Managing Director – Hospital

Ashley Pearce

Dip Pharm, BCom: Managing

Managing Director

Inputs

HUMAN CAPITAL

39 factory staff

92 sales, marketing and

administration employees

INTELLECTUAL CAPITAL

Top brands include:

Panado

Plush

Bioplus

Compral

Epi-max*

Probiflora

Gummy Vites

Viral Guard

Gyna Guard

Cepacol

* Epi-max moved to Consumer on

1/1/2021, financial results included

in Consumer for 6 months

The division’s operating

model

Our business activities

The division competes mainly in the

unregulated Fast Moving Consumer

goods (FMCG) market. Products are also

distributed and marketed in modern and

traditional trade outlets.

It continues to focus on the marketing,

selling and distribution of healthcare,

personal care and homecare brands. The

well-known Epi-max skin care range was

transferred from the Prescription division

on 1 January 2021.

100

Private

Revenue split

(%)

99

1

Local

Export

Revenue split

(%)

28

18

29

23

2

Corporate Pharmacy

Other wholesalers

Independent Pharmacy

Retail/FMCG

Pharmaceutical wholesalers

Local revenue split

(%)

MANUFACTURED CAPITAL

The Plush shoe care facility

2.6 million shoe care units

Pharmaceutical finished products are sourced

from:

z Adcock Ingram’s facilities: Wadeville, Clayville

and Bangalore;

z Third party manufacturers; and

z International supply chain partners.

NATURAL CAPITAL

Purchased:

632 kilolitres of water

121 729 kWh of electricity

SOCIAL AND RELATIONSHIP CAPITAL

Memberships include:

• Pharmaceuticals Made in South Africa

(PHARMISA);

• Cosmetics Toiletries & Fragrances

Association (CTFA);

• Aerosol Manufacturers Association of

South Africa; and

• Consumer Goods Council of South

Africa.

Regulatory bodies include:

• The Marketing Code Authority (MCA);

• The South African Health Products

Regulatory Authority (SAHPRA); and

• Department of Health Foodstuffs,

Disinfectants & Cosmetics Act.

Our customers and our markets

Customers are serviced through four distinct channels, across the

country and includes:

z

Pharmacy (includes corporate pharmacy, pharmaceutical

wholesale and independent pharmacy)

z

Wholesale (includes corporate wholesalers as well as

independent Cash and Carry)

z

Retail (comprises the majority of the large retailers as well as

forecourts)

z

On-line retail (includes Takealot, CBD Store and One Day

Only), with this footprint rapidly growing:

Managing Director

The division’s operating

model

Our business activities

The Adcock Ingram Over the Counter

(AI OTC) division manufactures,

markets and sells medication with a

focus on brands sold predominantly in

retail pharmacy, where the pharmacist

plays a role in the product choice.

Pharmacy-initiated therapy is the main

driver of product use in the Schedule

1 (S1) and Schedule 2 (S2) space,

satisfying a growing need for primary

healthcare in South Africa.

95

5

Private

Public

Revenue split

(%)

98

2

Local

Export

Revenue split

(%)

7

28

1 4

Corporate Pharmacy

Independent pharmacies

Pharmaceutical wholesalers

Other wholesalers

Retail

Local revenue split

(%)

60

Our customers and our markets

Customers, across the country include:

z

Pharmacies

z

FMCG channel

Markets served:

z

Public sector

z

Private sector:

Managing Director:

Managing Director

The division’s operating

model

Our business activities

Adcock Ingram Critical Care (AICC) is a

leading manufacturer and supplier of

hospital and critical care products in

Southern Africa. Products are offered

through multiple portfolios and across

wide ranging customer channels. The

business is a fully integrated operation

which spans through regulatory, R&D,

manufacturing, marketing, sales and

distribution. Beyond its world-class

commercial capability, AICC manufactures

an extensive range of products in its

unique dual process factory which

comprises a comprehensive plastic

extrusion plant together with a fully

accredited pharmaceuticals

manufacturing facility.

72

28

Private

Public

Revenue split

(%)

97

3

Local

Export

Revenue split

(%)

60

5 11

SANBS, NRC and private hospitals

Wholesalers

Independent pharmacy

Retail/FMCG

Corporate pharmacy

Local revenue split

(%)

33

Our customers and our markets

Customers, across the country include:

z

Hospitals

z

Pharmacies

z

General practitioners

z

Renal dialysis centres

z

Clinics

z

Blood centres

z

Physiotherapists

z

Biokineticists

z

Kinesiologists

z

Dieticians

z

Specialist clinicians

Markets served:

z

Public sector

z

Private sector.:

letter of engagement which, together

with the Board Charter and respective Committees’ terms of

reference and MOI, form the basis of the director’s appointment.

The Board recently adopted a resolution whereby directors who

have reached a nine (9) year tenure, should automatically retire

from the Board, subject to appropriate succession and Board

composition requirements being in place. The Nominations

Committee plays an important role in the appointment of new

and suitable directors as well as the identification and removal

of underperforming or unsuitable directors. The Company’s

memorandum of incorporation (MOI) provides that at least

one-third of the non-executive directors retires by rotation every

year and, if eligible, may offer themselves for re-election by

shareholders.:

letter of representation, in terms of the custody agreements with their CSDP or broker, should they wish to attend the AGM.

Forms of proxy should be lodged in person or forwarded to the Company’s transfer secretaries, Computershare Investor

Services Proprietary Limited (Rosebank Towers, 15 Biermann Avenue, Rosebank, 2196, South Africa; Private Bag X9000,

Saxonwold, 2132, South Africa), or emailed to Proxy@computershare.co.za, to be received, for administrative purposes, by them

no later than 09:00, on Friday, 19 November 2021 (for administrative purposes), provided that they may be handed to the

Chairperson of the meeting at any time prior to the proxy exercising any right at the meeting. Forms of proxy must only be

completed by shareholders who have not dematerialised their shares or who have dematerialised their shares and registered

them in their own name.

Material changes

Other than the facts and developments reported on in the financial report, there have been no material changes in the

financial and trading position of the Group since the date of signature of the audit report and the date of this notice of

the AGM.

Directors’ responsibility statement

The directors, whose names are given on the inside cover of this notice, collectively and individually accept full responsibility

for the accuracy of the information pertaining to these resolutions. They certify that, to the best of their knowledge and belief

there are no facts that have been omitted which would make any statement false or misleading, and that all reasonable

enquiries to ascertain such facts have been made and that this resolution contains all information required by law and the

JSE Listings Requirements.

The following information is provided in terms of the Listings Requirements for purposes of the general authority:

z

Major shareholders of the Company – Annual Financial Statements, page 118.

z

Share Capital and premium of the Company – Annual Financial Statements, pages 113 and 114.

Any other business

In terms of section 61(8)(d) of the Companies Act, an AGM must provide for the transacting of business in relation to any

matters raised by shareholders, with or without advance notice to the Company.

By order of the Board

Lucky Phalafala

Company Secretary

Midrand

26 October 2021:

letter

of representation or you must instruct your CSDP or broker to vote

by proxy on your behalf in terms of the agreement entered into

between yourself and your CSDP or broker.

5.

A shareholder may insert the name of a proxy or the names of two

alternative proxies of the shareholder’s choice in the space

provided with or without deleting “the chairman of the Annual

General Meeting” but any such deletion must be initialled by you.

Any insertion or deletion not complying with the foregoing will,

subject to 12 below, be declared not to have been validly effected.

A proxy need not be a shareholder of the Company. The person

whose name stands first on this form of proxy and who is present

at the Annual General Meeting of shareholders will be entitled to

act as proxy to the exclusion of those whose names follow. In the

event that no names are indicated, the proxy shall be exercised by

the chairman of the Annual General Meeting.

6.

If voting is by a show of hands, any person who is present at the

meeting, whether as a shareholder or as a proxy for a shareholder,

has the number of votes determined in accordance with the voting

rights associated with the securities held by that shareholder.

7.

A shareholder’s instructions to the proxy must be indicated by the

insertion of the relevant numbers of votes exercisable by the

shareholder in the appropriate box provided. Failure to comply

with the above will be deemed to authorise the proxy to vote or

to abstain from voting at the Annual General Meeting as he/she

deems fit in respect of all the shareholder’s votes exercisable

thereat. A shareholder or the proxy is not obliged to use all the

votes exercisable by the shareholder or by the proxy, but the total

of the votes cast and in respect of which abstention is recorded,

may not exceed the maximum number of the votes exercisable by

the shareholder or by the proxy.

8.

The proxy shall (unless this sentence is struck out and

countersigned) have the authority to vote, as he/she deems fit, on

any other resolution which may validly be proposed at the

meeting, including in respect of the proposed amendment to the

above resolutions. If the aforegoing sentence is struck out, the

proxy shall be deemed to be instructed to vote against any such

proposed additional resolution and/or proposed amendment to

an existing resolution as proposed in the notice to which this form

of proxy is attached. A vote given in terms of an instrument of

proxy shall be valid in relation to the meeting, notwithstanding

the death of the person granting it, or the revocation of the proxy,

or the transfer of the shares in respect of which the vote is given,

unless an intimation in writing of such death, revocation or transfer

is received by the Company Secretary before the commencement

of the Annual General Meeting.

9.

To be effective, completed forms of proxy:

(i)

should be lodged with or mailed to Computershare Investor

Services Proprietary Limited

Hand deliveries to:

Postal deliveries to:

Rosebank Towers, 15 Biermann Avenue P/Bag 9000

Rosebank, Johannesburg, 2196

Saxonwold, 2132

to be received, for administrative purposes only, by 09:00 on

Friday, 19 November 2021 or not less than 48 hours before

any adjourned or postponed meeting); or

(ii)

should be lodged with or mailed to Adcock Ingram,

1 New Road, Midrand, Gauteng (marked for the attention

of the Company Secretary) to be received after the time last

specified in (i) above but up to at least 10 minutes before the

commencement of the Annual General Meeting (including

any adjourned or postponed meeting); or

(iii) must be handed to the Chairperson of the Annual General

Meeting before the appointed proxy exercises any of the

relevant shareholder’s rights at the Annual General Meeting

(including any adjourned or postponed meeting), provided

that, should the relevant shareholder return such form of

proxy in terms of (ii) above, the relevant shareholder will also

be required to furnish a copy of such form of proxy to the

Chairperson of the Annual General Meeting before the

appointed proxy exercises any of the relevant shareholder’s

rights at the Annual General Meeting (including any

adjourned or postponed meeting).

10. The completion and lodging of this form of proxy will not

preclude the relevant shareholder from attending the Annual

General Meeting and speaking and voting in person thereat to the

exclusion of any proxy appointed in terms hereof.

11.

Documentary evidence establishing the authority of a person

signing this form of proxy in a representative capacity or other

legal capacity must be attached to this form of proxy, unless

previously recorded by the transfer secretaries or waived by the

chairman of the Annual General Meeting. A minor or any other

person under legal incapacity must be assisted by his/her parent

or guardian, as applicable, unless the relevant documents

establishing his/her capacity are produced or have been

registered by Adcock Ingram.

12. Any alteration or correction made to this form or proxy must be

initialled by the signatory/ies.

13. Notwithstanding the aforegoing, the chairman of the Annual

General Meeting may waive any formalities that would otherwise

be a pre-requisite for a valid proxy.

14. Where there are joint holders of shares: (i) any one holder may sign

this form of proxy; and (ii) the vote(s) of the senior shareholder (for

that purpose seniority will be determined by the order in which

the names of the shareholders appear in the securities register of

the Company) who tenders a vote (whether in person or by proxy)

will be accepted to the exclusion of the vote(s) of the other joint

shareholders.

15. The Chairperson of the Annual General Meeting may reject or

accept any form of proxy which is completed and/or received,

other than in compliance with these notes.

16. A proxy may not delegate his/her authority to act on behalf of the

shareholder in question to another person.:

