letter of authority. If shareholders who have

not dematerialised their shares or who have dematerialised their shares with own-name registration and who are entitled to attend and

vote at the AGM do not deliver proxy forms to the transfer secretaries timeously, such shareholders will nevertheless, at any time prior

to the commencement of the voting on the resolutions at the AGM, be entitled to lodge the form of proxy in respect of the AGM, in

accordance with the instructions therein with the Chairman of the AGM.

Each shareholder is entitled to appoint one or more proxies (who need not be shareholders of AfroCentric) to attend, speak and vote

in his/her stead. On a show of hands, every shareholder who is present in person or by proxy shall have one vote, and, on a poll, every

shareholder present in person or by proxy shall have one vote for each share held by him/her.

AfroCentric does not accept responsibility and will not be held liable for any failure on the part of a CSDP or broker to notify such

AfroCentric shareholder of the AGM.

By order of the Board

Billy Mokale

Group Company Secretary

Roodepoort

13 October 2021

SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION

Notice of AGM continued:

letter of representation to do so or provide the broker or CSDP timeously

with their voting instructions should they not wish to attend the AGM in order for the broker or CSDP to vote in accordance with their

instructions at the AGM.

I/We (FULL NAMES IN BLOCK LETTERS PLEASE)

of (address) (BLOCK LETTERS PLEASE)

Telephone no: (WORK) (area code)

Cell phone no:

Telephone no: (HOME) (area code)

Email address:

being the holder/s of

shares hereby appoint

1.

or failing him/her

2.

3. the Chairman of the AGM

as my/our proxy to act for me/us on my/our behalf at the AGM in accordance with the following instructions (see note 2):

For

Against Abstain

Ordinary resolutions

1.

Re-election of directors

1.1

Dr ND Munisi

1.2

Mr FG Allen

1.3

Dr SA Zinn

2.

Appointment of Chairperson and members to the Audit and

Risk Committee

2.1

Mr JB Fernandes (Chairperson)

2.2

Ms AM le Roux

2.3

Ms M Chauke

3.

Reappointment of independent external auditor

4.

General authority to issue shares for cash

5.

Approval of the Remuneration Policy

6.

Approval of the Remuneration Implementation Report

7.

Authority of directors and/or Company Secretary

Special resolutions

1.

Approval of Non-executive Directors’ fees

2.

General authority to repurchase shares

3.

Financial assistance to a related or inter-related company or

companies

4.

Financial assistance for subscription of shares to related or inter-

related companies

One vote per share held by shareholders on the voting record date.

AfroCentric Investment Corporation Limited

(Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa)

(Registration number: 1988/000570/06)

JSE share code: ACT

ISIN: ZAE 000078416

(AfroCentric or the Company)

37 Conrad Street, Florida North, Roodepoort, 1709

PO Box 1101, Florida Glen 1708

Telephone: +27 (11) 671 2000

Website: www.afrocentric.za.com:

