letter

Chief executive officer’s report

Chief financial officer’s report

OPERATIONAL REVIEW

Consumer Health

Pharma

Medical Devices

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Corporate governance report

Board of directors

Remuneration report

Social, ethics and transformation

committee report

FINANCIAL AND SHAREHOLDER

INFORMATION

Summarised consolidated annual financial statements

Shareholder analysis

Shareholders’ diary

Corporate information

CONTENTS

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021

57

34

30

17:

Dear Stakeholders

After several months of intense

negotiations with our lenders it is

pleasing to report on the approval

and successful implementation of the

group recapitalisation in what is believed

to be the first debt for assets swap in a

listed entity in South Africa.

The road to the recapitalisation has been long and arduous.

Those shareholders who have followed the company for

some time will recall that the unsustainable gearing levels

arose from debt-funded acquisitions undertaken in 2016 and

2017. You will also know that the group considered several

options to reduce the debt and settle loans outstanding to

the consortium of third-party lenders.

In June last year we entered into an agreement with our

lender consortium to restructure existing debt facilities,

enabling the group to extend the repayment obligations on

its debt to 31 December 2021. This debt extension allowed

management and the group’s operating companies to

focus on driving performance. It also enabled the group to

progress a lender-prescribed divestment programme aimed

at maximising the exit values of assets targeted for disposal.

In January 2021, Blantyre and L1 Health, two members

of the lender consortium, advised the board that they

had collectively increased their senior debt exposure to

more than 75% of the lender consortium. These lenders

proposed a recapitalisation to allow the group to reduce debt

levels and committed to provide funding to maximise the

long-term strategic value of the group.

CHAIRMAN’S: LETTER

TO STAKEHOLDERS

As a board we were supportive and receptive to the

recapitalisation owing to the company’s rising debt levels,

with the repayment due in less than 12 months, and

considering the slow progress on the lender-driven asset

disposal process. Consensual negotiations between Ascendis

and the two lenders commenced in February 2021.

A restructuring and recapitalisation agreement was reached

with the lender consortium in May 2021. We believe that

the agreement with the senior lenders was the most

favourable outcome possible for all stakeholders, including

shareholders, suppliers, customers and employees, given

the company’s unsustainable debt levels, the cost and terms

of the debt and the significant execution risk of the original

divestment programme.

This created the framework for the recapitalisation which

was approved by shareholders on 4 October 2021, post

year end, and implemented on 21 October 2021. The details

of the debt for assets swap mechanism used to effect the

recapitalisation as well as the outcome and benefits of the

transaction are outlined in the CEO’s Report. The group’s

debt position and funding facilities post-recapitalisation are

covered in the CFO’s Report.

managing director of investment banking at Nedbank Capital, CFO of Truworths

International, deputy CEO at Cipla SA and CEO of the House of Busby.

Bharti Harie (51)

BA, LLB, LLM

Lead independent non-executive director

Chairman of social, ethics and transformation committee and member of audit and risk committee

Appointed to the board in 2013

Bharti is an admitted attorney, notary and conveyancer. She spent 14 years at the Industrial

Development Corporation of South Africa where she last headed the corporate funding and

international finance departments. She is a director of EOH Limited, Lenmed Health Limited,

Bell Equipment Sales SA, Stefanutti Stocks and St David’s Marist Inanda School.

Cheryl-Jane Kujenga (42)

CA (Z), CA (SA), Executive MBA (UCT), Business, International Relations and the Political Economy (LSE)

Executive director and chief financial officer

Appointed to the board in December 2020

CJ was a partner at Ernst & Young from 2008 to 2017 during which time she served as an audit

partner and the strategic growth markets leader for Africa. In 2017 she joined Adcorp Holdings

as the group CFO, leading the company’s balance sheet restructuring process and later served

as interim CEO from October 2019 to May 2020. CJ joined Ascendis in December 2020.:

letter of credit issued on behalf of the SA Pharma business and Medical Devices

businesses were R20 million.

SFA covenants and divestment milestones

The SFA is subject to a quarterly adjusted leverage covenant test (the ratio of total net debt to normalised

EBITDA). For the financial year ended 30 June 2021 the lenders required that the group maintain an adjusted

leverage ratio below 6.6 (30 June 2020: 5.9). Ascendis Health achieved a ratio of 4.6 and therefore is compliant

with the requirement set by the lenders.

The SFA provides for certain key milestones in respect of the disposal of specified business units (disposal

milestones). The consequences of missing a disposal milestone depend on the nature of the disposal milestone.

For example, if certain disposal milestones are not met (e.g., the appointment of an adviser) this is an event of

default, while other disposal milestones may cumulatively lead to an increase in the PIK interest margin applicable

to all facilities of 2.5%.

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

for the year ended 30 June 2021 (CONTINUED):

