Letter from our President and Chief Executive Officer

Dear Fellow Stockholders,

After completing the 2021 US IPO, Montauk Renewables focused its efforts during 2022 on ensuring that the Company

would be well positioned to fund its selected development opportunities. We refinanced our credit agreement providing a

combined $200 million capacity. The strategically timed selling of D3 RINs approximately 9% above the 2022 average D3 RIN

index contributed to the over $80 million in cash generated from operations. Favorable pricing throughout 2022 saw Montauk

exceed $200 million in revenues.

Our business strategy planning objectives focus on the following core business areas that we believe currently represent the

greatest growth opportunities for Montauk Renewables:

•

Continued facility capacity expansion supporting LFG for RNG production;

•

Continued development into agricultural feedstocks for RNG production;

•

Focused early-stage development into diversified agricultural feedstocks for either RNG or REG production; and

•

Optimization and enhancement of existing assets and portfolio.

The end of 2022 brought exciting developments with the US EPA release of the RVO setting volume obligations for three

years, 2023 through 2025, for the first time. While uncertainty exists with this RVO as the final rule will not be issued until

June 2023, the proposed RVO set volumes for cellulosic biofuel at 720, 1,420, and 2,130 million RINs for the three years

2023, 2024, and 2025, respectively. For the first time, the EPA included volumes for eRINs generated from renewable

electricity of 0, 600, and 1,200 million eRINs for the three years 2023, 2024, and 2025, respectively.

Throughout our more than 30 years of developing and operating renewable energy projects, we have experienced the cyclical

nature of the renewable gas industry. Our history spans having renewable electricity producing sites and converting those

sites to RNG production. We are currently in various stages of registering our existing renewable electricity facilities to be

qualified to generate eRINs. We also believe our prudent development strategy, when coupled with our history, positions us

to support the generation of eRINs as considered under the RVO.

While our recent development has focused on agricultural feedstocks with our Pico expansion project and our Montauk Ag

Renewables acquisition, we were pleased to announce that we were awarded what will become our 13th LFG RNG facility.

This site will continue to expand our presence with our entrance into South Carolina. Also, the California Air Resource Board

certified our Pico facility Carbon Intensity Score. We will begin to release gas from storage and expect to generate Low

Carbon Fuel Standards credit revenues during 2023. As the voluntary RNG market continues to develop, we are considering

different approaches with our RNG production as we evaluate entrance into the voluntary RNG market. Finally, we expect to

continue the momentum in North Carolina that our 2023 signing of a receipt interconnection agreement has started.

While the index price environment we have experienced to start 2023 is more challenging than 2022, our experienced and

committed employees position us to meet these challenges. We are excited to enter what we consider to be our next phase

of strategic growth of Montauk during 2023.

Thank you for your continued support as a Montauk Renewables investor.

Sincerely,

Sean McClain

President and Chief Executive Officer

For more information regarding certain factors that could cause future results to differ, possibly materially, from historical

performance or those anticipated in forward-looking statements, see “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking

Statements” and the “Risk Factors” section of the accompanying 2022 Form 10-K.:

letter of intent or at all.

The acquisition, financing, construction and development of new projects involves numerous risks,

including:

•

difficulties in identifying, obtaining and permitting suitable sites for new projects;

•

failure to obtain all necessary rights to land access and use;

•

assumptions with respect to the cost and schedule for completing construction;

•

assumptions with respect to the biogas potential, including quality, volume, and asset life, for new

projects;

•

the ability to obtain financing for a project on acceptable terms or at all;

•

delays in deliveries or increases in the prices of equipment;

•

permitting and other regulatory issues, license revocation and changes in legal requirements;

•

increases in the cost of labor, labor disputes and work stoppages;

•

failure to receive quality and timely performance of third-party services;

•

unforeseen engineering and environmental problems;

•

cost overruns;

•

accidents involving personal injury or the loss of life; and

•

weather conditions, catastrophic events, including fires, explosions, earthquakes, droughts and acts of

terrorism, and other force majeure events.

In addition, new projects have no operating history and may employ recently developed technology and

equipment. A new project may be unable to fund principal and interest payments under its debt service

obligations or may operate at a loss, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of

operations.

We may also experience delays and cost overruns in converting existing facilities from Renewable

Electricity to RNG production. During the conversation projects, there is a gap in production and relating

revenue while the electricity project is offline until it commences operation as an RNG facility, which adversely

affects our financial condition and results of operations.

Our fuel supply agreements with site hosts have defined contractual periods, and we cannot assure you that

we will be able to successfully extend these agreements.

Fuel supply rights are issued by the landfill owner to operators for a contractual period. As operators, we

have already invested resources in the development of existing sites and the ability to extend these contracts on

expiration would enable us to achieve operational efficiency in continuing to generate revenues from a site

without significant additional capital investments. We cannot assure you that we will be able to extend existing

fuel supply agreements when they expire.

Our agreements contain complex price adjustments, calculations and other terms based on gas price indices

and other metrics, the interpretation of which could result in disputes with counterparties that could affect our

results of operations and customer relationships.

Certain of our PPAs, fuel supply agreements, RNG off-take agreements and other agreements require us to

make payments or adjust prices to counterparties based on past or current changes in gas price indices, project

-24-:

Letter Agreement, dated as of January 3, 2021, to the Transaction Implementation Agreement, dated

as of November 6, 2020, between Montauk Renewables, Inc., Montauk Holdings Limited and

Montauk Holdings USA, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 Amendment No. 3 to our

Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-251312), filed January 8, 2021)

2.2.1+

Membership Interest and Asset Purchase Agreement, dated May 10, 2021, by and among J.P.

Carroll & Co., LLC, Eagle Creek Ranch, L.L.C., NR Nutrient Recovery, LLC, Joseph P. Carroll, Jr.,

Martin A. Redeker and Montauk Swine Ag, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our

Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39919), filed on May 11, 2021)

-104-:

