managing director of Taiwan-based Mustek Corporation.

They agreed that David would extend Mustek’s operations

into South Africa.

David’s timing was perfect. From 1987, South Africa’s PC market

began booming, with Mustek’s close ties with Taiwanese

manufacturers proving to be a keen competitive advantage.

The arrival of the local Mecer brand hit a sweet spot as computer

imports were hindered by stiff import duties and the economic

sanctions at that time.

With Mecer as its flagship brand, supported by subsidiary

Rectron’s range of components and peripherals, Mustek

grew from strength to strength. Even so, the Group was simply

one of a pack of local and international rivals competing for

South African IT spend, with global brands such as Dell and

HP riding the waves of their aspirational appeal to South

African consumers.

In the early 2000s David and the Mustek Board recognised

that the homegrown, value-for-money Mecer brand – despite

universal South African market recognition – could not compete

head-to-head with aspirational global brands. At that point, the

Mustek Group distributed four main products: the Mecer PC, the

Toshiba notebook, the NEC server, and the Brother printer. Based

on Mustek’s peerless local distribution and servicing network, the

leadership decided that “if we can’t beat them, we’ll join them”.

Mustek replaced its Mecer-first approach with a policy of bringing

desirable global brands into its stable as part of an end-to-end

IT solutions model in which customers can mix and match

between brands and products, with Mustek specialists integrating

these as needed to meet client needs. This strategy shift was

a game changer.

David Kan’s global networks and Mustek’s widely respected

reputation, along with a loyal client database developed over

decades, brought a host of desired international IT brands into

the fold. These included Microsoft, Huawei, Samsung, Apple

and Lenovo. At the same time, Mustek identified and entered

into adjacent fields, such as gaming, security, renewable energy,

IT training and networking, to become an end-to-end distributor

and provider of tailored solutions for all IT requirements, large

and small.

While the Group’s original Mecer brand continues as a steady

and growing performer in IT hardware, it is now simply one of

a constellation of brands glittering across Mustek’s IT universe.

Although widely respected as an astute IT businessman and

innovator, David Kan was also loved by those he encountered

as a warm-hearted humanitarian. He possessed a quirky

yet infectious sense of humour, implemented human resources

(HR) policies in accordance with his personal values that were

way ahead of their time, and treated all equally, irrespective of

their social status. Yet, woe betide anyone who tried to take

advantage of his intrinsically kind nature.

Fortunately, Mustek's succession planning was in place at David's

passing and experienced Mustek stalwart, Hein Engelbrecht was

ready to step into David Kan's large boots.

However, David Kan, the smiling and brilliant pioneer who

left such a big imprint on South African IT, is sorely missed

by all who had the good fortune to interact with him.

ABOUT THIS REPORT

2

Mustek Integrated Annual Report 2022:

managing director of Mustek Operations effective 5 July 2022.

Pamella Marlowe is a Founder and: Managing

managing director

FD = financial director

HC = human capital

Standing

invitees

Group CEO,

Group FD, Group

company secretary

Ralph

Patmore

70

White male

Chairman

Shelley

Thomas

55

Indian female

Vukile

Mehana

69

Black male

Remuneration and Nominations Committee

Ralph

Patmore

70

White male

Lead independent,

non-executive

director

Vukile

Mehana

69

Black male

Non-executive

Board chairman

Shelley

Thomas

55

Indian female

Independent

non-executive

director

Neels

Coetzee

47

White male

Executive director/

Mustek Operations:: Managing director

Pamella

Marlowe

40

Black female

Independent

non-executive

director

Shabana Aboo

Baker Ebrahim

34

Indian female

Group financial

director

Hein

Engelbrecht

53

White male

Group chief

executive officer

Board of directors

Dimitri

Tserpes

57

White male

Mustek chief

technical officer

IT steering committee

Alan

Michas

70

White male

Rectron

IT manager

Ala

Al n

Mi h

Olga-Lee

Levey

50

White female

Chief information

officer

mmittee

Olg

L

a-Lee

L

Standing

invitees

Group CEO, Group FD,

Mustek MD, Mustek

CFO, Rectron FD,

internal auditor, external

auditor and Group

company secretary

Pamella

Marlowe

40

Black female

managing director of the Mustek Operations.

Shabana Aboo Baker Ebrahim was appointed as Group financial

director. Non-executive directors remain unchanged from the

previous reporting period.

The Board met seven times during the 2022 financial year,

two being special meetings and one being a strategy session.

Board and sub-committee attendance is outlined below:

Committee membership

and attendance

Name

Classification

Board

attendance

ARC

RNC

SEC

Non-executive director

Vukile Mehana

Non-executive Board chairman

7/7

2/2*

Independent non-executive directors

Ralph Patmore

Lead independent non-executive director

6/7

5/5

2/2*

2/2

Shelley Thomas

Independent non-executive director

7/7

5/5

2/2

2/2*

Pamella Marlowe

Independent non-executive director

7/7

5/5*

Executive directors

Hein Engelbrecht2

Group chief executive officer

7/7

Neels Coetzee3: Managing director

6/7**

Shabana Aboo Baker Ebrahim4

Group financial director

–

David Kan1

Chief executive officer

4/5

*

managing director) and Group financial director,

both as directors and as executives, in determining

remuneration

• recommends to the Board the remuneration of non-executive

directors for approval by shareholders

• determines the policy and scope of pension arrangements,

employment contracts, termination payments and

compensation commitments and makes recommendations

to the Board on these benefits for executive directors

• reviews market trends and reputable survey results in

determining such packages and arrangements

• regularly reviews the incentive scheme to ensure

continued contribution to shareholder value and that these

are administered in terms of the rules

• assumes responsibility for its composition by setting the

direction and approving the process for it to attain the

appropriate balance of knowledge, skills, experience, diversity

and independence to objectively and effectively discharge

its governance role and responsibilities

• regularly reviews the Board structure, size, composition

and mix of skills and experience and makes recommendations

to the Board with regard to any adjustments that are

deemed necessary

• sets targets for race and gender representation in its

membership for recommendation to the Board

• establishes arrangements for periodic, staggered rotation of

its members so as to invigorate its capabilities by introducing

members with new expertise and perspectives while retaining

valuable knowledge, skills and experience and maintaining

continuity for recommendation to the Board

• ensures succession plans for the Group chief executive officer

and Group financial director as well as senior management

appointments are developed and implemented and confirmed

by the Board.

Committee evaluation

The committee conducted a condensed self-evaluation by way of

questionnaires to identify the focus areas for the current financial

year. The results were that the performance of the committee

was satisfactory. The following focus areas were identified for

monitoring by the committee during the current financial period:

• have a Group focus and review the Group chief executive

officer and Group financial director job profiles with regard to

these changes

• continue with focus on succession planning for executive

directors and ensure that succession plans are in place

for other businesses in the Group

• greater focus on non-financial targets in performance

evaluations.

Ralph Patmore

Group Remuneration and Nominations Committee Chairman

21 October 2022

This report comprises three sections:

• PART I: Matters considered by the Remuneration and

Nominations Committee

• PART II: Remuneration policies and principles for shareholders’

vote at the annual general meeting

• PART III: Implementation report of the remuneration policy.

PART I: Report from the Group

Remuneration and Nominations

Committee

LEADERSHIP AND GOVERNANCE

90

Mustek Integrated Annual Report 2022:

managing director, the Rectron chief

executive officer and the Mecer Inter-Ed managing executive will

be based on the Group’s performance; and 80% will be based on

their individual business’ performance. The Group chief executive

officer and Group financial director’s bonus calculation would be

based on the Group’s performance.

Long-term incentive (LTI)

The LTI plan forms part of the variable compensation and is

used to attract, retain and motivate employees who influence

the long-term sustainability and strategic objectives of the

Group. The purpose is to foster sustainable performance or

value creation over the long term, which is aligned to the Group’s

strategy and enhances stakeholder value. Its main characteristic

is the promise to deliver value over a future vesting period, once

performance criteria are met or exceeded.

The directors may, on an annual basis or from time to time,

grant options to employees selected by the Group Remuneration

and Nominations Committee. The Group Remuneration and

Nominations Committee shall determine the number of share

appreciation rights (SARs). The price at which SARs may be

granted will be the weighted average market price of the ordinary

shares of the company on the JSE, as certified by the Group

company secretary, for the 30 days of June each year. All SARs

granted will remain in force for a period of six months after vesting.

SARs may only be exercised by an employee or retired employee

subject to the achievement of certain performance hurdles that

may be determined by the directors from time to time.

The price at which SARs may be exercised will be the weighted

average market price of the ordinary shares of the company on

the JSE, for the 30 days immediately preceding that on which

the employee is exercising the option. Upon exercising the SARs,

the employee will be paid an amount determined as the difference

between the exercise price and the grant price multiplied by the

number of SARs, less any tax that may at that time be applicable

to such a cash bonus. The maximum payment per tranche is

capped at 8% of the latest published EBITDA. This cap is

reviewed annually.

Details of the benefits held by the executive directors under

the existing LTI schemes are detailed in note 30 of the annual

financial statements.

Policy on directors’ remuneration

The directors are appointed to the Board to bring competencies

and experience appropriate to achieving the Group’s objectives.

Non-executive directors

It is the Group’s policy to identify, attract and retain non-executive

directors who can add value to the Group. The Board applies

principles of good corporate governance relating to directors’

remuneration and also keeps abreast of changing trends.

Governance of directors’ remuneration is undertaken by the

committee. The committee takes cognisance of market norms and

practices as well as additional responsibilities placed on the Board

members by new legislation and corporate governance principles.

The fees for non-executive directors are recommended by the

committee and will be tabled for approval by the shareholders

at the AGM on 5 December 2022.

LEADERSHIP AND GOVERNANCE

92

Mustek Integrated Annual Report 2022:

managing director and Group

financial director and found them to be still appropriate to meet the needs of the company. Notice periods for these executive directors

is three months.

Group Remuneration and Nominations Committee report

continued

LEADERSHIP AND GOVERNANCE

94

Mustek Integrated Annual Report 2022:

letter of

representation in terms of the custody agreement entered

into between such shareholders and the CSDP or broker.

4.

Dematerialised shareholders, other than own-name

registered dematerialised shareholders, who are unable

to attend the annual general meeting and who wish to be

represented thereat, must provide their CSDP or broker with

their voting instructions in terms of the custody agreement

entered into between them and the CSDP or broker in the

manner and time stipulated therein.

5.

Shareholders present in person, by proxy or by authorised

representative shall, on a show of hands, have one vote

each and, on a poll, will have one vote in respect of each

share held.

6.

In terms of the Companies Act, any shareholder or proxy

who intends to attend or participate at the annual general

meeting must be able to present reasonably satisfactory

identification at the meeting for such shareholder or proxy

to attend and participate at the annual general meeting.

A green bar-coded identification document or identity card

issued by the South African Department of Home Affairs,

a driver’s licence or a valid passport will be accepted at

the annual general meeting as sufficient identification.

Agenda

1.

Presentation and consideration of the annual financial

statements of the Group, including the reports of the

directors and the Group Audit and Risk Committee for

the year ended 30 June 2022 as set out in the company’s

Integrated Annual Report 2022, of which this annual general

meeting notice forms part.

2.

To consider and, if deemed fit, approve, with or without

modification, the following special and ordinary resolutions:

Note:

• for any of the ordinary resolution numbers 1 to 9 and 11 to be

adopted, more than 50% of the voting rights exercised on each

such ordinary resolution must be exercised in favour thereof

• for any of the special resolution numbers 1 to 3 to be adopted,

75% or more of the voting rights exercised on each such special

resolution must be exercised in favour thereof

• for ordinary resolution number 10 to be adopted, 75% or more of

the voting rights exercised on such ordinary resolution must

be exercised in favour thereof.

Notice of annual general meeting

Mustek Integrated Annual Report 2022

95:

letter of representation in terms of the custody agreement entered into between themselves and the CSDP or broker.

For use by Mustek shareholders at an annual general meeting held at Mustek Limited’s head office at 322 15th Road, Randjespark, Midrand,

on Monday, 5 December 2022 at 10:00 (the annual general meeting).

I/We (please print name in full)

of (address)

being a shareholder/s of Mustek Limited, holding

shares in the company hereby appoint:

1.

or, failing him/her,

2.

or, failing him/her,

3. the chairman of the annual general meeting,

as my proxy to vote for me/us and on my/our behalf at the annual general meeting and at any adjournment thereof and to speak and act for

me/us and, on a poll, vote on my/our behalf.

My/our proxy shall vote as follows:

Number of shares

In favour of

Against

Abstain

To consider the presentation of the annual financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2022

Ordinary resolution number 1: Confirmation of the appointment of Shabana Aboo Baker Ebrahim as a director

Ordinary resolution number 2: To re-elect Ralph Patmore as director

Ordinary resolution number 3: To re-elect Vukile Mehana as director

Ordinary resolution number 4: Confirmation of auditor’s appointment

Ordinary resolution number 5: Appointment of Pamella Marlowe to Audit and Risk Committee

Ordinary resolution number 6: Appointment of Ralph Patmore to Audit and Risk Committee

Ordinary resolution number 7: Appointment of Shelley Thomas to Audit and Risk Committee

Ordinary resolution number 8:

8.1 Endorsement of remuneration policy

8.2 Endorsement of the implementation report

Ordinary resolution number 9: Placing of shares under the directors’ control

Ordinary resolution number 10: General authority to issue shares for cash

Ordinary resolution number 11: Authority to action

Special resolution number 1: Remuneration of non-executive directors

Special resolution number 2: Financial assistance to related and inter-related companies

Special resolution number 3: General authority to the company and its subsidiaries to repurchase shares

(indicate instruction to proxy by way of a cross in the space provided above)

Unless otherwise instructed, my/our proxy may vote as he/she thinks fit.

Signed this

day of

2022

Signature

Please read the notes on the reverse side hereof.

Form of proxy

Mustek Integrated Annual Report 2022 101:

managing director, financial director, partner of the external

auditor and the internal auditor attend meetings by invitation

and attended all meetings held during the reporting period.

The Board is satisfied that the independence, experience

and qualifications of each member enable them to fulfil the

committee’s mandate. In addition to scheduled meetings,

the committee meets at least once a year with the

company’s internal and external auditors, without

management being present.

Four meetings were held during the reporting period and

attendance of the meetings has been included in the

Integrated Annual Report.

The committee, as a whole, has the necessary financial

literacy, skills and experience to execute their duties

effectively.

2.

Role of the Audit and Risk Committee

The Audit and Risk Committee reviewed its terms of

reference, setting out its duties and responsibilities as

prescribed in the Companies Act, King IV and incorporating

additional duties delegated to it by the Board.

The committee:

• fulfils the duties that are assigned to it by the Companies

Act and as governed by other legislative requirements

• assists the Board in overseeing the quality and integrity

of the Group’s integrated reporting process, including

the financial statements and sustainability reporting,

and announcements in respect of the financial results

• considers sustainability-related impacts, risks

and opportunities

• monitors that an effective control environment in the

Group is maintained

• provides the financial director, external auditor and the head

of internal audit with unrestricted access to the committee

and its chairman as is required in relation to any matter

falling within the ambit of the committee

• meets with the external auditor, senior managers and

executive directors as the committee may elect

• meets confidentially with the internal and external auditors

without other executive Board members and the Group’s

financial director being present

• reviews and recommends to the Board the interim financial

results and annual financial statements

• oversees the activities of, and ensures coordination

between, the activities of the internal and external auditors

• fulfils the duties that are assigned to it by the Companies

Act and as governed by other legislative requirements,

including the statutory audit committee functions required

for subsidiary companies

• receives and deals with any complaints concerning

accounting practices, internal audit or the content and

audit of its financial statements or related matters

• conducts annual reviews of the Audit and Risk Committee’s

work plan and terms of reference

• assesses the performance and effectiveness of the Audit

and Risk Committee and its members on a regular basis

• reviewed the proactive monitoring process in terms of

the: letter from the JSE dated 9 November 2021,

including Annexure 3.

3.

Execution of functions during the year

The committee is satisfied that, for the 2022 financial year,

it has performed all the functions required to be performed

by an Audit and Risk Committee as set out in the Companies

Act, JSE Listings Requirements, King IV and the committee’s

terms of reference.

The Audit and Risk Committee discharged its functions in

terms of its terms of reference and ascribed to it in terms of

the Companies Act during the year under review as follows:

3.1

External audit

The committee among other matters:

• nominated BDO South Africa Inc. and Vanessa de Villiers

as the external auditor and designated auditor respectively

to shareholders for appointment as auditor for the financial

year ending 30 June 2022, and ensured that the

appointment complied with all applicable legal and

regulatory requirements for the appointment of an auditor

• nominated the external auditor and the independent

auditor for each material subsidiary company for

re-appointment

• requested from BDO South Africa Inc., the formal letter of

their latest inspection performed by IRBA on the firm and

Vanessa de Villiers, including any findings to the firm

and/or individual in line with paragraph 22.15(h) of the

JSE Listings Requirements

• reviewed the audit effectiveness and evaluated the external

auditor’s internal quality control procedures

• obtained an annual confirmation from the auditor that their

independence was not impaired

• maintained a policy setting out the categories of non-audit

services that the external auditor may and may not

provide, split between permitted, permissible and

prohibited services

• confirmed that no non-audit services were conducted

by BDO South Africa Inc.

• approved the external audit engagement letter, the plan and

the budgeted audit fees payable to the external auditor

• obtained assurances from the external auditor that

adequate accounting records were being maintained

by the company and its subsidiaries

* Copyright and trademarks are owned by the Institute of

letter relating to the annual

financial statements that was signed by management

• considered any problems identified and reviewed any

significant legal and tax matters that could have a material

impact on the financial statements

• considered accounting treatments, significant unusual

transactions, and accounting judgements, including the

restatement of the statement of comprehensive income

due to the prior year error disclosed in note 35.

3.5

Significant areas of judgement

In arriving at the figures disclosed in the financial statements

there are many areas where judgement is needed. These are

outlined in the critical accounting estimates and judgements

in the accounting policies to the annual financial statements.

The Audit and Risk Committee has looked at the quantum of

the assets and liabilities on the statements of financial position

and other items that require significant judgement and decided

to note the following:

• inventory valuation in terms of obsolescence:

The net realisable value of each individual inventory item

is subject to high levels of judgement and estimation

uncertainty.

3.6

Risk management

The committee:

• oversaw the management of risks as per the risk

management register

• received quarterly updates in terms of changes

in risk ratings

• monitored complaints received via the Group’s

whistle-blowing service

• reviewed and recommended to the Board for approval

the Risk Management Policy and Plan as well as the

combined assurance model.

3.7

Information technology

The committee:

• monitored the value delivery on IT and monitored the

return on investments on significant IT projects

• monitored that IP contained in information systems

is protected

• monitored that adequate business arrangements are

in place for disaster recovery

• monitored that all personal information is treated by the

company as an important business asset and is identified

• reviewed and recommended to the Board for approval any

policies proposed by management and relevant to the areas

of responsibility of the committee.

Enterprise resource planning (ERP) system

Implementing the new ERP system was again delayed

due to the load testing requiring further enhancements.

Implementation is expected to be in October 2022.

3.8

Legal and regulatory requirements

To the extent that these may have an impact on the annual

financial statements, the committee:

• reviewed legal matters that could have a material impact

on the Group

• reviewed the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group’s

procedures, including its risk management framework, to

ensure compliance with legal and regulatory responsibilities

• monitored complaints received via the Group’s

whistle-blowing service

• considered reports provided by management, internal

audit and the external auditors regarding compliance with

legal and regulatory requirements.

Mustek Integrated Annual Report 2022 109:

Managing director

Executive

S Aboo Baker Ebrahim

Finance director

Executive

Loss of director

Directors

Cause of change

Office

Date

DC Kan

Deceased

Chief executive

officer

19 May 2022

Appointments of directors

Directors

Designation

Date

S Aboo Baker Ebrahim

Executive

05 July 2022

Changes in responsibilities

Effective 30 June 2022, Hein Engelbrecht was appointed Group

chief executive officer after the passing of Mustek’s founder,

David Kan.

Neels Coetzee was appointed as: managing director of Mustek

Operations, effective 5 July 2022, replacing Hein in the role.

Effective 5 July 2022, Shabana Aboo Baker Ebrahim was appointed

as Group financial director to replace Neels.

Investments in subsidiaries, associates and

other loans

The following matters are highlighted with regards to the investments

in and loans to subsidiaries, associates and other loans (refer to

notes 15, 16 and 17 to the annual financial statements for more

information):

Zaloserve Proprietary Limited

The Group owns 36.1% of Zaloserve Proprietary Limited (Zaloserve),

the holding company of Sizwe Africa IT Group Proprietary Limited

(Sizwe). The Group sold 3.9% of Zaloserve to Zaloserve Management

Proprietary Limited, a company owned by Sizwe’s management

team, for a total consideration of R11.0 million on 30 June 2021.

The consideration due attracts interest at the repo rate plus 1%

and is repayable on or before 30 June 2026. As at 30 June 2022,

both the investment in Zaloserve as well as the loan to Zaloserve

Management Proprietary Limited were impaired by R10.1 million

and R4.6 million respectively. The reason for impairment is due

to the poor performance of the Zaloserve group (specifically

Sizwe IT Africa), as well as uncertainty of future forecasts due to

operational constraints. The R10.1 million impairment of the

investment in associate has been added back to the calculation

of headline earnings.

Yangtze Optics Africa Holdings Proprietary Limited

YOAC is located at the Dube Trade Port in Durban and Mustek is

a 25.1% shareholder of YOAC. The other shareholders are Yangtze

Optical Fibre and Cable Joint Stock Limited Company and Yangtze

Optical Fibre and Cable Company (Hong Kong) Limited, the world’s

largest manufacturers of optical fibre cables. The Group’s share of

profits equity accounted in 2022 was R4.8 million (2021:

R11.5 million). They continue to grow their revenue and

management believes that the company will continue to contribute

profitably to the Group’s bottom line.

Loans to executive management

During previous financial years, Mustek Limited shares were issued

to members of the executive management of Mustek Limited in

terms of an executive share option scheme. The purchase of these

shares was funded by means of a loan from the Mustek Executive

Share Trust to the staff members in terms of the rules of the trust

deed. The trust deed provides that the Board of directors determine

the interest rate. Until 31 August 2017, interest was charged at

the South African repo rate plus one percent whereafter the loans

became interest free. As at year-end the carrying amount of these

loans was R40.4 million (2021: R45.9 million) of which R16 million

have no fixed repayment terms. The balance, R24.4 million,

owing by the late DC Kan has become payable after his passing

in May 2022 and has been disclosed as a current receivable.

The carrying amount of these loans are stated after impairment

in terms of IFRS 9 Financial Instruments.

Investment in Palladium Business Solutions Proprietary Limited

The Group disposed of its 50.1% interest in Palladium Business

Solutions Proprietary Limited for R26.25 million with effect from

22 June 2022. Refer to note 34.

Special resolutions

During the current financial year, the following special resolutions

were passed by the company’s shareholders:

• a general authority was given to the Board to repurchase shares

in the company subject to the requirements of the Companies

Act of South Africa. This authority was given in terms of a special

resolution passed at the AGM held on 29 November 2021

• with effect from 29 November 2021, the remuneration payable to

non-executive directors applicable for a period of twelve months

• in accordance with section 45 of the Companies Act, the

provision of any financial assistance by the company to any

company or corporation which is related or inter-related to the

company (as defined in the Companies Act), on the terms and

conditions which the directors of Mustek may determine.

Events after the reporting period

Purchase of building

A building was purchased in Cape Town for R28 million in

August 2022. The purchase price was settled in cash. This

building will be occupied by Rectron’s Cape Town branch.

The directors are not aware of any other material event that

occurred after the reporting date and up to the date of this

report that requires adjustment to or disclosure in the annual

financial statements.

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

114 Mustek Integrated Annual Report 2022

letter of guarantee for the amount of R20 million,

which guarantee was disputed by the issuer (a registered insurance

company) of such guarantee. On 29 July 2019, the High Court ruled

in favour of the issuer and the after tax amount of R12.6 million was

fully written off in the 30 June 2019 financial statements.

Following the above judgement, Mustek sought advice from new

counsel and in January 2020 instituted action afresh (on a new legal

basis) against the issuer of the guarantee: letter, the underwriting

company and the individual involved in the transaction.

On 14 August 2022, subsequent to year-end, the insurance company

has entered into settlement negotiations in order to endeavour to

settle Mustek’s claims, which negotiations are continuing.

COVID-19 claim

Rectron’s claim for the loss of gross profit (R10 million including VAT)

following business interruption triggered by the COVID-19 lockdown

in March 2020 was settled in the current year.

Save as recorded above, the directors are not aware of any legal

or arbitration proceedings, including proceedings that are pending

or threatened that may have a material effect on the financial

position of the Group and company.

Auditors

BDO South Africa Incorporated continued in office as auditors for

the company and its major subsidiaries for 2022.

At the AGM, the shareholder will be requested to reappoint BDO

South Africa Incorporated as the independent external auditors of

the company and to confirm Ms VR de Villiers as the designated

lead audit partner for the 2023 financial year.

Secretary

The company secretary is Sirkien Van Schalkwyk.

Mustek Integrated Annual Report 2022 115

letter of credit for Intel International BV, Microsoft Corporation and Vivotek Inc. for US$1.75 million

• R0.4 million guarantee of payment in favour of Growthpoint Properties Limited

• R5.8 million guarantee of payment in favour of Department of Customs & Excise, South African Revenue Service

• R3.7 million guarantee of payment in favour of DG Murray Trust, South Africa. This guarantee expires on 30 April 2025.

Legal disputes

Insurance settlement

One of Mustek’s largest debtors was liquidated in 2018 and an amount of R20 million remained outstanding after receiving an

insurance settlement from Mustek’s credit insurer. The indebtedness was secured by a: letter of guarantee in the amount of

R20 million, which guarantee was disputed by the issuer (a registered insurance company) of such guarantee. On 29 July 2019,

the High Court ruled in favour of the issuer and the after tax amount of R12.6 million was fully written off in the 30 June 2019

financial statements.

Following the above judgement, Mustek sought advice from new counsel and in January 2020 instituted action afresh (on a new

legal basis) against the issuer of the guarantee letter, the underwriting company and the individual involved in the transaction.

On 14 August 2022, subsequent to year-end, the insurance company has entered into settlement negotiations in order to endeavour

to settle Mustek’s claims, which negotiations are continuing.

The Group becomes involved from time to time in various claims and lawsuits incidental to the ordinary course of business. The

Group is not currently involved in any such claims or lawsuits, which individually or in the aggregate, are expected to have a material

adverse effect on the business or its assets.

Mustek Integrated Annual Report 2022 181

