Managing Director. He was conferred

with the title of ‘Doctor of Letters’ for his

entrepreneurship and philanthropy by the

International Tamil University, USA. He

has held various executive positions during

his career, spanning over 20 years. He is

in-charge of the day-to-day operations of

the company.

C. SATHYAN: Managing Director

R.G. CHANDRAMOGAN

Managing Director in M.N. Eye Hospital

Private Limited.

CHALINI MADHIVANAN

Independent Woman Director

Balaji Tammineedi, aged 61 years, is an

Independent Director of the Company.

He is an entrepreneur and holds a Master’s

Degree in Management from the Indian

Institute of Planning and Management,

Delhi. He has more than 22 years of

experience in the dairy industry. He is a

partner in Prism Ventures LLP, Traditions

Jewellery LLP and Blue Sky Brundhavana

LLP.

BALAJI TAMMINEEDI

Independent Director

S. Subramanian, aged 63 years, is an

Independent Director. He holds a

Postgraduate Degree in Commerce and

Management and is a ﬁnance professional

with more than 30 years of experience in

the Manufacturing Industry. He has

expertise and knowledge in the areas of

Corporate Finance, Accounting, Capital

Structuring, Governance and Compliance

matters.

S. SUBRAMANIAN

Independent Director

B. THENAMUTHAN

Independent Director

B. Tenamuthan, aged 61 years, is an

Independent Director of the Company. He

holds a Master’s Degree in Communication

and Journalism from the University of

Madras. He has over 19 years of experience

in the ﬁeld of journalism. He is the: Managing

Dear Stakeholders,

It has been a challenging year for all of us, and it looks like a steep climb

ahead as the world pieces itself back together again.

I would like to take this opportunity to thank everyone involved with

HAP -- our partners, vendors and employees -- for their tireless eﬀorts

and support during these unprecedented times. Rest assured, we will

move forward as one, tackle new challenges and continue delivering

quality dairy products to our customers.

Once again, on behalf of the entire HAP family, I thank you for your

loyalty and support.

Yours sincerely,

R.G. Chandramogan

From the Chairman’s Desk

07 • FROM THE CHAIRMAN’S DESK:

Managing Director

K.S. THANARAJAN

Non-Executive Director

P. VAIDYANATHAN

Non-Executive Director

V. RAJENDRAN MUTHU

Independent Director

B. THENAMUTHAN

Independent Director

BALAJI TAMMINEEDI

Independent Director

CHALINI MADHIVANAN

Independent Woman Director

S. SUBRAMANIAN

Independent Director

D. SATHYANARAYAN

Non-Executive Director

Chief Financial Ofcer

H. RAMACHANDRAN

Company Secretary

G. SOMASUNDARAM

COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD

AUDIT COMMITTEE

S. Subramanian

P. Vaidyanathan

B. Tenamuthan

Balaji Tammineedi

K.S. Tanarajan

Chalini Madhivanan

DATE: 20th September, 2022

DAY: Tuesday

TIME: 10.00 A.M.

VENUE: Trough Video

Conferencing (‘VC’) / Other Audio

Visual Means (‘OAVM’) without the

physical presence of Members at a

Common Venue as per the Circulars

issued by ‘MCA’ and ‘SEBI’

STAKEHOLDERS’

RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE

S. Subramanian

P. Vaidyanathan

B. Tenamuthan

Balaji Tammineedi

Chalini Madhivanan

K.S. Tanarajan

NOMINATION &

REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

S. Subramanian

P. Vaidyanathan

B. Tenamuthan

Balaji Tammineedi

Chalini Madhivanan

K.S. Tanarajan

BORROWING & INVESTMENT

COMMITTEE

R.G. Chandramogan

C. Sathyan

K.S. Tanarajan

S. Subramanian

CORE COMMITTEE

R.G. Chandramogan

C. Sathyan

K.S. Tanarajan

CORPORATE SOCIAL

RESPONSIBILITY COMMITTEE

S. Subramanian

P. Vaidyanathan

C. Sathyan

K.S. Tanarajan

RISK MANAGEMENT

COMMITTEE

R.G. Chandramogan

C. Sathyan

K.S. Tanarajan

S. Subramanian

CORPORATE INFORMATION

CIN: L15499TN1986PLC012747

Registered Ofce:

No.41 (49), Janakiram Colony Main Road,

Janakiram Colony, Arumbakkam,

Chennai - 600 106.

Phone: 91-44-43659999

Fax: 91-44-43659998

Website: www.hap.in

E-mail: secretarial@hap.in

Corporate Ofce:

Plot No 14, TNHB, TN Housing Board

‘A’ Road, Sholinganallur, Chennai - 600 119.

Phone: 91-44-24501622

Fax: 91-44-24501422

STATUTORY AUDITORS

M/S. DELOITTE HASKINS

& SELLS LLP

8th Floor, A S V Ramana Towers,

52, Venkatnarayana Road,

T. Nagar, Chennai - 600 113.

INTERNAL AUDITORS

M/S. ERNST & YOUNG LLP

Tidel Park, 6th Floor, “A” Block

(Module 601)

No.4, Rajiv Gandhi Salai,

Taramani, Chennai - 600 113.

BANKERS

State Bank of India

ICICI Bank Limited

Te South Indian Bank Limited

Standard Chartered Bank

Yes Bank Limited

Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited

RBL Bank Limited

HDFC Bank Limited

Axis Bank Limited

IDFC Bank Limited

HSBC Bank

Te Federal Bank Limited

Bank of Bahrain & Kuwait B.S.C

Doha Bank

Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd

Citi Bank

Shinhan Bank

Mizuho Bank

Indusind Bank

STOCK EXCHANGES

BSE Limited

National Stock Exchange

of India Limited

REGISTRAR AND SHARE

TRANSFER AGENT

Integrated Registry

Management Services

Private Limited (IRMSPL)

30, Ramana Residency, 4th Cross,

Sampige Road, Malleswaram

Bangalore - 560 003.

E-mail: irg@integratedindia.in

gopi@integratedindia.in

28 • 37th ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING:

Managing Director being the longest serving members are liable

to retire by rotation and being eligible, oﬀer themselves for

re-appointment.

In this regard, the following Resolutions are placed before

the Shareholders for approval:

i) To Consider and if thought ﬁt, to pass with or without

modiﬁcation/s, the following Resolution as an Ordinary

Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 152

and other applicable provisions if any, of Te Companies Act,

2013, the approval of the Shareholders of the Company be and is

hereby accorded to the re-appointment of Mr. R .G. Chandramogan

(DIN 00012389) as a Director liable to retire by rotation”.

ii) To Consider and if thought ﬁt, to pass with or without

modiﬁcation/s, the following Resolution as an Ordinary

Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 152

and other applicable provisions if any, of Te Companies Act,

2013, the approval of the Shareholders of the Company be and is

hereby accorded to the re-appointment of Mr. C. Sathyan

(DIN 00012439) as a Director liable to retire by rotation”.

5. Reappointment of M/s Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP as the

Statutory Auditors of the Company for a Second and Final

Term of 5 Consecutive Years

To consider and, if thought ﬁt, to pass with or without

modiﬁcation/s, the following Resolution as an Ordinary

Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 139,

142 and other applicable provisions, if any, of Te Companies

Act, 2013 (including the Statutory modiﬁcation(s) or

re-enactments thereof for the time being in force) read with Te

Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 as amended, M/s.

Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP., Chartered Accountants,

(FRN No.117366W / W 100018) be and are hereby re-appointed

as the Statutory Auditors of the Company, to hold oﬃce for a

second and ﬁnal term of 5 consecutive years from the conclusion

of Tirty Seventh (37th) Annual General Meeting until the

conclusion of Forty Second (42nd) Annual General Meeting of

the Company to be held in the year 2027, at such remuneration

plus taxes, out-of-pocket and travelling expenses, etc., as may be

mutually agreed to between the Board of Directors of the

Company and M/s. Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP”.

SPECIAL BUSINESS:

6. Ratifcation of Remuneration of Cost Auditor

To consider and, if thought ﬁt, to pass, with or without

modiﬁcation/s, the following resolution as an Ordinary

Resolution:-

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 148

and other applicable provisions, if any, of Te Companies Act,

2013 and Te Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014

(including any statutory modiﬁcation(s) or re-enactment thereof,

for the time being in force), M/s. Ramachandran & Associates,

Cost Accountants (Firm Registration No. 000799) appointed as

the Cost Auditors by the Board of Directors of the Company, to

conduct the audit of cost records of the Company for the

ﬁnancial year ending March 31, 2023, be paid a remuneration

amounting to INR 1,30,000/- per annum (Rupees One Lakh

Tirty Tousand Only) excluding applicable taxes and out of

pocket expenses, if any, pursuant to the recommendation of the

Audit Committee and as approved by the Board.:

Managing Director of the Company:

To consider and, if thought ﬁt, to pass with or without

modiﬁcation the following resolution as a Special Resolution

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 197

read with Part I and Section I of Part II of Schedule V and other

applicable provisions, if any, of Te Companies Act, 2013

(including any statutory modiﬁcation or re-enactment thereof),

applicable clauses of the Articles of Association of the Company

and recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee and consent of the Board, approval of the Company

be and is hereby accorded for revision in the remuneration of Mr.

C Sathyan [DIN: 00012439]: Managing

letter etc. with

attested specimen signature of the duly authorised signatory(ies)

who are authorised to vote, to the Scrutiniser by e-mail to

secretarial@csdhanapal.com with a copy marked to

evoting @nsdl.co.in.

2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with

any other person and take utmost care to keep your password

conﬁdential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon

ﬁve unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In

such an event, you will need to go through the “Forgot User

Details/ Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?” option

available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked

Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-voting user manual

for Shareholders available at the download section of

www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll free no.: 1800 1020 990

and 1800 22 44 30 or send a request to Ms Soni Singh at

evoting@nsdl.co.in

Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered

with the depositories for procuring user id and password and

registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions set out

in this notice:

1. In case shares are held in physical mode, please provide Folio

No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the share certiﬁcate

(front and back), PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card),

AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email

to irg@integratedindia.in / gopi@integratedindia.in

2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide

DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneﬁciary

ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account

statement, PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card),

AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to

secretarial@hap.in. If you are an Individual shareholders

holding securities in demat mode, you are requested to refer to

the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for

e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders

holding securities in demat mode.

3. Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to

evoting@nsdl.co.in for procuring user id and password for

e-voting by providing above mentioned documents.

4. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on

e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual

shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to

vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories

and Depository Participants. Shareholders are required to

update their mobile number and email ID correctly in their

demat account in order to access e-Voting facility.

THE INSTRUCTIONS TO MEMBERS FOR e-VOTING

ON THE DAY OF THE AGM ARE AS UNDER:-

1. Te procedure for e-Voting on the day of the AGM is same as

the instructions mentioned above for remote e-voting.

2. Only those Members/shareholders, who will be present in the

AGM through VC/OAVM facility and have not cast their vote

on the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are otherwise

not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through

e-Voting system in the AGM.

3. Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting will be

eligible to attend the AGM. However, they will not be eligible to

vote at the AGM.

4. Te details of the person who may be contacted for any

grievances connected with the facility for e-Voting on the day of

the AGM shall be the same person mentioned for Remote

e-voting.

INSTRUCTIONS TO MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING THE

AGM THROUGH VC/OAVM ARE AS UNDER:

1. Member will be provided with a facility to attend the AGM

through VC/OAVM through the NSDL e-Voting system.

Members may access by following the steps mentioned above

for Access to NSDL e-Voting system. After successful login, you

can see link of “VC/OAVM link” placed under “Join General

meeting” menu against company name. You are requested to

click on VC/OAVM link placed under Join General Meeting

menu. Te link for VC/OAVM will be available in

Shareholder/Member login where the EVEN of Company will

be displayed. Please note that the members who do not have the

User ID and Password for e-Voting or have forgotten the User

ID and Password may retrieve the same by following the remote

41 • NOTICE TO SHAREHOLDERS:

Managing Director of

the Company is the Son of Mr. R G

Chandramogan

7 (Seven)

00012439

05-Oct-1978 and 43 years

19th October, 2020

Mr. C. Sathyan, has held various

executive positions during his career,

spanning over 20 years. He was

conferred with the title of ‘Doctor of

Letters’ for his entrepreneurship and

philanthropy by the International Tamil

University, USA. He is in-charge of the

day-to-day operations of the Company

Rich experience in business over a period

of 20 years

He was appointed as the Managing

Director for a period of Five Years with

eﬀect from 19th October, 2020. Details

of his remuneration are elaborately

covered in the Report on Corporate

Governance forming part of Board’s

Report

None

None

2,10,95,698 equity shares

Mr. R G Chandramogan, Chairman of

the Company is the Father of Mr. C

Sathyan

7 (Seven)

Item No.5

Re-appointment of M/s Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP as the Statutory Auditors of the Company for a Second and Final Term

of 5 consecutive years.

At the Annual General Meeting held on 24th July 2017, M/s. Deloitte Haskin & Sells LLP, Chartered Accountants, (Firm

Registration Number 117366W / W100018) were appointed as Statutory Auditors of the Company to hold oﬃce till the conclusion

of Tirty Seventh Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held in the calendar year 2022.

43 • NOTICE TO SHAREHOLDERS:

Letter of Engagement specifying the terms of appointment

44 • NOTICE TO SHAREHOLDERS

shall be ﬁnalised by the Audit Committee of the Board or any

oﬃcial of the Company authorised by the Board of Directors of

the Company on such terms mutually agreeable to the

Company and Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP and such other

conditions as may be speciﬁed by applicable laws in force.

c) Details in relation to and credentials of the Statutory

Auditors proposed to be appointed:

Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP is a Limited Liability Partnership

(LLP, hereinafter called a “Firm”) constituted on 20th November,

2013 having a ﬁrm registration no. 117366W/W -100018. Te

registered oﬃce of the ﬁrm is at “One International Center,

Tower 3, 32nd Floor Senapati Bapat Marg, Elphinstone Road

(West) Mumbai, Maharashtra 400013”. Te Firm has been

subjected to the peer review process of the Institute of Chartered

Accountants of India (ICAI) and holds a valid certiﬁcate issued

by the Peer Review Board of the ICAI. Deloitte Haskins & Sells,

LLP has a strong National presence having 14 oﬃces in India

and serves several large listed and unlisted companies in all the

business sectors, including the sectors in which the Company

operates.

d) Basis of recommendation for appointment:

Article 186 of the Articles of Association of the Company

(AOA) provides for Audit and appointment of Auditors. It

provides that the persons qualiﬁed for appointment as Auditors

shall be only those referred to in Section 141 of Te Companies

Act, 2013. Te Audit Committee at its Meeting held on

27.04.2022 recommended to the Board, the re-appointment of

M/s Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP as the Statutory Auditors of

the Company for a second term of ﬁve consecutive years. Te

Board considered the recommendation and approved the

re-appointment of Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP as the

Statutory Auditors of the Company for a second term of 5 (ﬁve)

consecutive years from the conclusion of 37th Annual General

Meeting up to the conclusion of 42nd Annual General Meeting

to be held in the year 2027 subject to the approval of Members

at their ensuing Annual General Meeting (37th Annual General

Meeting). While considering the appointment, the Board and

the Audit Committee took into account the qualiﬁcation,

experience of the Auditors and have given due regard to the

order or pending proceedings relating to professional matters of

conduct against Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP before the

Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and before Court/s

of Law and were of the opinion that the qualiﬁcation and

experience of Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP is commensurate

with the size and requirements of the Company, and

accordingly have recommended their re-appointment as

Statutory Auditors of the Company for a second and ﬁnal term

of 5 consecutive years. to the members of the Company.

None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the

Company and their relatives are concerned or interested,

ﬁnancially or otherwise, in this item. Te Board recommends

the Ordinary Resolution as set out in Item No. 5 of this Notice

for approval of the Members.:

Managing Director of the Company:

Mr. C. Sathyan was appointed as a: Managing Director by the Board at its Meeting held on 19.10.2020 for a period of 5 years i.e.,

from 19.10.2020 to 18.10.2025 and ﬁxed his remuneration. Te same was approved by the Members through Postal Ballot on

30.11.2020. Further, considering the contribution of Mr. C. Sathyan and the progress made by the Company under his Managing

Directorship, the Board of Directors at their meeting held on 19th July, 2022, with the recommendation of Nomination and

Remuneration Committee, approved the revision in Gross Salary being paid to Mr. C. Sathyan (DIN: 00012439), with an increase

of `1,42,500 per month (from the existing approved limit of `6,62,500 to `8,05,000 only per month) subject to the approval of

members by way of passing a Special Resolution.

Te Board recommends a Special Resolution as set out at item No.8 of the Notice for approval of members.

Except Mr. C. Sathyan, being the Managing Director to whom the revision in Remuneration is proposed and Mr. R. G.

Chandramogan, being his father, in the capacity of

Managing Director of V.V.V &

Sons Edible Oils Limited possessing the fastest growing oil

brand in India named “Idhayam Mantra” which became the

famous household name. Besides the above, he holds a

Directorship in a Listed Company Tanga Mayil Jewellery

Limited. He holds a Directorship in other Unlisted Companies

viz., Idhayam - G Finance and Investment Services Limited,

Idhayam - G Jagath Nidhi Limited, Virudhunagar Kamaraj

Memorial Software Private Limited and Idhayam Parikshan

Labs Limited. Also, he holds the Directorship in Virudhunagar

Chamber of Commerce and Industry.

Re-appointments

As per the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, Mr. R. G.

Chandramogan, Chairman and Mr. C Sathyan, Managing

Director are liable to retire by rotation at the ensuing Annual

General Meeting and being eligible, oﬀer themselves for

re-appointment. Te Board of Directors recommends their

re- appointment.

Brief Profle of Directors proposed to be Re-appointed:

Mr. R. G. Chandramogan, aged 73 years is the Chairman of

the Company. He has been in the Dairy business for more

than four decades.

In February, 2018, the Indian Dairy Association awarded

Patronship to Mr. R. G. Chandramogan in recognition of

the valuable services rendered by him in furthering the cause

of the Indian Dairy Association and the Dairy Industry,

through planning and development.

Mr. C. Sathyan, aged 43 years is the: Managing Director of

our Company. He was conferred with the title of ‘Doctor of

Letters’ for his entrepreneurship and philanthropy by the

International Tamil University, USA. He has held various

executive positions during his career, spanning over 18 years.

He is in-charge of the day to day operations of our Company.

He is the son of Mr. R. G. Chandramogan, the

Managing Director is responsible for the administration,

interpretation, application and review of this policy. Te: Managing Director is also empowered to bring about necessary

changes to this Policy, if required at any stage with the

concurrence of the Audit Committee. Te mechanism also

provides for access to the

letter of appointment outlining

his/her role, functions, duties and responsibilities as a Director.

Te detailed familiarisation program for Independent Directors is

hosted on the website of the Company and the weblink for the

same is https://www.hap.in/policies.php.

Meeting of Independent Directors:

Te Independent Directors of the Company met on 31.03.2022

without the presence of Chairman,: Managing

Managing Director

Mr. H. Ramachandran,

81,06,776

36.34

6.42

Chief Financial Oﬃcer

Mr. G. Somasundaram,

33,76,811

15.14

6.37

Company Secretary

NAME OF DIRECTOR/KMP

AMOUNT OF

REMUNERATION

PER ANNUM

( in ₹ )

RATIO OF

REMUNERATION TO

MEDIAN REMUNERATION

OF EMPLOYEES FOR THE

FY

% INCREASE IN

REMUNERATION

DURING THE FY

Details required as per Section 197 and Rule 5(1) of Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial

Personnel) Rules, 2014

54 • BOARD’S REPORT

*Retirement beneﬁts like Gratuity not included since the same is not comparable.

PARTICULARS OF EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION

Details as required under Section 197 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 5(2) of the Companies (Appointment and

Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 :

* Te Top Ten Employees do not include Managing/Executive Director and KMPs as their Remuneration details are shown separately

in the Board’s Report.

** Mr. A. Tirunavukkarasu was relieved from the Company on 31.03.2022 upon his resignation.

*** Remuneration paid for a part of the FY 2021-22 (Remuneration paid (i) to Mr. Sayyad Mohammad Ghouse - From

09.08.2021 to 31.03.2022 and (ii) to Mr. S Anand - From 15.10.2021 to 31.03.2022)

(i) Details of the employees employed throughout the year and drawing remuneration which in the aggregate is not less than Rupees

One Crore and Two Lakhs per annum, during the ﬁnancial year. - As shown in the ﬁrst row of the Table above

(ii) Employees employed for a part of the ﬁnancial year, was in receipt of remuneration for any part of that year, which, in the aggregate

exceeds Rupees Eight Lakhs and Fifty Tousand per month, during the ﬁnancial year. - NIL.

(iii) None of the employees except the: Managing

Managing Director, CFO and the

Company Secretary, due to annual increment based on their

performance. Te remuneration for the: Managing Director is

determined by the Shareholders for a deﬁned term as stipulated

under the Companies Act, 2013.

Te compensation decisions are taken after considering at various

levels of the benchmark data and the compensation budget

approved for the ﬁnancial year. Te Nomination and

Remuneration Committee recommends to the Board of

Directors any compensation revision of the Managerial

Personnel. In respect of Whole-time Directors the remuneration

ﬁxed for them is ﬁnally approved by the Shareholders.

Details of pecuniary relationship or transactions of the

non-executive directors vis-à-vis the company

All the Non-Executive Directors are entitled to the Sitting fees of

`50,000 for every board meeting they attend and the Sitting fee

of `10,000 for every committee meeting they attend as Members

of respective committees pursuant to the revision in the sitting

fees approved by the Board at its meeting held on 27th April

2017.

Mr. P. Vaidyanathan, Non-Executive Non Independent Director

held in total 11,99,999 Equity Shares - in the capacity as Karta of

Vaidyanathan P HUF (1,33,333 Equity Shares) and in the

capacity as Karta of Panchapagesan Vaidyanathan S HUF

(10,66,666 Equity Shares) as of 31st March 2022.

Mr. K.S. Tanarajan, Non-Executive Non Independent Director

held 6,45,688 Equity shares as of 31st March 2022.

Other than the Sitting fees, Mr. D. Sathyanarayan, Non-

Executive Non-Independent Director of the Company was paid a

Remuneration for the services rendered by him after obtaining

the approval of the Members by passing a Special Resolution

through Postal Ballot dated 2nd March, 2021. Even though the

approval of Members was obtained by way of passing a Special

Resolution dated 2nd March, 2021 for payment of Remuneration

to Mr. R .G. Chandramogan,

Managing Director

DIN: 00012439

ANNUAL RETURN

As per the MCA Notiﬁcation dated 28th August, 2020 making

an amendment to Rule 12(1) of Te Companies (Management

and Administration) Rules, 2014, a weblink of the Annual

Return is furnished in accordance with sub section (3) of Section

92 of Te Companies Act, 2013 and as prescribed in Form MGT

7 of Te Companies (Management and Administration) Rules,

2014. You may please refer to our Company’s weblink

https://www.hap.in/annual-return.php.

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

As required under Regulation 23 of Securities and Exchange

Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 as amended, the Company has developed a

policy on dealing with Related Party Transactions and such policy

is disclosed on the Company's website. Te weblink for the same

is https://www.hap.in/policies.php

Tere were no related party transactions entered into during the

ﬁnancial year by the company with the Promoters, Key

Managerial Personnel or other designated persons which may

have potential conﬂict with the interest of the company at large

other than the remuneration paid to the Executive Director/s and

Non Executive Director/s and Dividend received by them from

the Company in proportion to the shares held by them, the

transactions with HAP Sports Trust by way of contribution

towards CSR activities and the payment made to Registrar and

Share Transfer Agents.

Te details of Related Party Transactions are provided in the

Notes to the Accounts and AOC-2 forming part of the Director’s

Report – Marked as Annexure G.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Te Company has complied with the corporate governance

requirements under Te Companies Act, 2013 and as stipulated

under Te Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as

amended. A report on Corporate Governance including

Management Discussion and Analysis report under Regulation

34 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 along with a

certiﬁcate from M/s. S Dhanapal & Associates, a ﬁrm of Practising

Company Secretaries, conﬁrming the compliance is annexed

herewith marked as Annexure D and forms part of this report.

CONSERVATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY

ABSORPTION, FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND

OUTGO

Te details on Conservation of energy, technology absorption,

foreign exchange earnings and outgo are annexed herewith as

marked as Annexure F and forms part of this report.

DIRECTOR’S RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT

In terms of Section 134 (5) of the Companies Act, 2013, the

Directors would like to state that:

In the preparation of the annual accounts, the applicable

accounting standards have been followed.

Te Directors have selected such accounting policies and applied

them consistently and made judgments and estimates that were

reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of the

state of aﬀairs of the Company at the end of the ﬁnancial year and

of the proﬁt or loss of the Company for the year under review.:

Managing Director/Whole time

Director /Manager (including Chief Executive Oﬃcer/

Manager, in case they are not part of the board) and shall

speciﬁcally include Company Secretary and Chief Financial

Oﬃcer.

f. “Independent Director” means a director referred to in

Section 149(6) of the Act.

4. Appointment and removal of Directors, KMPs and Senior

Management Personnel:

a. Appointment criteria and qualifcations:

i. Te Committee shall identify and ascertain the integrity,

qualiﬁcation, expertise and experience of the person for

appointment as Director, KMP or Senior Management Personnel

and recommend to the Board his/her appointment.

ii. A person should possess adequate qualiﬁcation, expertise and

experience for the position he/she is considered for appointment.

Te Committee has the discretion to decide whether qualiﬁcations,

expertise and experience possessed by a person is suﬃcient/

satisfactory for the concerned position.

iii. Te Company shall not recommend or appoint or continue

the employment of any person as the: Managing

Managing Director/Whole-time Director:

Te Company shall appoint or re-appoint any person as its: Managing

Managing Director draws or

receives, directly or indirectly, by way of remuneration any such

sums in excess of the limits prescribed under the Act or without

the prior sanction of the Central Government, where required, he

/ she shall refund such sums to the Company and until such sum

is refunded, hold it in trust for the Company. Te Company shall

not waive recovery of such sum refundable to it unless permitted

by the Central Government.

Remuneration to Non-Executive/Independent Director:

1) Remuneration/Commission:

Te remuneration/commission shall be in accordance with the

statutory provisions of the Act and the Rules made there under for

the time being in force.

2) Sitting Fees:

Te Non-Executive/Independent Director may receive

remuneration by way of fees for attending meetings of the Board

or Committee thereof. Provided that the amount of such fees

shall not exceed the maximum amount as provided in the Act, per

meeting of the Board or Committee or such amount as may be

prescribed by the Central Government from time to time.

3) Limit of Remuneration/Commission:

Remuneration/Commission may be paid within the monetary

limit approved by shareholders, subject to the limit not exceeding

the sum computed as per the applicable provisions of the Act /

SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 as amended from time to time.

4) Stock Options:

An Independent Director shall not be entitled to any stock option

of the Company.

iv. Membership:

a) Te Committee shall comprise of at least (3) Directors, all of

whom shall be non- executive Directors and at least half shall

be Independent Directors.

b) Board shall reconstitute the Committee as and when required

to comply with the provisions of the Act and the SEBI Listing

Regulations.

c) Te quorum for the Meeting of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee shall either be two members or

one third of the total strength of the Committee, whichever is

higher (including at least one independent director in

attendance).

d) Membership of the Committee shall be disclosed in the

Annual Report.

e) Term of the Committee shall be continued unless terminated

by the Board of Directors.

v. Chairperson

a.

Chairperson of the Committee shall be an

Independent Director.

b.

Chairperson of the Company may be appointed as a

member of the Committee but shall not be a

Chairman of the Committee.

c.

In the absence of the Chairperson, the members of

the Committee present at the meeting shall choose

one amongst them to act as Chairperson.

d.

Chairman of the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee meeting could be present at the annual

general meeting or may nominate some other

member to answer the shareholders’ queries.

vi. Frequency of Meetings:

Te Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall meet at

least once a year.

vii. Committee members’ interests:

a. A member of the Committee is not entitled to be present

when his or her own remuneration is discussed at a meeting

or when his or her performance is being evaluated.

b. Te Committee may invite such executives, as it considers

appropriate, to be present at the meetings of the Committee.

viii. Secretary:

Te Company Secretary of the Company shall act as Secretary of

the Committee.

ix. Duties of the Nomination& Remuneration Committee

Duties with respect to Nomination:

Te duties of the Committee in relation to nomination

matters include:

• Ensuring that there is an appropriate induction in place for

new Directors and members of Senior Management and

reviewing its eﬀectiveness;

• Ensuring that on appointment to the Board, Independent

Directors receive a formal: letter of appointment in

accordance with the Guidelines provided under the Act;

• Identifying and recommending

Managing Director

(Member)

3. Web-link where Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by the board are disclosed on the

website of the company:

Web Link: https://www.hap.in/policies.php

4. Details of Impact assessment of CSR projects carried out in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 8 of the Companies

(Corporate Social responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014.

- Not applicable during the ﬁnancial year 2021-22.

5. Details of the amount available for set of in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 7 of the Companies

(Corporate Social responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 and amount required for set of for the fnancial year, if any

6. Average net proft of the Company as per Section 135(5)

Annexure – B To Board’s Report

Annual Report on CSR Activities

SI. No. Financial Year

1

2020-21

0.32

0.00

2

2019-20

3.39

0.00

3

2018-19

2.86

0.00

TOTAL

6.57

0.00

Amount available for set-of from

preceding fnancial years (in ₹ Crs)

Amount required to be setof for

the fnancial year, if any (in ₹ Crs)

61 • BOARD’S REPORT

Financial years

Net proft (in Crs)

2020-2021

364.15

2019-2020

156.39

2018-2019

161.18

Average Net Proft

227.24

SI.

No.

Name of Director

1

Mr. S Subramanian Independent Director

2

2

2

Mr. K S Tanarajan Non-Executive

Non-Independent Director

2

2

3

Mr. P Vaidyanathan Non-Executive

Non-Independent Director

2

1

4

Mr. C Sathyan: Managing

Managing Director

DIN: 00012439

Sd/-

S. Subramanian

Chairman of the CSR Committee

DIN: 08341478

b) Details of CSR amount spent in the fnancial year for Ongoing Projects of the preceding fnancial years

Sl.

No

Project ID

Name of

the Project

Financial year in

which the

Project was

commenced

Project

Duration

Total

Amount

allocated

for the

Project

Amount

spent on the

project in

the

reporting

fnancial

year

Cumulative

amount

spent at the

end of

reporting

fnancial

year

Status of the

project

completed /

ongoing

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

64 • BOARD’S REPORT:

letter.

1. Maintenance of Secretarial Record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an

opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2. We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of

the contents of the Secretarial Records. Te veriﬁcation was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reﬂected in

Secretarial Records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3. We have not veriﬁed the correctness and appropriateness of Financial Records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4. Where ever required, we have obtained the Management Representation about the compliance of Laws, Rules and Regulations

and happening of events etc.

5. Te compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable Laws, Rules, Regulations, Standards is the responsibility

of Management. Our examination was limited to the veriﬁcation of procedures on test basis.

6. Te Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the eﬃcacy or eﬀectiveness

with which the management has conducted the aﬀairs of the company.

Place: Chennai

Date: 27th April, 2022

67 • BOARD’S REPORT

Annexure to Secretarial Audit Report

For S DHANAPAL & ASSOCIATES

(A frm of Practicing Company Secretaries)

Peer Review Certifcate No. 1107/2021

Sd/-

S. Dhanapal

(Sr. Partner)

FCS 6881

CP No. 7028

UDIN : F006881D000223108:

Managing Director of the

Company.

4.1.10 “Policy or this Policy” shall mean the Dividend

Distribution Policy.

4.1.11 “SEBI Regulations” shall mean the Securities and

Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 together with the circulars

issued thereunder, including any statutory modiﬁcation(s) or

re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force.

4.2. Interpretation

4.2.1 In this Policy, unless the contrary intention appears:

a. the clause headings are for ease of reference only and shall not

be relevant to interpretation;

b. a reference to a clause number includes a reference to its

sub-clauses;

c. words in singular number include the plural and vice versa;

d. words and expressions used and not deﬁned in this Policy but

deﬁned in Te Companies Act, 2013 or rules made there

under or Te Securities and Exchange Board of India Act,

1992 or Te Regulations made thereunder or Te Depositories

Act, 1996 shall have the meanings respectively assigned to

them in those Acts, Rules and Te Regulations.

70 • BOARD’S REPORT:

Managing Director

(DIN: 00012439)

S.No. Particulars

Year Ended

Year Ended

31st March, 31st March,

2022

2021

73 • BOARD’S REPORT

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

1. Specifc Areas in which R & D is being carried out by the

Company

a) Process Development

(i) Somatic Cell Counter Test is conducted to detect animal

udder health.

(ii) Ensuring accurate and credible testing of Fat / SNF content in

the Milk being supplied by way of installation of Eco Milk

Analyzers at various chilling/collection centres.

(iii) To improve the quality of Ice Creams, IQF has been installed

for quick hardening of Ice creams.

(iv) For Ice Cream Stick Bars and Cakes, World class fruit

preparations, fruit toppings, chocolate toppings and in-house

chocolate coatings recipes have been developed..

(v) New recipes of International Standards for ice creams, sorbets,

yoghurt ice creams and extruded ice cream products are under

process.

b) Ongoing process of Product Diversiﬁcation

c) Constantly upgrading / enhancing Quality of Products to be

on a par with International Standards.

d) Food Safety Assurance: New instruments like 1) ICP-OES

(Inductively Coupled Plasma –Optical Emission Spectroscopy)

is being used for detecting trace metals with a focus on heavy

metals, the control of which will go a long way in assuring

safety of milk & milk Products 2) Similarly, for detecting

traces of major Pesticides and Other harmful volatile

Chemicals in Milk, Milk Products, Water etc., Gas

Chromatography is being used. 3) UV Spectrophotometer

techniques are also used to measure the concentration of

solutes in solution [Eg: Protein, Sugar & Salt concentration in

milk/water etc., and during preparation of Antibiotic kits].

Expenditure incurred on R&D are merged with appropriate

expenditure / capital accounts and not shown separately.

Please refer to the note given below on R&D Expenditure.

2. Benefts derived

Continuous upgradation of the quality of products has resulted in

better acceptance of the products by all classes of consumers.

3. Future plan of action

More importance will be given on product / process development

/ innovation, to bring down cost without compromising on

product quality and to achieve international standards in quality

and taste.

4. Expenditure on R & D*

(a) Capital

: Nil

(b) Recurring

: Nil

(c) Total

: Nil

(d) Total R & D Expenditure as a percentage

of Total Turnover

: Nil

* Te expenditure incurred on R&D are merged with the

appropriate expenditure/capital accounts.

TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION, ADAPTATION AND

INNNOVATION

1. Eforts Made

Te Company has undertaken eﬀorts to absorb the best available

technology for processing of milk and manufacturing milk related

products like replacement of existing reciprocating compressor

with scroll compressor in the refrigeration unit of our Bulk

Coolers, VFD installation for scroll compressor and also energy

purchase from Windmill.

2. Benefts

Absorption of the best technology reﬂects in the Company’s

products, which are clearly diﬀerentiated from its competitors

and its processes that consistently deliver more with less

expenditure. Due to the measures taken above, there were

considerable improvement in compressor eﬃciency coupled with

reduction in power consumption and power cost.

FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO:

Managing Director

(DIN: 00012439)

74 • BOARD’S REPORT:

Managing Director)

MR. K.S. THANARAJAN

(Non Executive Director)

Non-Executive

Non-Independent Director

MR. P. VAIDYANATHAN

(Non Executive Director)

Non-Executive

Non-Independent Director

MR. TAMMINEEDI BALAJI

(Director)

Non-Executive

Independent Director

MR. S. SUBRAMANIAN

(Director)

DR. CHALINI MADHIVANAN

(Woman Director)

MR. D. SATHYANARAYAN

(Non Executive Director)

Non-Executive

Independent Director

Non-Executive

Non-Independent Director

Non-Executive

Independent Director

*MR. V.R.MUTHU

(Director)

Non-Executive

Independent Director

MR. BALASUBRAMANIAN

THENAMUTHAN

(Director)

Non-Executive

Independent Director

NUMBER OF

BOARD MEETINGS

DURING THE YEAR

2021-22

75 • REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

I. COMPANY’S PHILOSOPHY ON CORPORATE

GOVERNANCE

Your Company is committed to the best practices in Corporate

Governance i.e., ensuring ethically driven business process

based on values maximising Shareholder value in a sustainable

way while ensuring fairness to all the Stakeholders, Customers,

Vendors, Employees both permanent and on contract, Dealer

partners, Farmers, Local, State and Central Governments,

Customers and the Society at large. Your Company believes

that, to enhance the value of all the Stakeholders, good

Corporate Governance is essential for achieving long-term

Corporate goals. In this pursuit, Your Company gives

importance to ensuring fairness, transparency and integrity of

the Management, in order to protect the interests of all its

stakeholders.

Your Company’s Board of Directors, Senior Management and

all the employees commit themselves to serve to the best interest

of all the Stakeholders-both individually in their respective

positions in the Organisation and as a Team. Your Board of

Directors perceive their role as trustees to the stakeholders in

particular and the society at large.

Strong leadership and the best Corporate Governance practices

have been the Company’s hallmark. Te Company has adopted

a Code of Conduct for its employees including the Managing

Director as well as for its Non-Executive Directors.

Your Company continues to focus on its resources, strengths

and strategies to achieve its vision of brand building,

maximising stakeholders’ return and developing people to

deliver the same, while upholding the core values of excellence,

integrity, responsibility, unity and understanding, which are

fundamentals to the running of the Company’s business.

Te Governance mechanism cover aspects related to

composition and role of the Board, Chairman and Directors,

Board diversity, deﬁnition of independence, Committees of the

Board and all the aspects required to be covered as per the

Regulations.

REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Tese codes are available on the Company’s website. Your

Company keeps its Corporate Governance policies under

constant review to conform, wherever applicable, with best

practices and principles. Your Company is in compliance with

the requirements of the guidelines on Corporate Governance

stipulated under the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as amended.

II. BOARD OF DIRECTORS

1. As on 31st March, 2022, the Company had Ten Directors

with Five Non-Executive Independent Directors – one among

them was an Independent Woman Director - Four Non-

Executive Non-Independent Directors and one Executive

Director. Te Chairman of the Company is a Non-Executive

Non-Independent Director. Te composition of the Board is in

conformity with Regulation 17 of the Securities and Exchange

Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as amended.

2. Mr. R.G.Chandramogan, Chairman and Mr. C.Sathyan,: Managing Director are relatives in terms of Section 2(77) of the

Companies Act, 2013 read with the relevant Rules made

thereunder. None of the other Directors are related to each

other.

3. None of the Directors holds directorship in more than 7 listed

entities. None of the Independent Directors hold Independent

Directorship in more than 7 listed entities. Whole-time

Director i.e., the Managing Director does not hold directorship

in any other listed entity. None of the Directors on the Board

was a Member in more than 10 committees or acted as

Managing Director on the Board of the Company have

decades of experience in the Dairy business and are eﬀective

in implementation of various strategies and running the

business successfully and consistently. Similarly, the

Non-Executive Directors are Professionals in their respective

areas like Finance, Business, Medicine, Engineering, Media,

Statutory Compliances etc., and are experienced in various

ﬁelds including the dairy industry and contribute their

knowledge for the eﬀective running of the business of the

Company.

5. Te Board met 7 (seven) times during the year and the gap

between any two meetings did not exceed 120 Days. Te said

Meetings were held on 27-Apr-2021, 14-Jul -2021, 18-Oct-

2021, 01-Dec-2021, 20-Jan-2022, 18-Feb-2022 and 09-

Mar -2022. Te necessary quorum was present for all the

meetings.

None of the Non-Executive Directors has any material

pecuniary relationship or transactions with the Company.

Mr. C Sathyan,: Managing Director is the son of Mr. R. G.

Chandramogan, the

Managing Director/Whole-time

Directors:

a) Te Remuneration/Commission etc. to be paid to Managing

Director/Whole-time Directors shall be governed as per

the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules

made there under and SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015

as amended or any other enactment for the time being in

force and the approvals obtained from the Members of

the Company.

b) Te Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall

make such recommendations to the Board of Directors,

as it may consider appropriate with regard to remuneration

to: Managing Director/Whole-time Directors.

2) Remuneration to Non-Executive/Independent Directors:

a) Te Non-Executive/Independent Directors may receive

sitting fees and such other remuneration as permissible

under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and

SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 as amended. Te amount

of sitting fees shall be an amount as may be recommended by

the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and

approved by the Board of Directors.

b) All the remuneration of the Non-Executive/Independent

Directors (excluding remuneration for attending meetings as

prescribed under Section 197 (5) of the Companies Act,

2013) shall be subject to ceiling/limits as provided under

Te Companies Act, 2013 and rules made there under

and SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 as amended or any

other enactment for the time being in force. Te amount

of such remuneration shall be an amount as may be

recommended by the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee and approved by the Board of Directors or

shareholders, as the case may be.

c) An Independent Director shall not be eligible to get

Stock Options and also shall not be eligible to participate

in any share based payment schemes of the Company.

d) Any remuneration paid to Non-Executive/Independent

Directors for services rendered which are of professional

in nature shall not be considered as part of the

remuneration for the purposes of clause (b) above if the

following conditions are satisﬁed:

i) Te Services are rendered by such Director in his capacity

as a professional; and

ii) In the opinion of the Committee, the director possesses

the requisite qualiﬁcation for the practice of that profession.

Detailed Remuneration Policy of the Company is attached

with Board’s Report and the same can be referred in this

regard.

BOARD CONFIRMATION ON THE INDEPENDENCE

OF INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS:

Te Board of Directors of the Company do hereby conﬁrm

that, in the opinion of the Board, the Independent Directors

of the Company fulﬁl the conditions speciﬁed under SEBI

(LODR) Regulations, 2015 as amended and they are

independent of the Management.

V. STAKEHOLDERS’ RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE:

Te Company has a Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee

of the Board of Directors to look into various aspects of

interest of Shareholders including the redressal of complaints

of shareholders’/investors’ such as transfer or credit of shares,

non-receipt of dividend/notices/annual reports, review of

and eﬀective exercise of voting rights by Members, adherence to

service standards ﬁxed by the Company by the RTAs, initiatives

taken by the Company for timely receipt of dividend, annual

reports, reduction in unclaimed dividend etc.,

At present, the Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee comprises

of Six Members-four Non-Executive Independent Directors and

two Non-Executive Non-Independent Directors.

Te

Managing Director (Member)

Mr. S. Subramanian

– Independent Director (Member)

– Inducted to the Committee on 14-Jul-21

Te Committee has been formed to assess the risks

associated with the operations of the Company, to

implement measures to minimise the risk and to monitor the

risk management plan of the Company.

During the year, the Committee met on 18-Oct-21 and

20-Jan-22.:

Managing Director

was initially ﬁxed as eﬀective from 1st April 2020 as per

Regulation 17(1B) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. In

accordance with the above said Regulation, the Company

complied with the requirement by appointing a Non-

Executive Director Shri K. S. Tanarajan as Chairman of the

Board w.e.f., 21.06.2019. Even though the relaxation in this

regard was announced later by SEBI vide its Notiﬁcation

dated 10th January, 2020, deferring the implementation of

the above mentioned provision relating to separation of roles

of Chairman and: Managing Director by two years i.e., 1st

April, 2022, the Company was already compliant in this

regard. However, after the relaxation announced by SEBI, at

the Board Meeting held on 19.10.2020, Mr. K. S. Tanarajan,

who was appointed as Non-Executive

Managing Director has aﬃrmed to the Board that this

Code of Conduct has been complied with by all the Board

Members and Senior Management Personnel.

Code for Prevention of Insider Trading Practices

Te SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations,

2015 as amended from time to time, provides for governing

the conduct of insiders, connected persons and persons who

are deemed to be connected persons on matters relating to

Insider Trading.

Regulation 9 (1) contained under Chapter IV of the

amended SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations,

2015 mandates listed companies and Board of Directors or

head(s) of the Organisation of every intermediary to

formulate a Code of Conduct (hereinafter referred to as

“Code”) to regulate, monitor and report trading by its

designated persons and immediate relatives of designated

persons towards achieving compliance with these regulations

adopting the minimum standards as set out in the

Regulations.

Te amended SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading)

Regulations, 2015 (“Regulations’) was eﬀective from 17th

July, 2020 to all the Designated Persons viz., Promoters,

Directors,KMPs, Employees as speciﬁed and Connected

Persons and their Immediate Relatives and extends to all

activities within and outside an individual’s duties at the

Company.

In compliance with the above SEBI regulation on Prevention

of Insider Trading, the Company has instituted a

comprehensive code of conduct and Code of Practices and

Procedures for Fair Disclosure of Unpublished Price

Sensitive Information for its management and staﬀ. Te

code lays down guidelines, which advises them on

procedures to be followed and disclosures to be made, while

dealing with shares of the Company and cautioning them of

the consequences of violations. Dealing in Company’s shares

by the Board Members and Senior Management Personnel

have been reported to the Committee periodically.

Policy on determining Material Subsidiaries:

Te Company does not have any Subsidiary and hence there

is no Policy for determining "Material Subsidiaries"

Disclosure of Commodity Price Risks and Commodity

Hedging activities:

For details, please refer to Note No.39 of Notes to Financial

Statements for the FY ended 31st March, 2022.

Details of utilisation of funds raised through Preferential

Allotment or Qualifed Institutional Placement as specifed

under Regulation:

Not Applicable for the FY 2021 - 2022.

Disclosure of "Loans and Advances in the nature of Loans

to Firms/Companies in which Directors are interested by

name and amount:

Not Applicable.

Te Company is Not a Large Corporate as per the criteria

speciﬁed under SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/DDHS/CIR/P

/2018/144 dated 26.11.2018

89 • REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Disclosure of accounting treatment in preparation of

fnancial statements

Te Company has followed the guidelines of accounting

standards laid down by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of

India (ICAI) in preparation of its ﬁnancial statements.

CEO&CFO Certifcation

CEO and CFO certiﬁcation on the ﬁnancial statements and

the cash ﬂow statement for the year is enclosed and forms

part of this report.

X. MEANS OF COMMUNICATION

Te Company has its own website and all vital information

relating to the Company, including oﬃcial news releases and its

performance including quarterly results, quarterly shareholding

pattern etc., are posted on the website as per details furnished

below:

Financial Results -

https://www.hap.in/ﬁnancial-results.php

Shareholding Pattern -

https://www.hap.in/shareholding-pattern.php

Te quarterly, half-yearly and annual ﬁnancial results of the

Company are published in leading English and Vernacular

newspapers like Te Financial Express (English - All India

edition) and Te Makkal Kural (Tamil - Regional).

No separate presentations were made to institutional

investors or to the analysts.

A Management Discussion and Analysis Report have been

included and forms part of this Annual Report.

Te Company has no subsidiaries.

Te Business Responsibility Report has been included and

forms part of this Annual Report.

Te Company did not raise any funds through preferential

allotment or qualiﬁed institutions placement during the year.

During the ﬁnancial year, there were no instances where the

board had not accepted any recommendation of any

committee of the board which is mandatorily required.

XI. GENERAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION

Annual General Meeting (AGM)

Te General Circular No. 2/2022 dated 05th May, 2022

issued by the Ministry of Corporate Aﬀairs (MCA) gives

clariﬁcation on holding the Annual General Meeting of the

Company due for the year 2022, through Video

Conferencing (VC) or Other Audio Visual Means. Based on

the above , the Company has decided to conduct the 37th

AGM through Video Conferencing (VC) or Other Audio

Visual Means as per the Circulars issued by the Ministry of

Corporate Aﬀairs namely Circular 20/2020 dated 5th May,

2020,Circular 39/2020 dated 31st December, 2020 and

Circular 02/2021 dated 13th January, 2021, by the Securities

and Exchange Board of India vide its Circular No.

SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2020/79 dated 12th May,

2020 and Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD2/ CIR/P/

2021/11dated 15th January 2021 interalia, permitting conduct

of Annual General Meeting through VC/OAVM facility.:

Managing Director

DIN: 00012439

95 • REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE:

Managing Director and H. Ramachandran, Chief Financial Officer of Hatsun Agro Product Limited hereby certify that:

1. We have reviewed the Audited financial statements for the quarter and year ended 31st March 2022 and that to the best of our

knowledge and belief:

a) these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements that

might be misleading;

b) these statements together present a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company and of the results of operations

and cash flows. The financial statements have been prepared in conformity in all material respects, with the existing generally

accepted accounting principles, including accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.

2. There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the year which are

fraudulent, illegal or isolative of the Company’s code of conduct.

3. We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that we have evaluated

the effectiveness of internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting and we have disclosed to the

auditors and the audit committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls, if any, of which we are aware

and the steps we have taken or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies.

4. We have indicated to the Auditors and the Audit Committee:

a)significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year;

b)significant changes in accounting policies during the year and that the same have been disclosed in the notes to the financial

statements; and

c)instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of the management or

other employees having a significant role in the Company’s internal control system over financial reporting.

However during the year, there were no such changes or any such instances.

Sd/-

Sd/-

C Sathyan

H. Ramachandran: Managing

Managing Director

Telephone number

91 044 24501622

e-mail id

sathyan@hap.in

Details

Particulars

Details

https://www.hap.in/pdf/policies/brr-policies.pdf

107 • BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORT:

Managing Director

Sd/-

Sd/-

H. Ramachandran

G. Somasundaram

Chief Financial Oﬃcer

Company Secretary

Place: Chennai

Place: Chennai

Date: April 27, 2022

Date: April 27, 2022

AS AT

MARCH 31, 2022

AS AT

MARCH 31, 2021

NOTES

PARTICULARS

(iii) Trade payables - Total outstanding dues of:

18

• Micro Enterprises and Small Enterprises

25.04

17.27

• Creditors other than Micro Enterprises and

Small Enterprises

14,634.29

13,984.55

(iv) Other Financial liabilities

19

19,978.05

19,325.43

(b) Provisions

20

1,733.73

1,227.69

(c) Current tax liabilities

20A

-

360.30

(d) Other current liabilities

21

6,435.99

4,369.50

Total Current Liabilities

1,42,009.55

1,33,742.46

Total Equity and Liabilities

3,54,166.65

3,11,703.26

BALANCE SHEET AS AT MARCH 31, 2022

(All amounts in INR Lakhs except for share data or as otherwise stated)

121 • BALANCE SHEET:

Managing Director

Sd/-

Sd/-

H. Ramachandran

G. Somasundaram

Chief Financial Oﬃcer

Company Secretary

Place: Chennai

Place: Chennai

Date: April 27, 2022

Date: April 27, 2022

(ii) Items to be reclassiﬁed to

proﬁt or loss in subsequent periods:

Net movement in cash ﬂow hedges - loss/(gain)

(40.06)

(135.45)

Income tax eﬀect

13.99

47.33

Net items to be reclassiﬁed to proﬁt

or loss in subsequent periods

(26.07)

(88.12)

(XIII) Total other comprehensive

income for the year, net of tax

131.64

(1.06)

(XIV) Total comprehensive income for the year

21,659.30

24,636.12

(XV) Earnings Per Equity Share Rs. 1/- each fully paid

(March 31, 2021: Rs. 1/- each fully paid)

for continuing operations

Computed on the basis of total proﬁt for the year

Basic (Rs.)

11.46

12.69

Diluted (Rs.)

11.46

12.69

(XVI) Earnings Per Equity Share Rs. 1/- each fully paid

(March 31, 2021: Rs. 1/- each fully paid)

for discontinued operation

Computed on the basis of total proﬁt for the year

Basic (Rs.)

(1.41)

(1.26)

Diluted (Rs.)

(1.41)

(1.26)

(XVII) Earnings Per Equity Share Rs. 1/- each fully paid

(March 31, 2021:Rs. 1/- each fully paid) for continuing and

discontinued operation

Computed on the basis of total proﬁt for the year

Basic (Rs.)

10.05

11.43

Diluted (Rs.)

10.05

11.43

FOR THE

YEAR ENDED

MARCH 31, 2022

FOR THE

YEAR ENDED

MARCH 31, 2021

NOTES

31

PARTICULARS:

Managing Director

Sd/-

Sd/-

H. Ramachandran

G. Somasundaram

Chief Financial Oﬃcer

Company Secretary

Place: Chennai

Place: Chennai

Date: April 27, 2022

Date: April 27, 2022:

Managing Director

Sd/-

Sd/-

H. Ramachandran

G. Somasundaram

Chief Financial Oﬃcer

Company Secretary

Place: Chennai

Place: Chennai

Date: April 27, 2022

Date: April 27, 2022

Year

Balance at

the beginning

of the year

Changes in

Equity Share

Capital due to

Prior period errors

Restated balance

at the beginning

of the reporting

period

Changes in

Equity during

the year

Balance at the

end of the

reporting year

2020 - 21

1,617.11

-

1,617.11

538.91

2,156.02

2021 - 22

2,156.02

-

2,156.02

-

2,156.02:

Managing Director.

Interest rate on secured short term loans ranged from 4.05% to 7.40% (March 31, 2021 - 5.75% to 8.25%) during the year.

Unsecured short term loans obtained from various bank carries an interest rate ranging from 3.83% to 9.60% (March 31,2021 -

5.80% to 8.20% ) during the current year

Te Company had not committed any default in the repayment of loan or payment of interest.

146 • NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2022

(All amounts in INR Lakhs except for share data or as otherwise stated):

Managing Director

143,231.51

141,705.63

6) Bonus shares

Mr. R. G. Chandramogan

-

305.61

Mr. C. Sathyan

-

52.74

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2022

(All amounts in INR Lakhs except for share data or as otherwise stated)

163 • NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

39. Hedging Activities And Derivatives

Te Company uses foreign currency denominated borrowings and interest rate swap contracts to manage some of its transaction

exposures. Te interest rate swap contracts are designated as cash ﬂow hedges and are entered into for periods consistent with

foreign currency exposure of the underlying transactions.

a) Te year end foreign currency exposures that have not been hedged by a derivative instrument or otherwise are as under:

Particulars

Amount

In Foreign

Currency

Amount

In Rs.

Conversion

Rate

March 31, 2022

Currency

Amount

In Foreign

Currency

Amount

In Rs.

Conversion

Rate

March 31, 2021

Trade receivables

USD

0.00

0.15

75.67

0.25

18.49

73.20

Trade payables

USD

1.39

104.88

75.67

1.96

144.05

73.60

EUR

0.02

1.34

84.48

-

-

-

Capital Creditors

Payable

USD

0.61

46.27

75.67

-

-

-

EUR

20.43

1,726.06

84.48

20.47

1,825.78

89.19

Trade Advance

to Suppliers

USD

0.05

4.08

75.67

0.18

13.47

73.60

EUR

0.26

21.91

84.48

0.68

60.81

89.19

Trade Advance from customers

USD

0.46

34.60

75.67

-

-

-:

Managing Director

Sd/-

Sd/-

H. Ramachandran

G. Somasundaram

Chief Financial Oﬃcer

Company Secretary

Place: Chennai

Place: Chennai

Date: April 27, 2022

Date: April 27, 2022

Contribution towards promotion of

education ,sport and support infrastructure

activities related development activities

924.06

299.00:

