Chairman's Statement

10

Chief Executive Officer and: Managing

Dear Shareholders,

We live in a volatile world. We witnessed a

devastating pandemic that brought into

sharper focus challenges such as climate

change and social inequity. We also saw

unprecedented volatility in the business

environment and geopolitical tensions between

nations. Amid this tumultuous phase, society

continued to look up to businesses to help build

a sustainable, equitable and fair future.

Hindustan Unilever Limited, a Company that

reaches 9 out of 10 Indian households with its

brands, can help address the evolving needs of

the Indian consumer and create a bright future.

The India FMCG landscape

India remains one of the fastest growing Fast

Moving Consumer Goods (FMCG) markets.

However, the high inflation in recent times has

led to a marked slowdown in growth rates.

The recent slowdown notwithstanding, the

penetration of FMCG products both in urban

and rural India, provides significant headroom

for growth. More people entering the middle class, a large working

population, increasing nuclear family structures, urbanisation

and rapid adoption of technology, all bode well for FMCG growth

in the country.

The Indian consumer is evolving rapidly. The pandemic has

accelerated several trends that will continue to have far-reaching

effects on the Indian consumer - an increased affinity towards

holistic health and wellbeing, a massive shift in the adoption of

digital technology and importantly, a heightened consciousness

amongst consumers on sustainability and social equity. The Indian

consumer is increasingly choosing superior products and brands

that are also good for the people and the planet.

HUL – creating a future-fit business

At Hindustan Unilever, we pride ourselves on understanding and

serving the needs of people. The last two years of the pandemic

had a significant impact on the nation and its citizens. At the

same time, we believe that it has made us an even more agile and

resilient organisation. We have been taking several actions to

help us stay relevant in an increasingly volatile and challenging

business environment.

Embedding technology to build an intelligent enterprise

India has nearly 800 million internet users and has the highest

mobile data consumption per user in the world. Rapid digitisation

has transformed the market across sectors, and winning in the

future will require businesses to adopt digital capabilities across

the value chain.

At HUL, we identified the digital opportunity early on, and have been

leading a technology-based agenda ‘Reimagine HUL’ for several

years now. This agenda is about leveraging data, harnessing the

latest technologies, and emerging business models to redefine how

we engage with consumers, customers, and the way we operate.

Our strong technology backbone made a substantial difference

during the pandemic, helping the business navigate challenges with

enhanced speed and agility.

We are now on a journey to build an intelligent enterprise that will

enable us to create a tech-powered and human-centric solution that

fits the complexity of the business and emerging consumer needs.

This will enable our core business to become smarter and more

efficient through data-led and machine-augmented processes,

create platforms and ecosystems that will help deliver differentiated

customer and consumer value, and help build a value chain that

delivers the scale and efficiency of the large but acts with the

nimbleness and agility of the small.

Preparing to serve consumers of the future

At HUL, we pride ourselves on our ability to address the needs

of every single Indian across the socio-economic pyramid, while

also anticipating and building

markets of the future.

Over the last decade, we have

launched several products delivering

higher-order benefits, such as

liquid detergents, salon-like hair

solutions, advanced skincare and

cosmetic products, meal-makers

and green tea for health-conscious

consumers, amongst others. Faced

with a growing consumer need for

health, hygiene and sanitation during

the pandemic, we innovated with

speed and launched several new

products such as fabric sanitiser, fruit

and vegetable wash, anti-bacterial

dishwash and even an entire range of

dishwasher detergent.

We are creating a portfolio that

caters to the evolving consumer.

For instance, we have expanded

our Nutrition portfolio with a ‘High

Science’ range that addresses

specific nutritional needs – such as

Horlicks Diabetes Plus for diabetics

and Horlicks Mothers Plus for

nursing mothers.

Leading social and

environmental change

At Hindustan Unilever, we have

always strived to grow our business

while protecting the planet and

doing good for the people. We

believe that to generate superior

long-term value, we need to care for

all our stakeholders – our consumers,

customers, employees, shareholders

and above all, the planet and society.

We call it the multistakeholder model

of sustainable growth. With more

people entering the consumption

cycle and adding to the pressure on

natural resources, it will become even

more important to decouple growth

from environmental impact and drive

positive social change.

The Unilever Compass is our fully

integrated business strategy

that lays the pathway for us to

deliver superior value to all our

stakeholders and at the same

time, realise our vision of being

the leader in sustainable business.

Translating the Compass into action

are multi-year commitments in the

areas of environment, social equity

and governance.

In India, we have made significant

progress against our commitments.

We have already become a plastic

neutral business. Water is another

area of focus for us. Along with

partners, Hindustan Unilever

Foundation (HUF), has created a

cumulative and collective water

potential of over 1.9 trillion litres that

is equal to the drinking water needs

of India’s entire population for a year.

Another key commitment that we

have made is to build more resilient

and equitable communities by raising

living standards, advancing equity,

diversity and inclusion and preparing

people for the future of work. As part

of this, we will ensure that everyone

who directly provides goods and

services to the Company will earn at

least a living wage or income by 2030.

We believe that we can help raise

standards of living for not only those

who work with us but also impact the

communities where we operate. Our

‘Shakti Ammas’ are a classic example.

We have empowered over 1.6 lakh

women in rural India to become Shakti

entrepreneurs. The project helps

them generate income for themselves

and also cater to the needs of their

communities. Our purpose-driven

brands such as Dove through its

#StopTheBeautyTest or Brooke Bond

Red Label through the 6-pack-band,

have been campaigning for a fairer,

more inclusive society.

Integrity and good governance

The future will also necessitate a

paradigm shift in the way businesses

are governed. Corporations are

increasingly being evaluated

on environmental and social

metrics, as well as on their

corporate governance.

William Hesketh Lever, at the very

inception of Unilever, had said,

“I believe that nothing can be greater

than a business, however small it may

be, that is governed by conscience;

and that nothing can be meaner

or more petty than a business,

however large, governed without

honesty and without brotherhood.”

At HUL, responsible corporate

conduct is integral to the way we

do our business. Our actions are

governed by our values and principles

which are reinforced at all levels

within the Company.

The responsibility for the governance

of the Company lies with the Board,

and Independent Directors oversee

crucial processes. In HUL, all our

Board committees except one, are

chaired by the Independent Directors.

For years now, we have had a

Board composition which has more

Independent Directors than Whole

Time Directors, a reflection of our

governance-led approach.

We are committed to doing things

the right way, which includes taking

business decisions and acting in ways

that are ethical and in compliance

with applicable legislation. This is

our road to consistent, competitive,

profitable, and responsible growth

and to creating long-term value for

our shareholders, our people, and our

business partners.

I would like to thank you, our

shareholders, for your continued

support and trust in Hindustan

Unilever Limited.

Regards,

Nitin Paranjpe

Chairman

8

9

Hindustan Unilever Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

Overview

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director’s Statement: Dear Shareholders,

The year 2021-22 was yet another challenging

year for all of us. The severe second wave

of the Covid-19 pandemic had a significant

humanitarian and economic impact.

We witnessed socio-political unrest in several

parts of the world, resulting in the disruption

of global supply chains and unprecedented

volatility in commodity costs. In this uncertain

operating environment, our focus remained on

the health and safety of our people, ensuring

uninterrupted supply of our products, meeting

the evolving demand of our consumers,

caring for the communities, safeguarding

the environment and protecting our

business model.

Against this challenging backdrop, our

robust results for the financial year 2021-22

demonstrate strategic clarity, strength of our

brands, our execution prowess and agility.

I am very happy to report that we have crossed

the 50,000 crores turnover mark in this fiscal,

with our turnover at `50,336 crores. Our turnover

growth at 11% and underlying volume growth at

3% was significantly ahead of the market. More

than 75% of our business is winning both value

and volume market shares. Our market share

gain this year was the highest that we have had

in more than a decade. EBITDA margin remained

healthy at 24.8%, 20bps lower than the financial year 2020-21. PAT at

`8,818 crores was up 11%. Our track record of strong cash generation

continued in the year. The Board of

Managing Director

Mr. Ritesh Tiwari

Executive Director,

Finance & IT and Chief Financial Officer

Mr. Dev Bajpai

Executive Director, Legal & Corporate

Affairs and Company Secretary

Mr. Wilhelmus Uijen

Executive Director,

Supply Chain

Ms. Priya Nair

Executive Director,

Beauty & Personal Care

Executive Director,

Foods and Refreshment

Mr. Srinandan Sundaram

Ms. Anuradha Razdan

Executive Director,

Human Resources

Dr. Vibhav Sanzgiri

Executive Director,

Research and Development

Ms. Prabha Narasimhan

Executive Director,

Home Care

Mr. Kedar Lele

Executive Director,

Customer Development

C Chairman

M Member

Audit Committee

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

Risk Management Committee*

Nomination and Remuneration Committee

Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee

Note - Mr. Dev Bajpai acts as the Secretary to all Committees of the Board.

*Mr. Ravishankar A, Group Controller is a member of Risk Management Committee.

Mr. Sanjiv Mehta

C M M

Chief Executive Officer and: Managing

Managing Director, Sanjiv Mehta

was conferred with the Business

Today MindRush 2021 Award for

Best CEO – Medium Company

Our Executive Director, Beauty

and Personal Care, Priya Nair,

was recognised in Fortune

India’s ‘Most Powerful Women in

Business’ 2021 list

HUL was recognised as

a champion in Leading

Practices in Pandemic

Response at the PeopleFirst HR

Excellence Awards 2021

Lifebuoy’s ‘Hackwashing’

campaign won a Cannes

Bronze Lion Award

HUL’s factory in

Dapada recognised by

World Economic Forum

as ‘Advanced 4th

Industrial lighthouse’

HUL won PeopleStrong’s

New Code of

Work Award 2021

Segmental Revenue (%)

Home Care

30%

Beauty & Personal Care

39%

Foods & Refreshment

29%

Others

2%

Revenue

EBIT

(` in crores)

Statement of Profit & Loss Account

2021-22

2020-21

2019-20

Turnover

50,336

45,311

38,273

Other Income (includes other operating income)

1,250

1,198

1,245

Finance Cost

(98)

(108)

(106)

Earnings Before Interest and Taxes (EBIT)

11,478

10,312

8,667

Profit Before Taxation

11,773

10,717

9,289

Profit After Taxation (PAT)

8,818

7,954

6,738

Earnings Per Share

37.53

33.85

31.13

Dividend Per Share

34.00

40.50+

25.00

+ includes Special Dividend

(` in crores)

Balance Sheet

2021-22

2020-21

2019-20

Property, Plant and Equipment

6,714

6,409

5,138

Intangible Assets

45,221

45,241

431

Other Assets

17,802

16,466

14,033

Total Assets

69,737

68,116

19,602

Share Capital

235

235

216

Other Equity

48,525

47,199

7,815

Other Liabilities

20,977

20,682

11,571

Total Equity and Liabilities

69,737

68,116

19,602

Key Ratios and EVA

2021-22

2020-21

2019-20

EBITDA (% of Turnover)

24.8

25.0

25.1

Fixed Asset Turnover (No. of Times)

1.0

0.9

6.9

PAT/Turnover (%)

17.5

17.6

17.6

Return on Capital Employed (%)

107.8

113.0

103.4

Operating profit margin (%)

22.8

22.8

22.6

Economic Value Added (EVA) (₹ crores)

4,435

3,810*

6,085

*Opening balances adjusted for GSK CH merger

Others

2021-22

2020-21

2019-20

HUL Share Price on BSE (Per Share of ₹1)*

2,049

2,431

2,298

Market Capitalisation (₹ crores)

4,81,396

5,71,133

4,97,514

*Based on year-end closing prices quoted on BSE Limited

HUL won AIMA’s 8th Business

Responsibility Summit & Project

Excellence Contest & Awards in the

Covid-19 category

No. 1 Employer

across sectors as per

InsideIIM’s 2021 brand

perception study

14

15

Hindustan Unilever Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

Overview

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer,

Audit Committee, Risk Management Committee.

For each of our principal risks we have a risk management

framework detailing the internal controls we have in place

and who is responsible for managing both the overall risk and

the individual controls mitigating that risk. Our assessment

of risk considers short and long term as well as internal and

external risks including financial, operational, sectoral,

sustainability (particularly Environment, Social and

Governance related risks), information, cyber security, legal

& compliance and any other risks as may be determined by

the Company Leadership teams. How the identified risks

are changing as well as emerging risk areas are reviewed

on an ongoing basis, and formally by Risk Management

Committee and the Board at least twice a year.

Processes

HUL engages in a wide range of processes and activities

across all its operations covering strategy, planning,

execution and performance management. Risk

management is integrated into every stage of this business

cycle. These procedures are formalised and documented

and are increasingly being centralised and automated into

transactional and other information technology systems.

Risk and Internal Adequacy

The Board advised by the Risk Management Committee,

where appropriate, regularly reviews the significant

risks and decisions that could have a material impact on

HUL. These reviews consider the level of risk that HUL is

prepared to take in pursuit of the business strategy and

the effectiveness of the management controls in place to

mitigate the risk exposure.

The Company’s internal control systems are commensurate

with the nature of its business and the size and complexity

of its operations. These are routinely tested and certified

by Statutory as well as Internal Auditors and cover all

offices, factories and key business areas. Significant audit

observations and follow up actions thereon are reported

to the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee reviews

adequacy and effectiveness of the Company’s internal

controls environment and monitors the implementation

of audit recommendations, including those relating

to strengthening of the Company’s risk management

policies and systems.

Principal risks

In the following pages we have identified the risks that we

regard as the most relevant to our business. These are the

risks that we see as most material to HUL’s business and

performance at this time. There may be other risks that

could emerge in the future.

Our principal risks have not changed this year. However

the Macro economic and Geopolitical movements, rapidly

evolving business transformation, heightened ESG focus

and increasing vulnerability of systems and information

have accentuated the risks in these areas. Much of

our risk mitigation focus during the year has been on

managing these risks.

Key areas where we believe there is an increased level

of risk compared to last year are as under–

1.

Macro-economic and geopolitical volatility

Heightened risk due to inflationary and supply chain

pressures, geopolitical and Covid-19 uncertainties.

2.

Systems & Information

Greater exposure to Cyber risks with increased

digitisation of business and the cyber attacks being

increasingly active and sophisticated.

Report of Board of Directors

and Management Discussion and Analysis

3.

Rapidly changing Business Models

Rapidly evolving consumer behaviour, new-demand

spaces and changing shopping habits; Transforming

retail channel landscape; Pandemic accelerated

reconfiguration of work protocols-hybrid models;

Heightened ESG focus.

The potential impact and likelihood of certain principal

risks remain heightened due to the Covid-19 pandemic.

These risks are the safety and wellbeing of our employees

and the extended value chain, continuity of operations,

and IT availability.

We regularly review our risk areas and the Company

leadership retains the responsibility for determining the

nature and extent of significant risks and drawing out

commensurate mitigation plans. We identify the most

relevant risks for our business and reflect on whether the

level of risk associated with each of our principal risks is

increasing or decreasing.

We set out below our principal risks, certain mitigating

actions that we believe help us to manage our risks and the

increase/decrease corresponding to each of the these.

Risk

Risk Description

Management of Risk

Level of risk

Brand

preference

Our success depends on the value and relevance

of our brands and products to our consumers

and on our ability to innovate and remain

competitive.

Consumer tastes, preferences and behaviours

are changing more rapidly than ever before. We

see a growing trend for consumers preferring

brands which both meet their functional needs

and have an explicit social or environmental

purpose. Under indexation of product portfolio

in segments where substantial market is moving

to, may lead to loss of market share and long-

term competitive disadvantage. Our ability to

create innovative products that continue meeting

the needs of consumers and deploy the right

communication, both in terms of messaging

content and medium is critical to the continued

strength of our brands.

The Covid-19 pandemic has driven significant

changes in consumer habits and demands

which requires rapid evolution of portfolio and

continued innovations to remain relevant and

competitive.

Your Company monitors external market trends

and collates consumer, customer and shopper

insights in order to develop category and brand

strategies. We invest in markets and segments

where we have built, or are confident that we can

build, competitive advantage.

Our R&D function actively identifies ways to

translate trends in consumer preferences into new

technologies for incorporation in future products.

Our innovation management process converts

category strategies into projects which deliver

new products to market. We develop product

ideas both in-house and with selected partners

to enable us to respond to rapidly changing

consumer trends with speed.

Our brand communication strategies are

designed to optimise digital communication

opportunities. We develop and customise brand

messaging content specifically for each of our

chosen communication channels (both traditional

and digital) to ensure that our brand messages

reach our target consumers. Our brand teams

are driving social purpose into their brand’s

proposition and communications.

No Change

Legal &

Regulatory

Compliance with laws and regulations is an

essential part of HUL’s business operations.

Proliferation or instability in regulatory policies

related to levy of direct/indirect taxes, data

privacy, corporate governance, listing &

disclosure, food quality compliance, labour laws,

consumer communications, imports among

others, may lead to adverse impact on growth

and profitability and increased exposure to civil

and/or criminal actions leading to damages,

fines and criminal sanctions against us and/or

our employees with possible consequences for

our corporate reputation. Changes to laws and

regulations could have a material impact on the

cost of doing business.

HUL is committed to complying with the laws and

regulations of the country. In specialist areas, the

relevant teams are responsible for setting detailed

standards and ensuring that all employees are

aware of and comply with regulations and laws

specific and relevant to their roles. Our legal and

regulatory specialists are involved in monitoring

and reviewing our practices to provide reasonable

assurance that we remain aware of and are in line

with all relevant laws and legal obligations.

No Change

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director of the

Company with effect from 31st March, 2022. The Board of

Directors had expressed their deep sense of appreciation

and gratitude to Mr. Sanjiv Mehta for the immense

contribution made by him as Chairman of the Board and

the Company and the manner in which he had led the

Board and the Company.

Members at the 83rd Annual General Meeting of the

Company held on 30th June, 2017 had approved the

appointment of Mr. Dev Bajpai (DIN: 00050516), as

the Whole-time Director of the Company for a period

of five years with effect from 23rd January, 2017 till

22nd January, 2022. The Board of Directors had based on

the recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration

Committee and subject to approval of the Members,

approved the re-appointment of Mr. Dev Bajpai, as a

Whole-time Director and Company Secretary of the

Company for a further period of 5 years, with effect from

23rd January, 2022 to 22nd January, 2027.

The Company has received approval of the Members of

the Company on 16th April, 2022 through Postal Ballot

for appointment of Mr. Nitin Paranjpe as Non-Executive

Director and re-appointment of Mr. Dev Bajpai as a

Whole-time Director.

As per the provisions of the Act, the Independent Directors

are not liable to retire by rotation. The Independent

Directors of your Company have given the certificate

of independence to your Company stating that they

meet the criteria of independence as mentioned under

Section 149(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Listing

Regulations. All other Directors, except the Managing

Director, will retire at the ensuing Annual General Meeting

and being eligible, offer themselves for re-election.

The details of training and familiarisation programme and

Annual Board Evaluation process for Directors have been

provided in the Corporate Governance Report. The policy

on Director’s appointment and remuneration including

criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes,

independence of Director, and also remuneration for key

managerial personnel and other employees, forms part of

the Corporate Governance Report of this Annual Report.

During the year, five meetings of the Board of Directors

were held. The details of meetings held and Director’s

attendance are provided in the Corporate Governance

Report, which forms part of this Integrated Annual Report.

Management Committee

The day-to-day management of the Company is vested

with the Management Committee, which is subjected

to the overall supervision and control of the Board. The

Management Committee is headed by the Chief Executive

Officer and: Managing

Managing Director

179.61

Refer note iv.

2

Ritesh Tiwari

Executive Director, Finance & IT

and Chief Financial Officer

53.07

3

Dev Bajpai

Executive Director, Legal & Corporate Affairs

and Company Secretary

65.54

4

Wilhelmus Uijen

Executive Director, Supply Chain

93.66

ii.

The percentage increase in the median remuneration of Employees for the financial year was 3.3%.

iii.

The Company has 8,480* permanent Employees on the rolls of Company as on 31st March, 2022.

iv.

Average increase made in the salaries of Employees other than the managerial personnel in the financial year

was ~8%. In a post pandemic world, the work force dynamics and employee preferences are changing rapidly

with companies facing a very competitive talent market. HUL has taken proactive reward and career related

measures to ensure our talent feels valued and maintain our competitiveness. The Board of Directors based on

the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, has provided an increase of 8% in salary

and allowances for Mr. Ritesh Tiwari and Mr. Dev Bajpai which shall be effective from 1st June, 2022. The increase in

remuneration for Mr. Sanjiv Mehta and Mr. Wilhelmus Uijen will be placed before the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee in due course for its consideration.

v.

It is hereby affirmed that the remuneration paid during the year is as per the Remuneration Policy of the Company.

Note:

a)

The Independent Directors of the Company are entitled to sitting fees and commission as per the statutory

provisions and the limits approved by the Members. The remuneration of Non-Executive Directors, details of which

are provided in the Corporate Governance Report, is in accordance with the Differential Remuneration Policy, as

detailed in the said Report. The ratio of remuneration and percentage increase of remuneration for Non-Executive

Directors are therefore not considered for the purpose above.

b)

Percentage increase in remuneration indicates annual target total compensation increases, as approved by the

Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Company during the financial year 2021-22.

c)

Employees for the purpose above include all employees excluding employees governed under collective bargaining.

On behalf of the Board

Nitin Paranjpe

Chairman

Mumbai, 27th April, 2022

(DIN: 00045204)

* Includes employees working for Hindustan Unilever Limited, its subsidiaries and group companies.

Annexure to the Report of Board of Directors

Particulars of Loans, Guarantees or Investments

Details of loans, guarantee or investments made by your Company under Section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013, during

the financial year 2021-22 are given below:

Amount outstanding as at 31st March, 2022

(` crores)

Particulars

Amount

Loans given

436

Guarantee given

-

Investments made

4,122

Loan, Guarantee and Investments made during the financial year 2021-22

Name of Entity

Relation

Amount

(` crores)

Particulars of

loan, guarantee

and investments

Purpose for which

the guarantee

and investments

are proposed to

be utilised

Lakme Lever Private Limited

Subsidiary

38

Loan Business purpose

Unilever India Exports Limited

Subsidiary

398

Loan Business purpose

Rudraksh Detergent and Chemicals Private Limited

-

4

Loan Business purpose

Unilever India Limited

Subsidiary

300

Investments

Business purpose

Mutual Funds+T-bills#

-

827

Investments

Cash Management

# For details refer to Note 6 of Notes to the standalone financial statements

On behalf of the Board

Nitin Paranjpe

Chairman

Mumbai, 27th April, 2022

(DIN: 00045204)

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter to departments of education

across states. The Government of Haryana, Himachal

Pradesh and Punjab have participated by conducting

handwashing workshops in schools as a part of their

back-to-school activities. Lifebuoy launched its first-

ever children’s ‘Alphabet Book’, authored by Ruskin

Bond. This book is being used as a learning resource

across Government and Government-aided schools in

Haryana, Himachal Pradesh and Punjab.

From 2010 to 2021, your Company has reached

out to over 74 million people in India through the

handwashing behaviour change initiatives. Your

Company has been driving handwashing behaviour

change programmes in partnership with Global

Alliance for Vaccine Initiative (GAVI) and NGO partners

in Uttar Pradesh, Jharkhand, Orissa, Madhya Pradesh

and Maharashtra. Through the programmes, the

practice of using soap at critical occasions, awareness

and knowledge of ‘how visibly clean is not clean’

is spread across communities, thereby protecting

people from infections.

ii.

Wellbeing and Nutrition Initiatives

Your Company ’s ‘ Future Foods’ ambition

demonstrates our commitment to being a force

for good. Your Company is continuously working

to improve its products to help people transition

towards healthier diets. Your Company’s aim is

to help people make the transition to healthier eating

by providing positive nutrition. Foods that deliver

positive nutrition are defined as products containing

impactful amounts of vegetables, fruits, proteins,

fibre, unsaturated fatty acids or micronutrients such

as vitamins, zinc, iron and iodine. Your Company has

committed to double the number of products sold

that deliver positive nutrition by 2025.

iii.

Domex Disinfect for Safety Initiative

Domex, your Company’s Home and Hygiene brand,

expanded its product offering to professional spaces and

businesses as we gradually unlock from the pandemic.

Product donations to key institutions like municipal

corporations, hospitals and schools were made to improve

the overall hygiene standards. Domex also worked with

the MCGM to disinfect public spaces identified by the civic

bodies in respective wards in Mumbai. Around 2 lakhs

Domex disinfectant products were donated towards

various disinfection drive initiatives.

Improve the health of the planet:

i.

Reducing GHG, Waste, Water in Manufacturing

In 2021, your Company eliminated the usage of

coal as fuel in all manufacturing sites with the

help of various infrastructure improvements and

interventions. CO2 emissions were reduced by 94%* in

per tonne of our production. Water usage (cubic meter

per tonne of production) was reduced by 47%** in our

manufacturing operations. Total waste generated

from the factories reduced by 54%**.

In 2021, your Company collected and disposed over

1.16 lakh tonnes of plastic waste. Your Company

maintained the status of ‘zero non-hazardous waste

to landfill’ in all its factories and offices. 100% of the

non-hazardous waste generated in our factories

was recycled or reused or sent for energy recovery in

environment friendly ways.

ii.

Sustainable Sourcing

In 2021, 93% of tomatoes used in Kissan ketchup

continued to be sourced sustainably. Similarly, over

68% of tea procured was sourced sustainably. By

the end of 2021, 100% of the chicory was sourced

sustainably as all the chicory farmers supplying to

HUL were covered under the Unilever Sustainable

Agriculture Code providing farmers knowledge and

expertise in sustainable agriculture practices.

Contribute to a fairer, more socially inclusive world:

i.

Glow & Lovely Careers

Glow & Lovely Careers is a programme designed

to help women create an identity for themselves

by providing them career guidance, skill-based

courses and information on job opportunities. The

platform addresses multiple skilling barriers that

girls and women in India face including limited

* compared to 2008 baseline

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

06699923

Ritesh Tiwari

Executive Director, Finance & IT and Chief Financial Officer

05349994

*Chairman of the CSR Committee

Details of BR Head:

The Company has robust governance mechanisms to monitor the progress of the Company’s Compass sustainability

commitments. The Compass leadership team reports commitments on to the Chief Executive Officer and Managing

Director and Management Committee on a quarterly basis.

Particulars

Details

DIN

06699923

Name

Sanjiv Mehta

Designation

Chief Executive Officer and: Managing

Managing Director.

Employee Wellbeing

During the year, we continued to embed ‘House of

Wellbeing’, our holistic wellbeing framework offering

customised solutions to five target audiences - 1) Line

Leaders, 2) Teams, 3) Line Managers, 4) Individuals

and 5) Impacted Individuals. The segmented approach

has helped create a bouquet of solutions in varying

degree of intensity and frequency. We invested over

15,000 hours in employee wellbeing through a range of

tools and resources.

To support Line Leaders during Covid-19 - we designed

‘People Leaders Check-in Circles’, for leaders to come

together in small groups to share their realities in a safe

space. The sessions were facilitated by world-class thought

leaders. We conducted 17 such people leaders circle

covering 120+ leaders within HUL. With prolonged Covid-19,

there was a need for systemic support for individuals,

especially impacted individuals. We extended support for

100+ employees and family members across the country

during this period with grief counselling with our expert

grief counsellors. Our Employee Assistance Programme

(EAP) offers 24*7 support to employees and their families

in eight local languages - all of it one click, one text, one

call away. We have a team of expert counsellors assisting

employees with practical information and counselling on a

variety of topics.

We dialled up the conversation around mental health in

our frontline teams, training 45 blue-collar Mental Health

Champions (MHCs) across 10 factory locations and we

have over 850+ trained MHCs. As a result of our sustained

efforts, we saw the reflections in our annual employee

survey, UniVoice, with 85% office based employees and 96%

factory employees sharing their belief that Unilever cares

for their wellbeing.

Building capabilities for the future

With the world changing at a fast pace, we are

continually adapting to remain future-fit. Your Company

is ‘Reimagining HUL’ by leveraging these tectonic shifts

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director, and Management Committee on a

quarterly basis.

• Global Environmental Performance Monitoring Portal:

The ‘SHE (Safety, Health and Environment) Team’

monitors the performance against set targets and

provides feedback as well as management updates.

Audits are conducted at sites randomly selected by

above team through reputed external auditors.

• Environment Sub-Committee: The Environment Sub-

committee consists of team members from various

functions such as Supply Chain, Engineering, Finance,

Research and Development, Legal and Corporate

SHE Team. It is led by the Executive Director, Supply

Chain and convenes periodically to assess EPR

(Extended Procure Responsibility) plan execution,

Environmental performance in sites (e.g., reduction in

water consumption, reduction in waste generation,

improved methods for waste disposal, reduction in

electricity usage and CO2 emission, etc.) and initiatives

like rainwater use in operations etc.

Risk Assessment

All the emissions/waste generated by your Company are

generally within the permissible limits given by respective

state Pollution Control Boards (PCBs).

PRINCIPLE 7: POLICY ADVOCACY

Businesses, when engaged in influencing public

and regulatory policy, should do so in a responsible

manner

Your Company’s approach to advocacy is guided by

the CoBP. The Code provides that any contact by the

Company or its business associates with Government,

legislators, regulators or NGOs must be done with

honesty, integrity, openness and in compliance with

applicable laws. Only authorised individuals can interact

Business Responsibility Report

with these organisations. Prior internal approval is

required for initiating any contact between the Company,

its representatives and officials, aimed at proactively

addressing changes/suggestions to regulation

or legislation.

The Company is represented in key industry and business

associations which include Confederation of Indian

Industry (CII), Federation of Indian Chamber of Commerce

and Industry (FICCI), Associated Chamber of Commerce

and Industry of India (ASSOCHAM), Bombay Chamber of

Commerce and Industry (BCCI), Advertising Standards

Council of India (ASCI) and Indian Beauty and Hygiene

Association (IBHA).

Many of the Board and Senior leadership team members

are associated with several global bodies like the World

Economic Forum (WEF), UNGC, apart from the leading

business Chambers in India.

Your Company participates in multi-stakeholder

engagements and, when relevant, responds to public

consultations. Some of the key issues on which your

Company engaged with the Government in financial year

2021-22 include:

• Effective plastic waste management.

• Engagement with Government on ‘Ease of Doing

Business’ initiatives, including simplifying and

harmonising State and Central laws and compliances.

• Recommending changes on upcoming e-Commerce

policy to mitigate the issue of counterfeits and

fakes sold online.

• Recommending changes to Consumer Protection

Regulations.

• IPR: Recommending changes in the Trademark Act for

more effective enforcement against infringers and

counterfeiters, parallel imports and better process for

recognition and protection of well-known trademarks.

• Effective changes to the Prevention of Sexual

Harassment at Workplace Act.

• Recommending changes and suggestions under the

Labour Codes and relevant rules.

• Recommendations on changes in the Legal Metrology

Act and Packaged Commodity Rules on decriminalising

offences, easing compliances, etc.

• Recommending changes to the proposed law on Drugs

and Magic Remedies.

• Representation to Government on the draft membrane

based water purification system regulations.

• Engaging with the Government on the proposed

Data Privacy law and the Non-personal data

framework report.

• Provided inputs to Ministry of Corporate Affairs and SEBI

on Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report

(BRSR) which are new requirements for sustainability

reporting by listed entities.

• Representation to SEBI on the proposed amendments to

the Related Party Transactions (RPT) framework.

• Company has also written thought papers bringing out

Industry perspective on subjects such as Exports, Tea

Industry & its development, promoting Make in India.

PRINCIPLE 8: INCLUSIVE GROWTH

Businesses should support inclusive growth and

equitable development

Your Company’s inclusive growth approach focuses

on improving the livelihoods of smallholder farmers,

supporting small-scale retailers and helping young

entrepreneurs. Some of the important initiatives are

mentioned below:

Improving livelihoods of smallholder farmers

Your Company has been associated with a number of

smallholder farmers through its supplier partners, training

them on good agricultural practices like drip irrigation,

nutrient management, pest and disease management

to improve their livelihood. Through these programmes,

smallholder farmers (SHFs) have benefitted by a higher

yield, more certain demand and higher incomes.

Your Company is one of the co-founders of Trustea – the

India Sustainability Tea Programme. The programme has

now expanded into a much larger scale in the industry.

Through the programme, 6,70,000 plantation workers (56%

of them women workers) and 88,000 SHFs (about 42% of

India’s tea SHFs) have been positively impacted.

Over 1 lakh smallholder farmers have benefitted by

implementing Unilever Sustainable Agriculture Code. We

are working with farmers and suppliers to drive up social

and environmental standards in our supply chain.

Your Company has worked with its suppliers to partner

with smallholder farmers for cultivation of tomatoes. Your

Company provides vital support by imparting tomato

farmers with knowledge and expertise in sustainable

agriculture practices for tomato cultivation. This includes

the latest agricultural techniques, irrigation practices, and

the recommendation of the right type of seeds. Till date,

your Company has reached out to over 6,000 SHFs who

cultivated tomatoes on more than 10,000 acres of land.

Your Company has expanded the sustainable sourcing

programme to Chicory farming, where 4,000 smallholder

farmers benefit from the programme.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director of the Company. The

Management Committee of the Company is headed by

the Chief Executive Officer and: Managing Director and has

business/functional heads as its members, who manage

the day-to-day affairs of the Company.

Composition

The Board of your Company comprises highly experienced

persons of repute, eminence and has a good and diverse

mix of Executive and Non-Executive Directors with

majority of the Board Members comprising Independent

Directors including Independent Women Directors. The

Board composition is in conformity with the applicable

provisions of Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) and Securities

and Exchange Board of India (‘SEBI’) (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing

Regulations’) as amended from time to time. As on date

of this Integrated Annual Report, the Board consists

of eleven Directors comprising one Non-Executive

Director designated as the

Managing Director

Sanjiv Mehta

01.10.2013

1,410

-

-

-

Executive Director, Finance & IT

and Chief Financial Officer

Ritesh Tiwari

01.05.2021

2,630

1

-

-

Executive Director, Legal & Corporate

Affairs and Company Secretary

Dev Bajpai

23.01.2017

51,576

1

-

-

Executive Director, Supply Chain

Wilhelmus Uijen

01.01.2020

-

2

-

-

Independent Directors

O. P. Bhatt

20.12.2011

245

4

3

1

Sanjiv Misra

08.04.2013

-

-

-

-

Kalpana Morparia

09.10.2014

-

2

1

1

Leo Puri

12.10.2018

-

1

-

-

Ashish Gupta

31.01.2020

-

1

-

-

Ashu Suyash

12.11.2021

-

1

1

-

#Excluding Private Limited Companies, Foreign Companies, Section 8 Companies and Alternate Directorships.

##Includes only Audit Committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee.

None of the Directors of your Company are related to each other.

The names of the listed entities along with the category

of Directorship for all the Directors form part of Profile of

Directors from pages 316 to 320.

The number of Directorship(s), Committee Membership(s)/

Chairmanship(s) of all Directors is within the respective

limits prescribed under the Act and Listing Regulations as

amended from time to time.

Appointment and Tenure

The Directors of the Company are appointed/re-appointed

by the Board on the recommendations of the Nomination

and Remuneration Committee and approval of the

Members at the General Meetings or through means of

Postal Ballot. In accordance with the Articles of Association

of the Company and provisions of the Act, all Directors,

except the: Managing Director and Independent Directors

of the Company, are liable to retire by rotation at the

Annual General Meeting (AGM) each year and, if eligible,

offer themselves for re-election. The Executive Directors on

the Board have been appointed as per the provisions of the

Act and serve in accordance with the terms of employment

with the Company.

None of the Independent Director(s) of the Company

resigned before the expiry of their tenure.

As regards the appointment and tenure of Independent

Directors, following is the policy adopted by the Board:

• The Company has adopted the provisions with respect to

appointment and tenure of Independent Directors which

are consistent with the Act and Listing Regulations.

• In keeping with progressive governance practices,

your Company shall, for the purpose of determining

the composition of the Board, treat all Independent

Directors who are henceforth appointed from the

Financial Year 2022-23 and, thereafter, and who

complete ten years on the Board, as Non-Independent.

Corporate Governance Report

Any person who becomes Director or Officer, including

an employee who is acting in a managerial or supervisory

capacity, shall be covered under Directors’ and Officers’

Liability Insurance Policy. The Policy shall also cover those

who serve as a Director, Officer or equivalent of an outside

entity at Company’s request. The Company has provided

insurance cover in respect of legal action against its Directors

under the Directors’ and Officers’ Liability Insurance.

Board Meetings

The Board meets at regular intervals to discuss and decide

on Company/business policy and strategy apart from other

Board businesses. The Board/Committee Meetings are pre-

scheduled and a tentative annual calendar of the Board

and Committee Meetings is circulated to the Directors

well in advance to facilitate them to plan their schedule

and to ensure meaningful participation in the meetings.

However, in case of a special and urgent business need, the

Board’s approval is taken by passing resolutions through

circulation, as permitted by law, which are noted and

confirmed in the subsequent Board Meeting.

The Board business generally includes consideration of

important corporate actions and events including:-

• quarterly and annual results announcements;

• oversight of the performance of the business;

• declaration of dividends;

• development and approval of overall business strategy;

• board succession planning;

• review of the functioning of the Committees; and

• other strategic, transactional and governance matters

as required under the Act, Listing Regulations and other

applicable legislations.

The notice of Board/Committee Meetings is given well

in advance to all the Directors. Usually, Meetings of the

Board are held in Mumbai. The Agenda of the Board/

Committee Meetings is set by the Company Secretary

in consultation with the

Managing Director and the

Company Secretary are jointly responsible for ensuring

that induction and training programmes are conducted

for Directors. The Chief Executive Officer and Managing

Director, provides an overview of the organisation, its

history, culture, values and purpose. The Management

Committee Members and Functional Heads take the

Directors through their respective businesses and

functions. As a part of induction programme, the Directors

also visit the Company’s manufacturing locations and

undertake market visits to understand the operations

of the Company. The Directors are exposed to the Board

Corporate Governance Report

constitution, procedures, matters reserved for the Board

and major risks facing the business and mitigation

programmes. The Independent Directors are made aware

of their roles and responsibilities at the time of their

appointment and a detailed: Letter of Appointment is

issued to them.

In the Board Meetings, immersion sessions deal with

different parts of the business and bring out all facets

of the business besides the shape of the business. These

immersion sessions provide a good understanding of the

business to the

letter of confirmation as the case

may be as a result of transfer, consolidation, splitting or

in lieu of share certificates lost, defaced or destroyed.

The Committee meets generally on a weekly basis to

ensure that share transfers and other related requests are

registered and actioned within a period of 15 days from the

date of receipt thereof.

Committee for Allotment of Shares under ESOPs

The Committee for Allotment of Shares under ESOPs has

been constituted for approval, issue and allotment of

shares under ESOP Schemes. The Committee comprises

three Executive Directors of the Board and is constituted

to expedite the process of allotment and issue of shares

to eligible employees under the Stock Option Plan

of the Company.

Administrative Matters Committee

The Administrative Matters Committee has been set up to

oversee routine operations that arise in the normal course

of the business, such as decision on banking relations,

delegation of operational powers, appointment of

nominees under statutes, etc. The Committee comprises

three Executive Directors of the Board.

Committee for approving Disposal of Surplus Assets

The Committee for approving Disposal of Surplus Assets

has been set up and entrusted with the responsibility

of identifying the surplus assets of the Company and to

authorise sale and disposal of such surplus property. The

Committee is fully authorised to take necessary steps to

give effect to sale and transfer of the ownership rights,

interest and title in such identified properties, for and on

Corporate Governance Report

behalf of the Company. The Committee comprises three

Executive Directors of the Board.

GOVERNANCE OF SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES

The minutes of the Board Meetings of the subsidiary

companies along with the details of significant

transactions and arrangements entered into by the

subsidiary companies are shared with the Board of

Directors on a quarterly basis. The financial statements

of the subsidiary companies are presented to the Audit

Committee. The Company does not have a material

subsidiary as on the date of this Integrated Annual Report,

having a net worth exceeding 10% of the consolidated

net worth or income of 10% of the consolidated income of

your Company. The information in respect of the loans and

advances in the nature of loans to subsidiaries pursuant

to Regulation 34 of the Listing Regulations is provided in

Notes to the standalone financial statements.

COMPANY POLICIES

Code of Business Principles and Whistle Blower

Policy

The Code of Business Principles (‘the Code’) is the

Company’s statement of values and represents the

standard of conduct which all employees are expected to

observe in their business endeavours. The Code reflects

the Company’s commitment to principles of integrity,

transparency and fairness. It forms the benchmark against

which the world at large is invited to judge the Company’s

activities. The copy of the Code is available on the website

of the Company at https://www.hul.co.in/files/origin/the-

code-of-business-principles-english.pdf.

The Company has adopted a Whistle Blower Policy, as part

of vigil mechanism to provide appropriate avenues to all

individuals associated with HUL to bring to the attention

of the management any issue which is perceived to be in

violation of or in conflict with the Code of the Company.

The Company has provided dedicated e-mail addresses

kalpana.morparia@unilever.com and cobp.hul@

unilever.com for reporting such concerns. Alternatively,

individuals can also send written communications to the

Company. The employees are encouraged to voice their

concerns by way of Whistle Blowing and all the employees

have been given access to the Audit Committee. The

Policy provides an avenue to every employee and every

person as defined therein to report concerns directly

to the Management or to the Chairperson of the Audit

Committee. The Company Secretary is the designated

officer for effective implementation of the Policy and

dealing with the complaints registered under the policy. All

cases, registered under the Code and the Whistle Blower

Policy of the Company, are reported to the Management

Committee and are subject to the review of the Audit

Committee. The Whistle Blower Policy is available on the

website of the Company at https://www.hul.co.in/investor-

relations/corporate-governance/.

Disclosures in relation to the Sexual Harassment

of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition

and Redressal) Act, 2013

The Company is committed to ensuring that all employees

work in an environment that is inclusive and provides

an opportunity to bring their best selves at workplace.

The Company is also committed to provide a work

environment that ensures every person is treated with

dignity, respect and afforded equal treatment. The

Company has formulated a Policy on Prevention of Sexual

Harassment in accordance with the provisions of the

Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention,

Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 and the Rules made

thereunder which is aimed at providing everyone who

visits our workplace, experiences an environment that

not only promotes diversity and equality but also mutual

trust, equal opportunity and respect for human rights.

Our POSH Policy is now more inclusive and gender neutral,

detailing the governance mechanisms for prevention of

sexual harassment issues relating to employees across

genders including employees who identify themselves with

LGBTQI+ community.

Your Company has constituted Internal Committees (IC)

as per the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace

(Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013. While

maintaining the highest governance norms, the Company

has appointed external independent persons who work

in this area and have the requisite experience in handling

such matters, as Chairpersons of each of the Committees.

Number of Complaints received during the

financial year 2021-22

2

Number of Complaints disposed of during

the financial year 2021-22

2

Number of Complaints pending as on

31st March, 2022

-

Policy on avoiding Conflict of Interest

The Board of Directors are responsible for ensuring that

systems and processes are in place to avoid conflict of

interest by the Board Members and the Management

Committee. The Board has adopted the Code of Conduct

for the members of the Board and Senior Management

Team. The Code provides that the Directors are required

to avoid any interest in contracts entered into by the

Company. If such an interest exists, they are required to

make adequate disclosure to the Board and to abstain

from discussion, voting or otherwise influencing the

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director, is attached and forms part of this

Integrated Annual Report.

The Members of the Management Committee have made

disclosure to the Board of Directors relating to transactions

with potential conflict of interest with the Company. There

were no material, financial or commercial transaction,

between the Company and Members of the Management

Committee that may have a potential conflict with the

interest of the Company at large.

All details relating to financial and commercial

transactions where Directors may have a pecuniary

interest are provided to the Board and the interested

Directors neither participate in the discussion nor vote

on such matters.

The Company has complied with the requirements

specified in Regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of

the Regulation 46(2) of the Listing Regulations.

No funds were raised through preferential allotment or

Qualified Institutional Placement as per the Regulation

32(7A) of Listing Regulations.

Fees paid to Auditors

The total fee for all services paid by your Company

and its Subsidiaries to M/s. B S R & Co. LLP, Chartered

Accountants, Statutory Auditors and all the entities in the

network firm/network entity, of which Statutory Auditors

are a part, during the financial year 2021-22 is `4.82 crores

and estimated fees to be paid for the financial year 2022-23

shall be `5.82 crores.

Disclosure of Pending Cases/Instances of

Non-Compliance

There were no non-compliances by the Company and

no instances of penalties and strictures imposed on the

Company by the Stock Exchanges or SEBI or any other

Statutory Authority on any matter related to the capital

market during the last three years.

The Company has been impleaded in certain legal cases

related to disputes over title to shares arising in the

ordinary course of share transfer operations. However,

none of these cases are material in nature, which may lead

to material loss or expenditure to the Company.

Commodity Price Risk/Foreign Exchange Risk

and Hedging Activities

1.

Risk Management Policy of the Company with

respect to the Commodities and Forex:

Commodities form a major part of the raw materials

required for Company’s products portfolio and hence

commodity price risk is one of the important market

risks for the Company. The commodities we source

are priced using pricing benchmarks and commodity

derivatives are priced using exchange-traded pricing

benchmarks. Your Company has a robust framework

and governance mechanism in place to ensure that

the organisation is adequately protected from the

market volatility in terms of price and availability.

The Commodity Risk Management (CRM) team of

Unilever, based on intelligence and monitoring,

forecasts commodity prices and movements and

advises the Procurement team on cover strategy.

A robust planning and strategy ensure that

Company’s interests are protected despite volatility in

commodity prices.

Your Company has managed the foreign exchange

risk with appropriate hedging activities in accordance

with policies of the Company. The aim of the

Company’s approach to manage currency risk is to

leave the Company with no material residual risk.

The Company uses forward exchange contracts to

hedge against its foreign currency exposures relating

to firm commitment. Foreign exchange transactions

are covered with strict limits placed on the amount of

uncovered exposure, if any, at any point in time. There

are no materially uncovered exchange rate risks in

the context of the Company’s imports and exports.

The Company does not enter into any derivative

instruments for trading or speculative purposes.

The details of foreign exchange exposures as on

31st March, 2022 are disclosed in Note No. 38 to the

standalone financial statements..

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Letter of Confirmation in lieu of the

share certificate while processing any of the aforesaid

investor service request.

Simplified Norms for processing Investor Service Request

SEBI, vide its Circular dated 3rd November, 2021, has

made it mandatory for holders of physical securities to

furnish PAN, KYC and Nomination/Opt-out of Nomination

details to avail any investor service. Folios wherein any

one of the above mentioned details are not registered by

1st April, 2023 shall be frozen. The concerned Members

are therefore urged to furnish PAN, KYC and Nomination/

Opt out of Nomination by submitting the prescribed

forms duly filled by email from their registered email id

to einward.ris@kfintech.com or by sending a physical

copy of the prescribed forms duly filled and signed by the

registered holders to M/s. KFin Technologies Limited at

Selenium Tower B, Plot 31-32, Gachibowli Financial District,

Nanakramguda, Hyderabad-500 032.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

Executive Director – Finance & IT

and Chief Financial Officer

Mumbai, 27th April, 2022

DIN: 06699923

DIN: 05349994

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter dated 29th July, 2019 read with

addendums to our engagement: letter dated 20th July, 2020, 19th October, 2020 and 16th June, 2021 respectively.

2.

We have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by Hindustan Unilever Limited

(“the Company”), for the year ended 31st March, 2022, as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) of

regulation 46(2) and paragraphs C, D and E of Schedule V of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as amended from time to time (“Listing Regulations”)

pursuant to the Listing Agreement of the Company with Stock Exchanges.

Management’s Responsibility for the Statement

3.

The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated under the listing regulations is the responsibility

of the Company’s Management including the preparation and maintenance of all the relevant records and documents.

This responsibility includes the design, implementation and maintenance of internal control and procedures to

ensure the compliance with the conditions of Corporate Governance stipulated in the Listing Regulations.

Auditor’s Responsibility

4.

Our examination was limited to procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring the

compliance of the conditions of the Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the

financial statements of the Company

5.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Listing Regulations, it is our responsibility to provide a reasonable assurance

whether the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in Listing Regulations

for the year ended 31st March, 2022.

6.

We conducted our examination of the above corporate governance compliance by the Company in accordance with

the Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes (Revised 2016) and Guidance Note on Certification

of Corporate Governance both issued by the Institute of the Chartered Accountants of India (the “ICAI”), in so

far as applicable for the purpose of this certificate. The Guidance Note requires that we comply with the ethical

requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.

7.

We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality

Control for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance and

Related Services Engagements.

Opinion

8.

In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, we certify that

the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the above-mentioned

Listing Regulations.

9.

We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Restriction on Use

10.

The certificate is addressed and provided to the Members of the Company solely for the purpose of enabling the

Company to comply with the requirement of the Listing Regulations and should not be used by any other person or for

any other purpose. Accordingly, we do not accept or assume any liability or any duty of care for any other purpose or to

any other person to whom this certificate is shown or into whose hands it may come without our prior consent in writing.

For B S R & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm’s Registration No: 101248W/W-100022

Aniruddha Godbole

Partner

Membership No: 105149

Mumbai, 27th April, 2022

UDIN: 22105149AHWYVS1927

Certificate of Compliance with the Corporate Governance

Independent Auditor’s Certificate on compliance with the Corporate Governance

requirements under SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015

Form No. MR – 3 Secretarial Audit Report

For the Financial Year Ended 31st March, 2022

[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No. 9 of the Companies

(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]

To,

The Members,

Hindustan Unilever Limited

CIN: L15140MH1933PLC002030

Unilever House, B. D. Sawant Marg,

Chakala, Andheri (East), Mumbai – 400099

We have conducted Secretarial Audit of compliance with

the applicable statutory provisions and adherence to

good corporate practices by Hindustan Unilever Limited

(hereinafter called ‘the Company’) for the Financial Year

ended 31st March, 2022. Secretarial Audit was conducted

in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis for

evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory compliances

and expressing our opinion thereon.

Based on our verification of the Company’s books and

papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and

other records maintained by the Company and also the

information provided by the Company, its officers, agents

and authorised representatives during the conduct of

Secretarial Audit, we hereby report that in our opinion,

the Company has, during the audit period covering the

Financial Year ended 31st March, 2022 complied with

statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the

Company has proper Board-processes and compliance-

mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and

subject to the reporting made hereinafter.

We have examined the books and papers, minute books,

forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the

Company for the Financial Year ended 31st March, 2022

according to the provisions of:

(i)

The Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) and the rules

made thereunder;

(ii)

The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956

(‘SCRA’) and the rules made thereunder;

(iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and

Bye-laws framed thereunder;

(iv) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and rules

and regulations made thereunder to the extent

of Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct

Investment and External Commercial Borrowings –

Not applicable for External Commercial Borrowings

as there was no reportable event during the financial

year under review;

(v)

The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed

under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act,

1992 (‘SEBI Act’):

(a)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers)

Regulations, 2011;

(b)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;

(c)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2018 – Not applicable as there

was no reportable event during the financial

year under review;

(d)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations,

2014 (upto 12th August, 2021) & The Securities

and Exchange Board of India (Share Based

Employee Benefits & Sweat Equity) Regulations,

2021 (with effect from 13th August, 2021);

(e)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Issue and Listing of Debt Securities) Regulations,

2008 (upto 15th August, 2021) & The Securities

and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing

of Non-Convertible Securities) Regulations,

2021 (with effect from 16th August, 2021) – Not

applicable as there was no reportable event

during the financial year under review;

(f)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents)

Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies

Act and dealing with client – Not applicable as

the Company is not registered as Registrar to

an Issue and Share Transfer Agent during the

financial year under review;

(g)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009

(upto 09th June, 2021) & The Securities and

Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity

Shares) Regulations, 2021 (with effect from

10th June, 2021) – Not applicable as there

was no reportable event during the financial

year under review;

(h)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018 – Not

applicable as there was no reportable event

during the financial year under review; and

(i)

The Securities and Exchange Board of

India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

letter of even date which

is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part

of this report.

For S. N. Ananthasubramanian & Co.

Company Secretaries

ICSI Unique Code: P1991MH040400

Peer Review Cert. No. 606/2019

S. N. Ananthasubramanian

Partner

Thane,

FCS: 4206 | COP No. 1774

25th April, 2022

ICSI UDIN: F004206D000191791

To,

The Members,

Hindustan Unilever Limited

CIN: L15140MH1933PLC002030

Unilever House, B D Sawant Marg,

Chakala, Andheri (East), Mumbai – 400099

MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY

1.

It is the responsibility of management of the Company to maintain secretarial records, devise proper systems to

ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws and regulations and to ensure that the systems are

adequate and operate effectively.

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITY

2.

Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these secretarial records, standards and procedures followed by the

Company with respect to secretarial compliances.

3.

We have conducted the Audit as per the applicable Auditing Standards issued by the Institute of Company

Secretaries of India.

4.

We believe that audit evidence and information obtained from the Company’s management is adequate and

appropriate for us to provide a basis for our opinion.

5.

Wherever required, we have obtained reasonable assurance about whether the statements prepared, documents

or Records, in relation to Secretarial Audit, maintained by the Auditee, are free from misstatement.

6.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management’s representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

DISCLAIMER

7.

We have conducted our Audit remotely, based on the records and information made available to us through

electronic platform by the Company, due to Covid–19 pandemic induced lockdown and restrictions/ work from home

policy of the Company in place, for the purpose of issuing this report.

8.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted affairs of the Company.

9.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

For S. N. Ananthasubramanian & Co.

Company Secretaries

ICSI Unique Code: P1991MH040400

Peer Review Cert. No. 606/2019

S. N. Ananthasubramanian

Partner

FCS: 4206 | COP No. 1774

Thane, 25th April, 2022

ICSI UDIN: F004206D000191791

Annexure A to Secretarial Auditors’ Report

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer

[DIN: 06699923]

Executive Director, Finance & IT

and Chief Financial Officer

[DIN: 05349994]

Aniruddha Godbole

Kalpana Morparia

Dev Bajpai

Partner

Chairperson - Audit Committee

Executive Director, Legal & Corporate

Membership No. 105149

[DIN: 00046081]

Affairs and Company Secretary

Membership No. FCS 3354

Ravishankar A

[DIN: 00050516]

Group Controller

Mumbai: 27th April, 2022

Mumbai: 27th April, 2022

136

137

Hindustan Unilever Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer

[DIN: 06699923]

Executive Director, Finance & IT

and Chief Financial Officer

[DIN: 05349994]

Aniruddha Godbole

Kalpana Morparia

Dev Bajpai

Partner

Chairperson - Audit Committee

Executive Director, Legal & Corporate

Membership No. 105149

[DIN: 00046081]

Affairs and Company Secretary

Membership No. FCS 3354

Ravishankar A

[DIN: 00050516]

Group Controller

Mumbai: 27th April, 2022

Mumbai: 27th April, 2022

138

139

Hindustan Unilever Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer

[DIN: 06699923]

Executive Director, Finance & IT

and Chief Financial Officer

[DIN: 05349994]

Aniruddha Godbole

Kalpana Morparia

Dev Bajpai

Partner

Chairperson - Audit Committee

Executive Director, Legal & Corporate

Membership No. 105149

[DIN: 00046081]

Affairs and Company Secretary

Membership No. FCS 3354

Ravishankar A

[DIN: 00050516]

Group Controller

Mumbai: 27th April, 2022

Mumbai: 27th April, 2022

140

141

Hindustan Unilever Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer

[DIN: 06699923]

Executive Director, Finance & IT

and Chief Financial Officer

[DIN: 05349994]

Aniruddha Godbole

Kalpana Morparia

Dev Bajpai

Partner

Chairperson - Audit Committee

Executive Director, Legal & Corporate

Membership No. 105149

[DIN: 00046081]

Affairs and Company Secretary

Membership No. FCS 3354

Ravishankar A

[DIN: 00050516]

Group Controller

Mumbai: 27th April, 2022

Mumbai: 27th April, 2022

142

143

Hindustan Unilever Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer

[DIN: 06699923]

Executive Director, Finance & IT

and Chief Financial Officer

[DIN: 05349994]

Aniruddha Godbole

Kalpana Morparia

Dev Bajpai

Partner

Chairperson - Audit Committee

Executive Director, Legal & Corporate

Membership No. 105149

[DIN: 00046081]

Affairs and Company Secretary

Membership No. FCS 3354

Ravishankar A

[DIN: 00050516]

Group Controller

Mumbai: 27th April, 2022

Mumbai: 27th April, 2022

208

209

Hindustan Unilever Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer

[DIN: 06699923]

Executive Director, Finance & IT

and Chief Financial Officer

[DIN: 05349994]

Aniruddha Godbole

Kalpana Morparia

Dev Bajpai

Partner

Chairperson - Audit Committee

Executive Director, Legal & Corporate

Membership No. 105149

[DIN: 00046081]

Affairs and Company Secretary

Membership No. FCS 3354

Ravishankar A

[DIN: 00050516]

Group Controller

Mumbai: 27th April, 2022

Mumbai: 27th April, 2022

220

221

Hindustan Unilever Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer

[DIN: 06699923]

Executive Director, Finance & IT

and Chief Financial Officer

[DIN: 05349994]

Aniruddha Godbole

Kalpana Morparia

Dev Bajpai

Partner

Chairperson - Audit Committee

Executive Director, Legal & Corporate

Membership No. 105149

[DIN: 00046081]

Affairs and Company Secretary

Membership No. FCS 3354

Ravishankar A

[DIN: 00050516]

Group Controller

Mumbai: 27th April, 2022

Mumbai: 27th April, 2022

222

223

Hindustan Unilever Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer

[DIN: 06699923]

Executive Director, Finance & IT and Chief Financial

Officer

[DIN: 05349994]

Aniruddha Godbole

Kalpana Morparia

Dev Bajpai

Partner

Chairperson - Audit Committee

Executive Director, Legal & Corporate

Membership No. 105149

[DIN: 00046081]

Affairs and Company Secretary

Membership No. FCS 3354

Ravishankar A

[DIN: 00050516]

Group Controller

Mumbai: 27th April, 2022

Mumbai: 27th April, 2022

224

225

Hindustan Unilever Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer

[DIN: 06699923]

Executive Director, Finance & IT

and Chief Financial Officer

[DIN: 05349994]

Aniruddha Godbole

Kalpana Morparia

Dev Bajpai

Partner

Chairperson - Audit Committee

Executive Director, Legal & Corporate

Membership No. 105149

[DIN: 00046081]

Affairs and Company Secretary

Membership No. FCS 3354

Ravishankar A

[DIN: 00050516]

Group Controller

Mumbai: 27th April, 2022

Mumbai: 27th April, 2022

226

227

Hindustan Unilever Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Letter of credit and acceptances

0

3

Pursuant to approval received under Production Linked Incentive Scheme of Government of India, the Group has

committed investment in plant & machinery, infrastructure, etc through own and contract manufacturers over a

course of 3 years starting FY 2020-21.

NOTE 25 REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS

Sale of products:

Revenue from sale of goods is recognised when control of the products being sold is transferred to our customer and

when there are no longer any unfulfilled obligations. The performance obligations in our contracts are fulfilled at the

time of dispatch, delivery or upon formal customer acceptance depending on customer terms.

Revenue is measured on the basis of contracted price, after deduction of any trade discounts, volume rebates and any

taxes or duties collected on behalf of the Government such as goods and services tax, etc. Accumulated experience is

used to estimate the provision for such discounts and rebates. Revenue is only recognised to the extent that it is highly

probable a significant reversal will not occur.

Our customers have the contractual right to return goods only when authorised by the Group. An estimate is made of goods

that will be returned and a liability is recognised for this amount using a best estimate based on accumulated experience.

262

263

Hindustan Unilever Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer

[DIN: 06699923]

Executive Director, Finance & IT

and Chief Financial Officer

[DIN: 05349994]

Aniruddha Godbole

Kalpana Morparia

Dev Bajpai

Partner

Chairperson - Audit Committee

Executive Director, Legal & Corporate

Membership No. 105149

[DIN: 00046081]

Affairs and Company Secretary

Membership No. FCS 3354

Ravishankar A

[DIN: 00050516]

Group Controller

Mumbai: 27th April, 2022

Mumbai: 27th April, 2022

298

299

Hindustan Unilever Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

Financial Statements

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

[DIN: 06699923]

Executive Director, Finance & IT and Chief Financial Officer

[DIN: 05349994]

Kalpana Morparia

Dev Bajpai

Ravishankar A

Chairperson - Audit Committee

Executive Director, Legal & Corporate

Group Controller

[DIN: 00046081]

Affairs and Company Secretary

Membership No. FCS 3354

[DIN: 00050516]

Mumbai: 27th April, 2022

(All amounts in ` crores, unless otherwise stated)

Corporate Information

REGISTERED OFFICE

Unilever House, B. D. Sawant Marg, Chakala, Andheri (East), Mumbai – 400 099.

AUDITORS

M/s. B S R & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants, Mumbai; Firm’s Registration No.: 101248W/W-100022

BANKERS

Deutsché Bank

Hongkong & Shanghai Banking Corporation

Standard Chartered Bank

Bank of America

ICICI Bank

Union Bank of India

Citibank N.A.

Punjab National Bank

State Bank of India

HDFC Bank

Kotak Mahindra Bank

Axis Bank

JP Morgan

PLANT LOCATIONS

NORTHERN REGION

Barotiwala

l Khasra no.1350–1318, Village Bhatoli Kalan, Hill top industrial area,

Jharmajri, Baddi, District Solan–173 205, Himachal Pradesh

Baddi

l Khasra No. 1350–1318, Bhatoli Kalan, Baddi, District Solan–173 205,

Himachal Pradesh

Haridwar

l Plot No. 1, Sector 1A, Integrated Industrial Estate, Ranipur,

Haridwar–249 403, Uttarakhand

Nabha

l Patiala Road Nabha–147 201, District Patiala, Punjab

Nalagarh

l Hudbust No. 143, Khasra No. 182/183/187/1, Village Kirpalpur,

Near Nalagarh Fire Station, Tehsil Nalagarh, District Solan–174 101,

Himachal Pradesh

Rajpura

l A-5, Phase 2-B, Focal Point, Rajpura–140 401, Punjab

Sonipat

l 14 KM Stone, Sonipat–Meerut Road, Village Khewra, P. O. Bahalgarh,

District Sonipat, Haryana–131 021

SOUTHERN REGION

Cochin

l Ernakulam North PO, Tatapuram, Cochin–682 018, Kerala

Hosur

l Plot No. 50 & 51, SIPCOT Industrial Complex, Hosur–635 126,

Tamil Nadu

Mangalore

l Sultan Battery Road, Boloor, Mangalore–575 003, Karnataka

Mysore

l Plot No. 424, Hebbal Industrial Area, Mysore–570 016, Karnataka

Pondicherry

l Off NH 45A, Vadamangalam, Pondicherry–605 102

l No. 9(3), Cuddalore Road, Kirumambakkam, Pondicherry–605 702

l 45/A National Highway Vadamangalam, Pondicherry–605 102

Rajahmundry

l Industrial Estate, Dowlaiswaram, Rajahmundry Rural,

Andhra Pradesh–533 124

CENTRAL REGION

Chhindwara

l 5/6, KM Stone, Narsinghpur Road, Village Lehgadua, Post Khajari,

District Chhindwara–480 002, Madhya Pradesh

ETAH

l Village Asrauli, G. T. Road, Etah–207 001, Uttar Pradesh

Orai

l A-1, UPSIDC Industrial Area, Orai, District Jalaun–285 001, Uttar Pradesh

Sumerpur

l A-1, UPSIDC Industrial Area, Bharua, Sumerpur,

Hamirpur–210 502, Uttar Pradesh

WESTERN REGION

Chiplun

l B-7/17, Lote Parshuram MIDC, Khed Taluka, District Ratnagiri,

Chiplun–415 722, Maharashtra

Khamgaon

l C-9, MIDC, Khamgaon, District Buldhana–444 303, Maharashtra

Mumbai

l Aarey Milk Colony, Goregaon, Mumbai–400 065, Maharashtra

Nashik

l Plot No. A-8/9, MIDC, Malegaon, Sinnar–422 103, Nashik, Maharashtra

Silvassa

l Survey No. 151/1/1, Village Dapada, Khanvel Road,

Silvassa–396 230, Dadra and Nagar Haveli

l Survey No. 907, Kilwali Road, Amli Village, Near Gandhigram

Bus Stop, Silvassa–396 230, Dadra and Nagar Haveli

EASTERN REGION

Haldia

l P. O. Durgachak, Haldia, District Purba Medinipur–721 602, West Bengal

Kolkata

l 1, Transport Depot Road, Kidderpore, Kolkata–700 088, West Bengal

l 63, Garden Reach, Kolkata–700 024, West Bengal

Tinsukia

l Dag No. 21 of 122 FS Grants, Mouza – Tingrai, Off NH No. 37,

Doom Dooma Industrial Estate, District Tinsukia–786 151, Assam

300

301

Hindustan Unilever Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and Whole-time Directors of the

Company), for a period of three years commencing

from 1st April, 2023 to 31st March, 2026, such sum by

way of commission as the Board and/or a Committee

thereof may determine from time to time, but not

exceeding 1% (one percent) or such other percentage

of the Net Profits of the Company in any financial year

as may be specified under the Act, from time to time

and computed in the manner provided under Section

198 of the Act, or `300 lakhs (Rupees Three Hundred

Lakhs Only) in aggregate, whichever is lower.”

8.

Ratification of Remuneration to Cost Auditors:

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following

resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of

Section 148(3) and other applicable provisions, if any,

of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies

(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, (including any

statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof for

the time being in force), the remuneration payable

to M/s. RA & Co., Cost Accountants (Firm Registration

No. 000242), appointed by the Board of Directors on

the recommendation of the Audit Committee, as Cost

Auditors of the Company to conduct the audit of the

cost records of the Company for the financial year

ending 31st March, 2023, amounting to `13.50 lakhs

(Rupees Thirteen Lakhs and Fifty Thousand Only) plus

applicable taxes and reimbursement for out of pocket

expenses incurred in connection with the aforesaid

audit, be and is hereby ratified.”

9.

Approval for Material Related Party Transaction:

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following

resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of

Regulation 23(4) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing

Regulations’), read with Section 188 of the Companies

Act, 2013 (‘the Act’), the rules made thereunder

(including any other applicable provision(s) or

statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof

for the time being in force) read with the Company’s

‘Policy on Related Party Transactions’ and as per the

recommendation/approval of the Audit Committee

and the Board of Directors of the Company, approval

of the Members be and is hereby accorded to the

Company for entering into and/or continuing with

Material Related Party Transactions/contracts/

arrangements/agreements with PT. Unilever

Oleochemical Indonesia (UOI), a Related Party

within the meaning of Section 2(76) of the Act, and

Regulation 2(1)(zb) of the Listing Regulations for

purchase of raw material/semi-finished goods, for a

period of three years commencing from financial year

2022-23 to financial year 2024-25, individually and/

or in the aggregate upto an amount not exceeding

`1,250 crores in a financial year, provided however,

that the said contracts/arrangements/ transactions

shall be carried out on an arm’s length basis and in

the ordinary course of business of the Company.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the

Company be and are hereby authorised to delegate all

or any of the powers conferred on it to any Committee

of Board of Directors and/or Managing/Whole-time

Director(s) of the Company and to do all such acts and

take all such steps as may be considered necessary or

expedient to give effect to the aforesaid resolution.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the

Board in connection with any matter referred to or

contemplated in this resolution, be and are hereby

approved, ratified and confirmed in all respects.”

NOTES:

1.

An Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102

of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) relating to

the Special Business to be transacted at the Annual

General Meeting (‘AGM’) is annexed hereto. The Board

of Directors at its meeting held on 27th April, 2022

considered and decided to include Item Nos. 7, 8 & 9

as given above as Special Business in the forthcoming

AGM, as they are unavoidable in nature.

2.

In view of continuing social distancing norms due to

Covid-19, the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA), vide

its General Circular Nos. 14/2020 dated 8th April, 2020,

17/2020 dated 13th April, 2020, 20/2020 dated 5th May,

2020, the latest being 2/2022 dated 5th May, 2022

and Securities Exchange Board of India (SEBI) vide

its Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD2/CIRP/P/2022/62

dated 13th May, 2022, and other applicable circulars

issued in this regard, have allowed the companies to

conduct AGM through VC/OAVM till 31st December,

2022 without physical presence of Members at a

common venue. In accordance with the applicable

provisions of the Act and the said Circulars of MCA and

SEBI, the 89th AGM of the Company shall be conducted

through VC/OAVM. National Securities Depositories

Limited (‘NSDL’) will be providing facility for voting

through remote e-voting, for participation in the AGM

through VC/OAVM facility and e-voting during the

AGM. The procedure for participating in the meeting

through VC/OAVM is explained at Note No. 10 below

and is also available on the website of the Company

at www.hul.co.in.

3.

As the AGM shall be conducted through VC/OAVM, the

facility for appointment of Proxy by a Member is not

available for this AGM and hence the Proxy Form and

Attendance Slip including Route Map are not annexed

to this Notice.

4.

However, Institutional/Corporate Members are

entitled to appoint authorised representatives to

attend the AGM through VC/OAVM and cast their

votes through e-voting. Institutional/Corporate

Members are requested to send a scanned copy (PDF/

JPEG format) of the Board Resolution authorising

its representatives to attend and vote at the AGM,

pursuant to Section 113 of the Act, to Scrutiniser at

scrutinizer@snaco.net and to evoting@nsdl.co.in.

5.

The Register of Members and Share Transfer Books

of the Company will remain closed from Friday,

17th June, 2022 to Thursday, 23rd June, 2022 (both

days inclusive).

ELECTRONIC DISPATCH OF ANNUAL REPORT AND

PROCESS FOR REGISTRATION OF E-MAIL ID AND

FOR OBTAINING COPY OF ANNUAL REPORT:

6.

In accordance with the circulars issued by MCA

and SEBI, the Notice of the 89th AGM along with the

Integrated Annual Report 2021-22 is being sent

by electronic mode to Members whose e-mail id

is registered with the Company or the Depository

Participants (DPs). Physical copy of the Notice of the

89th AGM along with Integrated Annual Report for the

financial year 2021-22 shall be sent to those Members

who request for the same.

7.

Members holding shares in physical form

and who have not updated their e-mail ids

with the Company are requested to update

their e-mail ids by writing to the Company at

levercare.shareholder@unilever.com along with the

copy of the signed request: letter mentioning the name

and address of the Member, self-attested copy of the

Notice of Annual General Meeting

302

303

Hindustan Unilever Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

Managing Director and Independent Directors of

the Company have been appointed for a consecutive

term of 5 (five)years, who shall not retire by rotation.

41.

In terms of requirements of Section 124(6) of the Act

read with Investor Education and Protection Fund

(IEPF) Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and

Refund) Rules, 2016, the Company is required to

transfer the shares, in respect of which the dividend

remains unpaid or unclaimed for a period of seven

consecutive years or more, to the IEPF Account

established by the Central Government. The details

of the unpaid/unclaimed dividend amounts lying with

the Company as on 31st March, 2021 are available on

the website of the Company at https://www.hul.co.in/

investor-relations/unclaimed-and-unpaid-dividend/

and on the website of MCA. Member(s) whose

dividends/shares are transferred to the IEPF can now

claim the same from the IEPF Authority by following

the refund procedure as detailed on the IEPF website

http://iepf.gov.in/IEPF/refund.html.

42. Members are requested to contact KFin Technologies

Limited/Investor Service Department of the Company

for encashing the unclaimed dividends standing to

the credit of their account. The detailed dividend

history and due dates for transfer to IEPF are

available on ‘Investors’ page on the website of the

Company at https://www.hul.co.in/investor-relations/

shareholder-information/information-on-dividends/

43. SEBI vide its Circular dated 3rd November, 2021

has mandated registration of PAN, KYC details

and Nomination, by holders of physical securities.

Members holding shares in physical form are

requested to submit their PAN, KYC details and

Nomination details by sending a duly filled and

signed Form ISR-1 to KFin Technologies Limited

at Selenium Building, Tower-B, Plot No. 31 & 32,

Financial District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally,

Hyderabad, Rangareddi, Telangana India – 500 032

or by email to einward.ris@kfintech.com from their

registered email id.

44. Regulation 40 of Listing Regulations, as amended,

mandates that transfer, transmission and

transposition of securities of listed companies held in

physical form shall be effected only in demat mode.

Further, SEBI, vide its Circular dated 25th January,

2022, has clarified that listed companies, with

immediate effect, shall issue the securities only

in demat mode while processing investor service

requests pertaining to issuance of duplicate shares,

exchange of shares, endorsement, sub-division/

consolidation of share certificates, etc. In view

of this as also to eliminate all risks associated

with physical shares and for ease of portfolio

management, Members holding shares in physical

form are requested to consider converting their

holdings to demat mode.

Registered Office:

By Order of the Board

Unilever House,

B. D. Sawant Marg,

Chakala, Andheri (East),

Mumbai – 400 099

Dev Bajpai

Executive Director

Legal & Corporate Affairs and

Company Secretary

FCS No: 3354/DIN: 00050516

Mumbai: 27th April, 2022

EXPLANATORY STATEMENT IN RESPECT OF THE SPECIAL BUSINESS PURSUANT TO SECTION 102 OF

THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013:

Item No. 7

The Members at the Annual General Meeting held on

29th June, 2015 had approved the payment of remuneration

by way of commission on profits to Non-Executive Directors

of the Company upto a maximum of `300 lakhs (Rupees

Three Hundred Lakhs) in aggregate, to be allocated in

such manner as the Board may determine, from time to

time, with effect from 1st April, 2015 for a period of 5 (five)

years. Further, at the Annual General Meeting held on 30th

June, 2020, the Members extended the time period for the

aforesaid limits for a period of 3 (three) years i.e. from 1st

April, 2020 till 31st March, 2023.

In line with the globally accepted governance practices,

your Company has in place a differential remuneration

policy. As per the said policy, the remuneration of

Non-Executive Independent Directors comprises a

fixed commission, position in various Committees and

attendance at the meetings of the Board or Committees.

In accordance with the said policy, all the Non-Executive

Independent Directors are currently paid a remuneration

of `15 lakhs (Rupees Fifteen Lakhs) per annum by way of

fixed commission and a variable commission linked to their

attendance at Meetings and also depending upon their

position in the Committees. In addition, the Non-Executive

Independent Directors are paid sitting fees for attending

the meetings of the Board or Committees thereof.

It is now proposed to extend the time period for the

aforesaid limits of remuneration without any change in the

overall limit of `300 lakhs (Rupees Three Hundred Lakhs)

of remuneration payable to Non-Executive Directors

from 1st April, 2023 for a period of 3 (three) years i.e. till

31st March, 2026.

None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel

and their relatives (except Non-Executive Independent

Directors), are concerned or interested (financially or

otherwise) in this Resolution.

The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set out at

Item No. 7 for the approval of Members.

Item No. 8

The Board of Directors of the Company, on the

recommendation of the Audit Committee, approved

the appointment of M/s. RA & Co., Cost Accountants

(Firm Registration No. 000242) as the Cost Auditors of the

Company, to conduct the audit of the cost records of the

Company for the financial year ending 31st March, 2023 at

a remuneration of `13.50 lakhs (Rupees Thirteen Lakhs and

Fifty Thousand only) plus payment of applicable taxes and

reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the

Cost Auditors in connection with the aforesaid audit.

In terms of the provisions of Section 148(3) of the Companies

Act, 2013 read with Rule 14(a)(ii) of the Companies (Audit

and Auditors) Rules, 2014, Members of the Company are

required to ratify the remuneration proposed to be paid to

the Cost Auditors.

None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel

and their relatives (except Non-Executive Independent

Directors), are concerned or interested (financially or

otherwise) in this Resolution.

The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set out at

Item No. 8 for the approval of Members.

Item No. 9

As per the provisions of Section 188 of the Companies

Act, 2013 (‘Act’), transactions with related parties which

are on an arm’s length basis and in the ordinary course of

business, are exempted from the obligation of obtaining

prior approval of shareholders.

With effect from 1st April, 2022, Regulation 23 of Securities

and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (Listing

Regulations), mandates prior approval of the Shareholders

through ordinary resolution for all ‘material’ Related

Party Transactions.

For this purpose, a transaction with a Related Party shall

be considered ‘material’, if such transaction(s) to be

entered into individually or taken together with previous

transactions during a financial year, exceed `1,000 crores

or 10% of the annual consolidated turnover of the Company

as per the last audited financial statements of the

Company, whichever is lower.

SEBI, vide its circular dated 30th March, 2022, has clarified that

a Related Party Transaction approved by the Audit Committee

prior to 1st April, 2022, which continues beyond this date and if

it becomes material as per the materiality threshold provided

above, requires approval of the shareholders.

In accordance with the change in materiality threshold

and the Company’s revised ‘Policy on Related Party

Transactions’, the transaction as per the details given below

is being placed before the shareholders for their approval.

PT. Unilever Oleochemical Indonesia (UOI) is a wholly

owned subsidiary of Unilever PLC and fellow subsidiary

312

313

Hindustan Unilever Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director of Unilever Bangladesh in 2002. In

2007, he was appointed as Chairman and CEO of Unilever

Philippines. In 2008, he took up his responsibilities as the

Chairman and CEO of Unilever North Africa and Middle East

(NAME), leading a multi-country organisation spanning 20

countries in the region.

During his tenure as the head of various Unilever

Companies, the business achieved significant success

accelerating both growth and profitability. Importantly,

he has been instrumental in building leadership talent and

substantially strengthening organisational capabilities.

Before joining Unilever, Mr. Mehta worked for Union Carbide

India Limited. He is a Commerce graduate and a Chartered

Accountant. He has also completed an Advanced

Management Program from Harvard Business School.

He is Chairperson of Risk Management Committee

and a Member of the Stakeholders’ Relationship

Committee, Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

of the Company.

Directorship in other Companies

Unlisted

Hindustan Unilever Foundation (Director)

Breach Candy Hospital Trust (Nominee Director)

Bhavishya Alliance Child Nutrition Initiatives (Director)

Indian School of Business (Director)

Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry

(Director)

Air India Limited (Additional Director)

Mr. Mehta does not hold any Membership/Chairmanship of

the Board Committees in other Companies.

DEV BAJPAI (DIN: 00050516)

Mr. Dev Bajpai (56) was appointed as the Executive Director

– Legal and Company Secretary and as a Member of

the Management Committee of the Company in 2010.

Mr. Bajpai took additional responsibility of Corporate

Affairs function in the year 2012. Mr. Bajpai was appointed

as an Executive Director on the Board of the Company on

23rd January, 2017.

He has 30 plus years of experience in the areas of Legal,

Compliance, Tax and Corporate Affairs across diverse

industries including Automobiles, FMCG, Hospitality and

Private Equity.

Profile of Directors

Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Bajpai has worked in

Maruti Udyog Limited, Marico Limited, The Indian Hotels

Company Limited and ICICI Venture Funds Management

Company Limited.

Mr. Bajpai has been a part of committees of Apex Industry

Organisations like Confederation of Indian Industry (CII)

and Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and

Industry (FICCI).

Mr. Bajpai is a Fellow Member of the Institute of Company

Secretaries of India and holds a law degree from University

of Delhi. He has also completed an Executive Programme

for Corporate Counsels conducted by Harvard Law School.

He is a Member of the Risk Management Committee of the

Company and in his capacity as a Company Secretary is a

secretary to all Board Committees.

Directorship in other Companies

Unlisted

Hindustan Unilever Foundation (Director)

Bhavishya Alliance Child Nutrition Initiatives (Director)

Indian Beauty and Hygiene Association (Director)

Unilever India Limited (Director)

Mr. Bajpai does not hold any Membership/Chairmanship of

the Board Committees in other Companies.

RITESH TIWARI (DIN: 05349994)

Mr Ritesh Tiwari (46) is the Executive Director, Finance & IT

and Chief Financial Officer of Hindustan Unilever Limited.

He is also the Vice President, Finance for Unilever, South

Asia. Mr. Tiwari joined Unilever as a management trainee

in 1999 after completing his certification as a Chartered

Accountant, and Cost and Management Accountant.

Over the last 22 years, he has led teams both within India

and overseas at Unilever in core finance and as a business

partner to front-end sales, categories and supply chain. His

most recent role has been in the UK as the Vice President,

Finance, Global Performance Management for Unilever

and CFO for Unilever International, where he is credited

with bringing digital transformation, simplification and

leading projects with high business impact.

Mr. Tiwari is driven by his purpose “Reimagine possibilities

and bring value with values.” He is a future-focussed, high

energy and results-oriented business leader.

He is also member of Corporate Social Responsibility

Committee, Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee and

Risk Management Committee.

Directorship in other Companies

Unlisted

Hindustan Unilever Foundation (Director)

Bhavishya Alliance Child Nutrition Initiatives (Director)

Bombay Chambers of Commerce and Industry

(Additional Director)

Unilever India Limited (Director)

Mr. Tiwari does not hold any Membership/Chairmanship of

the Board Committees in other Companies.

WILHELMUS UIJEN (DIN: 08614686)

Mr. Wilhelmus Uijen (47) has been appointed as

Executive Director, Supply Chain with effect from

1st January, 2020. He also leads the Supply Chain function

for Unilever, South Asia.

Mr. Uijen started his career at Unilever in 1999 as a

Management Trainee in the Netherlands. He has held a

series of assignments in Supply Chain and Research and

Development. He has spent most of his professional life

working in various roles in Supply Chain for Unilever’s Latin

America business where he was based in Mexico City from

2003 to 2015 with a short assignment in London. He has

been the Supply Chain Vice President for Unilever, Mexico

and the Caribbean (2012-2015), Vice President Home Care

SC Latin America based out of Switzerland (2015-2016)

and recently headed Unilever’s Supply Chain, Home Care

division based out of London (2016-2019).

He holds a Master of Science (M.Sc.) degree in Applied

Physics from Eindhoven University in the Netherlands.

Mr. Uijen is a Member of Risk Management Committee

of the Company.

Directorship in other Companies

Unlisted

Unilever India Exports Limited (Director)

Unilever India Limited (Director)

Membership/Chairmanship of Board Committees in other

Companies

Unlisted

Unilever India Exports Limited

- Nomination and Remuneration Committee (Member)

- Corporate Social Responsibility Committee (Member)

O. P. BHATT (DIN: 00548091)

Mr. O. P. Bhatt (71) is the former Chairman of

SBI (State Bank of India). In the 37 years that

Mr. Bhatt served at SBI, he worked on several important

national and international assignments. Mr. Bhatt led

Profile of Directors

316

317

Hindustan Unilever Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director of the Gujarat Industrial

Development Corporation and stints at senior levels in the

Government of India in the Cabinet Office, the Ministry of

Petroleum, the Ministry of Health & Family Welfare and the

Ministry of Finance. He served as a Secretary in the Ministry

of Finance till his superannuation.

Dr. Misra has represented India in various international

conferences, seminars and negotiations. Dr. Misra has

been a Member of the Advisory Council of the Asian

Development Bank Institute, Tokyo. He was also a

Member of the Committee on Fiscal Consolidation (Kelkar

Committee) set up by the Finance Minister in August, 2012

to chart out a road map for fiscal consolidation for the

Indian economy.

Dr. Misra graduated in Economics from St. Stephen’s

College, Delhi. He has a Master’s degree in Economics

from the Delhi School of Economics, a Master’s degree

in Public Administration from John F Kennedy School of

Government, Harvard University, USA and a Ph.D. from the

Jawaharlal Nehru University, New Delhi. In recognition of

exceptional academic strengths and leadership qualities,

Dr. Misra was designated as Lucius N Littauer Fellow of

1987 at Harvard University.

Dr. Misra was appointed as an Independent Director on the

Board of the Company in April, 2013. He is the Chairman

of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and a

Member of the Audit Committee and Corporate Social

Responsibility Committee of the Company.

Dr. Misra does not hold any Directorship or

Membership/Chairmanship of the Board Committees in

other Companies.

KALPANA MORPARIA (DIN: 00046081)

Ms. Kalpana Morparia (72) was Chairman of J. P. Morgan,

South and Southeast Asia and Member of J. P. Morgan’s

Asia Pacific Management Committee.

Prior to joining J. P. Morgan India, Ms. Morparia served

as Vice Chair on the Boards of ICICI Group Companies.

She was a Joint: Managing Director of ICICI Group from

2001 to 2007. She had been with the ICICI Group since 1975.

A graduate in law from Bombay University, Ms. Morparia

has served on several committees constituted by the

Government of India. She has also been recognised by

several International & National media for her role as one

of the leading women professionals.

Ms. Morparia serves as an Independent Director on the

Boards of Dr. Reddy’s Lab. Ltd., Philip Morris International

Inc. and Delhivery Limited. She is also a Member of the

Governing Board of Bharti Foundation and a director on

General India Foundation. She is also a Governing Body

Member of Foundation for Audit Quality (FAQ).

Ms. Morparia was appointed as an Independent Director

on the Board of the Company with effect from 9th October,

2014. She is Chairperson of the Audit Committee and a

Member of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee

and Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

of the Company.

Directorship in other Companies

Listed

Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited (Independent Director)

Unlisted

Delhivery Limited (Director)

Generation India Foundation (Director)

Membership/

Managing Director at CRISIL

(Credit Rating Information Services of India Limited) and

a member of the Operating Committee of S&P Global.

She serves on Advisory Boards and Committees of several

institutions like the Securities and Exchange Board of

India, Insolvency and Bankruptcy Board of India, National

Institute of Securities and Markets.

Ms. Suyash played a pivotal role in enabling CRISIL regain

its Ratings Leadership position and transform to become a

Global analytics company and solutions provider through

wide scale adoption of technology. She led CRISIL’s growth

through acquisitions in a very challenging environment.

Prior to her role as CEO and MD at CRISIL, Ms. Suyash

worked with reputed financial organisations - L&T Financial

Services Group, Fidelity International and Citibank.

Ms. Suyash has recently founded Colossa Ventures LLP, an

innovative platform aimed at providing capital, capability

and confidence building for women entrepreneurs and

women-focussed businesses. She was appointed as an

Independent Director on the Board of Kotak Mahindra

Bank in January 2022. She is also a member of their Audit

Committee and Risk Management Committee.

Ms. Suyash is a Chartered Accountant from the

Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and

completed her Bachelor’s Degree in Commerce from the

University of Mumbai.

Ms. Ashu Suyash was appointed as an Independent

Director on the Board of Hindustan Unilever Limited on

12th November, 2021. Ms. Ashu Suyash is also member

of Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration

Committee and Risk Management Committee

of the Company.

Directorship in other Companies

Listed

Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited (Independent Director)

Membership/Chairmanship of Board Committees in other

Companies

Listed

Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited

- Audit Committee (Member)

- Risk Management Committee (Member)

DIRECTORS’ INTEREST

None of the Directors of the Company is inter-se related

to each other. The Directors seeking approval for

appointment/re-appointment may be deemed to be

concerned or interested to the extent of shares held by

them in the Company as given in the table below:

Name of the Director

No. of Shares

% Holding

Nitin Paranjpe

1,24,509

0.0053

Sanjiv Mehta

1,410

0.0001

Ritesh Tiwari

2,630

0.0001

Dev Bajpai

51,576

0.0022

O. P. Bhatt

245

0.0000

Note: Shareholding as on financial year ended

31st March, 2022.

None of the other Directors except mentioned above hold

any shares in the Company as on 31st March, 2022.

Profile of Directors

320

Hindustan Unilever Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

KIND ATTENTION MEMBERS:

Instructions to join the AGM

For detailed instructions to join the AGM through Video Conference

(VC)/ Other Audio Visual Means (OAVM) and the procedure to ask

questions/ seek clarifications with respect to the Integrated Annual

Report, refer page no. 303 to 309 of this Integrated Annual Report.

Enhancing health,

hygiene and sanitation -

One Suvidha at a time

Hindustan Unilever Limited’s

latest and largest urban

community hygiene and

sanitation centre will help nearly

2 lakh individuals gain access to

better hygiene and sanitation.

Located in one of the most densely

populated urban slums, Dharavi in

Mumbai, the 7th Suvidha centre has 111

toilets, is powered by solar panels and

is designed to save over 6.5 million

litres of freshwater every year by

reusing treated wastewater and rainwater

harvesting. Additionally, to ensure

maximum impact, HUL will undertake

behaviour change programmes on water,

sanitation, nutrition, health & hygiene in

the communities around the centre. The

centre is built in partnership with HSBC

and the Municipal Corporation of Greater

Mumbai (MCGM).

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

