Dear Stakeholders,

In FY22, our India

business effectively

contributed 32%

of the Company’s

total sales.

We ventured into the Ready-to-

Heat segment, which has seen the

fastest growth in the food industry

over the past ten years, due to

the added value it provides to the

consumer. The Ready-to-Heat

business recorded a growth of

40% on a year-on-year basis.

We registered a

consolidated revenue

of J 5,451 crore over

J 4,773 crore in FY21,

a growth of 14%. Our

Gross Profit was up by

14% from J 1,608 crore

to J 1,836 crore and

gross margin stood at

33.7%.

We have embedded the

ESG framework in our

operational framework.

LT FOODS LIMITED

12

13

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

CORPORATE OVERVIEW:

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer

During the year under review, we extended

our ‘Banega toh Farq Dikhega’ campaign

to showcase the extra effort taken by us to

handpick the best-in-category products for our

customers.

In FY22 as well, we

remained consistent

in our ESG initiatives.

As a responsible

consumer food

company, we believe

it is imperative

to consider the

environmental

impact of our

business.

MANAGEMENT’S COMMUNIQUE

LT FOODS LIMITED

14

15

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

CORPORATE OVERVIEW:

Managing Director

Stakeholders Relationship

Committee

Member

Corporate Social

Responsibility & Environment

Social and Governance

Committee

Member

Risk Management Committee

Chairman

Governance Committee

Member

Capital Raising Committee

Member

Mrs. Neeru Singh

Independent Director

Audit Committee

Member

Nomination & Remuneration

Committee

Member

Stakeholders Relationship

Committee

Chairman

Corporate Social

Responsibility & Environment

Social and Governance

Committee

Chairman

Governance Committee

Member

Mr. Surinder Kumar Arora: Managing Director

Stakeholders Relationship

Committee

Member

Governance Committee

Member

Mr. Abhiram Seth

Lead Independent Director

Audit Committee

Member

Nomination & Remuneration

Committee

Managing Director

Abhiram Seth

Lead Independent Director

Surinder Kumar Arora: Managing

Managing Director in the Board Meeting with

effect from 26.05.2021. However, Shareholders did not

approve the resolution proposing appointment of Mr.

Ashok Kumar Arora as: Managing

letter to the

concerned designated employees and also taken

steps to strengthen internal control system for

avoidance of such act in future.

4)

According to information and Explanation and

verification of forms and returns maintained by

Company, FLA for the Financial Year 2020-21 was

filed on 18th August, 2021. However, the Company

had made an application to RBI for extension, which

was considered and RBI granted the extension to the

Company till 10.09.2021. Although, the due date for

filing was 15th July, 2021.

Reply: Company has duly noted the observation.

5)

As per section 7(2) of Payment of Gratuity Act,

1972, as soon as gratuity becomes payable, the

employer shall, whether an application referred to

in sub-section (1) has been made or not, determine

the amount of gratuity and give notice in writing to

the person to whom the gratuity is payable and also

to the controlling authority specifying the amount

gratuity so determined. However, on verification of

records of the Company, it has been found that it has

defaulted in giving such intimation to the controlling

authority.

Reply: Company has duly noted the observations and

will be more vigilant in future for the same.

6)

As per sub-section (3) of Section 7 of The Payment of

Gratuity Act, 1972 “The employer shall arrange to pay

the amount of gratuity within 30 days from the date it

becomes payable to the person to whom the gratuity

is payable”. However, on verification of records of

company, it has been found that the company has

defaulted in adherence to the timeline with respect to

the payment of Gratuity to the ex-employees.

Reply: Company has duly noted the observations and

will be more vigilant in future for the same.

7)

As per sub-section (3A) Section 7 of The Payment

of Gratuity Act, 1972 ,”If the amount of gratuity

payable under sub-section (3) is not paid by the

employer within the period specified in sub-section

(3), the employer shall pay, from the date on which

the gratuity becomes payable to the date on which

it is paid, simple interest at such rate, not exceeding

the rate notified by the Central Government from

time to time for repayment of long-term deposits,

as that Government may, by notification specify.

On verification of records, it was found that, though

there was delay in payment of gratuity, no payment of

simple interest was made to the employee.

Reply: Company has duly noted the observations and

will be more vigilant in future for the same.

LT FOODS LIMITED

104:

Managing Director

2.15

Permanent

B.Sc.

46

64

N.A.

7.19

Ashwani Kumar Arora: Managing

Managing Director

Gurugram, 29th July, 2022

DIN: 00012203

LT FOODS LIMITED

110:

Managing Director of the Company in the Annual

General Meeting.

2. Taken approval of following resolution through Postal

Ballot –

a)

Approval of Material Related Party Transactions with

Daawat foods Limited for the financial year 2022-23.

b)

Approval of Material related Party Transactions of the

subsidiaries of LT Foods Limited with LT Americas Inc

(wholly owned subsidiary of LT foods Limited)

For D Dixit and Associates

Company Secretaries

CS Debasis Dixit

FCS No. 7218, CP No.: 7871

Place: New Delhi

UDIN- F007218D000702550

Date: 28.07.2022

PR-1823/2022

Note: This report is to be read with our: letter of even date,

which is annexed as Annexure-A, and forms as integral part

of this report.

115

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

STATUTORY REPORTS

Managing Director

DIN: 00012203

Place: Gurugram

Date: 29th July, 2022

121

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

STATUTORY REPORTS:

Managing Director & CEO

Sl.

No.

Particulars

Details

1

DIN Number (if applicable)

01574773

2

Name

Ashwani Kumar Arora

3

Designation: Managing

Managing Director

Date: 29th July, 2022

DIN: 00012203

131

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

STATUTORY REPORTS:

Managing Director

2.

Mr. Ashwani Kumar Arora

Promoter: Managing Director

3.

Mr. Surinder Kumar Arora

Promoter

Managing Director

4.

Mr. Anil Khandelwal

Independent

Non-Executive Independent Director

5.

Mr. Abhiram Seth

Independent

Non-Executive Independent Director

6.

Mrs. Ambika Sharma

Independent

Non-Executive Independent Director

7.

Mrs. Neeru Singh

Independent

Non-Executive Independent Director

(b) Attendance of each Director at the Meeting of the Board of Directors and the last Annual General Meeting:

Sl.

No. Name

Attendance in Board Meetings held on

Attendance at

Last AGM held on

May 26, 2021

July 30, 2021

Oct. 29, 2021

Jan. 31, 2022

Sep. 30, 2021

1.

Mr. Vijay Kumar Arora

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

2.

Mr. Ashwani Kumar

Arora

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

In terms of Regulation 34(3) read with Section C of SCHEDULE

V to SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015, as amended, a Report on Corporate

Governance for the year ended 31st March, 2022 is presented

below:

(1). A Brief Statement on LT Food’s Philosophy

on Code of Governance:

The Company has always believed in and followed the

best business practices, and has been compliant with

all the laws, exercised fairness and integrity in all its

dealings, thereby reiterated its commitment to enhance

Stakeholders’ value. The Company has a defined set of

guidelines for its internal governance based on business

ethics, legal compliance and professional conduct.

The Company is conscious of the fact that the success of a

corporation is a reflection of the professionalism, conduct

and ethical values of its management and employees. In

addition to compliance with regulatory requirements, the

Company endeavours to ensure that highest standards of

ethical and responsible conduct are met throughout the

Organization.

We have prepared this Corporate Governance Report on

the basis of the provisions of the Securities and Exchange

Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (Listing Regulations),

and the report contains details of Corporate Governance

systems and procedures followed within our Company.

Our approach towards enhancing shared value is steered

by strong principles and ethics established by our Board

of Directors.

(2). Board of Directors:

The Board of Directors has an optimum combination of

Executive and Non-Executive Independent Directors. On

March 31, 2022, Our Board consisted of Seven Directors,

three of whom are Executive, four are Non-Executive

Independent Directors including two Women Directors.The

Board of the Company is diverse in terms of qualification,

competence, skills and expertise which enables it to ensure

long term value creation for all the Stakeholders. Board is

functioning under the

Managing Director in the Board Meeting with

effect from 26.05.2021 subject to approval of Shareholders, However, Shareholders did not approve the resolution

proposing appointment of Mr. Ashok Kumar Arora as: Managing Director. Therefore, he ceased to hold Directorship

since 30th September 2021.

(iv). Due to pre-occupation and personal reasons, Mr. Suparas Bhandari and Mr. Gokul Patnaik resigned from the

Directorship of the Company with effect from 22nd July 2021.

(The outgoing directors confirmed that there was no other material reason for the resignation other than their pre-

occupation or personal reasons.)

(v). Due to personal reasons, Mr. Rajesh Kumar Srivastava resigned from the Nominee Directorship of the Company with

effect from 14th April 2021.

(c) Number of other Board of Directors or Committees in which a Director is a Member or Chairperson as on

31st March, 2022:

* Committee Memberships/

letter.

Separate Meeting of the Independent Directors:

The Independent Directors met separately on January

28th, 2022 without the presence of Non-Independent

Directors and the Members of Management and

discussed, inter-alia, the performance of Non-

Independent Directors and Board as a whole and

that of the Chairman of the Company, after taking

into consideration the views of Executive and Non-

Executive Directors.

In compliance with Listing Regulations, following

matters were reviewed and discussed during the

meeting:

(i). Performance of non-Independent Directors and

Board of Directors as a whole.

(ii). Performance of the Chairperson of the Company.

(iii). Quality, Quantity and Promptness of flow of

information between the Company Management

and the Board.

The Independent Directors were satisfied with all the

matters under consideration.

(3). Audit Committee:

(a) Brief description of terms of reference:

The terms of reference, powers and role and of the

Committee are in accordance with the requirements of

Section 177 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the

rules made thereunder and Regulation 18 read with Part C

of Schedule II of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

(b) Composition, Name of Members and Chairperson:

The Audit Committee comprises of 4 (Four) Non- Executive

Independent Directors as Members. All Members are

financially literate and possess sound knowledge of

accounts, finance and audit matters. The Company

Secretary of the Company acts as Secretary to the Audit

Committee. The Internal/Statutory Auditors of the Company

attend the Meetings of the Audit Committee on invitation of

the Chairman of the Committee.

The Composition of Audit Committee as on 31st March,

2022, is given below:

135

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

STATUTORY REPORTS:

Managing Director and Whole-time Directors as well as the nomination and appointment of

Directors.

The terms of reference of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee are as per the governing provisions of the Companies

Act, 2013 (Section 178) and the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (specified in Part

D of Schedule II).

Further, in terms of the SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014, the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee also supervises the various ESOP/ ESPS Plans of the Company.

(b) Composition, Name of Members and Chairperson:

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee comprises of 3 (Three) Non-Executive Independent Directors. The Company

Secretary of the Company acts as Secretary to the Nomination and Remuneration Committee.

The Composition of Nomination and Remuneration Committee as on 31st March, 2022, is given below:

LT FOODS LIMITED

136:

Managing Director of the Company draws salary from Daawat Foods Limited.

Criteria for payment to Non-Executive Directors of the Company is disclosed on the website of the Company. It is available

on http://ltgroup.in/pdf/Criteria-of-making-Payments-to-Non.pdf

Disclosure as per Companies Act, 2013 as required under Schedule V (C) (6)(c) of LODR has been disclosed in the Directors

Report.

There was no pecuniary relationship / transaction of Non – Executive Directors vis-à-vis the Company.

139

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

STATUTORY REPORTS:

Managing Director of the Company

(b) Whether any special resolutions passed in the previous three Annual General Meetings:

During the last three Annual General Meetings, the Shareholders of the Company have approved the Special Resolutions as

listed in the notices of the respective Annual General Meetings. Brief details of such resolutions are as under:

(c) Whether any special resolution passed last year

through postal ballot – details of voting pattern:

No special resolution is proposed to be passed through

postal ballot.

(d) Person who conducted the postal ballot exercise:

Two Ordinary resolutions relating to Related Party

Transactions were passed through Postal ballot on 31st

March 2022. The resolution so passed were:

(1). Approval of Material Related Party Transactions with

Daawat Foods Limited for the Financial Year 2022-23.

(2). Approval of Material Related Party Transactions of

the Subsidiaries of LT Foods Limited with LT Foods

Americas Inc. (Wholly Owned Subsidiary of LT Foods

Limited) for the Financial Year 2022-23.

CS Debasis Dixit, a Practicing Company Secretary

was appointed as the Scrutinizer for the postal ballot

exercise.

(e) Whether any special resolution is proposed to be

conducted through postal ballot:

No Resolution requiring Postal Ballot as required by the

Companies (Passing of Resolution by Postal Ballot) Rules,

2011, has been placed for Shareholder’s approval at

forthcoming Annual General Meeting.

(f) Procedure for postal ballot:

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 110 of the

Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 and 22 of the

Companies (Management and Administration) Rules,

2014 (as amended) and Regulation 44 of SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015, the resolutions as specified in the Notice of the

Postal Ballot dated 31st January, 2022 (as specified

above) were transacted through Postal Ballot / e-voting.

The postal ballot notice along with the postal forms was

mailed electronically to the members who had registered

their emails with the depositories on 2nd March 2022. As

exempted under MCA Circulars, physical ballots were not

dispatched.

The Company had engaged the services of NSDL for

providing e-voting facility to the members.

In respect of the Postal Ballot Notice dated 31st January,

2022, the members holding shares as on the cut-off date

of Friday, 18th February, 2022 were provided the option

of exercising their right to vote on the said resolution(s)

through postal ballot / e-voting during the period

commencing from Wednesday, 2nd March, 2022 at 9.00

A.M. to Thursday, 31st March, 2022. Upon completion of

the voting period, the scrutinizer completed the scrutiny

of votes cast and submitted his report to the Managing

Director. The results of the voting were declared on Friday,

1st April, 2022 on the website of the Stock Exchanges,

Company and NSDL.

(10). Means of communication:

(a) Quarterly results:

The Company publishes limited reviewed un-audited

standalone & consolidated financial results on a quarterly

basis. In respect of the fourth quarter, the Company

publishes the audited financial results both standalone &

consolidated for the complete financial year.

(b) Newspapers wherein results normally published:

The quarterly and annual results were generally published

in the Economic Times, Financial Express and Jansatta.

(c) Any website, where displayed:

The quarterly results are also displayed on the website of

the Company i.e., www.ltgroup.in, and is available on the

website of BSE and NSE.

(d) Whether it also displays official news releases:

Yes, the Company regularly publishes an information

update on its financial results and also displays official

news releases in the investors update section.

141

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

STATUTORY REPORTS:

Managing Director

of the Company whereas, Mr. Ashwani Kumar Arora,

is the CEO of the Company.

(e) Reporting of Internal Auditor: The Company

appointed Grant Thornton Bharat as the Internal

Auditors for conducting the internal audit for the

financial year 2021-22, representatives whereof

report to the Chief Financial Controller and has direct

access to the Audit Committee.

(15). The disclosures of the compliance with

corporate

governance

requirements

specified in regulation 17 to 27 and

clauses (b) to (i) of sub-regulation (2) of

regulation 46 shall be made in the section

on corporate governance of the annual

report:

The Company has complied with all the mandatory

requirements specified in Regulations 17 to 27 and clauses

(b) to (i) of sub – regulation (2) of Regulation 46 of the

SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015.

LT FOODS LIMITED

148:

Managing Director

DIN: 00012203

2022 in terms of Section 124 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority

(Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016. Members who have not encashed their Final Dividends in respect of

the financial year ended 31stMarch, 2015 or any subsequent year(s) are requested to lodge their claims with the Company.

A separate communication in this regard has already been sent to the Shareholders of the Company who have not encashed

their dividend warrants, providing them details of the unencashed warrants and requesting them to comply with the procedure

for seeking payment of the same.

In respect of Final Dividend for the financial year ended 31st March, 2015, it will not be possible to entertain claims which are

received by the Company after 31st August, 2022.

Members are advised that in terms of the provisions of Section 124 of the Companies Act, 2013, once unclaimed dividend

and shares are transferred to IEPF, no claim shall lie against the Company in respect thereof.

However, members may apply for the same with the IEPF authority by making an application in the prescribed Web Form No.

IEPF-5.

(22). Email Id. / Folio No. / DP ID No. Quote:

Shareholders are also requested to quote their E-mail IDs, Contact / Fax numbers for prompt reply to their correspondence.

Shareholders / Beneficial Owners are requested to quote their Folio Nos. / DP ID Nos., as the case may be, in all correspondence

with the Company.

151

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

STATUTORY REPORTS:

Managing Director and: Managing

Managing Director and: Managing

Managing Director and: Managing

Managing Director and: Managing

Managing Director

Mr. Surinder Kumar Arora: Managing

Managing Director and: Managing

Managing Director and: Managing

Managing Director and: Managing

Managing Director and: Managing

Managing Director and: Managing

Managing Director

Mr. Surinder Kumar Arora: Managing

Managing Director and: Managing

