letter dated February 6, 2023, as required under Regulation 34 of the SEBI

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the

following:

1.

Notice of the 28th Annual General Meeting of the Company scheduled to be held on Monday,

March 27, 2023 at 11:00 A.M. (1ST) through Video Conferencing / Other Audio Visual Means

facility; and

2.

Annual Report of the Company for the Financial Year ended December 31, 2022.

Further, please note that the Company is following 1st January to 31st December as its financial year

in terms ofSection 2(41) ofthe Companies Act, 2013 as approved by the Company Law Board.

You are requested to take the above on record.

Yours faithfully,

For Varun Beverages Limited

Ravi Batra

Chief Risk Officer & Group Company Secretary

Encl.: As above

/ c f

\ a 1

□ New Delhi 1 2.

y^.

-------/ y

Regd. Office : F-2/7, Okhla Industrial Area Phase-1, New Delhi - 110 020

Tel. : 011-41706720-25 Fax. 26813665

RAVI

BATRA

Digitally signed

by RAVI BATRA

Date: 2023.03.01

16:29:20 +05'30':

letter mentioning your name, folio

number, complete address and following details

relating to bank account in which the dividend is to

be received:

i)

Name & Branch address of Bank and Bank

Account type;

ii)

Bank Account Number allotted by your bank

after implementation of Core Banking Solutions;

and

iii)

11-digit IFSC.

b.

self attested scanned copy of cancelled cheque

bearing the name of the member or first holder, in

case shares are held jointly;

c.

self attested scanned copy of the PAN Card; and

d.

self attested scanned copy of any document (such

as Aadhar Card, Driving License, Election Identity

Card, Passport) in support of the address of the

member, as registered with the Company.

Members holding shares in demat mode are advised

to update their Electronic Bank Mandate with their

Depository Participant(s).

9.

In the event the Company is unable to pay the dividend

to any Member directly in their bank accounts through

Electronic Clearing Service or any other means, due to

non-registration of the Electronic Bank Mandate, the

Company shall dispatch the dividend warrant/ Bankers’

cheque/ demand draft to such Member within the

prescribed statutory period.

10.

In terms of Section 152 of the Act, Mr. Ravi Jaipuria,

Non-Executive Chairman, retires by rotation at the AGM

and being eligible, offer himself for re-appointment.

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the

Board of Directors of the Company recommended his

re-appointment.

11.

Details of Directors seeking appointment/re-appointment

in AGM pursuant to Secretarial Standard on General

Meetings (SS-2) and Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI LODR

Regulations are Annexed to this Notice of AGM.

12.

All documents referred in the accompanying Notice and

the Explanatory Statement are available on website of the

Company for inspection by the Members up to the date of

AGM and during the AGM.

13.

During the AGM, Members may access the scanned copy

of Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel and

their shareholding maintained under Section 170 of the

Act, the Register of contracts or arrangements in which

Directors are interested under Section 189 of the Act and

Certificate from Secretarial Auditors of the Company

certifying that Employees Stock Option Scheme 2016 of

the Company is being implemented in accordance with

the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based

Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021

and in accordance with the resolution of the Members of

the Company which will be available on website of the

Company.

14.

Pursuant to Sections 101 and 136 of the Act read with

relevant Rules made thereunder and Regulation 36 of

SEBI LODR Regulations, companies can serve Annual

Report and other communications through electronic

mode to those Members who have registered their e-mail

address either with the Company or with the Depository

Participants (‘DP’). Members holding shares in physical

form and who have not registered their e-mail address

with the Company can now register the same by sending

an email to Compliance Officer of the Company at

complianceofficer@rjcorp.in and/or by sending a request

to KFin Technologies Limited, Registrar and Share Transfer

Agent (‘RTA’) through email at einward.ris@kfintech.com

or contact at 1800-309-4001. Members holding shares in

demat form are requested to register their e-mail address

with their DP only. The registered e-mail address will be

used for sending future communications.

15.

In compliance with the aforesaid MCA Circulars and SEBI

Circular Nos. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2020/79, SEBI/

HO/CFD/CMD2/CIR/P/2022/62

and

SEBI/HO/CFD/

PoD-2/P/CIR/2023/4 dated May 12, 2020, May 13, 2022

and January 5, 2023 respectively, the Notice of AGM and

Annual Report along with login details for joining the AGM

through VC / OAVM facility including e-voting are being

sent only through electronic mode to those Members

whose e-mail address are registered with the Company

or DP or RTA, unless the Members have registered their

request for physical copy of the same. Members may note

that this Notice of AGM and Annual Report will also be

available on Company’s website (www.varunpepsi.com),

Stock Exchange’s website (www.bseindia.com and www.

nseindia.com) and National Securities Depository Limited

(‘NSDL’) website (www.evoting.nsdl.com).

16.

The Notice of AGM and Annual Report will be sent to

those Members / beneficial owners whose name appears

in the Register of Members / list of beneficiaries received

from the Depositories as on Friday, February 24, 2023.

03:

letter etc. with attested specimen signature of

the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized

to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail at sanjaygrover7@

gmail.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in.

Institutional / Corporate shareholders (i.e. other than

individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board

Resolution/ Authority: Letter etc. by clicking on “Upload

Board

Resolution

/

Authority

Letter”

displayed

under “e-voting” tab in their login.

2.

It is strongly recommended not to share your password

with any other person and take utmost care to keep your

password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will

be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the

correct password. In such an event, you will need to go

through the ‘Forgot User Details/Password?’ or ‘Physical

User Reset Password?’ option available on www.evoting.

nsdl.com to reset the password.

3.

In case of any query, you may refer the Frequently

Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-voting

user manual for Shareholders available at the download

section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll free no.:

1800 1020 990 and 1800 22 44 30 or send a request to

Ms. Pallavi Mhatre, Senior Manager, NSDL at evoting@

nsdl.co.in or at 4th Floor, ‘A’ Wing, Trade World, Kamala

Mills Compound, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel,

Mumbai- 400 013.

Process for those shareholders whose email address are not

registered with the Depositories for procuring user id and

password and registration of email address for e-voting on

the resolutions set out in this Notice

1.

Physical Holding: Send a request to KFin Technologies

Limited, Registrar and Share Transfer Agent at einward.

ris@kfintech.com providing your name, folio no., scanned

copy of the share certificate (front and back), self-attested

scanned copy of PAN card and self-attested scanned

copy of Aadhar Card, for registering e-mail address.

2.

Demat Holding: Please contact your DP and register your

e-mail address in your demat account, as per the process

advised by your DP.

07

letter of re-appointment of Ms. Sita Khosla,

Dr. Ravi Gupta and Ms. Rashmi Dhariwal as Independent

Directors setting out the terms and conditions are available on

website of the Company for inspection by the Members upto

the date of AGM.

Details of Ms. Sita Khosla, Dr. Ravi Gupta and Ms. Rashmi

Dhariwal pursuant to the provisions of (i) SEBI LODR

Regulations and (ii) Secretarial Standard on General Meetings

(‘SS-2’) issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India

are provided in the ‘Annexure’ to the Notice.

Ms. Sita Khosla, Dr. Ravi Gupta and Ms. Rashmi Dhariwal are

interested in the respective resolutions set out at Item Nos.

5, 6 & 7 of the Notice with regard to their respective re-

appointments. The relatives of Ms. Sita Khosla, Dr. Ravi Gupta

and Ms. Rashmi Dhariwal may be deemed to be interested in

the respective resolutions to the extent of their shareholding,

if any, in the Company. Ms. Sita Khosla, Dr. Ravi Gupta and

Ms. Rashmi Dhariwal are not related to any Director of the

Company.

Save and except the above, none of the other Directors / Key

Managerial Personnel of the Company / their relatives are, in

any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in

the resolution except to the extent of their shareholding, if any,

in the Company.

The Board of Directors of the Company recommends the

resolution set out at Item Nos. 5, 6 & 7 for approval of the

Members as Special Resolutions.

By Order of the Board

For Varun Beverages Limited

Ravi Batra

Chief Risk Officer &

Group Company Secretary

Membership No. F-5746

Place: Gurugram

Address: F-2/7, Okhla Industrial Area,

Date: February 6, 2023

Phase – I, New Delhi - 110 020

10:

Dear Shareholders,

It gives me immense pleasure to place before you the

28th Annual Report of the Company.

Ravi Jaipuria

Non-Executive Chairman

Varun Beverages Limited

08:

Dear Stakeholders,

We understand that a sustainable, inclusive and resilient

value system is vital to the future of humanity. At Varun

Beverages, our purpose and strategy are centered on

our commitment to the ESG principles. We have made

significant strides on our ESG performance in the past

few years, as we remained committed to work with our

stakeholders across the value chain to build sustainable

pathways forward.

Varun Beverages Limited

24:

Managing Director

5

Dr. Ravi Gupta

Devyani International Limited

Non-executive & Independent Director

Global Health Limited

Non-executive & Independent Director

6

Mr. Pradeep Sardana

Devyani International Limited

Non-executive & Independent Director

7

Ms. Rashmi Dhariwal

Devyani International Limited

Non-executive & Independent Director

Vindhya Telelinks Limited

Non-executive & Independent Director

Committees of the Board

The Board Committees play a vital role in strengthening

the

Corporate

Governance

practices.

The

Board

Committees are set up under formal approval of the Board

to carry out clearly defined roles which are considered

to be performed by Members of the Board as a part of

good governance practice. The Board supervise the

execution of responsibilities by the Committee. Minutes

of the proceedings of all the Committee meetings are

circulated to the Board to take note of the same. The

Board Committees may request special invitees to join

the meeting, as appropriate.

As required under Schedule V (Annual Report) of the SEBI

(LODR) Regulations, mandatory disclosure(s) related

to the Audit, Risk Management and Ethics Committee,

Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee and Nomination

and Remuneration Committee are as follows:

(i) Audit, Risk Management and Ethics Committee

The terms of reference and composition of the Audit,

Risk Management and Ethics Committee satisfy the

requirements of Section 177 of the Act read with

the Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers)

Rules, 2014 and Regulations 18 and 21 of the SEBI

(LODR) Regulations.

The brief terms of reference of Audit, Risk

Management and Ethics Committee are as under:

•

Oversight of the Company’s financial reporting

process, examination of the financial statement

and the auditors’ report thereon and the

disclosure of its financial information to ensure

that its financial statements are correct,

sufficient and credible.

•

Recommendation for appointment, re-appointment

and replacement, remuneration and terms of

appointment of auditors of the Company and

approval of payment for any other services

rendered by the statutory auditors of the Company.

•

Reviewing with the Management, the quarterly

/ annual results and annual financial statements

and Auditors’ Report thereon before submission

to the Board for approval. This would, inter-alia,

include reviewing changes in the accounting

policies and reasons for the same, major

accounting entries involving estimates based on

exercise of judgement by Management, significant

adjustments made in the financial statements.

•

Review of the Management’s Discussion and

Analysis of financial condition and results of

operations.

•

Scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investments.

•

Evaluation of internal financial controls and risk

management systems.

•

Reviewing the functioning of the whistle blower/

vigil mechanism.

•

Formulate a detailed risk management policy

which shall include:

-

Framework for identification of internal

and external risks.

-

Measures for risk mitigation including

systems and processes for internal control

of identified risks.

-

Business continuity plan.

•

Evaluate and review the risk management

plan, the risk management system, including

risk policy, risk process (risk identification,

assessment, mitigation and monitoring), cyber

security processes and risk registers laid down

by the Management.

•

Recommendation for appointment, removal and

terms of remuneration of the Chief Risk Officer.:

letter

issued to respective Director at the time of his / her appointment/re-appointment.

During the Financial Year 2022, no loans and advances in the nature of loans to firms/companies in which directors are

interested was given by the Company and its subsidiaries.:

letter to the Chief Risk

Officer & Group Company Secretary (‘Vigilance Officer’)

or to the Chairperson of the Audit, Risk Management and

Ethics Committee.

The Policy provides for adequate safeguards against

victimization of Directors and Employees who avail of

the vigil mechanism and also provides a direct access to

the Vigilance Officer or the Chairperson of the Audit, Risk

Management and Ethics Committee, in exceptional cases.

No personnel of the Company has been denied access to

the Audit, Risk Management and Ethics Committee.

The main objective of this policy is to provide a platform to

Directors and Employees to raise concerns regarding any

irregularity, misconduct or unethical matters / dealings

within the Company, which may have a negative bearing

on the organization either financially or otherwise.

This policy provides an additional channel to the normal

management hierarchy for employees to raise concerns

about any breach of the Company’s values or instances of

violations of the Company’s Code of Conduct. Therefore,

it is in line with the Company’s commitment to open

communication and to highlight any such matters which

may not be getting addressed in a proper manner. During

the year under review, no complaint was received under

the Whistle Blower Policy.

Compliance with the Code of Conduct

To comply with the provisions of Regulation 17(5) of SEBI

(LODR) Regulations, the Company has adopted “Code of

Conduct for Board of Directors and Senior Management”

(‘Code’). Code is available on website of the Company at

https://varunpepsi.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/

Code-Of-Conduct-For-Board-Of-Directors-and-Senior-

Management-Revised.pdf

On the basis of declarations received from Board Members

and Senior Management Personnel, the Executive Vice

Chairman & Whole-time Director has given a declaration

that the Members of the Board of Directors and Senior

Management Personnel have affirmed compliance with

the Code during the Financial Year 2022. A copy of such

declaration is also attached with this report.

General Body Meetings

Annual General Meeting

The Annual General Meetings (‘AGM’) of the Company

during the preceding three years were held at the

following venue, date and time, wherein the following

special resolutions were passed:

AGM

Financial

Year

Day, Date &

Time

Venue/Mode

Brief description of Special Resolutions

27th

2021

Thursday,

April 7, 2022

at 11:00 a.m.

Registered Office Through

Video Conferencing / Other

Audio Visual Means facility

•

Payment of profit related commission to Non-executive

Directors

•

Amendments in the ‘Employees Stock Option Scheme

2016’

•

Grant of stock options to the employees of holding,

subsidiary, group or associate company(ies) of

the Company under the ‘Employees Stock Option

Scheme 2016’

26th

2020

Wednesday,

April 7, 2021

at 11:00 a.m.

Registered Office Through

Video Conferencing / Other

Audio Visual Means Facility

•

Continuation of directorship of Dr. Naresh Trehan as

Non-executive Independent Director

•

Payment of profit related commission to Non-executive

Directors

25th

2019

Friday, June

26, 2020

at 11:00 a.m.

Registered Office Through

Video Conferencing / Other

Audio Visual Means facility

•

Payment of profit related commission to Non-executive

Directors:

letter, duly signed by the

first/sole holder quoting details of Folio Number.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

For Varun Beverages Limited

Date: February 6, 2023

Place: Gurugram

Ravi Jaipuria

Chairman

DIN: 00003668:

Chairman's Message section (Page 24) in Sustainability Report:

