Letter

5

Insights from the CEO

6

Operating and Financial Review

10

Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources

26

Environmental, Social and Governance

32

Corporate Governance Statement

40

Directors’ Report

42

Remuneration Report

50

Auditor’s Independence Declaration

68

Contents of Financial Report

69

Consolidated Income Statement

71

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

72

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

73

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

75

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

76

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

77

Directors’ Declaration

120

Independent Audit Report

121

Additional Information

126

Corporate Directory

131

Contents

3

PALADIN ENERGY LTD: ANNUAL REPORT 2023:

Letter: Dear Shareholders,

The 2023 Financial Year saw Paladin continue to

execute on our strategy of returning the Langer

Heinrich Mine (LHM) to production. The Restart Project

is well advanced. The work executed combined with

our well-defined pathway to production and the quality

of our on-site operational and project management

team ensure the project remains on track and on

budget for first production in the first quarter of

CY2024.

The restart of production at the LHM builds on the

10 year production history of the asset. The project

has reserve life to support 17 years of operations

with annual peak production representing around 4%

of annual global uranium production1 – a considerable

contributor to the evolution to a carbon-free energy

economy.

We have secured a strong uranium offtake portfolio

with leading top tier global counterparties that will

underpin the restart of the LHM. The LHM production

is in strong demand from global utilities given the

strategic importance of Namibia as a reliable,

independent jurisdiction and the proven nature of our

product. We will continue to layer our offtake contracts

to ensure we provide a financially robust offtake

position for the project. Importantly our contract

book remains overweight to market-related pricing

mechanisms to ensure that our Company continues to

benefit from the strong demand and pricing outlook

for uranium.

Nuclear energy remains one of the most cost

effective and lowest carbon emitting forms of energy

generation and the only viable long-term source of

low carbon emission baseload power. Nuclear energy

has received bipartisan political support in the United

States of America and will benefit from the funds

and grants available via the Inflation Reduction Act.

Government support for nuclear is also significant

across Europe where it has been recognised as

a green source of energy by the European Union.

The growing global support for nuclear as a low carbon

source of energy will continue to drive the underlying

demand for uranium. With limited investment in new

uranium mines, there is a growing supply deficit that

is anticipated to remain at over 40Mlb per annum over

the next decade. The LHM is set to deliver production

into an increasingly supportive demand and price

environment and Paladin stands ready to be part of a

sustainable future.

Paladin is wholly committed to a best practice, globally

accredited Environmental, Social and Governance

(ESG) framework that sets standards of organisational

behaviour and holds us firmly accountable. Our

activities are underpinned by our ESG framework

which is vitally important to us, and we work hard to

ensure that both our personal and our organisational

values and actions align with these standards. Paladin

was delighted to welcome Dr Jon Hronsky OAM

and Mrs Lesley Adams to the Paladin Energy Board

during the year. Their extensive experience expands

the complimentary skill set of the Paladin Board and

reflects the Company’s commitment to maintaining the

highest standards of leadership and governance.

I would like to extend my thanks to all of our

stakeholders who continue to support our Company

as we work towards restarting the LHM. In particular, I

would like to thank all of our staff, led by our CEO Ian

Purdy, for your ongoing hard work and commitment.

Finally, and most especially I wish to express my

thanks to shareholders for continuing to offer trust and

support as we return Paladin to production.

Together, we look forward to building a positive and

sustainable future for our Company and for the planet.

Yours faithfully

Cliff Lawrenson

Chair

1UxC 2Q 2022. Production includes existing and returning production during Paladin’s peak production phase (as noted in the ASX Announcement

“Langer Heinrich Mine Restart Plan Update, Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve Update” dated 4 November 2021)

PALADIN ENERGY LTD: ANNUAL REPORT 2023

5

Dear Shareholders,

Paladin is on a clear pathway to becoming a globally

significant independent uranium producer, helping the

transition to a low-carbon global economy. Activities to

restart production at the Langer Heinrich Mine (LHM)

advanced during the year and the project remains on

track and budget for first production in the first quarter

of CY2024. The low risk, brownfield restart activities at

LHM are supported by a combination of:

• Well defined pathway to production

• Strong in-country management and EPCM team

• Industry leading offtake portfolio

• Growing demand for uranium supported by

increasing government support and incentives for

nuclear energy

• Strong balance sheet

• Supportive local government and communities in

Namibia.

With a structurally improving demand environment for

uranium, an exceptional world-class project and strong

sustainability credentials, Paladin remains positioned

to continue to deliver sustainable returns to our

shareholders.

ACTIVITIES AT THE LHM REMAIN ON

TRACK AND BUDGET

Paladin’s owner team, alongside EPCM partner, ADP,

continue to progress and execute activities focused on

returning the LHM to production.

The Restart Project site works remain focused on

general Repairs and Refurbishment activities to return

the existing process plant to operational readiness.

In parallel, ADP continues to provide engineering and

procurement services for the delivery of the Growth

Project's process upgrades to increase throughput

capacity and operational availability.

The Restart Project is well advanced and the following

activities were progressed over FY2023:

• Over 850,000 lost time injury free project manhours

executed at the end of FY2023

• Contractor workforce fully ramped up to anticipated

peak with over 1,000 personnel on site, many from

local communities

• Delivery of critical construction materials, plant and

equipment to site, including the Hydrosort classifier,

agitators, thickeners, cyclones, structural steel,

prefabricated tanks and tank strakes

• Progression of Growth Project steel fabrication

activities, including construction of the Hydrosort

structure, other structural steel, plate works and

leach surge tanks

• Workshop site assembly and testing of the

automated and dustless drumming plant

• Mobilisation of the Project Commissioning Manager

and commissioning team

• Shipment of the ion-exchange resin, required for the

uranium extraction process

• Onboarding of the General Manager, Langer Heinrich

Operations – Mining and the Process Manager

• An independent operational readiness gap

assessment was completed, confirming the LHM is

well placed for operations

• Recruitment strategies for the operational workforce

and initial engagements with potential mining

contractors have commenced.

Activities for FY2024 until first production include:

• Completion of the Repair & Refurbishment and

Growth Project works

• Introduction of stockpile ore

• Completion of the operational readiness programme

• Completion of commissioning and handover to LHM

Operations.

PALADIN ENERGY LTD: ANNUAL REPORT 2023

6:

Managing Director and CEO

of Sedgman Limited. Mr Watson has also held a

number of senior and directorship roles at Strandline

Resources Ltd, New Century Resources, Resource

Generation and EvacGroup (private), bringing

significant board level experience at both the public

and wholly owned company level, particularly on

matters covering project development and delivery,

operations re-start, safety, governance, financial

reporting, risk management, strategy and leadership.

Special Responsibilities:

• Chairman of Project Steering Committee

• Chair of Technical & Sustainability Committee

• Member of Audit & Risk Committee

Current listed company Directorships: Non-Executive

Director of Strandline Resources Ltd (ASX:STA) and

Australian Vanadium Limited (ASX:AVL)

Former listed company Directorships (last three

years): Evacuation Services Australia Pty Ltd and New

Century Resources Limited.

1As announced on the ASX Mr Lawrenson ceased to be a director of Caspin Resources Limited effective 14 August 2023

PALADIN ENERGY LTD: ANNUAL REPORT 2023

42:

Managing Director and CEO of Mirabela Nickel Limited,: Managing

Dear Shareholders,

On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present the

Paladin Remuneration Report for the 2023 financial

year on behalf of the Governance, Remuneration and

Nomination Committee.

Company Performance Overview

Building on the decision in July 2022 to resume

operations at the Langer Heinrich Mine, Paladin has

experienced an exceptional year during which we

have successfully secured key offtake contracts

and are efficiently executing the Langer Heinrich

restart project on schedule and budget. As a result,

production is on track to commence in Q1 CY2024.

These achievements are a testament to the dedication

and expertise of our workforce, led by the Chief

Executive Officer, Ian Purdy, and the Executive team.

The unwavering commitment of our staff has played

a pivotal role in positioning Paladin as a leading global

uranium production company.

Independent Remuneration Review

The Board is committed to ensuring our remuneration

framework is focused on driving a performance

culture that closely aligns with the achievement of our

strategic and business objectives, and shareholder

experience over short- and long-term time frames.

The Company engaged Korn Ferry in May 2023 to

complete an independent remuneration benchmarking

and design review of the remuneration framework for

non-executive directors and Executive KMP.

The comprehensive review encompassed:

• Market benchmarking of non-executive director

fees; and

• Market benchmarking of total annual remuneration

for Executive KMP, including incentive schemes.

PALADIN ENERGY LTD: ANNUAL REPORT 2023

50:

