Managing Director of Lakshmi

Machine Works and as the Chairman of Super Sales and Lakshmi

Life Sciences. He is also on the Boards of several companies viz.,

The Lakshmi Mills Company, Lakshmi Technology and Engineering

Industries, etc.

Aroon Raman, 60 years

Mr. Aroon Raman holds a Master’s degree in Economics from

Jawaharlal Nehru University, New Delhi and a MBA from Wharton

School, USA. He was the: Managing Director of Raman Boards

and then Raman Fibre Science Private Limited. He has served as

Dear Shareholders,

We are facing an unprecedented crisis - the novel Corona Virus

Disease (COVID-19), a global pandemic which has not only

affected economies across the world but turned lives upside

down. Resilience, Compassion and Hope are the need of the hour.

Hence, I urge you to be safe, positive and optimistic to overcome

these challenging times.

The global economic growth forecast for the year was already

indicative of macro uncertainties owing to the US-China trade

tensions, rising protectionism, stringent monetary policies etc.

Though the economy was poised for a modest rebound, the outlook

continued to be fragile against the backdrop of rising debt and

declining productivity. The growth in emerging and developing

economies was expected to be better with India remaining

one of the bright spots. However, the onset of the COVID-19

has caused the deepest global recession in several decades.

While the ultimate outcome is still uncertain, the pandemic is

expected to result in contractions across economies causing

lasting damage to labour productivity and potential output.

The growth momentum in CUMI which was initially impacted by

the slow-down in the Automotive and other core industries during

the financial year 2019-20, was on a rebound when the pandemic

struck. While the impact caused a 7% decline in the standalone

revenues for the Company, the geographical diversification of

operations aided in reducing the decline to 3% at the consolidated

level.

The lower demand across user industries including the intensified

growth decline in Automotive industries, and a slow-down in

core industries caused cascading effect on other user industries

resulting in an overall decline in growth. This, coupled with the

shutting down of operations in adherence to the Government

directives for a lockdown to combat the spread COVID-19 towards

the end of the financial year impacted the performance for the year.

Despite the decline in the growth, the profitability of the Company

continued to be protected by operational efficiencies through

Total Productive Maintenance (TPM) practices and rigorous cost

management. The improvement in profitability was also attributed

to an increase in non-operating income as well as reduction of

corporate taxes during the year. The Company remains debt-

free owing to prudent working capital management and well

executed capital expenditure programmes providing the much

needed liquidity during these crisis times. Capital Expenditure,

focused on capacity increases, facilities for new products as well

as maintenance was met entirely from internal accruals.

During the year, the Company made an interim dividend payment

of Rs.2.75/- share of Re. 1/- each which is at the same levels as

that of the previous year. Considering the prevailing uncertainties

in business conditions and for efficient cash management, the

Board has prudently recommended the interim dividend paid

during the year to be confirmed as the final dividend for the year.

Abrasives

Abrasives, CUMI’s largest segment engaged in the business of

engineering surfaces recorded 11% decline in growth during

the year following a decline in growth in user industries mainly

Automotive, Auto ancillary, Fabrication and General Engineering.

While the business in Coated Abrasives did reasonably well, the

impact of the industry slow-down was very visible in Bonded

Abrasives. During the year, a state-of-the art maker facility was

commissioned in Sriperumbudur, Tamil Nadu - doubling the

existing capacity - to cater to the demand for Coated Abrasives

products globally. The focus on new markets and products

continued, duly supported by a robust distribution network. The

indigenous sourcing of input materials and better efficiencies

through TPM practices helped drive operational efficiency.

The revenue growth in Volzhsky Abrasive Works, (VAW) our

Russian subsidiary and Wendt (India) Limited, joint venture

company manufacturing Super Abrasives, Grinding Machines,

precision components was impacted owing to their dependency

on domestic Auto sector which saw a downturn in line with the

global Auto sector. The mixed Kharif crop season in India impacted

the business at Sterling Abrasives, the subsidiary manufacturing

specialist conventional Abrasives. The business in CUMI America

Chairman’s Message

saw a good growth riding on the back of increased product

establishments and customer acquisitions, thus turning profitable

during the year. CUMI Abrasives and Ceramics Company, China

bore the initial brunt of the pandemic ahead of the others when

the outbreak started in November 2019.

Ceramics

Despite being a challenging year both in India and globally,

the Ceramics business recorded a 4% growth over the previous

year. The Industrial Ceramics Business comprising, Technical

and Wear Ceramics is largely export driven. Focused marketing

efforts, penetration into new markets and servicing a global

customer network cushioned the business from the adverse

effects of the pandemic and economic slow-down. The Business

also received the prestigious CSIR Diamond Jubilee Technology

Award for development of global-scale technologies during the

year. Capacity expansion plans with an addition of a continuous

metallization furnace as well as smart manufacturing initiatives

were undertaken, and the Business continues to have a strong

focus on technology development.

CUMI Australia, the subsidiary engaged in lined equipment

business continued to perform well with a marginal increase

in revenue and profitability. With an improved performance by

CUMI America, the overall consolidated performance of Industrial

Ceramics was quite satisfactory in the prevailing conditions.

Refractories and Composites part of the business delivered an

improved performance during the first half of the year. However,

the cascading effect of the slow-down in core industries resulting

in project and capital expenditure deferrals by user industries

adversely impacted the performance of this business. The

Company’s joint venture Murugappa Morgan Thermal Ceramics,

engaged in manufacture of Ceramic Fiber products, which had a

stellar performance last year, recorded a subdued performance

impacted by changes in product mix.

Electrominerals

The Electrominerals business, with its customer portfolio

significantly being Refractory and Abrasives users, recorded a

marginal growth of 1% in revenues over the previous year. This

was mainly attributed by the growth of this business at VAW,

Russia supported by a favorable product mix. During the year,

the business successfully converted its Zirconia Fusion facility into

a White Fused Alumina Fusion facility and also commissioned a

pilot Graphene facility. The Business continues to explore value

addition through product and process innovations.

The generation from the Maniyar Hydel plant addressing the

power requirements of the business improved significantly over

the previous year helped maintaining margins. This plant as well

as the business at Cochin SEZ received the Sreshta Suraksha

Pursaskar from the National Safety Council during the year, a

proud moment indeed. The performance of the South African

subsidiary continues to be wedged by high fixed costs, impacting

the profitability. Exit options are being pursued to curtail future

losses.

Other Businesses

Southern Energy Development Corporation Limited, the gas

based power generation subsidiary which was severely affected

by cyclone during the previous year, marked a good growth of

27% in revenues with almost uninterrupted operations till the

last week of March 2020. Net Access, the subsidiary providing

IT facilities management and allied services recorded a marginal

growth in turnover as well as profitability owing to competitive

market conditions.

Research and Development

The Centers of Excellence recognized by the Department of

Scientific and Industrial Research, Government of India and

set up across locations continue to drive the Research and

Development activities at CUMI. In the prevailing unprecedented

and challenging conditions, innovation is very crucial in providing

a competitive advantage. CUMind - the customized innovation

framework based on design thinking methodology which has

since been institutionalized will continue to play a significant role

in leveraging this to CUMI’s advantage.

Human Resources

The onset of the pandemic and the combat measures being taken

globally reiterates the fact that people remain the top priority not

only for organisations but also for countries. The year witnessed

continuing focus on training and development for re-skilling &

up-skilling the diverse workforce of the Company, bringing in a

culture of innovation & high performance, leadership changes

etc. Under the able leadership of Mr. N Ananthaseshan, who had

recently taken over as: Managing

Managing Director from

23rd November 2019 and has had to lead the organisation under

most difficult and tough conditions no one has seen before. We

are sure that he along with his leadership team across various

countries will lead the organization well and help to tide over

this difficult phase smoothly. Mr. Ninad Gadgil has also joined

the Company during the year to head the Abrasives Business. We

wish Mr. Ananthaseshan and Mr. Ninad all success in their new

roles.

Mr. T L Palanikumar who served for over 18 years and Mrs. Bharati

Rao for 4 years retired from the Board during the year. We are

indeed grateful for their expertise, wisdom, and support during

their tenure. We thank them for their guidance to the Company

and wish them well.

We are pleased to welcome to the Board, Mrs. Soundara Kumar,

a successful banker of outstanding merit thus giving it a balanced

and diverse composition. The Board has been a very great support

to the Company, the leadership team and to me personally

through their active involvement, wise counsel and expertise.

Their continuous encouragement and guidance during these

unprecedented times is a great source of inspiration to navigate

the future with optimism.

We thank all our stakeholders, customers, suppliers, vendors,

bankers, authorities and of course you - the shareholders for your

unstinted support and encouragement in our journey to craft a

future path traversing into new dimensions of material science

and technology. Though the future remains uncertain at this point

in time owing to the pandemic situation, with continuing grim

forecasts being frequently revised, we assure you that we will stay

strong in our purpose of Making Materials Matter by providing

solutions for an enduring planet.

With warm regards,

M M Murugappan

xxiv

1

ANNUAL REPORT 2019-20

Corporate Information

BOARD AND COMMITTEES

Board of Directors

M M Murugappan, Chairman (DIN 00170478)

Sanjay Jayavarthanavelu (DIN 00004505)

Aroon Raman (DIN 00201205)

P S Raghavan (DIN 07812320)

Sujjain S Talwar (DIN 01756539)

Soundara Kumar (DIN 01974515)

M A M Arunachalam (DIN 00202958)

N Ananthaseshan,: Managing Director (DIN 02402921)

Committees of the Board

Audit Committee

Sanjay Jayavarthanavelu,

Managing Director by the

shareholders at the Annual General Meeting held on 31st July 2017 for

a period of two years from 23rd November 2017 superannuated from

the services of the Company with effect from close of business hours on

22nd November 2019. Mr. K Srinivasan was associated with the Company

and the Murugappa Group for over three decades and was instrumental

in placing the Company in the global map. The Board places on record

its appreciation for Mr. K Srinivasan’s significant contribution and

dedicated services to the Company during his long association with the

Company.

The Board at its meeting held on 26th April 2019 based on the

recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee

appointed Mr. N Ananthaseshan as an Additional Director and: Managing Director (Designate) of the Company with effect from

26th April 2019 to succeed Mr. K Srinivasan as the Managing Director for

3 years commencing from 23rd November 2019. Mr. Ananthaseshan’s

appointment as the Managing Director (Designate) with effect from

26th April 2019 and as the Managing Director with effect from

23rd November 2019 was approved by the shareholders at the

65th Annual General Meeting held on 31st July 2019. After

Mr. K Srinivasan's retirement, Mr. N Ananthaseshan took over as the

Managing Director with effect from 23rd November 2019.

Consequent to the changes in the Board composition, the constitution of

various Committees were also reviewed and revised more fully detailed

in the Corporate Governance section of the Report.

Mr. M A M Arunachalam, retires by rotation at the forthcoming

Annual General Meeting and being eligible has offered himself for

re-appointment. A proposal for his re-appointment is included in the

Notice convening the 66th Annual General Meeting for consideration

and approval by the shareholders.

The Company has received declarations from all its Independent Directors

confirming that they meet the criteria of independence prescribed both

under the Companies Act, 2013 and the Listing Regulations. In the

opinion of the Board, all the Directors appointed/re-appointed during

the year are persons with integrity, expertise and possess relevant

experience in their respective fields.

All the Independent Directors of the Company have registered their

names in the Independent Directors Databank as required under the

Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules referred therein. The Independent

Directors are also required to take up an online proficiency self-

assessment test within one year from the date of inclusion of their name

in the Independent Directors databank with an exemption provided to

Directors fulfilling the criteria prescribed under the Act and the Rules

referred therein. While the requirement of completion of the online

proficiency self-assessment test is exempt for few of the Company’s

Independent Directors, considering the one year time available from the

date of inclusion of the name in the databank, the required Independent

Directors would complete the assessment within the prescribed time.

Hence, considering the time available for the Independent Directors to

complete the online proficiency test, the requirement for the Board to

provide its opinion on the experience of the Independent Directors with

specific reference to proficiency ascertained from passing of the online

proficiency self-assessment test does not arise.

During the year, Mr. Jagannathan Chakravarthi Narasimhan resigned

from the services of the Company with effect from 29th October 2019.

The position of Chief Financial Officer is vacant since then and the

Company is in the process of identifying suitable candidate(s) for filling

up the vacancy.

The COVID-19 pandemic situation across the country has impeded the

identification and selection process for the Chief Financial Officer of the

Company which will be filled up in due course of time. The Company

will continue to take the requisite steps in this regard endeavoring to

fill up the position.

Mr. N Ananthaseshan, Managing Director and Ms. Rekha Surendhiran,

Company Secretary are the Key Managerial Personnel of the Company

as per Section 203 of the Companies Act, 2013.

Board Meetings

During the year, seven Board Meetings were held, the details of which

are given in the Corporate Governance Report.

Board Evaluation

Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Listing

Regulations, the Board carried out an annual performance evaluation of

its own performance, the Directors individually as well as the evaluation

of the working of its various Committees as per the evaluation framework

adopted by the Board on the recommendation of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee. Structured assessment forms were used in

the overall Board evaluation comprising various aspects of the Board’s

functioning in terms of structure, its meetings, strategy, governance

and other dynamics of its functioning besides the financial reporting

process, internal controls and risk management. The evaluation of the

Committees was based on their terms of reference fixed by the Board

besides the dynamics of their functioning in terms of meeting frequency,

effectiveness of contribution etc.

Separate questionnaires were used to evaluate the performance of

individual Directors on parameters such as their level of engagement

and contribution, objective judgement etc. The Managing Director’s

evaluation was based on leadership qualities, strategic planning,

communication, engagement with the Board etc.

The

Managing Director has submitted a certificate to

the Board on the integrity of the Financial Statements and other matters

as required under Regulation 17(8) of the Listing Regulations.

DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT

Pursuant to the provisions contained in Section 134(3)(c) of the

Companies Act, 2013, the Board to the best of its knowledge and

belief and according to the information and explanations obtained by

it confirms that:

•

in the preparation of the annual accounts, for the financial year

ended 31st March 2020, applicable accounting standards have

been followed and no material departures have been made from

the same;

•

the accounting policies mentioned in Note 3 of the Notes to the

Financial Statements have been selected and applied consistently

and judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent

have been made so as to give a true and fair view of the state of

affairs of the Company at the end of the financial year and of the

profit of the Company for that period;

•

proper and sufficient care has been taken for the maintenance of

adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions

of the Companies Act, 2013 for safeguarding the assets of

the Company for preventing and detecting fraud and other

irregularities;

•

the annual accounts have been prepared on a going concern basis;

•

that internal financial controls to be followed by the Company

have been laid down and that such internal financial controls are

adequate and operating effectively;

•

proper systems have been devised to ensure compliance with

the provisions of all applicable laws and that such systems are

adequate and operating effectively.

EXTRACT OF ANNUAL RETURN

The extract of the Annual Return in the prescribed form MGT 9 is

annexed to and forms part of this Report (refer Annexure E) and the

Annual Return in Form MGT-7 is available in www.cumi.murugappa.

com.

SECRETARIAL STANDARDS

The Company is in compliance with the Secretarial Standards on

Meetings of the Board of Directors (SS-1) and Secretarial Standards on

General Meetings (SS- 2).

ENERGY CONSERVATION, TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION

AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS & OUTGO

The information on Energy Conservation, Technology Absorption,

Expenditure incurred on Research & Development and forex earnings/

outgo as required under Section 134(3)(m) of the Companies Act, 2013

read with Rule 8 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 is annexed to

and forms part of this Report (refer Annexure D).

SIGNIFICANT AND MATERIAL ORDERS PASSED BY THE

REGULATORS OR COURTS

There are no significant and material orders passed by the regulators or

courts or tribunals impacting the going concern status of the Company

and its future operations.

PARTICULARS OF EMPLOYEES

The information on employees and other details required to be disclosed

under Rule 5 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of

Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 is annexed to and forms part of this

Report (refer Annexure A).

Under the Company’s Employee Stock Option Scheme 2007, no Option

grants have been made since February 2012. The Employee Stock

Option Plan 2016 (ESOP 2016) was implemented in February 2017

with the approval of the shareholders and currently governs the grant

of Options to employees. During the year 2019-20, a grant of 278,528

Options was made to eligible employees. The disclosures with respect

to Options granted under the ESOP 2007 and ESOP 2016 are contained

in the Corporate Governance Report. Further, the disclosures relating

to Stock Options as per Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share

based Employees Benefits) Regulations, 2014 read with the circular

issued by SEBI on 16th June 2015 has been provided on the Company’s

website and is available in the link https://www.cumi-murugappa.

com/policies-disclosure/. Both the ESOP Scheme 2007 and ESOP

2016 are in compliance with the SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits)

Regulations, 2014.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

The Board gratefully acknowledges the co-operation received from

various stakeholders of the Company viz., customers, investors, channel

partners, suppliers, government authorities, banks and other business

associates during the year. The Board also places on record its sincere

appreciation of all the employees of the Company for their commitment

and continued contribution to the Company.

Chennai

June 6, 2020

On behalf of the Board

M M Murugappan

Chairman

• Company Overview • Management Reports • Financial Statements:

Managing Director (c)

30,302,790

B Tech (Mech) (40)

30.01.2002

Vice President - Wendt

(India) Limited

M Muthiah (60)

Executive Vice President - HR(C)

7,979,104

MA (SW) and PG Dip in

Management (35)

15.10.2003

Plant HR Head, Hyundai

Motor India Limited

Jagannathan Chakravarthi

Narasimhan (47)

Chief Financial Officer(c)

7,059,205

B Com, ACA, Grad CWA (21)

23.07.2018

CFO, Mindtree Limited

Ninad M Gadgil (49)

President - Abrasives(C)

4,768,123

BE (Electronics) & PGDBM

(Marketing)

04.11.2019

Country Business

Leader - Healthcare,

3M India Limited

Notes:

(a) Remuneration as shown above includes salary, allowances, Company’s

contribution to provident, superannuation and gratuity funds, medical facilities

and perquisites valued as per income-tax rules. During the year, no Options

were granted under the Employees Stock Option Scheme, 2007. During the

year, eligible employees were granted in aggregate 278,528 Options under

the Employee Stock Option Plan 2016. The employee-wise grant details

are available in the disclosure under SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits)

Regulations, 2015 uploaded in the website of the Company. The Employee

Stock Options granted to employees in the earlier period are accounted based

on fair value as per Indian Accounting standards.

b)

The employment of the above persons is whole time in nature and terminable

with 3 months’ notice on either side.

c)

Mr. K Srinivasan retired as: Managing Director effective 22nd November

2019 and Mr. M Muthiah retired as Executive Vice President - HR effective

31st May 2019. Mr. Jagannathan Chakravarthi Narasimhan resigned from the

services effective 29th October 2019. The remuneration above includes their

superannuation and settlement benefits. Mr. Ninad M Gadgil, President -

Abrasives joined the Company effective 4th November 2019.

d)

Effective 18th January 2018, Mr. Sridharan Rangarajan has been deputed to

Murugappa Management Services Limited.

Mr. N Ananthaseshan was appointed as Managing Director (Designate)

effective 26th April 2019 and he succeeded Mr. K Srinivasan as the Managing

Director on 23rd November 2019 after Mr. Srinivasan’s retirement. The

appointment of Mr. Ananthaseshan as a Director in executive capacity was

approved by the shareholders at the 65th Annual General Meeting held on

31st July 2019. Prior to induction into the Board, Mr. Ananthaseshan was

holding the position of President - Abrasives and the remuneration disclosed

above includes the remuneration received in that capacity from 1st April 2019

to 25th April 2019.

e)

The above mentioned employees are not relatives (in terms of the Companies

Act, 2013) of any Director of the Company. Further, no employee of the

Company is covered by the Rule 5(2) (iii) of the Companies (Appointment and

Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (employee holding by

himself or with his family shares of 2% or more in the Company and drawing

remuneration in excess of the Managing Director). Hence, the details required

under Rule 5(3) (viii) is not applicable.

f)

Date of joining as graduate engineer trainee / management trainee.

g)

The remuneration details are for the year 2019-20 and all other particulars are

as on 31st March 2020.

h)

None of the employees of the Company other than those listed above were in

receipt of remuneration for the FY 2019-20 in excess of Rupees one crore and

two lakh rupees per year or eight lakh and fifty thousand rupees per month.

C.

The details of remuneration during the year 2019-20 as per

Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration

of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 as amended by the

Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial

Personnel) Amendment Rules, 2016 are as follows:

(i)

Ratio of remuneration of each Director to the median remuneration

of the employees of the Company for the financial year:

Name

Designation

Ratio

Mr. M M Murugappan

Managing Director

Aroon Raman

Chairman - CSR Committee

On behalf of the Board

Sl.no

CSR Project or activity identified

Sector in which the project

is covered

Project or Programs -

location

Amount

Outlay/direct

by Co.

Amount spent on the projects or

programs - 1) direct expenditure

2) overheads

Cumulative

Expenditure

upto reporting

period

Amount spent

Direct/agency

5.

Contribution to AMM Foundation CSR

Corpus Fund

Education & Healthcare

Tamil Nadu

2.10

2.10

2.10

Agency1

6.

Initiatives for combatting / containment

of COVID-19 pandemic - contribution

to corpus fund to enable spend on

COVID-19 related initiatives.

Healthcare

Pan India

-

4.50

4.50

Agency1

7.

Initiatives for combat of COVID-19

spread - establishment of 50 bed COVID

Patient treatment facility in ESI Hospital

in collaboration with HIA and Kauvery

Hospitals.

Healthcare

Krishnagiri District,

Tamil Nadu

-

1.00

1.00

Direct

8.

Sponsorship for Pediatric cardio surgery

Healthcare

West Champaran, Bihar

-

0.15

0.15

Agency3

Total

37.90

38.99

38.99

Implementing Agency:

1. AMM Foundation

2. Shri A.M.M. Murugappa Chettiar Research Centre (MCRC).

3. Sri Satya Sai Health and Education Trust

HIA - Hosur Industrial Association, Hosur, Tamil Nadu

ANNEXURE B

Annual Report on Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Activities

1.

A brief outline of the Company’s CSR policy, including overview of

projects or programs proposed to be undertaken and a reference

to the web-link to the CSR policy and projects / programs

The Company is cognizant of its responsibility towards the society in which it operates and has been engaged in CSR

activities directly through the establishment of skill development centre as well indirectly through contributions to AMM

Foundation, an autonomous charitable trust, in the field of Education and Healthcare, in addition to pursuing activities

for the benefit of community around its local areas of operations.

In line with its objectives and practices, the CSR policy focuses on Health, Education and Skill Development. The policy is

uploaded in the website of the Company.

2.

Website link where the CSR policy is uploaded https://www.cumi-murugappa.com/policies-disclosure/

3.

The composition of the CSR Committee#

Mr. Aroon Raman (Chairman)

Mr. P S Raghavan (Independent Director)

Mr. N Ananthaseshan (: Managing

Managing Director

* Consequent to the retirement of Mr. K Srinivasan as the: Managing

letter and spirit. This manual prepared with a

view to give clarity on ethical issues, maintaining transparency in

all dealings and practice ethics in a dynamic business environment

is required to be adhered by all employees. The Company’s Code

of Conduct, Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading,

Diversity policy, Policy on prevention of sexual harassment, ethical

guidelines on stakeholder dealing, Whistle Blower policy which

are also enshrined in the Right Path serve as a guiding norm in

matters relating to ethics, anti-bribery and anti-corruption for all

employees. The anti-bribery clauses are made part of its contractual

arrangements with suppliers, vendors etc. The Company has also

put in place transparent processes for dealing with confidential

and sensitive information of the Company, legitimate purposes for

which it can be shared and the manner to conduct enquiry in case

of a violation etc. beyond the mandate of law.

The Company has a policy to do business with suppliers/contractors

and others who are aligned with its value systems. Appropriate due

diligence is exercised while selecting them. An annual confirmation

to the Company’s Code of Conduct is sought from employees to

continuously reinforce the commitment to ethical practices. The

Company has been conferred the prestigious Golden Peacock

Award in Corporate Ethics in 2016-17 and also awarded the Golden

Peacock Award for Corporate Governance in due recognition of its

governance practices during the year 2017-18.

2.

How many stakeholder complaints have been received in the

past financial year and what percentage was satisfactorily

resolved by the Management?

During the year, there was one referral made under the Whistle

Blower policy of the Company regarding unfair and discriminatory

treatment by Reporting Manager which was investigated and

closed satisfactorily. No complaint was referred under the BRR

grievance redressal mechanism.

Principle 2: Businesses should provide goods and services

that are safe and contribute to sustainability throughout

their life cycle.

The Company undertakes to assure safety and optimal resource use

over the life-cycle of its products. The Company being material science

technology oriented, continuously innovates and strives for optimal

resource use over the life cycle of the products it manufactures.

During the year, the vision statement of the Company was reviewed

after undertaking a very elaborate and participative exercise cross

functional across the organisation to facilitate a common message

strategy the following statement has been imbibed into the Vision which

predominantly addresses our core purpose of Making Materials Matter

by providing solutions for an enduring planet.

1.

List up to 3 of your products or services whose design has

incorporated social or environmental concerns, risks and for

opportunities:

Abrasives:

•

Metal working fluids manufactured by the Abrasives Business

are water solubles designed for easier effluent treatment,

thereby having a low negative impact on environment.

•

‘Fero’ Grinding Wheel, developed with a fiber reinforced core

can be re-cycled subsequent to use. This not only helps in

keeping the costs under control, but also assists in reducing

the carbon footprint.

Electrominerals:

•

Two modern fusion facilities have been introduced to improve

particulate emission control system. Additional efforts have

been undertaken to reduce emission by making necessary

structural changes within the facilities.

•

Azure S - Improvements in the Selective Catalytic Reduction

systems to avoid scrubbing process. A new product SiC fine

powder is developed which is used for emission control in

diesel vehicles.

•

Capacitor banks have been installed at Edapally and

Koratty facilities of the Company to improve the quality of

power supply, thus resulting in energy conservation, reduction

in power consumption and associated power costs.

•

The Company has also successfully implemented a mechanism

to eliminate any odour from Silicon Carbide fusion.

Industrial Ceramics:

•

Technical Ceramics - Furniture for Solid Oxide fuel cells - used in

alternate mode of power generation for green energy

equipment.

•

The Fired rejects from the Industrial Ceramics Business

is internally sold to another Business of the Company - Super

Refractories - where it is crushed and used in Monolithics

Product.

Super Refractories:

•

In the Refractories Business, efforts are taken to reduce

the spillage loss, through TPM methodology. Further reduce -

reuse - recycle approach is being implemented across all

product processes.

•

The Refractory products manufactured by the Company are

inherently designed and developed to yield an extended life

cycle.

•

The Company also manufactures refractory products for

protection of boiler pipes used in Waste Heat Incinerators.

•

The Company also supplies Silicon Carbide spray nozzles for key

projects which is used in Flue gas desulphurization. The

Company’s Composites Business produces abrasion resistant

composite pipes and gratings which is also used in Flue gas

desulphurization.

The Company has dedicated state of the art Research and

Development centres across its businesses certified by the

Department of Scientific and Industrial Research (DSIR) serving as

centres of excellence for research and strengthening the platform

for competency & sustainable growth.

2. For each such product, provide the following details in respect

of resource use (energy, water, raw material etc.) per unit of

product (optional):

a.

Reduction

during

sourcing/production/distribution

achieved since the previous year throughout the value

chain?

•

Significant part (~30 per cent) of the energy requirement for

the Electrominerals Business - the major user of electric energy

is from the Company’s own Hydel power station - green

energy. During the year, the plant which was impacted by the

floods in Kerala during the previous year quickly recovered

with significant improvement in power generation.

•

The Company’s Electrominerals business has installed PLC

based furnace controls in two of its pot furnaces in place of

amplidyne technology. This change has resulted in optimum

power consumption during the fusion process.

•

Almost entire power requirement for the Company’s facilities

in Tamil Nadu is met by SEDCO - our own gas based power

station - clean power. Kilns and processes are designed to

consume low energy per unit of production. This is managed

by programs impacting both the primary and secondary

energy consumption points through EnMS.

•

SPC (Specific Power Consumption) & SFC (Specific Fuel

Consumption)

programmes

are

driven

using

TPM

methodologies and is regularly monitored. The Company has

taken several steps including installation of Hot Air Generation

Systems for Dryers, Turbo blower for kilns, Timers for lighting

idle stoppages, etc. to reduce power and fuel consumption.

•

The Company has assisted in TPM and 5S implementation at

the suppliers’ end to improve material yields and reduce

energy consumption.

•

A new backing treatment process has been developed and

implemented by the Coated Abrasives manufacturing plant

which is expected to save one million litres of water per

month. In order to maintain Zero Liquid Discharge status in

its facilities, various initiatives including installation of Jet

Aeration system, Effluent Treatment Plant (ETP) recycled RO

water for boiler feed etc. have been undertaken.

•

Online monitoring systems were adopted across several plants

using sensors and technology connectivity to eliminate

physical recording in paper, print etc. and thereby saving use

of paper.

•

The Industrial Ceramics Business has installed a high capacity

Effluent Treatment Plant with which the permeate recovery

from RO plant can be improved up to 85%. Using this RO

permeate, about 18KL/day water has been recycled.

•

The Company uses a cleaner gaseous fuel (LPG) in Metallized

Cylinder manufacturing line. Combustion efficiency of gas

firing is higher when compared to that of gas fuels. Further, the

thermal mass of refractories in these furnaces is reduced

to enable a faster firing cycle and thereby reducing the peak

temperature offering by 5 per cent. This has helped in

minimising the energy consumption to the extent of

20 per cent when compared to that of liquid fuels and long

firing cycle.

•

The Electrominerals Business has set up a bio-waste

treatment system for canteen wastes. A Zero discharge

filtration system has been commissioned in the new

Boehmine facility at Kerala which has resulted in reduced

consumption of process water during boehmite manufacture.

•

Metal Halide Lamps have been eliminated in the

Company’s Refractories and Composites facilities by

installation of LED lights, Variable Frequency Drives,

Recuperators. Further, energy efficient Air Conditioners have

also been installed to conserve electricity. This has resulted in

reduction of specific energy consumption per ton of production.

• Company Overview • Management Reports • Financial Statements:

Managing Director (Designate) with effect from 26th April 2019 and as the: Managing

Managing Director, Whole-time Directors and/or Manager: ` million

Sl.

no.

Particulars of Remuneration: Managing Director(s)

Total Amount

Mr. K Srinivasan*

Mr. N Ananthaseshan**

1

Gross salary

(a) Salary as per provisions contained in section 17(1) of the Income-tax Act, 1961

30.28

14.01

44.29

(b) Value of perquisites u/s 17(2) of Income-tax Act, 1961

0.02

0.04

0.06

(c) Profits in lieu of salary under section 17(3) of Income-tax Act, 1961

-

2

Stock Option#

-

3.78

3.78

3

Sweat Equity

-

-

-

4

Commission as % of profit

-

-

-

5

Others

-

-

-

Total (A)

30.30

17.83

48.13

Ceiling as per the Act

118.26

118.26

236.52

#Represents the the deemed benefit on exercise of Options under the Company’s ESOP Scheme 2007. Hence the remuneration disclosed in the above table will differ from

remuneration paid and reported in Annexure A.

*Mr. K Srinivasan retired from the Board with effect from the closing hours of 22nd November 2019 and his salary includes the superannuation benefits in terms of leave

encashment and Gratuity.

**Mr. N Ananthaseshan was appointed as the Managing Director (Designate) with effect from 26th April 2019 and as the Managing Director with effect from

23rd November 2019. The remuneration above is proportionate to the period of his tenure as an Executive Director and hence will differ from remuneration reported in Annexure A.

Extract of Annual Return

Sl.

no.

Particulars of Remuneration

Key Managerial Personnel

CEO

Company

Secretary

CFO**

Total

1

Gross salary

(a) Salary as per provisions contained in section 17(1) of the Income-tax Act, 1961

NA*

4.79

6.67

11.46

(b) Value of perquisites u/s section 17(3) of Income-tax Act, 1961

0.38

0.39

0.77#

(c) Profits in lieu of salary under section 17(3) of Income-tax Act, 1961

-

-

-

2

Stock Option

-

-

-

3

Sweat Equity

-

-

-

4

Commission

- as % of profit

- others

-

-

-

5

Others

-

-

-

Total

5.17

7.06

12.23

* The Company has a Managing Director whose details are provided above in VI A.

** Mr. Jagannathan Chakravarthi Narasimhan resigned as the Chief Financial Officer w.e.f the closing hours of 29th October 2019 and above remuneration includes full and final

settlement.

# perquisites includes perquisite owing to asset transfer under Company car scheme as per the remuneration policy.

C. Remuneration to Key Managerial Personnel other than MD/Manager/WTD

` million

VII. Penalties/Punishment/Compounding of Offences against the Company, Directors, other officers in default in respect of

provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 - Nil

Chennai

June 6, 2020

On behalf of the Board

M M Murugappan

letter

and spirit of the law and its own demanding levels of business ethics.

CUMI considers Corporate Governance as the cornerstone for sustained

superior performance and for serving all its stakeholders. The Company’s

continuing contribution to the society through meaningful Corporate

Social Responsibility initiatives, be it direct initiatives through the CUMI

Skill Development Centre or indirect initiatives through contributions to

eligible implementing agencies in the core sectors of health & education,

plays a significant role in its governance initiatives. The various measures

undertaken by the Company to deal with the unprecedented challenges

owing to COVID-19 morefully detailed in the Board’s report reinforces

commitment to our core values, sustainability and governance principles.

The entire process begins with the functioning of the Board of Directors,

with leading professionals and experts serving as Independent Directors

and representing in various Board Committees.

The Company has always believed in and practices the highest standards

of Corporate Governance since its inception and considers that sound

governance practices are crucial for its smooth and efficient operations

as well as its ability to attract investments, balancing the interests of

all its stakeholders and providing shareholder value. The behaviour

and ethics of an organisation are considered to be two defining

characteristics of any company critical to not only successful leadership

but also in ensuring long term sustainability. Even during challenging

times as these, the Management continues to rededicate itself to

simple principles of behavioural ethics, standing by its conviction of

purpose and sustainability. CUMI’s ethical and responsible behaviour

complements its corporate culture which is guided by the following

norm:

“The fundamental principle of economic activity is that no man you

transact with will lose; then you shall not”.

The Corporate Governance philosophy of the Company is driven by the

fundamental principles of:

• Adhering to the governance standards beyond the: letter of law;

• Maintaining transparency and high degree of disclosure levels;

• Maintaining a clear distinction between personal and corporate

interest;

• Having a transparent corporate structure driven by business

needs; and

• Ensuring compliance with applicable laws.

The above principles not only enables leading from the front during

crisis severe as the COVID-19 but also provides the leadership with

utmost optimisim and confidence to not only survive these tough times

but emerge stronger.

The Company’s constant endeavour for corporate excellence has been

well recognised through incessant awards and accolades reiterating

its commitment to governance standards. CUMI has already been the

recipient of the coveted Golden Peacock awards in Corporate Ethics

and Corporate Governance in the past years. The Company’s Annual

Report for the FY 2017-18 which had earlier won the prestigious

ICAI award for excellence in financial reporting in manufacturing and

trading sector was also selected by the South Asian Federation of

Accountants conferring the Certificate of Merit in the Manufacturing

Sector category. Further, the Company has consecutively for the second

year won the prestigious ICAI award for excellence in financial reporting

in manufacturing and trading sector (turnover category `500 crores -

`3000 crores) for the Annual Report 2018-19. These recognitions stand

as a mark for the Company’s strong ethics, Corporate Governance and

excellence in financial reporting.

The Company strives making sustainable efforts in recognition for its

governance initiatives and processes.

2. BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The Board being aware of its fiduciary role, recognises its responsibilities

towards all stakeholders and upholds highest standards of governance

in all matters concerning the Company. It has empowered responsible

persons to implement its broad policies and guidelines besides setting

up adequate review processes.

The Board provides strategic guidance on affairs of the Company

in addition to reviewing the performance and monitoring the

implementation of plans periodically. The Independent

Managing Director

4(1)

6

3(1)

7

Yes

87,887

(a)

Excluding Alternate Directorships and Directorships in Foreign companies, Private companies (which are not subsidiary or holding company of a Public company) and Section 8

companies;

(b)

Only Audit & Stakeholders Relationship Committee of Public companies;

(c)

Inter-se relationship between Directors - Nil;

(d)

Mr. T L Palani Kumar and Mrs. Bharati Rao, Independent Directors retired from the Board at the closing hours of 31st July 2019 and 2nd August 2019 respectively on account

of completion of their term of appointment;

(e)

Mr. K Srinivasan retired as the: Managing Director of the Company at the closing hours of 22nd November 2019 on account of completion of his term of appointment;

(f)

Mr. N Ananthaseshan who was appointed as an Executive Director on 26th April 2019 succeeded Mr. K Srinivasan as the Managing Director and assumed office as MD

from 23rd November 2019;

(g)

Shareholding of Directors represents the shares held by them in individual capacity including as karta of a HUF and excluding shares held as Trustees.

*Appointed as an Additional Director w.e.f. 3rd August 2019.

The names of listed entities where the Directors hold directorship (excluding the Company) is given below:

Name of the Director

Company Name

Category

M M Murugappan

(MMM)

Tube Investments of India Limited

Non-Executive and

Non-Independent

letter of

appointment is given to him/her, along with a Directors’ handbook

which inter alia explains the role, function, duties and responsibilities

expected of him / her as a Director of the Company. The handbook also

enumerates the list of compliance obligations and other disclosures

required from the Director under the Companies Act, Listing Regulations

and other relevant regulations. Newly inducted Audit Committee

members are provided with an Audit Committee manual which broadly

• Company Overview • Management Reports • Financial Statements:

Managing Director at the first Board meeting in which

the new Director participates or at a mutually convenient time makes

a detailed presentation on the Company, its various business segments

and profile, manufacturing locations, organisation structure and other

market related information. Exclusive plant visits are also organised for

the new Director. Further, with a view to familiarise the existing Directors

with the Company’s operations on an ongoing basis, plant visits are

periodically organised for the Directors. During the year, a visit of Industrial

Ceramics and Bonded Abrasives facilities of the Company and facility

of its Joint Venture company Wendt (India) Limited, situated at Hosur,

Tamil Nadu was undertaken by the Board members on 29th January 2020.

Further, as a part of her induction into the Company during the year

Mrs. Soundara Kumar visited the facilities at Sriperumbudur and

Maraimalai Nagar, Tamil Nadu on 29th August 2019 and had interactions

with the operating team. In the backdrop of a dynamic regulatory

scenario, regulatory changes impacting the Company is briefed at

meetings on quarterly basis. Annually, a dedicated meeting of the

Board for business plan / strategy discussion is held, usually at the plant

locations of the Company. Further, the Board is also regularly updated

on the technological initiatives undertaken in businesses.

The above initiatives help the Directors to understand the Company, its

businesses and the regulatory framework in which the Company operates,

thus enabling him / her to effectively fulfil their role as a Director of the

Company. The details of the familiarisation programme is also uploaded

and is available on the Company’s website at the following link https://

www.cumi-murugappa.com/policies-disclosure/.

2.5 Board evaluation

During the year, the Board conducted an evaluation of its own

performance, individual Directors as well as the working of the

Committees as per the Board evaluation framework adopted by it.

The manner and criteria for the evaluation of the Directors including

the Independent Directors of the Company is detailed in the Directors’

Report.

3. BOARD COMMITTEES

The Board has constituted various Committees for support in discharging

its responsibilities. There are five Committees constituted by the Board

- Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee, Risk

Management Committee, Stakeholders Relationship Committee and

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee. The Company Secretary acts

as the Secretary to the Committees of the Board.

The Board at the time of constitution of each Committee determines

the terms of reference and also delegates further powers from time to

time. Various recommendations of the Committees are submitted to the

Board for consideration & approval and the minutes of all meetings of the

Committees are circulated to the Board for information.

In addition to the above, the Board from time to time constitutes

committees of Directors for specific purposes. During the year, no meetings

of such Committees were held.

3.1 Audit Committee

Terms of Reference

The role of the Audit Committee includes overseeing the financial

reporting process and disclosure of financial information, review of

financial statements before submission to the Board, review of adequacy

of internal control system, findings of internal audit, whistle blower

mechanism, related party transactions, scrutiny of inter-corporate

loans & investments, approval and review of related party transactions,

review of utilization of loans and/ or advances from/investments made

in subsidiaries, review of compliance with the provisions of SEBI

(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015, valuation of assets/

undertakings of the Company, appointment of registered valuers

etc., besides recommending the appointment of Auditors and their

remuneration to the Board as well as approval of payments to Statutory

Auditors for non-audit services and review of effectiveness of audit

process. The Audit Committee also reviews the financial statements of

unlisted subsidiary companies, in particular, the investments made by

them.

Composition & Meetings

The Audit Committee comprises entirely Independent Directors and

all members of the Committee are financially literate. The Chairman

of the Board, the Statutory Auditor, Internal Auditor and members

of the Management Committee are invited to attend meetings of the

Committee. The Cost Auditor is invited to attend meetings in which the

Cost Audit Report is being considered. Further, as a good Corporate

Governance practice, a separate discussion of the Committee with the

Statutory Auditors and the Internal Auditors without the presence of the

Management team is held periodically.

Considering Mr. T L Palani Kumar and Mrs. Bharati Rao’s retirement from

the Board effective the closing hours of 31st July 2019 and 2nd August

2019 respectively, the Audit Committee was re-constituted with the

induction of Mr. Aroon Raman and Mrs. Soundara Kumar as members

effective 1st August 2019 and 3rd August 2019 respectively. Mr. Sanjay

Jayavarthanavelu, member of the Audit Committee was designated as

the Chairman of the Committee after Mr. Palani Kumar retired.

During the year, the Committee had five meetings on 26th April

2019, 31st July 2019, 25th October 2019, 30th January 2020 and

18th March 2020 for reviewing the financial statements, considering the

internal audit reports, audit plans and other matters as per the terms

of reference of the Committee. The composition of the Committee and

attendance of the members at the meetings held during the year are

given below:

Name of Member

No. of meetings attended

(No. of meetings held)*

T L Palani Kumar (Chairman till

31st July 2019)

2 (2)

Sanjay Jayavarthanavelu

(Chairman from 1st August 2019)

5 (5)

Bharati Rao

1 (2)

Sujjain S Talwar

5 (5)

Aroon Raman

3 (3)

Soundara Kumar

3 (3)

*No. of meetings held during the tenure of membership in the Committee

3.2 Nomination and Remuneration Committee

Terms of Reference

The role of the Committee is to (a) recommend to the Board the

appointment of Directors (b) recommend re-election of Directors retiring

by rotation (c) recommend the remuneration including pension rights

and periodic increments of the Managing / Wholetime Director(s)

(d) determine the annual incentive of the Managing / Wholetime

Director(s) (e) recommend to the Board, the commission payable annually

to each of the Non-Wholetime Directors, within the limits fixed by

shareholders (f) formulate, implement, administer and superintend the

Employee Stock Option Plan / Scheme(s) of the Company (g) formulating

criteria for appointment of Directors and Senior Management and

identification of persons who may be qualified to be appointed in

these positions (h) devise policy on Board diversity (i) formulate criteria

for evaluation of Independent Directors / Board, evaluation of the

Directors’ performance (j) recommend Remuneration policy to the Board

(k) ensuring Board Diversity (l) recommend to the Board the appointment

and remuneration payable to Senior Management etc.

The Committee has formulated the criteria for determining the

qualifications, positive attributes and independence of a Director

as well as the criteria for Senior Management positions in terms of

Section 178(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 besides laying down the

criteria for Board evaluation. The Board evaluation including that of

the Independent Directors is done based on the evaluation frame work

detailed elsewhere in the Directors’ Report. The Company also has

in place a Board approved policy on the remuneration for Directors,

Key Managerial Personnel and other employees which had been duly

recommended by the Committee. The policy is available in the link

https://www.cumi-murugappa.com/policies-disclosure/.

Board Diversity Policy

The Company recognises and embraces the benefits of having a diverse

Board and the Board diversity policy sets out the approach in this regard.

A truly diverse Board comprising of appropriately qualified people with

a broad range of experience relevant to the business of the Company,

is integral to its success and is also an essential element in maintaining

a competitive advantage on a sustainable basis. In line with the policy,

the Board is balanced by members having complementary knowledge,

expertise and skills in areas such as business strategy, finance, foreign

affairs, legal, marketing, manufacturing, technology etc. that the Board

considers desirable.

Criteria for Board Nomination

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee is responsible for

identifying persons for nomination as Directors as well as evaluating

incumbent Directors for their continued service. The Committee

has formulated a criteria in terms of Section 178 of the Companies

Act, 2013 and the Listing Regulations inter alia detailing the qualifications

in terms of personal traits, experience & background, fit & proper,

positive attributes and independence standards to be considered for

nominating candidates for Board positions/ re-appointment of Directors.

During the year, Mrs. Soundara Kumar and Mr. N Ananthaseshan were

identified and inducted into the Board based on the recommendation of

the Nomination and Remuneration Committee in accordance with the

above criteria laid down.

Criteria for Senior Management

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee is also responsible

for identifying persons who are qualified to be appointed in Senior

Management positions. The Committee has formulated a criteria in

terms of personal traits, competencies, experience & background etc.

to be considered for nominating candidates to Senior Management

positions. During the year, Mr. Ninad Gadgil, President - Abrasives was

identified to head the Abrasives Business as per the criteria laid down

for Senior Management and he took over from Mr. N Ananthaseshan

who assumed charge as: Managing Director effective 23rd November

2019.

Composition & Meetings

The Committee comprises of three members with all of them being

Independent Directors. With the changes in the composition of the Board

on account of retirement of Mr. T L Palani Kumar effective the closing

hours of 31st July 2019, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee

was re-constituted during the year. Mr. P S Raghavan was inducted as a

member of the Committee with effect from 1st August 2019.

The Committee met on four occasions during the year - 26th April

2019, 31st July 2019, 25th October 2019 and 30th January 2020. The

composition of the Committee and attendance of members are given

below:

Name of Member

No. of meetings attended

(No. of meetings held)*

T L Palani Kumar (

Managing Director

superannuated from the Company with effect from the closing hours of

22nd November 2019. Mr. N Ananthaseshan who was appointed as the: Managing Director (Designate) with effect from 26th April 2019 took over

as the Managing Director of the Company with effect from 23rd November

2019. The summary of the Stock Options granted to Mr. K Srinivasan

and Mr. N Ananthaseshan is given in this Report. No fresh grants were

made to Mr. K Srinivasan under the ESOP Scheme 2007 or ESOP 2016

during the year. During the year, 111,528 Options were granted to

Mr. N Ananthaseshan under the ESOP 2016. No fresh grants were made

to Mr. N Ananthaseshan under the ESOP Scheme 2007.

The compensation to the Non-Executive Directors takes the form of

commission on profit. Though shareholders have approved payment

of commission up to 1 per cent of net profit of the Company for each

year, the actual commission paid to the Directors is restricted to a fixed

sum within the above limit. This sum is reviewed periodically taking into

consideration various factors such as performance of the Company, time

spent by the Directors for attending to the affairs and business of the

Company and extent of responsibilities cast on Directors under general

laws and other relevant factors. In view of the significant enhancement

of the roles, duties and responsibilities of the Non-Executive Directors

under the existing regulatory regime, the Board reviewed the

compensation structure on 25th October 2019 and approved a revision in

sitting fees and commission payable morefully detailed in the Annexure

A to the Directors report.

In keeping with the evolving trends in industry, the practice of paying

differential commission to Directors based on the time and efforts

spent by them has also been adopted. Given the size and nature of

its operations and also the rich experience that Mr. M M Murugappan

possesses in the field of engineering, a considerable amount of time

is spent by him in connection with the operations of the Company.

Apart from playing an active role in guiding and advising on matters

connected with strategy and management, he spends considerable time

on developing / managing relationships with the Company’s business

partners both in India and overseas. The

Managing Director ` million

Name

K Srinivasan**

N Ananthaseshan#

Fixed Component

Salary & Allowances

20.12

8.65

Retirement benefits*

4.88**

2.38

Perquisites

0.03

0.04

Variable

Component

Incentive(a)

5.27

2.98

*includes contribution to National Pension System of PFRDA.

**Consequent to the completion of his term, Mr. K Srinivasan retired as the Managing

Director of the Company with effect from closing hours of 22nd November 2019.

The remuneration stated above represents the remuneration drawn for the period

1st April 2019 to 22nd November 2019.

#Mr. N Ananthaseshan took over as the: Managing Director of the Company with effect

from 23rd November 2019. The remuneration stated above represents the remuneration

drawn for the period 26th April 2019 to 22nd November 2019 as the Executive Director and

from 23rd November 2019 to 31st March 2020 as the Managing Director.

(a) Represents incentive paid during the financial year 2019-20 in respect of

the financial year 2018-19.

(b) As per the terms of his remuneration, the Managing Director is eligible for an

annual incentive based on a balanced scorecard which comprises Company

financials, Company scorecard and personal objectives. For the financial

year 2019-20, a sum of `4.08 million has been provided in the accounts

for this purpose payable to Mr. K Srinivasan (as per service conditions in

proportion to the date till which he served as the Managing Director) and

`3.86 million to Mr. N Ananthaseshan. The actual amount will be decided

by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee in July 2020.

(c) With respect to Employee Stock Options granted to the Employees under

Employee Stock Option Scheme 2007 and Employee Stock Option Plan

2016, the Options are accounted based on fair value, as prescribed by

the Indian Accounting Standards (IND AS).

(d) No Employee Stock Options (ESOP) were granted to Mr. K Srinivasan

under the Employee Stock Option Scheme, 2007 (grants discontinued

since February 2012) and Employee Stock Option Plan, 2016 during the

year. As required under Listing Regulations, the details of the Options

earlier granted to Mr. K Srinivasan under Company’s ESOP Scheme 2007

are given below:

Particulars

No. of Options

Exercise price

Options granted

443,800

` 91.80/- being

the market price

prior to the date

of grant

Options vested

443,800

Options cancelled

66,570

Options lapsed

-

Options exercised

377,230

Options outstanding

-

Further, 370,400 Stock Options granted to Mr. K Srinivasan during the

FY 2017-18 under the ESOP 2016 has been surrendered by him with an

intention to make the same available for other eligible employees of the

Company at an appropriate time.

e) No Employee Stock Options (ESOP) were granted to Mr. N Ananthaseshan

under the Employee Stock Option Scheme, 2007 (grants discontinued

since February 2012). During the year, 111,528 Options were granted

to Mr. N Ananthaseshan under the Employee Stock Option Plan 2016.

The Options are granted at the closing market price prior to the date of

the grant.

The details of Options granted to and held by Mr. N Ananthaseshan under

the Company’s Employee Stock Option Scheme 2007 and Employee Stock

Option Plan 2016 are given below:

Particulars

Employee Stock Option

Scheme 2007

Employee Stock Option

Plan 2016

29-Sep-07(i)

27-Jan-11(ii)

4-Feb-17(iii)

31-Jul-19(iii)

Options granted

121,800

78,600

93,120

111,528

Options vested

105,966

62,880

65,184

-

Options cancelled

15,834

15,720

-

-

Options lapsed

-

-

-

-

Options exercised

105,966

62,880

-

-

Options

outstanding

-

-

93,120

111,528

Exercise Price

91.80

125.08

257.55

317.70

(i) The first vesting is exercisable over a period of three years from the date of vesting.

The second, third and fourth vesting are exercisable over a period of 6 years from

the date of vesting.

(ii) The Options are exercisable over a period of three years from the date of vesting.

(iii) The Options are exercisable over a period of five years from the date of vesting.

5. GENERAL BODY MEETINGS

5.1 Last three Annual General Meetings

Financial

Year

Date

Time

Venue

2016-2017

31.07.2017

3.00 PM

TTK Auditorium, Music Academy,

168 (Old No. 306) TTK Road,

Royapettah, Chennai 600014

2017-2018

03.08.2018

2018-2019

31.07.2019

5.2 Special Resolutions passed during the last three Annual

General Meetings

Sl.

No.

Item of business

Passed on

1.

Approval of offer / invitation to subscribe

to

Non-Convertible

Debentures

up

to

`2500 million on Private Placement basis.

31.07.2017

2.

Approval of remuneration by way of commission

payable to Non-Executive Directors of the

Company for a period of five financial years.

03.08.2018

3.

Approval of offer / invitation to subscribe

to

Non-Convertible

Debentures

up

to

`2500 million on Private Placement basis.

03.08.2018

4.

Re-appointment of Mr. Aroon Raman as an

Independent Director.

31.07.2019

5.

Re-appointment of Mr. Sanjay Jayavarthanavelu

as an Independent Director.

31.07.2019

6.

Approval for payment of commission to

Mr. M M Murugappan.

31.07.2019

5.3 Postal Ballot

During the year, there were no resolutions passed through postal ballot

and as at the year end, there are no proposals to pass special resolutions

through postal ballot except those requiring to be passed pursuant to

the Companies Act, 2013 / Listing Regulations which will be done after

providing adequate notice to the shareholders.

6. WHISTLE BLOWER POLICY/VIGIL MECHANISM

The Company has established a whistle blower mechanism to provide an

avenue to raise concerns, if any, in line with the Company’s commitment

to the high standards of ethical, moral and legal conduct of business. The

mechanism also provides for adequate safeguards against victimisation

of employees who avail of the mechanism and also for appointment

of an Ombudsperson who will deal with the complaints received. The

policy also lays down the process to be followed for dealing with

complaints and in exceptional cases, also provides for direct appeal to

the Chairperson of the Audit Committee. In line with the requirements of

the Companies Act, 2013, the policy coverage extends to the Directors of

the Company and the Ombudsman for dealing with any referrals made

by Board members is the

Managing Director has given a certificate

to the Board on matters relating to financial reporting, compliance

with relevant statutes and adequacy of internal control systems as

contemplated in Regulation 17(8) read with Part B of Schedule II of

the Listing Regulations. During the year, Mr. Jagannathan Chakravarthi

Narasimhan resigned from the services of the Company with effect

from closing hours of 29th October 2019. The position of the Chief

Financial Officer is vacant since then and Company was in the process

of identifying suitable candidate(s) for filling up the vacancy until March

2020. However, owing to the unprecedented and challenging conditions

caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and the consequential impact in

the job market conditions as well as travel restrictions imposed, the

Company is facing challenges in filling up this vacancy.

13. PRACTISING COMPANY SECRETARY’S CERTIFICATE

ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

A certificate from M/s. R Sridharan & Associates, Practising Company

Secretaries, Chennai on compliance with Corporate Governance

requirements is annexed.

14. PRACTISING COMPANY SECRETARY’S CERTIFICATE

ON THE DIRECTOR’S DISQUALIFICATION

A certificate from M/s. R Sridharan & Associates, Practising Company

Secretaries, Chennai confirming that none of the Directors of the

Company have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or

continuing as Directors by the Securities and Exchange Board of India /

Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such statutory authority is annexed

and forms part of this Report.

15. GENERAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION

A separate section in this regard is annexed and forms part of this

Report.

• Company Overview • Management Reports • Financial Statements

16. SHAREHOLDERS SATISFACTION SURVEY

An online survey is posted on the Company’s website at the following

link https://www.cumi-murugappa.com/survey/index.php.

Shareholders who have not yet submitted the survey can go to the

above link and take part in the survey. We request the shareholders who

have not yet participated in the survey to use this link and provide us

their valuable feedback.

17. INSTRUCTIONS TO SHAREHOLDERS

Shareholders holding shares in physical form are requested to address

their communications regarding change in address/contact details by

quoting their folio number to the Company’s Registrar and Share Transfer

Agent (RTA) or to the Company by e-mailing to investorservices@cumi.

murugappa.com. Shareholders holding shares in electronic form may

send the communications regarding the above to their Depository

Participant.

The Ministry of Corporate Affairs vide circular dated 5th May 2020

has relaxed the requirement on companies to send Annual Report in

physical mode owing to the practical difficulties arising from COVID-19.

Accordingly, an electronic copy of the Annual Report is being sent to all

the Members holding shares in dematerialised mode and whose e-mail

IDs are available with the Depository Participant(s) and to all the Members

holding shares in physical mode whose e-mail IDs are registered with

the Company / RTA for communication purposes. Shareholders holding

shares in physical mode are requested to furnish their e-mail addresses

with Company’s Registrar and Share Transfer Agent (RTA) or to the

Company by e-mailing to investorservices@cumi.murugappa.com for

obtaining the Notice and the Annual Report. Alternatively, the same will

also be made available on the website of the Company at https://www.

cumi-murugappa.com. Detailed information on registration of e-mail

addresses with the Company/RTA is provided in the Notice convening

the 66th AGM.

Shareholders are encouraged to avail nomination facility and approach

the RTA or their Depository Participant in this regard.

Shareholders are requested to register their e-mail ID with the RTA /

Depository Participant to enable the Company to send communications

electronically.

Members are advised to intimate the details of their PAN and bank

account details to enable electronic remittance of dividend or

alternatively for being incorporated in the dividend warrants. This would

help to avoid fraudulent encashment of dividend warrants.

In case of Members holding shares in physical form, all intimations are

to be sent to KFin Technologies Private Limited, (Unit: Carborundum

Universal Limited), Selenium Building, Tower - B, Plot 31-32, Financial

District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally, Hyderabad - 500 032, the RTA

of the Company.

Members may note that pursuant to SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) (Fourth Amendment) Regulations, 2018

effective 1st April 2019, requests for effecting transfer of securities in

physical form shall not be processed unless the securities are held in

the dematerialized form with a Depository. Members would be able to

transfer their shares only after necessarily dematerialising their physical

shares. Hence, Members are encouraged to dematerialize their physical

holdings to demat form at the earliest. As per the mandate of SEBI, the

Company is required to conduct enhanced due diligence for transactions

in physical folios of shareholders.

Members are also requested to note that pursuant to an amendment

in the Finance Act, 2020, with effect from 1st April 2020, dividends

declared by the Company will be taxed in the hands of the recipient of

dividend i.e. shareholders. Hence, all dividends declared after 1st April

2020 by the Company will be paid to the Members after deducting

tax at the applicable rate of interest prescribed under the Income Tax

Act, 1961. Members may note that in the absence of PAN, the Company

would be required to deduct tax at a higher rate prescribed under the

Income Tax Act, 1961. Hence, Members who have not furnished their

PAN to the Company are requested to immediately submit a copy of their

PAN to the Company. Members seeking non-deduction of tax on their

dividends may submit Form 15G / 15H as applicable to the Company

on a yearly basis. The formats of Form 15G / Form 15H are available in

https://www.cumi-murugappa.com/investor-services/. Members may

contact the Company Secretary or any executive in the Secretarial team

at contact numbers provided in the General Shareholder Information in

case of any clarification with respect to the dividends declared by the

Company.

In case of Members holding shares in demat form, all intimations are to

be sent to their respective Depository Participants (DPs). Shareholders

may contact the Secretarial team in case of any query regarding their

holdings in the Company.

Chennai

June 6, 2020

On behalf of the Board

M M Murugappan

Chairman:

Managing Director

and Company Secretary. However, transfer of shares in physical mode is

prohibited effective April 01, 2019. In respect of transmission of shares,

all requests are considered for approval by the Stakeholders Relationship

Committee.

As stated in the Corporate Governance Report, Members holding shares

in physical form are urged to dematerialise the shares as they would be

unable to transfer the shares in physical form hereafter in view of the

requirements prescribed in this regard by SEBI.

4. Unclaimed Shares

Particulars

No. of

share

holders

No. of

shares

Aggregate number of shareholders and the

outstanding shares lying in the Unclaimed

Suspense Account at the beginning of the year

146

229,830

Number of shareholders whose shares have

been transferred during the year from the

Unclaimed Suspense Account to the Investor

Education and Protection Fund Authority

pursuant to Section 124(6) of the Companies

Act, 2013*

28

34,280

Number of shareholders who approached

the Company for transfer of shares from the

Unclaimed Suspense Account during the year in

response to the Company’s reminders

7

9,740

Number of shareholders to whom shares were

transferred from the Unclaimed Suspense

Account during the year

7

9,740

Aggregate number of shareholders and the

outstanding shares lying in the Unclaimed

Suspense Account at the end of the year

111

185,810

*In respect of the shares transferred to the Investor Education and Protection Fund

Authority, shareholders are entitled to claim these shares from the Investor Education and

Protection Fund Authority by making an application in form IEPF-5 available on website

http://www.iepf.gov.in/IEPF/corporates.html along with the requisite documents after

complying with the prescribed procedure.

On receipt of a claim for transfer from the Unclaimed Suspense Account,

the Company will after verification, either credit the shares to the

shareholder’s demat account or deliver the physical certificate after

rematerialising the same, as opted by the shareholder.

All corporate benefits in terms of securities accruing on these shares like

bonus shares, sub-division, etc. will also be credited to the Unclaimed

Suspense Account and the voting rights on these shares will remain

frozen until the claim is made by the rightful owner.

5. AGM & Dividend details

(i) Forthcoming Annual General Meeting

Wednesday, the 29th July 2020 at 3.00 P.M. IST through video

conferencing/other audio visual means.

(ii) Dividend

The Board at its meeting held on 26th February 2020 had approved

payment of an interim dividend on the equity shares of the Company at

275% i.e., `2.75/- per equity share which was paid on 11th March 2020.

The Board at its meeting held on 6th June 2020 has recommended that

the interim dividend paid be confirmed as the final dividend for the FY

2019-20 at the ensuing 66th Annual General Meeting.

(iii) Unclaimed Dividend

Dividends remaining unclaimed/unpaid for a period of seven years shall

be transferred to the Investor Education Protection Fund (IEPF). The

details of dividend paid by the Company and the respective due dates

of transfer of the unclaimed/unencashed dividend to the IEPF of the

Central Government are as below::

Financial year to

which dividend relates

Date of

Declaration

Due date for

transfer to IEPF

2012-13 (Final)

30-07-2013

05-09-2020

2013-14 (Interim)

31-01-2014

09-03-2021

2013-14 (Final)

01-08-2014

07-09-2021

2014-15 (Interim)

29-01-2015

07-03-2022

2014-15 (Final)

03-08-2015

09-09-2022

2015-16 (Interim - I)

05-02-2016

13-03-2023

2015-16 (Interim - II)

11-03-2016

17-04-2023

2016-17 (Interim)

04-02-2017

13-03-2024

2016-17 (Final)

31-07-2017

06-09-2024

2017-18 (Interim)

14-02-2018

23-03-2025

2017-18 (Final)

03-08-2018

09-09-2025

2018-19 (Interim)

01-02-2019

10-03-2026

2018-19 (Final)

31-07-2019

06-09-2026

2019-20 (Interim)

26-02-2020

03-04-2027

The Company has transferred unclaimed/unencashed dividends upto

interim dividend for FY 2012-13 to the IEPF during the year ended

31st March 2020. The Company has uploaded the details relating

to unclaimed dividends on its website for the information of its

shareholders.

(iv) Shares transferred to IEPF

Pursuant to the notification of Section 124(6) of the Companies

Act, 2013 and Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority

(Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016, the Company is

• Company Overview • Management Reports • Financial Statements:

Managing Director

The Members

CARBORUNDUM UNIVERSAL LIMITED

Parry House,

43, Moore Street,

Chennai – 600 001

We have examined all relevant records of Carborundum Universal

Limited, (CIN:L29224TN1954PLC000318) having its Registered Office

at Parry House, 43, Moore Street, Chennai – 600 001, for the purpose of

certifying compliance of the conditions of Corporate Governance under

Regulation 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of regulation 46(2) and para

C, D and E of Schedule V to the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 read with Regulation 34(3) of the SEBI

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015

for the financial year ended March 31, 2020. We have obtained all the

information and explanations, which to the best of our knowledge and

belief were necessary for the purpose of certification.

The compliance of the conditions of Corporate Governance is the

responsibility of the management. Our examination was limited to the

procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for

ensuring the compliance of the conditions of Corporate Governance.

It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial

statements of the Company.

In our opinion and on the basis of our examination of the records

produced, explanations and information furnished, we certify that

the Company has complied regarding the conditions of Corporate

Governance as stipulated under the SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as amended for the

financial year ended 31st March, 2020.

This Certificate is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the

Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which the Management

has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For R Sridharan & Associates

Company Secretaries

CS R Sridharan

CP No. 3239

FCS No. 4775

Chennai

UIN: S2003TN063400

June 06, 2020

UDIN: F004775B000318902

Certificate on Corporate Governance

To,

The Members,

CARBORUNDUM UNIVERSAL LIMITED

CIN: L29224TN1954PLC000318

Parry House, 43 Moore Street

Chennai - 600001

We have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns

and disclosures received from the Directors of CARBORUNDUM

UNIVERSAL LIMITED (CIN: L29224TN1954PLC000318) having its

Registered Office at Parry House, 43 Moore Street Chennai - 600001,

(hereinafter referred to as “The Company”) produced before us by

the Company for the purpose of issuing this certificate, in accordance

with Regulation 34 (3) read with Schedule V Part-C Sub clause 10 (i)

of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015.

In our opinion and to the best of our knowledge and according to the

verifications (including Director Identification Number (DIN) Status at

the portal www.mca.gov.in) and based on such examination as well as

information and explanations furnished to us, which to the best of our

knowledge and belief were necessary for the purpose of issue of this

certificate and based on such verification as considered necessary, we

hereby certify that none of the Directors as stated below on the Board of

the Company as on 31st March, 2020 have been debarred or disqualified

from being appointed or continuing as Directors of Companies by the

Securities and Exchange Board of India /Ministry of Corporate Affairs or

any such other statutory authority.

S.

No

DIN

NAME OF THE

DIRECTOR

DESIGNATION

Date of Initial

Appointment

1.

00170478 M M Murugappan

Non-Executive – Non-

Independent Director

17/10/1996

2.

02402921 N Ananthaseshan: Managing

Managing Director

Rekha Surendhiran

Company Secretary

On behalf of the Board

Particulars

Notes

As at

31.03.2020

As at

31.03.2019

ASSETS

Non-current assets

(a) Property, plant and equipment

4A

5907.22

5687.34

(b) Right-of-use assets

4B

214.70

-

(c) Capital work-in-progress

4C

386.48

463.88

(d) Goodwill

5A

1330.37

1222.82

(e) Other Intangible assets

5B

31.42

40.04

(f) Investment accounted for using the equity method

(i) Investments in Associate

6A

548.89

519.31

(ii) Investments in Joint Ventures

6B

612.78

681.50

(g) Financial assets

(i) Investments

6C(i)

50.08

103.13

(ii) Other financial assets

7A

146.29

133.39

(h) Deferred tax assets (net)

8A

91.72

101.05

(i) Other Non-current assets

9A

195.40

369.72

Total Non-current assets

9515.35

9322.18

Current assets

(a) Inventories

10

5076.24

5328.55

(b) Financial assets

(i) Other Investments

6C(ii)

675.14

961.25

(ii) Trade receivables

11

4015.56

5139.22

(iii) Cash and Cash equivalents

12A

2920.55

959.37

(iv) Bank balances other than (iii) above

12B

19.22

15.70

(v) Other Financial assets

7B

66.20

70.63

(c) Other Current assets

9B

628.48

523.42

Total current assets

13401.39

12998.14

Total Assets

22916.74

22320.32

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

Equity

(a) Equity share capital

13

189.41

189.15

(b) Other equity

14

18394.14

17051.87

Equity attributable to owners of the Company

18583.55

17241.02

Non-controlling interests

15

455.41

523.10

Total Equity

19038.96

17764.12

Non-current liabilities

(a) Financial liabilities

(i) Borrowings

16

42.26

50.75

(ii) Lease liabilities

4B

58.30

-

(b) Provisions

17A

112.69

96.05

(c) Deferred tax liabilities (net)

8B

132.59

355.42

Total Non-current liabilities

345.84

502.22

Current liabilities

(a) Financial liabilities

(i) Borrowings

18

552.96

867.80

(ii) Lease liabilities

4B

28.71

-

(iii) Trade payables

(a) total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises

19

15.96

30.36

(b) total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small enterprises

19

1938.03

2056.40

(iv) Other financial liabilities

20

564.60

743.31

(b) Provisions

17B

175.65

175.25

(c) Other current liabilities

21

256.03

180.86

Total Current liabilities

3531.94

4053.98

Total Liabilities

3877.78

4556.20

Total Equity and Liabilities

22916.74

22320.32

See accompanying notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements

Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss

(in Indian Rupees million, unless otherwise stated)

Subramanian Vivek

Partner

Membership Number: 100332

Chennai

June 06, 2020

For Price Waterhouse Chartered Accountants LLP

Firm Registration Number: 012754N/N500016

Chartered Accountants

M M Murugappan

Chairman

P Padmanabhan

Vice President and Chief Accounts Officer

In terms of our report attached

N Ananthaseshan: Managing

Managing Director

P Padmanabhan

Vice President and Chief Accounts Officer

Rekha Surendhiran

Company Secretary

For Price Waterhouse Chartered Accountants LLP

Firm Registration Number: 012754N/N500016

Chartered Accountants

Subramanian Vivek, Partner

Membership Number: 100332

Chennai

June 06, 2020

In terms of our report attached

On behalf of the Board

Balance as at March 31, 2018

188.96

Changes in equity share capital during the year

Shares issued against ESOP Scheme/Plan

0.19

Balance as at March 31, 2019

189.15

Changes in equity share capital during the year

Shares issued against ESOP Scheme/Plan

0.26

Balance as at March 31, 2020

189.41

B. Statement of changes in other equity - Refer Note: 14 & 15

Consolidated Cash Flow Statement

(in Indian Rupees million, unless otherwise stated)

Particulars

2019-20

2018-19

Profit before tax

3505.33

3687.80

Adjustment for:

Share of profit of Associate

(39.97)

(61.45)

Share of profit of Joint Ventures

(137.74)

(137.87)

Fair value of Investments

1.91

(0.70)

Depreciation and amortisation

1045.21

1082.71

Finance costs

63.25

84.83

Interest income

(70.72)

(48.24)

Profit on sale of Investment

-

(0.12)

Dividend income

(42.89)

(42.81)

Expenses recognised in respect of equity-settled share-based payments

16.06

15.85

Impairment loss on financial assets (net)

1.34

2.96

Allowance for doubtful receivable and advances

93.58

36.42

Reversal of allowance for doubtful receivables and advances

(31.83)

(33.20)

Provision for expenses no longer required written back

(21.11)

(9.59)

Loss/(profit) on sale of assets (net)

(43.13)

(2.49)

Loss /(profit) on exchange fluctuation (net)

(4.05)

829.91

39.75

926.05

Operating profit before working capital changes

4335.24

4613.85

Movement in working capital

(Increase)/decrease in trade receivables

857.21

(458.74)

(Increase)/decrease in Inventories

139.35

(1054.96)

(Increase)/decrease in Other financial asset

(9.16)

(29.77)

(Increase)/decrease in Other assets

(128.70)

(39.37)

Increase/(decrease) in Trade payables

(122.13)

107.54

Increase/(decrease) in Provision & other current liabilities

115.98

16.07

Increase/(decrease) in Other financial liabilities

(127.14)

725.41

63.44

(1395.79)

Cash generated from Operations

5060.65

3218.06

Income tax paid

(992.07)

(1199.78)

Net cash generated by operating activities

[A]

4068.58

2018.28

Cash flow from investing activities

Payments to acquire property, plant and equipment

(1278.46)

(948.29)

Payments for Intangible asset

(12.78)

(13.77)

Proceeds from sale of Property, plant and equipment

65.44

13.00

Dividend income from Associate

11.96

23.92

Dividend income from Joint Ventures

170.08

34.62

Proceeds / (Purchase) of Investments

0.01

0.16

Interest income received

70.70

48.23

Dividend income received

42.89

42.81

Net cash (used in)/generated by investing activities

[B]

(930.16)

(799.32)

• Company Overview • Management Reports • Financial Statements:

Managing Director

Rekha Surendhiran

Company Secretary

In terms of our report attached

On behalf of the Board

Particulars

2019-20

2018-19

Cash flow from financing activities

Proceeds from issue of equity shares

34.71

27.88

(Repayment) / proceeds from long term borrowings

-

(0.21)

(Repayment) / proceeds from short term borrowings (net)

(322.62)

(335.84)

Principal portion of lease payments

(12.09)

-

Finance costs paid

(63.25)

(84.83)

Dividend paid to shareholder

(757.25)

(520.01)

Tax on Dividend

(131.15)

(79.49)

Dividend paid to Non-Controlling interest and its related tax

(80.95)

(82.95)

Tax on Dividend - Subsidiaries

(12.92)

(16.03)

Net cash used in financing activities

[C]

(1345.52)

(1091.48)

Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents [A]+[B]+[C]

1792.90

127.48

Add : Cash and Cash equivalents at the beginning of the year

1920.62

1846.83

Effect of exchange rate changes on the balances of cash and cash equivalents

held in foreign currencies

(117.83)

(53.69)

Cash and Cash equivalents at the end of the year

3595.69

1920.62

Reconciliation of Cash and cash equivalents with the Balance Sheet:

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year

Cash and cash equivalents - Refer Note: 12A

959.37

1276.34

Current investment considered as Cash and Cash equivalents - Refer Note : 6C(ii)

961.25

570.49

1920.62

1846.83

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year

Cash and cash equivalents - Refer Note: 12A

2920.55

959.37

Current investment considered as Cash and Cash equivalents - Refer Note : 6C(ii)

675.14

961.25

3595.69

1920.62

See accompanying notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements

Ind AS

No.

Description

Accounting policy

Reference

Note Reference

2

Inventories

3.16

10

7

Statement of Cash flows

3.15

12,16

8

Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Error

2.2

10

Event after the reporting period

41,43

12

Income taxes

3.10

8,29

16

Property, plant and equipment

3.11

4A,4C,27

19

Employee benefits

3.8

25,34

24

Related party disclosures

36

28

Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures

3.1.2.2

6A,6B

33

Earnings per share

3.24

30

36

Impairment of assets

3.13

4A,4C,5

37

Provisions, Contingent liabilities and Contingent assets

3.17,3.18

17,33

38

Intangible assets

3.12

5,27

102

Share based payment

3.9

25

103

Business combinations

3.12.3

5A

105

Non-current Assets held for sale and discontinued operations

3.3

107

Financial instruments - Disclosures

3.19,3.26,3.27

11,16,18,23,35

108

Operating segments

3.22

31

112

Disclosure of interest in other entities

6A,6B,15

113

Fair value measurement

35

115

Revenue from Contracts with Customers

3.4

21,22,31

116

Leases

3.23

4B,26,27

Statement showing the applicable Key Accounting Standards (Ind AS) with related Policy & Notes references as per

Consolidated Financial Statements.

Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended March 31, 2020

• Company Overview • Management Reports • Financial Statements:

Managing Director - Refer Note: 23 of Standalone financial statement

24.31

23.19

Remuneration to Executive Director - Refer Note: 23 of Standalone financial statement

12.74

-

Welfare expenses

430.89

423.86

3448.30

3273.19

28. Other expenses

Particulars

For the year

2019-20

2018-19

Consumption of stores and spares (a)

884.26

930.36

Power and fuel (b)

3716.64

3786.10

Rent

86.02

105.39

Rates and taxes

132.96

118.07

Insurance

48.26

48.55

Repairs to: (c)

- Buildings

127.65

137.66

- Plant and Equipment

903.22

902.24

- Others

9.15

14.80

Data Processing Charges

120.67

124.67

Technical Fee / Royalty

92.46

80.34

Directors' Sitting fees

3.59

2.05

Commission to Non-wholetime Directors

16.83

15.25

Auditors' remuneration (Refer Note: 39 of Standalone financials)

7.95

6.57

Net Loss arising on financial assets mandatorily measured at FVTPL

(Refer Note: 6C (i) & (ii) investment schedule)

1.91

-

Travel and Conveyance

210.82

232.10

Freight, delivery and shipping charges

819.77

891.46

Selling commission

103.16

84.81

Advertisement and publicity

56.18

54.49

Printing, stationery and communication

46.84

50.90

Professional fees

257.44

254.00

Impairment loss on financial assets

14.08

15.22

Less: Provision adjusted

(12.74)

(12.26)

1.34

2.96

Allowance for doubtful receivables and advances

93.58

36.42

Services outsourced

1571.67

1446.89

Loss on sale of assets

12.21

8.04

Miscellaneous expenses

361.29

349.12

9685.87

9683.24

(a) Includes consumption of packing materials amounting `431.14 million (Previous year: `453.41 million)

(b) Net of own power generation, which includes energy banked with Kerala State Electricity Board - `44.85 million (Previous year NIL).

(c) Repairs includes consumption of stores and spares amounting to `299.72 million (Previous year: `310.70 million).

• Company Overview • Management Reports • Financial Statements:

Managing Director (CODM) consists of Chief Financial Officer, Leaders of Strategic Business

Units and Human resources reviews the performance of the Company and has identified three core reportable business segments organised using

differences in products and services.

•

Surface engineering (material removal, cutting, polishing) known as Abrasives. Abrasive segment comprise of Bonded, Coated, Processed

cloth, Polymers, Power tools and Coolants.

•

Technical ceramics and super refractory solutions to address wear protection, corrosion resistance, electrical resistance, heat protection and

ballistic protection known as Ceramics.

•

Electrominerals for surface engineering, refractories, energy and environment. It includes Fused Alumina, Silicon Carbide, zirconia, specialty

minerals and captive power generation from hydel power plant.

Besides the above three core segments, the Group has a power generation entity to serve its power requirements of the core business segments. The

Group also has an IT services company which provides IT infrastructure facility management services, software application development services,

remote infrastructure management services and IT security management services.

The Business Group Management Committee monitors the operating results of its business segments for the purpose of making decisions about

resource allocation and performance assessment using profit or loss and return on capital employed.

• Company Overview • Management Reports • Financial Statements:

Managing Director (Retired on 22nd November 2019)

[KS]

Mr. N. Ananthaseshan,: Managing

Managing Director

Rekha Surendhiran

Company Secretary

On behalf of the Board

• Company Overview • Management Reports • Financial Statements:

Managing Director

Subramanian Vivek

Partner

Membership Number: 100332

P. Padmanabhan

Vice President and Chief Accounts Officer

Rekha Surendhiran

Company Secretary

Chennai

June 06,2020

Statement of Profit and Loss

(in Indian Rupees million, unless otherwise stated)

In terms of our report attached

On behalf of the Board

For Price Waterhouse Chartered Accountants LLP

Firm Registration Number: 012754N/N500016

Chartered Accountants

M M Murugappan

Chairman

N Ananthaseshan: Managing

Managing Director

Subramanian Vivek

Partner

Membership Number: 100332

P. Padmanabhan

Vice President and Chief Accounts Officer

Rekha Surendhiran

Company Secretary

Chennai

June 06,2020

Cash flow Statement

(in Indian Rupees million, unless otherwise stated)

Particulars

For the year

2019-20

2018-19

A. Cash flow from Operating activities

Profit before tax

2395.42

2479.11

Adjustment for:

Depreciation and amortisation expense

669.76

754.00

Fair valuation of investments

1.91

(0.70)

Finance costs

3.52

9.38

Interest income

(35.90)

(9.69)

Dividend income

(333.03)

(226.19)

Expenses recognised in respect of equity-settled share-based payments

16.06

15.85

Allowance for doubtful receivable and advances

18.10

31.14

Reversal of allowance for doubtful receivables and advances

(19.56)

(16.50)

Provision for expenses no longer required written back

(1.44)

(7.82)

(Profit)/Loss on sale of assets (net)

(51.64)

(3.90)

Unrealised exchange (gain)/loss - net

(36.00)

231.78

16.04

561.61

Operating profit before working capital changes

2627.20

3040.72

Movement in working capital

(Increase)/decrease in trade receivables

762.60

(74.35)

(Increase)/decrease in inventories

127.39

(786.36)

(Increase)/decrease in other financial assets

(15.94)

(19.93)

(Increase)/decrease in other assets

(130.79)

(31.52)

Increase/(decrease) in trade payables

(332.65)

(158.94)

Increase/(decrease) in provision and other current liabilities

49.78

6.89

Increase/(decrease) in other financial liabilities

(166.42)

293.97

60.68

(1003.53)

Cash generated from Operations

2921.17

2037.19

Income tax paid

(610.00)

(820.00)

Net cash generated by Operating activities

[A]

2311.17

1217.19

B. Cash flow from Investing activities

Payments to acquire property, plant and equipment

(730.17)

(518.01)

Payments for intangible assets

(8.43)

(5.50)

Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment

61.25

12.48

Interest income received

35.89

9.68

Dividend income received

333.03

226.19

Net cash (used in) Investing activities

[B]

(308.43)

(275.16)

C. Cash flow from Financing activities

Proceeds from issue of equity shares

34.71

27.88

(Repayment)/proceeds from long term borrowings

-

(9.13)

Principal portion of lease payments

(7.26)

-

Finance costs paid

(3.52)

(9.38)

Dividends paid

(757.25)

(520.01)

Tax on dividend

(131.15)

(79.49)

Net cash (used in) Financing activities

[C]

(864.47)

(590.13)

Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents [A]+[B]+[C]

[D]

1138.27

351.90

Add: Cash and Cash equivalents at the beginning of the year

1092.36

740.46

Cash and Cash equivalents at the end of the year

2230.63

1092.36

Reconciliation of Cash and cash equivalents with the Balance Sheet:

Cash and Cash equivalents at the beginning of the year

Cash and cash equivalents - Refer Note: 11A

156.71

195.67

Current investment considered as Cash and Cash equivalents - Refer Note: 6E

935.65

544.79

1092.36

740.46

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year

Cash and cash equivalents - Refer Note: 11A

1614.61

156.71

Current investment considered as Cash and Cash equivalents - Refer Note: 6E

616.02

935.65

2230.63

1092.36

See accompanying notes forming part of the financial statements

In terms of our report attached

On behalf of the Board

N Ananthaseshan: Managing Director

Rekha Surendhiran

Company Secretary

M M Murugappan

Managing Director includes

Particulars

For the year

2019-20

2018-19

Salaries & Allowances

15.95

14.13

Incentive *

5.47

5.89

Contribution to provident and other funds

2.89

3.17

(excludes gratuity, compensated absences and share based payments since employee-wise valuation is

not available)

24.31

23.19

Value of perquisites (included under appropriate heads of accounts)

0.04

0.05

Remuneration to Executive Director includes

Particulars

For the year

2019-20

For the year

2018-19

Salaries & Allowances

8.85

-

Incentive *

2.48

-

Contribution to provident and other funds

1.41

-

(excludes gratuity, compensated absences and share based payments since employee-wise valuation is

not available)

12.74

-

Value of perquisites (included under appropriate heads of accounts)

0.03

-

* Incentive to: Managing

Managing director (CODM) consisting of Chief Financial Officer, Leaders of Strategic

Business Units and Human resources have identified the above three reportable business segments. It reviews and monitors the operating results of

the business segments for the purpose of making decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment using profit or loss and return

on capital employed.

• Company Overview • Management Reports • Financial Statements:

Managing Director (Retired on 22nd November 2019)

[KS]

Mr.N Ananthaseshan,: Managing

Letter of comfort /

Guarantee outstanding*

Trade and other

receivable

Deposit

outstanding

Payables: Letter of comfort/

Guarantee outstanding*

Subsidiaries

CAI

218.94

-

0.48

339.26

170.42

-

-

342.40

Net Access

0.53

-

1.06

-

0.72

-

4.70

-

Sterling

22.32

-

-

-

18.84

-

0.35

-

Sedco

0.27

-

12.97

-

0.24

-

13.16

-

CAPL

9.50

-

-

-

43.28

-

-

-

CME

45.81

-

1.32

-

45.97

-

-

-

Foskor

-

-

-

211.50

8.29

-

-

239.00

CIL

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

1203.58

CACCL

73.77

-

9.18

-

49.98

-

-

-

VAW

-

-

129.93

-

1.22

-

57.51

-

Total

371.14

-

154.94

550.76

338.96

-

75.72

1784.98

Joint Ventures

MMTCL

12.81

-

1.92

-

11.14

-

1.65

-

Ciria

2.14

-

-

-

11.60

-

-

-

Total

14.95

-

1.92

-

22.74

-

1.65

-

Associate & its Subsidiaries

Wendt

39.43

1.00

4.15

-

31.69

1.00

5.33

-

WGTL

0.54

-

-

7.08

-

-

-

Total

39.97

1.00

4.15

-

38.77

1.00

5.33

-

Other related parties

PEIL

-

-

1.63

-

-

-

3.12

-

CUEPF

-

-

11.45

-

-

-

10.75

-

Total

-

-

13.08

-

-

-

13.87

-

Grand Total

426.06

1.00

174.09

550.76

400.47

1.00

96.57

1784.98

Transactions with related parties in the nature of sale of goods, rendering of services, purchase of goods, procurement of services are at arm's length price.

* Issued towards availment of banking facilities by the respective entities.

Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements

For the year ended March 31, 2020 (in Indian Rupees million, unless otherwise stated)

D. Compensation to Key Management Personnel

The remuneration to Key Management Personnel for the years is given below:

Particulars

As at

31.03.2020

31.03.2019

KS

AN

Total

KS

Short term benefits

16.72

4.70

21.42

20.02

Post employment benefits

2.10

0.79

2.89

3.17

Other benefits

0.02

0.02

0.04

0.05

Total

18.84

5.51

24.35

23.24

Retiral benefit paid

9.99

-

9.99

-

The remuneration to Key Management Personnel is determined by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee having regard to the performance of

individual and market trends.

36. Employee Stock Option Scheme/Plan [ESOP]

A. ESOP Scheme 2007

a. Pursuant to the approval accorded by shareholders at their Annual General Meeting held on 27th July 2007, the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee of the Company formulated ‘Carborundum Universal Limited Employee Stock Option Scheme 2007’ (ESOP Scheme 2007).

b. Under the Scheme, Options not exceeding 4,667,700 were reserved to be issued to the eligible employees, with each Option conferring a right

upon the employee to apply for one equity share. The Options granted under the Scheme would vest as per the following schedule (except Grant

V B):

20% on expiry of one year from the date of grant;

20% on expiry of two years from the date of grant;

30% on expiry of three years from the date of grant; and

30% on expiry of four years from the date of grant.

The Options granted to the employees would be capable of being exercised within a period of three years from the date of the first vesting and

six years from the date of the second, third and fourth vesting.

In respect of Grant V B, 40 per cent of the Options would vest on expiry of one year from the date of grant and 30 per cent each on expiry of 2

and 3 years from the date of grant. The Options granted to the employees (Grant V B) can be exercised within a period of three years from the

date of the vesting in respect of 50% of the first tranche and six years for the balance 50% of the first tranche and the subsequent tranches

from the respective date of vesting.

c. The exercise price of the Option is equal to the latest available closing market price of the shares on the stock exchange where there is highest

trading volume as on the date prior to the date of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee resolution approving the grant.

d. The vesting of Options is linked to continued association with the Company and the employee achieving performance rating parameters.

• Company Overview • Management Reports • Financial Statements

letter mentioning the

Folio No., and name of the Member;

- Self-attested copy of PAN;

- Self-attested copy of any address proof including Aadhar,

Passport etc.;

- Scanned copy of share certificate(s) (front and back);

- Scanned copy of the cancelled cheque bearing the name

of the first named shareholder;

- Name and branch of the bank in which Members wish

to receive the dividend, the bank account type, MICR

Code Number and IFSC number.

Demat

Members to contact their respective DPs and register their

PAN, e-mail address and bank account details in their demat

account, as per the process recommended by the DP.

10. Members are requested to note that in terms of the SEBI

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 (amended from time to time), with effect from

1st April 2019, shares of the Company can be transferred only

in dematerialised form. In view of the above, Members are

advised to dematerialise the shares held by them in physical

form. This will also eliminate all risks associated with holding

securities in physical form and provide ease in portfolio

management. For further information, please contact us

at investorservices@cumi.murugappa.com or the RTA at

einward.ris@kfintech.com.

11. Registration of e-mail address by Members and details for

obtaining/downloading the electronic copy of the Annual

Report and Notice convening the AGM:

In view of the prevailing COVID-19 pandemic situation, MCA

vide its Circular dated 5th May 2020 has exempted companies

from sending Annual Reports in physical mode. Accordingly,

an electronic copy of the Annual Report is being sent to all

the Members holding shares in dematerialised form and

whose e-mail addresses are available with the DPs as well as

to all the Members holding shares in physical mode whose

e-mail addresses are registered with the Company/RTA for

communication purposes. Procedure for obtaining the Annual

Report, AGM notice as well as electronic voting (e-voting)

instructions for Members whose e-mail addresses are not

registered with the DPs or with RTA is provided herein and also:

letter mentioning the

Folio No., name of the Member, e-mail address and mobile

number;

- Self-attested copy of PAN;

- Self-attested copy of any address proof including Aadhar,

Passport etc.;

- Scanned copy of share certificate(s) (front and back).

Demat

Members may contact their DPs and register or update their

respective e-mail addresses in the demat account, as per the

process recommended by the DP.

Alternatively, Members holding shares in physical or in electronic form

who have not registered their e-mail address may temporarily get their

e-mail address and mobile number registered with RTA by clicking the

link: https://ris.kfintech.com/email_registration/ for enabling receipt of

the Annual report electronically. Members are requested to follow the

process stated in the link to register their e-mail address and mobile

number. After due verification, RTA will forward the documents and the

login credentials for voting and attending the AGM to the registered

e-mail address.

Members can also send the abovementioned documents to

M/s. KFin Technologies Private Limited at Selenium Building,

Tower-B, Plot No 31 & 32, Financial District, Nanakramguda,

Serilingampally, Hyderabad - 500 032.

As an eco-friendly measure intending to benefit the society

at large, we request you to be part of the e-initiative and

register your e-mail address to receive all communication

and documents including Annual reports from time to time in

electronic form to the e-mail address provided by you.

In case of any queries, Members may write to einward.ris@

kfintech.com or investorservices@cumi.murugappa.com

by quoting their Folio number or DP and Client ID.

12. Additional information pursuant to SEBI (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and

Secretarial Standards on General Meetings in respect of the

Directors seeking appointment/re-appointment at the AGM

is furnished and forms part of the Notice. The Directors

have furnished the requisite consents/declarations for their

appointment/re-appointment.

13. The business set out in the Notice will be transacted through

electronic voting. Pursuant to Section 108 of the Companies

Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management

and Administration) Rules, 2014, and amendments thereof,

the Company is pleased to offer e-voting facility to Members

to cast their votes electronically on all resolutions set forth

in the Notice convening the 66th AGM. The Company has

engaged the services of M/s. KFin Technologies Private Limited

to provide remote e-voting facility and voting facility during

the AGM (Instapoll) to enable Members to exercise their votes

in a secured manner. The instructions for remote e-voting as

well as Instapoll is provided in this Notice.

The Board of Directors have appointed Mr. R Sridharan or

failing him Ms. Srinidhi Sridharan of M/s. R Sridharan and

Associates, Practising Company Secretaries as the Scrutiniser

to scrutinise the e-voting process in a fair and transparent

manner.

The Notice and the instructions for attending the AGM and

exercising the voting are being sent in electronic form to all

the Members whose e-mail addresses are registered with the

Company/their DPs for communication purposes. For others

who have not registered their e-mail addresses, please refer

the instructions in Note 11 above.

14. A shareholder satisfaction survey form is available on the

website of the Company at http://www.cumi-murugappa.

com/survey/index.php. Members who have not yet

participated in the survey are requested to kindly give your

valuable feedback by filling up the form in the above link.

15. Members who hold shares in physical form in multiple folios

in identical names or joint holding in the same order of names

are requested to send their share certificates to the RTA for

consolidation into a single folio.

16. All documents referred to in the accompanying Notice and

the statement under Section 102 of the Act, shall be open

for inspection during normal business hours (9.30 a.m. to

5.30 p.m.) on all working days upto the date of the AGM.

The Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel and

their shareholding, the Register of Contracts or Arrangements

in which the Directors are interested, maintained under the

Companies Act, 2013 and the certificate of the Statutory

Auditors under SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits):

Letter etc., together with attested specimen

signature(s) of the duly authorised representative(s), to the

Scrutiniser at rsaevoting@gmail.com with a copy marked

to evoting@kfintech.com. The scanned image of the above

mentioned documents should be in the naming format

“CUMI - 66th AGM”.:

Managing Director of Parry Enterprises India Limited and is also:

Managing Director of State Bank of Indore

from 2008 to 2010. She headed Wholesale Banking Credit

Committee at Corporate Centre evaluating high value commercial

credit proposals including project finance for infrastructure. She

also headed Credit Committees at State Bank of Indore, SBI

Bangalore Circle served on the Boards of SIDBI Ventures, SBICI

(State Bank of India Commercial and International Bank Ltd.) and

CERSAI (Central Registry of Securitization Asset Reconstruction

and Securities Interest) etc. She was a permanent member of

Corporate Centre Investment Committee and Credit Policies and

Procedures Committee. She retired as Deputy: Managing Director,

Stressed Asset Management Group of State Bank of India. Her

profile is provided in the Annual Report and the information

under Regulation 36(3) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and Secretarial Standards on

General Meetings is provided in the annexure.

In the opinion of the Board, Mrs. Soundara Kumar satisfies the

criteria prescribed in the Act and Rules made thereunder for

appointment as an Independent Director of the Company and

that she is independent of the Management. Accordingly, the

Board of Directors have recommended her appointment as an

Independent Director for a term of five (5) consecutive years from

3rd August 2019 in terms of Section 149(10) of the Act. The draft

letter of appointment setting out the terms and conditions of her

appointment is available on the website of the Company.

The Company has also received a notice under Section 160 of

the Act from a Member proposing her candidature. Considering

Mrs. Soundara Kumar’s experience, expertise and stature would

immensely benefit the Company, the Board recommends her

appointment as an Independent Director for a term of five (5)

consecutive years commencing from 3rd August 2019. As her

appointment as an Additional Director is until the AGM and

her appointment as an Independent Director of the Company

requires the approval of the shareholders, the item is considered

unavoidable in line with the General circular No. 20/2020 issued

by MCA and forms part of this Notice.

Memorandum of Interest

Except Mrs. Soundara Kumar being the appointee, none of the

other Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or

their relatives is interested or concerned, financially or otherwise

in the aforesaid Ordinary Resolution.

Item No.6

The shareholders at the 64th Annual General Meeting held on

3rd August 2018 had approved the payment of remuneration to

Non-Executive Directors of the Company not exceeding one per

cent of the net profits of the Company.

In line with the Remuneration Policy of the Company, the

compensation to the Non-Executive Directors takes the form

of commission on profit. Though shareholders have approved

payment of commission up to one per cent of net profits of

the Company for each year, the actual commission paid to the

Directors is restricted to a fixed sum within the above limit. This

sum is reviewed periodically taking into consideration various

factors such as performance of the Company, time spent by

the Directors for attending to the affairs and business of the

Company and extent of responsibilities cast on Directors under

general law and other relevant factors. In keeping with evolving

trends in industry and considering the increased time spent by

Mr. M M Murugappan, he is paid a differential commission.

Mr. M M Murugappan,

