letter dated July 21, 2020 wherein the Company had informed that the 33rd Annual General

Meeting of the Company (“AGM”) is scheduled to be held on Friday, August 28, 2020 at 4.00 p.m through Video

Conferencing (VC) and other audio visual means (OAVM) in accordance, with the relevant circulars issued by

Ministry of Corporate Affairs and Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI).

Please find enclosed herewith Annual Report of the Company for the financial year ended December 31, 2019

including the revised Notice of 33rd AGM.

The revised Notice of the 33rd AGM and the Annual Report are also being uploaded on the website of the Company

at www.crisil.com.

Kindly acknowledge receipt and inform your members accordingly. In case of queries, you may send an email to

investors@crisil.com or call on +91-22-33423595.

Yours faithfully,

For CRISIL Limited

Minal Bhosale

Company Secretary

ACS 12999

Encl.: a/a

CRISIL Limited

Corporate Identity Number: L67120MH1987PLC042363

MINAL

AMIT

BHOSALE

Digitally signed by

MINAL AMIT

BHOSALE

Date: 2020.08.04

11:21:43 +05'30':

letter mentioning their Folio

No., name scanned copy of the share certificate (front

and back), PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card)

and AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar

card) for registering email address.

INSTRUCTIONS RELATED TO THE PAYMENT OF FINAL

DIVIDEND FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,

2019:

26. The Register of Members and Share Transfer Books

of the Company was closed from Tuesday, April 7, 2020

to Wednesday, April 8, 2020 (both days inclusive) for

determining the names of members eligible for dividend

on equity shares, if declared at the AGM. These dates

remain unchanged.

27. Dividend as recommended by the Board of Directors, if

declared at the AGM, shall be paid on September 2, 2020:

(a)

to those Members whose names appear on the

Register of Members of the Company after giving

effect to all valid transfers in physical form lodged

with the Company and its Registrar and Transfer

Agents before Monday, April 6, 2020; and,

(b)

in respect of shares held in electronic form, on the

basis of beneficial ownership as per the details

furnished by the National Securities Depository

Limited (NSDL) and Central Depository Services

(India) Limited (CDSL) at the close of business hours

on Monday, April 6, 2020.

28. Members are requested to note that the Company’s

shares are under compulsory electronic trading for

all investors. Members are, therefore, requested to

dematerialise their shareholding to avoid inconvenience.

Members whose shares are in electronic mode are

requested to inform change of address and updates

of bank account(s) to their respective Depository

Participants. Members holding shares in physical form

are requested to advice such changes to the Company’s

Registrar and Transfer Agent, KFin Technologies Private

Limited. Members are encouraged to use the Electronic

Clearing

Services

(ECS)

for

receiving

dividends.

Members desirous of availing ECS facility for payment

of dividend may download the required ECS mandate

form from the website of the Company, www.crisil.com.

In case any member is unable to submit their details

for remittance of dividend through ECS, the dividend

warrants/ cheque shall be dispatched by post subject

to availability of services and delays on account of local

area lockdowns.

29. The Company has transferred the unclaimed or

un-encashed dividends upto 1st Interim dividend 2013

to the Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF)

established by the Central Government. The Company

transfers the unclaimed or un-encashed dividend to IEPF

after the expiry of seven years from the date of transfer to

unpaid dividend account.

Members who have a valid claim to any unclaimed

dividends which are not yet transferred, may claim the

same from the Company immediately. The detailed

dividend history, due dates for transfer to IEPF, and the

details of unclaimed amounts lying with the Company in

respect of dividends declared since 2013 are available on

website of the Company, www.crisil.com.

Also, pursuant to Section 124(2) of the Companies Act,

2013, the Company has uploaded details of unpaid and

unclaimed amounts lying with the Company in respect of

dividends declared in financial year 2019, on the website

of the Company.

GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS

30. The statement setting out details relating to the Special

Business to be transacted at the AGM, pursuant to Section

102(1) of the Companies Act, 2013, is annexed hereto.

All the documents referred to in the Notice and

Explanatory Statement will be available for inspection

in electronic mode by the Members between 11.00 a.m.

and 1.00 p.m. on all working days, except Saturdays, from

the date hereof upto the date of the Meeting by sending

an email to investors@crisil.com.

31. The certificate from the Statutory Auditors of the

Company certifying that the Company’s Employee Stock

Option Scheme – 2011, Employee Stock Option Scheme

– 2012 and Employee Stock Option Scheme – 2014

are being implemented in accordance with Securities

and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee

Benefits) Regulations, 2014 and in accordance with the

resolutions passed by the members of the Company will

be available for inspection by the members during AGM

in electronic mode upon login at NSDL e-voting system

at www.evoting.nsdl.com. Members can also inspect the

same by sending an email to investors@crisil.com up to

date of this Annual General Meeting i.e. August 28, 2020.

32. The Annual Report of the Company along with the

original and revised Notice of the 33rd Annual General

Meeting is also available on the website of the

Company, www.crisil.com and on the website of BSE Ltd.

and National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. As per Section

136(1), the copies of the aforesaid documents will also

be available for inspection in electronic mode between

11.00 a.m. and 1.00 p.m. on all working days, excluding

Saturdays, by sending an email to investors@crisil.com.

33. The Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel

and their shareholding maintained under Section 170

of Companies Act, 2013 and the Register of Contracts:

Managing Director and Global Head of Energy at

CME Group. Before this, Mr. Fraenkel held senior

roles managing global sales and trading businesses

for top-tier investment banks, such as Credit

Agricole CIB, NM Rothschild and Dresdner Kleinwort

as Global Head of Commodities and for JP Morgan

Chase as Global Head of Energy, Agriculture and

Base Metals Trading and Head of Commodities for

EMEA. He has also provided consulting services to

leading exchanges, hedge funds, trade houses and

proprietary traders. Mr. Fraenkel has chaired the

London Gold Market, the operator of the global gold

price benchmark and served on the board of the

CRISIL Limited

Revised Notice of the 33rd AGM:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer of the Company, for

a further period of 5 (five) years with effect from June 1, 2020, on

terms and conditions as specified in the resolution at Item No.

5 of the Notice. Ms. Suyash completed her term on May 31, 2020.

The proposed re-appointment and terms and conditions have

been approved by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee

of the Company. Her appointment and remuneration is fixed

in accordance with Section 196, 197 and Schedule V of the

Companies Act, 2013.

It is proposed to seek members’ approval for the re-appointment

of and remuneration payable to Ms. Suyash as Managing

Director & Chief Executive Officer, in terms of the applicable

provisions of the Act.

Brief profile of Ms. Suyash, her experience, qualifications and

other details, have been included in the Notes to this Notice.

The terms and conditions of her re-appointment are specified in

the resolution at Item No. 5 of the Notice. Ms. Suyash satisfies

all the conditions set out in Part-I of Schedule V to the Act as

also conditions set out under sub-section (3) of Section 196

of the Act for being eligible for this re-appointment. She is not

disqualified from being appointed as Director in terms of Section

164 of the Act.

The Board considers it in the interest of the Company to

re-appoint Ms. Ashu Suyash as the: Managing

letter of appointment of Ms. Shyamala Gopinath

is available for inspection in electronic mode during the Annual

General Meeting of the Company upon login at NSDL e-voting

system at https://www.evoting.nsdl.com.

Considering Ms. Gopinath’s deep expertise in the banking and

financial services space as also governance experience with

multinational and global boards, the Board of Directors considers

it in the interest of the Company to appoint Ms. Shyamala Gopinath

as an Independent Director and recommends the appointment

for a term from July 10, 2020 up to July 9, 2025. Pursuant to the

provisions of the Listing Regulations, the approval of the Members

by way of a Special Resolution is required for the appointment of

a Non-Executive Director (which includes independent director),

who shall attain the age of seventy five years during her term of

appointment. Since Ms. Gopinath will attain the prescribed age of

seventy five years during her term, the approval of the Members

of the Company is being sought by way of a Special Resolution.

None of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the

Company or their relatives, except Ms. Shyamala Gopinath, or her

relatives to the extent of their shareholding, if any, are in any way,

interested or concerned in this resolution.

The Board recommends the resolution set out at Item No. 6 of the

Notice for approval by the members by way of a Special Resolution.

By order of the Board

For CRISIL Limited

Minal Bhosale

Company Secretary

ACS 12999

Mumbai, July 21, 2020:

Message from the Chairman

02

About CRISIL

04

Board of Directors

06

Performance Highlights

14

CRISIL Businesses

16

Reports & Publications

18

Franchise Highlights

20

Employee Engagement Initiatives

24

Corporate Social Responsibility

28

Directors’ Report

36

Management Discussion and Analysis Report

67

Independent Auditors’ Certificate for Corporate Governance

79

Report of the Directors on Corporate Governance

80

Business Responsibility Report

100

Consolidated Financial Statements

118

Standalone Financial Statements

182

Notice

238

Proxy Form

247

Corporate

Overview

02-33

A

Statutory

Reports

36-115

B

Financial

Statements

C118-237:

MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

CRISIL Limited

Annual Report 2019

10

Board of Directors:

Managing Director & Chief Executive

Officer

Amish Mehta

Chief Operating Officer

Sanjay Chakravarti

Chief Financial Officer

Anupam Kaura

President - Human Resources and

Administration

Ramesh Lakshminarayanan

Chief Information Officer

Pawan Agrawal

Chief Risk Officer

Gurpreet Chhatwal

President – Ratings

Dimitri Londos

President – Global Research &

Analytics

Stephane Besson

Chief Executive Officer – CRISIL

Coalition

Sameer Bhatia

President – Infrastructure Advisory,

Business Intelligence and Risk

Solutions

Subodh Rai

Senior Director – Ratings

Priti Arora

Business Head – Global Analytics

Centre & Chief Strategy Officer

Maya Vengurlekar

Senior Director – CRISIL Foundation

and Marketing & Communication

Senior Management Team

Corporate Social Responsibility

Committee

Vinita Bali

Chairperson

Girish Paranjpe

Ashu Suyash

Risk Management Committee

Girish Paranjpe

Chairperson

Arundhati Bhattacharya

Ashu Suyash

Company Secretary

Minal Bhosale

Statutory auditors

Walker Chandiok & Co LLP

Solicitors

Wadia Ghandy & Co

Board Committees

Main Bankers

ICICI Bank

Citibank

The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking

Corporation

Share transfer agent

KFin Technologies Private Limited

Selenium Tower B, Plot 31-32

Gachibowli Financial District

Nanakramguda, Hyderabad - 500 032

Email: einward.ris@kfintech.com

Phone No: +91 40 6716 2222

Toll Free No: 1800 34 54 001

Registered office

CRISIL House

Central Avenue

Hiranandani Business Park

Powai, Mumbai - 400 076

Audit Committee

M. Damodaran

Chairman

Vinita Bali

Girish Paranjpe

Martin Fraenkel

Nomination and Remuneration

Committee

Vinita Bali

Chairperson

M. Damodaran

John Berisford

Stakeholders’ Relationship

Committee

Arundhati Bhattacharya

Chairperson

Ewout Steenbergen

Ashu Suyash

11:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer – L&T

Finance Holdings, Mr Rashesh Shah, Chairman,: Managing Director & Chief Executive

Officer – Edelweiss Group, Mr Gurpreet Chhatwal, President, CRISIL Ratings, Mr Nirmal

Jain,

Managing Director, Kotak Mahindra Bank and

Doug Peterson, President & Chief Executive Officer, S&P

Global, at a client dinner event in Mumbai.

Team Argentina was honored by the visit of His Excellency, Mr Dinesh Bhatia, India

Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Republic of Argentina, Uruguay and

Paraguay during Diwali celebrations.

Employee Engagement Initiatives

S&P Global Board’s visit to India

Employee connect

The S&P Global Board of Directors visited India in 2019. This was the first time that the S&P Global Board Meeting was held

in India. The Board and Operating Committee members also spent time visiting the CRISIL office in Mumbai, and meeting

employees and clients over two days. The visit underlined India’s importance in the plans of S&P Global.

Teams across the globe came

together to celebrate Diwali,

Halloween, Navratri and

Christmas.

The CEO Awards celebrated outstanding

contributions made by employees who exemplify

the culture of excellence at CRISIL. In 2019, 33

employees were awarded across 09 categories.

Over 44 associates graduated as the eleventh

batch of CRISIL Certified Analyst Programme

(CCAP), a two-year intensive work-cum-study

programme aimed at developing world class

finance professionals for various analyst roles in

CRISIL and industry.

Recognising talent

The CEO Awards winners of 2019 with the senior leadership

team

(L to R) John Berisford, President, S&P Global Ratings and

Chairman – CRISIL, with Members of the S&P Global Board,

Stephanie C. Hill, William D. Green and Charles E. Haldeman,

Jr., Non-Executive Chairman of the Board, S&P Global Inc., at

a panel discussion at the Employee Town Hall.

CRISIL Limited

Annual Report 2019

24

Employee Engagement

Initiatives:

Dear Member,

The Directors are pleased to present to you the 33rd Annual Report of CRISIL Limited, along with the audited financial statements,

for the year ended December 31, 2019.

Financial performance

A summary of the Company’s financial performance in 2019:

**Final dividend for 2018: Rupees 11 per equity share of Rupee 1 each

*Final dividend for 2017: Rupees 10 per equity share of Rupee 1 each

The financial statements for the year ended December

31, 2019 have been prepared in accordance with Indian

Accounting Standards (Ind AS) notified under the Companies

(Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 read with Section

133 of Companies Act, 2013, (the ‘Act’) and other relevant

provisions of the Act. There are no material departures

from the prescribed norms stipulated by the Accounting

Standards in preparation of the Annual Accounts. Accounting

policies have been consistently applied except where a newly

issued accounting standard, if initially adopted or a revision

to an existing accounting standard requires a change in the

accounting policy hitherto in use. Management evaluates

all recently issued or revised accounting standards on an

ongoing basis. The Company discloses consolidated and

standalone financial results on a quarterly basis which are

subjected to limited review and publishes consolidated and

standalone audited financial results on an annual basis.

a) Consolidated operations

Revenue from the Company’s consolidated operations

for 2019 was Rupees 1,804.56 crore, as against

Rupees 1,821.90 crore in the previous year. Overall expenses

were Rupees 1,312.97 crore as against Rupees 1,322.31

crore in the previous year. Profit before tax was Rupees

491.59 crore as against Rupees 499.59 crore in the previous

year. Profit after tax was Rupees 343.95 crore as against

Rupees 363.10 crore in the previous year.

b) Standalone operations

Revenue from the Company’s standalone operations for

2019 was Rupees 1,307.72 crore, compared with Rupees

1,270.86 crore in the previous year. Overall expenses were

Rupees 929.88 crore as against Rupees 890.29 crore in

the previous year. Profit before tax was Rupees 377.84

crore as against Rupees 380.57 crore in the previous

year. Profit after tax was Rupees 266.29 crore as against

Rupees 277.53 crore in the previous year.

A detailed analysis of the Company’s performance,

consolidated and standalone, is included in the

Management Discussion and Analysis Report, which is a

part of the Annual Report.

(Rupees in crore)

Particulars

Consolidated

Standalone

2019

2018

2019

2018

Total income

1,804.56

1,821.90

1,307.72

1,270.86

Profit before interest, depreciation, exceptional

items and taxes

528.68

544.64

403.47

410.42

Finance cost

0.23

2.23

-

1.18

Deducting depreciation of

36.86

42.82

25.63

28.67

Profit before tax

491.59

499.59

377.84

380.57

Deducting taxes of

147.64

136.49

111.55

103.04

Profit after tax

343.95

363.10

266.29

277.53

Other comprehensive income

(87.75)

(94.63)

(95.94)

(99.51)

Total other comprehensive income

256.20

268.47

170.35

178.02

Appropriations are:

Final dividend

79.38**

71.73*

79.38**

71.73*

Interim dividend

137.35

136.79

137.35

136.79

Corporate dividend tax

34.89

42.86

34.89

42.86

Special Economic Zone reinvestment reserve

-

1.50

-

1.50

Directors’ Report

36

CRISIL Limited

Annual Report 2019:

Managing Director & CEO

Ms Ashu Suyash was appointed as: Managing

Managing Director/Whole-time Director of the Company

from any of its subsidiaries

4.

Significant or material orders passed by the regulators

or courts or tribunals, which impact the going concern

status and the Company’s operations in future

5.

Buyback of shares

6.

Material changes and commitments affecting the

financial position of the Company that have occurred

between the end of the financial year to which the

financial statements relate and the date of this report,

unless otherwise stated in the report

7.

The Company is not required to maintain cost records as

per sub-section (1) of Section 148 of the Companies Act,

2013

Acknowledgements

The Board of Directors wishes to thank the employees

of CRISIL for their exemplary dedication and excellence

displayed in conducting all operations. The Board also

wishes to place on record its sincere appreciation of the faith

reposed in the professional integrity of CRISIL by customers

and investors who have patronised its services. The Board

acknowledges the splendid support provided by market

intermediaries. The affiliation with S&P Global has been a

source of great strength. The Board of Directors also wishes to

place on record its gratitude for the faith reposed in CRISIL by

the shareholders, Securities and Exchange Board of India, the

Reserve Bank of India, the Government of India and the state

governments. The role played by the media in highlighting the

good work done by CRISIL is deeply appreciated.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of CRISIL Limited,

John L. Berisford

Chairman

Mumbai, February 11, 2020

(DIN: 07554902)

49:

Managing Director

Chairperson

& Chief Executive Officer

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

(DIN: 00494515)

(DIN : 00032940)

Mumbai, February 11, 2020

conservation movement in India. To achieve this Nature

Forever Society has been working by launching initiatives

which are simple and have far reaching conservation value.

D.

Education for the Underprivileged

Each One Educate One

Each One Educate One Foundation, a partner unit of Sri

Sathya Sai Loka Seva Group of Educational Institutions is

registered under Section 25 of The Companies Act 1956 on

September 28 2017. It is engaged in social welfare activities

in the field of values based education imparted free of cost

to children hailing from the underprivileged and underserved

sections of society, residing in the rural hinterlands of India.

E. Flood Relief

HOPE Foundation

HOPE foundation a society registered in Delhi and is

engaged in initiatives involving education, care for

orphans & elderly, skill development, health, disaster

relief and livelihood enhancement.

SEEDS (Sustainable Environment and Ecological

Development Society)

SEEDS

(Sustainable

Environment

and

Ecological

Development Society), a society registered in Delhi under

the Societies registration Act, 1860 with one ultimate

goal: protecting the lives and livelihoods of people

exposed to disasters. They are engaged in initiatives

involving disaster risk reduction, shelter construction

and settlement, education, health, school safety and

capacity building.

CRISIL Foundation has also collaborated with Bhumi,

Green For Life Foundation, I am Gurgaon, and SayTrees

Environmental Trust for environment conservation.

6. In case the Company has failed to spend two per cent of

the average net profit of the last three financial years or

any part thereof, the Company shall provide the reasons

for not spending the amount in its Board report: Not

Applicable as the Company has met the target.

7.

The CSR Committee of the Company hereby confirms that

the implementation and monitoring of CSR Policy, is in

compliance with CSR objectives and Policy of the Company.

CRISIL Limited

Annual Report 2019

Directors’ Report

52:

Managing Director & CEO’s Declaration

To the Members of CRISIL Limited

1.

This certificate is issued in accordance with the terms of

our engagement: letter dated April 22, 2019.

2.

We have examined the compliance of conditions of

corporate governance by CRISIL Limited (‘the Company’)

for the year ended on December 31, 2019, as stipulated in

Regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) of Regulation 46(2), and

paragraphs C, D and E of Schedule V of the Securities and

Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’).

Management’s Responsibility

3.

The compliance of conditions of corporate governance is

the responsibility of the management. This responsibility

includes the designing, implementing and maintaining

operating effectiveness of internal control to ensure

compliance with the conditions of corporate governance

as stipulated in the Listing Regulations.

Auditor’s Responsibility

4.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Listing Regulations,

our responsibility is to express a reasonable assurance

in the form of an opinion as to whether the Company has

complied with the conditions of corporate governance as

stated in paragraph 2 above. Our responsibility is limited

to examining the procedures and implementation thereof,

adopted by the Company for ensuring the compliance

with the conditions of corporate governance. It is neither

an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial

statements of the Company.

5.

We have examined the relevant records of the Company

in accordance with the applicable Generally Accepted

Auditing Standards in India, the Guidance Note on

Certification of Corporate Governance issued by the

Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (‘ICAI’), and

Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for Special

Purposes issued by the ICAI which requires that we

comply with the ethical requirements of the Code of

Ethics issued by the ICAI.

6.

We have complied with the relevant applicable

requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1,

Quality Control for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews

of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance

and Related Services Engagements.

Opinion

7.

Based on the procedures performed by us and to the best

of our information and according to the explanations

provided to us, in our opinion, the Company has complied,

in all material respects, with the conditions of corporate

governance as stipulated in the Listing Regulations

during the year ended December 31, 2019.

We state that such compliance is neither an assurance

as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency

or effectiveness with which the management has

conducted the affairs of the Company.

Restriction on use

8.

This certificate is issued solely for the purpose of

complying with the aforesaid regulations and may not be

suitable for any other purpose.

For Walker Chandiok & Co LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm Registration No. 001076N/N500013

Khushroo B. Panthaky

Partner

Place: Mumbai

Membership No.: 42423

Date: February 11, 2020

UDIN: 200424323AAAAAX1874

To the members of CRISIL Limited

I hereby confirm that all the members of the Board and Senior Management have affirmed compliance with the Code of Conduct.

For CRISIL Limited

Ashu Suyash

Managing

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer

Ms Ashu Suyash

(DIN: 00494515)

Notes:

1. The Board of Directors has appointed Mr Martin Fraenkel as Additional

Non-Executive Director of the Company with effect from April 18, 2019.

2. Ms Martina Cheung (DIN:07551069) tendered her resignation as a Director

of the company with effect from April 18, 2019.

3. Mr Ravinder Singhania (DIN: 00006921), Alternate Director to Mr John Berisford,

ceased to be an Alternate Director, with effect from July 22, 2019.

4. Mr M Damodaran and Ms Vinita Bali, were re-appointed as Independent

Directors, with effect from December 1, 2019

Percentage of Board positions

50%

13%

37%

Non-Executive,

Independent Directors

Executive Director

Non-Executive Directors

Criteria for Board membership

The Board has adopted the Nomination and Remuneration

Policy to ensure that the Board composition is balanced with

the requisite skillsets, so that the Company benefits from new

insights, guidance and challenges to business proposals. The

Policy outlines the appointment criteria and qualifications of

the Directors on the Board of CRISIL and the matters related

to remuneration of the Directors. The said Policy is available

on the Company’s website at https://crisil.com/en/home/

investors/corporate-governance.html.

The brief profiles of Directors forming part of this Annual

Report gives an insight into the education, expertise, skills

and experience of CRISIL Directors, thus bringing in diversity

to the Board’s perspectives. In terms of the requirement of the

Listing Regulations, the Board has identified the core skills/

expertise/ competencies of the Directors in the context of the

Company’s business for effective functioning and as available

with the Board. These are as follows:

CRISIL Limited

Annual Report 2019

Report of the Directors

on Corporate Governance

80:

Managing Director is appointed by the shareholders for a period of five years but can be reappointed on

81:

Managing Director & Chief

Executive Officer, has been granted 1,12,125 options under

the Company’s ESOP Scheme 2014.

Responsibilities

The Board takes decisions on long-term strategic planning,

annual budget approvals and policy formulation. The Board

also has a strong operational oversight and reviews business

plans, key risks and opportunities in the business context.

The Board meets at least four times every calendar year and

the maximum time gap between any two meetings is not more

than 120 days. During the year ended December 31, 2019, the

Board met six times - on February 12, April 8, April 17, July 23,

November 8 and December 19. A detailed agenda, setting out

the business to be transacted at the meeting(s), supported by

detailed notes and presentations and action taken reports

from previous meetings, where applicable, is sent to each

Director at least seven days before the date of the Board and

committee meetings. The Directors are also provided the

facility of video conferencing to enable them to participate

effectively in the meeting(s), as and when required.

The Company has an executive committee comprising the: Managing

Managing Director

Ms Ashu Suyash,: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Member

2

2

CRISIL Limited

Annual Report 2019

Report of the Directors

on Corporate Governance

86:

Managing Director & CEO

Member

4

4

3.

Nomination and Remuneration Committee

The broad terms of reference of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee are:

•

Periodically reviewing the size and composition of

the Board to ensure that it is structured to make

appropriate decisions, with a variety of perspectives

and skills

•

Formulating the criteria determining qualifications,

positive attributes and independence of a Director

and recommending candidates to the Board

•

Establishing and reviewing Board and senior

executive succession plans

•

Evaluation of Board Performance

•

Assisting the Board in ensuring Board nomination

process with the diversity of gender, thought,

experience, knowledge and perspective in the Board

•

Reviewing and making recommendations to the

Board on:

-

the remuneration of the: Managing Director,

Whole-time Directors and KMPs

-

the total level of remuneration of Non-Executive

Directors and for individual remuneration for

Non-Executive Directors and the

Managing Director & CEO

Member

3

3

The details of corporate social responsibility activities

of the Company during the year are mentioned in the

annexures to the Directors’ Report.

6.

Meeting of Independent Directors

The Company’s Independent Directors met on February

11, 2019, without the presence of the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO of the Company. The results of the

postal ballot and e-voting were announced on September 09,

2019. Both resolutions were passed with requisite majority.

Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, in view

of the e-voting facilities provided by the Company, none of

the businesses proposed to be transacted in the ensuing

Annual General Meeting require passing a Special Resolution

through Postal Ballot.

Disclosures

During the year, there were no related party transactions

which were materially significant and that could have a

potential conflict with the interests of the Company at

large. Related party transactions have been disclosed in the

annexures to the Directors’ Report as required in terms of the

provisions of the Companies Act.

There was no non-compliance by the Company and no

penalties or strictures were imposed on the Company by the

Stock Exchange or Securities and Exchange Board of India

(SEBI), or any statutory authority on any matter related to the

capital markets during the last three years.1

The Company has complied with all the mandatory

requirements of the Securities and Exchange Board of

India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015.

The Company has also complied with the following

discretionary requirements specified in Part E of Schedule II

in terms of Regulation 27(1):

i.

Modified opinion(s) in Audit Report: Company’s financial

statements have unmodified audit opinions

ii.

Reporting of internal auditors: The internal auditors of

the Company directly report to the Audit Committee

CRISIL Code of Conduct for Directors and Senior

Management

The Board of Directors of CRISIL has adopted the Code of

Conduct for Directors and Senior Management, which is

available on the website of the Company at https://crisil.com/

en/home/investors/corporate-governance.html. Affirmation

regarding compliance with the Code of Conduct by the CEO

of the Company has been published elsewhere in this Annual

Report.

Prohibition of insider trading

CRISIL has formulated a Code of Ethics and Personal

Trading Policy for Directors and Personal Trading Policy

for employees to comply with SEBI (Prohibition of Insider

Trading) Regulations, 2015 (Regulations). This policy is

framed adopting the standards set out in the Regulations

to regulate, monitor, and report trading by its employees to

achieve compliance with the said Regulations.

Vigil mechanism and Whistleblower Policy

The Company has a Whistleblower Policy for establishing a

vigil mechanism for directors and employees to report genuine

General body meetings: The location, time and venue of the last three Annual General Meetings were as under:

1On January 31, 2018, vide a settlement order issued by SEBI, the Company, without admitting or denying the violations, settled proceedings in connection with a

show cause notice pertaining to alleged violation of certain provisions of the CRA regulations, for an amount of Rupees 28.36 lakh.

89:

Managing Director & CEO

Telephone: +91 22 3342 3000

Email Id: investors@crisil.com

b)

Indicate the frequency at which the Board of Directors, Committee of the Board or CEO assesses the BR performance of the

company (within 3 months, 3-6 months, or annually): Annually

c)

Does the company publish a BR or sustainability report? What is the hyperlink for viewing this report? How frequently it is

published? No separate report is published

2.

Principle-wise BR policy compliance

111:

Managing Director and

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Chief Executive Officer

[DIN: 00494515]

Date: February 11, 2020

Place: Mumbai

CRISIL Limited

Annual Report 2019

Consolidated Balance

Sheet & Profit and Loss

126:

Managing Director and

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Chief Executive Officer

[DIN: 00494515]

Date: February 11, 2020

Place: Mumbai

127:

Managing Director and

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Chief Executive Officer

[DIN: 00494515]

Date: February 11, 2020

Place: Mumbai

129:

Managing Director and

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Chief Executive Officer

[DIN: 00494515]

Date: February 11, 2020

Place: Mumbai

131:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the

Group has been identified as the Chief Operating Decision

Maker (CODM) as defined by Ind AS 108 Operating Segments.

The CODM evaluates the Group’s performance and allocates

resources based on an analysis of various performance

indicators by industry classes. Accordingly, segment

information has been presented for industry classes.

The Group is structured into three reportable business

segments – Rating, Research and Advisory The reportable

business segments are in line with the segment wise

information which is being presented to the CODM.

Geographical information on revenue and industry revenue

information is collated based on individual customers

invoices or in relation to which the revenue is otherwise

recognised. The accounting principles used in the preparation

of the consolidated financial statements are consistently

applied to record revenue and expenditure in individual

segments, and are as set out in the significant policies.

Assets and liabilities that are directly attributable

or allocable to segments are disclosed under each

reportable segment. All other assets and liabilities are

disclosed as unallocable. Property, plant and equipment

that are used interchangeably among segments are not

allocated to reportable segments.

Inter segment transfers:

The Group generally accounts for inter segment services

and transfers as if the services or transfers were to third

parties at arm length price.

Allocation of common costs:

Common allocable costs are allocated to each segment

according to the relative contribution of each segment to

the total common costs.

Unallocated items:

Unallocable income and expenses includes general

corporate income and expense items which are not

identified to any business segment.

2.24 Earnings per share

Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the

net profit or loss for the period attributable to equity

shareholders by the weighted average number of equity

shares outstanding during the year. The weighted

average number of equity shares outstanding during the

period is adjusted for events such as buy back, Employee

Stock Option Scheme (ESOS), etc. that have changed

the number of equity shares outstanding, without a

corresponding change in resources.

For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share,

the Group has adopted treasury stock method to compute

the new shares that can possibly be created by un-exercised

stock options. The net profit or loss for the period attributable

to equity shareholders and the weighted average number of

shares outstanding during the period are adjusted for the

effects of all dilutive potential equity shares.

2.25 Dividend

The final dividend on shares is recorded as a liability on

the date of approval by the shareholders. Interim dividend

is recognised as a liability on the date of declaration by

the Company’s Board of Directors.

2.26 Assets held for sale

Non-current assets or disposal groups comprising of

assets and liabilities are classified as ‘held for sale’

when all of the following criterias are met: (i) decision

has been made to sell, (ii) the assets are available for

immediate sale in its present condition, (iii) the assets

are being actively marketed and (iv) sale has been agreed

or is expected to be concluded within 12 months of the

balance sheet date. Subsequently, such non-current

assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale are

measured at the lower of its carrying value and fair value

less costs to sell. Non-current assets held for sale are not

depreciated or amortised.

141:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

Amish Mehta*

Chief Operating Officer (with effect from February 13, 2018

and Chief Financial Officer up to February 12, 2018)

Sanjay Chakravarti*

Chief Financial Officer (with effect from February 13, 2018)

Minal Bhosale*

Company Secretary

* Related Party under the Companies Act, 2013

Transactions with related parties

(Rupees in lakhs)

Name of the related party

Nature of transaction /

outstanding balances

As at and for the

year ended

December 31, 2019

As at and for the

year ended

December 31, 2018

S&P Global Canada Corp.

Professional services rendered

178

165

Amount receivable

40

15

S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited

Professional services rendered

4,639

4,561

Reimbursement of expenses paid

4

4

Amount receivable

623

859

167:

Managing Director and

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Chief Executive Officer

[DIN: 00494515]

Date: February 11, 2020

Place: Mumbai

Consolidated Financial Statements

CRISIL Limited

Annual Report 2019

Consolidated

Financial Statements

178:

Managing Director and

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

[DIN: 02011213]

[DIN: 07956962]

Chief Executive Officer

[DIN: 00494515]

Place: Mumbai

Date: February 11, 2020

179:

Managing Director and

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Chief Executive Officer

[DIN: 00494515]

Date: February 11, 2020

Place: Mumbai

CRISIL Limited

Annual Report 2019

Standalone Balance

Sheet & Profit and Loss

190:

Managing Director and

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Chief Executive Officer

[DIN: 00494515]

Date: February 11, 2020

Place: Mumbai

191:

Managing Director and

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Chief Executive Officer

[DIN: 00494515]

Date: February 11, 2020

Place: Mumbai

193:

Managing Director and

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Chief Executive Officer

[DIN: 00494515]

Date: February 11, 2020

Place: Mumbai

195:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

of the Company has been identified as the Chief

Operating Decision Maker (CODM) as defined by Ind

AS 108 Operating Segments. The CODM evaluates the

Company's performance and allocates resources based

on an analysis of various performance indicators by

industry classes. Accordingly, segment information has

been presented for industry classes.

The Company is structured into two reportable business

segments – Rating and Research. The reportable

business segments are in line with the segment wise

information which is being presented to the CODM.

Geographical information on revenue and industry

revenue information is collated based on individual

customers invoices or in relation to which the revenue

is otherwise recognized. The accounting principles

used in the preparation of the standalone financial

statements are consistently applied to record revenue

and expenditure in individual segments, and are as set

out in the significant policies.

Assets and liabilities that are directly attributable

or allocable to segments are disclosed under each

reportable segment. All other assets and liabilities are

disclosed as unallocable. Property, plant and equipment

that are used interchangeably among segments are not

allocated to reportable segments.

Inter segment transfers:

The Company generally accounts for inter-segment

services and transfers as if the services or transfers were

to third parties at current market prices.

Allocation of common costs:

Common allocable costs are allocated to each segment

according to the relative contribution of each segment

to the total common costs. Recoveries from subsidiaries

towards

allocated

overheads

represent

amount

recovered from subsidiary companies towards sharing

the Company’s common costs.

Unallocated items:

Unallocable income and expenses includes general

corporate income and expense items which are not

identified to any business segment.

2.19 Earnings per share

Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the

net profit or loss for the period attributable to equity

shareholders by the weighted average number of equity

shares outstanding during the year. The weighted

average number of equity shares outstanding during the

period is adjusted for events such as buy back, Employee

Stock Option Scheme (ESOS), etc. that have changed

the number of equity shares outstanding, without a

corresponding change in resources.

For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share,

the Company has adopted treasury stock method to

compute the new shares that can possibly be created

by un-exercised stock options. The net profit or loss for

the period attributable to equity shareholders and the

weighted average number of shares outstanding during

the period are adjusted for the effects of all dilutive

potential equity shares.

2.20 Dividend

The final dividend on shares is recorded as a liability on

the date of approval by the shareholders. Interim dividend

is recognised as a liability on the date of declaration by

the Company's Board of Directors.

2.21 Cash flow statement

Cash flows are reported using the indirect method,

whereby profit before tax is adjusted for the effects of

transactions of non-cash nature and any deferrals or

accruals of past or future cash receipts or payments and

item of income or expenses associated with investing or

financing cash flows. Cash flow from operating, investing

and financing activities are segregated.

2.22 Assets held for sale

Non-current assets or disposal groups comprising of

assets and liabilities are classified as ‘held for sale’

when all of the following criterias are met: (i) decision

has been made to sell, (ii) the assets are available for

immediate sale in its present condition, (iii) the assets

are being actively marketed and (iv) sale has been agreed

or is expected to be concluded within 12 months of the

balance sheet date. Subsequently, such non-current

assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale are

measured at the lower of its carrying value and fair value

less costs to sell. Non-current assets held for sale are not

depreciated or amortized.

2.23 Recent accounting pronouncement

Ind AS 116 – Leases

On March 30, 2019, the Ministry of Corporate Affairs

notified the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards)

203:

Managing Director and Chief Executive

Officer

Amish Mehta*

Chief Operating Officer (with effect from

February 13, 2018) and Chief Financial

Officer (upto February 12, 2018)

Sanjay Chakravarti*

Chief Financial Officer (with effect from

February 13, 2018)

Minal Bhosale*

Company Secretary

CRISIL Limited

Annual Report 2019

Standalone

Financial Statements

226:

Managing Director and

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Chief Executive Officer

[DIN: 00494515]

Date: February 11, 2020

Place: Mumbai

237:

Managing Director

(MD) & Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Company for a

period of five years, with effect from June 1, 2020, on the

terms and conditions specified hereunder:

(a) Nature of Duties: Ms. Ashu Suyash shall carry out

such duties as may be entrusted to her subject to

the supervision and control of the Board from time to

time.

(b) Base Pay: Ms. Ashu Suyash shall be entitled to

receive a minimum salary of Rs. 390 lakh per year,

subject to such annual increments, as may be

decided by the Board of Directors of the Company

on the recommendation of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee or any other Committee

constituted by it from time to time. The base pay

includes salary, allowances, reimbursements and

retirement benefits. She would be allowed to fix

various components of salary within the overall

limit as stated above and also to avail / encash the

benefits in accordance with the schemes and rules

of the Company for its staff as applicable from time

to time.

(c) Variable Pay: Ms. Ashu Suyash shall be entitled, in

each year, to variable pay at a percentage of Base

Pay based on the level of performance which will be

decided by the Board of Directors of the Company

on the recommendation of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee or any other Committee

constituted by it from time to time.

(d) Perquisites: In addition to the remuneration, Ms.

Ashu Suyash would also be eligible to perquisites

in the form Company car with driver, Group Medical

health cover and leave encashment.

CRISIL Limited

Annual Report 2019

Notice

238

This notice has been revised

with the issuance of a revised

notice dated July 21, 2020.:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer of the

Company, for a further period of 5 (five) years with effect

from June 1, 2020, on terms and conditions as specified in

the resolution at Item no. 5 of the Notice. Ms. Suyash will

complete her present term on May 31, 2020.

The proposed re-appointment and terms and conditions

have been approved by the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee

of

the

Company.

Her

appointment

and

remuneration is fixed in accordance with Section 196, 197

and Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013.

CRISIL Limited

Annual Report 2019

Notice

244:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, in terms of the

applicable provisions of the Act.

Brief profile of Ms. Suyash, her experience, qualifications

and other details, have been included in the Notes to this

Notice. The terms and conditions of her re-appointment

are specified in the resolution at Item no. 5 of the Notice.

Ms. Suyash satisfies all the conditions set out in Part-I of

Schedule V to the Act as also conditions set out under sub-

section (3) of Section 196 of the Act for being eligible for this

re-appointment. She is not disqualified from being appointed

as Director in terms of Section 164 of the Act.

The Board considers it in the interest of the Company to

re-appoint Ms. Ashu Suyash as the: Managing

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer and approving the terms and conditions

of the re-appointment

Signed this .............................................................................. day of .................................................................., 2020

Signature of Shareholder : ……………………………………………........................................................................…………

Signature of Proxy holder(s) : …………………………………………........................................................................……......

Note: This form of proxy in order to be effective should be duly completed and deposited at the Registered Office of the Company, not less than 48 hours before the

commencement of the Meeting. The proxy holder may vote through e-poll made available at the venue of the meeting either for or against each resolution, in case

the member has not voted through the remote e-voting facility.

Affix

Re. 1

Revenue

Stamp:

