Dear Shareholders,

In the last annual report (FY2019), I dealt at

length on the topic of “Diﬀerentiating with Digital

Transformation.” This remains our core focus and is

progressing well. At the same time, the whole world

has been caught unaware by the outbreak of the

COVID-19 pandemic. In the absence of a cure and a

vaccine, country after country went into lockdown

mode to contain the spread of the virus and save

lives. As I pen this message, however, nations are

slowly coming out of the lockdown to revive economic

activity, while taking ample measures to safeguard the

wellbeing of people. COVID-19 had an impact on our

business in Q4 of FY2020 and continues to impact our

performance in FY2021. With no deﬁnite timeframes

for the discovery of a vaccine, we continue to live in

extremely uncertain times.

Switching to a Work-From-Home (WFH) Paradigm

The Government of India ordered a nationwide

lockdown on March 24, 2020, for 21 days, limiting

the movement of 1.35 billion people as a preventive

measure against the spread of COVID-19. Our

Business Continuity Plan (BCP) never envisaged 100%

non-availability of the workforce at the workplace. In

the electronic age, associates can work from home

(WFH) and deliver services. However, WFH was riddled

with several operational teething challenges. We

had to obtain permission from customers who were

understandably paranoid about the security of their

data. We needed to provide associates with hardware,

software, and communication technology to enable

them to work seamlessly from home. The associates

required the physical infrastructure of continuous

power supply, uninterrupted and high-speed

bandwidth, and space for installing equipment. They

also needed social support in terms of secured space,

privacy from distractions, etc. Despite the lockdown

conditions, we procured about 5,000 laptops in a single

week to ensure appropriate hardware was available

to our associates. Though we had initial challenges

with eﬃciency in the last week of March, eﬃciency

improved considerably in April and May, and we are

now conﬁdent of delivering close to 100% eﬃciency

with most of our associates working from home. I am

happy to say that we are now prepared and looking

forward to the “new normal.” The leadership team rose

admirably to this unprecedented situation and put in

tremendous eﬀorts to keep operations on track.

Business Outlook

Almost every country we do business in, went into a

lockdown of varying duration and strictness, resulting

in demand contraction in the near term, especially

in the aerospace and transportation sectors. At the

same time, we see a signiﬁcant recovery in demand

in several other sectors, such as communications,

utilities, and semiconductor. Further, our decision to

invest signiﬁcantly in emerging digital technologies

is enabling us to address the opportunities that are

emerging due to the same. The new normal will see

decreased physical interactions and increased use

of technology to perform a number of tasks. Your

company is well-positioned to deliver signiﬁcant

value to our customers in the adoption of these

digital technologies. There are numerous examples

across various industries on how we leveraged digital

capabilities to solve complex technology problems.

In my message last year, I had alluded to the AGILE

(Ambition, Growth Mindset, Inclusive, Lead by Example,

and Empowerment) culture that would help the company

expand from services to systems and solutions. I wish

to reiterate the ﬁrm commitment of your company to

remain AGILE and optimize every opportunity that the

current circumstances may bring forth.:

Managing Director & CEO:

Dear Shareholders,

We are in the midst of the biggest uncertainty we

have experienced in our lifetime. As the COVID-19

pandemic unfolds, the impact of the crisis continues

to become clearer. The pandemic has created an

unprecedented level of socio-economic impact, and

governments across the world are busy managing the

fallout of the crisis. At the same time, business leaders

across industries are responding urgently to safeguard

employee safety and wellbeing and build business

resilience. While this crisis will pass and we will be back

to strong economic growth in the future, the current

situation is dynamic, and we are taking pragmatic steps

to safeguard our business and successfully operate in

the ultra-dynamic business environment.

I am proud to report that as the situation unfolded,

we responded with agility to ensure the safety of our

associates and business continuity. Our paramount

focus was and will continue to be the safety of our

associates. We rapidly enabled work-from-home

options for our associates as a number of countries

entered a lockdown and restricted the movement

of people. We moved from 60% work-from-home

readiness to 95% work-from-home readiness in less

than three weeks’ time, thereby ensuring minimal

business impact. Our customers are extremely

appreciative of the business continuity we provided in

these challenging times. This was a result of our teams

working around the clock and the strong and robust

operations structure we have built through the years.

We continue to respond to the situation as it evolves

and are consciously working both internally and

externally to safeguard our business and meet the

changing needs of our customers. Our ability to

respond, our desire to partner, and our focus on safety

has enabled us to greatly enhance our relationships

with our stakeholders—customers, associates, and

suppliers. This will go a long way in establishing our

prominence as a supplier, employer, and customer, as

we focus on the future.

FY 21 Outlook

As we navigate through the uncertainty that this

pandemic has presented, we are focused on business

recovery with emphasis on stabilizing the business in

the short term and accelerating growth in the recovery

phase. We have taken a number of steps to optimize

our costs and are focused on cash conservation. Along

with this, we are also closely monitoring the impact

the pandemic has in the industries we operate in and

repositioning ourselves to meet the changing needs of

our customers.

While the pandemic has presented challenges, it has

also created a number of opportunities.

Over the course of the last few years, we laid out a

carefully thought-through strategy. The “S3 Strategy”

articulates our aspiration to expand from providing

services to solutions. We have worked through the

years to progress on the S3 transformation ﬁrst with

a focus on strengthening our capabilities across the

Design-Build-Maintain lifecycle and second, through

a focus on strengthening our technology oﬀerings

with an emphasis on digital solutions. We are seeing a

signiﬁcant acceleration of digital solutions due to the

increased focus on remote working, automation, and

digitization. We will continue to work on our long-term

strategy and build a strong set of technology-led

oﬀerings, which include digital product development,

digital customer experience, and data-based

decisions, to name a few. We are also focused on

creating large deals with a proactive understanding of:

Managing Director & CEO

our customers’ strategic requirements and needs of

the changing times through better customer connect

and relationships. We are also focused on new business

models through more strategic and bold investments,

including risk share partnerships, co-development,

capacity realignment, and geographic footprint

redistribution. I am conﬁdent that we will be able to

execute an accelerated recovery and growth in the

coming quarters, which we call the “J-Curve.”

Another interesting shift that we see taking shape

is the need for a distributed working model. We are

building a distributed work environment that focuses

on the agility to meet customer requirements and

associate needs. We will completely revamp the way we

source, hire, train, engage, and retain talent, as we will

never go back to a 100% work-from-oﬃce scenario. I

strongly believe this presents an opportunity for us to

redeﬁne our associate value proposition and emerge

as an employer of choice.

FY 20 Performance

FY20 has been a challenging year wherein we faced

signiﬁcant issues in some of our key customer

engagements, which impacted performance. Revenue

stood at $625.5 Mn, which is 5.3% lower compared to

FY19 (YoY). Services revenue at $550.7 Mn and was

lower by 5.1% YoY while DLM stood at $74.6 Mn, which

was lower by 6.6%. The decline in the services business

was predominantly in the aerospace and defense,

communications, and portfolio BUs. EBIT at $57 Mn

and was lower by 23.4% YoY due to lower volume and

increase in investments, and higher SG&A. However,

our Free Cash Flow (FCF) from operations was $54.4

Mn, which was higher by 8.8% YoY. We continue to

focus on our top 20 customers, and their contribution

continues to be signiﬁcant at 65% of revenue.

We recognize the importance of stakeholder

engagement in building a sustainable organization

and hence focus on continuously improving the

same. Customer satisfaction (CSAT) score dropped

marginally from 62.8 to 59.7 and remains at the

industry average. Associate satisfaction (ASAT) score

improved over the last year from 63% to 65%, and I

am proud to say that we are now considered to be in

the top quartile of employee engagement. Investor

Satisfaction (ISAT) score was lower than last time

due to the challenges we have faced in performance.

However, we continue to be rated highly on leadership

commitment and communication. We will work

on the areas of improvement identiﬁed through

the stakeholder satisfaction surveys, and we are

committed to bringing about marked improvement

over the years.

Our investment strategy helps to complement

Cyient’s growth by bringing new domain expertise and

strengthening our presence in emerging technology

areas. Further, we strengthened our capabilities

through many partnerships through the year. We made

a strategic investment in Rail cybersecurity company

Cylus, a global leader in cybersecurity solutions. This

investment will allow us to strengthen our oﬀering

for the rail industry. We signed a statement of intent

with Emergent Alliance, to use their combined data

knowledge to provide new insights and practical

applications to the global COVID-19 response. As

part of this alliance, Cyient is working with some of

the world’s largest organizations, data specialists,

and governments to support future decision-making

on regional and global economic challenges. These

are two of many examples of Cyient investing and

strengthening our capabilities in emerging areas. We

will continue to leverage our partnerships and alliances

to strengthen our oﬀering portfolio.

I would like to thank you, our shareholders, for showing

conﬁdence and commitment in us. We will continue

to strengthen our position to accelerate growth

and execute the J-curve. I am conﬁdent that we will

emerge from this crisis stronger than we have ever

been, and become strategic to our customers, engage

with our associates, partner with our suppliers, and

create value for our investors.:

Managing Director & CEO

MM MURUGAPPAN

Non-Executive Director:

Managing Director & CEO

B ASHOK REDDY

President - Corporate Aﬀairs

and Infrastructure

AJAY AGGARWAL

President and

Chief Financial Oﬃcer

FELICE GRAY-KEMP

Sr. VP and

Global General Counsel

KARTHIKEYAN NATARAJAN

President & Chief Operating Oﬃcer

PRABHAKAR ATLA

Sr. VP - Communications

and Rail Transportation

KATIE COOK

Sr. VP - Energy

and Utilities

TOM EDWARDS

Sr. VP - UTC Account

and President - North America:

Managing Director and CEO, emphasized the

importance of continuous learning for professional

development. Senior leaders shared their insights to

help participants maximize their potential in an ever-

changing industry. The workshops focused on the

Systematic Inventive Thinking (SIT) methodology,

strategy audit, sources of competitive advantage,

trends in digital disruption, connected strategy,

and the connected customer experience model.

This helped participants identify speciﬁc business

priorities to apply their learnings and view them from

a fresh perspective.

Keith Pritchard, Head of HR, EMEA, had the opportunity to

speak on “Building Our Agile Culture” at the Excellence in

Leadership Summit held on November 18 and 19, 2019, by the

Business Transformation Network. Keith’s address focused

on how we, at Cyient, developed the AGILE framework to

equip ourselves during the Fourth Industrial Revolution. He

spoke at length on our partnership with NASSCOM Future

Skills Program, and how we are using the latest technologies

including 5G, Internet of Things (IoT), Smart Cities, Robotic

Process Automation (RPA), and Augmented and Virtual Reality

(AR/VR) to prepare ourselves for the future. He also mentioned

that if Cyient is to grow as a connected organization, we must

stay true to our values and culture, which will enable us to meet

our vision of applying technology imaginatively for solving

problems that matter. To enable this, Keith concluded that we

needed to continually challenge ourselves to ensure the right

leadership and talent ﬂows into Cyient—people with an “AGILE”

mindset, and the capabilities to take us toward our vision and

through the Industry 4.0 challenge.

The Global Leader

Program

The Business

Transformation Network’s

Excellence in Leadership

Summit:

Managing Director & CEO, Dr. Sudheendhra Putty,

Company Secretary and Mr. N. Ravi Kumar, Dy. Company

Secretary, be and are hereby severally authorised to

take such steps and do all such acts, deeds and things

as is considered necessary, expedient, usual, proper or

incidental in relation to the said matter and take such

actions and give such directions as they may consider as

necessary or desirable to give effect to this Resolution.”

By Order of the Board

Place: Hyderabad

Dr. Sudheendhra Putty

Date:6 July 2020

Company Secretary

M.No. F5689

Registered Office

4th Floor, A Wing, Plot No.11,

Software Units Layout, Infocity,

Madhapur, Hyderabad 500 081

Telangana

CIN: L72200TG1991PLC013134

Email: company.secretary@cyient.com

Website: www.cyient.com:

letter mentioning the name and

address of the Member, self-attested copy of the PAN

card, and self-attested copy of any document (eg.:

Driving License, Election Identity Card, Passport) in

support of the address of the Member. Members holding

shares in dematerialised mode are requested to register

or update their email addresses with the relevant

Depository Participants.

15. The Notice of AGM along with Annual Report for the

financial year 2019-20, is available on the website of the

company at www.cyient.com on the website of Stock

Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange

of India Limited and on the website of KFin Technologies

Pvt Ltd at www.kfintech.com

16. PROCEDURE FOR REMOTE E-VOTING AND E VOTING

DURING THE AGM

Pursuant to the provisions of section 108 of the Act, the

Companies (Management and Administration) Rules,

2014 as amended by the Companies (Management and

Administration) Amendment Rules, 2015 and Regulation

44 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 shareholders are

provided with the facility to cast their vote electronically,

through the e-voting services provided by KFintech

Private Limited in respect of all resolutions set forth in

this Notice. The facility of casting votes by shareholders

using an electronic voting system from a place other than

the venue of the AGM is termed as ‘Remote Electronic

Voting’ (e-voting).

Mr. S.Chidambaram, Practising Company Secretary

has been appointed as the Scrutineer to scrutinize the

voting process in a fair and transparent manner

17. The remote e-voting period commences on 28 July 2020

(09:00 am IST) and ends on 30 July 2020 (05:00 pm IST).

During this period, shareholders of the company, holding

shares either in physical form or in dematerialized form,

as on the cut-off date of 24 July 2020, may cast their

votes electronically. The remote e-voting module will

be disabled by Kfin Technologies Private Limited for

voting thereafter. Once the vote on a resolution is cast

by the shareholder, the shareholder will not be allowed to

change it subsequently or cast the vote again.

18. In addition, the facility for e-voting through electronic

voting system will be available during the AGM. Members

attending the AGM who have not cast their vote by

remote e-voting shall be eligible to cast their vote

through e-voting during the AGM. Members who have

voted through remote e-voting shall be eligible to attend

the AGM, however, they shall not be eligible to vote at

the meeting. Members holding shares in physical form

are requested to access the remote e-voting facility

provided by the Company through Kfin Technologies

Private Limited

19. Instructions for e-voting and joining the e-AGM are as

follows:

A.

Voting through electronic means:

i.

In terms of the provisions of section 108 of the Act,

read with rule 20 of the Companies (Management

and Administration) Rules, 2014 as amended

(hereinafter called ‘the Rules’ for the purpose of

this section of the Notice) and regulation 44 of

the Listing Regulations, the Company is providing

facility of remote e-voting facility to exercise

votes on the items of business given in the Notice

through electronic voting system, to members

holding shares as on 24 July 2020 (end of day), being

the cut-off date fixed for determining voting rights

of members, entitled to participate in the remote

e-voting process, through the e-voting platform

provided by KFin or to vote at the e-AGM. Person

who is not a member as on the cut-off date should

treat this Notice for information purposes only.

ii.

The details of the process and manner for remote

e-voting are given below:

a.

Initial password is provided in the body of the

email.

b.

Launch internet browser and type the URL:

https://evoting.karvy.com in the address bar.

c.

Enter the login credentials i.e. User ID and

password mentioned in your email. Your

Folio No./DP ID Client ID will be your User ID.

However, if you are already registered with

KFin for e-voting, you can use your existing

User ID and password for casting your votes.

iii.

After entering the details appropriately, click on

LOGIN.

iv.

You will reach the password change menu wherein

you are required to mandatorily change your

password. The new password shall comprise of

minimum 8 characters with at least one upper case

(A-Z), one lower case (a-z), one numeric value (0-9)

and a special character (@,#,$,etc.). It is strongly

recommended not to share your password with any

other person and take utmost care to keep your

password confidential.

v.

You need to login again with the new credentials.:

letter

etc. together with attested specimen signature

of the duly authorised signatory(ies) who is/are

authorised to vote, to the Scrutinizer through

e-mail at schid285@gmail.com and may also upload

the same in the e-voting module in their login. The

scanned image of the above documents should be

in the naming format ‘CYIENT EVENT No.’

xi.

Members can cast their vote online from 28 July

2020 (9.00 a.m.) till 30 July 2020 (5.00 p.m.). Voting

beyond the said date shall not be allowed and the

remote e-voting facility shall be blocked.

xii.

In case of any queries/grievances, you may refer

the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for

members and e-voting user manual available at the

‘download’ section of https://evoting.karvy.com or

call KFin on 1800 345 4001 (toll free).

B.

Voting at e-AGM:

i.

Only those members/shareholders, who will be

present in the e-AGM through video conferencing

facility and have not cast their vote through remote

e-voting & are otherwise not barred from doing so

are eligible to vote through e-voting in the e-AGM.

ii.

However, members who have voted through

remote e-voting will be eligible to attend the

e-AGM.

iii.

Members attending the e-AGM shall be counted

for the purpose of reckoning the quorum under

section 103 of the Act.

iv.

Upon declaration by the Chairman about the

commencement of e-voting at e-AGM, members

shall click on the thumb sign on the left hand bottom

corner of the video screen for voting at the e-AGM,

which will take them to the ‘Instapoll’ page.

v.

Members to click on the ‘Instapoll’ icon to reach the

resolution page and follow the instructions to vote

on the resolutions.

C.

Instructions for members for Attending the

e-AGM:

i.

Members will be able to attend the e-AGM through

VC/OAVM or view the live webcast of AGM provided

by KFin at https://emeetings.kfintech.com by

clicking on the tab “video conference” and using

their remote e-voting login credentials. The link

for e-AGM will be available in members login where

the EVENT and the name of the Company can be

selected. Members who do not have User ID and

Password for e-voting or have forgotten the User

ID and Password may retrieve the same by following

the remote e-voting instructions mentioned under

heading A above.

ii.

Members are encouraged to join the meeting

through Laptops with Google Chrome for better

experience.

iii.

Further, members will be required to allow camera,

if any, and hence use internet with a good speed to

avoid any disturbance during the meeting.

iv.

While all efforts would be made to make the VC/

OAVM meeting smooth, participants connecting

through mobile devices, tablets, laptops etc.

may at times experience audio/video loss due to

fluctuation in their respective networks. Use of a

stable Wi-Fi or LAN connection can mitigate some

of the technical glitches.

v.

Members, who would like to express their views

or ask questions during the e-AGM will have to

register themselves as a speaker by visiting the

URL https://emeetings.kfintech.com/and clicking

on the tab “Speaker Registration” during the

period starting from 26 July 2020 (9.00 a.m.) upto

28 July 2020 (5.00 p.m.). Only those members who

have registered themselves as a speaker will be

allowed to express their views/ask questions during

the e-AGM. The Company reserves the right to

restrict the number of speakers depending on the

availability of time for the e-AGM. Please note that

only questions of the members holding the shares

as on cut-off date will be considered.:

Managing Director &

CEO of the Company, who shall declare the result

of the voting. The results declared along with

the scrutinizer’s report shall be placed on the

Company’s website www.cyient.com and on the

website of KFin https://.evoting.karvy.com and shall

also be communicated to the stock exchanges. The

resolutions shall be deemed to be passed at the

AGM of the Company.

20. The voting results declared along with the Scrutineer’s

Report will be placed on the company’s website www.

cyient.com and on the website of Kfin Technologies

Private Limited immediately after the declaration of the

result by the Chairman or a person authorized by the

Chairman. The results will also be immediately forwarded

to the BSE Ltd. and National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.

By Order of the Board

Place: Hyderabad

Dr. Sudheendhra Putty

Date: 6 July 2020

Company Secretary

M.No. F5689

Registered Office

4th Floor, A Wing, Plot No.11,

Software Units Layout, Infocity,

Madhapur, Hyderabad 500 081

Telangana

CIN: L72200TG1991PLC013134

Email: company.secretary@cyient.com

Website: www.cyient.com:

Managing Director & CEO, felt that the

company will get immensely benefitted by Mr. Mohan Reddy

continuing as Executive Chairman. It is felt that Mr. Reddy’s

counsel, experience and expertise would be extremely

valuable in these volatile times. SEBI also recently extended

the deadline on Chairman and: Managing Director not being

related to each other to 1 April 2022. Mr. Mohan Reddy, as such

is now eligible to be re-appointed as Executive

Managing Director & CEO

As: Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Krishna is responsible for the strategic direction of the company and ensuring

long-term value for stakeholders. He promotes Cyient’s Values FIRST culture and focuses on enabling sustainable growth.

Krishna joined Cyient as a Sales Manager for engineering services in Europe. He later moved to India, where he held dual roles

as Marketing Manager and Key Account Manager for the company’s aerospace vertical. As Marketing Manager, he worked with

several key aerospace customers and was integral to several successful customer engagements. As Key Account Manager,

Krishna was responsible for relationship building and account management for several primary customers in engineering services.

Advancing into the role of Chief Operating Officer, Krishna contributed significantly to Cyient’s consistent growth in terms

of revenue, margin, and customer and associate satisfaction. Before Cyient, Krishna was with Altera Corporation, a leading

semiconductor manufacturer in San Jose, California. He was responsible for the company’s flagship product line, APEX.

Krishna is also the

Managing Director

& CEO of the Company respectively w.e.f 25 April 2019

on the terms and conditions as recommended by the

Leadership, Nomination and Remuneration Committee

and by the Board of Directors of the Company. The

appointments were approved by the shareholders in the

28th Annual General Meeting. Upon expiry of the term of

Mr. B.V.R. Mohan Reddy was re-appointed as Executive

Chairman with effect from 1 April 2020 without any

remuneration. more details of the same are published in

the Notice of the 29th AGM.

Pursuant to the provisions of regulation 36 of the SEBI

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 and Secretarial Standard 2 on General

Meetings issued by ICSI, brief particulars of the directors

proposed to be appointed / re-appointed are provided as

an annexure to the notice convening the AGM.

Mr. K. Ramachandran, Mr. John Paterson and Ms. Andrea

Bierce completed their respective terms as independent

directors and vacated office at the conclusion of the

28th AGM. The board thanks the directors for their

contribution during their tenure.

Key Managerial Personnel

Mr. B.V.R. Mohan Reddy, Executive Chairman; Mr. Krishna

Bodanapu,: Managing Director & CEO; Mr. Ajay Aggarwal,

CFO and Dr. Sudheendhra Putty, Company Secretary

are Key Managerial Personnel of the Company in

accordance with the provisions of Section(s) 2(51), and

203 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies

(Appointment

and

Remuneration

of

Managerial

Personnel) Rules, 2014. There has been no change in the

Key Managerial Personnel during the financial year.

16. POLICY

ON

DIRECTORS’

APPOINTMENT

AND

REMUNERATION AND OTHER DETAILS

The Company’s policy on directors’ appointment and

remuneration and other matters provided in section

178(3) of the Act have been disclosed in the corporate

governance report, which forms part of the directors’

report.

17. NUMBER OF BOARD MEETINGS DURING THE YEAR

During the year, six meetings of the board were held,

the details of which form part of the report on corporate

governance.

18. BOARD EVALUATION AND ASSESSMENT

The company believes that formal evaluation of the

board and of the individual directors, on an annual basis,

is a potentially effective way to respond to the demand

for greater board accountability and effectiveness. For

the company, evaluations provide an ongoing means

for directors to assess their individual and collective

performance and effectiveness. In addition to greater

board accountability, evaluation of board members helps

in:

•

More effective board processes

•

Better collaboration and communication

•

Greater clarity with regard to members’ roles and

responsibilities and

•

Improved

Managing Director & CEO

•

Feedback on management support to the Board

The

evaluation

process

elicits

responses

from

the directors in a judicious manner - ranging from

composition and induction of the board to effectiveness

and governance. It also sought feedback on board and

committee charters, strategy, risk management and

quality of discussion and deliberations at the board.

The evaluation process also ensures the fulfilment of

independence criteria as specified in the applicable

regulations and that the latter are independent of the

management. The independent directors concerned do

not participate in the evaluation process.

19. AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Company has in place an Audit Committee in terms

of the requirements of the Companies Act, 2013 read

with the rules made thereunder and Regulation 18 of the

SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015. The details relating to the same are

given in the Report on Corporate Governance forming

part of this Board Report.

20. ADEQUACY OF INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS

Internal Financial Controls are part of risk management

process addressing financial and financial reporting

risks. They ensure the orderly and efficient conduct of

business, including adherence to Company policies,

safeguarding of its assets, prevention and detection

of fraud, error reporting mechanisms, accuracy and

completeness of the accounting records. They aid in the

timely preparation of financial statements. The Internal

Financial Controls have been documented, digitised and

embedded in the business process.

21. AUDITORS

A)

Statutory Auditors

At the 28th AGM held on 6 June 2019, the members

approved the appointment of S.R. Batliboi &

Associates LLP, Chartered Accountants (Firm

Registration No. 101049W/E-300004) as Statutory

Auditors of the company to hold office for a period

of five years from the conclusion of that AGM till the

conclusion of the 33rd AGM, subject to ratification

of their appointment by Members at every AGM, if

so required under the Act. The requirement to place

the matter relating to appointment of auditors for

ratification by Members at every AGM has been

done away by the Companies (Amendment) Act,

2017 with effect from May 7, 2018. Accordingly,

no resolution is being proposed for ratification of

appointment of statutory auditors at the ensuing

AGM and a note in respect of same has been

included in the Notice for this AGM.

B)

Secretarial Auditors

The Board has appointed Mr. S. Chidambaram as

Secretarial Auditors for the financial year ended 31

March 2020. The Secretarial Audit Report for the

financial year ended 31 March 2020 is annexed as

Annexure C to this report.

22. AUDITORS’ REPORT AND SECRETARIAL AUDITORS’

REPORT

The statutory auditors’ report and secretarial auditors’

report do not contain any qualifications, reservations or

adverse remarks.

During the year, the statutory auditors and secretarial

auditor have not reported any instances of frauds

committed in the Company by its Officers or Employees

to the Audit Committee under section 143(12) of the

Companies Act.

23. VIGIL MECHANISM

The Company has put in place a Whistle Blower Policy

and has established the necessary vigil mechanism as

defined under Regulation 22 of SEBI (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements), 2015 for employees and

others to report concerns about unethical behaviour.

It also provides for adequate safeguards against the

victimisation of employees who avail of mechanism. No

person has been denied access to the Chairman of the

audit committee. The Whistle blower Policy is available

on the website of the company i.e. (http://www.cyient.

com/investors/corporate-governance). The company

implemented a web based/online mechanism under the

whistle blower policy. This mechanism encompasses the

entire trail from the login of a complaint to its eventual

redressal. The system also affords a dial-in facility to

associates in various languages across the countries

where the company has its operations.

24. EMPLOYEE STOCK OPTION PLANS

During the year, the company had granted options under

two ESOP schemes to the associates of the company

and its subsidiaries, in accordance with the Securities

and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee

Benefits) Regulations, 2014. Disclosure pursuant to the

said regulations is enclosed as Annexure ‘D’.

25. CONSERVATION

OF

ENERGY,

RESEARCH

AND

DEVELOPMENT,

TECHNOLOGY

ABSORPTION,

FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO

The particulars relating to conservation of energy,

research and development, technology absorption,

foreign exchange earnings and outgo, as required to be

disclosed under the Act, are provided in Annexure ‘E’ to

the report.

26. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS

Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 34 read

with Schedule V of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, a report

on Management Discussion & Analysis is enclosed as

Annexure ‘F’.:

letter.

1

The maintenance of Secretarial records is the responsibility of the Management of the Company. Further, the Company is

also responsible for devising proper systems and process to ensure the compliance of the various statutory requirements

and Governance systems.

2

It is the responsibility of the Management of the Company to ensure that the systems and process devised for operating

effectively and efficiently.

3

My responsibility is to express an opinion on these secretarial records based on my audit.

4

I have followed the audit practices and process as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness

of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected

in Secretarial records. I believe that the process and practices followed provide a reasonable basis for my opinion.

5

Wherever required, I have obtained the Management representations about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations

and happening of events etc.

6

The Compliance of the provisions of other applicable laws, rules and regulations is the responsibility of the management.

My examination was limited to the verification of procedure on test basis.

7

The secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

S. Chidambaram

Practising Company Secretary

FCS No. 3935

C P No: 2286

UDIN: F003935B000201847

Place : Hyderabad

Date : 05.05.2020:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

1,850,760

1.67

Add: Purchase from open market

62,500

At the end of the year

19,13,260

1.74

3

M.M. Murugappan

—Independent Director

30,000

0.03

Increase/Decrease during the year

-

-

At the end of the year

30,000

0.03

4

Som Mittal

-

-

Increase/Decrease during the year

5,000

0.00

At the end of the year

5,000

0.00

5

Vikas Sehgal

-

-

Increase during the year

231,040

0.21

At the end of the year

-

-

231,040

0.21

6

Vivek Narayan Gour

-

-

Increase during the year

5,000

0.00

At the end of the year

5,000

0.00

7

Ajay Aggarwal

— Chief Financial Officer

29,484

0.02

Add: Purchase from open market

15,992

0.00

Add: ESOPS

At the end of the year

45,476

0.04

8

Sudheendhra Putty

— Company Secretary

168

-

Increase/Decrease during the year

-

-

At the end of the year

168

-

Note: None of the other directors holds any shares in the Company.

V.

INDEBTEDNESS

Company has not availed any loans during the year and is debt-free.:

Managing Director, Whole-time Directors and/or Manager:

(Amount in `)

Sl.

No.

Particulars of Remuneration

NameofMD/WTD/ Manager

Total

B.V.R.Mohan Reddy

Krishna Bodanapu

1

Gross salary

18,062,205

14,400,000

32,462,205

(a)

Salary as per provisions contained in section

17(1) of the Income-tax Act,1961

-

-

-

(b)

Value of perquisites u/s 17(2) Income-tax

Act,1961

4,860,000

3,888,000

8,748,000

(c)

Profits in lieu of salary under section 17(3)

Incometax Act, 1961

-

-

-

2

Stock Options

-

-

-

3

Sweat Equity

-

-

-

4

Commission

37,055,051

64,846,340

101,901,391

(a)

as % of Profit

-

-

-

(b)

Others, Specify

-

-

-

5

Others, please specify

-

-

-

Total (A)

59,977,256

83,134,340

143,111,596

Ceiling as per the Act

190,370,327

190,370,327

380,740,654

B.

Remuneration to other directors:

(Amount in `)

Sl.

No.

Particulars of

Remuneration

Name of the director

Total

Amount(`)

Matangi

Gowrish-

ankar

Som

Mittal

Vivek

Narayan

Gour

Vinai

Thumal-

lapally

Vikas

Sehgal

M .M.

Murugap-

pan

1.

Independent

Directors

·Fee for attending

board committee

meetings

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

·Commission

1,500,000

1,500,000

1,500,000

3,517,915

3,517,915

11,535,830

·Others, please

specify

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Total(1)

1,500,000

1,500,000

1,500,000

3,517,915

3,517,915

11,535,830

2.

Other Non-

Executive

Directors

·Fee for attending

board committee

meetings

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

·Commission

-

-

-

-

-

1,500,000

1,500,000

·Others, please

specify

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Total (2)

-

-

-

-

-

1,500,000

1,500,000

Total(B)=(1+2)

1,500,000

1,500,000

1,500,000

3,517,915

3,517,915

1,500,000

13,035,830

Total Managerial

Remuneration

1,500,000

1,500,000

1,500,000

3,517,915

3,517,915

1,500,000

13,035,830

Overall

Ceiling as per the

Act

38,074,065 38,074,065 38,074,065

38,074,065 38,074,065 38,074,065 228,444,390:

Managing Director & CEO

Chief Financial Officer: Managing

letter and spirit

Enhancing value to all stakeholders

by appropriate compliance of law

and maintaining the socio-economic

balance

Adherence to

ethical standards

Ensuring fairness, integrity, respect,

sincerity and transparency in all its

dealings with stakeholders

Best Governance Practices

The company constantly raises the benchmark in its relentless

pursuit of corporate and business excellence. As such, it

adopts, adapts and implements - voluntarily - some of the

most robust and laudable good governance practices across

the board. These include:

•

Voluntary rating of governance practices by a third party

(ICRA)

•

Paperless and interactive communication amongst the

directors through a customised web - based portal - a:

Managing Director & CEO, CFO and other members of the

senior management. They interact with the heads of all

business units and other functional heads. They are provided

a walk through among some of the centers of excellence

and given a detailed understanding of the business and its

operations.

Directors are regularly updated on changes in policies and

programmes, laws and the general business environment.

Details of the familiarization programme for Non-Executive

Directors and their: letter of appointment are published on the

website of the company in the link: http://www.cyient.com/

investors/corporate-governance/.

Board Evaluation and Assessment

The Board of

Managing Director - Board relations

By focusing on the board as a team and on its overall

performance, the company ensures that communication and

overall level of participation and engagement improves.

In order to facilitate the same, the board undertook a formal

board assessment and evaluation process during 2019-20,

which was administered by means of an online tool. The board

evaluation was performed after seeking inputs from all the

directors and included criteria such as the board composition

and structure, effectiveness of board processes, information

and functioning as provided by the Guidance Note on Board

Evaluation issued by the Securities and Exchange Board of

India on 5 January 2017 and the amendments brought in by the

SEBI (LODR) Regulations in 2018. The Leadership, Nomination

& Remuneration Committee has overall stewardship for the

process. The evaluation process covers the following aspects:

•

Peer and self-evaluation of performance of the Directors

•

Evaluation of the performance and effectiveness of the

board

•

Evaluation of the performance and effectiveness of Board

Committees

•

Evaluation of the performance of the Executive Chairman

and: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

The CEO is vested with operational responsibility for delivering

the company’s strategy. The CEO’s relationship with the

chairman is the key dynamic that underpins the effectiveness

of the board.

The CEO, with the support of the executive team, has primary

responsibility for communicating to the people working within

the business the expectations of the board in relation to the

company’s culture, values and behaviors’, and for ensuring

that the appropriate standards of governance permeate

down to all levels of the organisation.

He has comprehensive and granular understanding of the

company. This is evidenced when making proposals and

exercising judgement, particularly on matters of strategy.

The CEO appreciates that constructive challenge from

non-executive directors is an essential aspect of good

governance and encourage the non-executive colleagues to

probe proposals, especially when issues of judgement are

concerned.

Role of Non-Executive Directors

Non-executive directors constructively challenge and help

develop proposals on strategy.

Non-executive directors make sufficient time available to

discharge their responsibilities effectively. This involves

being well informed about the company, and having a strong

command of issues relevant to the business. Non-executive

directors seek constantly to develop and refresh their

knowledge and skills to ensure that their contribution to the

board remains informed and relevant.

The: letter of appointment issued to the non-executive

directors states the time the non- executive director will be

required to spend on the company’s business, and indicates

the possibility of additional time commitment when the

company is undergoing a period of particularly increased

activity, such as in the case of an acquisition or takeover.

As part of the process of learning more about the business and

of becoming effective boardroom contributors in the company,

non-executive directors - supported by the chairman and

CEO - build recognition among executive directors of their

contribution in order to promote mutual respect. This, in

turn, allows them to support executive directors in their

management of the business while monitoring their conduct.

Non-executive

directors

maintain

confidence

in

the

governance of the company by upholding high standards

of integrity and probity, and supporting the chairman and

executive directors in the embedding of the appropriate

culture, values and behaviors’ in the boardroom and beyond.

Because of the importance of the process of decision

making to the work of the board, non- executive directors

insist on accurate, clear and comprehensive information

being provided sufficiently in advance to enable thorough

consideration of the issues prior to, and informed debate and

challenge at, board meetings.

At Cyient, non-executive directors supplement their

knowledge of the business with the views of shareholders and

other stakeholders - either directly or as conveyed to them

by the chairman and CEO. Such opinions and judgments are

valuable in providing different perspectives of the company’s

progress and performance.

Role of Independent directors

The independent directors bring an element of objectivity

to the board processes; they bring in an objective view in

the board deliberations. They provide a valuable outside

perspective to the deliberations of the board and contribute

significantly to the decision making process. Independent

directors play a pivotal role in maintaining a transparent

working environment in the company.

Declaration by Independent Directors

All the Independent Directors have confirmed that they meet

the criteria of independence as mentioned under Regulation

16(1)(b) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements), 2015 read with Section 149(6) of the Act.

During the financial year 2018-19, information as mentioned

in Schedule II Part A of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements), 2015, has been placed before the

Board for its consideration.

The terms and conditions of appointment of the Independent

Directors are disclosed on the website of the Company at

http://www.cyient.com/investors/corporate-governance/.

During the year, no Independent Director has resigned before

expiry of his tenure.

Declaration by Board

The Board has confirmed that in its opinion, the independent

directors fulfill the conditions specified in these regulations

and are independent of the management.

Separate meetings of the Independent Directors

During the year under review, the Independent Directors met

on 24 April 2019, to discuss, inter alia:

•

Review the performance of Non-Independent Directors

and the Board of Directors as a whole;

•

Review the performance of the

Managing Director and their remuneration.

Criteria of Selection of Non-Executive Directors

a.

The Non-Executive Directors shall be of high integrity with relevant expertise and experience so as to have a diverse

Board with Directors having expertise in the fields of manufacturing, marketing, finance, taxation, law, governance and

general management.

b.

In case of appointment of independent directors, the committee shall satisfy itself with regard to the criteria of

independence of the directors’ vis-à-vis the company to enable the board to discharge its function and duties effectively.

c.

The committee shall ensure that the candidate identified for appointment as a director is not disqualified for appointment

under Section 164 of the Companies Act, 2013.

d.

The committee considers the following attributes/ criteria, whilst recommending to the board the candidature for

appointment as director:

•

Qualification, expertise and experience of the directors in their respective fields;

•

Personal, professional or business standing;

•

Diversity of the board.

•

In case of re-appointment of Non-Executive Directors, the Board shall take into consideration the performance

evaluation of the Director and his engagement level.:

Managing Director & CEO and CFO

For the purpose of selection of the: Managing Director & CEO and CFO, the Committee identifies persons of integrity who

possess relevant expertise, experience and leadership qualities required for the position and takes into consideration

recommendation, if any, received from any member of the Board.

The Committee also ensures that the incumbent fulfils such other criteria with regard to age and other qualifications as laid

down under the Companies Act, 2013, or other applicable laws.

Remuneration for the Managing Director & CEO

i.

At the time of appointment or re-appointment, the CEO & Managing Director shall be paid such remuneration as may

be mutually agreed between the Company (which includes the Committee and the Board of Directors) and the CEO &

Managing Director, within the overall limits prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013;

ii.

The remuneration shall be subject to the approval of the members of the company in General Meeting;

iii. The remuneration of the CEO & Managing Director is broadly divided into fixed and variable components. The fixed

component comprises salary, allowances, perquisites, amenities and retiral benefits. The variable component comprises

performance bonus; as mutually agreed.

iv.

In determining the remuneration (including the fixed increment and performance bonus) the committee considers the

relationship of remuneration and performance benchmarks, the balance between fixed and variable pay reflecting short

and long term performance objectives, appropriate to the working of the company and its goals; the responsibility

required to be shouldered by the CEO & Managing Director, the industry benchmarks and the current trends and

company’s performance vis- à-vis the annual budget achievement and individual performance vis-à-vis the KRAs / KPIs.

Remuneration Policy for the Senior Management Employees including CFO

In determining the remuneration of the Senior Management Employees (i.e. KMP and Operations Council), the Committee

ensures / considers the following:

i.

clarity on the relationship of remuneration and performance benchmark;

ii.

the balance between fixed and variable pay reflecting short and long term performance objectives, appropriate to the

working of the company and its goals, as mutually agreed;

iii. the remuneration is divided into two components viz. fixed component comprising salaries, perquisites and retirement

benefits and a variable component comprising performance bonus;

iv.

The remuneration including annual increment and performance bonus is decided based on the criticality of the roles and

responsibilities, the company’s performance vis-à-vis the annual budget achievement, individual performance vis-à-vis

KRAs / KPIs, industry benchmark and current compensation trends in the market as mutually agreed.

Directors Remuneration

a) Executive Directors

The remuneration paid/payable to the Executive Directors is given below:

(Amount in `)

S. No.

Name of the Director

Salary

Commission

PF

Superannuation

Total

1

B.V.R. Mohan Reddy

18,062,205

37,055,051

2,160,000

2,700,000

59,977,256

2

Krishna Bodanapu

37,055,051

64,846,340

2,160,000

1,728,000

83,134,340

(a) None of the directors has been granted stock options/RSUs during the year.

(b) The above amounts do not include provisions for encashable leave, gratuity and premium paid for Group Health

Insurance as separate actuarial valuation/premium paid are not available for the Executive

Managing Director & CEO and Chief Financial

Officer have given a Certificate to the Board as

contemplated in SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. This

is published elsewhere in the Annual Report.

(b) There are no materially significant related party

transactions please refer note No. 22 of the stand

alone financial statements, forming part of this

Annual Report.

(c) There were no pecuniary transactions with any of

the Non-Executive Directors, except payment of

commission.

(d) A compliance report of all applicable laws and

regulations duly signed by the Executive Chairman,

Chief Financial Officer and the Company Secretary

is placed at periodic intervals for review by the

Board. The Board reviews the compliance of all the

applicable laws and gives appropriate directions

wherever necessary.

(e) The board considers materially important show

cause/demand notices received from statutory

authorities and the steps/action taken by the

company in this regard. A status report of material

legal cases and disputed liabilities pending before

the various courts/judicial forums is also put up to

the board on a quarterly basis. During the year, the

company received no such notices.

(f) The board of directors has laid-down a ‘Code of

Conduct’ (Code) for all the board members and

senior management personnel of the company and

this Code is posted on the website of the Company.

Annual declaration is obtained from every associate

covered by the Code. The declaration of the: Managing Director & CEO, as required under SEBI

(LODR) Regulations, 2015, is published elsewhere in

the Annual Report.

(g) The board regularly discusses the significant

business risks identified by the management

and the mitigation process being taken up. On a

quarterly basis, the CEO also presents an update to

the Board. A detailed note on the risk identification

and mitigation is included in the Risk Management

Report and Management Discussion and Analysis

annexed to the Directors’ Report.

(h) No penalties or strictures were imposed on the

company by the Stock Exchanges, SEBI or other

statutory authorities during the last three years.

(i)

The company is compliant with the provisions of

applicable laws and the SEBI (LODR) Regulations,

2015.

(j)

The senior management have affirmed to the board

of directors that there are no material, financial and

commercial transactions, where they have personal

interest that may have a potential conflict with the

interest of the company.

(k) Mr. Krishna Bodanapu is the son of Mr. B.V.R. Mohan

Reddy. There are no inter-se relationships between

and among any other directors.

(l)

The company is preparing its financial statements in

line with the accounting standards prescribed under

section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013.

(m) The company has not raised any fresh funds from the

public or through Rights or Preferential Issue(except

ASOPs).

(n) The board has accepted all recommendations made

by the respective committees, as applicable.

(f) Whistle blower policy

The Company has adopted a Whistle Blower Policy

and has established the necessary vigil mechanism as

defined under Regulation 22 of SEBI (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements), 2015 for directors and

employees to report concerns about unethical behaviour.

No person has been denied access to the

Managing Director & CEO

00605187

24/04/2014

3

Murugappan Murugappan Muthiah

Non-executive & Non

independent Director

00170478

11/08/1997

4

Alain A De Taeye

Non-executive & Non

independent Director

03015749

21/04/2010

5

Som Mittal

Independent Director

00074842

24/04/2014

6

Vinai Thummalapally

Independent Director

07797921

20/04/2017

7

Vikas Sehgal

Independent Director

05218876

17/10/2018

8

Matangi Gowrishankar

Independent Director

01518137

25/04/2019

9

Vivek Narayan Gour

Independent Director

00254383

25/04/2019

Ensuring the eligibility for the appointment / continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management

of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on our verification. This certificate is neither an

assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has

conducted the affairs of the Company.

Place: Hyderabad

Date: 04.06.2020

S. Chidambaram

Practicing Company Secretary:

FCS No. 3935

C P No: 2286

UDIN: F003935B000317875:

Managing Director and CEO

Partner

(DIN - 00058215)

(DIN - 00605187)

Membership No.: 093649

Ajay Aggarwal

Sudheendhra Putty

President &

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

(M.No. - F5689)

Place : Mumbai

Place : Hyderabad

Date : May 07, 2020

Date : May 07, 2020

Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2020

(All amounts in ` millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated):

Managing Director and CEO

Partner

(DIN - 00058215)

(DIN - 00605187)

Membership No.: 093649

Ajay Aggarwal

Sudheendhra Putty

President &

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

(M.No. - F5689)

Place : Mumbai

Place : Hyderabad

Date : May 07, 2020

Date : May 07, 2020:

Managing Director and CEO

Partner

(DIN - 00058215)

(DIN - 00605187)

Membership No.: 093649

Ajay Aggarwal

Sudheendhra Putty

President &

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

(M.No. - F5689)

Place: Mumbai

Place: Hyderabad

Date: May 07, 2020

Date: May 07, 2020:

Managing Director and CEO

Partner

(DIN - 00058215)

(DIN - 00605187)

Membership No.: 093649

Ajay Aggarwal

Sudheendhra Putty

President &

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

(M.No. - F5689)

Place : Mumbai

Place : Hyderabad

Date : May 07, 2020

Date : May 07, 2020:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

who evaluates Company’s performance and allocates

resources based on an analysis of various performance

indicators by business verticals and geographical

segmentation of customers. The Company has only

one reportable business segment, which is rendering

of Services. Accordingly, the amounts appearing in the

financial statements relate to the Company’s single

business segment. Segment information has been

presented in the Consolidated Financial Statements in

accordance with Ind AS 108 notified under the Companies

(Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015.

xx. Financial instruments

(A) Initial recognition:

Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised

when a Company becomes a party to the contractual

provisions of the instruments. Financial assets and

financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value

and subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair

value through other comprehensive income and fair

value through profit or loss. Transaction costs that

are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue

of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than

financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value

through profit or loss) are added to or deducted

from the fair value of the financial assets or financial

liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition.

Transaction costs directly attributable to the

acquisition of financial assets or liabilities at fair value

through profit or loss are recognised immediately in

statement of profit and loss.

(B) Subsequent measurement

a.

Non-derivative financial instruments

i)

Financial assets carried at amortised cost:

A financial asset is subsequently measured

at amortised cost if it is held within a

business model whose objective is to hold

the asset in order to collect contractual

cash flows and the contractual terms of the

financial asset give rise on specified dates

to cash flows that are solely payments

of principal and interest on the principal

amount outstanding.

ii)

Financial assets at fair value through

other comprehensive income: A financial

asset is subsequently measured at fair value

through other comprehensive income if

it is held within a business model whose

objective is achieved by both collecting

contractual cash flows and selling financial

assets and the contractual terms of the

financial asset give rise on specified dates

to cash flows that are solely payments

of principal and interest on the principal

amount outstanding. The Company may

also make an irrevocable election for its

investments which are classified as equity

instruments to present the subsequent

changes in fair value in other comprehensive

income based on its business model.

iii) Financial assets at fair value through

profit or loss: Financial assets which are

not classified in any of the above categories

are subsequently fair valued through profit

or loss.

iv) Financial liabilities: Financial liabilities are

subsequently carried at amortised cost

using the effective interest method, except

for contingent consideration recognised in a

business combination which is subsequently

measured at fair value through profit and

loss. For trade and other payables maturing

within one year from the Balance Sheet

date, the carrying amounts approximate

fair value due to the short maturity of these

instruments.

v)

Investment in subsidiaries: Investment in

subsidiaries is carried at cost in the separate

financial statements.:

Managing Director & CEO

Ajay Aggarwal

President & Chief Financial Officer

Karthikeyan Natarajan (effective 05 March 2020)

President & Chief Operating Officer

Sudheendhra Putty

Company Secretary

K. Ramachandran (until 06 June 2019)

Independent Director

Som Mittal

Independent Director

Andrea Bierce (until 06 June 2019)

Independent Director

John Paul Paterson (until 06 June 2019)

Independent Director

Vinai Thummalapally

Independent Director

Vikas Sehgal

Independent Director

Vivek Gour (effective 25 April 2019)

Independent Director

Matangi Gowrishankar (effective 25 April 2019)

Independent Director

M.M. Murugappan

Non-Executive & Non-independent Director

Alain De Taeye

Non-Executive & Non-independent Director

Relative of Executive Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director

& CEO and Executive Officers#1&2

188

227

Dividend paid during the year Executive Chairman,: Managing Director

& CEO and Executive Officers#1

98

52

Commission and other

benefits

Non-Executive and Independent

Directors

13

13

#1 Executive officers includes Ajay Aggarwal (President & Chief Financial Officer), Sudheendhra Putty (Company

Secretary), Karthikeyan Natarajan (President & Chief Operating Officer) and B. Ashok Reddy (Relative of

Executive

Managing Director

& CEO

102

138

Commission and other

benefits payable

Non-Executive and Independent Directors

13

13

Notes:

1.

During the year, the Company has written-off ` 41 towards outstanding advances and trade receivables from

Infotech HAL Limited, Joint venture.

2.

During the year, Company’s subsidiary, Cyient Solutions and Systems Private Limited (‘CSS’) has recognised one-

time charge of ` 222 relating to costs incurred on development of UAV systems in view of the potential delays in

materialization of orders. Accordingly, a corresponding provision for impairment of the loan given to CSS of ` 311

has been recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss.

3.

Foreign exchange restatements have not been disclosed as transactions during the year.:

Managing Director and CEO

Partner

(DIN - 00058215)

(DIN - 00605187)

Membership No.: 093649

Ajay Aggarwal

Sudheendhra Putty

President &

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

(M.No. - F5689)

Place : Mumbai

Place : Hyderabad

Date : May 07, 2020

Date : May 07, 2020:

Managing Director and CEO

Partner

(DIN - 00058215)

(DIN - 00605187)

Membership No.: 093649

Ajay Aggarwal

Sudheendhra Putty

President &

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

(M.No. - F5689)

Place : Mumbai

Place : Hyderabad

Date : May 07, 2020

Date : May 07, 2020:

Managing Director and CEO

Partner

(DIN - 00058215)

(DIN - 00605187)

Membership No.: 093649

Ajay Aggarwal

Sudheendhra Putty

President &

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

(M.No. - F5689)

Place : Mumbai

Place : Hyderabad

Date : May 07, 2020

Date : May 07, 2020

Particulars

Notes

For the year ended

March 31, 2020

For the year ended

March 31, 2019

INCOME

Revenue from operations

21

44,274

46,175

Other income

22

1,583

1,340

Total income

45,857

47,515

EXPENSES

Employee benefits expense

23

24,776

25,469

Cost of materials consumed

24

4,066

3,936

Purchase of stock-in-trade

-

108

Changes in inventories of finished goods, stock-in-trade and work-in-

progress

25

(144)

141

Finance costs

26

486

326

Depreciation and amortisation expense

27

1,878

1,114

Impairment of non-current assets

36

404

-

Other expenses

28

9,683

10,193

Total expenses

41,149

41,287

Profit before share of profit / (loss) from joint venture, exceptional item

and tax

4,708

6,228

Share of profit / (loss) from joint venture

6(iv)

(26)

5

Profit before exceptional item and tax

4,682

6,233

Exceptional item

37

-

35

Profit before tax

4,682

6,198

Tax expense

Current tax

18.1

1,181

1,512

Deferred tax

18.1

89

(85)

Total tax expense

1,270

1,427

Profit for the year

3,412

4,771

Other comprehensive income (OCI)

(a) Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to statement of profit

and loss:

(i)

Remeasurements of the net defined benefit liability

17(i)

14

(70)

(ii) Equity instrument through other comprehensive income

13

10

14

(iii) Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to

statement of profit and loss

18.1

(B)

(8)

14

(b) Items that will be reclassified subsequently to statement of profit and

loss:

(i)

Exchange differences in translating the financial statements of

foreign operations

13

471

67

(ii) Effective portion of gain/(loss) on designated portion of hedging

instruments in a cash flow hedge

13

(544)

467

(iii) Income tax on items that may be reclassified to statement of

profit and loss

18.1

(B)

190

(164)

Total other comprehensive income for the year

133

328

Total comprehensive income for the year

3,545

5,099

Profit for the year attributable to:

-

Shareholders of the Company

3,425

4,785

-

Non-controlling interests

(13)

(14)

3,412

4,771

Other comprehensive income for the year attributable to:

-

Shareholders of the Company

133

329

-

Non-controlling interests

-

(1)

133

328

Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to:

-

Shareholders of the Company

3,558

5,114

-

Non-controlling interests

(13)

(15)

3,545

5,099

Earnings per equity share (par value of ` 5 each)

29

Basic (`)

31.14

42.43

Diluted (`)

31.14

42.36

Corporate information and significant accounting policies

1 & 2

Accompanying notes form an integral part of the consolidated financial statements

Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss for the year ended March 31, 2020

(All amounts in ` millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated):

Managing Director and CEO

Partner

(DIN - 00058215)

(DIN - 00605187)

Membership No.: 093649

Ajay Aggarwal

Sudheendhra Putty

President &

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

(M.No. - F5689)

Place: Mumbai

Place: Hyderabad

Date: May 07, 2020

Date: May 07, 2020

Consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year ended March 31, 2020

(All amounts in ` millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated):

Managing Director and CEO

Partner

(DIN - 00058215)

(DIN - 00605187)

Membership No.: 093649

Ajay Aggarwal

Sudheendhra Putty

President &

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

(M.No. - F5689)

Place : Mumbai

Place : Hyderabad

Date : May 07, 2020

Date : May 07, 2020:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

who evaluates Cyient Group’s performance and

allocates resources based on an analysis of various

performance indicators by business verticals and

geographical segmentation of customers.

Until March 31, 2019, the Cyient Group classified

its

operations

into

three

vertically

oriented

business segments, i.e. Utilities, Geospatial and

Communications (UGC), Manufacturing and Industrial

Products (MI) and Design Led Manufacturing (DLM).

The business caters to the specific requirements of

customers in their respective user segments.

Effective April 1, 2019, in furtherance of the Group’s

S3 strategy, the Group has re-organized certain

business units and its operating structure to enable a

strong solution focus across all the business units. In

view of the structural changes, the Chief Operating

Decision Maker (CODM) reviews the business as

two operating segments - ‘Services’ and ‘Design led

Manufacturing’ (DLM), and in accordance with the

core principles of Ind AS 108 - ‘Operating Segments’,

these have been considered as the reportable

segments of the Group.

The Group has re-presented the information relating

to all comparative periods in line with this revised

segmental classification. Refer note 30 for further

details.

2.4 Basis of consolidation

The consolidated financial statements incorporate

the financial statements of the Company and entities

controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is

achieved when the Company:

•

has power over the investee;

•

is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its

involvement with the investee; and

•

has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting

rights result in control. To support this presumption and

when the Group has less than a majority of the voting

or similar rights of an investee, the Group considers all

relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it

has power over an investee, including:

•

The contractual arrangement with the other vote

holders of the investee;

•

Rights arising from other contractual arrangements;

•

The Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights;

and

•

The size of the group’s holding of voting rights

relative to the size and dispersion of the holdings of

the other voting rights holders.

The Group re-assesses whether or not it controls

an investee if facts and circumstances indicate

that there are changes to one or more of the three

elements of control. Consolidation of a subsidiary

begins when the Group obtains control over the

subsidiary and ceases when the Group loses control

of the subsidiary. Assets, liabilities, income and

expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of

during the year are included in the consolidated

financial statements from the date the Group gains

control until the date the Group ceases to control the

subsidiary.

Consolidated financial statements are prepared using

uniform accounting policies for like transactions and

other events in similar circumstances. If a member of

the group uses accounting policies other than those

adopted in the consolidated financial statements for

like transactions and events in similar circumstances,

appropriate adjustments are made to that group

member’s financial statements in preparing the

consolidated

financial

statements

to

ensure

conformity with the group’s accounting policies.

Profit or loss and each component of other

comprehensive income are attributed to the owners

of the Company and to the non-controlling interests.

Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is

attributed to the owners of the Company and to the

non-controlling interests even if this results in the

non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

The financial statements of all entities used for

the purpose of consolidation are drawn up to same

reporting date as that of the Company.

Consolidation procedures

•

Combining like items of assets, liabilities, equity,

income, expenses and cash flows of the Company

with those of its subsidiaries.

•

Offset (eliminate) the carrying amount of the

Company’s investment in each subsidiary and the

Company’s portion of equity of each subsidiary.

•

All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income,

expenses, and cash flows relating to transactions

between members of the Group are eliminated in full

on consolidation.

2.5 Use of estimates and judgements

The preparation of the consolidated financial statements

in conformity with Ind AS requires the management

to make judgements, estimates and assumptions:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

evaluates Cyient Group’s performance and allocates

resources based on analysis of various performance

indicators by business verticals and geographical

segmentation of customers. Refer note 2.3 (iii) for change

in accounting policy and note 30 for operating segment

information.

2.25 Financial instruments

(A) Initial recognition:

Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised

when a Group entity becomes a party to the

contractual provisions of the instruments. Financial

assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at

fair value and subsequently measured at amortised

cost, fair value through other comprehensive income

and fair value through profit or loss. Transaction

costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition

or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities

(other than financial assets and financial liabilities

at fair value through profit or loss) are added to or

deducted from the fair value of the financial assets

or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial

recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable

to the acquisition of financial assets or financial

liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are

recognised immediately in consolidated statement

of profit and loss.

(B) Subsequent measurement:

a.

Non-derivative financial instruments

i)

Financial assets carried at amortised cost:

A financial asset is subsequently measured

at amortised cost if it is held within a

business model whose objective is to hold

the asset in order to collect contractual

cash flows and the contractual terms of the

financial asset give rise on specified dates

to cash flows that are solely payments

of principal and interest on the principal

amount outstanding.

ii)

Financial assets at fair value through

other comprehensive income: A financial

asset is subsequently measured at fair value

through other comprehensive income if

it is held within a business model whose

objective is achieved by both collecting

contractual cash flows and selling financial

assets and the contractual terms of the

financial asset give rise on specified dates

to cash flows that are solely payments

of principal and interest on the principal

amount outstanding. The Group has made

an irrevocable election for its investments

which are classified as equity instruments

to present the subsequent changes in fair

value in other comprehensive income based

on its business model.

iii) Financial assets at fair value through

profit or loss: Financial assets which are not

classified in any of the above categories are

subsequently fair valued through profit or

loss.

iv) Financial liabilities: Financial liabilities are

subsequently carried at amortised cost

using the effective interest method, except

for contingent consideration recognised in a

business combination which is subsequently:

letter of credit from

HSBC Bank, India. Cyient Limited has provided corporate guarantee for this borrowing. Amount outstanding as at

March 31, 2020 was ` 980 (USD 13,000,158) (March 31, 2019: ` 671 (USD 9,700,000).

Cyient Europe Limited

(a) During the year, Ansem N.V, wholly owned subsidiary of Cyient Europe Limited has borrowed short term loans

aggregating ` 57 (EUR 731,100) and repaid during the year ` 14 (EUR 181,937) from HSBC bank. This loan is secured

by a corporate guarantee from Cyient Limited. Amount outstanding as at March 31, 2020 was ` 46 (EUR 549,164).

(b) During the year, Cyient SRO, wholly owned subsidiary of Cyient Europe Limited has borrowed short term loans

aggregating ` 89 (CZK 29,058,391) from HSBC bank. This loan is secured by a corporate guarantee from Cyient

Limited

(c) During the year, Cyient Europe Limited has borrowed short term loans aggregating ` 98 (GBP 1,056,329) (March

31, 2019: Nil) from HSBC bank. This loan is secured by corporate gurantee from Cyient Limited and charge on all

existing and future freehold and leasehold property and other assets and liabilities.

(d) Cyient Europe Limited borrowed short term loans aggregating ` 149 (GBP 1,600,000) (March 31, 2019: ` 145 (GBP

1,600,000)) from Citibank. This loan is secured by a corporate guarantee from Cyient Limited.

Cyient GmbH

Cyient GmbH borrowed a short term loan aggregating ` Nil (March 31, 2019: ` 156) from HSBC Bank. This loan is secured

by a corporate guarantee from Cyient Limited.:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer who evaluates Cyient

Group’s performance and allocates resources based on an analysis of various performance indicators by business

verticals and geographical segmentation of customers.

The Cyient Group has identified business segments as its primary segment and geographic segments as its secondary

segment.

Geographic segments of the Cyient Group are North America, Europe and Asia Pacific.

Until March 31, 2019, the Cyient Group classified its operations into three vertically oriented business segments,

i.e. Utilities, Geospatial and Communications (UGC), Manufacturing and Industrial Products (MI) and Design Led

Manufacturing (DLM). The business cater to the specific requirements of customers in their respective user segments.

Effective April 1, 2019, in furtherance of the Group S3 strategy, the Group has re-organized certain business units and

its operating structure to enable a strong solution focus across all the business units. In view of the structural changes,:

Managing Director & CEO

Ajay Aggarwal

President & Chief Financial Officer

Karthikeyan Natarajan (effective 05 March 2020)

President & Chief Operating Officer

Sudheendhra Putty

Company Secretary

K. Ramachandran (until 06 June 2019)

Independent Director

Som Mittal

Independent Director

Andrea Bierce (until 06 June 2019)

Independent Director

John Paul Paterson (until 06 June 2019)

Independent Director

Vinai Thummalapally

Independent Director

Vikas Sehgal

Independent Director

Vivek Gour (effective 25 April 2019)

Independent Director

Matangi Gowrishankar (effective 25 April 2019)

Independent Director

M.M. Murugappan

Non-Executive & Non-independent Director

Alain De Taeye

Non-Executive & Non-independent Director

Relative of Executive Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director

& CEO and Executive officers#1 & 2

188

227

Dividend paid

Executive Chairman,: Managing Director

& CEO and Executive officers#1

98

52

Commission and other benefits Non-executive/independent directors

13

13

#1 Executive officers include Ajay Aggarwal (President & Chief Financial Officer), Karthikeyan Natarajan (President &

Chief Operating Officer), Sudheendhra Putty (Company Secretary) and Ashok Reddy (relative of Executive

Managing Director and CEO

Partner

(DIN - 00058215)

(DIN - 00605187)

Membership No : 093649

Ajay Aggarwal

Sudheendhra Putty

President &

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

(M.No. - F5689)

Place : Mumbai

Place : Hyderabad

Date : May 07, 2020

Date : May 07, 2020:

Managing Director & CEO

May

Re-branding completed, new logo launched and Company’s name changed to Cyient

August

Acquired 51% stake in Invati Insights Pvt. Ltd., Hyderabad

October

Set up a subsidiary in Australia

December

Won the 14th ICSI National Award for Excellence in Corporate Governance

2015

January

Acquired 74% stake in Rangsons Electronics Pvt. Ltd., Mysore

April

Mr. B.V.R. Mohan Reddy elected Chairman of National Association of Software Services Companies

(NASSCOM)

July

Acquired Pratt & Whitney Global Services Engineering Asia, Singapore

August

Divested entire stake in Infotech Enterprises Information Technology Services Private Limited, a

wholly owned subsidiary

Launched National Digital Literacy Mission Centre

September

R&D Unit recognised by Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Ministry of Science and

Technology, Government of India

October

Set up step down subsidiary in Czech republic

2016

February

Established state of the art development centre in Warangal, Telangana

March

‘Lifetime Achievement Award’ conferred on Mr. B.V.R. Mohan Reddy by Hyderabad Management

Association

Set up a subsidiary in China

May

Awarded 2015 Supplier of the Year by Boeing

June

Inaugurated Global Design Center in Bengaluru for SMEC

July

Set up subsidiary in Israel

August

Marked its 25th Anniversary by enabling large scale inclusive ‘Digital Literacy’ Mission

October

Mr. B.V.R. Mohan Reddy appointed as the Honorary Consul of the Federal Republic of Germany

November

Cyient Europe Limited acquired 100% stake in Blom Aerofilms Limited, UK

December

Zinnov Zones 2016 Rates Cyient in the Leadership Zone in Four Industry Verticals

2017

January

Secured Prestigious Pratt & Whitney 2016 Supplier Innovation and Productivity Savings Awards

February

Cyient Inc. acquired 100% stake in Certon Software Inc, a Florida based company

March

Mr. B.V.R. Mohan Reddy awarded the Padma Shri Award, 2017 for distinguished and exceptional

achievement in Trade & Industry

New facility set up at Pune, Maharashtra

April

Incorporated Cyient Solutions and Systems Private Limited

September

Acquired B&F Design Inc. through US subsidiary

November

Recognised as one of ‘India’s most innovative organisations’ by CII

December

Divested company’s stake in Infotech Aerospace Services Inc., Puerto Rico

December

Voluntarily obtained a rating of CGR 2+ from ICRA for corporate governance practices

2018

February

Won Pratt & Whitney awards for supplier innovation and productivity savings

March

Adopted a new set of Articles of Association

April

Non-resident shareholding in the company limited to 49%

Acquisition of AnSem NV, Belgium through Cyient Europe Limited

May

Cyient Insights becomes wholly owned subsidiary

October

Incorporated Cyient Urban Micro Skill Centre Foundation, a section 8 company

2019

January

Cyient DLM becomes wholly owned subsidiary

February

Company commences first ever buyback of its shares

March

Dissolved Cyient Insight LLC, USA, a step down subsidiary of the company

April

Completion of buyback of company shares

July

New Technology Precision Machining Co., Inc was merged with Cyient Defense Services Inc.:

letter, duly signed by the first holder, stating the new address and folio numbers of the shares

you own to our R & T agents. An acknowledgement will be sent to your new address confirming the up-dation of the change in

our records.

In the case of dematerialized holdings, please write to your Depository Participant (DP) intimating them of the change and ask for

a confirmation that their records reflect the new address.

If dividend cheque is lost/was never received/has expired, how to get a fresh cheque re-issued?

Please write to our R&T Agent, with details of folio numbers (in the case of physical holdings) or the DP ID and Client ID in the case

of dematerialized holdings. After verification, they will issue a fresh instrument.

To avoid this problem in the future, you can use the ECS facility in which the dividend amount is automatically credited to the bank

account of your choice. To avail of this facility, give your request to our R&T agent in writing.

Also, you might consider dematerializing your holdings through a Depository Participant. This would not only eliminate the issues

of storage and risk of loss of paper certificates but also ensure automatic crediting of dividends to your bank account.

How does a shareholder re-claim the shares and/or unclaimed dividend transferred to IEPF?

Such shareholders may make an application to the IEPF Authority in Form No. IEPF-5 available on www.iepf.gov.in online and send

a physical copy of the same duly signed to the R&T Agent along with requisite documents enumerated in the Form No. IEPF-5.

No claims shall lie against the company in respect of the dividend/shares so transferred to the IEPF.:

