Dear Shareholders,

As I write this year’s: letter, the world

is confronting a health crisis unlike

any other in recent history, one that

not only has upended human lives

but is also having an extraordinary

impact on the global economy. In

these overwhelming and unchartered

times, we would like to reassure you

that your Company remains confident

in its fundamentally strong business

model and growth prospects. By

demonstrating unyielding resilience,

we are determined to navigate the

expected headwinds in the coming

months and emerge from these

challenges as a stronger enterprise.

The Indian economy was confronting

several headwinds even before the

coronavirus pandemic. To relight

the economy, the government took

several steps - including the steepest

ever cut in corporate tax to boost

investment. However, the nationwide

lockdown that ensued to contain

the spread of the virus brought all

economic activity to a grinding halt in

Q4 FY 2019-20. To steady the economy

and contain the impact of the virus,

comprehensive interventions are

being rolled out on several fronts by

the government.

As a manufacturing entity in the non-

essential category, the unexpected

turn of events adversely impacted our

fourth-quarter results, especially as

March is historically a month of high

sales due to year-end targets given

to distributors. The ramifications of

the fourth quarter persisted on the

full-year numbers as well. Our business

was also affected by sluggish growth

in certain end-user sectors, especially

telecommunications and real estate.

Against this tough operating backdrop,

we recorded Rs. 3,049 crores as

revenue in FY 2019-20 as against

Rs. 3,049.2 Crores

Revenue

Rs. 501.3 Crores

PBT

Against this tough

operating backdrop,

we recorded

rs. 3,049 crores

as revenue in

FY 2019-20 as

against rs. 3,200

crores in the

previous year, a

degrowth of 4.7%.

Rs. 402.5 Crores

PAT

04

Finolex Cables Limited

Annual Report 2019-20

Managing Director, Mr. M.L Jain, Non-

Executive Director and Mrs. Shruti Udeshi, Independent

Director had offered themselves for reappointment at the

last AGM held on 18th September 2019. However, two major

corporate shareholders holding in aggregate 45.2% of the:

letter 12th April

2019 which was received by the Company on 20th

April 2019.

•

P R Rathi ceased w.e.f 8th September 2019 upon

end of his 5 years term as an Independent Director.

Pursuant to his written request the status of Mr. Shishir

Lall has changed from Independent Director to Non-

Executive Non-Independent Director w.e.f 14th August

2020.

2.8 Matrix setting out the skills/expertise/ competence

of the Board of Directors:

The Board shall endeavor to implement and maintain a

skills matrix setting out the mix of skills and diversity that

the Board currently has and/ or aims to achieve in the

context of its business operations and diversifications

strategies including in newer product segments.

The list of core skills/ expertise / competencies identified

by the Board of Directors as required in the context

of Company’s business and sectors for it to function

effectively and those actually available with the Board

are as under:

skills/expertise/

competencies

Description

Name of Directors

Strategic

Management

Ability to think strategically; identify and critically assesses

strategic opportunities and threats. Develop effective

strategies in the context of the business situation and strategic

objectives of the Company relevant policies and priorities

Mr. D K Chhabria

Mr. Mahesh Viswanathan

Mr. Shishir Lall

Mr. D K Vasal

Strategic

marketing

Knowledge of and experience in marketing services,

Experience in, or a thorough understanding of, the prevailing

business situations communication with industry groups and/

or end users through a range of relevant communication

channels and media.

Mr. D K Chhabria

Mr. Shishir Lall

Mr. Mahesh Viswanathan

Finance &

Accounting

Qualifications and experience in accounting, finance including

treasury management and investment scenario the ability to:

•

Analyse key financial statements;

•

Critically assess financial viability and performance;

•

Contribute to strategic financial planning;

•

Oversee budgets and the efficient use of resources;

Mr. Mahesh Viswanathan

Mr. JRS Reddy

Mrs. Kavita B Upadhyay

Industry

experience

A broad range of commercial/business experience, preferably

in the medium to large enterprise context, in areas including

communications, marketing, branding and business systems,

practices and improvement. Experience in managing

government relations and industry advocacy strategies.

Mr. D K Chhabria

Mr. Mahesh Viswanathan

Mr. Shishir Lall

Mr. Yatin Redkar

Corporate

Governance

Expertise to ensure compliance with legislative and regulatory

requirements, including transparency requirements under

SEBI regulations and the listing rules of the stock exchange.

Mr. D K Vasal

Mr. D K Chhabria

Mr. Mahesh Viswanathan

Information

Technology

Qualification and experience in IT and/or Digital industries

with ability to apply new technology to the business interests

of the Company strengthening controls and operational

efficiencies by the IT

Mr. D K Chhabria

Mr. Mahesh Viswanathan

Mr. J R S Reddy

(with advice of specialized agencies

as and when required)

Human Resource

Management

Qualification and experience in human resource management

with an understanding of:

•

Manufacturing cycle of business

•

Expertise in labour laws and industrial relations

•

ability to effectively engage and retain skilled manpower

Mr. D K Chhabria

Mr. Mahesh Viswanathan

Mr. D K Vasal

Risk Management

Ability to identify key risks to the Company in a wide range of

areas including business/ product segments, political scenario

and legal and regulatory compliance.

Mr. D K Chhabria

Mr. Mahesh Viswanathan

Mr. D K Vasal

Mr. J R S Reddy:

letter.

Management’s Responsibility

It is the responsibility of the management of the Company to maintain secretarial records, devise proper systems to ensure

compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws and regulations and to ensure that the systems are adequate and operate

effectively.

Auditor’s Responsibility

1.

Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these secretarial records, standards and procedures followed by the

Company with respect to secretarial compliances.

2.

We believe that audit evidence and information obtained from the Company’s management is adequate and appropriate

for us to provide a basis for our opinion.

3.

Wherever required, we have obtained the management’s representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events, etc.

Disclaimer

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness

with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Jog Limaye & Associates

Company Secretaries

Mandar Shrikrishna Jog

Partner

Membership No.: F9552

CP No.: 9798

Place: Pune

UDIN: F009552B000579220

Date: 14.08.2020

PR No 738/2020

Limited (holding 30.7%) and Finolex Industries Limited

(holding 14.5%) of the Company’s total paid up share

capital.

For Jog Limaye & Associates

Company Secretaries

Mandar Shrikrishna Jog

Partner

Membership No.: F9552

CP No.: 9798

Place: Pune

UDIN: F009552B000579220

Date: 14.08.2020

PR No 738/2020

Note- this report is to be read with: letter of even date by the

Secretarial Auditors, which is annexed as Annexure A and

forms an integrated part of this report.

Managing Director), Mr. M. L.

Jain (Non- executive Director) and Mrs. Shruti Udeshi (Independent Director), Directors had offered themselves for

reappointment at the last AGM held on 18th September 2019. However, two major corporate shareholders holding in

aggregate 45.2% of the paid up share capital of the Company voted against each of the resolutions for their respective

re-appointments. A contention has been raised that these votes were cast contrary to the mandate under their

constitutional documents/ contractual commitments, and these votes are the subject matter of challenge before the

Court(s)/ legal forum and accordingly the matter is sub judice.

(g) Relatives of Key Managerial Personnel: (Mr. D. K. Chhabria)

Mr. Kishandas P. Chhabria

Father

Mr. Vijay K. Chhabria

Brother

Mrs. Sunita K. Chhabria

Mother

Mrs. Vini D. Chhabria

Wife

Ms. Radhika D. Chhabria

Daughter:

Managing Director), Mr. M.L

Jain (Non- executive Director) and Mrs. Shruti Udeshi (Independent Director), Directors had offered themselves for

reappointment at the last AGM held on 18th September 2019. However, two major corporate shareholders holding in

aggregate 45.2% of the paid up share capital of the Company voted against each of the resolutions for their respective re-

appointments. A contention has been raised that these votes were cast contrary to the mandate under their constitutional

documents/ contractual commitments, and these votes are the subject matter of challenge before the Court(s)/ legal

forum and accordingly the matter is sub judice.

(g) Relatives of Key Managerial Personnel: (Mr. D. K. Chhabria)

Mr. Kishandas P. Chhabria

Father

Mr. Vijay K. Chhabria

Brother

Mrs.Sunita K. Chhabria

Mother

Mrs.Vini D. Chhabria

Wife

Ms.Radhika D. Chhabria

Daughter:

letter stating the Member’s

name (as recorded on the share certificate),

folio number, complete address, along with:-

(b) Name and Branch of Bank and Bank Account

Type

(c) Bank account Number allotted by your Bank

after implementing Core Banking Solutions

(d) 11 digit IFSC Code

(e) 9 digit MICR Code Number

(f) Self-attested copy of cancelled cheque

bearing the name of the Member or First

Holder

(g) Self-attested copy of PAN and AADHAR Card

Note: For queries related to updation of email ID and

bank account details members may contact at einward.

ris@kfintech.com/investors@finolex.com.

(B) Members holding shares in Demat form are

requested to update their Electronic Bank Mandate

through their Depository Participants.

10. In case the Company is unable to pay dividend to any

Member(s) directly in their bank account through

Electronic Clearing Services or any other means due

to non-registration of Electronic Bank Mandate, the

Company shall dispatch the dividend warrants/demand

drafts to such Member(s) at the earliest once the

normalcy is restored.

11. Pursuant to the provisions of the Finance Act 2020,

dividend income will be taxable at the hands of

shareholders w.e.f. 1 April, 2020 and the Company is

required to deduct tax at source from dividend paid to

Members at prescribed rates. For the prescribed rates

for various categories the Members are requested to

refer to the Finance Act, 2020 and amendments thereto.

The Members are requested to update their PAN with

Registrar and Transfer Agents (in case of shares held

in physical mode) and their Depository Participants

(in case shares are held in demat mode). However, no

tax shall be deducted on the dividend payable to a

resident individual shareholder if the total dividend to

be received during FY 2020-21 does not exceed `5000/-.

A resident individual shareholder with PAN who is

not liable to pay income tax is requested to submit

a yearly declaration in Form 15G/15H, to avail the

benefit of non-deduction of tax to the Company’s RTA

i.e. KFin Technologies Private Limited, Karvy Selenium,

Tower B, 6th Floor, Plot Nos.31 & 32, Financial District,

Nanakramguda, Hyderabad – 500032, Tel Nos. (40) 6716

1613 / 6716 1630 so as to reach latest by 10th September,

2020. Shareholders are requested to note that in case

their PAN is not registered, the tax will be deducted at a

higher rate of 20%, as applicable.

Non-resident shareholders can avail beneficial rates

under tax treaty between India and their country of

residence subject to providing necessary documents i.e.

No Permanent Establishment and Beneficial Ownership

Declaration, Tax Residency Certificate, Form 10F, any

other document which may be required to avail the

tax treaty benefits by sending to Company’s RTA i.e.

KFin Technologies Private Limited, Karvy Selenium,

Tower B, 6th Floor, Plot Nos.31 & 32, Financial District,

Nanakramguda, Hyderabad – 500032, Tel Nos. (40)

6716 1613 / 6716 1630. The said declarations need to

be submitted so as to reach latest by 10th September,

2020.:

letter etc. with

attested specimen signature(s) of the duly

authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to

vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to mandar@

msjcs.com with a copy marked to the Company at

investors@finolex.com and to evoting@nsdl.co.in.

2.

It is strongly recommended not to share your

password with any other person and take utmost

care to keep your password confidential. Login

to the e-voting website will be disabled upon

five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct

password. In such an event, you will need to go

through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or

“Physical User Reset Password?” option available

on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

3.

In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently

Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and

e-voting user manual for Shareholders available at

the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or

call on toll free no.: 1800-222-990 or send a request

to Ms. Pallavi Mhatre, Manager, NSDL at evoting@

nsdl.co.in or pallavid@nsdl.co.in or at telephone

no. + 91-22-24994545.

v.

Process for those shareholders whose email

IDs are not registered with the depositories for

procuring user ID and password and registration

of email IDs for e-Voting for the resolutions set

out in this Notice:

1.

In case shares are held in physical mode please

provide Folio No., Name of shareholder,

scanned copy of the share certificate (front

and back), PAN (self- attested scanned copy

of PAN card), AADHAR (self- attested scanned

copy of Aadhar Card) by email to RTA at

einward.ris@kfintech.com.

2.

In case shares are held in demat mode, please

provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or

16 digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master

or copy of Consolidated Account statement,

PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN

card), AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of

Aadhar Card) to RTA at einward.ris@kfintech.

com.:

letter dated 14th August, 2020

informing that due to certain personal and

professional reasons he had requested the

Board to change his status from Independent

Director to Non-Executive Non Independent

Director with immediate effect and the Board

acceding to his said request at its meeting

held on 14th August, 2020 he is liable to retire

by rotation.

(b) Nature of his expertise in specific functional

areas

Mr Shishir Lall has over thirty years’ rich

experience in the Corporate World. Starting

his career with Brooke Bond India Limited

(Unilever) as Deputy Regional Manager,

he moved to PepsiCo to handle Sales and

spearheaded

that

company’s

endeavour

to

outstrip

Coke,

through

meticulous

marketplace execution to become India’s No.1

brand of soft drinks. He also held the position

of International Vice President – Franchise

Operations – South Asia Business Unit at

PepsiCo and rose to the position of Executive

Director which post was held by him from 1990

to 1999. He was the president of Zip Telecom

and the: Managing

letter and which satisfies

the conditions specified in Section 42 of the Act.

In terms of the aforesaid provisions, the Members of the

Company had, at the 51st Annual General Meeting held on

18th September, 2019, authorised the Board of Directors

of the Company to offer or invite subscription for non-

convertible debentures in one or more tranches aggregating

upto an amount of `150 Crores (Rupees One Hundred Fifty

Crores only) on private placement basis on such terms and

conditions including security as the Board may, from time

to time, decide in the said year. It may please be noted that

considering the scenario of possible reduction in interest

rates as then prevailing during the financial year 2019-20,

the Company had not made any private placement of non-

convertible debentures pursuant to the authority accorded

by the Members by the resolution passed at the 51st Annual

General Meeting held on 18th September, 2019.

SEBI vide Circular No.SEBI/HO/DDHS/CIR/P/2018/144 dated

26th November, 2018 mandated that large corporates as

defined in the said Circular shall raise not less than 25% of

their incremental borrowings by way of issuance of debt

securities as defined under SEBI (Issue and Listing of Debt

Securities) Regulations, 2008. Non-Convertible Debentures

(“NCDs”) issued on a private placement basis fall within

the definition of debt securities as defined in the said SEBI

Regulations. The Company presently is not falling under

the definition of large corporate as defined in the said SEBI

Circular dated 26th November, 2018. The Company may

however require to augment its long term resources for

financing, its planned or ongoing capital expenditure and for

general corporate purposes and the Company may offer or

invite subscription for secured or unsecured redeemable non-

convertible debentures, in one or more series or tranches

on a private placement basis, issuable or redeemable at par.

CRISIL has assigned AA+/Stable rating to the said proposed

issue of non-convertible debentures by the Company.

The approval of the Members is being sought by way of

a Special Resolution under Sections 42 and 71 and other

applicable provisions, if any, of the Act read with the Companies

(Prospectus and Allotment of Securities) Rules, 2014 to enable

the Company to offer or invite subscription for NCDs on a

private placement basis, in one or more tranches during the

period of one year from the date of passing the resolution at

Item No.12 within the overall borrowing limits of the Company,

as approved by the Members from time to time.:

