Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

To consider and if thought fit, to pass, with or without modification(s),

the following resolution as a SPECIAL RESOLUTION:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 196, 197,

203 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act,

2013, read with Schedule V of the said Act, including any statutory

modification(s) or re-enactment thereof, for the time being in force,

and subject to such approvals as may be necessary, approval of the

members be and is hereby accorded to appointment of Mr. Pitamber

Shivnani (holding DIN 05187407), as: Managing

letter

mentioning your name, folio number and complete address;

and ii) self-attested scanned copy of the PAN Card and any

document (such as Driving Licence, Bank Statement, Election

Card, Passport, AADHAR Card) in support of the address of

the Member as registered with the Company; to the email

address of the Registrars and Share Transfer Agents of the

Company, M/s C B Management Services Pvt. Ltd. rta@cbmsl.

com.

b.

In case shares are held in demat mode, Members may obtain

the login ID and password by sending scanned copy of (i) a

signed request: letter mentioning your name, DP ID-Client

ID (16 digit DP ID + Client ID or 16 digit beneficiary ID); (ii)

self-attested scanned copy of client master or Consolidated

Demat Account statement; and (iii) self-attested scanned

copy of the PAN Card, to the email address of the Registrars

and Share Transfer Agents of the Company, M/s C B

Management Services Pvt. Ltd. rta@cbmsl.com.

5.

Instructions for Members for participating in the 64th AGM

through VC/OAVM are as under:

a.

Members will be able to attend the 64th AGM through VC/

OAVM Facility through the NSDL e-Voting system at https://

www.evoting.nsdl.com under shareholders login by using the

remote e-Voting credentials and selecting the EVEN for the

Company’s 64th AGM. Please note that the Members who

do not have the User ID and Password for e-Voting or have

forgotten the User ID and Password may retrieve the same by

following the remote e-Voting instructions mentioned in the

Notice of the 64th AGM to avoid last minute rush. Further,

Members can also use the OTP based login for logging into

the e-Voting system of NSDL.

b.

Further, Members will be required to use Internet with a good

speed to avoid any disturbance during the meeting.

c.

Please note that Members connecting from mobile devices

or tablets or through laptops etc connecting via mobile

hotspot, may experience Audio/Video loss due to fluctuation

in their respective network. It is therefore recommended to

use stable Wi-Fi or LAN connection to mitigate any kind of

aforesaid glitches.

d.

Members can submit questions in advance with regard to the

financial statements or any other matter to be placed at the

64th AGM, from their registered email address, mentioning

their name, DP ID and Client ID number /folio number and

mobile number, to reach the Company’s email address

company.secretary@ge.com at least 48 hours in advance

before the start of the meeting i.e. by Saturday, September

26, 2020 by 9:30 a.m. IST. Such questions by the Members

shall be taken up during the meeting and replied by the

Company suitably.

e.

Members, who would like to ask questions during the 64th

AGM with regard to the financial statements or any other

matter to be placed at the 64th AGM, need to register

themselves as a speaker by sending their request from their

letter mentioning your folio

number, complete address, email address to be registered

along with scanned self attested copy of the PAN and

any document (such as Driving Licence, Passport, Bank

Statement, AADHAR) supporting the registered address of

the Member, by email to the Company’s Registrars and Share

Transfer Agents email address rta@cbmsl.com

b.

For the Members holding shares in demat form, please update

your email address through your respective Depository

Participant/s.

9.

The Annual Report for the financial year 2019-20 and Notice of

the 64th AGM, will be available on the website of the Company at

https://www.ge.com/in/ge-td-india-limited and the website of BSE

Limited at www.bseindia.com. and on the website of The National

Stock Exchange of India (NSE) at www.nseindia.com. The Notice of

64th AGM will also be available on the website of NSDL at www.

evoting.nsdl.com.

10. The Register of Members and the Share Transfer books of the

Company will remain closed from Tuesday, September 22, 2020

to Monday, September 28, 2020, both days inclusive, for annual

closing and the AGM.

11. Members are requested to note that, dividends not encashed for

a consecutive period of 7 years from the date of transfer to unpaid

dividend account of the company are liable to be transferred to

IEPF. The Company has transferred the unpaid or unclaimed

dividends declared for financial years up to March 31, 2012 from

time to time on due dates, to the Investor Education and Protection

Fund (the IEPF) established by the Central Government.

Pursuant to the provisions of IEPF Rules, all shares in respect of

which dividend has not been paid or claimed for seven consecutive

years shall be transferred by the Company to the designated Demat

Account of the IEPF Authority (“IEPF Account”) within a period of

thirty days of such shares becoming due to be transferred to the

IEPF Account. Accordingly, 81,137 Equity Shares in respect of which

the dividend for the financial ended March 31, 2012 and for the

periods thereafter remained unpaid or unclaimed were transferred

to IEPF Account on September 26, 2019, after following the

prescribed procedure. The Members, whose unclaimed dividends/

shares have been transferred to IEPF, may claim the same by making

an application to the IEPF Authority, in Form No. IEPF-5 available on

www.iepf.gov.in. The Members/Claimants can file one consolidated

claim in a financial year as per the IEPF Rules.

Further, all the shareholders who have not claimed/ encashed

their dividends in the last seven consecutive years from financial

year ended March 31, 2013 are advised to claim the same. In case

valid claim is not received, the Company will proceed to transfer

the respective shares to the IEPF Account in accordance with the

procedure prescribed under the IEPF Rules.

SEBI

(Listing

Obligations

and

Disclosure

Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 mandate Companies to credit the dividend

to the Members electronically. Members are therefore urged

to avail of this facility to ensure safe and speedy credit of their

dividend into their bank account through the Banks’ ‘’Automated

Clearing House” mode. Members who hold shares in demat mode

should inform their Depository Participant, whereas Members

holding shares in physical form should inform the Company at its

Registered Office or to the Registrars and Share Transfer Agents

of the Company, M/s C B Management Services Pvt. Ltd. having its

office at P-22, Bandel Road, Kolkata 700 019 of the core banking

account details allotted to them by their bankers. In cases where

the core banking account details are not made available, the

Company will issue the demand drafts mentioning the existing

bank details available with the Company.

12. To prevent fraudulent transactions, Members are advised to

exercise due diligence and notify the Company of any change in

address or demise of any Member as soon as possible. Members

are also advised to not leave their demat account(s) dormant for

long. Periodic statement of holdings should be obtained from the

concerned Depository Participant and holdings should be verified

from time to time.

13. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has mandated

the submission of Permanent Account Number (PAN) by every

participant in securities market. Members holding shares in

electronic form are, therefore, requested to submit the PAN to

their Depository Participants with whom they are maintaining

their demat accounts. Members holding shares in physical form

can submit their PAN details to the Company.

14. In terms of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015, securities of listed companies

can only be transferred in dematerialised form with effect from

1st April, 2019. In view of the above, members are advised to

dematerialise shares held by them in physical form.

15. Members holding more than one share certificate in the same

name or joint names in same order but under different Ledger

Folios, are requested to apply for consolidation of such Folios and

send the relevant share certificates to the Registrars and Share

Transfer Agents to enable them to consolidate all such holdings

into one single Account.

16. In case the mailing address mentioned on this Annual Report is

without PIN-code, Members are requested to kindly notify their

PIN-codes immediately.:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

of the Company with effect from July 1, 2020 up to December 31, 2022,

in terms of Sections 196, 197 and other applicable provisions, if any, of

the Act read with Schedule V of the said Act and subject to approval of

shareholders of the Company. The Company has also received a notice

in writing from a member signifying his intention to propose him as a

candidate for the office of the Director.

The broad terms of appointment and remuneration of Mr. Pitamber

Shivnani are as under:

1.

Tenure: 2 years and 6 months with effect from the 1st Day of July,

2020 and shall end on 31st day of December, 2022

2.

Remuneration

I.

Annual Fixed compensation:

Annual fixed compensation of Rs. 16,500,000 (Rupees one

crore sixty five lac only) including Flexible components and

Provident Fund, with such increase as may be determined by

the Board from time to time

Flexible components include House Rent Allowance

/ Company leased accommodation entitlement, Self-

Car

Reimbursement,

Conveyance

Allowance,

Medical

Reimbursement, Leave Travel Allowance, National Pension

System (“NPS”), Superannuation, Special Allowance or such

other allowances and benefits as per Company Policy.

II.

Annual Executive Incentive Program:

Annual Executive Incentive Program Pay as 70 % of the

Annual fixed compensation payable as per GE Annual

Executive Incentive Plan Guidelines with such changes as

may be decided from time to time

III.

Benefits

a)

Health Insurance for Self and Family as per Company policy

b)

Life & Personal Accident Insurance as per Company policy

c)

Gratuity over and above Compensation as per Company

policy:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Shivnani is

Key Managerial Person in terms of Section 203 of the Companies

Act, 2013.

Brief profile of Mr. Pitamber Shivnani is as under:

Mr. Pitamber Shivnani, aged 58 years, who was appointed as the Chief

Executive Officer from January 15, 2020 and later appointed as the: Managing

Managing Director & Chief

Executive Officer w.e.f. July 1, 2020

3

Recognition or awards

Mr. Pitamber Shivnani received ABB

Group Global CEO Award in 2010.

4

Job profile and his

suitability

He is the: Managing

letter for re-appointment of Ms. Neera

Saggi as an Independent Director in respect of terms and conditions of

reappointment, duly initialed by the Company Secretary for the purpose

of identification, is available for inspection by the members at the

Reports & Financials section of the website of the Company at http://

www.ge.com/in/ge-td-india-limited.:

Managing Director

& CEO of JSW Energy Ltd from 2012 to 2017. During this tenure, he was

instrumental in the acquisition of two hydro-electric power projects -

Baspa II and Karcham Wangtoo, which marked JSW Energy’s foray in

the hydro power generation sector. Under his stewardship, JSW Energy

grew from strength to strength with installed capacity increasing

almost two folds and profitability growing more than eight times. He

has received various accolades as a CEO in the Power industry including

recognition as the “Best CEO (Power)” & “Power & Energy Persona of

the year”. He has also been an executive Director with several JSW

Energy companies before he demitted office in 2017.

He is an alumnus of Shri Ram College of Commerce, Delhi and holds a

management degree from the University of Delhi.

Electronic copy of the: letter for re-appointment of Mr. Sanjay Sagar

as an Independent

Managing Director

from April 4, 2017, he served as CEO

&: Managing

Managing Director from time to time.

5

Remuneration paid

As Whole-time Director & Chief

Financial Officer, in terms of the

employment, Mr. Negi was paid a

sum of Rs. 9,287,909/- during the

financial year ended March 31, 2020

for which approval of members

is being sought by way of special

resolution.

The

above-mentioned

amount

includes

leave

encashment

at

the end of tenure, contribution to

provident

fund,

superannuation

fund or annuity fund and gratuity

for the year.

6

Comparative

remuneration

profile

with

respect

to

industry, size of the

Company, profile of the

position and person

Considering

the

responsibility

shouldered by him, remuneration

paid to him is commensurate with

Industry standards and Board level

positions held in similar sized and

similarly positioned businesses.

7

Pecuniary relationship

directly

or

indirectly

with the Company, or

relationship with the

managerial personnel,

if any

He does not have any pecuniary

relationship, directly or indirectly,

with

the

Company

except

remuneration drawn as Whole-time

Director & Chief Financial Officer.

He is not related to any managerial

personnel of the Company.

III.

Other information

1

Reasons of loss or

inadequate profits

During the year ended March 31,

2020, revenue of the Company has

decreased by 25% as compared

to year ended March 31, 2019 due

to lower order backlog and book

and bill orders, delay in Customer

projects and COVID-19 lockdown

imposed by government of India

in March 2020, which resulted into

lower recovery of fixed expenses.

Besides lower revenue, the cost

provisions related to impairment of

the carrying value of property, plant

and equipment at its Naini facility,

deferred tax charge due to change

in corporate tax rates, project

cost overruns and provisions also

resulted into the loss during the

year. This has resulted into loss

in terms of Section 198 of the

Companies Act, 2013.

2

Steps

taken

or

proposed to be taken

for improvement

The Company would have been in

profits had the factors as mentioned

in point III (1) above not been there.

3

Expected increase in

productivity and profits

in measurable terms

The Company has healthy order

book, which should result in stable

revenue generation and resulting

profitability

The approval of the members is sought for passing a Special Resolution

as set out at item no. 9 of the Notice for remuneration paid to Mr. Gaurav

M. Negi (DIN 02835748) during financial year ended March 31, 2020.

The Board commends approval of the resolutions set out in Item no. 9 of

the accompanying Notice as a Special Resolution.

Except Gaurav M. Negi himself, none of the directors and key managerial

personnel of the Company or their relatives is concerned or interested,

financial or otherwise, in the resolution set out at Item no. 9 of the Notice.:

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer2

Nagesh Tilwani - Whole-time Director

Gaurav M. Negi - Director3

Kirit S. Parikh - Independent Director

Rakesh Nath - Independent Director

Neera Saggi - Independent Director

Sanjay Sagar - Independent Director4

Stephane Cai – Chairman5

Sunil Wadhwa - Managing Director6

Bhanu Bhushan - Independent Director7

1w.e.f. July 24, 2019

2 CEO w.e.f. January 15, 2020 and MD & CEO w.e.f.

July 1, 2020

3 Ceased to be Whole-time Director & Chief

Financial Officer w.e.f. close of business hours of

September 30, 2019 and continues to be

Non-Executive Director

4 w.e.f. July 1, 2020

5 Retired by rotation at the 63rd Annual General

Meeting held on July 24, 2019

6 Ceased to be Director w.e.f. close of business

hours of September 30, 2019

7 Ceased to be Director w.e.f. July 23, 2019

Committees of Directors

Audit Committee

Rakesh Nath, Chairman

Bhanu Bhushan1

Dr. Kirit S. Parikh

Neera Saggi

Sanjay Sagar2

Gaurav M. Negi2

Vishal K Wanchoo3

Stephane Cai4

1Ceased to be Member w.e.f. July 23, 2019

2Member w.e.f. July 1, 2020

3Member w.e.f. July 24, 2019

4Ceased to be member w.e.f. close of Annual

General Meeting held on July 24, 2019

Stakeholders Relationship

Committee

Rakesh Nath, Chairman1

Vishal K Wanchoo2

Pitamber Shivnani3

Gaurav M. Negi

Sanjay Sagar3

Sunil Wadhwa4

1Ceased to be member w.e.f. July 1, 2020

2from October 1, 2019 to June 30, 2020

3w.e.f. July 1, 2020

4Ceased w.e.f. close of business hours of

September 30, 2019

Corporate Social Responsibility

Committee

Dr. Kirit S Parikh, Chairman

Vishal K Wanchoo1

Pitamber Shivnani2

Gaurav M. Negi

Nagesh Tilwani2

Sunil Wadhwa3

1from October 1, 2019 to June 30, 2020

2w.e.f. July 1, 2020

3Ceased to be member w.e.f. close of business

hours of September 30, 2019

Nomination and Remuneration

Committee

Rakesh Nath, Chairman

Dr. Kirit S. Parikh

Neera Saggi

Sanjay Sagar1

Vishal K Wanchoo2

Bhanu Bhushan3

Stephane Cai4

1w.e.f. July 1, 2020

2w.e.f. July 24, 2019

3Ceased to be Member w.e.f. July 23, 2019

4Ceased to be Member w.e.f. close of Annual

General Meeting held on July 24, 2019

Risk Management Committee

Neera Saggi, Chairperson

Rakesh Nath

Vishal K Wanchoo1

Pitamber Shivnani2

Stephane Cai3

Sunil Wadhwa4

Gaurav M. Negi

1w.e.f. October 1, 2019

2w.e.f. July 1, 2020

3Ceased w.e.f. close of Annual General Meeting

held on July 24, 2019

4Ceased w.e.f. close of business hours of

September 30, 2019

Chief Financial Officer

Sushil Kumar

w.e.f. October 1, 2019

Company Secretary

Manoj Prasad Singh

Auditors

M/s B S R & Associates LLP

Chartered Accountants

Cost Auditors

M/s Shome and Banerjee

Cost Accountants

Secretarial Auditors

M/s VKC & Associates

Company Secretaries

Registrars and Share

Transfer Agents

C B Management Services (P) Limited

P-22, Bondel Road, Kolkata - 700 019

Tel. No. : 91 33 40116700 (100 lines)

Fax No. : 91 33 40116739

Email : rta@cbmsl.com

Bankers

Axis Bank Limited

MUFG Bank, Ltd.

Citibank N.A.

Credit Agricole CIB

Deutsche Bank

HSBC

HDFC Bank

ICICI Bank Limited

IDBI Bank Limited

Standard Chartered Bank

State Bank of India

YES Bank

Corporate Identity Number

L31102DL1957PLC193993

Registered Office

A-18, First Floor, FIEE Complex,

Okhla Industrial Area, Phase II,

New Delhi - 110 020

Tel. No. 91 11 41610660

Website

www.ge.com/in/ge-td-india-limited:

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer *

Mr. Gaurav M. Negi

Director

Mr. Nagesh Tilwani

Whole-time Director

Dr. Kirit S. Parikh

Independent Director

BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL

*Appointed as CEO w.e.f. January

15, 2020 and MD & CEO w.e.f. July

1, 2020

GE T&D India Limited

02

Annual Report

2019-20:

Managing Director

& CEO of JSW Energy

Ltd from 2012 to 2017.

During this tenure, he

was instrumental in the

acquisition of two hydro-

electric power projects

- Baspa II and Karcham

Wangtoo, which marked

JSW Energy’s foray in the

hydro power generation

sector. Under his

stewardship, JSW Energy

grew from strength to

strength with installed

capacity increasing

almost two folds and

profitability growing

more than eight times.

He has received various

accolades as a CEO in the

Power industry including

recognition as the “Best

CEO (Power)” & “Power

& Energy Persona of the

year”. He has also been

an executive Director

with several JSW Energy

companies before he

demitted office in 2017.

He is an alumnus of

Shri Ram College of

Commerce, Delhi and

holds a management

degree from the

University of Delhi.

Mr. Manoj Prasad Singh

has over 23 years of

experience in Company

Secretary function.

He has rich exposure

in handling Boards,

Mergers and Acquisitions,

Takeovers, IPO, Listing,

Joint Ventures, FDI,

Employee Stock Options

and shareholder services.

He has been Company

Secretary of the Company

since October, 2011. Prior

to this, he has worked

with Cairn India, Avantha

Power and LNJ Bhilwara

Group. His responsibilities

include Corporate

and Securities law

compliances, Governance

and Corporate Social

Responsibility activities

of the Company. He is

a fellow member of the

Institute of Company

Secretaries of India (ICSI),

Law Graduate from

University of Delhi and

executive MBA from FMS,

University of Delhi.

Mr. Sushil Kumar has

rich finance experience

of 19 years working

with organizations

like GE, Alstom, Areva

and Schneider. He has

been working with the

Company for the past

10 years and has held

responsibilities in various

finance domains including

commercial finance,

turnkey business, strategy

and business planning.

He has led integration

efforts and drove various

finance initiatives in the

Company. He started his

career as Audit Manager

in M/s A. F. Ferguson &

Co. where he spent three

years before moving to

the power industry. He is

a Chartered Accountant

and an alumnus of the

Shri Ram College of

Commerce, University of

Delhi.

Ms. Neera Saggi

Independent Director

Mr. Sanjay Sagar

Independent Director*

Mr. Manoj Prasad Singh

Company Secretary

Mr. Sushil Kumar

Chief Financial Officer

Mr. Rakesh Nath

Independent Director

*w.e.f. July 1, 2020

GE T&D India Limited

03

Annual Report

2019-20:

Managing Director & CEO of Adani Transmission Limited along with GE and Adani teams

GE T&D Leaders Mr. Ashish Srivastava and Mr. Sunil Singh presenting the latest

advancements in grid technology at ‘The Future of Power’ event in Tamil Nadu

Mr. Mukesh Wadhwa, Marketing Leader, GE

T&D India, presenting latest trends in grid

technology at a power transmission event in

New Delhi

GE T&D India Limited

13:

letter for best execution,

quality and safety.

Also, it is noteworthy to mention that the Company has successfully

commissioned 245 kV switchyard, along with link line, at NHPC, Baira

Siul hydro power plant, one month before scheduled time, despite

several challenges during the execution phase, like heavy snowfall,

challenging roads for materials shipment, 3 separate ground levels,

and so on. The Company also commissioned PGCIL Meerut project

in which 2x245 kV bays were commissioned within the stringent

timeline of 6 months.

During the year, services LTMC business successfully completed the

fourth year of the current contract at the Delhi International Airport

for maintaining the airport’s main power distribution system. The year

also 2019 marked the ninth year, since the Company received the first

contract from DIAL in 2010.

As more and more asset centric organizations are planning to

move from time-based maintenance approach to condition-

based maintenance, GE’s APM (Asset Performance Management)

solution is well equipped with the tools to effectively support these

organizations to prepare advanced strategies in the field of asset

maintenance, asset replacement and risk-aware operation. GE’s APM

provides functions to move from time-based actions to condition-

based actions, by considering the criticality and the risk attached to

each piece of equipment. Overall benefit of GE APM includes reducing

the frequency and the duration of outages by triggering appropriate

preventive and corrective actions, and optimizing maintenance and

asset replacement costs, particularly for ageing infrastructures.

Service business, with presence of APM experts in the region, along with

support from our global service centre of excellence, is at the forefront

of service offered by GE APM solutions to the customers. Satisfied by

the benefits received by implementing APM solution in 2017, Haldia

Energy Limited awarded the “repeat APM order” to GE in 2019.

Our circuit breaker services business successfully completed the

major overhauling of mechanisms of FX and FXT types legacy circuit

breakers (72.5 kV, 145 kV & 400 kV CBs) at PSTCL Patiala, RRVNL

Kota and PGCIL Talcher Sites. M4 maintenance was also carried out

successfully in 400 kV Hydraulic Circuit Breaker at PGCIL, Vizag Sub-

Station. CBR team has provided successful demonstration of Smart

Helmet at GETCO corporate office and Gotri S/S in Vadodara, while

seeking expert opinion from GE expertise located at GE Chennai

& Noida office. One of the highlights of last year was the successful

commissioning of RPH3 for ICT application in 1500 MVA, 765 kV /

400 kV transformers at PGCIL Jhatikara, Lucknow, Balia and Moga.

The work done by power transformer services team in 2018-19

at HVDC converter transformers paid off well in 2019-2020. The

transformer services team repeated history, with completion of major

overhauling of HVDC converter transformers at another site, well

within shut down time, and with compliance to EHS norms.

Network consultancy services successfully conducted multiple

studies for dynamic modelling of solar /wind plants in PSS/e-software

and dynamic studies, for validation of the model as per CEA 2019

guidelines, for various developers in India. The technical institute

hosted trainees from various customers, with power grid reposing

their trust and sending in a large number of trainees during the year.

Directors’

Report

GE T&D India Limited

20

Annual Report

2019-20:

Managing Director & CEO.

The project team restarting work while taking all the precautions at

the Sterlite P K Bari site

Directors’

Report

GE T&D India Limited

24

Annual Report

2019-20:

Managing Director of

the Company, resigned from the Board of Directors with effect from

end of business hours of September 30, 2019, to pursue his other

professional interests outside the Company. Mr. Gaurav Manoher

Negi resigned as Whole-time Director & Chief Financial Officer of

the Company effective from end of business hours on September

30, 2019 to take up responsibility as the Chief Financial Officer for

GE Renewables Onshore Wind, Asia Pacific Region, in addition to

overseeing Grid finance function, India Region. He continues to be a

non-Executive Director on the Board of Directors of the Company.

The Board of Directors of your Company, at its meeting held on June

29, 2020 appointed Mr. Pitamber Shivnani as the: Managing

Letter Policies’

including unethical practices, incorrect or misrepresentation of any

financial statements and reports, any claim of theft or fraud, conflicts

of interest and any claim of unfair employment practices.

Through this procedure employees are encouraged to raise integrity

concerns and feel confident that they can do so without any fear of

retaliation.

The said policy may be accessed under the Corporate Governance

section of the website http://www.ge.com/in/ge-td-india-limited.

NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION POLICY

In terms of the section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Part D of

Schedule II of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 your Company has a

Nomination and Remuneration Policy (‘NRC Policy’). The aforesaid policy

of the Company on director’s appointment and remuneration including

criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes, independence

of directors and other matters is annexed as “Annexure B”.

The policy is available at the website of the Company under the

Corporate Governance Section and can be accessed at http://www.

ge.com/in/ge-td-india-limited.

PERFORMANCE

EVALUATION

OF

BOARD,

COMMITTEES AND DIRECTORS

Your Company has a policy framework for evaluation of the Board of

Directors. Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and

regulation 17 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the

Board has carried out the annual performance evaluation of the

Directors individually including independent Directors, Board as a

whole and of its various committees.

The Independent Directors in terms of Companies Act, 2013 and

regulation 25(4) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, carried

out performance evaluation of non-independent directors, Chairman

Directors’

Report

GE T&D India Limited

33

Annual Report

2019-20:

Managing Director/Whole-time Director

The Company shall appoint/re-appoint any person as its

Executive Chairman,: Managing

managing director or the manager;

b) the Company Secretary;

c) the Whole-time director;

d) the Chief Financial Officer; and

e) Such other officer as may be prescribed under the applicable statutory provisions/regulations.

Directors’

Report

GE T&D India Limited

41

Annual Report

2019-20:

Managing Director and Director effective from end of business hours on September 30, 2019

4 Ceased to be Whole-time Director & Chief Financial Officer effective from end of business hours on September 30, 2019. He continues to be Non-Executive Director.

5 Appointed as Chief Financial Officer w.e.f. October 1, 2019

6 Ceased to be Director w.e.f. July 23, 2019

7 Retired by rotation at the 63rd Annual General Meeting of the Company held on July 24, 2019

a In view of loss in terms of Section 198 of Companies Act, 2013, the independent directors were paid sitting fees only and no commission was paid for the financial year

2019-20.

b Not applicable as the director was either not a director in financial year ended March 31, 2020 or was for part of the year

2.

In the financial year under review, all employee’s median remuneration was H 867,694 and there was a decrease of 1.93% in the median

remuneration of employees.

3.

There were 2637 permanent employees on the rolls of Company as on March 31, 2020.

4.

Average percentage increase made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel in the last financial year i.e. 2019-20

was 1.57%.

5.

It is hereby affirmed that the remuneration paid is as per the Nomination and Remuneration policy of the Company.

Notes:

*Remuneration includes Gratuity, leave encashment at the end of the year, contribution to provident fund and superannuation.

Directors’

Report

GE T&D India Limited

42

Annual Report

2019-20:

Managing Director

3.

Mr. Gaurav M. Negi3

Whole-time

Director & CFO

9,287,909

B. Com, CA

22

June 1, 2016

46

Wipro GE

Healthcare Pvt.

Ltd. - CFO

4.

Mr. Amaresh Singh

Executive - HR

Business

Partnership

12,321,064

LL.B., PGDBM & IR

28

August 1, 2019

53

GE Power India

Limited -

Executive - HR

Business

Partnership

5.

Mr. Vivek Kumar

Pachauri

Senior Leader

- Contract

Management

1,215,415 BE Mech. Engg., PG

Diploma Finance

Management, LL.B.

28

September 22, 2008

50

ALSTOM T&D India

Limited - Senior

Leader - Contract

Management

6.

Mr. Sanjith

Ramachandran

Senior Sourcing

Manager

1,142,882 B.Sc. Maths

25

July 26, 2010

47

Caterpillar India

Pvt Ltd - Country

Transportation

Manager

7.

Mr. Rajmohan

Venkat Raman

Executive

- Business

Operations

1,198,338 BE Mechanical

Engineering,

PGDIM

27

November 1, 2017

49

Marquip India

Pvt Ltd - Senior

Engineer

C.

Particulars of employees employed for part of the financial year under report with an average salary of not less

than Rupees eight lacs and fifty thousand per month

1 Appointed as Chief Executive Officer w.e.f. January 15, 2020

2 Ceased to be: Managing

Managing Director (MD), Whole-Time Directors (WTD) and/or Manager:

(In H)

S.

No.

Particulars of Remuneration

Name of the MD/WTD/Manager

Total Amount

Mr. Sunil

Wadhwa1

Mr. Gaurav

Manoher Negi2

Mr. Nagesh

Tilwani

1.

Gross salary

(a) Salary as per provisions contained in

section 17(1) of the Income-tax Act, 1961

33,079,598

8,446,291

9,367,321

50,893,211

(b) Value of perquisites u/s 17(2) Income-tax

Act, 1961

2,307,614

288,522

260,298

2,856,434

(c) Profits in lieu of salary under section 17(3)

Income-tax Act, 1961

-

-

-

-

2.

Stock Option

-

-

-

-

3.

Sweat Equity

-

-

-

-

4.

Commission (as % of profits, others)

-

-

-

-

5.

Others, (Retiral Benefits)

504,300

533,096

769,992

1,827,388

6.

Total(A)

35,891,512*

9,287,909*

10,397,611*

55,577,032

Ceiling as per the Act

In view of loss during the financial year ended March 31, 2020 (in terms of Section

198 of Companies Act, 2013), the remuneration as proposed for approval by the

shareholders by way of special resolution to the respective director/ KMP is in

terms of Section II of Part II of Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013.

B.

Remuneration to Other Directors:

* Please refer above note in the section “Ceiling as per the Act”.

1 Ceased to be: Managing

managing director, one ex-

executive director and one executive director) of the Company

amounts to Rs. 55.6 million exceeds the prescribed limits

under Section 197 read with Schedule V to the Companies Act,

2013. As per the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the

excess remuneration is subject to approval of the shareholders

of the Company, which the company proposes to obtain in the

forthcoming Annual general meeting.

We further report that

The Board of Directors of the Company has been duly

constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-

Executive Directors and Independent Directors. The changes in

the composition of the Board of Directors that took place during

the period under review were carried out in compliance with the

provisions of the Act.

Adequate notice is given to all directors to schedule the Board

Meetings and Committee Meetings, agenda and detailed notes

on agenda were sent at least seven days in advance and in case

of shorter notice, compliance as required under the Act has

been made by the Company and a system exists for seeking and

obtaining further information and clarifications on the agenda

items before the meeting and for meaningful participation

at the meeting.

All decisions at Board Meetings and Committee Meetings are

carried out with requisite majority of the members of the Board

or committees as the case may be. Further there is no case of

views of the dissenting members as per the recordings in the

minutes of the meetings of the Board or Committee(s) thereof.

We further report that there are adequate systems and process

in the company commensurate with the size and operations

of the company to monitor and ensure compliances with the

applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.

We further report that during the audit period, the Company has

the following events/actions in pursuance of the above-referred

laws, rules, regulations, standards & guidelines:

During the period under review,

i.

Members of the Company at sixty third Annual General

Meeting held on July 24, 2019 have

a.

re-appointed Dr. Kirit S Parikh as an Independent

Director for a second term of five consecutive years

with effect from March 28, 2020 to March 27, 2025.

b.

re-appointed Mr. Rakesh Nath as an Independent

Director for a second term of five consecutive years

with effect from June 1, 2020 to May 30, 2025

c.

accorded their consent to the GE Share Purchase

Plan being offered by General Electric Company, USA

to the Company’s employees; and make provision

of money to such eligible employees who opt to

purchase fully paid up GE shares in accordance with

‘the GE Share Purchase Plan in terms of Section 67(3)

(b) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 16 of

the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules,

2014, being offered to employees of its subsidiary

companies,

Provided that: (i) the purchased shares are held by

trustees for the benefit of the employees; (ii) the

valuation (as may be required)of the shares to be

purchased should be as per the applicable provisions

of the Act and Companies (Share Capital and

Debentures) Rules, 2014; and (iii) the value of shares

to be purchased in the aggregate together with the

money provided by the Company shall not exceed 5%

(five percent) of the aggregate of paid up capital and

free reserves of the Company.

ii.

Mr. Stephane Cai retired by rotation at the 63rd AGM as he

did not seek re-appointment. Mr. Vishal K Wanchoo was

appointed as Director by members of the Company at the

63rd AGM to fill the vacancy caused by the retirement of Mr.

Stephane Cai. He was appointed as Chairman of the Board

by the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting

held on July 24, 2019.

iii.

Mr. Gaurav Manoher Negi resigned as Whole-time Director

& Chief Financial Officer of the Company with effect from

end of business hours on September 30, 2019 as he took

Directors’

Report

GE T&D India Limited

57

Annual Report

2019-20:

Managing Director and Director of the Company with effect from close of business hours on September

30, 2019.

vi.

The Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on November 5, 2019 appointed Mr. Pitamber Shivnani as Chief Executive

Officer (CEO) and Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) of the Company with effect from January 15, 2020.

vii. The Company has executed a Business Transfer Agreement (“BTA”) on December 23, 2019 to sell its undertaking at Naini, Allahabad to

M/s Shirdi Sai Electricals Limited (“Buyer”) consisting of its rights in the leased land, identified movable and immovable properties, as per

the terms of the business transfer agreement, subject to such consents as may be required to close the transaction and satisfaction of

the identified conditions precedent in the BTA.

For VKC & ASSOCIATES

(Company Secretaries)

CS Mohit K Dixit

Partner

Date : June 29, 2020

ACS No. 49021

Place : New Delhi

C P No. 17827

UDIN: A049021B000390186

Note: This report is to be read with our: letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this report.

letter:

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the

management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express

an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as

were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The

verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct

facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the

processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis

for our opinion.

3.

We conducted the secretarial audit by examining the secretarial

records including minutes, documents, registers, other records

and returns related to the applicable laws on the Company etc.

However, due to nationwide lockdown to fight COVID-19, some

of the documents and records mentioned above have been

received via electronic means and as such, could not be verified

from the original’s thereof. The management has confirmed that

the records submitted to us are the true and correct. We have

also relied upon representation given by the management of the

company for certain areas which otherwise requires physical

verification.

4.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of

financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

5.

Whereever required, we have obtained the Management

representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

6.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other

applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility

of management. Our examination was limited to the verification

of procedures on test basis.

7.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to

the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the

affairs of the Company.

For VKC & ASSOCIATES

(Company Secretaries)

CS Mohit K Dixit

Partner

Date : June 29, 2020

ACS No. 49021

Place : New Delhi

C P No. 17827

Directors’

Report

GE T&D India Limited

59

Annual Report

2019-20:

Letter policy cover and reflect GE’s commitment to support the

OECD guidelines for Multinational Enterprises

•

Universal Declaration of Human Rights

•

International Labour Organization’s (ILO’s) Declaration on Fundamental

Principles and Rights at Work

•

Voluntary Principles on Security and Human Rights

•

UN Global Compact and its 10 principles

For a more detailed description of GE’s Integrity policies please refer - https://

www.ge.com/sustainability/

4

Has the policy been approved by the

Board?

If yes, has it been signed by MD/

owner/ CEO/ appropriate Board

Director?

GE T&D India Limited, as a GE Group company, follows the conventions

accepted and approved by GE Global board on social responsibility, responsible

business and sustainability, in alignment with local laws.

1.

Details of Director/Directors responsible for BR

a)

Details of the Director/Director responsible for implementation of the BR policy/policies

1.

DIN

: 07684746

2.

Name

: Mr. Nagesh Tilwani

3.

Designation : Whole-time Director & Head HVS Business

b)

Details of BR head

2.

Principle-wise (as per NVGs) BR Policy/policies

a)

Details of compliance (Reply in Y/N)

Business Responsibility

Report

GE T&D India Limited

70

Annual Report

2019-20:

Letter” policy on ethics, bribery and

corruption covers the Company and all its vendors, contractors,

NGOs and others (anyone who works for or represents GE).

2.

How many stakeholder complaints have been received

in the past financial year and what percentage was

satisfactorily resolved by the management? If so, provide

details thereof, in about 50 words or so.

Your Company is committed to best Corporate Practices based

on the principle of transparency, accountability, fairness and

integrity to create long term sustainable value for its stakeholders.

Your Company has in place Vigil Mechanism (Ombuds and Open

Reporting Procedure) to provide an avenue to all stakeholders

to report concerns, whether actual or potential, about integrity

violations or any violation of law. In addition, your Company has an

internal Code of Conduct namely ‘The Spirit & The: Letter’ (‘S&L’)

which is followed by anyone who works with or represents GE.

All concerns received are thoroughly and objectively investigated

and resolved with appropriate corrective actions.

During the year under review 48 stakeholder concerns were

raised under the GE Open Reporting system out of which, 89.5%

of the cases were resolved.

Principle 2: Businesses should provide goods and

services that are safe and contribute to sustainability

throughout their life cycle

1.

List up to 3 of your products or services whose design has

incorporated social or environmental concerns, risks and/

or opportunities.

a)

Extra High Voltage (EHV) Current Transformer

b)

Extra High Voltage Circuit Breakers

c)

Manufacturing of Conventional Relays

2.

For each such product, provide the following details in

respect of resource use (energy, water, raw material etc.)

per unit of product (optional):

a)

Reduction during sourcing/production/distribution achieved

since the previous year throughout the value chain?

•

EHV Current Transformer: Natural resource savings

would include reduced consumption of oil, wood,

steel, aluminium and copper. Process efficiency

includes less energy (electricity) being used in the

production process.

•

EHV Circuit Breakers: SF6 gas reduction and weight

reduction in steel structures

b)

Reduction during usage by consumers (energy, water) has

been achieved since the previous year?

Nil

3.

Does the Company have procedures in place for

sustainable sourcing (including transportation)? If yes,

what percentage of your inputs was sourced sustainably?

Also, provide details thereof, in about 50 words or so.

a)

The Company has a well-defined supplier selection and

purchasing process covering 100% of the supplier base.

The process is aligning suppliers for Integrity & Compliance

with the local rules and regulations and also with GE quality

standards.

The supplier onboarding process is stringent and is

governed by dedicated compliance team through quality,

process and safety audits (internal and external audits).

The Company also has processes with all direct materials

suppliers called ‘SRG audits’ (Sourcing Reputation

Guidelines). This is deployed to all direct materials suppliers

to ensure stability in supply chain and also to protect GE’s

Reputation.

The supplier contracts are secured with the Company’s

purchasing Terms and Conditions and EHS guidelines

including labor laws and human rights.

The Company has procedures in place for sustainable

sourcing and we verify the conformance through

qualification

audits,

Process

audits

and

Supplier

Responsibility Guidelines audits.

Supplier Regulation Guideline (SRG) procedure are

used to assess the supplier compliance which includes

environmental compliances & excellence. Accordingly,

all suppliers are audited on regular basis as per SRG

guidelines, where compliance to Environment Regulations

and insistence on Environment improvement actions

are assessed. The availability of Environmental legal

permits and actions taken to ensure compliance to permit

conditions are also verified. Other actions to include:

•

GE communicated to all suppliers to prevent usage

of one-time use throw away plastics in the packaging

and working to migrate where permissible;

•

Measures taken to reduce the usage of woods in the

finished goods packing through packing contractors,

actions like migration to steel package from wood is

done for 1 product variant, optimization of package

through re-engineering done;

Business Responsibility

Report

GE T&D India Limited

73

Annual Report

2019-20

Managing Director & CEO w.e.f. July 1, 2020,

has extensive experience of 33

years in the Transmission and

Distribution sector in India. He

was the President of the Power

Products Division of ABB India

from June 2010 to December

2015 and subsequently the

President

of

Power

Grid

Division of ABB India from

January 1, 2016 till October

14, 2019. In this role he was

responsible for its four business

units - Transformers, High Voltage, Grid Automation and Grid

Integration. He also led ABB India’s largest manufacturing

facility in Maneja, Vadodara for almost a decade. He started his

career with ABB in 1987 in the sales and commercial function as

manager in Northern India region and has held roles of increasing

responsibilities across various divisions since then. He played

a major role in the significant expansion of ABB’s transformer

business in India. Also, under his leadership ABB Grid’s business

grew its manufacturing footprint in India by adding new factories

and expanded its product portfolio by adding Ultra High Voltage

products. Mr. Pitamber Shivnani received ABB Group Global CEO

Award in 2010.

He is an Alumnus of Indian Institute of Technology, Roorkee

from where he graduated in Electrical Engineering in 1986. He

has attended Senior Leadership Development Program from

International Institute of Management Development (IMD),

Switzerland and Harvard School of Business, USA.

Mr. Nagesh Tilwani,

aged

47

years,

is

Bachelor

of

Engineering

(Electrical).

He

has 25 years of experience

in the areas of operations,

business development, service

marketing, sales support, client

relationship

management,

techno-commercial

functions,

project coordination and after

sales service support operations

in the core engineering sector.

He has been working with

the Company since 1996 and currently leads the High Voltage

Switchgear (HVS) business of the Company.

Mr. Gaurav M Negi, aged 46 years, has over 22 years of

diverse exposure in the field of Finance, Corporate Governance

and Business Operations. A

Chartered

Accountant

and

Six Sigma Black Belt, he has

been working with General

Electric since 1999 and has held

assignments with progressive

responsibilities both in India

and Internationally. He has

been part of the prestigious

Leadership

Programs

of

General Electric in Finance

and

Executive

Management

and done certificate course

from the Harvard Business

School. Mr. Negi is currently the Chief Financial Officer for GE

Renewables Onshore Wind, Asia Pacific Region. In the past, he

has held the position of Whole-time Director & CFO of GE T&D

India Limited, and prior to joining the Company, he has held

CFO & Senior Finance positions in various GE Joint Ventures &

Business segments gaining a rich exposure in service segments

of Financial Services and Media and technology-based

manufacturing segments of Power, Transmission, Healthcare

and Transportation. His financial expertise includes strategy,

governance, corporate finance, risk management, investor

relations, planning and other domains of finance.

Mr. Vishal K Wanchoo

Chairman

Mr. Pitamber Shivnani

Chief Executive Officer*

Mr. Nagesh Tilwani

Whole-time director

Mr. Gaurav M Negi

Director (Non-executive -

Non-Independent)

*: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

of JSW Energy Ltd from 2012 to

2017. During this tenure, he was

instrumental in the acquisition

of two hydro-electric power

projects - Baspa II and Karcham

Wangtoo, which marked JSW

Energy’s foray in the hydro

power

generation

sector.

Under his stewardship, the

company grew from strength to

strength with installed capacity

increasing almost two folds and

profitability growing more than

eight times. He has received various accolades as a CEO in the

Power industry including recognition as the “Best CEO (Power)”

& “Power & Energy Persona of the year”. He has also been an

executive Director with several JSW Energy companies before

he demitted office in 2017.

He is an alumnus of Shri Ram College of Commerce, Delhi and

holds a management degree from the University of Delhi.

At present, he is on the board of Carroballista Systems Limited

and Agneya Systems Limited.

Mr. Rakesh Nath

Director (Non-executive -

Independent)

Mr. Sanjay Sagar

Director (Non-executive -

Independent)*

*w.e.f. July 1, 2020

Report on Corporate

Governance

GE T&D India Limited

81

Annual Report

2019-20:

Managing Director)4

Executive

5

5

Yes

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A

9

Mr. Bhanu Bhushan5

Non-Executive

Independent

2

0

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

*Audit Committee and the Stakeholders Relationship Committee

1 Appointed w.e.f. July 24, 2019 in place of Mr. Stephane Cai who retired by rotation at the 63rd AGM

2 Ceased to be Whole-time Director & CFO w.e.f. close of business hours of September 30, 2019. He continues to be a Non-Executive Director.

3 Retired by rotation at the 63rd Annual General Meeting of the Company held on July 24, 2019

4 Ceased to be: Managing

Letter” policy which

is available at http://www.ge.com/in/ge-td-india-limited. The

Spirit & The: Letter must be followed by anyone who works

for or represents GE. It provides for official and mandatory

guidelines on key principles and commitment that must be met

by managers, by employees and by the Company as a whole.

During the year, in person training sessions were conducted

by the compliance team on various topics such as improper

payments, fair employment practices, supplier relations and

conflicts of interest. All employees were also assigned online

training modules to become aware of the Company policies.

VIGIL MECHANISM (OMBUDS & OPEN REPORTING

PROCEDURE)

In accordance with Section 177 of the Companies Act, 2013 and

Regulation 22 of Listing Regulations, your Company has a vigil

mechanism “GE T&D India Limited – Vigil Mechanism (Ombuds &

Open Reporting Procedure)”.

Through this procedure all stakeholders, including employees and

directors can report concerns about any actual or potential violation

of law and ‘The Spirit & The Letter Policies’. They are encouraged to

raise integrity concerns and feel confident that they do so without

any fear of retaliation. If a concern raiser faces any retaliation after

reporting a concern or due to supporting an investigation, he/she can

inform the

Managing Director, Chief Financial

Officer and Company Secretary.

The Board at its meeting held on February 7, 2020, approved

amendment in the Policy with respect to constitution of Committee

for Determining Materiality of an Event or Information with

substitution of the words “: Managing

Managing Director and Director w.e.f. close of business hours of September 30, 2019

2Ceased to be Whole-time Director & CFO w.e.f. close of business hours of September 30, 2019. He continues to be Non-Executive Director.

Notes:

(i)

Notice period and severance fees: Two months’ notice or two months’ salary in lieu of notice may be given by the Company; and two months’ notice may

be given by the Executive Directors (or such shorter notice as may be agreed) subject to terms of their employment.

(ii)

Bonus to Executive Directors is paid in terms of the group/ Company policy and is determined based on the performance of the Company and the

Executive Directors is within the limits laid down under Companies Act, 2013.

(iii)

Remuneration to Executive Directors excludes expenditure for compensated leave, as the expense is booked based on actuarial valuation done on a total

Company basis.

B.

Executive Directors

(Amount in J)

Sl.

No.

Name of the

Director

Designation

Salary

Allowances

Bonus

Retiral

Benefits

Others

Perquisites

Total

1

Mr. Sunil Wadhwa1: Managing Director

3,000,000

7,879,598

22,200,000

504,300

-

2,307,614

35,891,512*

2

Mr. Gaurav M. Negi2

Whole-time

Director & CFO

3,290,280

5,156,011

-

553,096

-

288,522

9,287,909*

3

Mr. Nagesh Tilwani

Whole-time

Director & Head -

HVS Business

2,591,304

5,080,611

1,879,800

585,598

-

260,298

10,397,611*

SHAREHOLDING OF DIRECTORS

None of the Directors as on March 31, 2020, holds any equity shares

or convertible instruments in the Company.

CEO/ CFO CERTIFICATION

In terms of Regulation 17(8) read with Part B of Schedule II of Listing

Regulations, the Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Pitamber Shivnani and the

Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Sushil Kumar have given annual certification

on financial reporting and internal controls to the Board. The said annual

certificate given by them is published in this report.

COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

A. Audit Committee

The Company has an adequately qualified and independent

Audit Committee. The composition of the Committee during the

financial year was as under:

Sl.

No.

Name of the

Director

Category

1

Mr. Rakesh Nath

Independent Director-

letter and spirit of the

provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and intends to be a

significant and durable contributor to CSR initiatives in India by

devising and implementing social improvement projects.

In terms of section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 and

Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014,

the Company has Corporate Social Responsibility Committee.

Report on Corporate

Governance

GE T&D India Limited

87

Annual Report

2019-20:

Managing Director – Member

1 Ceased to be member of the Committee w.e.f. close of 63rd Annual

General Meeting held on July 24, 2019

2 Member of the Committee w.e.f. July 24, 2019

3 Ceased to be member of the Committee w.e.f. close of business hours

on September 30, 2019

The Board at its meeting held on June 29, 2020 has also inducted

Mr. Pitamber Shivnani,: Managing

letter dated 13 November 2018.

2.

This certificate contain details of compliance of conditions of corporate governance by GE T&D India Limited (‘the Company’) for the year

ended 31 March 2020 as stipulated in Regulations 17-27, clause (b) to (i) of Regulation 46 (2) and paragraphs C, D and E of Schedule V of the

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’) pursuant

to the Listing Agreement of the Company with the National Stock Exchange of India Limited and the BSE Limited (Collectively referred to as

the ‘Stock Exchanges’).

Management’s Responsibility for compliance with the conditions of Listing Regulations

3.

The compliance with the terms and conditions contained in the corporate governance is the responsibility of the Management of the

Company including the preparation and maintenance of all relevant supporting records and documents.

Auditor’s Responsibility

4.

Our examination was limited to procedures and implementation thereof adopted by the Company for ensuring the compliance of the

conditions of Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial statements of the Company.

5.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Listing Regulations, it is our responsibility to provide a reasonable assurance whether the Company has

complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in Listing Regulations for the year ended 31 March 2020.

6.

We conducted our examination in accordance with the Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes (Revised 2016) (the

‘Guidance Note’) issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (“ICAI’’) and Standards on Auditing specified under Section 143

(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, is so far as applicable for the purpose of this certificate. The Guidance Note requires that we comply with

the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.

7.

We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) I, Quality Control for Firms that

Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance and Related Services Engagements.

Opinion

8.

In our opinion, and to the best of our information and according to explanations given to us and representation provided by the management,

we certify that the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the above-mentioned Listing

Regulations.

9.

We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or effectiveness with

which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Restriction on Use

10. The certificate is addressed to and provided to the Members of the Company solely for the purpose to enable the Company to comply with

requirement of aforesaid Regulations, and should not be used by any other person or for any other purpose. Accordingly, we do not accept or

assume any liability or any duty of care for any other purpose or to any other person to whom this certificate is shown or into whose hands

it may come without our prior consent in writing.

For B S R & Associates LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm registration number: 116231W/W-100024

Manish Kapoor

Partner

Place : Gurugram

Membership number: 510688

Date : 29 June 2020

UDIN : 20150688AAAAAR532

Report on Corporate

Governance

GE T&D India Limited

100

Annual Report

2019-20:

managing director, one ex-executive director and one executive

director) of the Company amounts to Rs. 55.6 million. In view

of inadequacy of profits for the year, the total managerial

remuneration for the financial year exceeds the prescribed

limits under Section 197 read with Schedule V to the Act by

Rs. 55.6 million. As per the provisions of the Act, the excess

remuneration is subject to approval of the shareholders which

the Company proposes to obtain in the forthcoming Annual

general meeting. The Ministry of Corporate Affairs has not

prescribed other details under Section 197(16) which are

required to be commented upon by us.

For B S R & Associates LLP

Chartered Accountants

ICAI Firm registration number: 116231W/W-100024

Manish Kapoor

Partner

Place: Gurugram

Membership No.: 510688

Date : 29 June 2020

UDIN: 20510688AAAAAP2883:

Managing Director /

Chief Executive Officer assisted by an executive committee

from an overall business perspective, rather than reviewing

its products/services as individual standalone components.

Based on the dominant source and nature of risks and

returns of the Company, management has identified its

business segment as its primary reporting format.

2.2.18 Cash flow statement

Cash flows are reported using the indirect method,

whereby profit for the period is adjusted for the effects of

transactions of a non-cash nature, any deferrals or accruals

of past or future operating cash receipts or payments and

item of income or expenses associated with investing

or financing cash flows. The cash flows from operating,

investing and financing activities of the Company

are segregated.

Notes to the Financial Statements

for the year ended 31 March 2020

(All figures in H million, except share data and unless otherwise stated):

Managing Director / Chief Executive Officer assisted by an executive

committee from an overall business perspective, rather than reviewing its products/services as individual standalone components. Thus, the

Company has only one operating segment, and has no reportable segments in accordance with Ind AS - 108 ‘Operating Segments’.

Description

Year ended

31 March 2020

Year ended

31 March 2019

Sale of products

12,539.6

17,175.4

Revenue from execution of contracts for projects and services

18,272.9

23,776.9

Sale of services

724.4

1,157.6

Other operating income

50.1

78.3

Revenue from operations

31,587.0

42,188.2

(i) The entity wide disclosures as required by Ind AS -108 are as follows:

(ii) Geographical Information

Revenue from external customers

Year ended

31 March 2020

Year ended

31 March 2019

India

26,153.7

36,095.6

Other countries*

5,433.3

6,092.5

31,587.0

42,188.1

Non-current assets**

Year ended

31 March 2020

Year ended

31 March 2019

India

9,333.2

8,591.5

Other countries

-

-

*Exports to any single country are not material to be disclosed

One customer accounts for approx. 13% (31 March 2019 two customers account for 35%) of Company’s total revenue from operations.

** Non-current assets exclude financial assets and deferred tax assets.

37. Share based payments

A) Employee share purchase plan (ESPP)

Under the globally designed employee share purchase plan (Plan), all the permanent employees of the Company get an opportunity to buy a

stake in the General Electric Co, USA (being the ultimate holding Company). An employee can invest upto a maximum of 25% of their monthly

salary (eligible for provident fund) in the shares of General Electric Co, USA. The Company makes a matching contribution of 15% on every

purchase made by the employee. All share are bought at market price on the transaction date. The fair value of the share granted under the plan

is determined on the basis of market value of the shares on the grant date. During the year, the following numbers of shares were purchased at

the below mentioned weighted average fair value::

Managing Director) till 30 September 2019

Mr. Vishal K Wanchoo (Chairman) w.e.f 24 July 2019

Mr. Pitamber Shivnani (Chief Executive Officer) w.e.f 15 January 2020

Mr. Stephane Cai (Chairman, Non executive Director) till 24 July 2019

Mr. Gaurav Manoher Negi (Whole time Director and Chief Financal Officer till 30 September 2019).

(Director w.e.f 1 October 2019)

Mr. Nagesh Tilwani (Whole time Director )

Mr. Sushil Kumar (Chief Financial Officer w.e.f. 1 October 2019)

Mr. Bhanu Bhushan (Independent Director) till 23 July 2019

Mr. Kirit S Parikh (Independent Director)

Mr. Rakesh Nath (Independent Director)

Ms. Neera Saggi (Independent Director)

(iii) Fellow subsidiaries with whom transactions have taken place:

Grid Solutions Argentina S.A

Argentina

Grid Solutions SAS - Lebanon Branch

Lebanon

GE Grid Australia Pty Ltd

Australia

GE Power Services (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd

Malaysia

Grid Solutions SAS

Bahrein

GE Power Solutions (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd

Malaysia

Grid Solutions Belgium sprl

Belgium

GE Grid Solutions, S.A. de C.V.

Mexico

GE Digital Energy do Brasil Ltda

Brazil

GE Grid Solutions Maroc

Morocco

GE Energias Renovaveis Ltda

Brazil

GE Nederland BV

Netherlands

Grid Solutions Transmissao de Energia Ltda

Brazil

General Electric International (Benelux) B.V.

Netherlands

Reason Tecnologia S.A.

Brazil

General Electric International, Inc. - Branch - NL

Netherlands

GE Multilin

Canada

GE International Operations (NIG) Ltd

Nigeria

Grid Solutions Canada ULC

Canada

General Electric Philippines, Inc.

Phillippines

ALSTOM Shanghai Instrument Transformers Co.,

Ltd

China

GE Power Sp.z.o.o.

Poland

GE (Wuhan) Engineering & Technology Co., Ltd

China

Grid Solutions Portugal, Lda.

Portugal

GE Grid (Shanghai) Co., Ltd

China

Grid Solutions SAS

Qatar

GE Grid Technology Centre Co Ltd

China

Grid Solutions Romania Srl

Romania

GE High Voltage Switchgear (Suzhou)

China

General Electric International, Inc.

Saudi Arabia

GE Energy Colombia S.A.

Colombia

COGELEX

Saudi Arabia

Grid Solutions for Electrical Networks S.A.E.

Egypt

Grid Solutions Arabia Ltd Co

Saudi Arabia

Grid Solutions Oy

Finland

GE Energy (Singapore) Pte. Ltd

Singapore

GE Steam Power Electronics France (formaly know

as ALSTOM Power Conversion SAS)

France

GE Grid Solutions Pte. Ltd

Singapore

GE IS&T SAS

France

General Electric International, Inc

Singapore

GE Support France

France

General Electric South Africa (Pty) Ltd

South Africa

Grid Solutions SAS

France

Kelman Distributors Africa (Pty) Ltd

South Africa

GE Grid GmbH

Germany

GE Grid Solutions S.A.

Spain

GE Grid Messwandler GmbH

Germany

GE Power Management S.L.

Spain

Notes to the Financial Statements

for the year ended 31 March 2020

(All figures in H million, except share data and unless otherwise stated):

managing director (Mr. Sunil Wadhwa), one ex-executive director (Mr. Gaurav Manoher Negi) and one executive director (Mr. Nagesh Tilwani) amounts to H 35.9 million, H 9.3 million and H 10.4 million respectively, totaling

to H 55.6 million. In view of inadequacy of profits for the year, the total managerial remuneration for the financial year exceeds the prescribed limits under Section 197 read with Schedule V to the Act by H 55.6 million. As

per the provisions of the Act, the excess remuneration is subject to approval of the shareholders which the Company proposes to obtain in the forthcoming Annual general meeting.

* Does not include gratuity and compensated absences as these are provided in the books of accounts on the basis of actuarial valuation for the Company as a whole and hence individual amount cannot be determined.

** Maximum working capital borrowings outstanding taken during the year. H1,630 million.

The Company has established a comprehensive system of maintaining information and documents as required by the transfer pricing legislation under sections 92-92F of the Income-tax Act, 1961. The law requires

existence of such information and documentation to be contemporaneous in nature. Therefore, the Company is in the process of updating the documentation for the international/domestic transactions entered into with

the associated enterprises during the financial year and expects such records to be in existence latest by the due date as required by law. The management is of the opinion that its international transactions are at arm’s

length so that the aforesaid legislation will not have any impact on the financial statements, particularly on the amount of tax expense and that of provision for taxation.:

MANAGING DIRECTOR

OUR GEOGRAPHICAL SPREAD ACROSS INDIA:

