Chairman's message on page 12).

Following a particularly poor safety performance in 2020 and with ongoing concerns around

COVID-19 infections, workplace health and safety were key Board focus areas in 2021.

Many other mining and manufacturing companies experienced similarly worse safety outcomes

in 2020 as COVID-19 disrupted their operating “rhythm” and affected employees’ mental

wellbeing. Our Board appreciated this reality but directed management to take concerted

action to revive our safety culture and put us back on track towards our goal of Zero Harm.

On page 25 we explain how, in 2021, we worked to keep everyone at AECI safe.

To date (April 2022) we have lost 12 colleagues to COVID-19 and many others

have suffered severe illness. Our Board closely monitors how we execute against our

non-negotiable duty of care towards employees, contractors, suppliers and the customers

with whom our people interact. (It is often necessary for our employees to be physically

on our customers’ sites. Increasingly, customers insist that only fully vaccinated suppliers

may visit their premises; this is becoming prevalent, particularly in the mining sector.)

Supply-chain disruptions

Although mobility and economic output recovered, global supply chains continued to

be disrupted. Shipping costs increased sharply (by as much as eight-fold) and there was

a worldwide shortage of containers. We were impacted by a scarcity of many of the raw

materials we consume but we tried to ensure that our customers did not run out of the

products we sell to them. (In the event, we kept almost all customers supplied almost all of

the time, a testament to the strength of our business continuity management systems.)

These customers included the providers of essential services such as water, electricity and

sanitation, as well as the mining sector and farmers.

The cost of most raw materials rose because of supply and logistics constraints and on the

back of stronger crude oil prices, the driver of chemical input prices. To meet our obligations

to customers (and society) we were forced to buy supplies at often elevated prices,

heightening our working-capital requirement. Three-quarters of the more than R1,1 billion

movement in inventory in the year derived from higher costs rather than increased holdings.

In many instances it was not possible to pass the full impact of cost increases on to customers.

Worldwide shortages of inputs and disrupted logistics also affected our customers. Among

them were automotive manufacturers who struggled to obtain components and miners who

faced shortages of spare parts. In South Africa, investment in infrastructure remained limited

as government continued to prioritise pandemic-relief measures. This negatively affected

AECI Much Asphalt.

Economic growth

Although growth was by no means uniform, in 2021 most economies recovered strongly

from the effects of lockdowns and disrupted activity following the advent of the pandemic

the previous year. At 4,9%, South Africa’s GDP growth was similar to the worldwide average

after a sharp contraction in 2020. In other key AECI markets, growth was decidedly mixed

– the USA 5,7%, Germany 2,9%, Australia 4,2% and Brazil 4,6%.

The effects of COVID-19, particularly in 2020, restricted the ability of many businesses to

trade, including some of our own, those of our competitors and adjacent companies.

In 2021, many of our industrial and manufacturing customers experienced a bounce-back

in demand for their products. However, towards the end of the year inflation began to rise

both domestically and internationally and the robust growth witnessed in most countries in

2021 began to lag as governments reduced the scale of fiscal stimulus measures.

2017

0,39

2018

0,58

2019

0,38

2020

0,42

2021

0,23:

Dear Stakeholders

The evolution of the Board of AECI that has been

underway over the last few years has produced a

Board that possesses an exceptional mix of global

sectoral perspectives and specialist skills and

experience. I am extremely proud of the hard work

each and every Board member has done in the

period under review. Since late 2020 and throughout

2021, Directors worked with management to develop

and give effect to our purpose of One AECI, for a

better world.

I am extremely grateful to our Chief Executive, Mark Dytor,

his Executive and management team for their unfailing

willingness to engage in depth and at length with the Board

on our revised Growth Strategy. The result of this intense

interaction is a business that knows exactly where it wants to

go – and how to get there. (You will read, on page 14, what

our revised strategy entails and how we plan to exploit our

multiple strengths and opportunities to achieve that vision.)

New global ambition

At the heart of our revised strategy is the conviction that

AECI will not reach its full potential if it does not expand

beyond South Africa's borders. Our global ambition

is underpinned by the AECI Mining offering but our

ambition is about much more than this. We have products,

services, and unique intellectual capital in all parts of

our business that can make a difference in multiple

geographies and markets.

Our belief that our Growth Strategy will succeed – and do

so soon – was borne out by our creditable 2021 financial

results. The AECI Board is heavily indebted to management

and employees for the efforts and sacrifices they made

under circumstances that were still severely impacted by

the COVID-19 pandemic that began sweeping the globe

in late 2019. One standout achievement in 2021, as was

the case in 2020, was cash preservation which enabled not

just dividend payments to shareholders but also rewards to

employees, to acknowledge their stellar performance under

challenging conditions.

The power of One

The other relevant evolution that has occurred over the

last few years has been the creation of One AECI from its

greater parts. As I noted in this space a year ago, we have

reorganised those parts to the point where today we are

able to offer customers holistic solutions and where we

can truly speak of One AECI. The year 2021 witnessed

continued maturation of the concept of One AECI into a

tangible reality through reorganisation as well as a raft of

improvements across the business. Our digitalisation drive

is also making it much easier for our employees, wherever

they are, to automate routine tasks and to collaborate

better on finding better ways to deliver greater value to

their customers.

Risks and opportunities

Enhancement of risk management, internal controls and

reporting received focused attention during the period

under review, one outcome of the Board’s engagement with

management that I am particularly pleased with. This involved

shifting our approach to risk to increasingly appreciate that

many risks carry with them material opportunities. And so,

I am delighted that a core theme running through this year’s

Integrated Report is how our Group is working to turn the

risks (even threats) facing ourselves, our customers, societies

and the environment into opportunities for growth.

One lingering but very real risk was and remains COVID-19,

which affected our people, processes and operations for a

full 12 months in 2021. The final chapter in the pandemic

saga has yet to be written as the world comes to terms

with the reality that societies have to accept COVID as a

chronic disease that will need to be managed in the long

term. But two years after the onset of the pandemic, AECI

has responded very well to an always unpredictable once-in-

a-lifetime event. Management performed well to keep

their people safe and the response from every level of the

Company was most gratifying.

Here I must pause to mourn the 12 members of the AECI

family who have passed on since 2020 after contracting

COVID-19. We commiserate with those who have suffered

severe illness, and those who have lost loved ones to this

terrible scourge.

From our Chairman:

Dear Stakeholders

In 2020 AECI adapted suddenly and decisively to

a daunting, bewildering challenge few of us had

ever anticipated. We prevailed in that first year of

COVID-19, and we continued to strengthen in 2021.

In the year we report on here, we kept adapting and

we kept working harder than before to combat what

had seemed a frightening multitude of risks – and to

turn many of those risks into opportunities.

One AECI

A great deal of work has now gone into repositioning AECI

as a single, cohesive yet responsive and nimble purpose-

driven business, one that decisively addresses risks and

seizes on opportunities.

Our purpose is One AECI, for a better world and our

vision is to deliver sustainable solutions for this better

world through innovation and excellence founded on good

chemistry. Key focus areas are Better Mining, Better

Water, Better Food Systems and Better Chemicals.

Our better world aspirations are enabled by three strategic

platforms (Zero Harm and Sustainability, Innovation and

Digital) and six related themes (Passionate, purpose-

led people, Customer-centricity, Partnerships and

ecosystems, Business excellence, Growth, and Financial

and risk stewardship).

In our previous Integrated Report, we provided very

limited detail about our evolving Growth Strategy to realise

our purpose. I’m delighted then that, in this 2021 report,

we are able to give you greater insight into this exciting

strategic journey. We can now share evidence of the real

progress we have already made.

Strategic strengths

Whatever strategic steps we take, we will do no harm;

we will constantly pursue new, innovative, better ways to

grow, we will leverage the digital possibilities we possess

and be early adopters.

The future AECI is all about leveraging our unique strengths

– our exceptional intellectual, human and manufactured

capital – to help solve urgent global challenges. Throughout

this report, including on page 16, we begin to unpack how

we are using those strengths to transform AECI and its

ability to contribute to a better world.

Strategic themes

Our strategic undertaking is all about Growth and Business

excellence. By as early as 2025 we aim to have become

a substantially bigger, more diversified, more international

business. One bigger, better AECI.

Another of our strategic themes is Financial and risk

stewardship.

In 2021 we delivered a solid set of financial results, achieving

growth in earnings, Profit from operations, margins and

return on net assets, all of which moved in the right direction.

COVID-19 and its multiple, lingering headwinds deprived us

of a full return to 2019 levels but the overall outcome left us

confident of soon comfortably surpassing our pre-COVID

(2019) performances against all key financial measures. Yes,

our working capital ratio went up but that related mostly to

exponential increases in the costs of raw materials. Positively,

cash preservation in the year was outstanding and we further

strengthened our balance sheet.

I leave it, however, to our outgoing Chief Financial Officer,

Mark Kathan, to give some detail in his report on how,

in 2021, we exercised financial responsibility and how

we substantially improved our management of risk and

opportunity. From page 21, Mark also touches on the strides

we are making to improve our reporting to all stakeholders on

meaningful, transparent financial and non-financial metrics.

Behind the encouraging top-line results were solid

performances by all our pillars. Again, I don’t intend to

duplicate the content in this report and so direct your

attention to the discussion of our four strategic pillars’

outcomes, their impact (both positive and negative) and

their prospects, beginning on page 30.

I am tremendously encouraged by the performance of our

teams across the world, to consistently raise the bar on

the third of our strategic themes, Business excellence. In

this report, we provide a tangible sense of what our people

have had to deal with: customers whose businesses were in

From our Chief Executive:

Dear Stakeholders

In 2021, AECI successfully navigated through three

waves of COVID-19, overcoming significant global

supply chain challenges and higher commodity prices

to ensure the reliable supply of our diverse range

of quality products and services to customers in

markets around the world.

Amid high input costs, the impact of supply chain

disruptions on working capital and a stronger average

rand affecting hard currency earnings, we reported

robust financial results, demonstrating the benefits of

our diversification, agility and strategic pillar structure.

Supporting strategic delivery

Guided by our Growth Strategy, we focused on

delivering on the key strategic theme of Financial and

risk stewardship. We embarked on a process to reach a

leading financial maturity.

This informed the acceleration of numerous projects,

each with a finance “champion”, to reach our desired

level of financial maturity within the next few years. The

initiatives include special attention to enhancing our

learning and focusing on better systems, better working

capital, improved reporting and an enhanced budgeting

process. To monitor our progress, we are building relevant

dashboards and closely tracking associated KPIs.

Notable among our achievements was the development

and approval of a combined assurance model, including

the appropriate management governance structures.

Combined assurance

Combined assurance supports the integrity of reporting,

underpinning the effective control environment which is

essential to good governance. In the year, the Group made

numerous enhancements to our Enterprise Risk Management

framework and our overall risk environment in six key areas:

transactional; cost and management accounting; business

decision-making; governance and regulatory; combined

assurance; and talent management.

Digital

In terms of our Digital journey, we have embarked on a

business transformation programme we call OneWorld.

It supports our Growth Strategy by bringing together our

businesses on a single ERP platform, collapsing operational

silos and encouraging congruence. We are leveraging

technology to enhance efficiency, reduce cost, promote

customer and people engagement and to improve our digital

maturity. It lays the foundation for our digital future through

the implementation of SAP. The vision is to deliver to

business the ability to operate as a single, customer-centric

enterprise by enabling Group-wide integration through a

central transactional platform, underpinned by consistent,

process-driven ways of working across functions, markets

and geographies.

OneWorld will facilitate a common way of working through

a common ERP platform. It will implement a single

instance of SAP, thus standardising business processes to

a shared, leading practice standard. This will allow future

automation, enhance the operating model through end-to-

end process ownership and prepare AECI for the Fourth

Industrial Revolution technologies that will revolutionise

manufacturing and supply chains in future.

It enables a single “source of the truth” through the common

SAP ERP system and through a centrally governed set

of master data. Standardised data definitions empower

decision-makers, capacitate in-depth analytical capabilities

and enhance predictability and forecasting.

From our Chief Financial Officer

Revenue

+8% to

R26 053m

Foreign and export

revenue: 41% of

total revenue

Cash

generated

from

operating

activities

R1 467m

Profit from

operations

+124% to

R2 052m

Net debt:

EBITDA

<1

HEPS

+27%

to 1 116

cents per

share

EBITDA

+5% to

R3 091m

Gearing

24%

(1H21: 27%

FY20: 22%)

Financial performance

Mark Kathan

Chief Financial

Officer:

Managing Director of two Chemserve

companies and Chairman of others. He was appointed to Chemserve’s Executive Committee

in 1998 and subsequently to its Board.

Mark Kathan

Chief Financial Officer

(Born 1970)

CA(SA), AMP (Harvard)

Mark joined AECI as CFO in 2008. In addition to overall responsibility for Finance and

Treasury, he oversees AECI’s Corporate Communications and Investor Relations, Internal

Audit and IT functions as well as its Retirement Funds. He also plays a leading role in M&A

activities and is Chairman of AECI Schirm and AECI Property Services. Until the end of

2021, he was Chairman of AECI SANS Fibers.

Mark was appointed Chief Executive of AECI Mining in 2022. AECI Mining is the Group’s

largest and most international business. Mark will relinquish his CFO responsibilities once

Aarti Takoordeen takes over in May 2022.

Mark’s career has included his time as Financial Director for South Africa and Africa at

Nampak, where he also served on the Group Executive Committee.

Our Group Executives:

Managing Director of three

Group businesses. He left AECI

in 2011, returning in 2015 as

a member of the then AECI

Chemicals Executive. He was

appointed to the AECI Executive

Committee in 2018.

Aarti Takoordeen

(Born 1980)

CA(SA) AMP (Harvard)

Aarti Takoordeen will join the

Group as CFO and Executive

Director with effect from

20 May 2022. In addition

to these roles, her extended

portfolio will include M&A, IT,

Enterprise Risk Management,

and Strategic Projects. Aarti will

be appointed Chairman of AECI

Property Services.

She has served as Group CFO

and Executive Director of the

JSE for the past nine years.

Prior to the JSE, she held Executive

roles at Johnson Controls

International and Hewlett-Packard

across the Middle East and Africa.

She was named a Young Global

Leader by the World Economic

Forum.

Our Group Executives continued

John Mahlase

(Born 1961)

B. Admin (Hons), Advanced

Diploma in Labour Law

John joined the Group in 1995.

He is currently the Human Capital

Executive for AECI Mining.

During his career, John has

served in several roles including

Group Industrial Relations

Manager, Group Human

Resources Manager and Group

Transformation Manager.

John joined the Group Executive

Committee as Acting Group

Executive: Human Capital in April

2022 following the resignation of

Candice Watson.:

Dear Stakeholders

This report is provided by the Social and Ethics

Committee (the Committee) appointed in respect

of the 2021 financial year of AECI Ltd. This report

incorporates the requirements of Regulation 43

of the Companies Act.

The Committee executed its work in line with

its terms of reference and its 2021 work plan.

Membership

Three meetings were held in the year (page 50).

Committee members in the year were:

•FFT De Buck (Chairman)

•R Ramashia

•P O’Brien: Message from the

