Letter from the Chairmen of the Remuneration &

Nominations Committee: Dear shareholders

On behalf of the Committees, we present the 2021 remuneration report. This

report highlights Afrimat’s remuneration philosophy and policy and illustrates

how the policy has been implemented, disclosing payments made to non-

executive and executive directors during the year.

In line with the King IV™ Report on Corporate Governance for South Africa,

2016 and our commitment to fair and responsible remuneration, our policies

are reviewed annually to ensure that Group remuneration and recruitment is

aligned with the overall business strategy, with the aim of enabling Afrimat to

attract and retain personnel who will create long-term value for all

stakeholders.

The Company is committed to shareholder engagement on its remuneration

policy and its consistent implementation in order to maintain a strong

relationship with our shareholders. We will continue to improve policies and

practices to be aligned with remuneration developments in local and global

best practices but also more importantly aligned with Afrimat’s strategy and

values.

Both the Company’s remuneration policy and its implementation report

thereon will again be presented to shareholders for separate non-binding

advisory votes at Afrimat’s 2021 AGM. In the event that 25% or more of

shareholders vote against either the remuneration policy or the

implementation report at the meeting, Afrimat will engage with such

shareholders through dialogue, requesting written submissions or otherwise,

in order to address their concerns, always with due regard to meeting the

Company’s stated business objectives while being fair and responsible

toward both the employees and shareholders.

Focus areas for FY2022

Employee development remains

a critical item and we will

continue to enhance our

communication and focus on fair

pay principles across the Group

Sound shareholder

engagement to

ensure a balanced

and healthy

relationship

Attract and retain

personnel who will

create long-term

value

Continued focus on a

healthy culture

Afrimat integrated annual report 2021

53

letter to participants annually.

The achievement of the performance conditions for the SAR vesting during the year is as follows:

Performance measure

Targets

Target year three

HEPS growth of cumulative CPI for the three-year performance period + 6% from base year

Target year four

HEPS growth of cumulative CPI for the four-year performance period + 8% from base year

Target year five

HEPS growth of cumulative CPI for the five-year performance period + 10% from base year

Forfeitable share plan (‘FSP’)

A FSP is in place as a long-term incentive for selected employees to

encourage delivery of the Group’s business strategy and to serve as a

retention mechanism.

Forfeitable shares are awarded annually to executive directors, senior

executives and senior managers based on achieving individual performance

objectives for the year under review. The performance objectives relate to

specific KPIs identified per individual and their respective overall performance

thereon. The FSP currently has nine (2020: seven) participants. A forfeitable

share award vests after a period of three years. Forfeitable share awards will

be forfeited if the participant leaves employment during the restricted period

(except if the participant is a ‘good leaver’ under the scheme rules).

Participants become beneficial owners of the forfeitable shares on the date

of the award. Beneficial ownership affords the employee full shareholder

voting rights and full rights to any dividends declared.

The shares are held by a Central Depository Participant (‘CSDP’) on behalf of

the employee during the time of the vesting period and the employee will not

be able to dispose of the shares before the vesting date.

The FSP provides for the delivery of full shares (performance and/or

restricted shares) on grant. The shares are subject to forfeiture and disposal

restrictions and are held on behalf of a participant until it vests. A participant

will have all other shareholder rights (i.e. dividends and voting rights) from

grant date. Overall levels of FSPs granted are reviewed annually in

accordance with market best practice. The number of FSPs granted to

participants is based on the participant’s total cost of employment (‘TCOE’),

grade, performance, retention requirements and market benchmarks.

Every qualifying position will be capped in terms of the maximum total

FSPs. The vesting period of the FSP is three years. For early termination of

employment (based on resignation, dismissal) all unvested FSPs will lapse,

but for good leavers (disability, death, retrenchment, etc.) unvested FSPs

will vest pro rata based on time employed.

Refer to limits set in aggregate with the SAR scheme as presented above.

Short-term variable incentives

The short-term incentive bonus scheme (‘STIBS’) is discretionary and is

linked to the achievement of targets led by the short-term performance target

of headline PBIT. Bonuses are paid proportional to TCOE relative to

achievement of financial and operational targets.

Bonuses are created after the achievement of predefined targets aligned to

the Group’s strategic plan. Bonuses are increased in value as threshold,

target or stretch targets are attained. Bonuses are capped at the following

percentages of TCOE:

Grades (Typical

Paterson Band)

Category

Bonus cap

Performance

rating

F U

Group CEO

On-target 77%

96%

Stretch 23%

100%

F L

Group Executive

Directors

On-target 47%

100%

Stretch 33%

100%

All bonuses paid are subject to approval by the Board on recommendation of

the Remuneration & Nominations Committee.

STIBS is based on performance of FY2021.

Pledged securities

In compliance with 3.64(h) the following is being disclosed to shareholders.

A number of 4,1 million Afrimat ordinary shares held by directors were

pledged as a guarantee for a medium-term loan of R3,5 million.

HEPS performance – SARs

0

50

100

150

200

250

300

350

400

450

500

Target HEPS

Actual HEPS

441,7

213,0

HEPS (cps)

Vesting of Grant 13 SAR allocation

The performance conditions for the Grant 13 SAR allocation vesting on

4 November 2021 were tested to determine if vesting had been achieved.

The performance condition for SARs is HEPS growth of cumulative CPI plus

6% over the three-year performance period. The graph shows the target

HEPS, which is required for the full vesting of the May 2018 SAR, against,

adjusted HEPS. Actual HEPS achieved was 441,7 cps, 107,4% above the

target HEPS of 213,0 cps. Based on the outcome, the November 2018

allocations will vest and are exercisable as from 5 November 2021,

subsequent to approval by the Remuneration & Nominations Committee.

56

GOVERNING OVERVIEW

Afrimat integrated annual report 2021:

managing director/

senior consultant at Tsukudu Associates and a partner/senior consultant at CRG PPS. She has extensive

experience in organisational development, human resources management and human resources

development in the public and private sectors. She has more than 25 years’ experience as an

independent consultant and more than 10 years as a community development practitioner working in

the development and education arena. She continues to hold a number of board positions.

The reason for ordinary resolutions numbers 2 to 3 (inclusive) is that the memorandum of incorporation

of the Company, the JSE Limited Listings Requirements (‘JSE Listings Requirements’) and, to the

extent applicable, the Companies Act require that a component of the non-executive directors rotate at

every annual general meeting of the Company and, being eligible, may offer themselves for re-election

as directors. Further to the above, it should be noted that Mr Hendrik (Hennie) JE van Wyk, who served

on the board of directors of the Company (‘Board’) since 2006, retires by rotation in terms of the

memorandum of incorporation of the Company, and, although eligible, is not available for re-election.

The Board has decided not to fill his position at this stage.

3.

RE-APPOINTMENT OF THE MEMBERS OF THE AUDIT & RISK COMMITTEE OF

THE COMPANY

Note:

For avoidance of doubt, each reference to the Audit & Risk Committee of the Company is a reference to the

audit committee as contemplated in the Companies Act.

3.1

Ordinary resolution number 4

‘Resolved that Mr Loyiso Dotwana, being eligible, be and is hereby appointed as a member of the Audit

& Risk Committee of the Company, as recommended by the Board, until the next annual general

meeting of the Company.’

Afrimat integrated annual report 2021

127:

Managing Director and CEO of the highly successful Victoria &

Alfred Waterfront Proprietary Limited in Cape Town, when he left to start his own company, DVDM

Properties Proprietary Limited (that also operated in the People Spaces group until 2014), both offering

international property development management and consulting services. Prior to that, he was an

executive director within various companies in the Stocks & Stocks construction group of companies.

Derick is also a non-executive director of PNA Stationers Proprietary Limited and served as non-

executive on a few other boards and trusts. Derick was appointed to Afrimat’s Board in August 2014.

Derick was appointed as Chairman of the Audit & Risk Committee in May 2019.

3.4

Ordinary resolution number 7

‘Resolved that, subject to the approval of ordinary resolution number 2, Mr Francois M Louw, being

eligible, be and is hereby re-appointed as a member of the Audit & Risk Committee of the Company, as

recommended by the Board, until the next annual general meeting of the Company.’

A summary curriculum vitae of Mr Francois M Louw (Francois) has been included in paragraph 2.1

above.

3.5

Ordinary resolution number 8

‘Resolved that Mr Marthinus (Matie) W von Wielligh, being eligible, be and is hereby re-appointed as a

member of the Audit & Risk Committee of the Company, as recommended by the Board, until the next

annual general meeting of the Company.’

Summary curriculum vitae of Mr Marthinus W von Wielligh (Matie)

BSc (Mech Eng) (University of Pretoria), MBA (Stellenbosch University), Stanford Executive Programme

(Stanford University, USA)

Matie has more than 40 years’ professional experience in the mining industry. He has extensive

engineering, operational and business experience. He currently consults on business strategy, new

business development, operational improvement, capital efficiency, feasibility studies and project

management. Previously, at Iscor Mining Limited and Kumba Resources Proprietary Limited, he served

in various management and senior management positions before becoming: managing director of

Sishen Iron Ore Company. Matie holds other directorships and is a non-executive

letter of representation from their CSDP or broker to

participate in and/or vote at the AGM electronically.

The Company cannot guarantee there will not be a break in electronic communication that is beyond the control of

the Company.

NOTICE OF AGM (CONTINUED)

Afrimat integrated annual report 2021

133:

Managing Director

‘MQA’

Mining Qualification Authority

‘NEMA’

National Environmental Management Act, 1998

‘Nkomati’

Nkomati Anthracite Proprietary Limited

‘NOSA’

National Occupational Safety Association (South Africa)

‘previous/prior

year’ or ‘FY2020’

Year ended 29 February 2020

‘SAR’

Share Appreciation Right

‘SARS’

South African Revenue Service

‘SARMA’

South African Readymix Association

‘SENS’

Stock Exchange News Service, the regulatory information dissemination platform of the JSE

‘SHE’

Safety, Health and Environment

‘SHEQ’

Safety, Health, Environment and Quality

‘year’ or ‘year

under review’ or

‘FY2021’

Year ended 28 February 2021

Financial definitions

‘CAGR’

Compound annual growth rate

‘FY’

Financial year ending February

‘IFRS’

International Financial Reporting Standards

‘HEPS’

Headline earnings per share

‘NAV’

Net asset value

‘PAT’

Profit after tax

‘PBIT’

Profit before interest and tax

‘ROE’

Return on equity

‘ROI’

Return on investment

‘RONA’

Return on net operating assets

Afrimat integrated annual report 2021

139:

