letter

P14

Corporate governance

(including board and leadership)

P16

OPERATING CONTEXT

Our external operating environment

P26

Integrated stakeholder engagement

P32

Managing our risks and opportunities

P40

STRATEGIC RESPONSE AND DELIVERY

CEO’s review and outlook

P48

Executive Committee

P51

Our strategy – an overview

P52

Performance and delivery by strategic

focus area

• • People, safety, health and sustainability

P55

• • Ensure financial flexibility

P64

• • Optimise overhead, costs and

capital expenditure

P66

• • Improve portfolio quality

P68

• • Maintain long-term optionality

P70

Regional performance

P72

Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve –

summary

P78

Exploration and planning for the future

P84

VALUE CREATED, PRESERVED

AND GROWTH

CFO’s report and outlook

P86

Financial review

P97

Economic value-added statement

P100

Value by stakeholder

P102

REWARDING DELIVERY

Remuneration report

P107

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION

Forward-looking statements

P145

Administration and corporate information

P146

Our 2021 reporting suite, together with supporting

financial, operational and sustainability data, is

available at: www.aga-reports.com

Stakeholder feedback

We welcome feedback on our reporting. Should you have any

comments or suggestions on how we could improve the quality

of our reports, contact our investor relations team at:

investors@anglogoldashanti.com

OUR 2021 SUITE OF REPORTS

INVESTING

INTEGRATED REPORT 2021

in the future

INVESTING

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2021

in the future

INVESTING

in the future

MINERAL RESOURCE AND ORE RESERVE REPORT

AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2021

16 March 2022

INVESTING

NOTICE OF MEETING 2021

in the future

INVESTING

SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2021

in the future

<NOM>

Notice of Annual General Meeting and

Summarised Financial Information

(Notice of Meeting)

<SR>

Sustainability

Report

Reporting

website

<R&R>

Mineral Resource and

Ore Reserve Report

<IR>

Integrated Report

<AFS>

Annual Financial

Statements

At AngloGold Ashanti, we are committed to transparent, informed

and consistent reporting to a broad range of stakeholders. Our

2021 reports communicate the challenges facing our business

and progress made to date in delivering on our strategic objectives

and in creating value.

Our 2021 reports are:

Navigating our <IR>

This document is an interactive pdf

with all active hyperlinks indicated

by orange, italic font.

IN THE FUTURE

INVESTING

OUR VALUES

Safety is our

first value.

We treat each

other with dignity

and respect.

We are accountable

for our actions and

undertake to deliver on

our commitments.

We want the

communities and

societies in which we

operate to be better off

for AngloGold Ashanti

having been there.

We value

diversity.

We respect

the environment.

Our reporting theme

Our ongoing investments are aimed at extending the lives of our

mines and enhancing operating flexibility by ensuring a long-

term Ore Reserve pipeline to underpin production and sustain

AngloGold Ashanti in the long-term.

This investment programme has been supplemented by a new

Operating Model aimed at improving effectiveness, eliminating

inefficiency, enhancing performance and flexibility, and ensuring

clear accountability for delivery on commitments. This Operating

Model prioritises improved operating outcomes and consistency

that will enhance AngloGold Ashanti’s valuation and position in

the sector throughout the commodity cycle.

“We must put in place the right foundation for long-term

success, and the most crucial part of that is an Operating Model

which prioritises efficiency, agility and accountability,” said CEO

Alberto Calderon. “My immediate aim is to ensure that we have

the right people, in the right places, making the right decisions,

to provide better outcomes.”

AngloGold Ashanti is an

independent, global gold mining

company with a diverse, high-

quality portfolio of operations,

projects and exploration activities

across nine countries on four

continents.

We pursue value-creating

opportunities involving other

minerals, where we can leverage

our existing assets, shareholdings,

skills and experience.

Note:

• • AngloGold Ashanti, the Company or the Group refers to AngloGold Ashanti Limited

• • Unless otherwise indicated, $ or dollar refers to the US dollar throughout

• • All information is attributable unless otherwise specified

• • Metric tonnes (t) are used throughout, and all ounces are troy ounces

• • Rounding of numbers may result in computational discrepancies

AngloGold Ashanti Limited <IR> 2021

AngloGold Ashanti Limited <IR> 2021

1:

LETTER

Maria Ramos

Chairperson: Dear Stakeholders,

The terrible invasion of Ukraine by Russia, the continuing presence

of COVID-19, worldwide inflation and the risk of stagflation, present

a complex environment that we must continue to navigate.

With over two million refugees, countless civilian casualties and

many millions internally displaced, it is hard to quantify the social,

humanitarian and economic costs inflicted on the people of Ukraine.

The early estimates of economic costs are huge. The impact on

global supply chains from the conflict will become clearer over time.

Fragile recovery

In January 2022, the IMF’s World Economic Outlook Report pointed

to rising COVID-19 caseloads due to the Omicron variant, along with

mobility restrictions and rising inflation, all signalling a ‘disrupted

recovery’ in the global economy. This will be compounded by the

Ukraine conflict and the impact on energy prices as countries reassess

energy dependency and contemplate the shift to other markets.

In the immediate aftermath of the invasion, commodity prices

soared to levels not seen in years, or in some cases, ever. Gold has

been a beneficiary, touching near-record levels of $2,060/oz in early

March 2022. Prices for oil, copper and aluminium spiked. So, too,

did prices of commodities such as wheat and corn.

Inflation, which was already a concern at the end of 2021, is

forecast to increase further, posing a more material risk for the

global economy and our business. Commodity shortages and the

subsequent second and third-order effects of rising prices, are likely

to have far reaching consequences such as food shortages and

hunger in many parts of the world.

COVID-19

The direct toll of COVID-19 has been staggering, with almost six

million deaths reported from more than 400 million cases. The true

number is likely far higher.

In addition to high levels of absenteeism caused by illness and

quarantine requirements, border closures and travel bans changed

normal patterns of labour mobility.

In Western Australia, with some of the world’s toughest

restrictions, mining skills became harder to find as out-of-state

workers were shut out by a hard border shutdown. Iron ore

producers in Australia and Brazil, cash flush from a run of record

prices, paid premiums to attract scarce skills. As with many of our

gold-producing peers, the resultant wage inflation eroded margins

and the vacancies hurt efficiency.

Mining was not the only sector affected by changing labour

trends and rising input costs. Global supply chains experienced

a range of challenges which caused delays and added to

inflationary pressures.

A resilient organisation in transformation

These exogenous shocks and our difficulties dealing with many

of the disruptions they brought last year highlighted the need for a

more competitive, agile and resilient business.

Our new CEO, Alberto Calderon, who joined in September 2021, has

introduced a new Operating Model designed to achieve just that

– a more agile and robust organisation, better able to deal with an

increasingly unpredictable operating landscape.

This new Operating Model, detailed elsewhere in this report, greatly

simplifies the organisational structure, eliminates duplication,

ensures the operating mines are appropriately resourced, and

ensures clear accountability for the safe and responsible delivery of

our commitments. The board strongly endorses these objectives.

As ever, AngloGold Ashanti’s values will continue to be a lodestar

in dictating our actions and our interventions – not only in

response to COVID-19 and its aftermath, but in every aspect of

how we do business.

Gold market

We’ve seen gold fulfilling its role as a haven in times of uncertainty

and inflation. The ongoing conflict and negative real interest rates

are also supportive for gold.

Notwithstanding this positive sentiment in the gold price, it remains

a time for disciplined capital allocation. Tight cost management

and overall efficiency improvement are key areas of emphasis for

the board and the executive, given the inflationary pressures already

evidenced in the business.

Leadership

We are pleased to have someone of Alberto’s calibre and experience

to lead the business through the next phase of our development.

The board is fully supportive of the strategy, including the redesign

and implementation of the new Operating Model, which creates a

foundation for ensuring operating excellence.

Chief Financial Officer Christine Ramon has chosen to take early

retirement in June of this year, and a thorough process to find

and appoint her replacement has begun. I extend the thanks of

the board to Christine for her exemplary service to the Company,

including her stewardship through a challenging environment during

the year she served as Interim Chief Executive Officer. Similarly,

Ian Kramer was exemplary in his role as Interim Chief Financial Officer.

Other changes to the leadership team, detailed in the Remuneration

Committee Chairperson’s letter to shareholders, have deepened

the experience of the Company’s executive as it works to close the

valuation gap with our peers.

The board welcomed Scott Lawson as its newest non-executive

director on 1 December 2021. Scott was Executive Vice President

and Chief Integration Officer for Newmont Corporation until January

2020. Prior to this, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief

Technology Officer and in other senior technical roles at Newmont

and Rio Tinto over more than 30 years. His depth and breadth of

technical experience will add significant value to our business.

Business performance

The most serious setback during the past year was the sill-pillar

failure at Obuasi, in May 2021, which caused a fatality and led us to

voluntarily suspend underground production for the remainder of

the year while remedial actions were undertaken.

Daniel Nuertey-Kwao Quaynortey died in that incident, while a

fall-of-ground in February 2021 at our Serra Grande mine in Brazil

claimed the life of Carlos Machado Barbosa. I offer my sincerest

condolences to their families and loved ones and offer my

assurance that concrete steps have been taken to improve safety

and eliminate injuries from our mine sites. There is no higher priority.

The stoppage at Obuasi compounded a series of challenges

experienced elsewhere in the business during the year. In addition

to skilled labour shortages and rising inflation, COVID-19 affected

production and costs, while a complex and expensive investment

in converting our TSFs in Brazil to dry-stacking facilities also

contributed to lower production and narrower margins.

Although these operating and cost disappointments led to a

revision of guidance in August 2021, our mines staged a recovery

in the second half of the year. The business ended the year

generating a cash surplus of $104m after more than replacing the

Ore Reserve, self-funding a significant reinvestment programme

and funding 2021’s final dividend declaration. A total dividend of

20 US cents a share was declared for 2021, in line with our policy.

The balance sheet remains robust.

Environment, social and governance

The board and our leadership are focused on continued

improvement in our ESG performance. While significant progress

was made across a broad front this year, we realise much remains

to be done, including to reach the board’s own targets on diversity

and inclusion.

The approval of our Climate Change Strategy in November 2021

was an important milestone. So, too, was the publication in

December 2021 of our first Climate Change Report, aligned with the

recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial

Disclosures, and which details our approach to dealing with the

impacts of a changing climate on our business.

Notwithstanding the 69% reduction in absolute greenhouse gas

emissions since we first set targets with 2007 as the baseline

year, we are focused on ensuring further improvements. A new

decarbonisation target for 2030 is in the works which will provide

a key milestone to meeting our commitment of reaching net zero

Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2050.

Host community expectations will continue to grow as the

pandemic lingers and commodity prices rise. We will remain in a

constructive dialogue with these stakeholders to better understand

their expectations and how we can help in meeting them.

Our contributions to communities stem not only from our vibrant

programme of direct corporate social investments, but also from

ensuring we have a robust, profitable business that pays taxes,

buys local goods and employs nationals in our host countries. Our

Economic value-added statement provides useful detail on how we

measure up in each of these areas.

Looking to the future

As we look toward 2022 and beyond, we expect to see the benefits of

the changes in leadership and operational improvement efforts. We

are confident that Obuasi will demonstrate its qualities as a Tier One

asset as we continue to ramp up and complete the last phase of the

expansion project. We see new opportunities arising at our Nevada

assets to build an additional operational pillar in a proven jurisdiction.

Thanks

I extend my personal thanks to my fellow directors for their

ongoing guidance and commitment throughout the year. On behalf

of the board, I would like to express gratitude to all stakeholders

for their ongoing support, and to every member of the AngloGold

Ashanti team for their efforts and sacrifice during a difficult year.

We are clear-eyed in viewing the task ahead of us, which is to

improve our operating performance and to maintain the very

highest levels of safety and ethics as we work to deliver on our

commitments to all stakeholders.

Maria Ramos

Chairperson

29 March 2022

As ever, AngloGold Ashanti’s

values will continue to be a

lodestar in dictating our actions

and our interventions – not only

in response to COVID-19 and its

aftermath, but in every aspect of

how we do business.

AngloGold Ashanti Limited <IR> 2021

14

AngloGold Ashanti Limited <IR> 2021

15

Managing director and

vice chair of Investment

Banking at Lazard.

External appointments:

Chairperson of Matleng

Energy Solutions and the

Strategic Fuel Fund, a

subsidiary of the Central

Energy Fund.

External

appointments:

Non-executive

director on the

boards of Rexel

Group and

Bessemer Trust.

External

appointments:

None.

External

appointments:

Non-executive

director of Emera

Inc.

External

appointments:

Non-executive director

of the International

Council on Mining and

Metals.

External appointments:

Non-executive

director of Melanani

Investments (Pty) Ltd

and Melanani Women

Investments (Pty) Ltd.

Also a member of the

Presidential State-

Owned Enterprise

Council, a director of

AngloGold Ashanti

Holdings plc and

alternate director at the

World Gold Council.

AngloGold Ashanti Limited <IR> 2021

16

AngloGold Ashanti Limited <IR> 2021

17:

letter

Section 2: Overview of the

remuneration policy

Section 3: Remuneration

implementation report–

January to December 2021 p126

p112

p108

AngloGold Ashanti Limited <IR> 2021

107:

Dear Shareholders,

I am pleased to present the AngloGold Ashanti remuneration

report for the year ended 31 December 2021. In it, I provide an

overview of our remuneration and human resource practices

and their alignment with the Company’s strategic objectives.

The Remuneration and Human Resources Committee

(the committee) aims to ensure that the remuneration policy

and its implementation play a key role directing the efforts and

behaviours of employees and leaders to in turn ensure the safe

and sustainable creation of value for stakeholders over the

long term.

The principle of fair and responsible pay continues to guide

our decision making, with particular emphasis on recognising

the contribution of all AngloGold Ashanti employees. We had

previously committed to review the Company’s remuneration

policy and did so with input and advice from our remuneration

advisor to ensure that it reflects our pay philosophy and the

current realities of our business and industry. I believe our

remuneration policy achieved its intended objectives during an

especially challenging period, however, the committee exercised

its judgement to adjust certain Deferred Share Plan (DSP)

performance achievement results downwards.

Several important considerations informed decisions taken by

the committee this year, including financial and non-financial

performance in both relative and absolute terms; competition

in the market for scarce skills; the views and expectations of

stakeholders; our broad suite of environmental, social and

governance (ESG) objectives; and the impact of COVID-19.

The committee decided that no annual salary increases would

be awarded to executives (with one exception) or to senior

management for 2022, given the organisational restructuring

undertaken at the end of 2021 and the need to closely

manage costs. In light of this decision, the non-executive directors

(NEDs) will not be receiving a fee increase for 2022 to align

themselves with the executives and senior management teams.

The Company continued to work with employees and other

stakeholders to lend assistance in dealing with the ongoing

impact of the pandemic, including aiding vaccine access and

other medical and social support where needed. We believe

approximately 85% of the workforce was fully vaccinated

(excluding boosters) by the end of 2021. Vaccine mandates are

now in place at our corporate offices in Johannesburg, Denver

and Perth. As the second year of the pandemic draws to a

close, no employee has seen their remuneration affected by the

pandemic, and no government COVID-19 grants were requested

or received to support the business.

Another key initiative was a culture and values survey which

covered the global business. The response was strong, with

almost 11,000 employees responding. The survey’s findings will

allow us to evolve the business, our culture and values in line

with views expressed by our employees.

Disclosure and transparency

The committee has fulfilled the requirements of its terms of

reference. While we have focused on ensuring that our reporting is

clear and transparent, we continue to look for further improvement

in this regard.

CHAIRPERSON’S: LETTER

Ensuring fair,

responsible

and transparent

remuneration

Maria Richter / Chairperson: Remuneration and Human Resources Committee

Notwithstanding the positive results of our non-binding advisory

votes for our remuneration policy and implementation reports

for 2020, we continued our engagement with a number of

shareholders who provided constructive feedback in respect of

both our policy and its implementation.

Actions from shareholder engagement

We maintained our dialogue with shareholders in respect of

remuneration practices, listening to concerns and suggestions

for alignment with evolving best practice. As a result of the

engagements during 2021, we took the following actions:

• • Extended the Minimum Shareholding Requirement (MSR) for all

executives to apply one-year post termination

• • Introduced an MSR for NEDs in order to strengthen alignment

between the interests of NEDs and those of AngloGold Ashanti

shareholders and to reflect best practice in the gold mining sector

• • Reviewed the appropriateness of the DSP

In addition, we considered further best practice initiatives and

made the following changes:

• • Reviewed, updated and approved various policies in important

matters, such as: Diversity and Inclusion Policy; Policy and

Procedure for Dealing with Poor Conduct; Grievance Policy;

Acting Allowance Policy; AngloGold Ashanti Standards of

Conduct; and Anti-Discrimination and Sexual Harassment Policy

• • Updated the malus and clawback clauses in the

Remuneration Policy

These policies are available on our corporate website,

www.anglogoldashanti.com.

The remuneration policy and implementation report for reporting

period 2020 were tabled for two separate, non-binding advisory

votes at the Annual General Meeting (AGM) held on 4 May

2021, in line with the JSE Listings Requirements and King IV

recommendations.

The table below furthermore details the results of shareholder

voting at the 2020 and 2019 AGMs.

Votes

For

Against

Withheld

Remuneration policy

4 May 2021

95.30

4.7

0.22

10 June 2020

88.04

11.96

0.35

9 May 2019

98.31

1.69

0.40

Remuneration implementation report

4 May 2021

86.34

13.66

0.22

10 June 2020

87.52

12.48

0.35

9 May 2019

58.51

41.49

0.40

Operational context and performance

The gold sector continued to grapple with the direct and second-

order impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, increased stakeholder

expectations, a paucity of skilled personnel in some jurisdictions,

increasing pressure to address the effects of climate change,

accelerating inflation across more categories of inputs, and

challenges in replacing the depleted Ore Reserve. Delivering on

market commitments safely and consistently, while navigating

those challenges, remains the key objective of the business.

The year was marked by significant operational difficulties – see

CEO’s review and outlook and Regional performance – notably

due to the suspension of underground mining at Obuasi in May,

following the tragic underground death of a contractor after a

sill-pillar failure. The significant effect of this halt to production,

which lasted from May through to the end of December 2021,

was compounded by further production losses spread across

the remainder of our sites. These production shortfalls, the

consequent impact on operating costs and accelerating inflation

across many categories of inputs, were the principal factors

leading to the revision of the cost and production outlook during

the year, snapping a seven-year streak of meeting guidance.

Iduapriem, Ghana

AngloGold Ashanti Limited <IR> 2021

108

AngloGold Ashanti Limited <IR> 2021

109

LETTER

continued

There were positives; our exploration geologists replaced our

depleted Ore Reserve for the second consecutive year – see

Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve – summary in this report and

the <R&R> – a vitally important achievement in a sector struggling

to replenish mineral inventories. More ounces were upgraded

to the Proved and Probable Ore Reserve, a clear sign that our

reinvestment strategy – aimed at increasing orebody confidence,

mine lives and operating flexibility – is gaining traction. The

business generated free cash flow of $104m for the year. Despite

the free cash flow generated for 2021, which was modest in

the current gold price environment, the committee applied a

downward adjustment from stretch to target on the 2021 DSP

nCroe annual performance achievement to further recognise the

operational challenges experienced in the current year.

Our absolute greenhouse gas emissions fell markedly – down 69%

since 2007, the baseline year used when we first set our emissions

intensity targets – as we saw the cumulative benefit of asset

closures, sales and efficiency gains, including not having the large

Scope 2 GHG emissions from our South Africa portfolio, the last

of which was sold in 2020. The board approved the Company’s

Climate Change Strategy in November 2021, creating a clear

pathway to manage the risks and opportunities a changing climate

brings, and we published an inaugural Climate Change Report,

aligned with the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-

related Financial Disclosures – see <CCR>.

While our all injury frequency rate of 2.14 per million hours worked

was well below the average of our peers in the International

Council on Mining and Metals, the achievement was marred

by two workplace deaths – the first at Serra Grande in Brazil,

in February 2021, and the second at Obuasi in Ghana, in May

2021 – see We honour and remember in the <SR>. Our heartfelt

condolences go to the family and loved ones of those who passed

away, along with the assurance that lessons learned have been

applied to those and other sites in the portfolio to avoid a repeat.

The committee applied a downward adjustment on the 2021

DSP safety annual performance achievement as a result of these

fatalities. In addition, a revised safety strategy is being rolled out

across the business to take us closer to our goal of zero harm in

the workplace.

The overall DSP annual performance achievement result was

70.73% post the downward adjustments of 7.5% for nCROE

and 4% for safety. This is compared to the 2020 DSP annual

performance achievement of 116.57%.

Operating model

To improve the quality and consistency of AngloGold Ashanti’s

operating performance, the executive team designed and began

implementing a new Operating Model, and organisational

structure. This change to the business, spearheaded by new

CEO Alberto Calderon and supported by the board and executive

management team, brings cost efficiencies and greater clarity to

the organisation with respect to how and what work is done and

single point of accountability. This, therefore, required a reduction

in roles – mainly at the mid- and senior- management levels

– across the portfolio and will ultimately improve operational

outcomes. For more on the Operating Model, see the CEO’s review

and outlook and human capital in the Business model.

The committee, supported by the human resources team,

maintained its focus on gender equality, employment equity and

skills retention through this process. See People, safety health and

sustainability.

Leadership changes

Alberto Calderon, formerly CEO of Melbourne-based Orica, was

appointed CEO on 1 September 2021, after an extensive global

search. Immediately after joining, Alberto initiated a full review of

AngloGold Ashanti’s Operating Model.

The leadership team saw several changes during the year as the

executive team received an infusion of external experience.

With the appointment of the new CEO, Christine Ramon, who had

led the Company as Interim CEO for the year to the end of August

2021, returned to her role as CFO. In February, it was announced

that Christine had opted to take early retirement in order to spend

more time with her family. She leaves a significant legacy after

her more than seven years with the Company and her work in

protecting a tradition of disciplined capital allocation, is evidenced

by our strong balance sheet. She will begin early retirement in

June 2022 with her last day of employment being 31 December

2022. We extend our deep gratitude to Christine and wish her well

in her future endeavours.

Ian Kramer, who was deputised as Interim CFO, returned to

his role as Senior Vice President: Group Finance; and Vaughan

Chamberlain, Senior Vice President: Exploration, was appointed

Interim Chief Development Officer on 1 October 2021, a position

he will hold until 1 April 2022. Terry Briggs, formerly Vice President

Planning at Newmont Corporation, has been appointed Chief

Development Officer, effective from 1 April 2022.

Our thanks go to Christine, Ian and Vaughan for stepping into

these important roles during the year and stewarding the

Company through its transition.

Graham Ehm, a 33-year veteran of the Company, retired as

Executive Vice President: Planning and Technical Development,

and Sicelo Ntuli, COO: Africa, separated from the Company due to

the reconfigured Operating Model, effective 31 December 2021,

after 22 years with AngloGold Ashanti. We give both our sincere

thanks for their enormous contributions over their careers with

AngloGold Ashanti and best wishes for their future endeavours.

Graham was replaced on 15 October 2021 by Marcelo Godoy,

formerly Senior Vice President of Exploration at Newmont

Corporation. Ludwig Eybers, COO: International since 2019, has

resumed his role as COO for the entire portfolio.

Lisa Ali, formerly the executive in charge of Human Resources and

Sustainability at Newcrest, has been appointed as Chief People

Officer, effective from 1 April 2022. Lisa replaces Italia Boninelli, an

experienced former executive of AngloGold Ashanti, who has ably

and successfully filled the role since 1 April 2021.

The single total figure reporting on pages 128 to 129 provides the

remuneration details aligned to the shareholder approved standard

conditions of employment.

Areas of achievement for 2021 and focus for 2022 are:

2021

2022

Enhancement of remuneration

policy by tightening recruitment

eligibility criteria for awards

granted in lieu of forfeiture

Focus on results and action

plan of our organisational

culture and values survey

outcomes particularly in

relation to gender and diversity

Enhancement of the malus and

clawback provisions

Continued focus on equality of

gender remuneration

Increased MSR for members of

the Executive Committee and

introduction of MSR for NEDs

Continued engagement with

shareholders

Enhanced performance

management review process

Continued focus on succession

planning, talent management

and development

Focus on health and well-being

of our employees particularly in

light of the COVID-19 pandemic

Continued focus on employee

health and well-being

Review and refresh of

Company policies to ensure

that they remain current and

relevant

Ensuring training on all key

human resource policies at

all levels of the organisation

including the board

Continued focus on succession

planning and development

Further review of the DSP

scheme, to ensure global best

practice and continued close

alignment with shareholders’

interests

Continued implementation of

diversity framework

Enhancing our relationships

with our shareholders

Thanks

Lastly, our thanks to PwC, who provided invaluable advice as our

remuneration adviser over several years. With PwC now being

appointed as our new external auditor, we have commenced

a tender process to identify new independent remuneration

advisers ahead of the AGM in May 2022.

I would like to thank Maria Ramos for her steadfast leadership

and expert direction in her first year as Chairperson of the board.

The support and guidance she has provided to the committee and

myself personally has been invaluable. I would also like to thank

my colleagues on the committee for their tireless commitment to

ensuring fairness, equity and transparency in our remuneration

practices. With the executive changes, the committee met more

frequently, and I am thankful for their engagement and support

over this time of transition in the Company.

My gratitude also goes to our management team for resilience

in a year marked by a host of challenges. I extend my sincerest

thanks especially to Italia Boninelli, as executive sponsor to the

committee, for lending her decades of experience to our efforts.

Our work in the year ahead will remain focused on ensuring

that our overall human resource strategy, practices and policies

are closely aligned with the needs of the business and the

requirements of our shareholders.

Sincerely,

Maria Richter

Chairperson: Remuneration and Human Resources Committee

Iduapriem, Ghana

AngloGold Ashanti Limited <IR> 2021

110

AngloGold Ashanti Limited <IR> 2021

111:

