Message from the chairman

21

Message from the chief

executive officer

23

Message from the interim chief

financial officer

26

2021 highlights and five-year

performance review

Our objectives

objectives

This report goes into detail about our key strategic

objectives. This year we have combined our previous

reported “Preserving cash” and “Sustainability for the

long run” objectives into “Long-term sustainability”:

Strategic focus

Reposition

Ensure

international cost

competitiveness

Resilience

Revitalise balance

sheet to improve

sustainability, and

enhance flexibility

and agility

Restructure

Reposition as the

champion of

South Africa’s

manufacturing

backbone

Underpinning everything in this report – and every

strategic decision taken by our leadership – are the 3 Rs.

These three key considerations are essential to our ability

to survive. They are:

vision

To add value to all our stakeholders through our market

leadership position in sub-Saharan Africa by producing

quality steel products safely, being an employer and

supplier of choice while striving to be among the

lowest-cost producers in the world.

Our business

Leadership and reports

Strategic objective execution

Corporate governance

C

D

B

A

Zero harm

Workplace health and safety

and our environmental

impacts page 28

People first

Our impacts on human and

social capital page 44

Long term sustainability

Transforming our business

to create sustainable value

page 32

Additional online reporting

The full 2021 financial statements provide comprehensive insight

into the financial position and performance of the company for the

year. These are available at

https://www.arcelormittalsa.com/InvestorRelations/

AnnualFinancialStatements.aspx

Our first environmental, social and governance (ESG) report is also available online at

https://arcelormittalsa.com/InvestorRelations/

Environmental,SocialandGovernance.aspx

Our top key performance indicators

KPI 13

Environmental

spend

KPI 14

Total cost of

employment

(TCOE)

KPI 15

Management

control (under

B-BBEE

codes)

KPI 4

EBITDA per

tonne sold

KPI 5

Return on

capital

employed

KPI 6

Steel market

share

KPI 7

Liquid steel

production

KPI 8

Cash generated

from operations

before working

capital

KPI 9

Net cash/debt

position

KPI 10

On-time

deliveries

KPI 11

Preferential

procurement

spend

KPI 12

B-BBEE

compliance

score

KPI 1

Work-related

fatalities

KPI 2

Lost time injury

frequency rate

(LTIFR)

KPI 3

Total injury

frequency rate

(TIFR):

Message from the chairman

This message will be my final one as chairman of ArcelorMittal South

Africa Ltd. I wish to express my gratitude towards the human

resources, remuneration and nominations committee and the full

board as well as our group chairman and group CEO for the efficient

manner in which my proposed successor was identified. As I pass on

the baton, it is gratifying to do so with the company on a solid path

towards financial sustainability.

Joel Barker in Leadershift (1999) defines the role of leaders as being

“…to recognise and secure the future of the enterprises they are

entrusted to lead”. Equally, a high-performance board is an essential

ingredient for corporate success.

In my full nine-year term it has been my privilege to be chairman of

this most remarkable company, a pillar of the South African economy

and society. In that time, I have worked with many remarkable

individuals. As a collective core of executive directors and

management, together with non-executive directors, we have pulled

together through a great deal of turbulence to deliver a profitable,

financially sustainable future for ArcelorMittal South Africa.

Measurable impact

Since my appointment on 5 February 2013, we have navigated

several extremely tough financial year-ends where issues around

going concern were often top of mind. But there has always been

much more to this company than the financial bottom line. In 2014

ArcelorMittal South Africa released its first Factor Report, designed

to demonstrate just how much of an impact our company has on its

communities and markets and the economy. Increasingly, our

(multiple award-winning) integrated reports have fulfilled the

function of articulating the direct and indirect impacts of a steel

manufacturing company’s integrated value creation.

In 2016 we marked the tenth anniversary of the founding of the

ArcelorMittal group. That milestone cast some light on how several

once state-owned entities that had been bedrocks of

industrialisation in their native economies had been forged together

into one formidable steel maker – now the world’s largest, foremost

steel producer.

Leading a company such as this, which operates in a sector that has

always been cyclical, requires vigilance and adaptability. Many tough

decisions and hard choices have had to be made, not the least of

these the decision, taken in 2019, to mothball Saldanha Works. That

decision cost the West Coast community a large number of direct

and indirect jobs and local revenue that supported many families; it

was a tough call that had to be made to preserve the greater good

and long-term viability of ArcelorMittal in South Africa.

Taking tough decisions

I am truly delighted that, as I vacate the chair, there is a growing

belief that it might be possible for us to restart operations in

Saldanha. The possibility that a revived Saldanha Works could play a

leading role in greening our economy – as you can read in our first

ESG report, is particularly encouraging, especially in this tough

climate of recovery for the South African economy.

After almost a decade at the helm of such a large, important

business, there are many milestones upon which to reflect. Just one

I would like to single out was our B-BBEE transaction in 2016, in

which Likamva Resources acquired 17% of our shares, with the

added benefit of community participation and ownership through the

ArcelorMittal Community Trust, as well as employee empowerment

through the Isabelo Trust. In this report, we detail how work

continues to make this empowerment transaction meaningful for all

concerned.

Among the many challenges we navigated in the past nine years

were very large capital investments in spite of our financial

difficulties, one being the major reline of Newcastle’s N5 blast

furnace, achieved at a cost of almost R1.8 billion in 2014 – a job so

massive that we had to import scarce skills, especially in the

specialised hearth carbon bricklaying area.

More recently we as a board have voted – after the utmost scrutiny

and debate – amounts of over R1 billion to mitigate our

environmental impacts. I am therefore delighted that, for the first

time, this report and our ESG report reflect the large strides we have

made in this regard over a decade and more.

“A leader’s lasting value is measured by succession” – John C Maxwell

ArcelorMittal South Africa Integrated report 2021

19

Our business

Leadership and reports

Strategic objective execution

Corporate governance

C

D

B

A:

Message from the chairman continued

Strategic direction for brighter prospects

Today we can confidently look towards supporting the group’s

net-zero ambitions because of our much-improved financial

prospects. In 2021 we recorded our strongest EBITDA since 2008

while a headline profit of R6.8 billion contrasted sharply with the

previous year’s loss of R2 billion. Also very encouraging was our

ability to generate cash, which we deployed to significantly

strengthen our balance sheet and our industrial footprint to prepare

us to face an uncertain future. This exceptional outcome was

particularly encouraging given the fact that we continued to battle

the challenges associated with the Covid-19 pandemic.

Our profitability in 2021 had much to do with stronger international

and domestic steel prices. This favourable trading environment,

combined with our successful cost-competitiveness transformation,

reduced the costs of our key input materials, fixed and variable costs

in line with our established global plant peer performance

benchmarks across the global ArcelorMittal group’s footprint.

Without the Business Transformation Programme and our transition,

in line with the OneOrganisation operating model, our survival would

have been in serious doubt. Today we are implementing another

most important stage in our strategic evolution – our new Value

Plan Programme, which this integrated report unpacks into detailed

components on page 9. I have not the slightest doubt that the Value

Plan Programme will further future-proof our business and its ability

to unlock even greater value.

Keep our people safe

However, one area of ongoing concern is our safety record. As I look

back on my years in the chair, I remember with pride when our group

chief executive and chairman, Mr Lakshmi Mittal, joined the annual

health and safety day in Vanderbijlpark in 2012. It remains an

aspiration for us to yet again hold the best record for safety

and wellness.

We mourn the loss of life in 2021. The board wishes to express our

deepest sympathy to the families of the six colleagues who died on

our premises this year. One fatality is one too many! We will redouble

our efforts in line with our value of Zero Harm to keep our employees

safer and will strive to improve our safety performance and record.

As the president and government embark on various strategies of

economic recovery aimed at putting South Africa back on a path to

sustainable growth and job creation, ArcelorMittal will strive to make

its fair contribution. (I believe the steel sector can and must be

central to this recovery.)

Thanks

I wish to express my deep appreciation to our CEO, Kobus Verster,

and the executive team for the stellar leadership that delivered the

great results we present to shareholders and all stakeholders in this

report. I also wish to congratulate the team on the invaluable input

they have made towards South Africa’s Steel Master Plan.

In this, my outgoing message, I express my full gratitude to our group

chairman, Mr Lakshmi Mittal and our group CEO Mr Aditya Mittal

who have both demonstrated unwavering commitment to

ArcelorMittal South Africa. I thank them both for being strong

pillars of support during my tenure as chairman. All of the

group representatives I have worked with on the board, namely

Messrs Gonzalo Urquijo, Davinder Chugh, Ramesh Khothari,

Brian Aranha and Bradley Davey were great support in our ongoing

quest to ensure that ArcelorMittal South Africa was fully integrated

into the operations of the ArcelorMittal group.

The Office of the President of the Republic of South Africa and

various leaders of the governing party have been instrumental in

helping to create an enabling policy environment, to mitigate many

challenges such as steel imports and dumping that could have had a

debilitating effect on local primary steel manufacturing. Ministers of

trade and industry and finance provided invaluable support in various

instances when we needed government assistance.

I wish to thank my fellow directors, past and present, including past

CEOs and CFOs who each laid small building blocks of success

towards our present state. In the first three years of my tenure, I

spent a lot of quality time and had numerous engagements with the

general secretaries and various senior shop stewards of our

recognised trade unions, who challenged us to preserve the financial

sustainability of the business; for their counsel and commitment to

the future of ArcelorMittal South Africa, we are eternally grateful.

Beyond our premises, I thank our partners including investors,

government and regulators, environmental activists and communities

for their interest in our success, and the many parts they have played

in the achievement of that success.

It was a great privilege to serve – I wish ArcelorMittal South Africa

and all of you well.

Mpho Makwana

Chairman:

letter in terms of the Johannesburg Stock Exchange

(JSE) Listings Requirements, paragraph 22.15(H) has been submitted

by Deloitte. The committee is satisfied that Deloitte is compliant

with the relevant external audit partner JSE qualification and the

rotation rules, whereby the lead engagement partner is required to

rotate every five years. The current lead partner has been the auditor

since June 2021.

The committee further approved the fees paid to Deloitte and its

terms of engagement. The details of the fees paid to Deloitte are

disclosed in note 8 to the consolidated annual financial statements.

All non-audit services were approved by the committee during the

current financial year in accordance with the board-approved policy on

non-audit services performed by the external auditor. The committee

meets with the auditor independently of senior management.

The committee agendas provide for confidential meetings between

committee members and the internal and external auditors.

Statutory reporting

The committee has evaluated the annual financial statements of

ArcelorMittal South Africa and the group for the year ended

31 December 2021 and, based on the information provided to the

committee, considers that the company and group comply, in all

material respects, with the requirements of the Companies Act, the

International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), the SAICA

Financial Reporting Guides as issued by the Accounting Practices

Committee, and the Financial Pronouncements as issued by the

Financial Reporting Standards Council and applicable legislation.

Key financial statement reporting issues

The committee reviewed the critical judgements and assumptions

made by management together with the sensitivity analyses

performed and the conclusions on the key financial statement

reporting issues during the year. The key issues are:

• Impairment of property, plant and equipment

The committee reviewed and assessed the assumptions used in

determining the recoverable amount of the cash generating units

(CGUs). The committee supported management’s recommendation

that none of the CGUs should be impaired.:

