Dear Shareholders,

I am pleased to provide our Annual Report

for FY2021.

In a year that has seen COVID-19 continue to

challenge the lives and livelihoods of so many,

I am proud of the resilience and commitment

our people have demonstrated to deliver an

outstanding set of results in FY2021.

The strong operational performance driven

by our teams across the world, combined

with a diversified portfolio and disciplined

approach to capital allocation, has seen

the Board determine a dividend of US$3.01

per share for FY2021. This means we have

returned US$15 billion to shareholders this

year, and more than US$38 billion over the

past three years. In a year of significant financial

disruption across the globe, these results

demonstrate the health of your company.

BHP is in a strong position and it is

against this backdrop that we are making

transformative changes.

We have announced our intention to unify BHP’s

corporate structure to a single listing on the

Australian Securities Exchange. Creating one

BHP today positions the company to deliver on

our strategy in the future. We will be more agile,

efficient and flexible, while still enabling BHP

shareholders around the world to support the

company as they have done for decades.

We have also announced a number of strategic

steps towards the future of your company,

as we continue to grow our portfolio in future

facing commodities. We have announced

a US$5.7 billion investment in Jansen Stage 1,

a top tier potash asset in Canada. BHP has

also announced our intention to merge our

Petroleum assets with Woodside. The resulting

global top 10 independent oil and gas company

will have the resilience and optionality to

succeed in the energy transition.

The essential resources we produce at BHP

are not only fundamental to the way we live

now, they are fundamental to the way we

will live in the future.

Based on the climate change scenario analysis

we undertook last year, we believe that the more

action the world takes to limit climate change,

the better it will be for BHP.

Commodities like copper, nickel and iron ore

will be essential for building the infrastructure

and technology that will aid the world’s

decarbonisation ambitions, and potash will

help feed the world’s growing population.

Investing in future facing commodities creates

great opportunities for BHP – it means our

strategic goals align with our climate goals –

but it also creates a challenge. The world needs

to increase production of commodities that

support the transition and do so ever more

sustainably. BHP has made progress against

our greenhouse gas emissions reductions

targets and goals, but we intend to continue

to challenge ourselves to reduce our own

emissions, and work in partnership with our

customers and suppliers to reduce emissions

along the value chain.

Our response to climate change and the

decarbonisation challenge is just one aspect

of our broader commitment to deliver social

value. Social value is the positive contribution

we make to the environment and society.

It goes hand in hand with financial value in

our decision-making, and we believe this

approach is in the long-term best interests of

shareholders. We have been able to provide

significant support to the communities in which

we operate. This includes US$11.1 billion in taxes,

royalties and other payments to governments

in FY2021 – and US$84.0 billion over the past

10 years.

In FY2021, we continued to broaden our

relationships with our Indigenous partners on

whose land our operated assets lie. Our Cultural

Heritage team has worked to ensure our

operational decision-making is informed by

reliable and contemporary heritage information,

and any decision regarding cultural heritage

is made by the most senior site leadership.

We have also set out Regional Indigenous

Peoples Plans that outline our commitment to

agreement-making, Indigenous procurement,

employment and social investment.

The delivery of the South Flank project was an

important milestone for the Group in FY2021,

and we would like to acknowledge the support

of the Banjima people in helping us to deliver

the project.

Our Board renewal process continued this year

as we welcomed Xiaoqun Clever and Christine

O’Reilly as independent Non-executive

Directors in October 2020. We are pleased that

Michelle Hinchliffe will join the BHP Board on

1 March 2022. Michelle has significant expertise

in financial risk management and strong global

experience, and we look forward to welcoming

Michelle early next year.

We have also announced that Anita Frew

and Susan Kilsby will retire from the BHP

Board at the end of the 2021 Annual General

Meetings. Both Anita and Susan have recently

accepted Chair roles at significant international

companies, and we wish them well. I thank Anita

and Susan for the invaluable contribution they

have made to BHP. Gary Goldberg has replaced

Susan as BHP’s Senior Independent Director,

and Christine O’Reilly has been appointed

Chair of the Remuneration Committee.

Finally, we achieve nothing unless we do it

safely. While we are pleased that it has now

been over two years since the last fatality at our

operated assets, we know that a commitment

to health and safety requires more than this.

We are committed to stamping out sexual

assault and harassment at all our sites. This is

a critical issue for BHP and for our industry.

We have been working on this for some time,

but we know we must do more to make our

workplaces safe and inclusive for everyone.

I am confident the decisions we are making to

build our company for the future, together with

continued strong operational performance and

commitment to those who rely on us, will see

us continue to grow BHP and create value for

our shareholders and our broader stakeholders

for decades to come.

Thank you for your continued support of BHP.

Ken MacKenzie

Chair:

Dear Shareholders,

I am pleased to report that BHP performed

strongly in FY2021, with no one fatally injured

across BHP’s global operations, and record

production and throughput in a number of

businesses. We completed four major capital

projects on time and on budget, a notable feat

given the pandemic context, and our approach

to capital allocation remained disciplined,

generating strong returns for shareholders.

I want to thank our employees and all those who

supported us in delivering these outcomes.

Our operational and financial results provide

the strong foundation upon which we have

announced our investment in the Jansen

Stage 1 potash project, the intended merger

of BHP’s Petroleum business with Woodside

Petroleum Ltd. (Woodside), and the intention

to unify the BHP corporate structure under a

single primary listing in Australia. These strategic

steps are intended to underpin BHP’s ability

to continue to grow shareholder value in the

coming decades.

The future is clear. We believe that the world is

going to need increasing supply of the essential

commodities BHP produces in order to sustain

global economic growth and in order to

decarbonise the global economy. It is important

for the world that this growing demand is met

sustainably, and BHP is ideally positioned to

do so given our portfolio of existing assets, our

strong track record on sustainability and social

value creation, our operating and financial

discipline, and most importantly our people.

The intended unification of BHP’s corporate

structure will position us even more strongly to

be able to continue growing shareholder value.

We will be a simpler, more efficient and more

agile company. This is expected to enable us to

be more competitive and to more quickly create

and capitalise on opportunities to continue

to grow value.

The intended merger of BHP’s Petroleum

business with Woodside will create a global

top 10 independent exploration and production

company, with increased scale and resilience.

We expect shareholders to benefit from

significant synergies arising from the intended

merger, and they will have greater choice in how

to shape the relative commodity exposures in

their own portfolios.

The decision to proceed with the Jansen

Stage 1 potash project in Canada is a significant

milestone for BHP. Potash is a future facing

commodity that enables more efficient and

sustainable farming, which will be increasingly

important in feeding a growing global

population and in meeting the world’s need

to decarbonise. Jansen Stage 1 also opens up

a new front for future growth for BHP. We will

be ideally positioned to meet potential future

growth in global demand for potash with Jansen

Stages 2 through 4, which we anticipate will

offer high returns and faster paybacks.

These decisions and intended steps are

anticipated to result in around half of BHP’s

revenues being derived from the future facing

commodities of copper, potash and nickel by

the end of this decade. We also expect the

other half, comprising iron ore and higher-

quality coking coal, to see upside as the

world decarbonises.

BHP continues to take action on climate

change. In the past year we announced a new

suite of climate change related targets and

goals, together with an assessment of the

performance of BHP’s portfolio under different

climate scenarios. The latter indicated that BHP’s

overall portfolio is resilient and, in fact, many of

our commodities would perform best under

our Paris-aligned scenario that sees more rapid

decarbonisation and an increase in average

global temperature of no more than 1.5°C.

We progressed towards our operational

emissions reduction targets and goal by

entering into renewable power supply

agreements for our Kwinana nickel refinery

and Queensland Coal operations – adding

to the Escondida and Spence copper mine

agreements announced in FY2020.

With a focus on Scope 3 emissions, we entered

into partnerships with major steel producers

in China and Japan, targeting technologies

to reduce emissions from steel making.

The combined output of these steel companies

equates to around 10 per cent of reported

global steel production. We also entered into a

series of innovative initiatives that seek to help

reduce emissions in bulk shipping.

Finally, we continue to invest in people.

In FY2021, we trained more than 500

apprentices and trainees through our FutureFit

Academy in Australia, and have committed to

creating 2,500 new Australian apprenticeship

and trainee positions over the next five years.

We have continued our progress towards

gender balance and female participation

in our workforce increased to 29.8 per cent

during the year, complementing our already

gender-balanced Executive Leadership Team.

Our Indigenous participation rate has also

increased to 7.2 per cent in Australia and 7.5 per

cent in Chile. We are leading the way in building

the workforce of the future.

I hope that you can see that this has been a

very good year for BHP. We have taken action to

shape BHP’s future, while delivering very strong

operational and financial results.

The combination of a clear strategic outlook,

increasing operational excellence and greater

exposure to future facing commodities is

expected to enable us to deliver positive returns

and grow more value for all of our stakeholders

in the years ahead.

Thank you for your ongoing support.

Mike Henry

Chief Executive Officer:

letter of commitment to the CopperMark(5)

assurance process for our copper producing

assets (Olympic Dam, Escondida and Spence)

and completed self-assessments as part of

this commitment.

(1) The FY2020 baseline will be adjusted for any material acquisitions and divestments based on greenhouse gas emissions at the time of the transaction. Carbon offsets will be used

as required.

(2) Net zero includes the use of carbon offsets as required.

(3) These positions are expressed using terms that are defined in the Glossary, including the terms ‘net zero’, ‘target’ and ‘goal’.

(4) Our GRI Content Index is available at bhp.com/FY21ESGStandardsDatabook

(5) https://www.bhp.com/media-and-insights/news-releases/2020/11/bhp-commits-to-copper-mark/.:

letter

of credit’. Most families of Gesteira have chosen

this option and the agreements are being

ratified by the 12th Federal Court.

Updates on the progress of Fundação

Renova’s resettlement program are available

at fundacaorenova.org/en/repair-data/

resettlement-and-infrastructure.

Compensation and financial assistance

Fundação Renova continues to provide fair

compensation to people impacted by the

dam failure.

Compensation and financial assistance of

approximately R$4.7 billion (approximately

US$1.1 billion(1)) has been paid to support

approximately 336,000 people affected

by the dam failure up until 30 June 2021.

More than 10,500 general damages claims

have been resolved and more than 270,000

people have been paid a total of approximately

R$280 million (approximately US$65 million(1))

for temporary water interruption. The general

damages component includes loss of life, injury,

property damage, business impacts, loss of

income and moral damages. Fundação Renova

continues to provide financial assistance cards

and other income support to those whose

livelihoods continue to be impacted by the dam

failure, including fisherfolk whose activities are

affected by fishing restrictions.

In addition, approximately R$1.6 billion

(approximately US$300 million(1)) was paid to

more than 17,000 people under the court-

mandated simplified indemnity system (known

as the ‘Novel’ system), which is designed to

provide compensation for informal workers

who have had difficulty proving the damages

they suffered, such as cart drivers, sand miners,

artisanal miners and street vendors.

Updates on the progress of the compensation

program are available at fundacaorenova.org/

en/repair-data/indemnities-and-productive-

resumption.

Other socio-economic programs

Fundação Renova continues to implement a

wide range of socio-economic programs in

addition to the resettlement and compensation

programs. These programs cover health and

infrastructure projects in the Rio Doce basin,

promotion of economic development in the

impacted communities and sewage treatment

facilities to improve the water quality in the

Rio Doce.

Environmental remediation

Since December 2019, the riverbanks

and floodplains have been vegetated, river

margins stabilised and in general, water

quality and sediment qualities have returned

to historic levels. Long-term remediation work

is continuing to re-establish agriculture and

native vegetation.

A ban on fishing activities along the coast of

Espírito Santo and a precautionary conservation

restriction preventing fishing for native fish

species in the Rio Doce in Minas Gerais remain

in place. Fundação Renova continues to

support the recovery of habitats and aquatic

ecology and engage with the authorities with

the goal of lifting the restrictions.

Legal proceedings

BHP Group Limited, BHP Group Plc and BHP

Brasil are involved in legal proceedings relating

to the Samarco dam failure.

For more information on the significant

legal proceedings involving BHP

refer to section 4.9

(1) USD amount is calculated based on actual transactional (historical) exchange rates related to Renova funding.:

letter

71

2.1.2

Board of Directors and Executive Leadership Team

72

Board of Directors

72

Executive Leadership Team

74

2.1.3

BHP governance structure

75

2.1.4

Board and Committee meetings and attendance

76

2.1.5

Key Board activities during FY2021

77

2.1.6

Stakeholder engagement

79

Shareholder engagement

79

Workforce engagement

81

2.1.7

Director skills, experience and attributes

82

2.1.8

Board evaluation

83

2.1.9

Nomination and Governance Committee Report

84

2.1.10

Risk and Audit Committee Report

87

2.1.11

Sustainability Committee Report

93

2.1.12

Remuneration Committee Report

94

2.1.13

Risk management governance structure

94

2.1.14

Management

94

2.1.15

Our conduct

95

2.1.16

Market disclosure

96

2.1.17

Conformance with corporate

governance standards

96

2.1.18

Additional UK disclosure

97

2.2

Remuneration Report

98

2.2.1

Annual statement by the Remuneration

Committee Chair

99

2.2.2

Remuneration policy report

103

Remuneration policy for the Executive Director

103

Remuneration policy for Non-executive Directors

107

2.2.3

Annual report on remuneration

108

Remuneration for the Executive Directors

(the CEOs)

108

Remuneration for other Executive KMP

(excluding the CEOs)

115

Remuneration for Non-executive Directors

117

Remuneration governance

118

Other statutory disclosures

119

2.3

Directors’ Report

124

2.3.1

Review of operations, principal activities and

state of affairs

124

2.3.2

Share capital and buy-back programs

124

2.3.3

Results, financial instruments and going concern

125

2.3.4

Directors

125

2.3.5

Remuneration and share interests

125

2.3.6

Secretaries

126

2.3.7

Indemnities and insurance

126

2.3.8

Employee policies

126

2.3.9

Corporate governance

127

2.3.10

Dividends

127

2.3.11

Auditors

127

2.3.12

Non-audit services

127

2.3.13

Political donations

127

2.3.14

Exploration, research and development

127

2.3.15

ASIC Instrument 2016/191

127

2.3.16

Proceedings on behalf of BHP Group Limited

127

2.3.17

Performance in relation to

environmental regulation

128

2.3.18

Share capital, restrictions on transfer of shares

and other additional information

128

In this section:

70

BHP

Annual Report 2021:

letter

Dear Shareholder,

This year BHP achieved some outstanding

results, underpinned by strong operational

performance and disciplined capital allocation.

For the second consecutive year, there were no

fatalities at our operated assets. We also created

more value for shareholders and continued to

contribute to the communities and partners

who support our work.

Strategy and portfolio

Our purpose is to bring people and resources

together to build a better world. Our objective

is to deliver sustainable long-term value and

returns. We do this by owning a portfolio of

world class assets in attractive commodities,

operating them exceptionally well, maintaining

a disciplined approach to capital allocation

and being leaders in sustainability and creating

social value.

We are proactively positioning the company

for the future with a portfolio and capabilities

that will enable us to grow long-term value – the

commodities we supply are essential to the world

now and in the future. We recently announced an

investment of US$5.7 billion in the Jansen Stage

1 potash project in Canada, which opens up a

new growth front for BHP. We also announced

our intention to merge BHP’s Petroleum business

with Woodside to create a top 10 independent

oil and gas company with the capability to

support the world’s energy needs through

the energy transition.

As well as positioning our portfolio for future

growth, we have also announced our intention

to move from a Dual Listed Company with two

parent entities, to a single company structure

under BHP Ltd with a primary listing on the

Australian Securities Exchange. We believe

unification will make BHP more efficient and

agile, and better position the company for

continued performance and growth.

Culture and capability

Successful delivery of our strategy relies on

workforce capability and a strong culture.

We believe that supporting our people’s

wellbeing, creating and promoting an inclusive

and diverse environment for our people to

work, and keeping them safe in the workplace

is critically important. It is core to our values.

“ This year BHP achieved some outstanding

results, underpinned by strong operational

performance and disciplined capital allocation.

For the second consecutive year, there were

no fatalities at our operated assets. We also

created more value for shareholders and

continued to contribute to the communities

and partners who support our work.”

In FY2021, this has taken on an even greater

emphasis as our workforce and their families

and communities have adapted to new ways

of working as a result of the pandemic.

This year we have created a simpler

Engagement and Perception Survey that

runs in 100-day culture improvement cycles.

The Board regularly reviews the results of

these surveys and any actions that are taken

as a result. We also continue to invest in our

leaders and in new talent, through programs

like our BHP Operating System learning

academies, Operations Services and the

FutureFit Academies which have seen us

recruit hundreds of new apprentices and

trainees into our operations in Australia.

Board composition

In FY2021, we continued to renew our Board

through our structured Board succession

process. The Board regularly assesses its

current skills and expected requirements for

the future and uses that analysis to establish

clear succession plans. In October 2020,

Christine O’Reilly and Xiaoqun Clever were

appointed to the Board as independent

Non-executive Directors.

Xiaoqun Clever has more than 20 years’

experience in technology with a focus on

software engineering, data and analytics,

cyber security and digitalisation. She held

various roles with SAP SE, Ringier AG and

ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE. She currently serves

on the boards of Capgemini SE, Infineon

Technologies AG and Amadeus IT Group SA.

Christine O’Reilly has more than 30 years’

experience in finance, public policy and

transformational strategy. She held various roles

with GasNet Australia Group and Colonial First

State Global Asset Management. She currently

serves on the boards of Stockland Limited,

Medibank Private Limited, Baker Heart and

Diabetes Institute, and will join the board of

Australia and New Zealand Banking Group

Limited from November 2021.

We have also announced the appointment

of Michelle Hinchliffe as an independent

Non-executive Director from 1 March 2022.

Ms Hinchliffe has over 30 years’ experience in

KPMG’s financial services division and has spent

time as a partner and member of the Board

of KPMG’s Australian and UK practices. She is

currently the UK Chair of Audit for KPMG and

will retire from KPMG prior to her appointment.

Susan Kilsby and Anita Frew will retire as BHP

Directors at the end of the 2021 Annual General

Meetings (AGMs). Susan was appointed as Chair

of Fortune Brands in January 2021 and Anita

has joined the board of Rolls-Royce Holdings

Plc and will become Chair from 1 October 2021.

Both directors have stepped down due to the

time commitments associated with these new

chair roles. I would like to acknowledge and

thank both Susan and Anita for their counsel

and contribution to BHP and the Board.

We are continuing our renewal process

and will look to add a further independent

director in 2022.

Shareholder engagement

We are committed to communicating with our

shareholders and hearing your views on the

company’s performance. We do this through

our AGMs, shareholder forums and investor

meetings where we engage with investors

on key areas of market interest.

Shareholders also have the opportunity to

ask questions directly of the Chief Executive

Officer, Mike Henry, through shareholder

question and answer sessions webcast

through BHP’s website.

The Board also engages with investors and

considers their perspectives, including through

independent survey results, and regularly seeks

feedback from other external stakeholders,

such as the Forum on Corporate Responsibility,

to ensure it is considering all perspectives and

effecting positive change.

Conclusion

I am proud that BHP’s people and operations

have been resilient, and continued to create

value for our shareholders, communities,

customers, suppliers and partners.

I look forward to our upcoming AGMs and to

engaging with as many shareholders as I can,

institutional and retail, throughout the year

to hear your views and feedback.

On behalf of the Board, thank you for your

continued support.

Ken MacKenzie

Chair:

Managing Director and Chief Executive

Officer of Amcor Limited, a global packaging

company with operations in over 40 countries,

from 2005 until 2015. During his 23-year career with

Amcor, Ken gained extensive experience across all

of Amcor’s major business segments in developed

and emerging markets in the Americas, Australia,

Asia and Europe. Ken currently sits on the Advisory

Board of American Securities Capital Partners LLC

(since January 2016) and is a part-time advisor at

Barrenjoey (since April 2021).

Mike Henry

BSc (Chemistry) 55

Non-independent Director since January 2020.

Chief Executive Officer since 1 January 2020.

Mr Henry has over 30 years’ experience in the

global mining and petroleum industry, spanning

operational, commercial, safety, technology and

marketing roles.

Mike joined BHP in 2003, initially in business

development and then in marketing and trading

of a range of mineral and petroleum commodities

based in The Hague, where he was also

accountable for BHP’s ocean freight operations.

He went on to hold various positions in BHP,

including President Operations Minerals Australia,

President Coal, President HSE, Marketing and

Technology, and Chief Marketing Officer. Mike was

appointed Chief Executive Officer on 1 January

2020 and has been a member of the Executive

Leadership Team since 2011.

Prior to joining BHP, Mike worked in the resources

industry in Canada, Japan and Australia.

Terry Bowen

BAcct, FCPA, MAICD 54

Independent Non-executive Director since

October 2017.

Mr Bowen has significant executive experience

across a range of diversified industries. He has

deep financial expertise, and extensive experience

in capital allocation discipline, commodity value

chains and strategy.

Terry was formerly Managing Partner and Head

of Operations at BGH Capital and an Executive

Director and Finance Director of Wesfarmers

Limited. Prior to this, Terry held various senior

executive roles within Wesfarmers, including as

Finance Director of Coles,: Managing

Managing Director and an

Operating Partner of First Reserve, a large global

energy focused private equity firm, from 2009

until 2015, during which he served on the boards

of First Reserve’s investee companies, including

as Chair of Amromco Energy LLC and White

Rose Energy Ventures LLP. John retired from the

boards of Weir Group Plc and one of First Reserve’s

portfolio companies, DOF Subsea AS, in 2018.

John is currently a Non-executive Director of

ERM Worldwide Group Limited (since 2015).

Christine O’Reilly

BBus 60

Independent Non-executive Director since

October 2020.

Ms O’Reilly has extensive experience in both

executive and non-executive roles with deep

financial and public policy expertise, as well as

valuable experience in large-scale capital projects

and transformational strategy. She has over

30 years’ executive experience in the financial

and infrastructure sectors, including as the Chief

Executive Officer of the GasNet Australia Group and

as Co-Head of Unlisted Infrastructure Investments

at Colonial First State Global Asset Management.

Christine served as a Non-executive Director of

Transurban Group (from April 2012 to October

2020), CSL Limited (from February 2011 to October

2020) and Energy Australia Holdings Limited (from

September 2012 to August 2018).

Christine is currently a Non-executive Director of

Stockland Limited (since August 2018), Medibank

Private Limited (since March 2014) and Baker Heart

and Diabetes Institute (since June 2013), and will join

the board of Australia and New Zealand Banking

Group Limited from November 2021.

Dion Weisler

BASc (Computing), Honorary Doctor of Laws 54

Independent Non-executive Director since

June 2020.

Mr Weisler has extensive global executive

experience, including in chief executive officer and

operational roles. In particular, Dion has valuable

transformation and commercial experience in the

global information technology sector, a focus on

capital discipline, as well as perspectives on current

and emerging ESG issues.

Dion served as the President and Chief Executive

Officer of HP Inc. from 2015 to 2019, and continued

as a Director and Senior Executive Adviser until

May 2020. Dion previously held a number of senior

executive roles at Lenovo Group Limited. Prior to

this, Dion was General Manager Conferencing

and Collaboration at Telstra Corporation, and

held various positions at Acer Inc., including as: Managing

letter from the Institutional Investors Group on Climate Change

(IIGCC) setting out ‘investor expectations for Paris-aligned accounts’.

The Remuneration Committee also engages with investors on remuneration-

related matters. The Chair of the Remuneration Committee wrote an open: letter to shareholders and proxy advisers in September 2020, summarising

key aspects of BHP’s FY2020 remuneration outcomes and welcoming

investor feedback. This letter was published on BHP’s website.

Annual General Meetings

Our AGMs provide an opportunity for all investors to question and engage with the Board.

FY2021 activity

Due to COVID-19 restrictions, the BHP Group Limited AGM for FY2020 was held as a virtual meeting and the BHP Group Plc AGM for FY2020 was held as

a closed meeting. A virtual forum for BHP Group Plc shareholders was held in September 2020 to provide an opportunity to hear from the Chair and CEO

and to ask questions via a live text facility. BHP Group Plc shareholders were also invited to attend the BHP Group Limited AGM virtually.

Information on our AGMs is

available at bhp.com/meetings

Letter of appointment

The Board has adopted a: letter of appointment that contains the terms on which Non-executive

Dear Shareholders,

I am pleased to introduce BHP’s Remuneration Report for the financial year to 30 June 2021, my first as Chair of BHP’s Remuneration Committee.

During FY2021, the Committee continued its focus on achieving remuneration outcomes that fairly reflect the performance of BHP and the contribution

of our employees, and which are aligned to the interests of shareholders and other key stakeholders.

During FY2021, COVID-19 has remained a significant source of uncertainty across the world. While the emergence and deployment of successful

vaccines is reason for optimism, the pandemic continues to have widespread impacts on lives, society and the global economy. In the face of this,

BHP employees have operated in line with our purpose and values, working effectively to keep the business performing strongly, and keeping each

other safe.

Our approach

Our Charter sets out our values, placing health and safety first, upon which the Remuneration Committee places great weight in the determination of

performance-based remuneration outcomes for BHP executives. Our Charter also sets out our purpose, our strategy and how we measure success.

The Committee is guided by Our Charter and aims to support our executives in taking a long-term approach to decision-making in order to build a

sustainable and value-adding business.

The Committee is focused on having and applying a remuneration policy and approach that supports the Group’s strategy and enables us to attract,

retain and motivate the executives in different geographies critical to delivering the best outcomes for all BHP stakeholders. In addition, as BHP is a

global organisation, the Committee is cognisant of the need to navigate the priorities and expectations of multiple jurisdictions.

Our policy and approach to remuneration remains unchanged; however, we continue to strive for simplification in our programs. We were pleased

to again receive strong support for our remuneration policy at the 2020 AGMs, with over 95 per cent voting ‘for’ the Remuneration Report, and, on

average, over 96 per cent support over the past five years. The Committee and the Board continue to incorporate shareholder feedback into our

deliberations on pay to ensure it supports BHP’s strategy.

Remuneration policy

FY2021 represents the second year of application of the revised remuneration policy, which was approved by shareholders at the 2019 AGMs with

almost 94 per cent of votes in favour. We believe the policy is serving stakeholders well. The key changes approved in 2019 for the CEO, which took

effect from 1 July 2019, were:

– a change in the balance of incentive arrangements comprising:

– a significantly reduced LTIP grant size of 200 per cent of base salary (on a face value basis), down from 400 per cent

– a rebalancing to a CDP award with a longer term focus than the former STIP. The CDP outcome is delivered one-third as a cash award, with two-

thirds delivered in equity, as two-year and five-year deferred share awards each of equivalent value to the cash award. This aligns participants’

incentive remuneration with performance over the short, medium and long-term

– this rebalancing from LTIP to CDP reduced the leverage in the overall pay arrangements resulting in a 12 per cent reduction in the maximum

remuneration for a year

– a significant reduction in the pension contribution rate to 10 per cent of base salary, down from 25 per cent (noting the estimated workforce average

is approximately 11.5 per cent of base salary). As a result of this change, fixed remuneration for the CEO role was reduced by 12 per cent and overall

target remuneration reduced by 4 per cent

– the introduction of a two-year post-retirement shareholding requirement for the CEO

A consequence of the transition to the revised remuneration policy is that the FY2021 single total figure of remuneration for the CEO under UK

requirements requires disclosure of the total amount of the CDP award earned during FY2021 (i.e. irrespective that some elements of the CDP award

are deferred and five-year deferred shares were not a feature of the former STIP), together with the full amount of the pre-existing LTIP award vesting

at the end of FY2021, which was granted in 2016 when the CEO was President Operations, Minerals Australia (i.e. when the LTIP award size was double

the current grant size). This legacy consequence of remuneration policy transition will continue each year through to FY2024.

The Committee strives to implement the remuneration policy in a considered way. We test the CEO’s remuneration against CEO roles in other global

companies of similar complexity, size, reach and industry. The remuneration also reflects the CEO’s responsibilities, location, skills, performance,

qualifications and experience. This detailed benchmarking ensures BHP’s executive remuneration packages are competitive enough to attract and

retain talented executives, without being excessive. External benchmarking shows the CEO’s target remuneration package is below the average for

similar global companies. Importantly, a significant portion of the CEO’s target remuneration package can only be realised as actual remuneration

if performance targets are met.

In addition, the CEO’s remuneration is deliberately tied to the performance of the business, with the majority of the remuneration package intended

to be delivered in BHP equity, not cash. The CEO also has a minimum shareholding requirement of five times pre-tax base salary, which continues

for two years post-retirement. This aligns the CEO to the experience of BHP’s shareholders.:

letter of appointment for Non-executive Directors is available on our website. The Board has adopted a policy consistent with the UK

Corporate Governance Code, under which all Non-executive Directors must seek re-election by shareholders annually if they wish to remain on the

Board. As such, no Non-executive Directors seeking re-election have an unexpired term in their: letter of appointment. A Non-executive

