letter to you, we are in the midst of a third wave

of COVID-19, the pandemic seeming closer than ever before and having impacted the lives and livelihoods of

so many South African families.

The loss of lives will remain a constant reminder to us all that life is fragile and the impact that globalisation had

on us all.

At Brikor we were united in fighting this pandemic, whilst ensuring the lives and livelihoods of our people are

at the forefront of all the choices we had to make, and the strategies that had to be adjusted to minimise the

impact on our employees and stakeholders.

I would like to thank our Group Disaster Management Team for their concreted efforts, quick turnaround

strategies and actions taken during the last 15 months. In acting fast, we have secured lives and livelihoods and

ensured that Brikor as a Group could weather the storms effectively and with minimal disruption.

To our Executive Committee, I thank you all for your continuous dedication and commitment to excellence.

To our Chairman and Board, thank you for your continued support, guidance and commitment to this Group.

Last but not least, to Our Heavenly Father for making all of this possible.

May you all stay safe and blessed.

Garnett Parkin

Chief Executive Officer

CEO’s report

continued:

letter granting an

Environmental Authorisation was received on 15 March 2021, with interested and affected parties having until

7 April 2021 to provide comments. No appeals are anticipated. A WULA was submitted on 23 July 2020 and

is still under consideration. Once the right has been executed, application will be made for its transfer into the

name of the newly established Kopanela Mining (Pty) Ltd (“Kopanela”). In the same manner, all future mining

rights will be applied for in the name of Kopanela.

The surrounding areas are dominated by farmlands, particularly dedicated to grazing and agriculture. The

Marievale Bird Sanctuary lies in close proximity to these projects. No major environmental issues are highlighted

in the environmental studies and are mainly confined to disruption of topography. No major adverse impacts

on nearby wetlands or water bodies are known, bar from proposed mining activities at Grootfontein which can

be mitigated to lower levels through implementation of mitigation measures. The overall sulphur content across

the coal seams is low enough to not pose an environmental threat, based on known information. Minxcon did

not note any reference to long-term water management plans in the EIA or EMP documents, nor receive such

plans from the Client.

The current coal wash plant position is at Plant 3, which is currently not sanctioned by a valid water use licence.

A WULA was submitted on 22 September 2020 and is still in process of review.

Upon closure, the mine area will need to be monitored and rehabilitated. For the Project Areas, Ilangabi/Brikor

hold ZAR48.6 million in trusts and guarantees against a required quantum of ZAR38.0 million. Of this, a total

of ZAR27.5 million is held for Plant 1 and Vlakfontein, while only ZAR22.9 million is required. For the newly

awarded Grootfontein mining right, the DMRE required a financial provision of ZAR4,298,239.23, which has

been provided for to that same amount through a guarantee via Lombard Insurance Company.

Competent person’s report

continued:

letter and management’s response thereto;

•

considering problems, reservations and observations arising from the external auditors’ interim and final audit;

•

considering differences of opinion between management and auditors, including unrecorded errors or differences found

by the external auditors; and

•

evaluating the performance of external auditors and the audit fee.

Financial statements and results

The Committee oversees integrated reporting, and in particular the Committee must: –

•

have regard to all factors and risks that may impact on the integrity of the Integrated Annual Report, including factors

that may predispose management to present a misleading picture, significant judgements and reporting decisions made,

monitoring or enforcement actions by a regulatory body, any evidence that brings into question previously published

information, forward-looking statements or information;

•

review the annual financial statements, interim reports, preliminary or provisional result announcements, summarised

integrated information, any other intended release of price-sensitive information and prospectuses, trading statements

and similar documents;

•

comment in the annual financial statements on the financial statements, the accounting practices and the effectiveness

of the internal financial controls with regard to:

–

accounting policies adopted and any changes in accounting policies and practices;

–

significant financial estimates based on judgement which are included in the financial statements;

–

the appropriateness of major adjustments processed at the interim and at year-end;

–

the going concern assumption;

–

compliance with accounting standards, local and international;

–

whether the annual financial statements present a balanced and understandable assessment of the Company’s

position, performance and prospects; and

–

the directors’ statement to be included in the annual financial statements including the statement on effectiveness

of the systems of internal control;

Report of the Audit and Risk Committee

continued

for the year ended 28 February 2021:

letter, the audit plan and the budgeted audit fees payable to the

external auditors.

• No non-audit services were provided by the external auditors during the 2021 financial year.

Quality of

external audit

• The quality of the audit has been of a high standard with independence and objectivity always at the

forefront.

Approval of

annual and

interim financial

statements

• Considered the accounting treatments and the appropriateness of the accounting policies. The accounting

policies applied in the 2021 financial statements are consistent with those applied in the prior year.

• Reviewed a documented assessment by management of the going concern premise of the Company and

the Group before recommending to the Board that the Company and the Group will be going concerns in

the foreseeable future.

• Met separately with management and external auditors and was satisfied that there were no material

control weaknesses.

• Reviewed the representation: letter relating to the consolidated and separate financial statements.

• Previous reportable irregularities pertaining to the non-submission of annual tax returns, as required by

the Income Tax At, No 58 of 1962, and non-compliance with section 30 of the Companies Act in terms of

preparing and approving of the statutory annual financial statements within six months after the end of

its financial year of the individual annual financial statements have been finalised and audited. The 2021

financial statements, therefore, contain no reportable irregularities.

• Ensured that appropriate financial reporting procedures exist and are working, which included

consideration of all entities included in the consolidated financial statements, and confirmed that the

Committee had access to all Brikor’s financial information to confirm the effective preparation and

reporting of the Group and Company’s financial statements.

• Examined the interim and annual financial information made public, prior to their approval by the Board.

Report of the Audit and Risk Committee

continued

for the year ended 28 February 2021

letter and

various further e-mail correspondence for the request for a shareholders meeting. The request to call a shareholders meeting

has for various reasons not been approved by the Independent Board of Brikor and, accordingly, the directors applied to the

court in terms of section 61(5) of the Companies Act for an order to set aside the request for a shareholders meeting on the

grounds that the request is frivolous and/or otherwise vexatious.

Court proceedings have commenced in the High Court of South Africa under Case Number 11622/2020 and court dates are

being awaited subsequent to the receipt of an additional request for a shareholders meeting as noted below.

As announced on SENS on 15 and 19 February 2021, the Company Secretary received a: letter for the request for another

shareholders meeting. The request to call a shareholders meeting has for various reasons not been approved by the Independent

Board of Brikor and, accordingly, the directors will in accordance with the provision of section 61(5) of the Companies Act, apply

to court for an order to set aside the request for a shareholders meeting.

letter and

various further e-mail correspondence for the request for a shareholders meeting. The request to call a shareholders meeting

has for various reasons not been approved by the Independent Board of Brikor and, accordingly, the directors applied to the court

in terms of section 61(5) of the Companies Act for an order to set aside the request for a shareholders meeting on the grounds

that the request is frivolous and/or otherwise vexatious.

Court proceedings have commenced in the High Court of South Africa under Case Number 11622/2020 and court dates are being

awaited subsequent to the receipt of an additional request for a shareholders meeting as noted below.

As announced on SENS on 15 and 19 February 2021, the Company Secretary received a: letter for the request for another

shareholders meeting. The request to call a shareholders meeting has for various reasons not been approved by the Independent

Board of Brikor and, accordingly, the directors will in accordance with the provision of section 61(5) of the Companies Act, apply

to court for an order to set aside the request for a shareholders meeting.

As per note 16, a provision of R1,2 million has been made in respect of legal fees relating to the matter noted above. The case

could, however, result in additional future obligations that would require the Group to raise additional cost in respect of legal

fees. As a result of uncertainty relating to the timing and amount of potential legal fees that would need to be incurred as well

as the resultant outcome of the court case, the exact amount cannot be measured reliably at the date of these consolidated and

separate financial statements.

As at the reporting date, the litigation in respect of the request during February to call a shareholdes’ meeting was still ongoing.

Subsequently, as announced on SENS on 4 May 2021, shareholders were advised that the revised request to call a shareholders’

meeting had been withdrawn.

Letter of Representation to attend the AGM in person and vote, or, if they do not wish to attend the meeting in person, but wish to be represented thereat, provide their

CSDP or broker with their voting instructions in terms of the relevant custody agreement entered into between them and their CSDP or broker in the manner and cut-off

time stipulated therein.

An ordinary shareholder entitled to attend and vote at the AGM to be held at Wisteria Hall, Riverside Country Estate, 163 Haasbroek Road, Grootvaly, Springs at 10:00

on Wednesday, 25 August 2021 is entitled to appoint a proxy to attend, speak or vote thereat in his/her stead. A proxy need not be a shareholder of the Company.

All forms of proxy must be lodged at the Company or the Company’s transfer secretaries, Computershare Investor Services Proprietary Limited, Rosebank Towers,

15 Biermann Avenue, Rosebank 2196 (Private Bag X9000, Saxonwold, 2132) before the time appointed for the meeting, excluding Saturdays, Sundays and public

holidays or may be tendered at the meeting.

I/We (please print name in full)

of (address)

Telephone work:

Telephone home:

being an ordinary shareholder(s) of the company holding ordinary shares in the company do hereby appoint

1.

or failing him/her

2.

or failing him/her

3.

the chairman of the annual general meeting

or failing him/her the Chairperson of the AGM as my/our proxy to act for me/us at the AGM of the Company to be held on Wednesday, 25 August 2021 and at any

adjournment thereof, for the purpose of considering, and, if deemed fit, to vote for or against the resolution with or without modification and/or to abstain from voting

thereon, in respect of ordinary shares in the issued capital of the Company registered in my/our name(s) in accordance with the following instructions:

Number of votes

(one per share)

For

Against

Abstain

Ordinary resolution number 1:

Re-appointment of Ms Mamsy Mokate as an Independent Non-Executive Director

Ordinary resolution number 2:

Appointment of Ms Funeka Mtsila as an Independent Non-Executive Director

Ordinary resolution number 3:

Re-appointment of auditors, Nexia SAB&T, represented by Aadila Aboobaker

Ordinary resolution number 4:

Appointment of Mr Steve Naudé as member and Chairperson of the Audit and Risk Committee

Ordinary resolution number 5:

Appointment of Ms Mamsy Mokate as member of the Audit and Risk Committee

Ordinary resolution number 6:

Appointment of Ms Funeka Mtsila as member of the Audit and Risk Committee

Ordinary resolution number 7:

The authorised and unissued ordinary share capital of the company be and is hereby placed under

the control of the directors

Ordinary resolution number 8:

General authority to allot and issue ordinary shares for cash

Ordinary resolution number 9:

Non-binding endorsement of Brikor’s Remuneration Policy

Ordinary resolution number 10:

Non-binding endorsement of Brikor’s Remuneration Implementation Report

Special resolution number 1:

General authority to the Company to repurchase its own shares

Special resolution number 2:

Section 45 authority to provide financial assistance to companies related to or inter-related to Brikor

Special resolution number 3:

Section 44 authority to provide financial assistance to companies related to or inter-related to Brikor

Ordinary resolution number 11:

Authorisation of the Directors to implement the special and ordinary resolutions

Insert an “X” in the appropriate block. If no indications are given, the proxy will vote as he/she deems fit. Each member entitled to participate and vote at the

meeting may appoint one or more proxies (who need not be a member of the Company) to attend, speak and vote in his/her stead.

Signed at

on

2021

Signature

Assisted by (where applicable)

Please read the notes on the reverse side hereof.

Registration number: 1998/013247/06 • Incorporated in the

Republic of South Africa • JSE code: BIK • ISIN: ZAE000101945

(“Brikor” or “the Company” or “the Group”)

Brikor Limited

FORM OF PROXY:

