letter

11

CEO’s review

13

CFO’s review

18

Three year review

ABOUT DRDGOLD

21

Who we are

22

Our history

23

Our business model

31

Where we operate

33

The value we created and distributed

35

Strategy and outlook

40

Risks and opportunities

45

Our operating environment

VALUE CREATION, STRATEGY AND PERFORMANCE

53

Digitally enabling our organisation

55

Health and safety review

58

Social value-add

61

Our stakeholder groups

63

Operational performance

66

Employee relations

69

Environmental value-add

75

Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves

GOVERNANCE

84

Directors and management

86

Corporate governance

96

Remuneration report

OTHER INFORMATION

110 Reporting in line with GRI Standards

116 Independent assurance practitioner’s report

118 Glossary of terms and abbreviations

121 Administration and contact details

CONTENTS

HOW TO USE AND INTERACT WITH THIS REPORT

Home

Search

Undo

Previous page

Next page

Bookmark

Web content

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Some of the information in this report may

contain projections or other forward-looking

statements regarding future events or other

financial performance, including information

relating to our Group, that are based on

the beliefs of our management, as well as

assumptions made by and information currently

available to our management. When used in

this report, the words “estimate”, “project”,

“believe”, “anticipate”, “intend”, “expect” and

similar expressions are intended to identify

forward-looking statements. Such statements

reflect our current views with respect to future

events and are subject to risks, uncertainties

and assumptions. Many factors could cause the

actual results, performance or achievements to

be materially different from any future results,

performance or achievements that may be

expressed or implied by such forward-looking

statements, including, among others, adverse

changes or uncertainties in general economic

conditions in the markets we serve, a drop in the

gold price, a prolonged strengthening of the

rand against the dollar, regulatory developments

adverse to DRDGOLD or difficulties in

maintaining necessary licences or other

governmental approvals, changes in DRDGOLD’s

competitive position, changes in business

strategy, any major disruption in production

at key facilities or adverse changes in foreign

exchange rates and various other factors.

These risks include, without limitation, those

described in the section entitled “Risk Factors”

included in our Form 20-F for the fiscal year

ended 30 June 2021, which we filed with

the United States Securities and Exchange

Commission (SEC) on 28 October 2021. You

should not place undue reliance on these

forward-looking statements, which speak only

as of the date thereof. We do not undertake any

obligation to publicly update or revise these

forward-looking statements to reflect events

or circumstances after the date of this report

or the occurrence of unanticipated events.

Any forward-looking statement included in this

report has not been reviewed or reported on by

DRDGOLD’s auditors.

2 791

employees and contractors

I n t h i s i n t e g ra t e d r e p o r t , we a d d r e s s t h e p e r fo r m a n c e

a n d s u s t a i n a b l e va l u e c re a t i o n o f E rgo M i n i n g

P r o p ri e t a r y L i m i t e d a n d Fa r We s t G o l d Re c ove r i e s

P r o p ri e t a r y L i m i t e d , t h e r e c l a m a t i o n o p e ra t i o n s ow n e d

a n d m a n a ge d by D R D G O L D L i m i t e d d u r i n g t h e f i n a n c i a l

y e a r f r o m 1 Ju ly 2 0 2 0 t o 3 0 Ju n e 2 0 2 1

PAGE 6

DRDGOLD LIMITED ANNUAL INTEGRATED REPORT 2021

OVERVIEW

ABOUT DRDGOLD

VALUE CREATION, STRATEGY AND PERFORMANCE

GOVERNANCE

OTHER INFORMATION:

LETTER

“It’s worth taking a moment to reflect on how

this corporate success has impacted on the wider

community and South Africa as a whole.”

Geoffrey Campbell / Chairman

REFLECTION

tailings storage facilities that we are building today

that will be around long after we are all forgotten.

We have concluded definitive feasibility studies of a

huge tailing retreatment investment in the West Rand

along with power generation and storage projects

in the East Rand that will improve the economics of

our operations and reduce our carbon footprint. Both

projects are subject to regulatory approvals. These

mega-projects require detailed planning and analysis

to ensure that the design is safe, it is robust enough

to deal with future uncertainties and provide an

adequate return to investors. With such a significant

long-term investment we need to weigh up the

political uncertainty and potential changes to the

regulatory environment.

In addition to the capital projects that will provide

future growth, we are always working with new

ideas to help us gain a competitive advantage to

process the material more efficiently and extract

an extra percentage of gold. The series of small

continuous improvements has an accumulative

effect to make a significant difference to ensure all

of our operations are more sustainable.

This is my last: letter to the shareholders as I will

leave DRDGOLD on 30 November 2021.

I am extremely happy to be handing over to

Timothy Cumming who will be taking over. After a

detailed search of external and internal candidates,

he was selected to be the next Chair. He has been

on the Board of DRDGOLD since August 2020 and

also sits on the Board of Sibanye-Stillwater. He

has extensive relevant experience and skill and is

ideally placed to lead the Board in the next phase of

DRDGOLD’s journey.

28 October 2021

PAGE 10

DRDGOLD LIMITED ANNUAL INTEGRATED REPORT 2021

OVERVIEW

ABOUT DRDGOLD

VALUE CREATION, STRATEGY AND PERFORMANCE

GOVERNANCE

OTHER INFORMATION

letter, a newspaper

article reports that the third wave

of COVID-19 in South Africa is over.

Our staff’s response to our infection

avoidance protocols of hygiene and

social distancing, and now also in terms

of taking the vaccine, has helped contain

the impact of the virus to the point

that it has had no noticeable effect on

business performance and disruption.

Sadly, for two of our colleagues the opportunity to

take the vaccine came too late. Our Chairperson pays

homage to them in his: letter, and I echo his views,

adding to it my frustration that for them, a more

inclusive and less centralised approach to the vaccine

roll-out may well have meant the difference between

life and death. We continue to encourage our staff to

take the vaccine in anticipation of the fourth wave,

and so far, the take-up has been encouraging.

In terms of our operating environment, the impact of

the virus has been far more profound. Our business

operates amidst the poorest of the poor and the

disruption caused by prolonged restrictions on

movement and economic activity extends beyond

the sectors affected in the formal economy. The

impact it has had on livelihoods in the ‘per-day’

informal economy has been nothing short of

devastating, exacerbated by the continued absence

or collapse of basic support and services on the

part of the State. Those trapped in this situation

have no jobs, poor medical care, very little access

to education, no income, and no hope. Although

the top-up of social grants – in no small measure

facilitated by the contribution of the minerals

industry to the fiscus – brought some relief, it was

not enough, and the discontent that has been

simmering for many years erupted early in July,

triggered by the incarceration of former president,

Jacob Zuma. For five days South Africa held its

collective breath and watched in horror as key

logistical lines were disrupted and valuable strategic

infrastructure plundered and destroyed.

While the State held meeting after meeting, civil

society united to hold the line until, finally, the army

was deployed to restore law and order. In the noise

of commentary and expert opinions that followed,

one opinion from a young social scientist in Pretoria

resonated strongly with the underlying motivation

that informs our approach to social capital. Amidst

‘expert’ arguments of emerging ‘enclaves’ and the

decentralisation of the legitimate use of force,

she urged the private sector to, in the void left by

an absent State, establish inclusive, depoliticised

diplomatic relations and partnerships and to

help implement non-exclusive socio-economic

solutions that deliver sustainable outcomes to a

broader society. Simply put, the implications of

the events of July and of her recommendations

CEO’S REVIEW

“We have been very disciplined in our capital

investment strategy to provide both resilience during

the downcycle and opportunity during the upcycle.”

Niël Pretorius / Chief Executive Officer

RESILIENCE

are that sustainability and social stability, or the

‘S’ in ESG, have assumed a relevance beyond social

responsibility and equity. It has become an essential

component in the toolkit of business in South Africa

to prevent anarchy and to maintain an operating

environment within which businesses are able to

grow and flourish – an environment in which it is

both safe and responsible to invest capital.

DRDGOLD AS A SOCIAL PARTNER

Our social capital footprint is extensive. It has been

built up over many years and over a large area, and

this network stood us in good stead in the relief

campaigns we drove during the hard lockdown. We

are now aiming to extend that and, in the months

to come, will be carefully considering each of the 25

social investment programmes, ranging from early

childhood development to sustainable land use that

the applied-research team of E-Enterprises, University

of Pretoria has crafted for us. Ultimately our vision

is to play a role, as a social partner, in breaking the

cycle of dependency in these abandoned communities

by leveraging the combined potential of social grant

inflows and the informal economy. The idea ultimately

is for communities to, through knowledge transfer

and self-empowerment, transform their informal

settlements into sustainable ‘villages’, into microcosms

of economic and social sustainability.

“It has been an incredibly

rewarding and satisfying

journey during which the

‘embattled DRDGOLD’ became

a brand worn with pride by its

staff and management.”

28 October 2021

PAGE 11

DRDGOLD LIMITED ANNUAL INTEGRATED REPORT 2021

OVERVIEW

ABOUT DRDGOLD

VALUE CREATION, STRATEGY AND PERFORMANCE

GOVERNANCE

OTHER INFORMATION

MANAGING DIRECTOR: ERGO

MINING PROPRIETARY LIMITED

Mark Burrell (59)

BCom (Accounting), MDP

FINANCIAL DIRECTOR: ERGO

MINING PROPRIETARY LIMITED

Kevin Kruger (53)

BscEng (Mechanical

Engineering), MDP, PMD,

Government Certificate of

Competency (Mines): MANAGING DIRECTOR: FAR

WEST GOLD RECOVERIES

PROPRIETARY LIMITED

Henriette Hooijer (41)

BCom (Hons), CA(SA)

FINANCIAL DIRECTOR: FAR

WEST GOLD RECOVERIES

PROPRIETARY LIMITED

Thulo Mogotsi-Moletsane

(53)

BA, LLB

CHAIRMAN AND NON-

EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR:

ERGO MINING OPERATIONS

PROPRIETARY LIMITED

Elise Beukes (44)

BProc

COMPANY SECRETARY

Shalin Naidoo (44)

BTech, MBA

CHIEF INFORMATION AND

TECHNOLOGY OFFICER

1

5

6

7

8

2

3

4

1

3

7

2

8

5

6

4

PAGE 85

DRDGOLD LIMITED ANNUAL INTEGRATED REPORT 2021

OVERVIEW

ABOUT DRDGOLD

VALUE CREATION, STRATEGY AND PERFORMANCE

GOVERNANCE

OTHER INFORMATION

CLOSE

managing director and financial director based at the respective operations who are responsible for the day to day management thereof.

Audit Committee

Risk Committee

Social and Ethics Committee

Nominations Committee

Remuneration Committee

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CONTINUED

PAGE 87

DRDGOLD LIMITED ANNUAL INTEGRATED REPORT 2021

OVERVIEW

ABOUT DRDGOLD

VALUE CREATION, STRATEGY AND PERFORMANCE

GOVERNANCE

OTHER INFORMATION:

LETTER

It is with pleasure that I present DRDGOLD’s annual

remuneration report for FY2021, being my first

as Chairman of the Remuneration Committee, on

behalf of the Remuneration Committee and the

Board of Directors.

This report contains two sections. Part A focuses on

remuneration governance and policy and Part B focuses

on remuneration of executive directors, prescribed

officers, senior management, and fees paid to non-

executive directors.

During these unprecedented times associated with

the COVID-19 lockdown regulations, it was gratifying

to note that the Company’s Remuneration Policy

continued to drive positive outcomes and guided the

executive directors, prescribed officers and senior

management in their efforts to achieve stellar results

and deliver on DRDGOLD’s strategic objectives.

“During these unprecedented times associated

with the COVID-19 lockdown regulations, it was

gratifying to note that the Company’s Remuneration

Policy continued to drive positive outcomes.”

Jean Nel / Chairman: Remuneration Committee

GOOD GOVERNANCE

The Company continued to pay all employees in

full during the various phases of lockdown and did

not need to reduce the staff complement. These are

remarkable achievements, given the difficulties that

so many other employers in the economy faced at

the time.

The Company met most of its performance metrics

during the year under review, emphasising the

value of aligning remuneration strategy with both

individual and Company performance.

During the year in question:

• The remuneration policy and implementation

report, Long-term incentive (LTI) and director

fees were tabled for non-binding advisory votes

at the Annual General Meeting (AGM) held on

1 December 2020. The results were as follows:

• Endorsement of the Remuneration policy: Votes

in favour – 99.60%

• Endorsement of the Implementation report:

Votes in favour – 99.78%

• Approval of Non-executive Directors’

remuneration: Votes in favour – 95.99%

• PwC performed a benchmarking assignment to

assess the appropriateness of the remuneration

of the Non-executive Directors, both in terms

of structure and in quantum. The Remuneration

Committee unanimously recommended to the

Board that non-executive recommendations

contained in the PwC report be adopted and

approved by the Board. These recommendations

will be submitted for shareholders’ approval at the

forthcoming AGM

• The Remuneration Committee resolved to

benchmark all three components (guaranteed

remuneration, STI and LTI) of the remuneration of

28 October 2021

the executive directors as well as that of the Chief

Operating Officer against peers and the market.

Deloitte was mandated to perform this function

and submitted its findings to the Remuneration

Committee in August 2021. Of specific interest

to the Committee was how ESG considerations

are currently reflected in the remuneration of our

executive directors, how this impacts behaviour

and whether or not this aspect should be

incorporated more explicitly in the remuneration

of our executives. The Remuneration Committee

is currently engaged in a number of work streams

emanating from the Deloitte report. Any changes

will be communicated to shareholders at the

appropriate time.

Lastly, I would like to confirm that your

Remuneration Committee remains absolutely

committed to upholding good corporate governance

and remuneration best practice, in line with the

guidelines provided by the King Commission.

PAGE 96

DRDGOLD LIMITED ANNUAL INTEGRATED REPORT 2021

OVERVIEW

ABOUT DRDGOLD

VALUE CREATION, STRATEGY AND PERFORMANCE

GOVERNANCE

OTHER INFORMATION:

