Dear shareholders and stakeholders

Harmony’s excellent results for the 2021 financial year (FY21) were

based on implementing its strategic objectives as stated in the CEO’s

report. These results were achieved despite ongoing macro-

economic uncertainties as the world deals with successive waves

of the Covid-19 pandemic.

Gold, once more reflected its safe-haven investment status,

as its price climbed from around US$1 500/oz in early 2020

when Covid-19 was declared a global pandemic and peaked at

US$2 063/oz in August 2020, when vaccines became a reality and

investors began rotating out of gold into other investment classes.

At year end, the gold price was US$1 769.80/oz, reaffirming our

positive outlook on the commodity in a volatile macro-environment.

For Harmony, this translated into an 18% increase in the US$/oz

gold price received compared to the prior year. Gold production

also increased by 26% from the 2020 financial year (FY20) when

production was significantly affected by national lockdowns in

South Africa in the final quarter of FY20 and the integration of

Mponeng and related assets into our portfolio from October 2020.

The company recorded a commendable 66% increase in production

profit in the year under review.

As planned, the newly acquired assets of Mponeng and related

assets, which accounted for 19% of group production in just nine

months, boosted production to over 1.54Moz.

The Harmony share price moved in tandem with the gold price and

a stronger Rand, coming off its peak last year to close at R52.76 per

share, resulting in a market capitalisation of R32.5 billion

(US$2.3 billion) at 30 June 2021.

The South African gold-mining industry

In calendar 2020, the South African industry employed 93 682

people, paid R25.6 billion (US$1.6 billion) in wages, salaries and

employee benefits and recorded gold sales of R78.2 billion

(US$4.8 billion).

Integrated annual report 2021

31

ABOUT HARMONY:

managing director

of CEPA, the minister for mining, and the independent state of

Papua New Guinea seeking judicial review of granting an

environment permit for the Wafi-Golpu project. The WGJV

participants, namely Wafi Mining Limited and Newcrest PNG 2

Limited, are not parties to the proceeding.

The joint-venture partners continue to engage with the various

structures to resolve the impasse and are confident that the mining

lease permit will be awarded in the near future.

The WGJV social licence to operate is in good standing and

continues to receive support from the project impact area

communities, including coastal communities. There is overwhelming

support and an expectation from those communities for project

permitting delays to be addressed and expedited by the state in

accordance with legislation.

The environmental permit has been issued, and included a

requirement for WGJV to conduct a consultative roadshow with

affected stakeholders. WGJV completed this roadshow in March

2021, focusing on Huon Gulf coastal awareness for local landowner

groups in Labuta, Salamaua and Wampar. Over 2 330 people

attended, with the main concerns raised being DSTP, monitoring for

environmental damages and inclusive project benefits. This last issue

has become more prominent.

As regards the permitting of the Wafi-Golpu project under the

PNG Mining Act 1992, engagement between the WGJV participants

and the State Negotiating Team was stayed by a judicial review

instituted in January 2019 by the Governor of the Morobe Province

regarding a Memorandum of Understanding entered into between

the WGJV Participants and the State. The proceedings were

dismissed in January 2020, but negotiations did not resume until

July 2021, when the State Negotiation Team tabled a significantly

revised terms sheet for the Mining Development Contract. The

WGJV participants have tabled their response to the revised terms

sheet, and are awaiting the response of the State Negotiating Team.

Integrated annual report 2021

59

WORLD IN WHICH WE CREATE VALUE:

letter (cases including other conditions, specifically tuberculosis, are not included in this number)

Social and labour

plans (SLPs)

Social and labour plans aimed at promoting employment and advancing the social and economic welfare of all

South Africans while ensuring economic growth and socio-economic development as stipulated in the MPRDA

SOP

Standard operating procedure

Tailings/TSF

Tailings are finely ground rock of low residual value from which valuable minerals have been extracted. Discarded

tailings are deposited and stored in tailings storage facilities (TSF)

TB

Tuberculosis

TCFD

Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures. The task force, established in 2015 by the Financial Stability

Board (FSB), will develop voluntary, consistent climate-related financial risk disclosures for use by companies to

provide information to investors, banks, lenders and insurers. Increasing the amount of reliable information on

financial institutions’ exposure to climate-related risks and opportunities will strengthen the stability of the financial

system, contribute to greater understanding of climate-related risks and facilitate financing the transition to a more

stable and sustainable economy

Tonne/ton (t)

Metric = 1 000 kilograms/Imperial = 2 000 pounds (1 016 kilograms)

UASA

Formerly the United Association of South Africa, now known as UASA

US

United States of America

US$

United States dollar

Volume of mineral

waste disposed

(tonnes)

Mineral waste consists of waste rock and slimes/tailings:

• Waste rock refers to the amount of waste rock produced and/or hoisted to surface and placed on a waste rock

disposal site during the reporting year

• Slimes/tailings refers to the total amount of slimes/tailings produced by the processing plant during the reporting

month

Waste

Material with insufficient mineralisation for future treatment and discarded

Water used for

primary activity

(kilolitres)

The total make-up or new water drawn into the boundaries of the operation from all sources (including surface

water, groundwater and municipal water supply or water utilities) for use for mining and processing-related activities

including use by contractors (excludes internally recycled water, affected fissure water, water discharged to receiving

environment and supply to third parties such as communities and businesses)

Weighted average

number of

ordinary shares

Number of ordinary shares in issue at the beginning of the year, increased by shares issued during the year, weighted

on a time basis for the period in which they have participated in the income of the company, and increased by share

options that are virtually certain to be exercised

Yield

Amount of valuable mineral or metal recovered from each unit mass of ore expressed as ounces per short ton or

grams per metric tonne

Integrated annual report 2021

107

ANCILLARY INFORMATION:

