letter of the findings.

During the year the compliance function provided reports to the

Management Risk Committee and the Social, Ethics and

Transformation Committee on the level of regulatory compliance

by the Company to the applicable mining and related legislation,

regulations, standards, best practices and codes that have been

identified to be of importance.

The compliance function reports operationally to the Company

Secretary and has regular direct contact with the Chief Financial

Officer, Chief Executive and senior management. In addition, the

compliance function attends key management and governance

meetings.

Annual compliance certificate

The annual compliance certificate confirming the Company’s

compliance with the JSE Listings Requirements for the period

was completed and will be submitted to the JSE on 15 April 2022.

Trading in securities

Kumba has a defined trading in securities policy, which is in

alignment with the JSE Listings Requirements, and sets out

provisions as to how trading is to be conducted by Kumba’s

directors, directors of Kumba’s major subsidiaries, the Company

Secretary and relevant employees when dealing in the

Company’s securities, to prevent the misuse of inside information.

The Kumba policy and JSE Listings Requirements prohibit

directors and employees from trading in any securities relating

to Kumba without obtaining prior approval from the Chairperson

of the Board or other designated directors.

Governance

50

Kumba Iron Ore Limited Integrated Report 2021

Corporate governance:

Letter from the Chairperson of the Human Resource

and Remuneration Committee (Remco)

Ntombi Langa-Royds

Chairperson of the Human Resources and

Remuneration Committee

Remuneration

report

Delivering our responsibilities as Remco

One of Kumba’s strategic objectives, as part of its 2017

Tswelelopele strategy, is to be the employer of choice in the

South African mining sector. As members of Remco, it is our

responsibility to assist Kumba to deliver on this objective by

ensuring that we have appropriate remuneration and reward

practices in place, particularly at the executive level. As Remco,

we seek to ensure that Kumba provides competitive remuneration

that is seen as fair and appropriate in the context of general

market conditions and overall employee remuneration, and that

provides the right incentives to ensure delivery of the Company’s

strategic objectives over the short, medium and long term.

Each year, the performance of the Kumba executive team, and

overall workforce, is assessed collectively against the Kumba

business unit scorecard, as agreed with Anglo American and

sanctioned by this Remco. Members of the executive team are

mutually responsible for delivering on the scorecard’s operational

and strategic objectives, and ultimately are held accountable by

the Chief Executive and the Board for their individual contribution

to achieving the team goals. The Chief Executive is measured

against their personal scorecard, which is aligned with the

Kumba scorecard. Remco is also responsible for reviewing the

Company’s remuneration disclosure in Kumba’s annual

integrated report to ensure that it is accessible, accurate and

complete, and that it is aligned with best practice governance

requirements. Through this disclosure, we strive to provide

sufficient forward looking information for shareholders to assess

the remuneration policy and to approve a resolution in terms of

section 66(9) of the Companies Act, 2008.

Fiduciary duty

Remuneration consultants are engaged by, and report directly to

the Human Resources and Remuneration Committee and must

be independent from Kumba Iron Ore and Anglo American

management. Consultation fees are contractually agreed.

Bowmans is appointed as the external, independent

Remuneration Advisor to the Human Resources and

Remuneration Committee and their inputs into the Remuneration

Policy and its implementation have been independent and

objective.

The Human Resources and Remuneration Committee trust this

remuneration report provides an accurate overview of the

company-wide remuneration policy and its implementation for

2021and believes that the Policy has met its objectives.

Effective delivery of Kumba’s long-term growth strategy depends ultimately on the quality of its

people and the strength of its leadership team. Our role as the Human Resources and Remuneration

Committee (Remco) is to ensure that the Company has the right remuneration and incentive policies

and practices in place so that Kumba continues to attract, motivate, and retain the best people.

In addition to directly influencing Kumba’s ability for long-term value creation, a company’s

remuneration practices are also of particular interest to many of its stakeholders.

Our performance

112

Kumba Iron Ore Limited Integrated Report 2021

Remuneration report:

