Letter from the Chair

10

Strategic

report

12-99

Chief Executive Officer’s Q&A

14

Our business model

16

Section 172 statement

20

External context

24

Our strategy

28

Our growth priorities

28

Strategic framework

30

Strategic performance

32

Key performance indicators

42

Mondi Action Plan 2030

(including our TCFD disclosure)

44

Business unit trading review

78

Financial review

82

Principal risks

86

Viability statement

98

Governance

100-163

Chair’s introduction

102

Board of directors

104

Executive Committee and Company Secretary 106

Corporate governance report

108

Nominations Committee

121

Audit Committee

126

Sustainable Development Committee

133

Remuneration report

136

Other statutory information

162

Financial

statements

164-254

Directors’ responsibility statement

167

Independent auditors’ report

168

Financial statements

177

Group financial record

240

Production statistics and exchange rates

242

Alternative Performance Measures

243

Additional information for shareholders

248

Shareholder information

250

Glossary of terms

254

Our full suite of 2021 reports is available

alongside video stories of our year in review

at the address below

Our 2021 year in review

www.mondigroup.com/year-in-review-2021:

Letter from the Chair

Basic underlying earnings per share

(euro cents)

148.9

154.0

129.3

171.1

189.1

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

154.0

euro

cents

Philip Yea

Chair

I am pleased to report that Mondi has

delivered a strong financial and operational

performance in 2021 and has continued to

make good progress against our long-term

strategic priorities, both commercially and

in the area of sustainability. Such progress

would not have been possible without the

strong entrepreneurial and collaborative

culture that connects our people across

the world.

Unpacking long-term opportunity

Our consistent approach to investing

in award-winning innovation, improved

operational efficiency and our high-quality

assets is the reason we enjoy significant

opportunities to grow value for all our

stakeholders.

2021 saw an acceleration of these

opportunities across a number of

key areas, most notably the growing

demand for sustainable packaging and

eCommerce solutions. As always, we

work closely with our customers to meet

the evolving expectations of consumers.

The combination of our customers’

ambitions and Mondi’s unique expertise

in key packaging materials has driven the

product innovations that you can find

illustrated elsewhere in this report.

In the same way as our long-term strategy

has prepared us well for these growth

opportunities, the competitive advantages

enjoyed by our business have helped us

to navigate the challenges of the past year.

Our vertically integrated network and the

agility of our production sites ensured we

met surging demand at a time when supply

chains continued to operate under the

strain of pandemic pressure.

The Group’s robust financial position

continues to provide us with the strategic

flexibility to invest behind new opportunities,

particularly through disciplined capital

allocation that strengthens our high-quality

cost-advantaged asset base. Given these

opportunities and our financing flexibility,

we are accelerating our growth in

packaging with our latest capital investment

programme, currently including around

€1 billion of expansionary value-enhancing

projects approved or under advanced

evaluation. We continue to actively evaluate

further capital investments for growth in

the packaging markets where we operate.

As a Board, we differentiate between

the short-term impacts of our changing

landscape and the long-term structural

changes that will shape the needs

of our stakeholders far into the future.

We empower our people to respond

to a fast-changing operating and market

environment in the near term, while

leveraging our strong balance sheet to

accelerate investment in areas which will

drive value accretive growth sustainably

over a longer timeframe. The Board is

confident that our businesses can deliver

growth on both these timelines.

Making progress on our ambitious

sustainability targets

2021 was the first year of our Mondi

Action Plan 2030 (MAP2030) sustainability

framework. This plan sets out how circular

driven solutions, created by empowered

people, taking action on climate will be

crucial for the future of our business

and the people, places and ecosystems

that matter so much to Mondi and

our stakeholders.

I’m pleased to say that our sharpened

focus on these three action areas has

been well received across our stakeholder

groups. In 2021, we built roadmaps that

clearly define the actions our businesses

will take to drive positive impacts against

our MAP2030 commitments, and a

scorecard to measure progress against

our reusable, recyclable or compostable

product commitment, along with metrics

for measuring purposeful work and

employee wellbeing.

You can find more detail in this report

and in our 2021 Sustainable Development

report. Our Remuneration report also sets

out how these goals are being incorporated

into our incentive arrangements.

When it comes to climate action, we

continue to make progress against our

long-standing commitment of reducing

greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and

we have achieved a 25% reduction against

our 2014 baseline. The investments we

make to improve efficiency, eliminate

waste and tackle emissions support our

ambitious long-term targets based on

the latest science.

CapabilitY

+ agility

Mondi Group Integrated report and financial statements 2021

10:

managing director at

Investcorp from 1999 to 2004, leaving to become CEO

of 3i Group plc, a role he held until 2009.

He has held a number of non-executive roles, including

Chair at Equiniti Group plc, Greene King plc and bwin.

party digital entertainment plc; Senior Independent

Director at Vodafone Group plc, Manchester United

plc and Computacenter plc; and non-executive

director at Marshall of Cambridge (Holdings) Ltd,

Aberdeen Standard Asia Focus plc, Rocket Internet

SE and HBOS plc.

Current external appointments

None.

Mondi Group Integrated report and financial statements 2021

104:

Managing Director, Europe until the business was

acquired in 2016.

Sue was a non-executive director of Bakkavor

Group plc from 2017 to 2020, and a member of the

Supervisory Board of AkzoNobel NV until April 2021.

Current external appointments

Senior Independent Director at Imperial Brands plc,

and a non-executive director of Britvic plc and Tulchan

Communications LLP.

Skills and experience

Angela brings to the Board extensive experience of

operating in large, international companies in a broad

range of both executive and non-executive roles,

bringing valuable knowledge including operations,

technology and sustainability.

After graduating, Angela spent two years with the

Institute of Geological Sciences before joining BP plc

in 1982, where she held a number of international roles,

including in the USA, Far East and Angola. She went

on to hold various senior leadership and technology/

engineering-focused roles with BP. From 2012 to 2014

she was Head of the Group Chief Executive’s Office

before being appointed Chief Scientist and Head

of Downstream Technology in 2014. In 2018 she was

appointed to BP’s Group Executive Management

Team, a position she held until her retirement in 2020.

Angela was honoured with a Damehood (DBE) in

2017, and is a Fellow of the Royal Society, a Fellow

of the Royal Academy of Engineers and the Institute

of Chemical Engineers, as well as an honorary Fellow

of the UK Energy Institute. Angela holds honorary

DSc degrees from Royal Holloway University and

the University of Bradford, and she is an honorary

professor of the University of Manchester.

Current external appointments

Non-executive director of Severn Trent Plc, SSE plc

and Rolls-Royce Holdings plc.

Svein Richard

Brandtzaeg

Non-Executive

Director

Appointed to the Board

April 2021

Independent

Yes

Committee memberships

Audit, Nominations,

Sustainable Development

Qualifications

PhD in Chemical

Engineering from the

Norwegian University of

Science and Technology

Skills and experience

Svein Richard has a strong commercial and strategic

background as a former chief executive of Norsk

Hydro ASA and more recently as a non-executive

director on a number of Boards. His experience

of leading a global industrial group brings valuable

insight to the Board.

He started his career at Ardal og Sunndal Verk AS,

the Norwegian state-owned aluminium business

before it merged with Norsk Hydro ASA. Svein Richard

went on to hold a variety of management roles at

Norsk Hydro, leading a number of its businesses

before being appointed chief executive in 2009,

a position he held until retiring in 2019.

Current external appointments

Chair of Veidekke ASA (Svein Richard has notified the

Board he will be stepping down from this position in

May 2022), Vice Chair of Den Norske Bank ASA, and

a non-executive director of Swiss Steel Holding AG

and Eramet Norway.

Dominique

Reiniche

Non-Executive

Director

Appointed to the Board

October 2015

Independent

Yes

Committee memberships

Nominations,

Remuneration,

Sustainable Development

(Chair)

Qualifications

MBA from ESSEC

Business School in Paris

Skills and experience

Dominique has extensive understanding of operating

in senior business leadership positions in Europe as

well as international strategic, consumer marketing and

innovation experience, allowing her to provide valuable

insight to the Board.

She started her career with Procter & Gamble before

moving to Kraft Jacobs Suchard as Director of Marketing

and Strategy where she was also a member of their

executive committee. After helping Jacobs Suchard

through its acquisition by Kraft-Mondelez, Dominique

joined The Coca-Cola System in 1992, starting as Marketing

and Sales Director and then holding various roles of

increasing responsibility up to General Manager France.

From 2002 to early 2005 she was CEO Europe for

Coca-Cola Enterprises and from 2005 she was CEO

Europe for the Coca-Cola Company and then Chair

from 2013 until stepping down in 2014.

Dominique was a non-executive director of Peugeot-

Citroen SA between 2012 and 2015, AXA SA between

2005 and 2017 and Severn Trent Plc between 2016

and 2021.

Current external appointments

Non-executive director and Chair of Chr. Hansen

Holding A/S and Eurostar International Limited

and a non-executive director of Deliveroo plc and

Paypal (Europe).

Mondi Group Integrated report and financial statements 2021

105

Overview

Strategic report

Governance

Financial statements:

letter of appointment

setting out, among other things, their

term of appointment, the expected time

commitment for their duties to Mondi and

details of any committees of which they

will be a member. Non-executive directors

are initially appointed for a three-year

term, after which a review is undertaken to

consider renewal of the term for a further

three years. However, Mondi follows

governance best practice with all directors

standing for re-election by shareholders

at each Annual General Meeting.

Board appointments

to assist with the selection process

External independent search agent engaged

the long list to include male and female candidates from

a variety of backgrounds

Search conducted and long list of potential candidates

provided for consideration

for interview by the Chair and at least one other appropriate director

Short list chosen from long list

for interview by other executive and non-executive directors

Short list reduced to an agreed number of candidates

including ability to commit time to the role and any potential conflicts

of interest, and makes a recommendation to the Board

Nominations Committee considers the preferred candidates

and whether to proceed with the appointment

Board considers the recommendation

taking into account succession and diversity requirements, and candidate

specification drawn up

Agreement of key business experience and skills required

Mondi Group Integrated report and financial statements 2021

123

Overview

Strategic report

Governance

Financial statements:

letter of allotment or

transfer was lodged with Mondi, send to the allottee or transferee a notice of the refusal.

The directors may decline to register any instrument of transfer unless the instrument of the transfer: (i) is in respect of only one class

of share; (ii) is lodged at the transfer office (duly stamped if required), accompanied by the relevant share certificate(s) and such other

evidence as the directors may reasonably require to show the right of the transferor to make the transfer (and, if the instrument of transfer

is executed by some other person on their behalf, the authority of that person to do so); and (iii) is fully paid.

Subject to the Companies Act 2006 and regulations and applicable CREST rules, the directors may determine that any class of shares

may be held in uncertificated form and that title to such shares may be transferred by means of the CREST system, or that shares of any

class should cease to be so held and transferred.

A shareholder does not need to obtain the approval of Mondi, or of other shareholders of Mondi, for a transfer of shares to take place.

Notwithstanding the above, some of the Mondi employee share plans include restrictions on transfer of shares while the shares are subject

to such plan.

Directors

Directors shall be no less than four and no more than 20 in number. A director is not required to hold any shares of Mondi by way of

qualification. Mondi may by special resolution increase or reduce the maximum or minimum number of directors. Each director shall retire

at the Annual General Meeting held in the third calendar year following the year in which the director was elected or last re-elected by

Mondi, or at such earlier Annual General Meeting as the directors resolve. A retiring director shall be eligible for re-election.

The Board may appoint any person to be a director (so long as the total number of directors does not exceed the limit prescribed in the

Articles). Any such director shall hold office only until the next Annual General Meeting (or if the notice of the next Annual General Meeting

has already been sent at the time of such person’s appointment, the Annual General Meeting following that one) and shall then be eligible

for re-election.

Subject to the Articles, the Companies Act 2006 and any directions given by special resolution, the business of Mondi will be managed by

the Board who may exercise all the powers of Mondi.

The Board may exercise all the powers of Mondi to borrow money and to mortgage or charge any of its undertaking, property and

uncalled capital and to issue debentures and other securities, whether outright or as collateral security for any debt, liability or obligation of

Mondi or of any third party.

Indemnities

As at the date of this report, indemnities are in force under which Mondi has agreed to indemnify its directors, to the extent permitted by

law and the Articles in respect of all losses arising out of, or in connection with, the execution of their powers, duties and responsibilities, as

directors of Mondi or any of its subsidiaries.

Significant agreements: change of control

All of Mondi’s employee share plans contain provisions relating to a change of control. Outstanding awards and options would normally

vest and become exercisable on a change of control, subject to the satisfaction of any performance conditions at that time and under

certain plans, time pro-rating. The Group also has in place certain borrowing facilities and banking arrangements, some of which could be

cancelled, become immediately payable or subject to acceleration upon a change of control of Mondi. Of these arrangements, only two

facility agreements are considered to be significant to the Group. There are no other significant agreements that would take effect, alter or

terminate upon a change of control following a takeover bid.

Amendment of the Articles

Any amendments to the Articles may be made in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 2006 by way of special resolution.

Mondi Group Integrated report and financial statements 2021

249

Overview

Strategic report

Governance

Financial statements:

