Managing Director/ CEO Review

06

Board of directors

10

Senior management

12

3

BUSINESS REVIEW

Health and Safety

14

Environmental, Social & Governance

14

Corporate social responsibility

15

Review of Operations

SOUTH AFRICA

Prieska Copper Zinc-Mine Development & Exploration

19

Okiep Copper Project

24

Regional Exploration

33

AUSTRALIA

40

Corporate

41

Ore reserve and mineral resource statement

45

4

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Directors’ report

54

Auditor’s independence declaration

73

Consolidated statement of profit or loss and other

comprehensive income

74

Consolidated statement of financial position

75

Consolidated statement of cash flows

76

Consolidated statement of changes in equity

77

Notes to financial statements

78

Directors’ declaration

112

Independent auditor’s report

113

Additional ASX information

117

01

ORION MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2021:

MANAGING DIRECTOR AND

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

ORION MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2021

07:

MANAGING DIRECTOR/CEO REPORT (CONTINUED)

The successful equity raisings completed during the

year have allowed us to progress our exploration and

development programs across the Northern Cape,

with funds being used to advance exploration at

both the Prieska and OCP projects and across our

regional portfolio.

To this end, Orion signed a Memorandum of

Understanding with the Council for Geoscience of

South Africa to collaborate on joint initiatives in the

Northern Cape Province. We hope that this valuable

collaboration will help to stimulate exploration activity

and enhance regional exploration targeting across this

highly prospective region, while also unlocking new

discoveries at our projects.

WORKING WITH OUR COMMUNITIES

We have maintained our strong community

involvement during the year and engaged with the

District Department of Health and Local Municipality

to help establish the Bill Pickard Hospital Pharmacy

in Prieska as a COVID-19 vaccination centre. Orion

also progressed the Bicycles for Humanity (B4H)

initiative, with 420 bicycles donated by B4H (located

in Western Australia) and delivered to the Siyathemba

community in early April 2021. Furthermore, the Bicycling

Empowerment Network will provide basic mechanical

and assembly training for a number of potential bicycle

workshop entrepreneurs.

The Company seeks to support health and wellness

in our community and was a proud sponsor for

Chedric van Wyk, a young role model from Prieska who

travelled to Tokyo to compete in the 2021 Olympics.

Orion continued to actively engage with community

stakeholders through the established Stakeholder

Engagement Forum and directly with the community.

Our objective is to prepare the local communities

through training and development to fulfil as many of

the future roles required by Prieska Copper-Zinc Mine

as possible.

The Social and Labour Plan commitments to Human

Resource Development and Skills Development

total R42.7 million over five years from project

commencement. The Company initiated planning of

interviews and occupational assessment battery tests

for attendees of the “introduction to mining courses”

run during 2019 and 2020, to identify individuals

with the potential to be trained as “operators” and

“artisans”. These broad categories of job roles make up

approximately one-third of the proposed workforce at

the operational stage.

Our employees are the backbone of Orion. Their safety

is paramount. We will always maintain the extraordinary

measures required to ensure employee safety, and to

prevent harm – as far as is humanly possible – and this

includes the spread of COVID-19. Our on-the-ground

response to ensuring employee safety is not up for

debate – we are and will continue to ensure strict

measures to manage current and future operations.

The harsh reality is that COVID-19 will be a feature of our

lives until the vaccine can be successfully administered

as widely as possible. Until then, Orion is doing

everything possible not only to protect employees and

our communities, but also to safeguard their ability to

earn a living.

APPRECIATION

In conclusion, we would like to extend our sincere

thanks and warmest gratitude to the entire Orion team,

and to acknowledge their extraordinary dedication

and commitment during the challenges of the past

year. Many have lost family, friends and colleagues to

this disastrous pandemic and, on behalf of the Board of

Directors, our sympathy is extended to all.

Appreciation must also be extended to our broader

stakeholder “family”, and we thank our BEE partners,

our host communities, the Siyathemba Municipality,

the Siyathemba Joint Corporate Social Investment

Forum, the Orion Siyathemba Stakeholder Engagement

Forum, consultants, advisors, contractors, suppliers,

industry associations and regulators for their contribution

and assistance during the year.

To our loyal shareholders, the past year’s achievements

would not have been possible without your support.

We will continue working together to ensure the

successful delivery of our shared vision of creating

South Africa’s foremost copper and zinc producer.

Lastly, thank you to our fellow board members for their

unstinting support and carefully considered guidance

as we continue this journey of progressing our Company

to future success and reward.

DENIS WADDELL

ERROL SMART

CHAIRMAN: MANAGING DIRECTOR AND

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

ORION MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2021

08

Managing Director and then

Chairman and Non-Executive

Director until 2012. Prior to founding

Tanami Gold NL, Denis was the

Finance Director of the Metana

Minerals NL group. During the

past 36 years, Denis has gained

considerable experience in

corporate finance and operations

management of exploration and

mining companies.

DENIS WADDELL

CHAIRMAN

TOM BORMAN

NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

Errol is a geologist, registered for

JORC purposes, and has 28 years

of industry experience across

all aspects of exploration, mine

development and operations with

experience in precious and base

metals. He has held positions in

Anglogold, Cluff Mining, Metallon

Gold, Clarity Minerals LionGold

Corporation and African Stellar

Holdings. Errol’s senior executive

roles have been on several boards

of companies listed on both the

TSX and ASX and currently serves

as a Director on the Board of the

Minerals Council South Africa.

Tom is a highly experienced global

mining executive who served

more than 11 years working for

the BHP Billiton Group in various

senior managerial roles, including

that of chief financial officer. He

also held senior roles in strategy

and business development, and

served as the project manager

for the merger integration

transaction between BHP Limited

and Billiton. After leaving BHP

Billiton in 2006, Tom joined Warrior

Coal Investments, where he was

part of the executive team which

established the portfolio of assets

which became the Optimum

Group of companies.

ERROL SMART: MANAGING DIRECTOR AND

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

ORION MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2021

10

MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

WALTER SHAMU

CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER

MARTIN BOUWMEESTER

CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER AND COMPANY SECRETARY

MICHELLE JENKINS

EXECUTIVE: FINANCE AND ADMINISTRATION

ORION MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2021

12:

Managing Director. Mr Smart (PrSciNat)

is registered with the South African Council for Natural Scientific Professionals, a Recognised Overseas Professional

Organisation (PRO) for JORC purposes and has sufficient experience that is relevant to the style of mineralisation

and type of deposit under consideration and to the activity being undertaken to qualify as a Competent Person as

defined in the 2012 Edition of the JORC Code. Mr Smart consents to the inclusion in this report of the matters based

on his information in the form and context in which it appears.

The information in this report that relates to Mineral Resources is not in contravention of the JORC Code and has

been compiled and assessed under the supervision of Mr Sean Duggan, a Director and Principal Analyst at Z

Star Mineral Resource Consultants Proprietary Limited. Mr Duggan (PrSciNat) is registered with the South African

Council for Natural Scientific Professionals (Registration No. 400035/01), a PRO for JORC purposes and has sufficient

experience that is relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of deposit under consideration and to the activity

ORION MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2021

48:

Managing Director and then Chairman and Non-

Executive Director until 2012. Prior to founding Tanami Gold NL, Mr

Waddell was the Finance Director of the Metana Minerals NL group.

During the past 36 years, Mr Waddell has gained considerable

experience in corporate finance and operations management of

exploration and mining companies.

None

Member of

the Audit

Committee

Errol Smart

Appointed

26

November

2012

Managing

Director

BSc(Hons) Geology (University of Witwatersrand)

NHD Economic Geology (Technikon Witwatersrand)

(PrSciNat)

Mr Smart is a geologist, registered with the South African Council of

Natural Scientific Professionals, a Recognised Overseas Professional

Organisation in terms of the 2012 Edition of the Australasian Code

for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore

Reserves (JORC) purposes. Mr Smart has 28 years of industry

experience across all aspects of exploration, mine development

and operations with experience in precious and base metals. Mr

Smart has held positions in Anglogold, Cluff Mining, Metallon Gold,

Clarity

Minerals,

LionGold

Corporation

and

African

Stellar

Holdings. Mr Smart’s senior executive roles have been on several

boards of companies listed on both the TSX and ASX and currently

serves as a Director on the Board of the Mineral Council South Africa.

None

Chief

Executive

Officer

Member of

the Audit

Committee

Thomas

Borman

Appointed

16 April 2019

Non-

executive

Director

BCom (Hons) (University of Pretoria)

Mr Borman is a respected and highly experienced global mining

executive who served more than 11 years working for the BHP Billiton

Group in various senior managerial roles, including that of Chief

Financial Officer of an Australian-listed mining company. He also

held senior roles in strategy and business development, and served

as the project manager for the merger integration transaction

between BHP Limited and Billiton.

After leaving BHP Billiton in 2006, Mr Borman joined Warrior Coal

Investments (Proprietary) Limited, where he formed part of the

executive team which established and consolidated the portfolio of

assets which became the Optimum Group of companies. Optimum

listed on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange in 2010, and was

subsequently acquired by Glencore for R8.5 billion in March 2012.

None

---

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

ORION MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2021

54:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

Thomas Borman

Director – Non-Executive

Director

Godfrey Gomwe

Director – Non-Executive

Director

Alexander Haller

Director – Non-Executive

Director

Mark Palmer

Director – Non-Executive

Director

Walter Shamu

---

Chief Operating Officer

Martin Bouwmeester

---

Chief Financial Officer & Company Secretary

Louw van Schalkwyk

---

Executive: Exploration (South Africa)

Michelle Jenkins

---

Executive: Finance & Administration (South Africa)

Remuneration Policy

Key management personnel have authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the

activities of the Group. Key management personnel comprise the directors and executives of the Company

and the Group, which comprise executives that report directly to the: Managing

Managing Director and CEO

Unlimited in term but capable of termination on 6 months’ notice by the Company or 3 months’ notice by Mr

Smart. The Group retains the right to terminate the contract immediately, by making a payment of 6 months’

remuneration in lieu of notice.

Chief Operating Officer

Unlimited in term but capable of termination on 6 months’ notice by the Company or 3 months’ notice by Mr

Shamu. The Group retains the right to terminate the contract immediately, by making a payment of 6 months’

remuneration in lieu of notice.

Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary

Unlimited in term but capable of termination on 6 months’ notice by the Company or 3 months’ notice by Mr

Bouwmeester. The Group retains the right to terminate the contract immediately, by making a payment of 6

months’ remuneration in lieu of notice.

Executive: Exploration (South Africa)

Unlimited in term but capable of termination on 3 months’ notice. The Group retains the right to terminate the

contract immediately, by making a payment of 3 months’ remuneration in lieu of notice.

Executive: Finance & Administration (South Africa)

Unlimited in term but capable of termination on 6 months’ notice by the Company or 3 months’ notice by Ms

Jenkins. The Group retains the right to terminate the contract immediately, by making a payment of 6 months’

remuneration in lieu of notice.

Certain key management personnel are also entitled to receive on termination of employment, redundancy

benefits.

The service contract outlines the components of compensation paid to the key management personnel but

does not prescribe how compensation levels are modified year to year. Compensation levels are reviewed

each year to take into account cost-of-living changes, any change in the scope of the role performed by the

senior executive and any changes required to meet the principles of the compensation policy.

Directors

Total compensation for all non-executive directors, last voted upon by shareholders at the 2007 Annual General

Meeting, is not to exceed $350,000 per annum and is set based on advice from external advisors with reference

to fees paid to other directors of comparable companies. From 1 January 2017, the Chairman receives $75,000

per annum. Non-executive directors do not receive performance related compensation. Directors’ fees cover

all main board activities and membership of one committee. Directors may be paid additional amounts for

consulting services provided in addition to normal director duties. Such additional amounts are paid on

commercial terms.

Remuneration report approval at the 2020 Annual General Meeting

The 30 June 2020 Remuneration Report received positive shareholder support at the Company’s Annual

General Meeting with a positive vote of 98% in favour.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT (CONTINUED)

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

ORION MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2021

62:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer (Chief Operating Decision Maker of the Group) to

make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance, and for which

discrete financial information is available.

Segment results that are reported to the: Managing

