letter to shareholders

1

Integrated Report to stakeholders

3

Audited annual financial statements and related reports

45

Administration

95

Notice of annual general meeting

96

Form of proxy

Attached

CONTENTS:

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

Overview

Sabvest Capital Limited (“Sabcap”) is an investment group first listed on the JSE in 1988 as Sabvest Limited and as Sabcap from

2020. Details of the group are set out in the Corporate Profile on page 4.

2021 was a good year for Sabcap and its investees as they recovered from the disruption of business and health risks occasioned

by the COVID-19 pandemic and the related lockdowns and restrictions. Strong earnings and cash flows were recorded in many

of the group’s investees and at Sabcap itself. At this date of this report, all of the Group’s investee companies are now trading

close to or better than pre-COVID levels. Details of the portfolio are set out on pages 7 to 12.

2021 performance

Sabcap recorded very satisfactory results for the year with NAV per share increasing by 25,9% to 9 371 cents per share, with

PAT increasing by 131,7% to R679,2m (a new record high for Sabcap) and HEPS and EPS increasing by 138,5% to 1 689,7 and

1 689,6 cents per share respectively.

The favourable results were largely due to strong fair value gains in Apex, Corero, DNI, Flexo, Masimong, Metrofile, Rolfes, SA

Bias and Transaction Capital together with higher income flows from investees, the benefits of conservative debt levels and a

weaker rand improving the rand translated values of non-RSA holdings.

Interim and final dividends of 20 cents and 55 cents per share respectively have been declared for 2021 which represents a 200%

increase relative to the COVID affected 2020 dividends of 25 cents (which had been the first reduction in dividends in 20 years)

and a return to the 2019 dividend level. In addition, R66,0m was allocated to buybacks of Sabcap shares during the year at

material discounts to NAV.

Medium-term performance

Management and the Board remain focused on achieving sustainable long-term investment returns primarily focused on growth

in NAV per share. However, management also targets cash returns to shareholders by way of dividends and by way of share buy

backs as appropriate.

The Board is comfortable with the current performance and future prospects of its investees and of new investments in the

pipeline. Accordingly, Sabcap expects continued satisfactory growth in the 2022 financial year.

Governance and functions of the Board

The Board and management maintain the highest levels of governance.

The Board is accountable for the approval and execution of the Group’s strategy and its operating performance, as well as being

the arbiter and monitor of risk and the custodian of its corporate governance policies and procedures.

I guide the Board in these primary functions. Management continues to deliver above-average performance, which facilitates the

outcomes required by the Board.

Mr Raymond Pleaner will retire as an executive director of the Company and CFO of the Group with effect from 30 April 2022.

He will, however, continue as a Group executive in a corporate finance related role for an agreed period. Ray joined the Group

in 1985 and was appointed a director in 1996. The Board is very appreciative of his services and dedication to the Group over

this lengthy period and wishes him and his wife, Marcelle, many happy and healthy years ahead when he retires from the Group.

I am pleased to welcome Kyle De Matteis, CA(SA) and CFA charter holder who will be appointed a director of the Company

and CFO of the Group with effect from 30 April 2022.

It should be noted that in terms of Sabcap’s partnership principle it usually invests alongside a family, operating or financial

partner with the result that, in addition to the executive directors running the investment portfolio, that function is supported

materially by the partners in each investment.

Shareholders

I am pleased to welcome all new shareholders who have invested in Sabcap during the year.

In addition to the 40% economic shareholding held by The Seabrooke Family Trust, the percentage of shares held by Institutions,

Family offices and HNWIs has increased to 46%.:

letter to shareholders

continued:

Managing Director of Petroleum Investment

Partners (Pty) Ltd and a Non-Executive Director

of Massmart Holdings Limited, Metrofile

Holdings Limited, Cell C Limited and Old Mutual

Investments.

Bheki James Themba Shongwe (66)

BA (Econ), MBA, ACIS, FCIBM

Independent Non-Executive Deputy Chairman

Chairman of the Remuneration Committee, Member of the

Audit and Risk, Nominations and Remuneration Committees

Appointed to the Board in 2005.

Chairman of Flow Communications (Pty) Ltd,

Executive Chairman of Matsamo Group Ltd, Non-

Executive Director of Matsamo Capital (Pty) Ltd,

Cigicell (Pty) Ltd and Kaimot Investments (Pty) Ltd.

Leon Rood (44)

BCom, LLB

Executive Director

Appointed to the Board in 2019.

In addition to being an admitted attorney, holds

diplomas in advanced taxation, corporate and

securities law and international taxation. Previously

a senior director of Werksmans and held various

positions with Cliffe Dekker Hofmeyr and KPMG.

Kyle De Matteis (37)

B.Bus.Sc, PGDA, CA(SA), CFA

Deputy Chief Financial Officer

Currently Deputy CFO having joined the Group

in October 2020. Previously in various roles with

Deloitte in RSA, New York and London, was head of

credit at Merchant Capital and most recently was a

senior financial manager at Brait.

To be appointed to the Board effective 30 April 2022.:

letter of

representation) in terms of the custody agreement entered into between you and your CSDP or broker and upload

same.

PARTICIPATION

Following successful completion of the registration process contemplated above, you will be required to connect to the

annual general meeting by using the link below and following the relevant prompts::

letter of representation from their CSDP or Broker.

A Sabcap Shareholder is entitled to appoint one or more proxies to attend, participate in, speak and vote or abstain from voting in the place of that Sabcap

Shareholder at the Annual General Meeting.

Shareholders are advised to consult the Notice for full details on electronic participation and voting at the Annual General Meeting.

I/We (Full name in block letters)

of address

Telephone number:

Cellphone number:

being the holder of Sabcap Shares, do hereby appoint

1.

or failing him/her,

2.

or failing him/her,

3. the chairman of the Annual General Meeting

as my/our proxy to attend and speak for me/us and on my/our behalf at the Annual General Meeting and at any adjournment or postponement thereof and to vote or abstain from voting

as indicated on the resolutions to be considered at the Annual General Meeting

For

Against

Abstain

Ordinary resolution number one – Re-election of director – Mr BJT Shongwe

Ordinary resolution number two – Re-election of director – Mr L Rood

Ordinary resolution number three – Election of director – Mr K De Matteis

Ordinary resolution number four – Re-appointment of independent external auditors

Ordinary resolution number five – Re-election of Audit Committee member – Ms L Mthimunye

Ordinary resolution number six – Re-election of Audit Committee member – Ms O Ighodaro

Ordinary resolution number seven – Re-election of Audit Committee member – Mr BJT Shongwe

Ordinary resolution number eight – Non-binding advisory vote on Remuneration Policy

Ordinary resolution number nine – Non-binding advisory vote on Remuneration Implementation Report

Ordinary resolution number ten – Authority to sign all documents required

Special resolution number one – Approval of proposed non-executive directors’ remuneration for the year ending 31 December 2022

Special resolution number two – Authority to provide financial assistance in terms of Section 45 of the Companies Act to any group company

Special resolution number three – Authority to provide financial assistance in terms of section 44 of the Companies Act

Special resolution number four – General authority to repurchase shares

Note: Please indicate with an “X” or the number of Sabcap Shares in the spaces above how you wish your votes to be cast. If no indication is given, the proxy will vote or abstain in his

discretion.

All resolutions put to the vote shall be decided by way of a poll. Every Ordinary Shareholder who is present in person, by proxy or represented at the Annual General Meeting shall, on a

poll, have 1 vote for each Ordinary Share held by it.

Signed this

day of

2022

Signature

Assisted by (where applicable) (state capacity and full name)

Please read the notes appearing on the reverse hereof.

FORM OF PROXY

Sabvest Capital Limited

Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa

Registration number 2020/030059/06

ISIN: ZAE000283511 JSE share code: SBP

“Sabcap” or “the Company”:

