letter, plan and

budgeted audit fees. Fees paid to the auditor are detailed in

note 28 to the consolidated annual ﬁnancial statements;

• reviewed the audit results, evaluated the effectiveness of

the auditor and its independence, and evaluated the external

auditor's internal quality control procedures;

• obtained a statement from the auditor that its independence

was not impaired;

• considered the reports of the external auditor on the group's

systems of internal control, including ﬁnancial controls; and

• determined the nature and extent of all non-audit services

provided by the external auditor and preapproved all non-

audit services.

Chief ﬁnancial officer and ﬁnance function

The committee is satisﬁed that the expertise and experience

of the CFO, Ms Jubilant Speckman, are appropriate to meet the

responsibilities required by the position. This is based on the

qualiﬁcations, levels of experience and the board’s assessment

of the ﬁnancial knowledge of the CFO. The committee is also

satisﬁed as to the appropriateness, expertise and adequacy of

resources of the ﬁnance function and the experience of senior

members of management responsible for the ﬁnance function.

The audit committee has ensured that appropriate ﬁnancial

reporting procedures exist and are in working order. All entities

in the group are included in the annual ﬁnancial statements

and the procedures in place enable efficient preparation of the

annual ﬁnancial statements.

Focus areas for 2021

• Continued focus on improvement to risk management;

• Monitor ﬁnancial performance; and

• Appointment of new auditors in line with the rotation

requirement.

On behalf of the committee

Kabela Maroga

Audit, risk and compliance committee chairperson

25 June 2021

Audit, risk and compliance committee report continued

Internal audit and internal control

The committee reviewed and approved the internal audit

charter and annual audit plan, and evaluated the independence,

effectiveness and performance of the internal audit function

and compliance with its charter. The committee also:

• assessed reports of the internal auditor on the group's

systems of internal control including ﬁnancial controls and

business risk management;

• received assurance that an adequate and effective system of

internal control and risk management is being maintained;

• received assurance that proper and adequate accounting

records were maintained and that the group's systems

safeguarded its assets against unauthorised use or disposal;

• reviewed signiﬁcant issues raised by the internal audit

function and the adequacy of corrective action taken; and

• assessed the performance of the internal audit function and

found it to be satisfactory.

The committee conﬁrms that it has no reason to believe there

were any material breakdowns in the design and operating

effectiveness of internal ﬁnancial controls.

Internal ﬁnancial controls

The committee has considered the results of the formal

documented review of the company’s system of internal

ﬁnancial controls and risk management, including the design,

implementation and effectiveness of the internal ﬁnancial

controls, conducted by the internal audit function during the

2021 year. The committee has also assessed information and

explanations given by management and discussions with

the external auditor on the results of the audit. Through this

process, no material matter has come to the attention of the

audit, risk and compliance committee or the board that has

caused the directors to believe that the company’s system of

internal controls and risk management is not effective and that

the internal ﬁnancial controls do not form a sound basis for the

preparation of reliable ﬁnancial statements.

External audit

The committee in respect of this objective, among other

matters:

• nominated PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc. to

shareholders for appointment as the external auditor,

with Mr Nthato Makhetha as the designated auditor,

for the ﬁnancial year ended 31 March 2021. It ensured

that the appointment complied with all applicable legal

and regulatory requirements, and that the auditor and

designated auditor are accredited by the JSE. The committee

further received all inspection ﬁndings of the Independent

Regulatory Board for Auditors (“IRBA”) from its auditor;:

