Dear stakeholders

The world continues to find itself in an unprecedented time, with roughly 18 months having passed since the World Health

Organization declared COVID-19 a pandemic. With well over four million lives lost, the worst pandemic in a century continues

to inflict significant economic, social and health disruptions the world over, notwithstanding increased momentum in

vaccine rollouts.

A landmark report from the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, released in August 2021, confirmed the need for

deep GHG emission reductions to stabilise the climate.

These two critical macro-level events present significant uncertainty for the global economy and are factors we have

deliberated on at length to inform both short- and long-term decisions, as well as our strategic plans.

The can-do spirit of Team Sasol

is ensuring that we will continue

to overcome challenges in front

of us. As a pioneering business,

we will become pioneers once

more, ensuring a sustainable

Future Sasol.

#

Off 2017 base and excluding Natref.

## Excluding the South African Chemicals Operations.:

Dear stakeholders

Over the year we have made significant progress in alleviating our immediate challenges. Our short-term Response Plan has allowed us to successfully navigate through this trying period with

the Sasol 2.0 transformation programme already unlocking value. We are on track to deliver on our FY25 targets.

FY21 marked our 70th anniversary, a significant milestone in Sasol’s history. Reflecting on our journey and appreciating the road ahead, we themed the anniversary campaign, ‘Our Journey,

because of you’. This pays homage to our investors, customers, suppliers, business partners, employees, communities and other stakeholders.

The impact of COVID-19 across the globe has been devastating with many countries experiencing additional waves of the mutating virus. Some countries have been harder hit than others

and the difficult task of rebuilding has commenced while people everywhere accept the need to remain vigilant. Businesses had to change their ways of conducting business and Sasol was

no exception.

As the pandemic spread, it led to the tragic loss of life and I convey sincere sympathies to those who have lost family, friends, colleagues and loved ones to this highly infectious disease.

In addition, we express our deepest condolences to the family and friends of two colleagues who tragically passed away in work-related incidents – one before financial year end, the other after.

We have defined our Purpose, ‘Innovating for a better world’ which is indicative of Future Sasol and the role we see for ourselves globally. We also refreshed our values to: be Safe, be Caring, be

Inclusive, be Accountable and be Resilient.

We see a future for our Fischer-Tropsch (FT) technology which we believe will play an important role in delivering a sustainable future. We recognise that partnerships will be increasingly

important, as we seek to enhance our competitive position and accelerate our transition through collaboration with both the public and private sectors.

In addition, Sasol seeks to unlock more value from our Chemicals Business as we grow our specialty chemicals and ramp-up the Lake Charles Chemicals Project (LCCP) to reach its full potential.

Success of our Response Plan and Sasol 2.0

transformation programme

The Response Plan was initiated to address our

immediate challenges, whereas Sasol 2.0 is a complete

end-to-end transformation programme. The latter was

designed to drive the broad change required to reach

a new and sustainable Future Sasol. As part of this,

it was critical that we deliver the financial targets to

strengthen our balance sheet to enable a successful

Future Sasol.

Due to the focused efforts of our teams, excellent progress

was made in meeting our short-term financial targets:

• we exceeded our cash conservation target for FY21;

• we significantly surpassed our net asset value target

of US$2,5 billion. We have now contracted for total

divestments of US$3,8 billion subject to normal closing

conditions; and

• the good progress we made overall enabled us to avert

a rights issue, as announced in February this year.

Similarly, Sasol 2.0 is already unlocking value and we

have successfully transitioned to a more customer-facing

operating model, making each of our Business Units more

independent and agile. In exceeding our financial targets,

we have significantly improved our cost-competitive

position, laying the foundation for Future Sasol. We are well

on our way to building a sustainable business based on our

FT technology. This business will be highly cash generative,

yielding value to all our shareholders.

We were once pioneers and with a successful Sasol 2.0

implementation we can once again occupy this position.

Our advantaged Fischer-Tropsch technology

unlocking the future

Our proven FT processes have served us well for more

than 70 years. The processes are fully compatible with

green feedstocks and can produce sustainable products;

very much sought after in a low-carbon world.

Along with our catalyst technologies, FT is uniquely placed

to enable the production of sustainable synthetic fuels

and chemicals.

The potential of green hydrogen is a very exciting area as it

could enable Sasol to achieve significant decarbonisation in

the future. Our inherent capabilities and strengths translate

into numerous potential roles that Sasol can play in a green

hydrogen economy, which include:

• being a producer of hydrogen;

• an anchor customer in order to decarbonise our

operations; and

• fulfilling a market-maker role, to bridge the supply

and demand gap both domestically and through

exports.

For us, the potential is clear. To unlock green hydrogen

opportunities, we are pursuing various demonstration

projects and partnerships with the intent of enabling

and taking advantage of technology developments

and breakthroughs. We have partnered with the

LEN** consortium on cleaner aviation fuels, the

Industrial Development Corporation (IDC) to collaborate

in developing South Africa’s hydrogen economy and a local

partner on eco mobility.

Sasol 2.0 is our pathway

to Future Sasol. Together

with our people and Fischer-

Tropsch technology, we are

positioned to win.

Fischer-Tropsch technology remains at the core

A technology

for a sustainable

future

Sasol the

undisputed

leader

High greening

potential with

Green H2

Largest installation

of Sasol’s unique

FT technology

More than 70 years

of innovation and

operations expertise

Carbon sourcing

flexibility, potential

for unlimited

sustainable

feedstock with direct

air capture

Wide range of

applications: aviation,

transport fuels,

sustainable chemicals

Advantaged

technology

and catalysts (higher

yields, lower costs)

Partnering with

industry leaders

(eg HaldorTopsøe,

Technip Energy)

Fischer-Tropsch technology is key for

decarbonising our existing assets and

developing new sustainable businesses

**

Linde PLC, ENERTRAG AG and Navitas Holdings (Pty) Ltd.:

Dear stakeholders

FY21 reflects the significant turnaround of our business since the collapse of the oil price in early 2020 coupled with the

unprecedented COVID-19 pandemic. The comprehensive Response Plan that we designed to mitigate the impact of these

developments has been extremely effective. The balance sheet was substantially deleveraged through a combination of cash

conservation, capital and operating discipline and strategic asset divestments. More recently there has been support from an

improving macro environment and, despite a negative impact from adverse weather events, the business has continued to

show good momentum.

The Response Plan has achieved much more than deleveraging the balance sheet. The asset divestment programme has

focused the portfolio in areas where we can drive attractive long-term returns; the new operating model takes our business

closer to the customer on a more agile basis; and the Sasol 2.0 transformation programme is already demonstrating

progress in making the business more efficient and effective. There is more to come over the next few years.

From these strong foundations Sasol is now laying out a pathway to achieve a new climate change approach with a

significant step-up in our goals. The intention is to reduce scope 1 and 2 emissions by 30% by 2030 and then reach

Net Zero by 2050. This will make Future Sasol a truly sustainable business. There are now numerous initiatives underway

across the Company to deliver this. Sasol’s differentiated capabilities, technologies, team and market positions provide the

firm platform required. Capital and operating discipline enhanced by the Sasol 2.0 transformation programme create the

prospect of highly attractive long-term returns. We have an exciting future ahead of us.

Five-year accelerated balance sheet deleveraging

2021 represents an important year of delivery for Sasol.

Deleveraging the balance sheet was a particular priority in

the face of the substantial macro headwinds faced from early

2020. Our ambitious plan has been delivered in full without

funding from our shareholders. Gearing has decreased from

117% in the 2020 financial year to around 61% at 30 June 2021,

and net debt to EBITDA is now down to around 1,5 times with

net debt of US$5,9 billion.

All of this was achieved through successful execution of

our comprehensive US$6 billion Response Plan. This had

a combination of self-help measures and asset divestments

to reduce our net debt to an acceptable level. In FY21 we

again significantly exceeded our savings target, by delivering

over US$1 billion of savings. Asset divestments were a

further significant component and by 30 June 2021 we had

announced divestments of around US$3,8 billion, with around

US$3,1 billion of proceeds already banked.

The strengthening of the balance sheet also went beyond

the reduction of net debt levels with US$1,5 billion of

new bonds issued at very competitive rates. This provided

cost effective funding and balanced our maturity profile,

ensuring that we maintained the robust liquidity position that

was so important in allowing us to trade securely through

recent uncertainty.

As a result of these efforts we believe that our balance sheet

can provide firm support to execute our Future Sasol strategy

without being distracted by further short-term deleveraging

imperatives.

A more resilient business

The Response Plan was intended to go beyond near-term

balance sheet deleveraging and deliver a business that

was more efficient and effective. The past financial year

demonstrated significant progress towards this objective

with a remarkable turnaround of our financial position, despite

the headwinds we faced.

Our adjusted EBITDA increased by 38% year-on-year to

R48,4 billion compared with a 4% increase in the rand per barrel

oil price. Free cash flow before growth capital improved by 75%

to R19,4 billion, building on the free cash flow inflection point

that we reached earlier this year.

There are a number of important elements to building a more

resilient business including delivery against the operating and

capital cost discipline targets. This has progressed well and

in FY21 we achieved R2,4 billion in cash fixed cost savings or

a normalised real improvement of 4,2% year-on-year.

Besides cost savings we have now introduced a new operating

model. This has placed decision-making closer to our customers

and should enable more agile and customer-focused decisions

going forward. This change has already been implemented

as have the early stages of the Sasol 2.0 transformation

programme. This is a ground-up reassessment of how the

business functions with systems in place to identify and

leverage best practice right across the Company.

Some of the most challenging elements of the programme

have already been implemented with the workforce transition

completed and the benefits of that leaner cost structure will

flow through in the 2022 financial year. Given the Sasol 2.0

work we also have confidence that we will be able to keep

sustenance capital expenditure within a R20 – R25 billion

per annum range through to the 2025 financial year without

compromising asset integrity.

The implementation of the asset divestment programme

has also been designed around our strategy, increasing

focus on the areas where Sasol has differentiated ability

to add value over time and releasing value from other areas

of the portfolio.

These elements all come together to enable us to deliver

competitive returns going forward even in volatile markets.

Difficult decisions are, however, still required. The Board sees

the restoration of dividends as a priority, but at the moment

the dividend remains suspended while we go through the final

deleveraging phase.

As we work towards resuming the dividend as soon as

possible, we hope that we will get support from normalising

demand levels as the impact of COVID-19 eases. This should

see improved volumes in the South African Energy Business

as well as the Eurasian Chemicals Business. Alongside this

we anticipate the benefits from the Fulco transition in mining

and the ramp-up of the derivatives units at the Lake Charles

Chemicals Project (LCCP). There are, however, also some factors

that will slow some of this expected recovery, notably coal

quality and lower gas supply, which will impact Secunda and

maintenance across the Chemicals Business.

Delivering ambitious climate change targets

and attractive shareholder returns

Building on the firm platform that we have created, Sasol

has set ambitious new climate change targets. We have set

a target to reduce scope 1 and 2 emissions by 30% by 2030

and an ambition to move to Net Zero by 2050.

In order to achieve this, we will look to build on our unique

chemistry and core energy segments and shift to increasing

use of renewable energy as well as additional gas

feedstock by 2030. By that stage we also intend to

reduce our scope 3 emissions by 20% through a reduction

of commercialisation of fossil fuels.

Our clear objective is to deliver a more sustainable business,

but also a business that generates attractive and resilient

shareholder returns. In order to do that we will maintain

a disciplined and shareholder-focused capital allocation

framework alongside our financial targets.

The next phase of our strategic and financial plan runs

to FY25, by which time Sasol 2.0 should be fully in place.

During this period the most immediate priority remains

to finish our journey of deleveraging the balance sheet and

resume dividends as we increase free cash flow and fund

our sustainability initiatives.

By FY25 the intention is to have an ROIC of 12 – 15% (assuming

a US$55/bbl oil price), with net debt to EBITDA of 1,0 – 1,5 times.

Restoring dividends is a key priority and we intend to restore

the dividend and step-up payout level.

Business resilience remains critical through this phase and we

are confident that we can operate our assets optimally and

effectively within the planned capital allowance and maintain

Secunda’s breakeven level at US$30 – 35/bbl.

The transform capital required to deliver the GHG reduction

targets will only step-up at the latter part of the next phase

and will likely be in the order of R15 – R22 billion in aggregate for

the period up to 2030 and will form part of the R20 – R25 billion

per annum capital guidance.

In the following phase through to financial year 2030 we will

look to offer enhanced shareholder returns, while implementing

the changes across the business to deliver GHG reduction and

generating incremental cash flow to support high returning

growth initiatives across the portfolio. We are confident that the

ROIC for the portfolio will be competitive compared to our peers.

During this period the intention will be to keep net debt/EBITDA

levels at 1,0 – 1,5 times levels but bring absolute net debt levels

below US$4 billion.

As free cash flow increases through the period we will maintain

discipline for the allocation of discretionary capital according to

the best risk-adjusted return, including the potential for special

dividends and share buy-backs.

Our disciplined approach will limit exposure to any single

project for adequate risk diversification; optimise funding

sources including partnering options where appropriate;

and regularly review the portfolio to ensure we keep our

capital focused in the assets that offer our shareholders the

risk-adjusted, long-term returns.

After a critical period of delivery we are confident that

Sasol has a very bright future. We have set clear goals across

our People, Planet and Profit priorities and we have a strategy

to deliver them. There remains much uncertainty in the world

around us and we may need to adjust course as circumstances

evolve, but over the past few years we have proved that Sasol

can adapt quickly and we have the resilient team and portfolio

we need to head into the future with confidence.

Paul Victor

Chief Financial Officer

20 September 2021

Paul Victor

Chief Financial Officer

Team Sasol delivered an excellent performance

in 2021, leading to a strong balance sheet and

solid cash flow generation. As we continue with

our business transformation programme, we are

excited about Future Sasol’s prospects as a greener,

more sustainable business that protects and grows

shareholder value in a lower-carbon world.:

Dear stakeholders

This report provides an overview of Sasol’s Remuneration Policy,

the incentive targets that support the Group’s priorities as well as

the reward outcomes for Executive Directors and Prescribed Officers

informed by performance against targets.

It also details the feedback received from shareholders in 2021

and the actions the Committee took to address these, as well

as the impact of COVID-19 on remuneration decisions. The past

financial year has proven to be yet another challenging year

due to the continued impact of COVID-19 on our employees, our

customers, the communities in which we operate and the global

economy. Although the demand for our products improved during

the second half of the financial year, extreme weather events in

the US Gulf Coast and in South Africa disrupted our operations

during 2021. Despite these devastating impacts, our business

results have steadily improved over the reporting period showing

our resilience during adverse times. The Committee is grateful to all

Sasol people for their support and understanding of actions taken in

2020 and for their focused delivery of our priorities in 2021.

Shareholder feedback

At our AGM in November 2020, support for the Remuneration Policy

decreased to 71,46% from 83,37% in 2019. But more disappointing

was the fact that only 43,21% of shareholder votes were in support of

the non-binding advisory resolution on the Implementation Report,

compared to 71,65% in 2019.

To address this sharp reduction in support, Sasol invited shareholders

and the 40 largest investors to meet with me to discuss their

concerns and reasons for their dissenting votes. I am grateful for

the time that many of our investors devoted to these meetings,

for their transparent feedback and suggestions, certain of which are

reflected in policy changes that the Committee subsequently made,

remaining mindful of the impact of its decisions on all stakeholders.

Focus areas in 2021

• Simplification of the short-term incentive (STI) formula with only one

group incentive scorecard;

• Review of target incentive awards. Target long-term incentive (LTI) awards

for the CEO and CFO were reduced;

• Extension of minimum shareholding requirements (MSRs) to

Prescribed Officers;

• Review of the LTI plan design principles to include some restricted shares for

Prescribed Officers and Executive Directors with a five-year vesting period;

• Review of all STI and LTI targets to align with Future Sasol priorities

and include a holistic focus on sustainability matters;

• Review of the peer group to include a balance of South Africa listed

companies, energy and chemicals companies that represent our product

range of mining, chemicals, fuel and gas, geographical footprint and

enterprise value;

• Delayed special salary adjustments for certain categories of employees;

and

• Review of Non-Executive Director (NED) fee structure.

Details of the policy changes are in the policy section of this report. The following table summarises the concerns raised as well as Sasol’s

responses:

Shareholder concerns

Sasol’s responses

• STI and LTI targets not directly related to the

reduction of GHG.

We will improve our climate change targets as we implement projects that will

directly reduce emissions. These projects will align with our climate change

roadmap and our Net Zero emissions ambition for 2050. See specific STI and

LTI targets linking Executive remuneration to ESG measures in the FY22 variable

pay plans detailed on page 40.

• The peer group used for remuneration benchmarking

does not include enough chemicals companies or

South African-listed entities.

We again reconsidered the peer group and have approved a combination of

JSE listed, chemicals and energy companies.

• STI targets should continue to be relevant as the

business transitions to the Future Sasol strategy.

The Committee annually reviews the STI and LTI targets to ensure ongoing

relevance as well as appropriate stretch to incentivise achievement across

a range of financial and non-financial targets which are informed by the Group’s

key priorities ensuring value creation for our stakeholders.

• ROIC should be reconsidered as a LTI target.

We will reconsider the use of ROIC as we annually review all targets in our

LTI plan. For FY22, we believe that return on capital invested into large scale

projects is still an appropriate metric.

• NED fees are too high in relation to the Company’s

market capitalisation.

We revised the fee structure for NEDs. This will be tabled for shareholder

approval at the 2021 AGM.

• Mutual separation packages agreed to for previous

Joint-CEOs.

The Board had considered the terms of the mutual separation agreements

with the Joint-CEOs to have been appropriate in the circumstances; however,

understands and acknowledges the views of shareholders on this matter.

COVID-19 and its impacts

Tragically, by 30 June 2021, 63 Sasol employees had succumbed to

COVID-19. We mourn their loss and extend our sincere condolences

to their families, friends and colleagues. Sasol continues to provide

various forms of COVID-19 support to employees, including access

to emotional wellbeing programmes, supplying them with hand

sanitisers and face masks and amending work practices and shifts

to ensure social distancing wherever possible. The Group continues

to encourage those employees who can work from home to do

so. Those exposed to COVID-19 or who fall ill from the disease are

granted paid leave for the period of absence. No employees have

had to claim from the South African government’s COVID-19 relief

fund to replace salaries lost because of suspended operations nor

had to take unpaid leave.

The spread of COVID-19, the oil price collapse and volatility in

chemical prices in 2020 came at a time when Sasol’s balance sheet

was at peak gearing. This necessitated a reset of Sasol’s strategy

and a revision of its operating model. In November 2020, the Group

launched Sasol 2.0, a plan to get to Future Sasol which included a

revised Purpose and refreshed values. The new operating model

required a review of the organisational design, a process which was

completed in the last quarter of 2021. Mindful of the impact that all

this change would have on employees, Sasol management further

increased its engagement with employees, ensuring comprehensive

and regular communication.

Preserving jobs was a key objective during the year. There were

1 355 employees who were displaced, or impacted by divestitures

and 766 voluntary severance packages were approved. Sasol

provided impacted employees with access to emotional and financial

planning support programmes to assist them in their transition.

As far as possible, the Group worked to ensure that those employees

transferred to new entities were offered remuneration and benefits

similar to those offered by Sasol.

The Committee’s most difficult decision in August 2020 was to

waive salary increases and STIs for most employees to conserve

cash and protect jobs. This was even though the Group had met

some of the incentive targets in 2020 which would have ordinarily

resulted in a pay-out of incentives in September 2020. However,

in the last quarter of 2021, in recognition of the delivery against the

Sasol 2.0 targets, the Committee approved limited salary increases

on a partial retroactive basis for those employees in role categories

below Leadership; Senior and Executive Management were excluded

from this process.

The Board also resolved to extend until November 2021, the 20%

Board fee sacrifice agreed to by NEDs in May 2020 and resident

NED fees were not increased to the approved levels.

Reward outcomes | 2021

For 2021, the Committee made no changes to inflight LTI awards;

neither to the STI or LTI plan targets that were set for this financial

year nor have outcomes been adjusted for COVID-19-related impacts.

Performance against the STI targets were mostly at or ahead

of target with a total score of 117% of the maximum of 150%.

This was after the application of a 3% penalty due to the tragic loss

of one of our employees due to a work-related accident at Natref*.

The Committee was particularly pleased with the management

of costs and the excellent progress made with the asset disposal

programme to avoid a rights issue. The high severity injury rate

improved and we are pleased with the delivery of the climate

change roadmap.

The Committee believes that this outcome is a fair representation

of the excellent results which were achieved over 2021 across all

financial and non-financial metrics.

The vesting of LTIs which were issued in 2018, subject to

performance targets over the period 1 July 2018 – 30 June 2021, will

for members of the GEC, subject to further service criteria being met,

vest at 44,7%. This represents ~17% of the original award value due

to the share price depreciation and low level of vesting.

The year-on-year increase in remuneration totals on the single figure

tables is as a result of the termination of the salary and pension

contribution sacrifice in 2021, which was introduced in May 2020 and

the STI which has been awarded for the first time since 2018.

The Committee will propose to shareholders a revised Non-Executive

Director fee structure. For NEDs domiciled outside of the United

Kingdom, Europe or North America, a cost of living factor and a fixed

exchange rate will be applied.

IMPLEMENTATION

REPORT

REMUNERATION

POLICY

83,37%

2019

78,53%

2018

71,46%

2020

2019

71,65%

2018

75,81%

2020

43,21%:

Managing Director Mr David Tuch acts as an

independent advisor for the Committee.

The President and CEO tables the performance of all Prescribed

Officers to the Committee to inform the decisions to award annual

increases and incentive pay-outs. The Chairman of the Board

tables the performance outcomes and proposed rewards for the

Executive Directors at the Committee which recommends it for

approval to the Board.

All incentive pay-outs, as well as the vesting of LTIs which will vest

subject to the performance period ending June 2021, were approved on

the basis of actual performance against previously approved metrics.

Regulatory compliance

Our reporting aligns with:

• South African Companies Act requirements;

• principles and recommended practices of King IVTM;

• requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)

for foreign private issuers; and

• The Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE) Listings Requirements.

*

(Post year end another colleague passed away as a result of a work-related

incident at Mining).:

Dear stakeholders

Our FY21 are characterised by a remarkable turnaround of our financial position, despite the headwinds we faced. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic

continues to impact the global economy. Notwithstanding, we have been able to steer our operations steadily, ensuring that our products continued

to be placed profitably.

The Group delivered a resilient set of results for the year ended 30 June 2021, underpinned by a strong cost, working capital and capital expenditure

performance, despite the continued impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and adverse weather events impacting our operations in North America and

South Africa. A notable gross margin recovery was recorded in the second half of the financial year, supported by the combined impact of higher

Brent crude oil and chemicals prices. Our gearing has decreased from 117% in FY20 to around 61% at 30 June, and net debt to EBITDA is now down

to 1,5 times. Net debt is at US$5,9 billion, and we achieved this without executing a rights issue.

Refer pages 45 and 46 for review on performance.

~R20 – R25 billion

per annum

*** Net debt excluding lease liabilities.:

