letter 2021

During the course of 2019 it became apparent that the company should widen the search for potential acquisitions

to gold and to assets outside of South Africa.

At the beginning of 2020, post the year-end, the company identified an asset in South Africa which included a

gold dump and discussions with this company were commenced. Discussions with the management and

shareholders were protracted. It became apparent that no acquisition could be concluded before the company

brought its financials up to date.

It was decided by management that it was necessary to raise capital from the current shareholders in order to

bring the financials up to date and resume trading on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange.

As a result of this it was decided to

•

Raise a shareholder loan to provide the capital required to publish the outstanding Annual Financial

Statements

•

Consolidate the issued shares on a 100:1 basis

•

increase the number of authorised shares to 1.5bn

•

Undertake a rights issue and convert debt into equity and raise some working capital

•

Bring the Annual Financial statements up to date and apply to the Johannesburg Stock Exchange to lift

the suspension on trading.

The last traded price prior to the consolidation was 11c per share, resulting in a post consolidation price of R11

per share.

The largest shareholder, Shenver Investments (18%), was approached to provide a working capital loan in order

to achieve these objectives. Mr Enver Motala, of Shenver Investments, agreed to fund a working capital loan, of

R1m, to the company on the condition that a rights issue of R30m would be done at R1 per share once the

suspension of trading was lifted.

The steep discount to the last traded price was agreed by the board as it encourages the current shareholders

to follow their rights in the rights issue.

New auditors were appointed and a circular was sent to shareholders on 15 July 2020.

The shareholders meeting on 14 August approved resolutions to consolidate the shares on a 100:1 basis,

resulting 4 351 265 issued shares and to increase the authorized share capital to 1.5bn shares.

A rights issue of R30m has been announced and has been underwritten by various debt holders, with the CEO

committing to follow his rights of R2.1m. This commitment and the underwriting commitment from debt holders

of R18.6m is approximately R20.7m. Given the current indications of support for this rights issue consideration

will be given to increasing the size of the rights issue.

The Annual Financial statements to February 2020 were brought up to date and the Integrated Report for 2016

to 2020 was released to shareholders on 9 November 2020.

Interim Results for the period to August 2020 were released on 26 February 2021, bringing the reporting of

Financial Results up to date.

A number of gold and copper targets were investigated during the course of 2020.

A transaction with Chan Cun Capital Group to acquire the Akyanga gold deposit in the DRC was announced on

9 November 2020. Unfortunately, Chan Cun failed to fulfil some conditions precedent and this transaction was

cancelled on 1 February 2021.

More significantly the company entered into an agreement, on 10 November 2020, to acquire 50% of Stepford

Company Limited, a company registered in Ghana that holds the Prospecting Right over 101km2 adjacent to the

Newmont Ahafo Mine in Ghana. Ahafo produces approximately 650 000 ounces of gold per annum from a

resource base of nearly 10m ounces. The geochemical signature on the Stepford Project is compelling and it is

likely that exploration of this project area will result in a significant resource and potentially an open pit mine.:

Managing Director, Financial Director, partner of the External Auditors and the Internal Auditor

attend meetings by invitation and attended all meetings held during the reporting period. The Board is satisfied

that the independence, experience and qualifications of each member enable them to fulfil the committee’s

mandate. In addition to scheduled meetings, the committee meets at least once a year with the company’s

Internal and External Auditors, without management being present.

Four meetings were held since 1 March 2016 to date of publication. The committee composition and meeting

attendance are below:

Name

Position

Qualification

Meetings

attended

Eshaan Singh

Independent chairman

BCompt

1/1

Charles Mostert

Independent member

BCom (Hons), MBL, Certificate in

mining taxation

1/1

Mohammed Al Mojarkesh

Independent member

DCE Diploma in Civil Engineering

1/1

The committee, as a whole, has the necessary financial literacy, skills and experience to execute their duties

effectively.

Role of the Audit and Risk Committee

The Audit and Risk Committee reviewed its Terms of Reference, setting out its duties and responsibilities as

prescribed in the Act, King IV TM and incorporating additional duties delegated to it by the Board.

The committee:

•

fulfils the duties that are assigned to it by the Act and as governed by other legislative requirements:

letter from the JSE dated 20 February 2018, 20

February 2019 and 18 February 2020

•

considered the impact of Covid-19 on the financial results.

Execution of functions during the year

The committee is satisfied that, for the 2021 financial year, it has performed all the possible functions under the

suspension as set out in the Act, JSE Listings Requirements, King IV TM and the committee’s Terms of Reference.

The Audit and Risk Committee discharged its functions in terms of its terms of reference and ascribed to it in

terms of the Act during the year under review as follows:

External audit

During the reporting period, Nexia SAB&T Inc. was appointed as External Auditors effective 22 May 2020.

The committee among other matters:

•

nominated Nexia SAB&T Inc. and Aneel Darmalingam as the external auditor and designated auditor

respectively to shareholders for appointment as auditor for the financial year ending 28 February 2021, and

ensured that the appointment complied with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements for the

appointment of an auditor

•

nominated the External Auditor and the independent auditor for each material subsidiary company for re-

appointment

•

requested from Nexia SAB&T Inc, the formal: letter of their latest inspection performed by IRBA on the firm

and Aneel Darmalingam, including any findings to the firm and/or individual in line with paragraph 22.15(h)

of the JSE Listings Requirements

•

reviewed the audit effectiveness and evaluated the External Auditor’s internal quality control procedures

•

obtained an annual confirmation from the auditor that their independence was not impaired

•

maintained a policy setting out the categories of non-audit services that the External Auditor may and may

not provide, split between permitted, permissible and prohibited services

•

confirmed that no non-audit services were conducted by Nexia SAB&T Inc

•

approved the external audit engagement letter, the plan and the budgeted audit fees payable to the external

auditor

•

obtained assurances from the external auditor that adequate accounting records were being maintained by

the company and its subsidiaries

•

considered whether any reportable irregularities were identified and reported by the external auditor in terms

of the Auditing Profession Act, No. 26 of 2005

•

considered any reported control weaknesses, management’s response for their improvement and assessed

their impact on the general control environment.

letter relating to the annual financial statements which was signed by

management

•

considered any problems identified and reviewed any significant legal and tax matters that could have a

material impact on the financial statements

•

considered accounting treatments, significant unusual transactions, and accounting judgments.

Significant areas of judgement

In arriving at the figures disclosed in the financial statements there are many areas where judgement is

needed. These are outlined in the critical accounting estimates and judgements in the accounting policies to the

annual financial statements. The Audit and Risk Committee has looked at the quantum of the assets and liabilities

on the statements of financial position and other items that require significant judgement and decided to note the

following:

•

XXX

The committee:

•

oversaw the value delivery on IT

•

monitored that intellectual property contained in information systems is protected

•

monitored that adequate business arrangements are in place for disaster recovery

•

monitored that all personal information is treated by the company as an important business asset and is

identified

•

reviewed and recommended to the Board for approval any policies proposed by management and relevant

to the areas of responsibility of the committee.

Legal and regulatory requirements

To the extent that these may have an impact on the Annual Financial Statements, the committee:

•

reviewed legal matters that could have a material impact on the Group

•

reviewed the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group’s procedures, including its risk management

framework, to ensure compliance with legal and regulatory responsibilities

•

considered reports provided by management and the external auditors regarding compliance with legal and

regulatory requirements.

Expertise and experience of Financial Director and the financial function:

letter of guarantee

number 9402/30237718 for the amount as above in respect of the mine known as The Remaining Extent of Farm Doornpoort

295 JR, situated in the magisterial district of Pretoria, Gauteng.

The guarantee shall lapse on the granting of a closure certificate in terms of the Mineral and Petroleum Resources

Development Act, 2002, or by three months written notice in advance. The funds were cashed in during the year.

Non-current assets

- at amortised cost, gross of impairment losses

-

249,517

-

-

The fair value of Financial assets approximates its carrying amount due to the nature of the asset.:

letter of representation to participate in the General Meeting, in the manner stipulated in the relevant

custody agreement. The: letter of representation will need to be submitted together with the completed Electronic

voting form.

letter of representation in terms of the custody agreement

entered into between themselves and the CSDP or broker.

For use by MEDR Shareholders at a General Meeting (which will be held and conducted entirely by electronic

communication) convened in terms of the Companies Act to be held at 10:00 on Tuesday, 2 November 2021, or any

adjourned or postponed meeting.

The Board requests that completed forms of proxy are received at the office of the company’s transfer secretaries, CTSE Registry Services

(Pty) Ltd, 5th Floor, Block B, The Woodstock Exchange Building, 66-68 Albert Road, Woodstock, South Africa by 10:00 on Friday, 29 October

2021. Any forms of proxy not lodged by this time may still be lodged by email to admin@4axregistry.co.za prior to the commencement of the

meeting

I/We (Names in full – please print)

of (address):

Telephone number:

Cellphone number:

e-mail address:

being the holder of

shares in MEDR hereby appoint:

1.

of

or failing him/her,

2.

of

or failing him/her,

3.

the chairman of the annual general meeting,

as my/our proxy to attend, speak and vote for me/us at the General Meeting (or any postponement or adjournment thereof)

for purposes of consider and, if deemed fit, passing, with or without modification, the resolutions to be proposed thereat

and at each postponement or adjournment thereof and to vote for and/or against the resolutions and/or abstain from voting

in respect of the MEDR Shares registered in my/our name(s), in accordance with the following instructions and otherwise

in accordance with the Companies Act, the MOI and the terms of the attached notes::

