letter agreement

with Wallbridge Mining was executed

whereby Wallbridge was appointed as

the operator of the revised Denison

property. At the end of December 2021,

Wallbridge owned 17.8% of the project,

Sibanye-Stillwater owned 64.9% while the

remaining 17.3% is held by other external

parties.

Other projects

The Group also has a considerable

number of projects in South Africa (at

various stages) which could potentially

be developed depending on

developments in the economic and

regulatory environment. More Ore

information about the projects is

available in the Mineral Reserves

and Resources report: 8

www.sibanyestillwater.com/news-

investors/reports/annual

Delivering value from our operations and projects continued

Sibanye-Stillwater Integrated Report 2021

111:

Dear shareholders

2021 was another formative year for Sibanye-Stillwater. COVID-19 continued to have a profound impact on economies and

society, prompting change on many fronts. The digital-first era is upon us, opening new possibilities for how we work. Global

supply chain disruptions have re-shaped markets, resulting in re-alignment to enhance regional supply chain security. New

demand for green commodities is creating opportunities for some, while many traditional industries are under threat from

societal and technological change. The 2020s will be a decade of disruption, creating opportunities for organisations that find

themselves on the right side of the disruption curve.

Sibanye-Stillwater’s entry into battery metals is timely, as leadership builds a portfolio of green metals. Organisational adaptability

and resilience is essential to embrace new ways of working and respond with agility to global developments. Recognising that

our operating context is changing, leadership has modified our strategy. However, for 2021 remuneration determinations, we

refer to the previous iteration of our strategy, as depicted below.

Exceptional financial results, as well as sound strategic positioning for growth in a new low-carbon economy, warrant

appropriate rewarding. However, the high number of fatal accidents in 2021 gave us considerable pause and in keeping with

safety being the central pillar of our intent and performance and, as detailed in Part 3, we applied a significant discretionary

downward modifier to both the short-term and long-term incentives this year. We note stakeholders’ feedback and continue to

welcome their comments and suggestions. These help to refine our thinking and to adapt our remuneration philosophy in

consideration of investor sentiment and stakeholder sensitivities.

2021 Strategic focus areas

Remuneration report continued

Sibanye-Stillwater Integrated Report 2021

229:

