Managing Director, appointed 21 January 2015

Location: Australia

58

South32 Annual Report 2021

Governance:

Managing Director Technical Services where

she led Rio Tinto’s global technical services unit, and President and

Chief Executive Officer of Rio Tinto Minerals where she ran integrated

mining, processing, and supply chain operations in the United States,

Europe and Asia.

Since her retirement from Rio Tinto in 2014, Dr Liu held the position

of Non-Executive Director of Iluka Resources Limited until April 2019

and Non-Executive Director of Newcrest Mining Limited (including as a

member of the Human Resources & Remuneration Committee, Audit

& Risk Committee and Nominations Committee) until November 2020.

Dr Liu is currently a Non-Executive Director of Incitec Pivot Limited

(including as a member of the Audit & Risk Committee and Chair of the

HSEC Committee). These roles have contributed to Dr Liu’s skills and

experience in remuneration, acquisitions and divestments.

Dr Liu has been the Chancellor, Queensland University of Technology

since January 2020. She held the office of Director, Melbourne Business

School until October 2019. She has also served as a board member of

the California Chamber of Commerce and Vice President of the Board

of the Australian Aluminium Council.

Dr Liu is a Fellow of the Australian Academy of Technological Science

and Engineering, a Fellow of the Australasian Institute of Mining and

Metallurgy and a member of Chief Executive Women.

Current ASX listed directorships:

–

Incitec Pivot Limited: Independent Non-Executive Director since

November 2019.

Previous ASX listed directorships:

–

Newcrest Mining Limited: Independent Non-Executive Director

from September 2015 to November 2020; and

–

Iluka Resources Limited: Independent Non-Executive Director

from February 2016 to April 2019

Other Directorships and Offices:

–

Chancellor, Queensland University of Technology.

Dr Mtoba is a chartered accountant with an extensive career in

business and community engagement in South Africa. In addition, she

brings valuable sustainability and environmental experience to the

South32 Board.

Dr Mtoba joined Deloitte and Touche South Africa in 1988, specialising

in financial services. She became one of the first African Black women

to be appointed as a Partner by one of the Big Four accounting firms

and was later appointed the first African woman Deputy Chairman and

then Chairman of Deloitte Southern Africa.

Dr Mtoba has been a member of the International Monetary Fund

Advisory Group of Sub-Saharan Africa, the World Economic Forum

Global Advisory Council, the B20 Financing Growth and Infrastructure

Task Force and the B20 Transparency Task Team. She was also the

first woman president of the Association for the Advancement of Black

Accountants of Southern Africa.

Additionally, she has served as Chair of Council of the University of

Pretoria, President of Business Unity South Africa, and board member

of the Public Accountants and Auditors Board, the South African

Institute of Chartered Accountants, the New Partnership for Africa’s

Development Business Foundation and African Union Foundation.

Dr Mtoba is engaged in the regional and global community. In 2019,

Dr Mtoba was appointed as a Director of the International Women’s

Forum (South Africa). She is a former board member of the United

Nations Global Compact.

In October 2020, Dr Mtoba was appointed as a Non-Executive Director

of the Public Investment Corporation Limited (having previously served

as a Board member and Investment Committee Chair). In February

2021, she was appointed Deputy Chairperson and is Chair of the Audit

Committee of Public Investment Corporation Limited.

For her contributions, Dr Mtoba has received numerous awards,

including Most Outstanding Leadership Women of the Year (Africa

Economy Builders, 2018). She is also a Harvard Advanced Leadership

Initiative Fellow (2017).

Other Directorships and Offices:

–

Lead Independent Director and Audit Committee Chair, Discovery

Bank Limited;

–

Director, Discovery Bank Holdings Limited;

–

Founding Trustee, ZMDT;

–

Trustee and Audit Committee Chair, Nelson Mandela Foundation;

–

Trustee and Audit Committee Chair, National Education

Collaboration Trust (NECT); and

–

Independent Non-Executive Director and Deputy Chairperson,

Public Investment Corporation Limited.

Dr Xiaoling Liu

BEng (Extractive Metallurgy), PhD (Extractive Metallurgy),

FAusIMM, FTSE, GAICD, 64

Independent Non-Executive Director

Appointed 1 November 2017

Location: Australia

Dr Ntombifuthi (Futhi) Mtoba

CA(SA), DCom (Honoris Causa), BCompt (Hons), HDip Banking Law,

BA (Econ)(Hons), BA (Arts), 66

Independent Non-Executive Director

Appointed 7 May 2015

Location: South Africa

60

South32 Annual Report 2021

Governance:

Managing Director of Alcoa in Australia from 2001 until

2008, leading an integrated business comprised of bauxite mining,

alumina refining, coal mining, power generation and aluminium

smelting. This included operations in Victoria and Western Australia.

His prior role at Alcoa included accountability for its Asia-Pacific

manufacturing operations in China, Japan, Korea and Australia. He

joined Alcoa in 1979 after working as an engineer in the iron ore and

telecommunications sector.

Since 2008, Mr Osborn has worked as a Non-Executive Director in the

mining, construction and energy industries. He was also Chairman of

the Australian Institute of Marine Science, Chairman of the Western

Australia Branch of the Australia Business Arts Foundation and

Vice President of the Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Western

Australia.

Mr Osborn is currently a Non-Executive Director of Wesfarmers Limited

(including membership of the Remuneration Committee and the

Nomination Committee).

He has been awarded a WA Business Leader Award in 2007 for his

work with the Australian Business Arts Foundation and an Australian

Institute of Company Directors Award for Excellence in 2018.

Mr Osborn is a Fellow of the Australian Academy of Technological

Sciences and Engineering and International Fellow of the Explorers

Club (New York).

Current ASX listed directorships:

–

Wesfarmers Limited: Independent Non-Executive Director since

March 2010.

Mr Rumble has more than 40 years of experience in the resources

industry, specifically in titanium and platinum mining. He also has

experience managing a portfolio of private equity assets in the

resource sector in Russia, India and other emerging markets. This

combination of skills and knowledge are a valuable contribution to the

South32 Board.

Mr Rumble has held various leadership roles including CEO of SUN

Mining (a wholly-owned entity of the SUN Group), CEO of Impala

Platinum (Pty) Ltd and President and CEO of Rio Tinto Iron and Titanium

Inc in Canada. He also worked for Verref, a division of the Anglo

American Corporation, prior to joining Richards Bay Minerals in 1980,

working in smelting and metallurgy, progressing to General Manager

and later CEO in 1996.

Mr Rumble has been a Non-Executive Director of a variety of private

companies, including Platinum Mining Corporation of India PLC,

Barplats Holdings Limited, Western Platinum (Pty) Limited, Eastern

Platinum (Pty) Limited and Sarplat Investments Limited. He was also an

independent Non-Executive Director at BHP Billiton plc, BHP Limited

and at JSE listed Aveng Limited.

In November 2019, Mr Rumble retired as a Member of Board of

Governors, Rhodes University and was appointed an Honorary Life

Governor (Rhodes University).

Mr Rumble completed the Stanford (US) Executive Program in 1990.

Other Directorships and Offices:

–

Director, Acetologix Pty Limited;

–

Director, Enzyme Technologies (Pty) Limited;

–

Director, Elite Wealth (Pty) Limited; and

–

Trustee, World Wildlife Fund, South Africa.

Mr Wayne Osborn Dip Elect Eng, MBA, FAICD, FTSE, 69

Independent Non-Executive Director

Appointed 7 May 2015

Chair of the Remuneration Committee

Location: Australia

Mr Keith Rumble BSc, MSc (Geology), 67

Independent Non-Executive Director

Appointed 27 February 2015

Chair of the Sustainability Committee

Location: South Africa

61

South32 Annual Report 2021

Governance:

Managing Director

Date: 2 September 2021

65

South32 Annual Report 2021

Governance:

Managing Director

See page 58 for Graham Kerr’s

qualifications and experience.

Katie Tovich

BCom, CA, GAICD, 51

Chief Financial Officer

Katie Tovich became our Chief

Financial Officer in May 2019,

having been Vice President

Corporate Affairs and Investor

Relations, as well as Head of

Treasury. She is responsible for

Financial Reporting, Financial

Analysis, Treasury, Business

Evaluation, Tax, Investor

Relations, Risk and Group

Assurance. Her responsibility

for Corporate Affairs, including

Community, transitioned to

our new Chief External Affairs

Officer on 1 November 2020.

Katie brings more than 25 years

of global experience in the

resources sector. Before joining

us, she held senior finance

and marketing roles at BHP in

Australia and Asia, including

Vice President Corporate

Finance, Head of Finance

Worsley Alumina and Vice

President Finance Marketing

– Carbon Steel Materials.

Earlier in her mining career, she

held finance and marketing

leadership positions at WMC

Resources Limited in Australia

and North America.

Katie holds a Bachelor of

Commerce from the University

of Tasmania and is a member

of Chartered Accountants

Australia and New Zealand.

Mike Fraser

BCom, MBL, 56

Chief Operating Officer

Mike Fraser became our Chief

Operating Officer in April 2018,

having been Chief Operating

Officer for the Africa region

from January 2015. He is

responsible for the Group’s

aluminium and manganese

operations in Africa and the

Cerro Matoso operation in

Colombia.

Before joining us, Mike was

President, Human Resources

with BHP. Before this, he was

Asset President of Mozal

Aluminium in Mozambique. He

has also worked in various roles

in BHP’s coal, manganese and

aluminium businesses. During

his career, Mike held leadership

roles in a large internationally

diversified industrial business,

and has worked in Australia,

Mozambique, South Africa and

the United Kingdom.

Mike holds a Master of Business

Leadership and a Bachelor of

Commerce from the University

of South Africa.

Jason Economidis

MBA (Executive), 52

Chief Operating Officer

Jason Economidis became our

Chief Operating Officer in July

2020, assuming accountability

for Australia Manganese,

Cannington, Illawarra

Metallurgical Coal and Worsley

Alumina. Prior to this, Jason

was Vice President Operations

at Illawarra Metallurgical Coal.

Jason is an experienced mining

executive having worked in the

sector in Australia and overseas

for more than 25 years. He

joined South32 from Orica,

where he held the position of

Vice President Coal and was

responsible for 25 mining

operations across Queensland

and New South Wales.

Jason has held several other

senior positions in the industry

including General Manager of

the Coppabella and Moorvale

Complex for Peabody Energy,

Chief Operating Officer of

Vale Coal Australia, General

Manager of Goonyella-Riverside

and Caval Ridge, Vice President

Health, Safety, Environment and

Community for BHP, and Chief

Operating Officer of Discovery

Metals, based in Botswana.

Jason holds a Master of

Business Administration

(Executive) from the

Australian Graduate School of

Management.

66

South32 Annual Report 2021

Governance:

Letter from our Remuneration Committee Chair: Dear Shareholders,

On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present the Remuneration report for the financial

year to 30 June 2021 (FY21).

Remuneration Policy Review

The Board and Remuneration Committee believe our remuneration policy has served

stakeholders well since Demerger . Our policy has always aimed to strike the right

balance, where remuneration outcomes incentivise and reward our Executives, while

ensuring they reflect overall business performance and the shareholder experience. Our

actual pay outcomes, being the realised value of rewards received since Demerger , are

testament to this alignment, as illustrated in diagram 1.2.

It is, however, appropriate for us to regularly review our remuneration arrangements to ensure they deliver on their intended purpose.

The Remuneration Committee has considered our strategic commitments to further reshape our portfolio and halve our operational

carbon emissions (Scope 1 and 2) by 2035 compared to our FY21 baseline, as these elements will underpin the long-term success of our

business and delivery of value to shareholders.

Following extensive review, the Remuneration Committee has approved specific enhancements to our Reward Framework to further

connect strategy, long-term shareholder value creation and executive remuneration, whilst also recognising the need for even greater

restraint. From FY22, important changes to variable pay include:

–

A 33 per cent reduction in the face value of the long-term incentive (LTI) for all Executive key management personnel (KMP). This

means the face value of the CEO’s LTI reduces from 300 per cent to 200 per cent of Fixed Remuneration, which results in a

19 per cent decrease in Total Reward (based on face value) for the CEO from FY22;

–

The incorporation of two strategic measures for 20 per cent of our LTI, directly linking executive remuneration to our ambitious but

realistic approach to climate change and the transition of our portfolio towards the base metals required for a low-carbon future;

–

An increase in the weighting of the financial measures in the short-term incentive (STI) to achieve an appropriate balance of measures

across the elements of variable pay, given the inclusion of strategic measures in the LTI; and

–

A shift from an index to a constituent group of companies for the global mining comparator group in the LTI, against which two-thirds

of relative total shareholder return performance is measured, to better align our approach to market practice.

Notwithstanding these changes which have resulted in a material reduction in Total Reward (as outlined in more detail on page 87),

there will be no adjustment to the quantum of Fixed Remuneration or target STI.

We have appreciated the opportunity to engage with a number of investors and other external stakeholders ahead of making these

changes and acknowledge the constructive feedback that we have taken on board.

Our performance

We delivered a strong operating result in FY21, including record production at Worsley Alumina, Brazil Alumina, and Australia

Manganese, and exceeded our initial production guidance at South Africa Manganese, Cerro Matoso and Cannington. Our teams worked

hard to control costs and working capital, successfully mitigating increasing signs of inflationary pressure.

Our teams showed incredible resilience to the impacts of COVID-19, particularly in Southern Africa, Colombia and Brazil. Our response to

the COVID-19 pandemic rightly remained our priority as we focused on keeping our people safe and well, maintaining safe and reliable

operations, and supporting our communities.

Together, these efforts underpinned a significant increase in the Group’s profitability. Underlying EBIT grew by 89 per cent to

US$844 million (US$446 million in FY20) and free cash flow increased by 42 per cent to US$825 million(1) (US$583 million in FY20).

US$670 million was returned to shareholders in respect of the period via the distribution of fully franked dividends and the continuation

of our on-market share buy-back.

We also significantly reshaped our portfolio with the divestment of both South Africa Energy Coal (SAEC) and the TEMCO manganese

alloy smelter, and the decision to place the Metalloys manganese alloy smelter on care and maintenance. In parallel we continued to

advance studies at Hermosa, our base metals development option in Arizona, and build upon our global exploration footprint that is

designed to add longer-term development options.

Having met our multi-year objective to maintain Scope 1 emissions below our FY15 baseline, we set a medium-term goal to halve our

operational carbon emissions by 2035 compared to our FY21 baseline. We also recognise the need to contribute to the communities

where we operate. Our contribution takes many forms and in FY21 it included investment of US$22.2 million.

Despite a reduction in recordable injuries for the period, and four of our operations recording their lowest Total Recordable Injury

Frequency (TRIF) to date, our TRIF increased by two per cent to 4.3 and did not meet our 20 per cent year-on-year reduction target.

While our TRIF outcome at a Group level was disappointing, we made good progress in proactive hazard reporting which is key to our

approach to improving safety outcomes.

The collective strength of our performance across the year has been recognised in our Business Scorecard, where an overall outcome of

101 per cent (out of a possible 150 per cent) was achieved (refer to pages 78 to 79 for additional detail).

(1) Free cash flow from operations including net distributions from our manganese equity accounted investments (EAI).

68

South32 Annual Report 2021

Governance

Managing Director

Dated 2 September 2021

Directors’ declaration

147

South32 Annual Report 2021

Financial Report:

