letter, terms, audit plan and budgeted

audit fees.

Internal auditor

The committee is satisfied that the internal auditor, Mazars Advisory (Pty) Ltd (Mazars), was independent of the Company,

which includes consideration of compliance with criteria relating to the Institute of Internal Auditors. Mazars has access to

the committee, primarily through its Chair.

Internal financial control

No red flags have been raised for the committee to believe that the Company’s system of internal controls and risk

management are not effective and that the internal financial controls do not form a sound basis for the preparation of

reliable financial statements.

Duties assigned by the Board

The committee oversees the preparation of the Company’s IAR and the reporting process, including the system of internal

financial control. During the year under review, the committee met with the external auditor without the presence of

management. The committee is satisfied that it has complied with its legal, regulatory, and other responsibilities.

Expertise of the Financial Director and finance function

In compliance with paragraph 3.84(g)(i) of the JSE Listings Requirements, the committee is satisfied with the appropriateness of

the expertise and experience of the financial management team as a whole. The committee has reviewed the qualification and

expertise of the Financial Director through a formal evaluation process and is satisfied with the Financial Director’s performance

supported by the finance team.

Going concern

The committee reviewed the documents prepared by management in which they assessed the going concern status of the

Company and its subsidiaries at year end and the near future. Management concluded that the Group was a going concern.

The committee resolved to recommend acceptance of this conclusion to the Board.

Financial statements

The committee has reviewed the financial statements of the Group and the Company for the year ended 31 December 2021 and

is satisfied that they comply with the IFRS and the Companies Act, and that areas of judgement were discussed to confirm

accounting estimates.

Risk management

The Board has assigned oversight of the Company’s risk management function to the committee and the risk register, consisting

of strategic, operational and IT risks, is tabled at each meeting for discussion. The risk register also acts as the anchor on which

independent assurance activities are developed.

A strategic risk workshop between the committee and Exco was held where strategic risks for the Group were identified and

rated. Subsequently, the strategic risks were approved by the Board and are reported on a quarterly basis.

Fraud prevention

A fraud prevention plan has been implemented and the anonymous tip-off line is functional. Monthly reports are provided

by the independent service provider. The monitoring of reports from this service is shared between this committee and the

Social and Ethics Committee.

Wesizwe Integrated Annual Report 2021

77

Wesizwe Integrated Annual Report 2021

76

Company Overview

What Drives Our Business

Our Performance

Corporate Governance

Remuneration Report

Abridged Group

Financial Statements

Annexures to the Report:

