Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

(resigned w.e.f December 31, 2021)

Gopal Mahadevan, Whole-time Director and Chief Financial Officer

COMPANY SECRETARY

N Ramanathan

SENIOR MANAGEMENT

N V Balachandar

Venkatesh Natarajan

Dr. N Saravanan

Sanjay Saraswat

Amanpreet Singh

Amandeep Singh

Sanjeev Kumar

S Krishnan

K M Balaji

K C Sathiyanarayanan

K Ram Kumar

Sudhir Chikhle

Kanakasabapathi Subramanian

STATUTORY AUDITOR

Price Waterhouse & Co Chartered Accountants LLP

COST AUDITOR

Geeyes & Co

BANKERS

Axis Bank

Bank of Baroda

Central Bank of India

Citi Bank N A

DBS Bank

Federal Bank

HDFC Bank Limited

ICICI Bank Limited

IDBI Bank

Standard Chartered Bank

State Bank of India

MUFG Bank Limited

Yes Bank Limited

REGISTERED OFFICE

No.1, Sardar Patel Road, Guindy, Chennai- 600 032

CORPORATE IDENTIFICATION NUMBER

L34101TN1948PLC000105

PLANTS

Tamil Nadu - Ennore (Chennai), Sriperumbudur (Foundry) and Hosur

Maharashtra - Bhandara, Rajasthan - Alwar, Uttarakhand – Pantnagar

Tamil Nadu – Vellivoyalchavadi (Technical Centre), Andhra Pradesh -

Vijayawada

WEBSITE

www.ashokleyland.com

REGISTRAR AND SHARE TRANSFER AGENT

Integrated Registry Management Services Private Limited

2nd Floor, Kences Towers

1 Ramakrishna Street, North Usman Road

T. Nagar, Chennai-600 017

Tel- +91 44 28140801/03

Fax- 91 44 2814 2479

Email: csdstd@integratedindia.in:

Managing Director and Chief

Executive Officer of the Company for the period April 1, 2021 to

December 31, 2021 as the minimum remuneration as per the

terms of his appointment, including in particular an amount of

` 12,64,69,213/- paid to him for the aforesaid period, being the

amount in excess of the limits prescribed under the provisions

of Section 197 read with Schedule V of the Act, in view of

inadequacy of profits for the financial year 2021-2022.”

“RESOLVED FURTHER that the Board of Directors and the

Nomination and Remuneration Committee thereof, be and

are hereby severally authorized to take such steps as may be

necessary, viz., statutory, contractual or otherwise, in relation

to the above, to settle all matters arising out of and incidental

thereto, to sign and execute deeds, applications, documents and

writings that may be required, on behalf of the Company and

generally to do all such other acts, deeds, matters and things

as may be necessary, proper, expedient or incidental for giving

effect to this Resolution.”

6.

To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without

modification(s), the following resolution as a Special Resolution:

“RESOLVED that pursuant to the provisions of Section 197,

Schedule V and other applicable provisions of the Companies

Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) [including any statutory modification(s)

or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force] and

the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial

Personnel) Rules, 2014, as amended from time to time, the

Ordinary Resolution passed by the Members at the AGM held

on July 31, 2019, and pursuant to the recommendations of the

Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board of

Directors of the Company, the Members do hereby ratify and

confirm the remuneration of ` 5,73,13,925/-paid/payable to

Mr. Gopal Mahadevan (DIN: 01746102), Whole-time Director

and Chief Financial Officer of the Company for the financial

year 2021-22 as the minimum remuneration as per the terms

of his appointment, including in particular an amount of

` 4,05,05,545/- paid/payable to him for the financial year 2021-

22 being the amount in excess of the limits prescribed under

the provisions of Section 197 read with Schedule V of the Act,

in view of inadequacy of profits for the financial year 2021-22.”

“RESOLVED FURTHER that the Board of Directors and the

Nomination and Remuneration Committee thereof, be and

are hereby severally authorized to take such steps as may be

necessary, viz., statutory, contractual or otherwise, in relation

to the above, to settle all matters arising out of and incidental

thereto, to sign and execute deeds, applications, documents and

writings that may be required, on behalf of the Company and

generally to do all such other acts, deeds, matters and things

as may be necessary, proper, expedient or incidental for giving

effect to this Resolution.”

7.

To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without

modification(s), the following resolution as a Special Resolution:

“RESOLVED that pursuant to the provisions of Section 197,

Schedule V and other applicable provisions of the Companies

Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) [including any statutory modification(s)

or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force] and

the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial

Personnel) Rules, 2014, as amended from time to time, the

Ordinary Resolution passed by the Members through Postal

Ballot on January 22, 2022 and pursuant to the recommendations

of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board

of Directors of the Company, the Members do hereby ratify and

confirm the remuneration of ` 1,73,61,111/-paid/payable to

Mr. Dheeraj G Hinduja (DIN: 00133410), Executive Chairman of

the Company for the period from November 26, 2021 till March

31, 2022 as the minimum remuneration as per the terms of his

appointment, including in particular an amount of ` 1,11,13,224/-

paid/payable to him for the aforesaid period, being the amount

in excess of the limits prescribed under the provisions of Section:

Letter etc. by clicking on ‘Upload Board

Resolution/Authority: Letter’ displayed under ‘e-voting’ tab

in their login.

2.

It is strongly recommended that you do not share your

password with any other person and take utmost care

to keep your password confidential. Login to the e-voting

website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts

to key in the correct password. In such an event, you will

need to go through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or

“Physical User Reset Password?” option available on www.

evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

3.

In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently

Asked Questions (FAQs) for shareholders and e-voting user

manual for shareholders available in the download section

of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call the toll free number:

1800 1020 990/1800 224 430 or send a request to

evoting@nsdl.co.in, or contact Amit Vishal, Assistant Vice

President, or Pallavi Mhatre, Senior Manager, National

Securities Depository Ltd., at the designated email IDs:

evoting@nsdl.co.in or AmitV@nsdl.co.in or pallavid@nsdl.

co.in to get your grievances on e-voting addressed.

PROCESS FOR THOSE MEMBERS WHOSE E-MAIL ADDRESS ARE

NOT REGISTERED WITH THE DEPOSITORIES FOR PROCURING

USER ID AND PASSWORD AND REGISTRATION OF E MAIL IDS

FOR E-VOTING FOR THE RESOLUTIONS SET OUT IN THIS NOTICE:

1.

In case shares are held in physical mode, please provide

folio no., name of shareholder, scanned copy of the share

certificate (front and back), PAN (self-attested scanned

copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of

Aadhar Card) along with Form ISR-1 for updation of KYC

details by e-mail to csdstd@integratedindia.in.

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer (‘MD & CEO’) for a period of five years from

December 12, 2019 to December 11, 2024, on such terms and

conditions including payment of remuneration as mentioned therein.

Mr. Vipin Sondhi resigned as the MD & CEO on December 31, 2021 due

to pre-occupation and personal reasons, which the Board of Directors

have duly noted and agreed as requested by him.

Mr. Gopal Mahadevan was appointed as Whole-time Director and

Chief Financial Officer (‘WTD & CFO’) for a period of five years from

May 24, 2019 to May 23, 2024, on such terms and conditions including

payment of remuneration as mentioned therein.

Mr. Dheeraj G Hinduja was appointed as the Executive Chairman for a

period of three years from November 26, 2021 till November 25, 2024,

on such terms and conditions including payment of remuneration as

mentioned therein.

Owing to the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, lower offtake in the

automobile segment and the shortage of semi-conductor chips, rising

commodity prices, the Company’s performance has remained subdued

in the last two years. While relaxation of COVID-19 restrictions and

an increase in the demand contributed to a recovery and better

performance as compared to the previous financial year (2020-21), the

challenges relating to short supply of semi-conductors and increase in

commodity prices affected the Company’s performance for the current

financial year (2021-22), resulting in inadequate profits for the purpose

of computing managerial remuneration.

As a result of the above –

-

the remuneration paid to Mr. Vipin Sondhi, then MD & CEO for

the period – April 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021;

-

the remuneration paid/payable to Mr. Gopal Mahadevan, WTD &

CFO for the financial year 2021-22;

-

the remuneration paid/payable to Mr. Dheeraj G Hinduja,

Executive Chairman for the period November 26, 2021 to March

31, 2022;

exceeds the limits specified under Section 197 and calculations as per

Section 198 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with Schedule V thereto.

Mr. Vipin Sondhi in the position of MD & CEO till December 31, 2021

had been at the forefront in leading the Company steer through a

very difficult year. Under his able leadership, the Company was able

to achieve business as usual while prioritising safety and health of the

employees and stakeholders at large. The remuneration stated in the

resolution includes the leave encashment component and the retiral

benefits forming part of the full and final settlement consequent to his

stepping down as MD & CEO on December 31, 2021. The Nomination

and Remuneration Committee has reviewed his compensation and

his settlement benefits as agreed vis-à-vis the remuneration limits

payable under Schedule V of the Act and noted that his remuneration

including his settlement is commensurate with the responsibilities

taken up by him and the remuneration drawn by his industry peers.

The remuneration paid to Mr. Vipin Sondhi, then MD & CEO (till

December 31, 2021) amounting to Rs. 14,72,63,745/- includes full

and final settlement including his bonus and retiral benefits and leave

encashment.

Mr. Gopal Mahadevan, WTD & CFO of the Company has played a

crucial role in steering the Company through a very turbulent year.

Through effective cash & cost management he has manoeuvred the

Company during tough financial situations and transitioned it into a

lean debt Company; also effectively contributing towards achieving a

positive profit situation. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee

has reviewed his remuneration drawn during the last year and felt

that considering his responsibilities, the size of the Company and its

operations and the remuneration drawn by his industry peers, the

remuneration drawn by him is commensurate with the remuneration

packages paid to similar executives in other companies.

Mr. Dheeraj G Hinduja was appointed as the Executive Chairman with

effect from November 26, 2021 consequent to the resignation of

Mr. Vipin Sondhi, MD & CEO. Mr. Dheeraj’s business acumen,

thorough knowledge of the industry and his strong leadership skills

has helped Company navigate through multiple internal and external

challenges. With his inclusive leadership style and attention to detail,

he has extended strategic guidance to the team to achieve clearly set

targets. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee has reviewed:

Managing Director and before Managing

Director and CEO of SAFT a worldwide recognized battery Company.

Mr. Jose Maria Alapont

Mr José Maria Alapont is an [Independent Non-Executive Director] on the Board of Switch Mobility and chairs

both the Audit Committee and ESG committee. Mr Alapont is also an Independent Director of Ashok Leyland Ltd,

the flagship of the Hinduja Group, Hinduja Automotive Ltd, Hinduja Investments and Project Services Ltd and has

previously served as Director on the Boards of Navistar Inc, Federal Mogul Corp., Fiat Iveco SpA, Ferroglobe Plc,

The Manitowoc Company Inc. and others. Mr Alapont’s career of more than 40 years serving at leading executive

positions and as Board Director of global automotive companies, provides a great in-depth sector experience and

is invaluable as Switch continues to expand globally. Most recently, Mr Alapont served as Chairman, President and

CEO of Federal-Mogul Corp. He also served as President and CEO of Fiat Iveco SaP, prior to which he has held

executive, President and Vice President positions at other leading vehicle manufacturers and suppliers including

Ford Motor Company, Delphi Corp. and Valeo SA.

Mr Alapont holds a degree in Industrial Engineering from the Valencia Technical school and a degree in Philosophy

from the University of Valencia, Spain.

Ms. Manisha Girotra

Has more than 25 years of investment banking experience, with extensive cross-border M&A expertise across a

broad range of industries. She is currently the Chief Executive Officer of Moelis India. Prior to that, she was CEO

and Country Head of UBS in India managing its investment bank, commercial bank, markets, equity research and

wealth management divisions. She has appeared in Business Today’s ‘25 Most Powerful Women in Business in

India’ for the past six years as well as Fortune India’s ‘50 Most Powerful Women in Business’ in 2014 and 2015

Mr. Sanjay K Asher

A Commerce and a Law Graduate from the Bombay University. He is a qualified Chartered Accountant. He has

been a Practising Advocate since 1990 with M/s Crawford Bayley & Co., which is a leading law firm. He was

admitted as a Solicitor in the year 1993 and is presently a Senior Partner of M/s Crawford Bayley & Co., He is a

Director on the Board of various companies and is a leading authority in legal and corporate law matters

Mr. Saugata Gupta

Mr. Saugata Gupta serves as the: Managing

Managing Director and

Executive Chairman of Hospira Healthcare India Private Limited, a Pfizer Company (2010-2015). Prior to that, he

was Deputy: Managing Director of Orchid Pharma (1998-2010) and Head of Corporate Planning of Ashok Leyland

and Hinduja Group (1978-1998). His initial assignments were in State Bank of India, Tata Motors, and Scooters

India (1974-1978). Dr. C Bhaktavatsala Rao’s expertise and experience covers pharmaceutical and automobile

industries as well as other industries. Dr. C Bhaktavatsala Rao executed several growth projects in globally

networked multinational environments, establishing facilities, and building organisations. He spearheaded many

value-adding initiatives in the companies he was associated with-from conceptualisation to commercialisation.

Widely travelled internationally, Dr. C Bhaktavatsala Rao has to his credit several industry-leading global business

development and strategic alliances.

Mr. Shom Ashok Hinduja

A third generation member of the Hinduja Family, Mr. Shom Ashok Hinduja is currently the President – Alternative

Energy and Sustainability Initiatives, at the Hinduja Group. Mr. Shom has led the Group’s foray into the alternative

energy sector and serves as the

Letter of Comfort/: Letter of Support/Letter of Awareness, or

whatever name called etc., the Company expects that the aggregate

value of transactions between the Company and SWITCH during the

FY 2022-23 will be in excess of ` 1000 Crores and is estimated to be

in the range of ` 1500 Crores to ` 2000 Crores. Hence, approval of the

Members of the Company is sought by way of an Ordinary Resolution

for the transactions with SWITCH in one or more tranches, for the FY

2022-23.

Members are requested to note that the transactions between the

Company and SWITCH would be in the ordinary course of business and

at arm’s length basis.

The particulars of the transaction(s) as required under Regulation 23 of

the SEBI Listing Regulations read with SEBI Circular dated November 22,

2021 on Disclosure Obligations in relation to Related Party Transactions

is provided as Annexure to the Notice.

The Audit Committee at its meeting held on February 11, 2022 has

provided an omnibus approval for the Related Party Transactions

proposed to be entered into with SWITCH and has further recommended

the same to the Board. The Board at its meeting held on May 19, 2022

had considered and reviewed the Material Related Party Transactions

with SWITCH and the terms attached to it.

The Audit Committee and the Board of the Company are of the

opinion that the Related Party Transactions with SWITCH are in the

best interest of the Company.

The Board, therefore, recommends the Resolution set out in the Notice

for the approval of the Members in terms of Regulation 23(4) of the

SEBI Listing Regulations.

Except for Mr. Dheeraj G Hinduja, Executive

Managing Director and Executive

Chairman of Hospira Heath Care India Private Limited

and Pfizer Co between 2010-15.

Mr. Dheeraj is an entrepreneur, and part of a global business

conglomerate-Hinduja Group. His areas of expertise

include multi-sectoral global business portfolio strategies,

building and transforming organizations, attracting and

nurturing best-in class Boards and Management talents,

creating world class CSR interventions, etc.

He is associated with many business sectors including

Automotive, Engineering, Power, Information Technology,

etc. He also provides social Sector leadership in Education,

Nutrition, Healthcare, Preservation of cultural heritage,

etc.

Board Membership of

other Companies as on

date of the Notice

1.

Leadercrest Academy Private Limited

2.

Finsop Consulting Private Limited

3.

Sentiss Pharma Private Limited

1)

Hinduja Tech Limited*

2)

Hinduja National Power Corporation Limited#

3)

Hinduja Leyland Finance Limited*

4)

Hinduja Automotive Limited (UK)#

5)

Switch Mobility Limited (UK)*

6)

Gro Digital Platforms Limited*

7)

Switch Mobility Automotive Limited*

Chairmanship(s)/

Membership(s) of

Committees of other

Companies as on date of

the Notice

1)

Sentiss Pharma Private Limited

a)

Audit Committee - Member

1)

Hinduja National Power Corporation Limited

(a)

Nomination and Remuneration Committee -

Member

(b)

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee -

Chairman

2)

Hinduja Tech Limited

(a)

Nomination and Remuneration Committee -

Member

(b)

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee -

Chairman

3)

Hinduja Leyland Finance Limited

(a)

Nomination and Remuneration Committee -

Member

(b)

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee -

Chairman

(c)

Risk Management Committee - Member

Number of shares held in

the Company (self and as

a beneficial owner)

1,690 shares in individual capacity and 6,550 shares as

the Karta of HUF

Nil:

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer of the Company stepped down from the Board

with effect from December 31, 2021. The Board wishes to place on

record its appreciation for the valuable contributions made by him to

the Board and the Company during his tenure.

Based on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee, the Board of Directors at their meeting held on November

12, 2021 had appointed Mr. Shom Ashok Hinduja (DIN: 07128441)

as an Additional Director (Non-Executive, Non-Independent) of the

Company which was approved by the Members through Postal Ballot

on January 22, 2022.

Based on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee, the Board of Directors at their meeting held on November

26, 2021 appointed Mr. Dheeraj G Hinduja (DIN: 00133410) as the

Executive Chairman (Whole-time) of the Company, for a period of three

years commencing from November 26, 2021 to November 25, 2024.

His appointment and remuneration was approved by the Members

through Postal Ballot on January 22, 2022. The Ministry of Corporate

Affairs, New Delhi has since approved his appointment.

The Members at the AGM held on September 8, 2021 through special

resolution had re-appointed Mr. Jose Maria Alapont as an Independent

Director for the second term commencing from January 25, 2022 to

January 24, 2027 who would attain the age of 75 years during his term.

During the year, Prof. Dr. Andreas H Biagosch, Independent Director of

the Company stepped down as a Director from the Board of Hinduja

Leyland Finance Limited, the Company’s Material Subsidiary. Mr. Jean

Brunol was appointed as an Independent Director on the Board of

Hinduja Leyland Finance Limited as required under Regulation 24(1) of

the SEBI Listing Regulations.

The Company has received declarations from all the Independent

Directors of the Company confirming that they meet the criteria of

independence prescribed under the Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations

and they have registered their names in the Independent Directors’

Databank. Further, there has been no change in the circumstances

which may affect their status as Independent Director during the year.

The terms and conditions of appointment of the Independent Directors

are placed on the website of the Company https://www.ashokleyland.

com/in/en/investors/investor-information/compliances-under-the-

companies-act-2013.

Dr. C Bhaktavatsala Rao, Director retires by rotation at the forthcoming

Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) and being eligible, offers himself for

re-appointment and the resolutions seeking approval of the Members

for his re-appointment has been incorporated in the Notice convening

the AGM of the Company along with brief details about him.

At the Board meeting held on May 19, 2022, the Board revised the

remuneration of Mr. Dheeraj G Hinduja, Executive Chairman with effect

from April 1, 2022 which is subject to the approval of the Members

at the forthcoming AGM and the resolution seeking approval of the

Members has been incorporated in the Notice convening the AGM.

The Company has disclosed the Director’s familiarization programme on

its website at https://www.ashokleyland.com/backend/in/wp-content/

uploads/sites/2/2022/04/Familiarisation-programme-for-Independent-

Directors-2022.pdf#toolbar=0.

During the year, the Non-Executive Directors of the Company had no

pecuniary relationship or transactions with the Company, other than

sitting fees, commission and reimbursement of expenses incurred by

them for attending meetings of the Company.

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2(51) and 203 of the Act, the

Key Managerial Personnel of the Company are Mr. Dheeraj G Hinduja,

Executive Chairman, Mr. Gopal Mahadevan, Whole-time Director and

Chief Financial Officer and Mr. N. Ramanathan, Company Secretary.

DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 134(5) of the Act the Board of

Directors, to the best of their knowledge and ability, confirm that:

a)

in the preparation of the annual financial statements for the year

ended March 31, 2022, the applicable Accounting Standards had

been followed along with proper explanation relating to material

departures;

b)

for the financial year ended March 31, 2022, such accounting

policies as mentioned in the Notes to the financial statements

have been applied consistently and judgments and estimates that

are reasonable and prudent have been made so as to give a true

and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company at the end

of the financial year and of the profit of the Company for the

financial year ended March 31, 2022;

c)

that proper and enough care has been taken for the maintenance

of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions

of the Act for safeguarding the assets of the Company and for

preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities;

d)

the annual financial statements have been prepared on a going

concern basis;

BOARD’S REPORT:

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer*

NA

NA

13.

N Ramanathan, Company

Secretary

16.78

9.82

*Not applicable since Mr. Vipin Sondhi resigned as the MD &

CEO with effect from December 31, 2021.

#Not applicable since Mr. Dheeraj G Hinduja was appointed

as the Executive Chairman from November 26, 2021 and the

remuneration drawn during the year represents sitting fee from

April 1, 2021 to November 25, 2021 paid to him as a Non-

Executive Director and the remuneration paid to him as the

Executive Chairman during November 26, 2021 to March 31,

2022.

@Appointed as Director with effect from November 12, 2021

and hence not applicable.

ANNEXURE B TO THE BOARD’S REPORT

PARTICULARS OF EMPLOYEES

b.

The median remuneration for the year 2021-22 is ` 876,523/-.

c.

The Percentage increase/(decrease) in the median remuneration

of the employees in the financial year is 14.99%

d.

The number of permanent employees on the rolls of Company:

10,101

e.

Average percentile increase already made in the salaries of

employees other than the managerial personnel in the last

financial year and its comparison with the percentile increase

in the managerial remuneration and justification thereof and

point out if there are any exceptional circumstances for increase

in the managerial remuneration:

Increase in remuneration is based on remuneration policy of the

Company.

f.

Affirmation that the remuneration is as per the remuneration

policy of the Company:

The Company affirms that the remuneration is as per the

remuneration policy of the Company.

g.

Mr. Dheeraj G Hinduja, Co-Chairman of Hinduja Automotive

Limited (Holding Company) was in receipt of remuneration on a

monthly basis and the same for the period December 1, 2021 to

March 31, 2022 was £50,961.

Mr. Dheeraj G Hinduja, Executive Chairman was in receipt of

Commission amounting to Rs. 55.90 lakhs for the FY 2021-

22 from Hinduja Leyland Finance Limited, a subsidiary of the

Company.

h.

Mr. Gopal Mahadevan, Whole-time Director and Chief Financial

Officer was in receipt of Commission amounting to ` 17.54

lakhs for FY 2021-22 from Hinduja Leyland Finance Limited, a

subsidiary of the Company.

i.

The statement containing top ten employees in terms of

remuneration drawn and particulars of employees as required

under Section 197(12) of the Act, read with Rule 5(2) of the

Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial

Personnel) Rules, 2014, is provided in a separate annexure

forming part of this report. Further, the report and the accounts

are being sent to the members excluding the aforesaid annexure.

In terms of Section 136 of the Act, the said annexure is open for

inspection and has been hosted on the website of the Company

www.ashokleyland.com. Any shareholder interested in obtaining

a copy of the same may write to the Company Secretary and the

same will be provided free of cost to the shareholder.:

letter of law.

•

Clear and ethical strategic direction and sound business

decisions.

•

The effective exercising of ownership.

•

Transparent

and

professional

decision

making

and

disclosures.

•

Excellence in corporate governance by abiding the

guidelines and continuous assessment of Board processes

and the management systems for constant improvisation.

•

Greater attention is paid to the protection of minority

shareholders rights.

b.

Your Company recognises the rights of all the stakeholders

and encourages co-operation between the Company and the

stakeholders to enable your participation in the corporate

governance process.

c.

Your Company ensures adequate, timely and accurate disclosure

of all material matters including the financial situation,

performance, ownership and governance of the Company to

the stock exchanges and the investors. Information is prepared

and disclosed in accordance with the prescribed standards and

ANNEXURE C TO THE BOARD’S REPORT

REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

is disseminated in an equal, timely and cost efficient manner for

access by users.

Board of Directors

i.

As on March 31, 2022, the Board comprised of eleven Directors.

Of the eleven directors, nine (81.82%) are Non-Executive Directors

and six (54.55%) are Independent Directors including a Woman

Director. Mr. Dheeraj G Hinduja is the Executive Chairman. The

composition of the Board is in conformity with Regulation 17 of

the SEBI Listing Regulations and Section 149 of the Companies

Act, 2013 (“Act”), read with the relevant rules made thereunder.

ii.

The

number

of

Directorships,

Committee

memberships/

chairmanships of all Directors is within the respective limits

prescribed under the Act and SEBI Listing Regulations. Necessary

disclosures regarding Board and Committee positions in other

public companies as on March 31, 2022 have been made by all

the Directors of the Company.

iii.

Your Company has received declarations from all its Independent

Directors confirming that they meet the criteria of independence

prescribed both under the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI

Listing Regulations. The Board at its meeting held on May 19,

2022 has taken on record these declarations received from

the Independent Directors. In the opinion of the Board, the

Independent Directors of the Company fulfil the conditions

specified in SEBI Listing Regulations and are independent of the

Management.

iv.

Every Independent Director, at the first meeting of the Board in

which he/she participates as a Director and thereafter at the first

meeting of the Board in every financial year, gives declarations

under Section 149(7) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of

the SEBI Listing Regulations that he/she meets the criteria of

independence as stated in these provisions/clauses.

v.

The Independent Directors have included their names in the

databank of Independent Directors maintained with the Indian

Institute of Corporate Affairs in terms of Section 150 of the Act

read with Rule 6 of the Companies (Appointment & Qualification

of Directors) Rules, 2014.

vi.

Your Company has issued a formal: letter of appointment to all

Independent Directors and the terms and conditions of their

appointment have been hosted on the website of the Company.

vii.

The re-appointment of Mr. Jose Maria Alapont as an Independent

Director for the second term commencing from January 25,

2022 to January 24, 2027 who would attain the age 75 years

during his term was approved by the Members at the AGM held

on September 8, 2021 by a special resolution in pursuance of

Regulation 17(1A) of the SEBI Listing Regulations.

viii.

The names and categories of the Directors on the Board, their

attendance at Board meetings held during the year and the number

of directorships and Committee chairmanships/memberships

held by them in other public companies as on March 31, 2022

is given herein below.

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer resigned with effect from December 31, 2021.

Inter-se relationship between Directors - Nil

ANNEXURE C TO THE BOARD’S REPORT

REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Directorships in other listed entities

Name of the

Director

Name of the listed

entity

Category

Mr. Sanjay K

Asher

Deepak Nitrite Limited

Non-Executive

Independent Director

IndusInd Bank Limited

Meghmani Finechem

Limited

Sonata Software Limited

Sudarshan Chemicals

Industries Limited

Tribhovandas Bhimji

Zaveri Limited

Mr. Saugata

Gupta

Marico Limited: Managing

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer

Resigned as: Managing Director & Chief

Executive

Officer

with

effect

from

December 31, 2021.

ix.

None of the Directors on the Board is a member of more than

ten Committees or

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer

(till December 31, 2021)

Mr. Gopal Mahadevan,

Whole-time Director and

Chief Financial Officer

1

Gross salary:

(a) Salary as per provisions contained in Section

17(1) of the Income-tax Act, 1961

1,55,00,992

13,93,12,236

5,60,42,765

(b) Value of perquisites under Section 17(2) of

the Income-tax Act, 1961

11,10,119

72,01,509

5,21,160

2

Employee Stock Option

-

-

-

3

Others - Retirement benefits

750,000

750,000

750,000

Total

1,73,61,111

147,263,745*

57,313,925

The above figures are on accrual basis.

*Includes leave encashment of ` 79,45,753/-.

The excess remuneration paid/payable is subject to ratification of the Members in the ensuing Annual General Meeting as required under Section

197 read with Schedule V of the Act.

Employee Stock Option is treated as perquisite only at the time of exercise of option under Income Tax Act, 1961. Accordingly, the expense charged

during the vesting period is not considered here.

Services of the Executive Chairman and WTD & CFO may be terminated by either party, giving the other party three months’ notice. There is no

separate provision for payment of severance pay.

During the year, no Employee Stock Options were granted under the Ashok Leyland Limited ESOP 2016 and 2018 Schemes.

ANNEXURE C TO THE BOARD’S REPORT

REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE:

Managing Director

& Chief Executive

Officer

2

2

Mr. Shom Ashok

Hinduja#

Non-Independent,

Non-Executive

-

-

*Appointed as a Member with effect from August 12, 2021.

#Appointed as a Member with effect from February 11, 2022.

@Mr. Vipin Sondhi ceased to be a Member of this Committee

consequent to his resignation as the: Managing

Managing Director,

Mr. Dheeraj G Hinduja was appointed as Executive

Chairman with effect from November 26, 2021.

(x)

Reconciliation of Share Capital Audit

Your Company has engaged a qualified practising Company

secretary to carry out share capital audit to reconcile the

total admitted equity share capital with the National Securities

Depository Limited (NSDL) and the Central Depository Services

(India) Limited (CDSL) and the total issued and listed equity share

capital of the Company. The audit report confirms that the total

issued/paid-up capital is in agreement with the total number of

shares in physical form and the total number of dematerialised

shares held with NSDL and CDSL.

(xi)

Disclosure of Accounting Treatment

Your Company has not adopted any alternative accounting

treatment prescribed differently from the Ind AS.

(xii) Non-Executive Directors’ compensation and disclosures

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee recommends all

fees/compensation paid to the Non-Executive Directors (including

Independent Directors) and thereafter, the fees/compensation is

fixed by the Board and approved by the Members in the General

Meeting, if required. The remuneration paid/payable to the Non-

Executive Directors exceeds the limits prescribed under the Act

and hence is subject to shareholder’s approval at the ensuing

AGM.

(xiii) Code of Conduct

Your Company has received confirmations from the Board and the

Senior Management Personnel regarding their adherence to the

Code of Conduct. The Annual Report of the Company contains

a certificate by the Executive Chairman, on the compliance

declarations received from the Board and Senior Management.

The Code has been hosted on the Company’s website under

the web link https://www.ashokleyland.com/in/en/investors/

investor-information/corporate-governance.

(xiv) Code of Conduct for Prohibition of Insider Trading

Your Company has adopted a Code of Conduct as per Securities

and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading)

Regulations, 2015, as amended. All Designated Persons who

could have access to the Unpublished Price Sensitive Information

of the Company are governed by the Code. During the year under

review, there has been due compliance with SEBI (Prohibition of

Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015. On a quarterly basis, the Audit

Committee reviews the compliance with these Regulations. Your

Company has also formulated a Code of Practises and Procedures

for Fair Disclosure of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information.

The Codes have been hosted the Company’s website at https://

www.ashokleyland.com/in/en/investors/investor-information/

policies.

(xv) Your Company has obtained a certificate from a Company

secretary in practice that none of the Directors on the Board

of the Company have been debarred or disqualified from being

appointed or continuing as directors of companies by the

Securities and Exchange Board of India/Ministry of Corporate

Affairs or any such statutory authority. The same is attached as

Annexure E.

(xvi) During the year under review, the Company did not raise any

funds through preferential allotment or qualified institutions

placement as specified under Regulation 32(7A) of the SEBI

Listing Regulations. However, during the year under review,

the Company has issued several Non-Convertible Debentures

(‘NCDs’) on private placement basis, listed on Wholesale Debt

market segment of National Stock Exchange of India Limited. Your

Company affirms that there has been no deviation or variation in

utilisation of proceeds of the listed NCDs of the Company.

(xvii) During the year under review, the Company had not granted

any loans/advances in the nature of loans to firms/companies in

which Directors are interested.

(xviii) The requirements of Regulation 17 to Regulation 27 of the SEBI

Listing Regulations and clauses (b) to (i) of Regulation 46(2) to

the extent applicable to the Company have been complied with

as disclosed in this Report.

ANNEXURE C TO THE BOARD’S REPORT

REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. My responsibility is to express an opinion on

these secretarial records based on my audit.

2.

I have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate, also taking into account the peculiar circumstances leading to the

national lockdown imposed by the Government of India due to the pandemic, to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the

contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records.

I believe that the processes and practices we followed, provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4.

Where ever required, I have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and happening

of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of management.

My examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which

the management has conducted the affairs of the company.

Signature:

Name of Company Secretary in Practice: B. CHANDRA

ACS No.: 20879

C P No.: 7859

UDIN: A020879D000344719

Place : Chennai

Date : May 19, 2022

ANNEXURE H TO THE BOARD’S REPORT

SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

Form No. MR-3

SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2022

Pursuant to section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rule No.9 of the Companies

(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]

To

The Members,

ASHOK LEYLAND LIMITED,

No. 1, Sardar Patel Road,

Guindy, Chennai – 600 032

I have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance of applicable

statutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate practices

by ASHOK LEYLAND LIMITED bearing CIN L34101TN1948PLC000105

(hereinafter called the Company). Secretarial Audit was conducted

in a manner that provided me a reasonable basis for evaluating the

corporate conducts/statutory compliances and expressing my opinion

thereon.

Based on my verification of the Company’s books, papers, minute

books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the

Company and also the information provided by the Company, its

officers, agents and authorised representatives during the conduct of

secretarial audit, I hereby report that in my opinion, the Company has,

during the audit period covering the financial year ended on March

31, 2022, complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and

also that the Company has proper Board processes and compliance-

mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the

reporting made hereinafter:

I have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns

filed and other records maintained by the Company for the financial

year ended on March 31, 2022, according to the provisions of:

(i)

The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the rules made there

under;

(ii)

The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) and the

rules made there under;

(iii)

The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws

framed there under;

(iv)

Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and

regulations made there under to the extent of Foreign Direct

Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial

Borrowings;

(v)

The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the

Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (‘SEBI Act’): -

a.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial

Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;

b.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of

Insider Trading) Regulations, 1992 and The Securities and

Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading)

Regulations 2015;

c.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

obligations and Disclosure requirements) Regulations 2015;

d.

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based

Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014:

letter of even date which is annexed

as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this report.

ANNEXURE I TO THE BOARD’S REPORT

ANNEXURE-A SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT OF EVEN DATE

To,

The Members,

Hinduja Leyland Finance Limited

CIN# U65993TN2008PLC069837

1 Sardar Patel Road,

Guindy, Chennai – 600032

Our Report of even date is to be read along with this: letter.

1.

Maintenance of Secretarial record is the responsibility of the

management of the company. Our responsibility is to express an

opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were

appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness

of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was

done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in

secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices,

we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of

financial records and books of accounts of the Company.

4.

Where ever required, we have obtained the Management

representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of corporate and other

applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility

of management. Our examination was limited to the verification

of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the

future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness

with which the management has conducted the affairs of the

Company.

Place : Chennai

Date : 17th May, 2022

For M/s. G Ramachandran & Associates

Company Secretaries

G. RAMACHANDRAN

Proprietor

FCS No.9687 CoP. No.3056

UDIN: F009687D000324738

Letter of credit

and other forms. The Company’s trade and other receivables consists of a large number of customers, across geographies, hence the

Company is not exposed to concentration risk except in case of a STU.

The Company makes a loss allowance using simplified approach for expected credit loss and on a case to case basis.

Expected credit loss for other than trade receivables has been assessed and based on life-time expected credit loss, loss allowance

provision has been made. The ageing on trade receivable is given in note 1.10.

The credit risk on liquid funds and derivative financial instruments is limited because the counterparties are banks with high

credit-ratings.

(C)

Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk refers to the risk that the Company cannot meet its financial obligations. The objective of liquidity risk management is

to maintain sufficient liquidity and ensure that funds are available for use as per requirements. The Company has obtained fund and

non-fund based working capital limits from various banks. Furthermore, the Company has access to funds from debt markets through

commercial paper programs, non-convertible debentures, and other debt instruments. The Company invests its surplus funds in bank

fixed deposit and mutual funds, which carry minimal mark to market risks.

The company had access to the following undrawn borrowing facilities at the end of the reporting period:

March 31, 2022

March 31, 2021

` Crores

` Crores

From Banks

-

Secured

2,200.00

2,800.00

-

Unsecured

786.33

451.31

Total

2,986.33

3,251.31

Further to the above, the Company has an option to issue commercial paper for an amount of ` 2,000 crores (March 31, 2021 `1,750

crores). The Company also constantly monitors funding options available in the debt and capital markets with a view to maintain financial

flexibility.:

Managing Director and CEO .................................................................................................... upto December 31, 2021

Mr. Gopal Mahadevan, Whole-time Director and Chief Financial Officer

Prof. Dr. Andreas H Biagosch

Dr. Andrew C Palmer

Mr. Jean Brunol

Mr. Jose Maria Alapont

Ms. Manisha Girotra

Mr. Sanjay K Asher

Mr. Shom Ashok Hinduja .......................................................................................................................................from November 12, 2021

Mr. Saugata Gupta

Dr. C B Rao

Note:

Transaction with Rajalakshmi Wind Energy Limited (erstwhile Ashok Leyland Wind Energy Limited) and Prathama Solarconnect Energy

Private Limited have not been disclosed as being with an associate since the Company does not have significant influence over Rajalakshmi

Wind Energy Limited and Prathama Solarconnect Energy Private Limited, although the Company holds 26% of the equity share capital of

Rajalakshmi Wind Energy Limited and Prathama Solarconnect Energy Private Limited respectively.

*The Company has intimated Ocorian Trust (Isle Of Man) Limited (March 2021: Estera trust (Isle of Man) Limited) as significant beneficial

owner pursuant to the Companies (Significant Beneficial Owners) Rules, 2018.

**Mr. Dheeraj Hinduja was appointed as Executive Chairman (Whole Time) subject to approval of Central Government pursuant to provisions

of Schedule V Section I, Part I of Companies Act, 2013.:

Managing Director and CEO ……………………………………………...………………………………………..........upto December 31, 2021

Mr. Gopal Mahadevan, Whole-time Director and Chief Financial Officer

Prof. Dr. Andreas H Biagosch

Dr. Andrew C Palmer

Mr. Jean Brunol

Mr. Jose Maria Alapont

Ms. Manisha Girotra

Mr. Sanjay K Asher

Mr. Saugata Gupta

Mr. Shom Ashok Hinduja ………………………………………………………………….............................................................…… from November 12, 2021

Dr. CB Rao

Note:

Transaction with Rajalakshmi Wind Energy Limited (erstwhile Ashok Leyland Wind Energy Limited) and Prathama Solarconnect Energy Private

Limited have not been disclosed as being with associate since the company does not have significant influence over Rajalakshmi Wind

Energy Limited and Prathama Solarconnect Energy Private Limited, although the Parent Company holds 26% of the equity share capital of

Rajalakshmi Wind Energy Limited and Prathama Solarconnect Energy Private Limited respectively.

* The Parent Company has intimated Ocorian Trust (Isle Of Man) Limited (March 2021: Estera trust (Isle of Man) Limited) as significant

beneficial owner pursuant to the Companies (Significant Beneficial Owners) Rules, 2018

** Mr. Dheeraj Hinduja was appointed as Executive Chairman (Whole Time) subject to approval of Central Government pursuant to provisions

of Schedule V Section 1, part 1 of Companies Act, 2013.

3.9

RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURE (contd.):

letter of comfort issued by the Parent Company.

5.

STL 2 and STL 3 Sub 5 relating to a subsidiary is in the nature of an overdraft facility which is secured by corporate guarantee given

by the Parent Company.

6.

STL 1 Sub 9 relating to a subsidiary is in the nature of a working capital demand loan which is secured against inventories and trade

receivables of the subsidiary.

7.

STL 1 Sub 10 relating to a subsidiary is in the nature of a overdraft facility which is secured by hypothecation of book debts of the

subsidiary.:

