Dear Shareholders,

The last couple of years have been challenging for humanity and this

has had an impact on businesses too. The Covid-19 pandemic led to

a humanitarian crisis that increased the importance of a robust health

infrastructure, innovation, technology and digitization like never before.

Despite all the uncertainties, Blue Dart continues to fulfil its role as the

Trade Facilitator to the nation, delivering excellence at every touchpoint.

We pay tribute to everyone affected and our thoughts are with those who

have left us. Every individual at Blue Dart has played a crucial role through

this period, not only as a Provider of Choice to customers but also rising

to the challenge and going above and beyond the call of duty to help in

their communities. Together, ‘As One’, we responded to the challenges

that came our way and focused on being the best for all stakeholders.

While the year began on a positive note, welcoming the newly approved

vaccines against COVID-19, hope remained short-lived as the second and

third waves developed from emerging variants spread across the world.

The FY 2021-22 began with the Indian economy witnessing a record

high economic growth. As opposed to the severe contraction of 23.8%

in the same quarter of the previous financial year, GDP rose 20.1% in Q1

FY 2021-221. As resilience to the pandemic built amongst the masses,

‘business as usual’ became easier to achieve with macroeconomic

indicators projecting green shoots. GST collection, retail activity and PMIs

suggested solid momentum. The Indian economy continues to remain

one of the fastest growing economies, despite numerous disruptions,

surpassing the pre-COVID GDP by more than 4.1% in the last quarter

(January-March) of FY 2021-22.

We overcame the uncertainties with a – ‘Can Do’ - attitude and quickly

responded to the changing socio-economic environment. Staying

ahead of the curve at all times, your company delivered an exceptional

performance in FY 2021-22, creating all time high record. For the year

ended March 31, 2022, your Company, on a standalone basis reported

Income from operations of ` 4,40,902 Lakhs (previous year – ` 3,27,970

Lakhs) and posted net profit after tax, on a standalone basis of ` 37,644

Lakhs (previous year net profit after tax of ` 9,631 Lakhs).

The Board of Directors have proposed a Final Dividend of ` 35/- (Rupees

Thirty Five only) per share, subject to necessary approval by the

Shareholders at the ensuing Annual General Meeting of the Company.

Together with an Interim Dividend of ` 25/- (Rupees Twenty Five only) per

share, the total dividend for the financial year 2021- 2022 amounts to ` 60/-

(Rupees Sixty only) per equity share of ` 10/- each.

Keeping our, ‘People First’ approach at the core, your company is

committed to fostering an – ‘Insanely Customer Centric Culture’ – that puts

its customers FIRST, always. Your company ramped up its Temperature

Controlled Logistics (TCL) solutions even before the need arose. The

second wave of the pandemic did pose a challenge given the localized

restrictions that differed across state lines; a stressed last mile meant

that oxygen concentrators and other mission-critical equipment, a major

necessity during the second wave, had to be delivered on time. Given the

industry limitation to provide efficient last mile delivery of mission critical

medical and pharmaceutical equipment, your company leveraged its

capabilities – its fleet of Boeing 757 aircraft, ground network that enables

a reach to 35000+ locations across the country and a diverse team of

industry experts, to bridge the gap in the supply chain, & support the

nation in its fight against the pandemic.

Moreover, innovation remained consistent, as your company made leaps

and strides in devising technology-led solutions that would sustain the

supply chain in the event of another unprecedented crisis. Therefore, your

company launched the Blue Dart Med-Express Consortium as a part of the

‘Medicine from the Sky’ project, initiated by the Government of Telangana,

the Ministry of Civil Aviation, World Economic Forum & Niti Aayog. Under

this, leveraging the power of drone flights, your company has piloted the

pick-up and delivery of mission critical shipments in the interior areas of

the nation. Your company’s innovation and use of future-ready technology

continue to grow thereby enabling it to remain the backbone of the industry

as its Intelligent & Technology leader.

Your company has always recognized that it is its workforce that makes

it South Asia’s Most Innovative Express Logistics provider, a Customer

Trusted brand and a Provider of Choice. Throughout the year, our

people worked 24x7 in ensuring supply chain continuity despite arduous

circumstances. Their efforts have been key in helping Blue Dart achieve

all that it has, and in return, your company leaves no stone unturned

in prioritizing their interests. Apart from providing vaccination for all

employees, we introduced several initiatives to prioritise their health &

safety as well as provided merit-based increments in the year. Blue Dart

also provided its employees with a COVID-19 appreciation bonus in 2021;

a token of gratitude for their efforts during the pandemic.

Blue Dart’s market leadership stems from the organization’s understanding

that it cannot innovate ahead of the velocity of customers’ demand if it

does not have a workforce that mirrors customers' needs and deeply

understands each sector's business segment. Your company has always

prioritized being an ‘Equal Opportunity Employer’ and considers it to be

a key part of its corporate culture. Diversity & Inclusion at Blue Dart is

encouraged in every form of the word; including gender, race, religion,

age, disability, sexual orientation, or any other characteristics protected

under law.

In line with this, your company has introduced a myriad of Diversity &

Inclusion (D&I) initiatives to bridge the gap in the number of women

actively contributing to the workforce. From initiating a Woman Employee

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-2022

8: CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT

1 India GDP News Updates: Economy grows 20.1% in April-June quarter helped by

low base effect

Managing Director of your company for an additional period of 5 years with

effect from 16th May 2022 to 15th May 2027. I also would like to take this

opportunity to acknowledge and thank Mr. Narendra Sarda whose tenure

as Independent Director ceased with effect from March 27, 2022, for his

valuable contribution to Blue Dart.

As we look forward to 2022, your company assures that what has worked

well in the past will continue to be our practice towards achieving many

more milestones. Your company aims to continue to remain a Provider of

Choice, an Employer of Choice and an Investment of Choice with a key

focus on agility and adaptability.

On behalf of the Board of Directors, I take this opportunity to thank everyone

at Blue Dart and our customers for their commitment and support.

I thank you, the shareholders, for your continued support and trust reposed

in your Company.

It gives me great pleasure to share with you the Annual Report of your

company for the year ended March 31, 2022.

Warm regards,

Mumbai

Sharad Upasani

June 15, 2022

Chairman

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-2022

9:

Managing Director.

5.

Does the Company have a specified committee of the Board/

Director/Official to oversee the implementation of the policy?

The Board has constituted the BRR Committee

comprising of Mr. Sharad Upasani, Ms. Tulsi Nowlakha

Mirchandaney and Ms. Kavita Nair.

6.

Indicate the link for the policy to be viewed online

Copies will be made available on receipt of written

request from the shareholders.

7.

Has the policy been formally communicated to all relevant

internal and external stakeholders?

The policies have been formally communicated to

internal and external stakeholders.

8.

Does the Company have in-house structure to implement the

policy/policies?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

9.

Does the Company have a grievance redressal mechanism

to address stakeholders’ grievance related to the policy/

policies?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

10.

Has the Company carried out independent audit/ evaluation

of working of this policy by an internal or external agency?

It will be done in due course.

QUESTION

REFERENCE SECTION

GRI

3. Governance related to BR

Indicate the frequency with which the Board of Directors, Committee of the Board

or CEO to assess the BR performance of the Company. (Within 3 months, 3-6

months, annually, more than 1 year?)

Annually

GRI 102-31 and

102-52

Does the Company publish a BR or a Sustainability Report? What is the hyperlink

for viewing this report? How frequently it is published?

The Company has been publishing

information on its sustainability efforts

as part of its annual report on a

voluntary basis.

SECTION E: PRINCIPLE - WISE PERFORMANCE

QUESTION

REFERENCE SECTION

Principle 1: Ethics, Transparency and Accountability

1. Does the policy relating to ethics, bribery and corruption cover only the Company?

Yes/No. Does it extend to the Group/Joint-Ventures/Suppliers/Contractors/NGOS/

Others?

Refer ‘Building a Responsible Business - Ethics and

Corporate Governance’ section of 'BRR'.

2. How many stakeholders’ complaints have been received in the past financial

year and what percentage was satisfactorily resolved by the management? If so

provide details thereof, in about 50 words or so.

20

BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORT:

letter as well as in spirit.

At Blue Dart, the aspects of human rights are embedded in the Company’s HR Code of Conduct, Whistle Blower Policy, Policy on Prevention,

Prohibition and Redressal of Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace and Risk Management Policy. The Whistleblower Policy of the Company

provides a procedural framework to handle concerns and grievances of employees, customers, vendors and/or third-party intermediaries. The HR

Code of Conduct covers aspects of a safe and healthy work environment and no discrimination. Being an equal opportunity workplace, Blue Dart

ensures that the rights of women employees of the company are not compromised by putting clear guidelines and grievance mechanisms in place.

In this regard, the Company has formulated a policy on ‘Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal of Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace’ with

the objective of protecting against sexual harassment of women and providing a safe working environment for them.

The Company has laid down a Code of Conduct for the Board members and senior management team of the Company. The Company has also

laid down a Code of Conduct for its employees. The Code of Conduct is a comprehensive document that articulates the Company’s expectations

from its people to reflect on the ethics and values of the organisation and consequently earn the goodwill of its customers and enhance its

reputation. The Company has also laid down a ‘Supplier Code of Conduct’ for all its vendors.

At Blue Dart, we value high ethical standards of behaviour and expect honesty, openness and integrity in whatever we do. The Company has

formalized this process and institutionalized the ‘Whistle Blower Policy’ within the organisation. The Whistle Blower Policy ensures that strict

Principle 1

Principle 2

Principle 3

Businesses should conduct and govern

themselves with Ethics, Transparency and

Accountability

Businesses should provide goods and services

that are safe and contribute to sustainability

throughout their life cycle

Businesses should promote the wellbeing of all

employees

Principle 4

Principle 5

Principle 6

Businesses should respect the interests of,

and be responsive towards all stakeholders,

especially those who are disadvantaged,

vulnerable and marginalised

Businesses should respect and promote

human rights

Businesses should respect, protect, and make

efforts to restore the environment

Principle 7

Principle 8

Principle 9

Businesses, when engaged in influencing

public and regulatory policy, should do so in a

responsible manner

Businesses should support inclusive growth

and equitable development

Businesses should engage with and provide

value to their customers and consumers in a

responsible manner

24

BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORT:

Managing Director for review who, within 7 working days communicates his decision to

the Corporate HR & RH for implementation.

In view of the above, Blue Dart does not have an employee association that is recognized by the management.

COVID-19 – PANDEMIC MANAGEMENT AT BLUE DART

The COVID-19 pandemic affected the entire globe and had a devastating impact on India, the second most populated country in the world. As the

nation’s trade facilitator Blue Dart played an important role to ensure that an uninterrupted supply of essential products was delivered across the

country. Blue Dart follows a ‘People First’ philosophy and always puts its customers, employees and its stakeholders at the forefront of its business.

To ensure the safety and wellbeing of all its employees, especially its frontline staff and those ‘working from home’, Blue Dart initiated, adopted and

encouraged various precautionary measures to combat the pandemic. COVID-19 safety orientation training was conducted across all offices and

centres, with routine checks to ensure use of masks, maintaining social distancing, temperature checks and availability of sanitisation at all offices.

To break the chain and maintain a congenial work environment, employees were required to submit a fitness certificate once they had returned

from leaves or post any ailment other than COVID. Employees were asked to fill up a Self-Declaration Form (SDF) with details of the well-being

of employees, their families and the neighbourhood. ‘Blue Connect’ (Internal LMS) periodically uploaded information on the COVID-19 safety

assessment. In scenarios where an employee reporting to work had tested positive, an external agency was appointed for complete sanitisation

and fumigation of the location.

Going one step forward, teams across various service centres in the country initiated yoga, respiratory and breathing exercises to build a stronger

immunity system.

28

BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORT:

Managing Director.

571 New True Blue Club

members

Proving to be ‘Best place to work’

571 Blue Dart employees joined the True Blue Club on completion of 5 years of service during the year. The

average tenure of the workforce at Blue Dart is 8.15 years which shows the preference of employees for the

Company as an employer.

Improving workplace

diversity

Workforce DE&I

‘Each one, Refer One’ policy has boosted workforce diversity at Blue Dart for woman employees.

A total of 5% of total employees of the Company are women employees as compared to 4.89% last year which

speaks for 'inclusion & diversity' in its workforce.

31.23 Lakh

10.14 Lakh

26.02 Lakh

0.44 Lakh

"The Company has been demonstrating great Corporate Governance

behaviour and in the past, has been recipient of "Golden Peacock Award"

for Corporate Ethics - 2019":

Managing Director, quarterly result announcements,

group engagements, Investors call and thought leadership are the means that the Company uses to keep

stakeholder engagements strong, which helps build and maintain trust, transparency and clarity in vision.

Risk mitigation &

Business Continuity

Risk measurement & matrix

Blue Dart has a well-defined risk management framework and policy in place which provides an overview of the

principles of risk management, explains an approach adopted by the Company towards risk management and

mitigation. Blue Dart has `Business Continuity & Contingency Plan’ which also includes alternative site for IT.:

Managing Director of

the Company with effect from May 16, 2022, subject to shareholders

approval.

Mr. Balfour Manuel, a Blue Dart veteran of over 39 years, has been

instrumental in the success of Blue Dart from the very beginning of the

Company’s inception. Prior to his appointment as: Managing

Managing Director has been incorporated in the Notice

of forthcoming Annual General Meeting being sent to the shareholders

along with the Annual Report.

The Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on May 5,

2022 recommended appointment of Mr. Prakash Apte as Independent

Director of the Company for a period of 5 years with effect from

July 28, 2022, subject to approval of the shareholders. Accordingly,

the proposal for his appointment is included in the Notice of Annual

General Meeting for approval of the shareholders of the Company.

The necessary Notice under Section 160 of the Act has been received

from Members proposing the candidature of the aforesaid Director of

the Company.

The Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on May

5, 2022 recommended appointment of Ms. Padmini Khare Kaicker

as Independent Director of the Company for a period of 5 years with

effect from July 28, 2022, subject to approval of the Shareholders.

Accordingly, the proposal for her appointment is included in the

Notice of Annual General Meeting for approval of the shareholders

of the Company. The necessary Notice under Section 160 of the Act

has been received from Members proposing the candidature of the

aforesaid Director of the Company.

In accordance with the provisions of the Act and Articles of Association

of the Company, Ms. Tulsi Nowlakha Mirchandaney, Director (DIN

01842520), retires by rotation at the ensuing Annual General Meeting

and being eligible, offers herself for re-appointment. Ms. Tulsi

Nowlakha Mirchandaney, aged 71 years is the: Managing Director

and Accountable Manager of Blue Dart Aviation, India’s only domestic

cargo airline and South Asia’s largest, with a fleet of six Boeing 757

freighters.

The Company has received necessary declaration from each

Independent Director under Section 149(7) of the Act and Regulation

25 of the Listing Regulations, that they meet requisite criteria of

independence as laid down under Section 149(6) of the Act and

Regulation 16 of the Listing Regulations, as amended. There has been

no change in the circumstances affecting their status as Independent

Directors of the Company.

The Independent Directors have also confirmed that they have

registered themselves on Independent Directors Databank maintained

by the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs at Manesar (Haryana), in

accordance with the requirements of law.

The Board of Directors, based on declaration(s) received from the

Independent Directors, have verified the veracity of such disclosures

and confirm that, Independent Directors fulfil the conditions of

‘independence’ specified under the Listing Regulations and the Act and

are independent of the Management of the Company. In the opinion

of the Board, Independent Directors proposed to be re-appointed,

possess attributes of integrity, expertise and experience as required

under applicable laws, rules and regulations.

Key Managerial Personnel (KMP)

Mr. Balfour Manuel, Managing Director, Mr. Aneel Gambhir, Chief

Financial Officer and Mr. Tushar Gunderia, Head (Legal & Compliance)

& Company Secretary are Key Managerial Personnel (“KMPs”) as

prescribed under the applicable laws.

During the year under review, there were no changes in the KMPs of

the Company.

NUMBER OF BOARD MEETINGS

The Board met 5 (five) times during the financial year ended March 31,

2022. The details of the Board Meetings and attendance of Directors

are provided in the Corporate Governance Report being part of the

Annual Report.

As on March 31, 2022, the Audit Committee comprises of three non-

executive directors, Mr. Sharad Upasani, Air Marshal M. McMahon

(Retd.) and Mr. R.S. Subramanian. The

Managing Director

and Ms. Tulsi N. Mirchandaney, Director as members of the committee.

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | DIRECTORS’ REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-2022

DIRECTORS’ REPORT:

Managing Director and Mr. Aneel Gambhir, CFO

are permanent invitees to the Committee. Mr. Tushar Gunderia acts as

Secretary to the committee.

The details of Nomination & Remuneration Committee meetings and

attendance of committee members are provided in the Corporate

Governance Report, which forms a part of the Annual Report.

Nomination & Remuneration Policy

Pursuant to provisions of Section 178 of the Act, the Board has, on

recommendation of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee,

formulated a “Policy on Directors’ Appointment and Remuneration”

including criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes,

independence of a Director and other matters provided under Section

178(3) of the Act. The Nomination and Remuneration Policy has been

incorporated in the Corporate Governance Report, which forms a part

of the Annual Report.

RISK MANAGEMENT

Blue Dart has a well-defined risk management framework and policy

in place. The risk management framework works at various levels

across the enterprise. Risk Management is an integral and important

component of corporate governance and Blue Dart believes that

robust risk management ensures adequate controls and monitoring

mechanisms for a smooth and efficient running of the business. A risk-

aware organization is better equipped to maximize the shareholders’

value.

Blue Dart has formulated a Risk Management Policy which provides an

overview of the principles of risk management, explains the approach

adopted by the Company towards risk management and mitigation,

defines the organizational structure for effective risk management,

develops a “risk” culture which encourages employees to identify risks

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | DIRECTORS’ REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-2022

DIRECTORS’ REPORT:

letter and spirit’

and adherence to an ethical standard for effective management

and distribution of wealth and discharge of social responsibility for

sustainable development of all stakeholders.

Corporate governance reflects the principles embedded in its values,

policies and day-to-day business practices, leading to sustainable,

value-driven growth of the Company. Blue Dart maintains the highest

standards of corporate governance and disclosure practices and is

committed to transparency in all its dealings.

A section on corporate governance along with a certificate from the

Auditors confirming compliance of conditions of corporate governance

as stipulated under the Listing Regulations is annexed and forms part

of the Directors’ Report.

A detailed review of operations, performance and future outlook of the

Company and its business is given under the ‘Management Discussion

and Analysis’ Report which forms an integral part of this Report and is

set out as a separate section to this Report.

BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORT (BRR)

As stipulated in the Listing Regulations, the Business Responsibility

Report, describing initiatives undertaken by the Company from

environmental, social and governance perspective, is attached and

forms part of this Report.

The Company endeavours to achieve the highest levels of transparency,

accountability, integrity and responsibility, thereby continuing to focus

on good governance practices, in line with local and global standards.

As an effective reflection of the same and adhering to the SEBI Circular

dated 25th March, 2021, the Company has taken voluntary initiative to

make material ESG related disclosures which forms part of this Report.

CEO/CFO CERTIFICATION

In accordance with Regulation 17 of the Listing Regulations pertaining

to corporate governance norms, Mr. Balfour Manuel, Managing

Director and Mr. Aneel Gambhir, Chief Financial Officer, certified,

inter-alia, on review of financial statements and establishing and

maintaining internal controls for the financial reporting for the financial

year ended March 31, 2022. The said certificate forms an integral part

of the Annual Report.

DEPOSITS

During the year, Blue Dart has not accepted any deposits within the

meaning of the provisions of Section 73 and/or 76 of the Act and rules

made thereunder.

HUMAN RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT

The Company values its people and recognises them as an asset.

The Company’s Human Resources (“HR”) function has always been

aligned with the business objectives and requirements for an effective

partnership. Attracting, enabling, developing and retaining talent

have been the cornerstones of the Human Resource function and

the results underscore the important role that human capital plays in

critical strategic activities such as growth.

Prudent HR policies have aided in the development and upskill of

employees by enhancing their talent and abilities. The Company

invests considerably in learning and development programmes to

foster employee engagement at all levels.

Despite challenges in 2021, Blue Dart continued `business as usual’

and gradually began taking the necessary steps forward to move past

the pandemic. With regular communication and sustained efforts, it is

ensuring that employees are aligned on common objectives and have

the right information on business evolution.

Blue Dart is recognized continuously for 12 years as one of India’s

‘Best Places to Work For’ and also one of India’s `Best Workplaces

for Women’ and as one of India’s ‘Best Organisations for Women’

by the Economic Times in 2021 and 2022. Few of the highlights of

key areas on which HR laid emphasis and achieved results were viz.

employee morale & motivation, performance management, employee

development, safety & support, executive development review,

competency development, employee wellness and well-being, work-

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | DIRECTORS’ REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-2022

DIRECTORS’ REPORT:

Managing Director and

Senior Management Team. This approach focused on the employee

engagement activities and regular interactions which resulted in Blue

Dart’s employee engagement favorable score at 98%.

‘Pride in Working for Blue Dart’ has a high score of 98%. Employee

engagement has also emerged as one of the highest scoring items

with a score of 98% in addition to active leadership with a score of

96%. Employee activities like festival celebrations, health-related

talks, virtual activities among others helped in increasing employee

bonding and engagement The EOS scores are an affirmation of our

‘People First’ philosophy.

EMPLOYEES

Blue Dart has always been acknowledged for its people and customer

centric approach. Blue Dart’s People-First philosophy coupled with

passion and commitment of its employees enabled the company

to overcome many challenges in the past. It guides us to `Drive a

meritocratic and development-oriented people management culture’

within the organization. The Company firmly believe in appreciating

individual efforts and contributions while also recognizing team

members by rewarding them for their exceptional performances. This

helps us encourage growth and development. Blue Dart believes

that, employees are its core strength and accordingly, development

of people and providing the `best-in-class’ work environment remains

key priorities of organization to drive business objectives and goals.

Comprehensive HR policies are in place which enables building of

a strong performance culture and simultaneously developing current

and future leaders.

Blue Darters’ efforts have been key in helping Blue Dart achieve all

that we have achieved, and in return, we leave no stone unturned in

taking care of and prioritizing their interests. Apart from introducing

several initiatives prioritizing their health and safety and providing

merit-based increments throughout the year, Blue Dart also provided

its employees COVID-19 appreciation bonuses in 2020 and 2021 for

their fantastic effort during the pandemic. This is in addition to regular

recognition of employees through Brave Blue Darter (“BDD”), Super

Blue Darter (“SBD”) awards and most coveted Employee of the Year

(“EOY”), for which each of the employees aspire for.

The information on the particulars of employees’ remuneration as per

Section 197(12) of Act, read with Rule 5(2) and 5 (3) of the Companies

(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules,

2014 as amended from time to time, forms part of this Report.

However, as per the provisions of Section 136 (1) of the Act, the

report and financial statements are being sent to all shareholders of

the Company, excluding the Statement of Particulars of Employees. In

accordance with the provisions of Section 136 of the Act, this exhibit is

available for inspection by the shareholders through electronic mode.

Any Member interested in obtaining a copy of the said statement may

send an e-mail to Investors@bluedart.com.

The ratio of the remuneration of each director to the median employee’s

remuneration and other details in terms of sub-section (12) of section

197 of the Act read with Rule 5 (1) of the Companies (Appointment and

Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, form part of this

Report as ‘Annexure E’ to the Board’s Report.

Certain eligible employees of the Company are covered under

Performance Share Plan, Share Matching Scheme & Employee Share

Plan established and governed by the Ultimate Holding Company viz;

Deutsche Post – DHL (DPDHL).

PARTICULARS REGARDING CONSERVATION OF ENERGY,

TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE

EARNINGS AND EXPENDITURE

The particulars regarding conservation of energy, technology

absorption and foreign exchange earnings and expenditure stipulated

under section 134(3)(m) of the Act read with the Companies (Accounts)

Rule 2014 are annexed as ‘Annexure F’ to the Board’s Report.

GENERAL

Your Directors state that no disclosure or reporting is required in

respect of following items since there were no transactions in respect

thereof, during the year under review:

1. Issue of equity shares with differential rights as to dividend, voting

or otherwise.

2. Issue of shares (including sweat equity shares) to employees of

the Company under any scheme.

3. Neither: Managing

Managing Director

DIN: 01739334

DIN: 08416666

Mumbai

May 05, 2022

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | DIRECTORS’ REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-2022

DIRECTORS’ REPORT:

Managing Director

DIN: 01739334

DIN:08416666

Aneel Gambhir

Tushar Gunderia

Chief Financial Officer

Head (Legal & Compliance) &

Company Secretary

Mumbai

May 05, 2022

` In Lakhs

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | ANNEXURES TO DIRECTORS’ REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-2022:

Managing Director

4

4

3.

Ms. Tulsi N. Mirchandaney

Member, Non-Independent &

Non-Executive Director

4

4

3. Provide the web-link where Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by the board are disclosed on

the website of the company:

Composition of the CSR committee: https://www.primeinfobase.in/z_BlueDart/files/Corporate_Social_Responsibility_Committee.pdf

CSR Policy: https://www.primeinfobase.in/z_BlueDart/files/Bluedart_CSR_Policy.pdf

CSR Projects: https://www.primeinfobase.in/z_BlueDart/files/CSR_Annual_Action_Plan.pdf

4. Provide the details of Impact assessment of CSR projects carried out in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 8 of the Companies

(Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, if applicable (attach the report):

NA

5. Details of the amount available for set off in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 7 of the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility

Policy) Rules, 2014 and amount required for set off for the financial year, if any:

NA

6. Average net profit of the company as per section 135(5) of the Act:

` 7,073 Lakhs

7. (a) Two percent of average net profit of the company as per section 135(5):

` 142 Lakhs

(b) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years:

NIL

(c) Amount required to be set off for the financial year, if any:

NA

(d) Total CSR obligation for the financial year (7a+7b- 7c).

` 142 Lakhs

(e) Actual amount spent towards CSR:

` 142 Lakhs

8. (a) CSR amount spent or unspent for the financial year:

Total Amount Spent

for the Financial

Year. (in `)

Amount Unspent (in `)

Total Amount transferred to Unspent CSR

Account as per section 135(6).

Amount transferred to any fund specified under

Schedule VII as per second proviso to section 135(5)

Amount

Date of transfer

Name of the Fund

Amount

Date of transfer

1,42,00,019

Nil

-

-

Nil

-

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | ANNEXURES TO DIRECTORS’ REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-2022:

Managing Director

DIN: 01739334

DIN:08416666

Mumbai

May 05, 2022

ANNEXURES TO DIRECTORS’ REPORT

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | ANNEXURES TO DIRECTORS’ REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-2022:

letter.

1. Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these

secretarial records based on our audit.

2. We have followed the audit practices and processes which were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about correctness of the contents

of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis (by verifying records made available to us) and also in the form of digital

database to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices we followed, provide a

reasonable basis for our opinion.

3. We have not verified correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the company.

4. Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and happening of

events etc.

5. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of management.

Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6. The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which the

management has conducted the affairs of the company.

7. Due to COVID-19 outbreak and Lockdown situation/ partial functioning of office, in respect of carrying out of Audit, we have relied on the

information, details, data, documents and explanation as provided by the Company and its officers and agents in electronic form without

physically verifying their office.

Date

: May 05, 2022

Name : Nilesh Shah

Place

: Mumbai

For : Nilesh Shah & Associates

Peer Review No: 698/2020

FCS : 4554

UDIN: F004554D000276628

C.P. : 2631

ANNEXURES TO DIRECTORS’ REPORT

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | ANNEXURES TO DIRECTORS’ REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-2022:

Managing Director

143.0

54.3*

Mr. Sharad Upasani

Chairman

12.5

NA

Mr. Florian Bumberger

Director

0.0

NA

Mr. Sebastian Paeßens

Director

0.0

NA

Ms. Tulsi N. Mirchandaney

Director

0.0

NA

Mr. Narendra Sarda1

Director

11.1

NA

Air Marshal M. McMahon (Retd.)

Director

8.9

NA

Ms. Kavita Nair

Director

9.1

NA

Mr. R.S. Subramanian

Director

0.0

NA

Mr. Aneel Gambhir

Chief Financial Officer

83.5

19.4%*

Mr. Tushar Gunderia

Head (Legal & Compliance) &

Company Secretary

48.7

17.9%*

* Includes performance linked / long term Incentive of prior period

1. During the year, Mr. Narendra Sarda retired as an Independent Director w.e.f. March 27, 2022 due to completion of his second term of office

as an Independent Director.

Notes:

1. The number of permanent employees as on March 31, 2022 was 12,288.

2. Compared to the previous financial year 2020-21, the figures for the current financial year 2021-22 reflects that:

(i) Gross Turnover has grown by 34% and PBT has increased by 284%

(ii) Median remuneration of all employees have increased by 4.23% and average remuneration of all employees have increased by 6.65%

respectively.

(iii) Average remuneration of employees excluding Key Managerial Personnel has increased by 6.58%.

(iv) Remuneration of Key Managerial Personnel has increased by 11.36%.

3. No employee's remuneration for the year 2021-22 exceeded the remuneration of any of whole-time directors.

4. The remuneration of the directors, key managerial personnel and other employees is in accordance with the remuneration policy of the

Company provided under the section 'Report on Corporate Governance' which forms part of the Report and Accounts.

5. The Market capitalization of the Company has increased from ` 13,228 crores as of March 31, 2021 to ` 16,237 crores as of March 31, 2022.

The Company’s stock price as at March 31, 2022 has increased by 9,024% to ` 6,843 over the last public offering, i.e. initial public offer in

September 1994 at the price of ` 150 per share after adjusting the bonus share issued in the ratio of 1:1 in the year 2002.

ANNEXURES TO DIRECTORS’ REPORT

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | ANNEXURES TO DIRECTORS’ REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-2022:

letter and spirit’.

The Company is in compliance with the requirements of

Regulations 17 to 27 of Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 as amended from time to time, (“Listing Regulations”)

as applicable, pertaining to provisions of corporate governance

norms. The Company has disseminated information on its

website as stipulated under clauses (b) to (i) of the Regulation

46(2) of the Listing Regulations. The Company is in compliance

with the disclosures required to be made under this report in

accordance with regulation 34(3) read together with Schedule V

of the Listing Regulations.

2.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The Board of Directors provide direction and exercise appropriate

control to ensure that the Company is managed in a manner that

fulfils stakeholders’ aspirations and societal expectations. The

Company Board is a balanced Board, comprising of Executive

and Non-Executive Directors. The Non-Executive Directors

include Independent Directors.

The size and composition of the Board conforms to the

requirements of corporate governance norms as stipulated under

provisions of the Listing Regulations. As on March 31, 2022, the

Company has 8 (eight) Directors, of which 1 (one) director is

an executive director and 7 (seven) directors are non-executive

directors, including 2 (two) women directors out of which one

is a Woman Independent Director as required under regulation

17(1)(a).

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-2022

REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE:

Managing Director of the Company for a

further period of five years with effect from May 16, 2022 to May

15, 2027, subject to approval by the members of the Company.

Mr. Balfour Manuel, aged 61 years, is a Blue Dart veteran of

over 39 years, has been instrumental in the success of Blue Dart

from the very beginning of the Company’s inception. Prior to

his appointment as: Managing

Managing Director,

Mr. Aneel Gambhir, CFO, the statutory auditors and internal

auditor are permanent invitees to the Audit Committee

meetings.

The Chairman of the Audit Committee, Mr. Sharad Upasani,

was present at the last Annual General Meeting of the Company

held on July 30, 2021 through Video Conferencing (“VC”)/ Other

Audio-Visual Means (“OAVM”).

The scope, terms of reference, role and responsibilities of

the Audit Committee are in accordance with the provisions of

Regulation 18 of the Listing Regulations and Section 177 of the

Act.

The below table summarizes the list of core skills/ expertise/ competencies identified by the Board of Directors for effectively conducting the

business of the Company:

Sr.

No.

Names of Directors

Designation

Core skills /expertise/ competencies available with the Board

1

Mr. Sharad Upasani

Chairman

Board Governance, Corporate Law, Legal, Arbitration,

2

Mr. Balfour Manuel: Managing

Managing Director, if in

any financial year, the Company does not earn any profit or

earns inadequate profit as contemplated under the provisions

of Schedule V of the Act, unless otherwise approved by such

statutory authority, if any as may be required by the applicable

law, remuneration shall be paid as per the conditions and

monetary ceiling prescribed in Schedule V to the Act or any

re-enactment thereof. Severance term which has been agreed

between the Company and: Managing

Managing Director

The Nomination & Remuneration Committee is required to

recommend remuneration of the: Managing

Managing Director, Chief

Financial Officer and Company Secretary to the Board for

its approval.

(b) Increment for each year will be determined by the Committee

based on performance evaluation report. Such increment

will be subject to approval of the Board.

(c) The Key Managerial Personnel would be entitled to DP-DHL

Long term incentive Schemes viz; Share Purchase and

Share matching schemes in accordance with applicable

guidelines.

Remuneration of Employees:

(a) The Nomination & Remuneration Committee is required

to determine remuneration of employees of the Company,

other than the whole time Key Managerial Personnel

(b) Increment for each year will be determined by the Committee

based on the performance evaluation.

(c) The employees would be entitled to stock options, if

applicable.

6.

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY ("CSR") COMMITTEE

The Company constituted the CSR Committee on February

5, 2014 and has reconstituted the same from time to time.

Mr. Sharad Upasani is Chairman of the Committee and

Mr. Balfour Manuel,: Managing

Managing Director, non-executive

directors, non-independent directors and management team. The

meetings were attended by all independent directors and it was

convened to enable independent directors to discuss matters

including matters pertaining to Company affairs, performance

of non-independent directors and Board as whole, board

committees, chairperson, also assessed the quality, quantity

and timeliness of the flow of information between the Company

management and the Board, which is necessary for the Board to

effectively and reasonably perform their duties pursuant to the

requirements of the Act and the Listing Regulations and put forth

their views to the Board.

The details of attendance of each Member at the Independent

Directors’ Meetings held during the year ended March 31, 2022

are as under:

Names of Directors

Designation

No. of Meetings

Held

Attended

Mr. Sharad Upasani

Member

3

3

Mr. Narendra Sarda*

Member

3

3

Air Marshal M.

McMahon (Retd.)

Member

3

3

Ms. Kavita Nair

Member

3

3

*Mr. Narendra Sarda ceased to be a Director w.e.f. March 27,

2022.

12. FAMILIARISATION PROGRAMME FOR INDEPENDENT

DIRECTORS

Pursuant to the requirements of Regulation 25 of the Listing

Regulations, the Company has a familiarisation program

for independent directors with regard to their role, rights,

responsibilities in the Company, nature of the industry in which

the Company operates, business model of the Company etc.

The Board members are provided with all necessary documents/

reports and internal policies to familiarise independent directors

with the Company’s procedures and practices. Periodic

presentations are made to the Board and Board constituted

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-2022

REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE:

Managing Director (DIN: 08416666) for the

period from May 16, 2019 to March 31, 2020.

•

Approval for revision in remuneration of Mr. Balfour

Manuel,: Managing

Managing Director confirming compliance

with the ‘Blue Dart Code of Conduct’ has been attached to this

Report.

Pursuant to the requirements of Securities and Exchange

Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations,

2015, as amended, the Company has adopted the ‘Blue Dart

Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading’ in the Equity

Shares of the Company. Mr. Tushar Gunderia, Head (Legal

& Compliance) & Company Secretary, acts as ‘Compliance

Officer’ for administration of the Code in consultation with the

Company’s Stakeholders Relationship Committee. This ‘Code of

Conduct’ is applicable to all Directors, designated employees of

the Company and third parties such as auditors, consultants etc.

who are expected to have access to unpublished price-sensitive

information relating to the Company.

The Company also has PAN based online tracking mechanism

in order to monitor the trades in the Company’s securities by any

of the “designated employees” and their relatives to ensure real

time detection and appropriate action, in case of any violation /

non-compliance of the Company’s Insider Trading Code.

21. AUDITOR’S CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

As required by the provisions of Schedule V of the Listing

Regulations, the Auditor’s Certificate on corporate governance

is given as an Annexure to the Directors’ Report.

22. CERTIFICATE BY THE COMPANY SECRETARY IN PRACTICE

Mr. Nilesh Shah of M/s. Nilesh Shah & Associates, Practicing

Company Secretary, has issued a certificate as required under

the Listing Regulations, confirming that none of the Directors

on the Board of the Company were debarred or disqualified

from being appointed or continuing as Directors of companies

by the SEBI /Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such statutory

authority.

23. CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER (“CEO”) AND CHIEF

FINANCIAL OFFICER (“CFO”) CERTIFICATION

As required by Regulation 17(8) of the Listing Regulations,

the CEO and CFO certification on Financial Statements, Cash

Flow Statement and Internal Control Systems for the financial

reporting for the year ended March 31, 2022 has been obtained

from Mr. Balfour Manuel,: Managing

Managing Director,

Blue Dart Express Limited:

Managing Director and Aneel Gambhir, Chief Financial Officer of Blue Dart Express Limited, to the best of our knowledge

and belief certify that:

A.

We have reviewed financial statements and the cash flow statement of Blue Dart Express Limited for the year ended March 31, 2022 and that

to the best of our knowledge and belief, we state that:

(i)

these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements that might be misleading;

(ii) these statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with existing accounting

standards, applicable laws and regulations.

B.

We also state that to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the year, which are

fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company’s code of conduct.

C.

We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that they have evaluated the effectiveness

of internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting and they have disclosed to the Auditors and the Audit Committee,

deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls, if any, of which they are aware and the steps they have taken or propose to

take to rectify these deficiencies.

D.

We have indicated, based on our most recent evaluation, wherever applicable, to the Auditors and the Audit Committee:

i.

significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year;

ii.

significant changes, if any, in the accounting policies during the year and that the same have been disclosed in the notes to the

financial statements and

iii. instances of significant fraud of which they have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of the management or an employee

having significant role in the Company’s internal control system over financial reporting.

Balfour Manuel: Managing

Managing Director

DIN:08416666

Aneel Gambhir

Chief Financial Officer

Tushar Gunderia

Head (Legal & Compliance) &

Company Secretary

Membership Number 104315

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2022

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2022:

Managing Director

DIN:08416666

Aneel Gambhir

Chief Financial Officer

Tushar Gunderia

Head (Legal & Compliance) &

Company Secretary

Membership Number 104315

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2022

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2022

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | FINANCIALS | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-2022

Note

Year ended

March 31, 2022

in ` Lakhs

Year ended

March 31, 2021

in ` Lakhs

INCOME

Revenue from Operations

25

4,40,902

3,27,970

Other Income

26

2,847

1,266

Total Income

4,43,749

3,29,236

EXPENSES

Freight, Handling and Servicing Costs

27

2,80,568

2,09,115

Employee Benefits Expenses

28

58,976

56,683

Finance Costs

29

2,410

3,172

Depreciation and Amortisation Expense

30

16,866

20,067

Other Expenses

31

30,981

24,509

Total Expenses

3,89,801

3,13,546

PROFIT BEFORE EXCEPTIONAL ITEMS AND TAX

53,948

15,690

Exceptional Items

31(a)

3,595

2,585

PROFIT BEFORE TAX

50,353

13,105

Income Tax Expense

36

Current Tax

12,769

3,598

Deferred Tax (Credit)

(60)

(124)

Total Tax Expense

12,709

3,474

PROFIT FOR THE YEAR

37,644

9,631

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

Items that will not be reclassified to Statement of Profit and Loss in subsequent

years

Actuarial loss arising from remeasurements of post employment benefit obligation

809

84

Income tax relating to this item

(203)

(21)

Total comprehensive income for the year (Net of tax)

37,038

9,568

Earnings Per Equity Share (Nominal value of share ` 10 each)

Basic and Diluted (in `)

32

158.65

40.59:

Managing Director

DIN:08416666

Aneel Gambhir

Chief Financial Officer

Tushar Gunderia

Head (Legal & Compliance) &

Company Secretary

Membership Number 104315

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2022

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2022:

Managing Director

DIN:08416666

Aneel Gambhir

Chief Financial Officer

Tushar Gunderia

Head (Legal & Compliance) &

Company Secretary

Membership Number 104315

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2022

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2022

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | FINANCIALS | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-2022:

Managing Director

Sharad Upasani

Chairman

Air Marshal M. McMahon (Retd.)

Director

Narendra Sarda

Director (up to March 27, 2022)

Kavita Nair

Director:

Letter of Comfort in

favour of various Banks / Financial Institutions to facilitate its borrowings. As at March 31, 2022, the Company has issued: letter of comfort

worth ` 11,000 Lakhs (previous year ` 18,500 Lakhs) of which outstanding as on even date is ` 7,514 Lakhs (previous year ` 11,610

Lakhs).

41 During the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company has extended unsecured loan of ` 25,000 lakhs to Blue Dart Aviation Limited, its

wholly owned subsidiary. The loan is repayable as per defined payment schedule. The loan carries an interest computed equivalent to 5 year

Government Security Bond Rate plus 50 basis point.

42 DIVIDENDS

The final dividend proposed for the year is as follows:

As at

March 31, 2022

As at

March 31, 2021

On Equity Shares of ` 10/- each

Amount of dividend proposed (in ` Lakhs)

8,305

3,559

Dividend per equity share

35

15

43 CAPITAL MANAGEMENT

The Company’s objective for Capital management is to maximise shareholder's value and support the strategic objectives of the Company.

The Company determines the capital requirements based on its financial performance, operating and long term investment plans. The funding

requirements for current financial year are largely met through operating cash flows generated.

The Company monitors capital using a ratio of 'Adjusted net debt’ to ‘equity’. For this purpose, adjusted net debt is defined as total borrowings

less cash and cash equivalents (excluding collection on cash on delivery shipments held on behalf of customers). Equity comprises all

components of equity. Debt equity ratio as at March 31, 2022 is nil as the cash and cash equivalents (excluding collection on cash on delivery

shipments held on behalf of customers) are more than the total borrowings and as at March 31, 2021 is 0.15.

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | FINANCIALS | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-2022

Managing Director

DIN:08416666

Aneel Gambhir

Chief Financial Officer

Tushar Gunderia

Head (Legal & Compliance) &

Company Secretary

Membership Number 104315

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2022

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2022

45 (a) Share Based Payments

(a) Certain eligible employees of the Company are covered under Performance Share Plan, Share Matching Scheme and Employee

Share Plan (‘the Schemes’) established and governed by the Ultimate Holding Company. During the year ended March 31, 2022, in

accordance with the schemes, Stock Options were issued to certain eligible employees of the Company. The relevant details of the

Schemes and the Stock Options granted are given hereunder:

Vesting period - 4 years

(b) The details of the activity under the Schemes are as below

Particulars

Year ended March 31,2022

No. of options

Outstanding at the beginning of the year

-

Granted during the year

7,368

Forfeited/expired during the year

-

Exercised during the year

-

Outstanding at the end of the year

7,368

Exercisable at the date as per schemes

-

The exercise price and other key terms are decided by the Ultimate Holding Company. The weighted average remaining contractual

life for the stock options outstanding as at March 31, 2022 is 3.42 years.

(c) Effect of employee share based scheme on the statement of profit and loss and on its financial position.

The Ultimate Holding Company measures the cost of above schemes and recovers this amount from the Company. The Ultimate

Holding Company has charged ` 23 lakhs towards compensation cost pertaining to the share based payment. The cost under these

schemes is included in note 28 “Employee Benefits Expense”.:

Managing Director

Air Marshal M. McMahon (Retd.)

Director

Ravi S. Menon

Director

Sharad P. Upasani

Director

Geoffrey Kehr

Director

KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL

P. Parameshwaran

Chief Financial Officer

N. Palaniappan

Company Secretary & General Manager - Finance

BANKERS

Axis Bank Ltd.

Yes Bank Ltd.

AUDITORS

S.R.Batliboi & Associates LLP

REGISTERED OFFICE

Blue Dart Centre,

Sahar Airport Road,

Andheri (E), Mumbai – 400 099

CIN: U35303MH1994PLC078691

HEAD OFFICE

Blue Dart Aviation Terminal,

Gate No.6, Old International Airport,

Meenambakkam, Chennai – 600 027:

Managing Director

3.

Air Marshal M.McMahon (Retd.)

Director

4.

Mr. Ravi Shivdas Menon

Director

5.

Mr. Sharad Upasani

Director

6.

Mr. Geoffrey Kehr

Director

Your Company obtained requisite prior security clearance approval

from the Ministry of Civil Aviation for the appointment of Mr. Ravi

Shivdas Menon, who has been appointed as an Independent Director

of your Company with effect from May 04, 2021.

Air Marshal Vijay Achyut Patkar (Retd) has resigned from the position

of an Independent Director of your Company with effect from May 09,

2021 owing to personal reasons.

During the year under review, in terms of the requirements under

the Companies Act, 2013, all Independent Directors have provided

declarations under Section 149(7) of the Companies Act, 2013 that

they meet the criteria of independence as laid down under Section

149(6) of the Companies Act, 2013.

In accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, and

Articles of Association of the Company, Mr. Geoffrey Kehr (DIN :

8391983), retires by rotation at the ensuing Annual General Meeting

and being eligible, offers himself for re-appointment

The Key Managerial Personnel (KMPs) in the Company as per Section

2(51) and Section 203 of the Companies Act, 2013 are as follows:

Sr. No. Name of the Directors

Designation

1.

Ms.Tulsi Nowlakha Mirchandaney: Managing Director

2.

Mr. P. Parameshwaran

Chief Financial Officer

3.

Mr. N. Palaniappan

Company Secretary

During the year, there was no change (appointment or cessation) in

the office of any KMP.

Number of Meetings of the Board

During the year, the Board of Directors of your Company met 6 times.

The maximum interval between any two meetings did not exceed 120

days.

Details of Board Meeting are as follows:

Sr. No.

Date of Meeting

1.

04 May 2021

2.

29 July 2021

3.

28 October 2021

4.

02 November 2021

5.

27 January 2022

6.

15 March 2022

Due to the COVID 19, pandemic, your company conducted all the

Board Meetings through Video Conference.

AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee comprises of three Non-Executive Directors viz;

Air Marshal M. McMahon (Retd.) as

Managing Director, is the

permanent invitee to the Nomination and Remuneration Committee

Meetings.

NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION POLICY

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 178 of Companies Act, 2013,

the Board has, on the recommendations of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee, framed a policy on the appointment of

Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company, and fixing

of the remuneration of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and

other employees of the Company. The Nomination and Remuneration

policy of your Company has listed down criteria for determining

qualifications, positive attributes, independence of a Director and other

matters provided under Section 178(3) of Companies Act, 2013.

CSR COMMITTEE

The CSR Committee of the Company comprises of Air Marshal

M. McMahon (Retd.), as Chairman of the Committee Mr. Tushar K

Jani, Ms. Tulsi Nowlakha Mirchandaney and Mr. Sharad Upasani

as members of the Committee. The CSR Committee, along with the

CSR Implementation and Management Committee, is responsible for

formulating and implementing the CSR Policy of the Company.

Mr. N. Palaniappan, Company Secretary & General Manager-Finance

acts as Secretary to the Committee.

CSR INITATIVES / CSR POLICY

Corporate Social Responsibility is an integral part of our strategy. We

are committed to our responsibility towards society, community and

the environment. Our endeavor is to make a positive contribution to

our world by using our knowledge, and domestic as well as global

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

BLUE DART AVIATION LIMITED | DIRECTORS’ REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-2022:

Managing Director,

Mr. P. Parameshwaran, Chief Financial Officer and Mr. N. Palaniappan,

Company Secretary & General Manager – Finance as members to

monitor the risks on a periodic basis.

FIXED DEPOSITS

Your Company has not accepted any fixed deposits under the

provisions of Section 73 of the Companies Act, 2013.

AUDITORS

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 139 of the Companies Act, 2013

(the Act) read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014

(including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof, for the

time being in force), M/s. S. R. Batliboi & Associates LLP, Chartered

Accountants, (Firm Registration no. 101049W/E300004), were

appointed as statutory auditors of the Company for a term of five (5)

years to hold office from the conclusion of Twenty Third Annual General

Meeting of the Company held on July 27, 2017 upto the conclusion of

the Twenty Eighth Annual General Meeting, subject to ratification of

their appointment at every subsequent Annual General Meeting.

The Board of Directors in their meeting held on January 27, 2022

has appointed M/s. Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP (Firm Registration

No. 117366W/W-100018) as Statutory Auditors of the Company for

a period of 5 years commencing from the conclusion of 28th Annual

General Meeting until the conclusion of 33rd Annual General Meeting

of the Company, subject to approval of the members.

Your Company has received necessary certificate from M/s. Deloitte

Haskins & Sells LLP (Firm Registration No. 117366W/W-100018),

Chartered Accountants confirming that they satisfy the criteria provided

under section 141 of the Companies Act, 2013 and are not disqualified

from appointed as new Statutory Auditors of the Company. Further,

they have confirmed that they hold a valid certificate issued by the

Peer Review Board of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India

(ICAI).

The Auditors’ Report for 2021-22, does not contain any qualification,

reservation or adverse remarks.

No fraud has been reported by the auditors to the audit committee or

the Board.

EMPLOYEES

Our employees are our most important assets. We are committed to

hiring and retaining the best talent. For this, we focus on promoting a

collaborative, transparent and participative organization culture, and

rewarding merit and sustained high performance. Our human resource

management focuses on allowing our employees to develop their

skills, grow in their career and navigate their next.

Your Directors take this opportunity to thank each one of our people for

their dedicated service and contributions and going beyond the call of

duty, flying to new destinations at short notice, and working under the

extremely challenging conditions of an exceptional year and a grave

crisis. Your Company’s consistent growth has been made possible by

their hard work, solidarity, co-operation, commitment and support.

Information on the particulars of employees’ remuneration as per

Section 197 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with Rule 5(2) of the

Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel)

Rules, 2014 forms part of this report. However, as per the provisions of

Section 136 (1) of the Companies Act, 2013, the report and accounts

are being sent to all shareholders of the Company, excluding the

Statement of Particulars of Employees which is available for inspection

at the registered office of the Company during working hours. Any

shareholder interested in such particulars may inspect the same.

PARTICULARS REGARDING CONSERVATION OF ENERGY,

TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE

EARNINGS AND EXPENDITURE

The particulars regarding foreign exchange earnings and expenditure

stipulated under section 134(3)(m) are annexed herewith as an

‘Annexure D’ and forms part of this Report. Since your Company does

not own any manufacturing facility, the other particulars relating to

conservation of energy and technology absorption stipulated in the

Companies (Disclosure of Particulars in the Report of the ‘Board of

Directors’ Rules, 1988) are not applicable.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

The Board of Directors wishes to express its sincere appreciation and

thanks to all customers, vendors, banks, financial institutions, solicitors,

advisors, the Government of India, concerned State Governments

and other authorities for their consistent support and co-operation in

contributing to the Organization’s success.

Your Directors appreciate the contribution made by the employees

of the Company and acknowledge their hard work and dedication

to ensure that the Company consistently performs to the highest

standards of excellence.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors,

Tushar K. Jani

Tulsi Nowlakha Mirchandaney

Chairman: Managing

Managing Director

DIN: 0192621

DIN: 01842520

Chennai,

May 04, 2022:

Managing Director

DIN: 0192621

DIN: 01842520

Chennai,

May 04, 2022

BLUE DART AVIATION LIMITED | ANNEXURES TO DIRECTORS’ REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-2022

a.:

letter.

1. Maintenance of Secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. My responsibility is to express an opinion on these

secretarial records based on my audit.

2. I have followed the audit practices and process as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the contents of

the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in Secretarial records. I believe that

the process and practices, I have followed provide a reasonable basis for my opinion.

3. I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4. Wherever required, I have obtained the Management representation about the Compliance of laws, rules and regulations and happening of

events etc.

5. The Compliance of the provisions of corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of management. My

examination was limited to the verification of procedure on test basis.

6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which the

management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Place : Chennai

Signature:

Date : May 04, 2022

For Mohan Kumar & Associates

UDIN: F004347D000306651

A. Mohan Kumar

Practicing Company Secretary

Membership No.: FCS 4347

COP No: 19145

BLUE DART AVIATION LIMITED | ANNEXURES TO DIRECTORS’ REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-2022:

Managing Director

DIN: 01842520

per Sunil Gaggar

Partner

Membership Number 104315

N. Palaniappan

Company Secretary &

General Manager-Finance

P. Parameshwaran

Chief Financial Officer

Place: Chennai

Date: May 04, 2022

Date: May 04, 2022

Place: Mumbai

The above balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

As per our report of even date.:

Managing Director

DIN: 01842520

per Sunil Gaggar

Partner

Membership Number 104315

N. Palaniappan

Company Secretary &

General Manager-Finance

P. Parameshwaran

Chief Financial Officer

Place: Chennai

Date: May 04, 2022

Date: May 04, 2022

Place: Mumbai

BLUE DART AVIATION LIMITED

STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2022

BLUE DART AVIATION LIMITED | FINANCIALS | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-2022

The above Statement of Profit and Loss should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

As per our report of even date

Notes

Year ended

March 31, 2022

in ` Lakhs

Year ended

March 31, 2021

in ` Lakhs

INCOME

Revenue from Operations

24

94,141

76,873

Other Income

25

1,163

831

TOTAL INCOME

95,304

77,704

EXPENSES

Operating Costs

26

41,440

24,496

Employee Benefit Expenses

27

17,171

16,182

Finance Costs

28

7,250

8,042

Depreciation and Amortisation Expenses

29

22,663

22,927

Other Expenses

30

5,597

5,190

TOTAL EXPENSES

94,121

76,837

PROFIT BEFORE EXCEPTIONAL ITEMS AND TAX

1,183

867

Exceptional Item

30A

316

-

PROFIT BEFORE TAX

867

867

Income Tax Expense

32

Current Tax

955

1,328

Adjustment of tax relating to earlier year

8

475

Deferred Tax (credit)

(666)

(1,478)

Total Tax Expenses

297

325

PROFIT FOR THE YEAR

570

542

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME ('OCI')

Items not to be reclassified to Statement of Profit and Loss in subsequent years

- Remeasurement gains/ (losses) on defined benefit plans

(186)

(7)

- Income tax effect

47

2

TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR

431

537

Earnings per equity share (nominal value of share ` 10 each)

31

Basic and diluted (in `)

2.38

2.26:

Managing Director

DIN: 01842520

per Sunil Gaggar

Partner

Membership Number 104315

N. Palaniappan

Company Secretary &

General Manager-Finance

P. Parameshwaran

Chief Financial Officer

Place: Chennai

Date: May 04, 2022

Date: May 04, 2022

Place: Mumbai

Notes

Year ended

March 31, 2022

in ` Lakhs

Year ended

March 31, 2021

in ` Lakhs

Inter Corporate deposits accepted from Blue Dart Express

-

10,902

Inter Corporate deposits repaid to Blue Dart Express

-

(10,902)

Payment of principal portion of Lease liabilities

(8,851)

(8,029)

Payment of interest on lease liabilities

(4,637)

(5,104)

Interest Paid

(2,213)

(2,791)

Net Cash flows (used in) financing activities.

(15,951)

(16,174)

Net increase /(decrease) in Cash and cash equivalents

7

(7)

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year

102

109

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year

109

102

Note: There are no changes in liabilities arising from financing activities, due to

non-cash changes.

Cash and cash equivalents comprise of :

Balances with banks

In current accounts

107

100

Cash on hand

2

2

109

102

Notes:

The above Statement of Cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

As per our report of even date

BLUE DART AVIATION LIMITED | FINANCIALS | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-2022:

Managing Director

DIN: 01842520

per Sunil Gaggar

Partner

Membership Number 104315

N. Palaniappan

Company Secretary &

General Manager-Finance

P. Parameshwaran

Chief Financial Officer

Place: Chennai

Date: May 04, 2022

Date: May 04, 2022

Place: Mumbai

BLUE DART AVIATION LIMITED | FINANCIALS | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-2022:

Letter of Comfort to the banks in respect of credit facilities provided

by the banks to the Company.

BLUE DART AVIATION LIMITED | FINANCIALS | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-2022

As at

March 31, 2022

in ` Lakhs

As at

March 31, 2021

in ` Lakhs

17 A

CURRENT FINANCIAL LIABILITIES - LEASES

Lease Liability (Refer Note 35 (ii))

9,708

7,920

Total

9,708

7,920

17 B

NON CURRENT FINANCIAL LIABILITIES - LEASES

Lease Liability (Refer Note 35 (ii))

52,039

55,920

Total

52,039

55,920:

Managing Director

Mr. Tushar K. Jani

Non-Executive Chairman

Air Marshal M. McMahon (Retd.)

Independent Director

Mr. Ravi Shivdas Menon

Independent Director w.e.f. 04th May 2021

Mr. Air Marshal Vijay Achyut Patkar (Retd.)

Ceased to be Director w.e.f. 09th May 2021

Mr. Sharad Upasani

Director

Mr. Geoffrey Kehr

Director

iii) Entities under common control where transaction have taken place

Concorde Air Logistics Limited

DHL Express India Private Limited

European Air Transport, Leipzig Gmbh

DHL Aviation (Netherlands) B.V.

DHL Logistics Private Limited

DHL Aviation EEMEA B.S.C ©, Kingdom of Bahrain

DHL Worldwide Network NV/SA

Deutsche Post IT Services Gmbh

Net balance

March 31,

2020

Recognised

in Profit and

Loss

Recognised

in OCI

Net deferred

Aax Asset

Deferred tax

asset

March 31, 2021

Deferred Tax Assets

Depreciation

2,090

357

-

2,447

2,447

Provision for Compensated Absences

135

21

-

156

156

Provision for Gratuity

69

(29)

2

42

42

Others

1,446

1,129

-

2,575

2,575

Tax assets

3,740

1,478

2

5,220

5,220

The Company offsets tax assets and liabilities if and only if it has a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets and current tax

liabilities and the deferred tax assets & deferred tax liabilities.

Significant management judgment is required in determining provision for income tax, deferred income tax assets and liabilities and

recoverability of deferred income tax assets.

The recoverability of deferred income tax assets is based on estimates of taxable income and the period over which deferred income tax

assets will be recovered. Any changes in future taxable income would impact the recoverability of deferred tax assets.

(in ` Lakhs):

letter to confirm financial and operational support to the Company to meet

its liabilities that may arise in the foreseeable future.:

letter to confirm financial and operational support to the Company

to meet its liabilities that may arise in the foreseeable future

Sensitivity analysis

A 5% strengthening / weakening of the respective foreign currencies with respect to functional currency of Company would result in

increase or decrease in profit or loss and equity as shown in table below. This analysis assumes that all other variables, in particular

interest rates, remain constant and ignores any impact of forecast sales and purchases. The following analysis has been worked out

based on the exposures as of the date of statements of financial position.:

Managing Director

DIN: 01842520

per Sunil Gaggar

Partner

Membership Number 104315

N. Palaniappan

Company Secretary &

General Manager-Finance

P. Parameshwaran

Chief Financial Officer

Place: Chennai

Date: May 04, 2022

Date: May 04, 2022

Place: Mumbai

39 SEGMENT INFORMATION

Based on the "management approach" as defined in Ind AS 108, the Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) comprises of: Managing

Managing Director, Whole-time Directors and/or Manager

Sr. No.

Particulars of Remuneration

Name of MD/WTD/ Manager

NA

1.

Gross salary

a) Salary as per provisions contained in section 17(1) of the Income-tax

Act, 1961

b) Value of perquisites u/s 17(2) Income-tax Act, 1961

c) Profits in lieu of salary under section 17(3) Income-tax Act, 1961

-

2.

Stock Option

-

3.

Sweat Equity

-

4.

Commission

- as % of profit

- others, specify

-

5.

Others, please specify

-

Total (A)

-

Ceiling as per the Act

-

B. Remuneration to other Directors: Nil

Sr.

No.

Particulars of Remuneration

Name of Directors

Total Amount

(1)

Independent Directors

- Fee for attending board /

committee meetings

-

-

-

-

- Commission

-

-

-

-

- Others,please specify

-

-

-

-

Total (1)

-

-

-

-

ANNEXURES TO DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONCORDE AIR LOGISTICS LIMITED | DIRECTORS’ REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-2022:

Managing Director

DIN:08416666

Aneel Gambhir

Chief Financial Officer

Tushar Gunderia

Head (Legal & Compliance) &

Company Secretary

Membership Number 104315

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2022

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2022

The above Consolidated Balance Sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

As per our report of even date:

Managing Director

DIN:08416666

Aneel Gambhir

Chief Financial Officer

Tushar Gunderia

Head (Legal & Compliance) &

Company Secretary

Membership Number 104315

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2022

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2022

As per our report of even date

Note

Year ended

March 31, 2022

in ` Lakhs

Year ended

March 31, 2021

in ` Lakhs

INCOME

Revenue from Operations

27

4,41,049

3,28,813

Other Income

28

3,079

2,030

Total Income

4,44,128

3,30,843

EXPENSES

Freight, Handling and Servicing Costs

29

2,28,138

1,57,766

Employee Benefits Expenses

30

76,543

72,903

Finance Costs

31

8,697

11,095

Depreciation and Amortisation Expense

32

39,537

43,000

Other Expenses

33

36,389

29,515

Total Expenses

3,89,304

3,14,279

PROFIT BEFORE EXCEPTIONAL ITEMS AND TAX

54,824

16,564

Exceptional Items

33 (a)

3,595

2,585

PROFIT BEFORE TAX

51,229

13,979

Income Tax Expense

37

Current Tax

13,727

4,929

Adjustment of tax relating to earlier years

8

473

Deferred Tax (Credit)

(727)

(1,604)

Total Tax Expense

13,008

3,798

PROFIT FOR THE YEAR

38,221

10,181

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

Items that will not be reclassified to Statement of Profit and Loss in subsequent years

Actuarial loss arising from remeasurements of post employment benefit obligation

1,001

91

Income tax relating to this item

(251)

(23)

Total comprehensive income for the year (Net of tax)

37,471

10,113

Earnings Per Equity Share (Nominal value of share ` 10 each)

Basic and Diluted (in `)

34

161.08

42.91:

Managing Director

DIN:08416666

Aneel Gambhir

Chief Financial Officer

Tushar Gunderia

Head (Legal & Compliance) &

Company Secretary

Membership Number 104315

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2022

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2022:

Managing Director

DIN:08416666

Aneel Gambhir

Chief Financial Officer

Tushar Gunderia

Head (Legal & Compliance) &

Company Secretary

Membership Number 104315

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2022

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2022

The above Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

As per our report of even date

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED (CONSOLIDATED) | FINANCIALS | ANNUAL REPORT 2021-2022:

Managing Director

Sharad Upasani

Chairman

Air Marshal M. McMahon (Retd.)

Director

Tulsi Nowlakha Mirchandaney: Managing

Managing Director

DIN:08416666

Aneel Gambhir

Chief Financial Officer

Tushar Gunderia

Head (Legal & Compliance) &

Company Secretary

Membership Number 104315

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2022

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2022

47 SEGMENT INFORMATION

The Group has only one operating segment, which is integrated air and ground transportation and distribution. All assets of the Group are

domiciled in India and the Group earns its entire revenue from its operations in India. There is no single customer which contributes more than

10% of the Group's total revenues.

46 Details of balances with Struck off Companies

Name of Company

Nature of transactions

Balance outstanding as at March 31, 2022

R.S.Foils Private Limited

Receivables

7

Serdia Pharmaceuticals (India) Limited

Receivables

4

Silly Punter Designs Private Limited

Receivables

3

Green Handle Products Private Limited

Receivables

2

Bhaskar Industries Private Limited

Receivables

1

Total

17

Name of Company

Nature of transactions

Balance outstanding as at March 31, 2022

Namrata Seva Security Services Private Limited

Payables

15

Vindsor Logistics (India) Private Limited

Payables

3

Total

18

Name of Company

Nature of transactions

Balance outstanding as at March 31, 2021

Knorr Bremse India Private Limited

Receivables

7

Serdia Pharmaceuticals (India) Limited

Receivables

5

Sumitron Exports Private Limited

Receivables

4

Bhaskar Industries Private Limited

Receivables

3

Green Handle Products Private Limited

Receivables

2

Ntb Hitech Ceramics Private Limited

Receivables

1

Total

22

Name of Company

Nature of transactions

Balance outstanding as at March 31, 2021

Namrata Seva Security Services Private Limited

Payables

12

Vindsor Logistics (India) Private Limited

Payables

4

Apex Facility Management Private Limited

Payables

3

Pfs Logistics Private Limited

Payables

2

Starone Securities Private Limited

Payables

2

Kdr Services Private Limited

Payables

1

Pushpak Freight Solutions Private Limited

Payables

1

Total

25

in ` Lakhs:

Managing Director

(DIN: 08416666), for the calendar year ended December 31, 2021;

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in terms of recommendation of

`Nomination & Remuneration Committee’ and, as approved by

the Board of Directors in its Meeting held on October 29, 2021,

Mr. Balfour Manuel,: Managing

Managing Director (DIN:

08416666) for the period viz; April 1, 2022 to May 15, 2022 as set

out in the Explanatory Statement and Supplementary Agreement

(“the Agreement”) to be entered into between the Company and

Mr. Balfour Manuel,: Managing Director, the draft whereof is placed

before this meeting and initialed by the

letter mentioning the name and address

of the Member, self-attested copy of the PAN card and self-attested

copy of any document (e.g. Driving License, Election Identity Card,

Passport) in support of address of the Member. Members holding

shares in dematerialized mode are requested to register / update

their e-mail addresses with the relevant Depository Participants.

Pursuant to General Circular No. 20/2020 dated May 05, 2020 and

General Circular No. 2/2022 dated May 05, 2022 issued by the

Ministry of Corporate Affairs, the Company has also enabled the

process for the limited purpose of receiving the Company’s Annual

Report and notice of Annual General Meeting (including remote

e-voting instructions) electronically and members may temporarily

update their e-mail address by accessing the link https://linkintime.

co.in/emailreg/email_register.html or on their web site www.

linkintime.co.in under the Investor Services tab by choosing the

e-mail registration heading and follow registration process as

guided therein.

PROCEDURE FOR JOINING THE AGM THROUGH VC / OAVM:-

NSDL / CDSL

10. Members will be provided with a facility to attend the AGM through

VC/OAVM through the NSDL e-Voting system. Members may

access by following the steps mentioned below for an access to

NSDL e-Voting system. After successful login, you can see link

of “VC/OAVM link” placed under “Join General Meeting” menu

against company name. You are requested to click on VC/ OAVM

link placed under Join General Meeting menu. The link for VC/

OAVM will be available in Shareholder/ Member login where the

EVEN of Company will be displayed. Please note that members

who do not have User ID and Password for e-Voting or have

forgotten the User ID and Password may retrieve the same by

following the remote e-Voting instructions mentioned in the notice

to avoid last minute rush.

11. For convenience of Members and proper conduct of AGM,

Members can login and join at least 30 (thirty) minutes prior to

the time scheduled for the AGM and facility to join AGM shall be

kept open throughout the proceedings of AGM. Members will be

allowed to attend the AGM on first come, first served basis.

12. Please note that participants connecting from Mobile devices or

Tablets or through Laptop connecting via Mobile Hotspot may

experience Audio / Video loss due to fluctuations in their respective

network. It is therefore recommended to use stable Wi-Fi or LAN

connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.

13. Members attending the AGM through VC / OAVM shall be counted

for the purpose of reckoning the quorum under Section 103 of the

Act.

PROCEDURE TO RAISE QUESTIONS / SEEK CLARIFICATIONS

WITH RESPECT TO ANNUAL REPORT:

14. As the AGM is being conducted through VC / OAVM, for smooth

conduct of proceedings of the AGM, Members are encouraged to

express their views / send their queries in advance mentioning

their names, demat account no./ folio no., email id, mobile no.

at Investors@bluedart.com. Questions / queries received by the

Company by Monday, July 25, 2022 till 5 p.m. shall be considered

and responded during AGM.

15. Members who would like to express their views or ask questions

during the AGM, may register themselves as a speaker by sending

an e-mail to the Company at Investors@bluedart.com by Monday,

July 25, 2022 till 5 p.m.

16. The Company reserves its right to restrict the number of questions

and number of speakers, as appropriate for smooth conduct of the

AGM.

PROCEDURE FOR REMOTE E-VOTING AND E-VOTING DURING

THE AGM:

17. Pursuant to Section 108 of the Act read with Rule 20 of the

Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, as

amended and Regulation 44 of Listing Regulations and in terms of

SEBI vide circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/ CIR/P/2020/242 dated

December 9, 2020 in relation to e-Voting Facility Provided by Listed

Entities, the Company is pleased to provide the facility to Members

to exercise their rights to vote on the resolutions proposed to

be passed at AGM by electronic means. For this purpose, the

Company has entered into an agreement with National Securities

Depository Limited (NSDL) for facilitating voting through electronic

means, as the authorized agency. The facility of casting votes by a

member using remote e-Voting system as well as e-voting on the

date of the AGM will be provided by NSDL.

18. The Members, whose names appear in the Register of Members

/ list of Beneficial Owners as on Tuesday, July 19, 2022 i.e. the

cut-off date, are entitled to vote on the Resolutions set forth in this

Notice.

19. Members may cast their votes on electronic voting system from

any place (remote e-voting). The remote e-voting period will

commence at 9.00 a.m. on Thursday, July 21, 2022 and will end at

5.00 p.m. on Tuesday, July 26, 2022. The remote e-voting module

shall be disabled by NSDL for voting thereafter. In addition, the

facility for voting through electronic voting system shall also be

made available during the AGM. Members attending the AGM who:

letter along with self-attested copy of

PAN Card and original cancelled cheque. The original cancelled

cheque should bear name of the Member. In the alternative,

Members are requested to submit a copy of the bank passbook/

statement attested by the bank. Members holding shares in

Demat mode are requested to submit the aforesaid information

to their respective Depository Participant.

34. As per Regulation 40 of SEBI Listing Regulations as amended,

securities of listed companies can be transferred only in

dematerialised form with effect from April 1, 2019, except in

case of request received for transmission or transposition of

securities. In view of this and to eliminate all risks associated

with physical shares and ease of portfolio management,

members holding shares in physical form are requested to

consider consider converting their holding to dematerialised

form.

REGISTRAR & SHARE TRANSFER AGENT:

Link Intime India Pvt. Ltd.,

C- 101, First Floor, 247 Park,

LBS Marg, Vikhroli West,

Mumbai - 400083.:

Managing Director of the

Company by an ‘ordinary resolution’ passed by the Members at the

Twenty Eighth Annual General Meeting (‘AGM’) of the Company held

on July 31, 2019 for a period of 3 (three) years with effect from May

16, 2019 to May 15, 2022. The Members at the AGM of the Company

held on July 30, 2021 by Special Resolution, approved remuneration

payable to Mr. Balfour Manuel,: Managing

Managing Director for the period from April 1, 2022 to May 15, 2022

are as under:

TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF REMUNERATION OF MR. BALFOUR

MANUEL AS: MANAGING DIRECTOR:

(for period from April 1, 2022 to May 15, 2022)

Basic - ` 14.26 Lakhs per month

HRA - ` 0.54 Lakhs per month

In addition to above amount, Mr. Balfour Manuel shall be entitled to

following:

(i) The Company’s contribution to Provident Fund, in accordance

with the Rules and Regulations of the Company.

(ii) Superannuation contribution subject to a maximum ceiling

of 15% of basic salary by way of contribution to a fund or an

allowance in lieu thereof or combination of both.

(iii) Gratuity payable at a rate not exceeding half a month’s salary for

each completed year of service.

(iv) Car as per the Company’s Car scheme along with chauffer.

(v) Group Insurance Coverage and reimbursement of telephone

expenses.

(vi) The Managing

Managing Director shall be entitled to an incentive payment

based on achievement of profitability level and other performance

parameters determined by the Board of Directors for the calendar

year ended December 31, 2022, upto a maximum of ` 147 lakhs.

(vii) Increment for each year shall be determined by the NRC and

subject to approval of Board and members at the General Meeting

of members.

(viii) Entitlement to DPDHL LTI schemes viz; Performance Share Plan

(PSP) and Share Matching Scheme (SMS).

In terms of Article 160 of the Articles of Association of the Company,

Mr. Balfour Manuel shall not be subject to retirement by rotation during his

tenure as: Managing Director.

During term of employment of the Managing Director, if in any financial year,

the Company has no profits or its profits are inadequate, the remuneration

as set out herein above will be paid as minimum remuneration.

The number of Meetings of the Board attended during the financial year

2021-2022: 5 out of 5

Mr. Balfour holds 800 Equity Shares in the Company. He has no

relationship with other Directors and ‘Key Managerial Personnel’ of the

Company.

Directorship Membership/

letter of appointment, setting out terms and conditions

of appointment of Mr. Prakash Apte, is available for inspection in the

electronic mode. Members can inspect the same by sending an e-mail to

Investors@bluedart.com.

Given his expertise, knowledge and experience, the Board considers that

the association of Mr. Prakash Apte would be of immense benefit to the

Company and it is desirable to avail the services of Mr. Prakash Apte as an

Independent Director. Accordingly, the Board considers the appointment

of Mr. Prakash Apte as an Independent Director for a five (5) years from

July 28, 2022 to July 27, 2027 in the best interest of the Company and

recommends the resolution as set out in the accompanying Notice for

approval of the Members.

None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or

their relatives, other than Mr. Prakash Apte (proposed appointee) for his

appointment are, in any manner, concerned or interested in the resolution

as set out in item no. 8 in the accompanying Notice of Annual General

Meeting.

Item no. 9

As per provisions of Section 149, 150, 152, Schedule IV of the Act read

with Rules made thereunder and Regulation 16 and 17 of Securities and

Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s)

made thereof for the time being in force) and pursuant to receipt of

written notice under Section 160 of the Companies Act, 2013 from a

member proposing candidature of office of a Director designated as an

Independent Director, the Nomination & Remuneration Committee and the

Board of Directors in their meetings held on May 5, 2022, approved and

recommended to the Members, the appointment of Ms. Padmini Khare

Kaicker (DIN: 00296388) as an Independent Director, not liable to retire

by rotation, for a term of five (5) years commencing from July 28, 2022 to

July 27, 2027.

Ms. Padmini Khare Kaicker has confirmed that she is not aware of any

circumstances or situation which exists or may be reasonably anticipated

that could impair or impact her ability to discharge her duties as an

Independent Director of the Company. Ms. Padmini Khare Kaicker has

also confirmed that she is not debarred from holding the office of a Director

by virtue of any Order passed by SEBI or any such authority. Ms. Padmini

Khare Kaicker has confirmed that she is in compliance with Rules 6(1) and

6(2) of the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules,

2014, with respect to her registration with the data bank of Independent

Directors maintained by the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs (‘IICA’).

The Company has received from Ms. Padmini Khare Kaicker (i) consent

in writing to act as a Director in Form DIR- 2 pursuant to Rule 8 of the

Companies (Appointment & Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014,

(ii) intimation in Form DIR- 8 in terms of the Companies (Appointment

& Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, to the effect that she is not

disqualified under the provisions of sub-section (2) of Section 164 of the

Companies Act, 2013, and (iii) a declaration to the effect that she meets

the criteria of independence as provided in sub-section (6) of Section

149 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 16 of Securities and

Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015.

In the opinion of the Board, Ms. Padmini Khare Kaicker is a person of

integrity and fulfils the conditions specified under the Act read with Rules

thereunder and the SEBI LODR Regulations for her appointment as an

Independent (Non-Executive) Director of the Company and is Independent

of the Management. Ms. Padmini would bring with her immense experience

to the Company in the areas of Strategy, Finance, Risk & Governance.

Brief resume of Ms. Padmini Khare Kaicker pursuant to Regulation 36 of

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations & Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and Secretarial Standard-2 on General

Meeting is provided below:

Ms. Padmini Khare Kaicker, aged 57 years, has been in the accountancy

profession since 1990 after completing her BSc in Mathematics. Apart:

letter of appointment setting out terms and conditions

of appointment of Ms. Padmini Khare Kaicker is available for inspection in

the electronic mode. Members can inspect the same by sending an e-mail

to Investors@bluedart.com.

Given her expertise, knowledge and experience, the Board considers that

the association of Ms. Padmini Khare Kaicker would be of immense benefit

to the Company and it is desirable to avail her services as an Independent

Director. Accordingly, the Board considers the appointment of Ms. Padmini

Khare Kaicker as an Independent Director for a term of five (5) years from

July 28, 2022 to July 27, 2027 in the best interest of the Company and

recommends the resolution as set out in the accompanying Notice for

approval of the Members.

None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their

relatives, other than Ms. Padmini Khare Kaicker (proposed appointee)

for her appointment are, in any manner, concerned or interested in the

resolution as set out in item no. 9 in the accompanying Notice of Annual

General Meeting.

Mumbai,

By Order of the Board

May 05, 2022

sd/-

Tushar Gunderia

Head (Legal & Compliance) &

Company Secretary

Regd. Office:

Blue Dart Centre, Sahar Airport Road,

Andheri (East), Mumbai – 400 099

Tel : 28396444 | Fax : 28244131

CIN: L61074MH1991PLC061074

www.bluedart.com

communications@bluedart.com:

Managing Director

2.

Blue Dart Aviation Limited

Member, CSR

Committee

3.

Confederation of Indian Industry

Co- Chairperson on CII

National Committee of

Civil Aviation

4.

Rajiv Gandhi National Aviation

University

Member of Board

of Affiliation and

Recognition (BAR)

5.

BITS School of Management

(BITSoM)

Governing Council

Member

6.

Confederation of Indian Industry

Co- Chairperson on CII

National Committee on

Logistics

Shareholding in the Company as on March 31, 2022: Nil

Ms. Tulsi Nowlakha Mirchandaney and any of the other Directors,

Manager or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company do not have

any inter-se relationship.:

