Managing Director (holding DIN

02402921), who retires by rotation to comply with the

provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, be and is hereby

re-appointed as a Director of the Company.

Item No.5 - Re-appointment of M/s. Price Waterhouse

Chartered Accountants LLP as Statutory Auditors of the

Company and to fix their remuneration

To consider and if deemed fit, to pass the following as an

Ordinary Resolution:

RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section

139, 142 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the

Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) read with the Companies

(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 and any other Rules

made thereunder (including any statutory modification(s)

or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force), and

pursuant to the recommendations of the Audit Committee

and the Board of Directors, the re-appointment of M/s.

Price Waterhouse Chartered Accountants LLP (PWC) (Firm

Regn. No. 012754N/N500016), as the Statutory Auditors

of the Company for a second term of five consecutive

years to hold office from the conclusion of the 68th AGM

until the conclusion of the 73rd AGM on a remuneration of

`62,50,000/- (excluding out of pocket expenses incurred

by them in connection with the Audit and applicable

taxes) for the FY 2022-23 be and is hereby approved and

the Board may decide the remuneration payable to the

Statutory Auditors for the subsequent years based on the

recommendation of the Audit Committee.

SPECIAL BUSINESS

Item No.6 - Re-appointment of Mr. P S Raghavan (DIN

07812320) as an Independent Director

To consider and if deemed fit, to pass the following as a

Special Resolution:

NOTICE TO MEMBERS

CARBORUNDUM UNIVERSAL LIMITED

CIN: L29224TN1954PLC000318

Registered Office: Parry House, 43 Moore Street, Chennai - 600001, India

Tel: +91-44-30006161; Fax: +91-44-30006149;

E-mail: investorservices@cumi.murugappa.com; Website: www.cumi-murugappa.com:

letter mentioning the Folio No.,

name of the Member, e-mail address and mobile

number;

- Self-attested copy of PAN;

- Self-attested copy of any address proof including

Aadhar, Passport etc.;

- Original share certificate(s).

Demat

Members may contact their DPs and register or

update their respective e-mail addresses in the demat

account, as per the process recommended by the DP.

Alternatively, Members holding shares in physical or in electronic

form who have not registered their e-mail address may temporarily

get their e-mail address and mobile number registered with

RTA by clicking the link: https://ris.kfintech.com/clientservices/

mobilereg/mobileemailreg.aspx for enabling receipt of the

Annual report electronically. Members are requested to follow

the process stated in the link to register their e-mail address

and mobile number. After due verification, RTA will forward the

documents and the login credentials for voting and attending the

AGM to the registered e-mail address.

Members can also send the above-mentioned

documents addressed to M/s. KFin Technologies

Limited at Selenium Building, Tower-B, Plot No. 31 &

32, Financial District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally,

Hyderabad - 500 032.

As an eco-friendly measure intending to benefit the

society at large, we request you to be part of the

e-initiative and register your e-mail address to receive

all communication and documents including Annual

Reports from time to time in electronic form to the

e-mail address provided by you.

In case of any queries, Members may write to

einward.ris@kfintech.com or investorservices@cumi.

murugappa.com by quoting their Folio number or DP

and Client ID.

13. Additional information pursuant to SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 and Secretarial Standards on General Meetings

in respect of the Directors seeking re-appointment at

the AGM is furnished and forms spart of the Notice.

The Directors have furnished the requisite consents/

declarations for their re-appointment.

14. The businesses set out in the Notice would be transacted

through electronic voting. Pursuant to Section 108

of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 of the

Companies (Management and Administration) Rules,

2014, and amendments thereof, the e-voting facility

will be made available to Members to cast their votes

electronically on all resolutions set forth in the Notice

convening the 68th AGM.

15. The Company has engaged the services of M/s. KFin

Technologies Limited to provide remote e-voting

facility and voting facility during the AGM through

Instapoll to enable Members to exercise their votes in

a secured manner. The instructions for remote e-voting

as well as Instapoll is provided in this Notice.

The Board of Directors have appointed Mr. R. Sridharan

of M/s. R. Sridharan and Associates, Practising Company

Secretaries or failing him Ms. Srinidhi Sridharan of

M/s. Srinidhi Sridharan and Associates, Practising

Company Secretaries as the Scrutiniser to scrutinise

the e-voting process in a fair and transparent manner.

The Notice and the instructions for attending the

AGM and exercising the voting are being sent in

electronic form to all the Members whose e-mail

addresses are registered with the Company/their DPs

for communication purposes. For others who have

not registered their e-mail addresses, please refer the

instructions in Note 12 above.

16. All documents referred to in the accompanying Notice

and the statement under Section 102 of the Act, shall

be open for inspection during normal business hours

(9.30 a.m.to 5.30 p.m.) on all working days up to the

date of the AGM. The Register of Directors and Key

Managerial Personnel and their shareholding and

the Register of Contracts or Arrangements in which

the Directors are interested, maintained under the

Companies Act, 2013 will be available for inspection

by the Members electronically during the meeting.

Members seeking to inspect such documents can end

an e-mail to investorservices@cumi.murugappa.com.

17. Members holding shares in physical form are requested

to address all correspondence relating to their

shareholding to the Company’s RTA or to the Company.

Members holding shares in dematerialised form may

send such correspondence to their respective DPs.

18. Instructions for attending the AGM and voting:

18.1 Instructions for remote e-voting before the AGM:

While Members can vote electronically during the AGM,

they can also avail remote e-voting facility provided by

the Company for voting before the AGM. Pursuant to

the provisions of Section 108 of the Companies Act,

2013 and Rule 20 of the Companies (Management and

Administration) Rules, 2014 as amended from time to:

Letter etc., together

with attested specimen signature(s) of the duly

authorised representative(s), to the Scrutiniser

at rsaevoting@gmail.com with a copy marked to

evoting@kfintech.com. The scanned image of the

above mentioned documents should be in the

naming format “CUMI - 68th AGM”.

B. Members holding shares in dematerialised form

whose e-mail addresses are not registered with the

Company/DPs:

i. Please follow the steps provided in Note 12 in this

Notice to obtain the User ID and password.

ii. Please follow all steps from sl. no. (i) to sl. no. (xii)

of 18.1(ii) (A) above to cast your vote by electronic

means.

C. Other Instructions:

i. In case of Individual Members holding securities

in demat mode who becomes a Member of the

Company after despatch of Notice of the Meeting

and holding shares as on the cut-off date i.e.,

25th July 2022 may follow the steps mentioned

under point no. (i) in 18.1.

ii. Any person holding shares in physical form and

non-individual Members who becomes a Member

of the Company after dispatch of Notice of the

Meeting and holding shares as on the cut-off

date i.e., 25th July 2022 may obtain the User ID

and password by sending an e-mail request to

evoting@kfintech.com. If the Member is already

registered with KFin’s e-voting platform, then he/

she can use the existing password for logging in.

If the e-mail address or mobile number of the

Member is registered against Folio No./DP ID Client

ID, then on the home page of https://evoting.

kfintech.com/, the Member may click “Forgot

Password” and enter Folio No. or DP ID Client ID

and PAN to generate a password.:

Managing Director

of the Company and holds the said office for a three-

year term from 23rd November 2019 till 22nd November

2022. As per the terms of his appointment, he is not

liable to retire by rotation. However, as per Article

17.27 of the Articles of Association of the Company,

the: Managing Director is not liable to retire by rotation

except as required under the Companies Act, 2013.

In terms of Section 152 of the Companies Act, 2013,

the Board composition should comprise 2/3rd of its

total strength (excluding Independent Directors) as

Directors who are liable to retire by rotation. Accordingly,

in order to comply with Section 152 (6) of the Act,

Mr. M M Murugappan,

Managing Director would be of immense benefit to the

Company and hence it is desirable to continue to avail his

services as a Director. Accordingly, the Board recommends

his re-appointment as a Director.

Memorandum of Interest

Except Mr. N Ananthaseshan, being the appointee, none

of the other Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the

Company or their relatives is interested or concerned,

financially or otherwise in the aforesaid Ordinary

Resolution.

Item No.5

M/s. Price Waterhouse Chartered Accountants LLP (Firm

Regn. No. 012754N/N500016) Chartered Accountants,

Chennai (‘PWC’), were appointed as the Statutory Auditors

of the Company at the 63rd Annual General meeting held on

31st July 2017 for five consecutive years. Accordingly, their

present term ends at the conclusion of the 68th Annual

General Meeting of the Company.

In terms of Section 139 of the Companies Act, 2013

(“the Act”) and the Companies (Audit and Auditors)

Rules, 2014, made thereunder, the Board of Directors at

their meeting held on 13th May 2022 after considering

the recommendations of the Audit Committee, has

recommended the re-appointment of PWC as the

Statutory Auditors of the Company for a second term of

five consecutive years at a remuneration of `6.25 million

excluding applicable taxes and out of pocket expenses for

approval of the Members.

Besides Audit services, the Company would also be

obtaining from time to time other certifications under

various regulations for its operational purposes which are

required to be provided only by the Statutory Auditors of

the Company. The remuneration paid to the Auditors for

Audit as well as non-Audit services will be approved by the

Board/Audit Committee during their tenure.

The Auditors will hold office for the second term of five

consecutive years from the conclusion of the 68th AGM till

the conclusion of 73rd AGM of the Company.

PWC have consented to the aforesaid appointment and

confirmed that their appointment, made, will be within the

limits specified under Section 141(3)(g) of the Companies

Act, 2013. They have further confirmed that they are not

disqualified to be appointed as the Statutory Auditors in

terms of the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules made

thereunder.

The Audit Committee reviewed the performance of PWC

and their performance was found to be satisfactory. In

light of the above the Audit Committee has recommended

the re-appointment of PWC as the Statutory Auditors for

the second term of five years.

Pursuant to Section 139 of the Companies Act, 2013,

approval of the Members is required for re-appointment

of the Statutory Auditors and fixing their remuneration by

means of an Ordinary Resolution. Accordingly, approval

of the Members is sought for re-appointment of PWC as

Statutory Auditors of the Company.

The Audit Committee based on the evaluation of the

Auditors’ performance has recommended to the Board,

their re-appointment for the second term of five years

as permitted under Section 139(2) of the Companies Act,

2013.

Brief Profile of Price Waterhouse Chartered Accountants

LLP:

Price Waterhouse Chartered Accountants LLP, (the “Firm”)

having a Firm Registration No. 012754N/ N500016, is a Firm

of Chartered Accountants registered with the Institute of

Chartered Accountants of India. The Firm was established

in the year 1991 and was converted into a limited liability

partnership in the year 2014. The registered office of the

Firm is at SuchetaBhawan, 11A Vishnu DigambarMarg,

New Delhi - 110 002 and has ten branch offices in various

cities in India. The Firm is primarily engaged in providing

auditing and other assurance services to its clients and

is a member firm of Price Waterhouse & Affiliates, a

network of firms registered with the Institute of Chartered

Accountants of India having Network Registration No.

NRN/E/14. Price Waterhouse & Affiliates is a network

of eleven separate, distinct and independent Indian

chartered accountant firms, each of which is registered

with the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.

The Firm has more than 75 Assurance Partners as at

April 01, 2022. It has a valid peer review certificate and

audits various companies listed on stock exchanges in

India.

The Board recommends the re-appointment of PWC as

Statutory Auditors of the Company.

Memorandum of Interest

None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the

Company or their relatives is interested or concerned,

financially or otherwise in the aforesaid resolution

proposed to be passed as an Ordinary Resolution.:

letter of appointment setting out the terms and

conditions of his appointment is available on the website

of the Company and would also be available for inspection

without any fee by the Members at the Company’s

Registered Office during normal business hours on any

working day up to the date of the AGM.:

letter of appointment setting out the terms and

conditions of his appointment is available on the website

of the Company and would also be available for inspection

without any fee by the Members at the Company’s

Registered Office during normal business hours on any

working day upto the date of the AGM.

Memorandum of Interest

Except Mr. Sujjain S Talwar being the appointee, none of

the other Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the

Company or their relatives is interested or concerned,

financially or otherwise in the aforesaid Special Resolution.

Item No.8

The shareholders at the 64th Annual General Meeting

held on 3rd August 2018 had approved the payment of:

Dear Shareholders,

It has been a year of cautious optimism for

CUMI, and I am immensely pleased to share the

highlights of FY 2021-22. The year commenced in

the background of the second wave of the Covid

pandemic, reckoned to be the deadliest wave

affecting the globe. Yet, the impact on the economy

and business operations was not as devastating as

the first wave owing to preparedness, the shield

of vaccination, coupled with less severe lockdown

conditions imposed by States balancing the health

of its citizens and economy.

While the economy was on a revival path, the fear

of the pandemic’s third wave and the emergence

of the geopolitical crisis due to the intensified

Russia - Ukraine conflict put the global economy

back into a volatile condition towards the end

of the year. Today, global growth is expected to

decelerate against the backdrop of continuing

disruption caused by Covid and supply bottlenecks.

The rebound in the global activity, together with

supply chain disruption, and higher food-energy

prices, have pushed up inflation in many countries.

However, unlike the rest of the world, the risk for

India is predicted to be lower, backed up by strong

national policies and the resilience demonstrated

in the last few years.

Despite the challenging and volatile conditions,

the year 2021-22 has been a milestone for CUMI.

After a decade-long hiatus, we at CUMI, decided

to forge ahead in our inorganic growth path. The

CUMI team has been able to complete three

acquisitions, in line with its long term plans - one

domestic and two international. The acquisitions

of PLUSS, AWUKO and RHODIUS Abrasives reaffirm

our ability to thrive in tough volatile conditions. We

look forward to growing stronger by synergising the

strengths of each other.

Organic growth has been encouraging. The demand

side has been strong across businesses with most

of the economies coming back post the pandemic

and the standalone revenues have grown by 33%

ChaIrMan’s Message:

Managing Director, and Sridharan

Rangarajan, Director - Finance & Strategy. The leadership

teams of the subsidiaries and associates, and the

Business Group Management Committee of CUMI have

done exceedingly well to lead the teams by example

in demonstrating not only to survive under difficult

conditions but to emerge stronger by converting

challenges into opportunities. The role played by the

Corporate functions like Finance, Treasury, Compliance,

Legal and Human Resources in concluding multiple

acquisitions in a time-bound manner is commendable.

On behalf of the CUMI family, I extend a hearty

welcome to the teams - PLUSS led by Samit Jain; CUMI

AWUKO led by Robert Wehowsky, Thomas Müller,

Fabian Hoffmann and Ton Hintzen; RHODIUS Abrasives

led by Bernd Lichter, Klaus Rudolph and Ernst-Henning

Sager. We look forward to working with them to create

enduring quality solutions for our global customers.

I am very thankful to my colleagues on the Board for

their continued support and wise counsel. They have

been a great source of inspiration to me personally

and have been most generous with their time and

wisdom in a buzzing year like the last. Besides ensuring

sound governance and adherence to our value system,

their active involvement in guiding, encouraging, and

challenging the management team has been invaluable.

In closing, we thank all our stakeholders – customers,

suppliers, vendors, bankers, regulatory authorities, legal

advisors, investment advisors, financial & tax advisors,

consultants and of course, you – our shareholders for

your unstinted support and belief in all that we do in

forging new paths ahead.

With warm regards,

MM Murugappan

Chairman:

Managing Director:

Managing Director of State

Bank of Indore. She retired

as Deputy: Managing Director,

Stressed Asset Management

Group of State Bank of India.

She is currently on the Boards

of Ramco Systems Limited,

Sundaram Trustee Company

Limited, Tamil Nadu Newsprint

& Papers Limited, Rajapalayam

Mills Limited, Shanti Gears

Limited and Bank of Baroda.

n ananthaseshan

59 years

Mr N Ananthaseshan holds

an M Tech degree in Material

Science

from

the

Indian

Institute

of

Technology,

Kharagpur and a Master’s

degree in Applied Sciences

from

PSG

College

of

Technology, Coimbatore. He

has been associated with the

Company since 1986 and has

over 30 years of experience,

including as Head of both the

Electrominerals & Abrasives

businesses.

Ananthaseshan

serves as a Director on the

Boards

of

Wendt

(India)

Limited,

Sterling

Abrasives

Limited,

Volzhsky

Abrasive

Works,

PLUSS

Advanced

Technologies Private Limit`ed

and various other subsidiaries

of the Company, in addition

to serving as the

Managing Director

Rekha Surendhiran, Company Secretary

Padmanabhan P, Chief Financial Officer

the CuMI senIor leadershIP

The CUMI Senior Leadership Team:

Managing Director (DIN 02402921)

Committees of the Board

Audit Committee

Sanjay Jayavarthanavelu, Chairman

Sujjain S Talwar

Aroon Raman

Soundara Kumar

Sridharan Rangarajan

Nomination and Remuneration Committee

Sanjay Jayavarthanavelu, Chairman

Aroon Raman

P S Raghavan

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

Aroon Raman, Chairman

P S Raghavan

N Ananthaseshan

Risk Management Committee

P S Raghavan, Chairman

Aroon Raman

N Ananthaseshan

Stakeholders Relationship Committee

M M Murugappan, Chairman

P S Raghavan

Sridharan Rangarajan

N Ananthaseshan

MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE

N Ananthaseshan,: Managing

Managing Director’s half

yearly Town Hall meeting, connecting all employees across the

globe, including subsidiaries provided a feel of togetherness and

connect. “Thinking Aloud” the MD’s weekly communication to

employees saw 52 uninterrupted releases. Business Heads and

functional leaders continued their dialogue with employees at

regular intervals. To engage with the potential talents, efforts

were taken to improve the social media presence, specifically in

LinkedIn. Keeping these communication channels activated has

helped foster a sense of connection and the leadership teams to

get employees’ pulse and plan resources accordingly.

Employee recognition through different platforms continued to

recognise employees for their achievements. Employees who

exhibited exceptional values during the year were recognised

with “Shine Awards”.

A “One CUMI” initiative was launched during the year to bring in

uniformity in employee experience across locations.

An Employee Engagement survey was rolled out to all the

Management staffs across CUMI in Q4 of FY 2021-22 to

understand their experiences in Culture, Company policies and

practices, Career, Collaboration and Coaching & Empowerment.

Based on the survey outcomes, focus group discussions will be

conducted and action plans will be created to improve employee

experience.

HR Excellence

The feedback from Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) HR

Excellence assessment 2021 is a guiding note for our journey

to excellence. Actions based on the feedback report are being

implemented based on priority.

Employee Relations

Cordial relationships have been maintained with employees and

unions despite the disruptions and volatile conditions caused by

the pandemic and the wage settlements have brought in greater

flexibility in operations, adherence to TPM practices ensuring

high standards of productivity. During the year, 2 factory units

signed off wage settlement increasing productivity target and

without loss of any manhours.

Talent Acquisition & Talent Management

Hiring of fresh talent and development of future leaders

continued as a strategic focus area. The focus was to continue

creating a talent pipeline in the middle management level

by hiring Graduate and Management trainees. 33 Graduate

Engineer Trainee and 2 Post Graduate Engineer Trainees were

recruited during the year. They are expected to join by Q1 of FY

2022-23. Lateral hires with greater emphasis on referrals, job

boards and internal transfers lowered sourcing costs.

The quality of the hires has been enhanced by introducing

Thomas Personal Profile Analysis (PPA). The capability of the HR

team has been enhanced by undergoing training program on PPA

and getting certified on the same.

To remain competitive in the talent market, a Compensation

Benchmarking was done through a reputed external expert.

Compensation was revised in line with market level.

High Potential Talents who were identified as future leaders

through multi source feedbacks and assessments were enrolled

for different development programmes. 5 Employees who

are identified as potential business leaders are undergoing

a development programme through Indian Institute of

Management, Ahmedabad (IIMA).

34 Employees who are identified as mid-level leaders are enrolled

CUMI Leadership Programme, a customised development

programme designed and executed in collaboration with Great

Lakes Institute of Management.

High Potential employees in junior level management are

being identified through a performance - potential matrix. The

assessment will take 2 year performance data and a potential

score from Thomas General Intelligence report. Once the exercise

is complete, these employees also will undergo a customised

development initiative.

Cost focus

The pandemic and lockdown conditions brought in new

challenges on fixed cost. Through a structured approach, higher

focus on automation, improving the productivity through Six

Company Overview

Financial Statements

Management Reports:

Managing Director retires by rotation

at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting and being eligible

has offered himself for re-appointment. A proposal for his

re-appointment is included in the Notice convening the 68th

Annual General Meeting for consideration and approval by the

shareholders.

The Company has received declarations from all its Independent

Directors confirming that they meet the criteria of independence

prescribed both under the Companies Act, 2013 and the Listing

Regulations. In the opinion of the Board, all the Directors

appointed/re-appointed during the year are persons with

integrity, expertise and possess relevant experience in their

respective fields.

All the Independent Directors of the Company have registered

their names in the Independent Director’s Databank as

required under the Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules

referred therein. The Independent Directors are also required

to take up an online proficiency self-assessment test within

two years from the date of inclusion of their name in the

Independent Director’s databank with an exemption provided

to Directors fulfilling the criteria prescribed under the Act

and the Rules referred therein. The completion of the online

proficiency self-assessment test is exempted for most of

the Directors. Some of the Independent Directors including

those required to do so have completed the self-assessment.

Mr. P S Raghavan and Mrs. Soundara Kumar (though being

exempt) have completed their proficiency self-assessment

within the timelines.

As on the date of this Report, Mr. N Ananthaseshan, Managing

Director, Mr. Sridharan Rangarajan, Director – Finance &

Strategy, Mr. P Padmanabhan, Chief Financial Officer and

Ms. Rekha Surendhiran, Company Secretary are the Key

Managerial Personnel of the Company as per Section 203 of the

Companies Act, 2013.

Board Meetings

During the year, ten Board Meetings were held, the details of

which are given in the Corporate Governance Report.

Board Evaluation

Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and

the Listing Regulations, the Board carried out an annual

performance evaluation of its own performance, the Directors

individually as well as the evaluation of the working of its

various Committees as per the evaluation framework adopted

by the Board on the recommendation of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee. Structured assessment forms were

used in the overall Board evaluation comprising various aspects

of the Board’s functioning in terms of structure, its meetings,

strategy, governance and other dynamics of its functioning

besides the financial reporting process, internal controls and risk

management. The evaluation of the Committees was based on

their terms of reference fixed by the Board besides the dynamics

of their functioning in terms of meeting frequency, effectiveness

of contribution etc.

Separate questionnaires were used to evaluate the performance

of individual Directors on parameters such as their level of

engagement and contribution, objective judgement etc. The: Managing Director’s evaluation was based on leadership

qualities, strategic planning, communication, engagement with

the Board etc.

The

Managing Director

18,818,285

M.Sc (Applied Science),

M.Tech Material Science (36)

19.02.1986(d)

-

Ninad M Gadgil (51)

Head - Abrasives

16,095,095

B.E. (Electronics) & PGDBM

(Marketing) (27)

04.11.2019

Country Business Leader

- Health Care, 3M India

Limited

Padmanabhan P (54)

Chief Financial

Officer

6,547,354

B.Com, Grad CWA, ACA,

PGDFM (34)

01.07.1994(d)

-

Rajendran V G (52)

Head - Refractories

and Prodorite

10,966,777

B.E. (Metallurgy) and PGD in

Management (33)

25.10.2017

C.O.O.- Foundry Division,

Mahindra CIE Automotive

Limited

Rajeev Singhal (54)

Vice President -

Sales (Abrasives)

5,879,902

PGDBA (32)

25.07.1991(d)

-

Rekha Surendhiran (44)

Company Secretary

6,438,754

B.com, ACS,PGDFM,MBL (23)

23.08.2013

Cholamandalam MS General

Insurance Co. Ltd.

Sivakumaran M V (50)

Head-

Electrominerals

7,469,949

M.Sc, MBA & M.Tech (25)

01.07.1996(d)

-

Shyam S Rao (59)

Head - Industrial

Ceramics

9,923,811

B.Tech Metallurgy, MS

Material Science, PhD

Material Science (28)

07.05.1999

Widia India Limited

Sridharan Rangarajan

(56)

Director-Finance &

Strategy

15,423,367

B.Com, ACA, Grad CWA (36)

22.06.2011

CFO, Indian Operations -

TIMKEN

Vijayalakshmi D (56)

Vice President

- Corporate

Communications

7,371,163

B.Sc Physics (33)

21.01.2010

Ogilvy Public Relations

B. Details of employees who were employed for part of the year and earning eight lakh and fifty thousand rupees per month apart

from the top ten employees:

Name and Age

Designation/Nature of

duties

Gross

remuneration

paid (`)

Qualification & experience

(No. of years)

Date of

commencement of

employment

Previous employment

1

2

3

4

5

6

P S Jayan (61)

Business Head- EMD

10,294,034

B.Sc & B.Tech (37)

30.11.1985(d)

-

Shashi Gupta (58)

Sr. AVP - Sales and

Marketing- Refractories

5,678,596

PG in Management

Marketing (34)

01.03.2006

TI Diamond Chain Ltd

ANNEXURE A

Company Overview

Financial Statements

Management Reports

Notes:

a)

Remuneration as shown above includes salary, allowances,

Company’s contribution to provident, superannuation and

gratuity funds, medical facilities and perquisites valued as per

income-tax rules. During the year, no Options were granted

under the Employees Stock Option Scheme, 2007. During the

year, eligible employees were granted in aggregate 709,334

Options under the Employee Stock Option Plan 2016. The

employee-wise grant details are available in the disclosure

under Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based

Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021

uploaded on the website of the Company. The Employee

Stock Options granted to employees in the earlier period

are accounted based on fair value as per Indian Accounting

Standards.

b)

The employment of the above persons is whole time in

nature and terminable with 3 months’ notice on either side.

c)

The above-mentioned employees are not relatives (in terms

of the Companies Act, 2013) of any Director of the Company.

Further, no employee of the Company is covered by the Rule

5(2) (iii) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration

of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (employee holding

by himself or with his family shares of 2% or more in the

Company and drawing remuneration in excess of the: Managing

Managing Director

33.15

Mr. Sridharan Rangarajan

Director-Finance &

Strategy

27.17

(ii) Percentage increase in the remuneration of each Director,

Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Company

Secretary in the financial year:

Name

Designation

Increase

(%)

Mr. M M Murugappan

Chairman

1.43

Mr. Sanjay

Jayavarthanavelu

Independent Director

15.72

Mr. Aroon Raman

Independent Director

6.95

Mr. P S Raghavan

Independent Director

8.04

Mr. Sujjain S Talwar

Independent Director

9.38

Mrs. Soundara Kumar

Independent Director

9.38

Mr. N Ananthaseshan: Managing Director

20.17

Mr. Sridharan Rangarajan* Director-Finance &

Strategy

-

Mr. P Padmanabhan

Chief Financial Officer

8.37

Mrs. Rekha Surendhiran

Company Secretary

16.93

*Joined the Board during FY 2021-22 and hence not comparable.

•

The Directors' remuneration comprises commission

and sitting fees for attending the meetings of the Board.

While there is no change in remuneration structure for

the Non-Executive Directors during the year as indicated

in the Corporate Governance Report, the increase in

remuneration is on account of the increase in number of

Board/committee meetings conducted during the year

which were attended by the Directors as per the attendance

details mentioned in the Corporate Governance Report

and hence, the sitting fees paid during the year increased

proportionately to their attendance.

•

Executive Remuneration for the FY 2020-21 and FY 2021-22

have been adjusted duly factoring the LTA availed status.

•

The increase in the remuneration of the Key Managerial

Personnel includes the enhanced variable incentive payout

as per the approved balance score card applicable to all

employees in Corporate.

(iii) Percentage increase in the median remuneration of

employees in the financial year: 6.04 per cent (employees

who were in employment for the whole of FY 2021-22 &

whole of FY 2020-21 considered for this purpose in the

respective financial years).

(iv) Number of permanent employees on the rolls of the

Company as on 31st March 2022: 2121 employees.

(v) The average annual increase in salaries of employees was

8% compared to an increase in managerial remuneration

of 10.15%. The Increase in the managerial remuneration is

due to increase in the number of Board meetings /Commit-

tee meetings attended by the Directors. With respect to

the Key Managerial Personnel’s managerial remuneration,

the increase in remuneration includes higher variable pay-

out as per the approved balance score card of the Compa-

ny. Hence, the confirmation with respect to exceptional cir-

cumstances for increase in managerial remuneration does

not arise.

(vi) The Company affirms that the remuneration is in compli-

ance with its Remuneration policy.

Chennai

May 13, 2022

On behalf of the Board

M M Murugappan

Managing Director

3

3

3.

Provide the web-link where Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by the Board are disclosed on the website of the company:

https://www.cumi-murugappa.com

4.

Impact assessment on CSR Projects

Though the Company is not required to conduct a formal impact assessment of its CSR projects, all activities

continue to be part of its overall CSR programmes only after due assessment is undertaken. The expansion of

the skill development centre from Hosur to other areas of operations like Ranipet, Cochin over the years is a

testimony to this effect. The Company recognises growth to be inclusive and undertakes a lot of community

initiatives in and around its plant activities which necessarily does not form part of this report. Initiatives through

implementing agencies are also undertaken only basis an assessment of the local requirements.

5. Details of the amount available for set off in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 7 of the Companies (Corporate Social responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 and amount required for set

off for the financial year, if any:

Sl.No.

Financial Year

Amount available for set-off from preceding financial years (in `)

Amount required to be set-off for the financial year,if any (in `)

1

2020-21

`16.14 million

`5.4 million

6.

Average net profit of the Company as per Section 135(5)

`2176.24 million

7.

(a) Two percent of average net profit of the company

(b) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or

activities of the previous financial years

(c) Amount required to be set off for the financial year, if any

(d) Total CSR obligation (7a+7b-7c)

`43.53 million

-

Nil (While an amount of `5.4 million was planned to be set-off against the outlay for the FY 2021-22, considering

the excess spend made for the FY, this amount has not been set off this FY).

`43.53 million:

Managing Director

Aroon Raman

Chairman - CSR Committee

On behalf of the Board

8.

Contribution to Tamil Nadu State

Diaster Management Authority

Healthcare

NA

Tamil Nadu

10.00

Yes

d. Amount spent in Administrative Overheads

-

e. Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable

-

f. Total amount spent for the Financial Year (8b+8c+8d+8e)

`45.86 million

(g) Excess amount for set off, if any

Sl.No.

Particular

Amount (in ` million)

(i)

Two percent of average net profit of the company as per section 135(5)

43.53

(ii)

Total amount spent for the Financial Year

45.86

(iii)

Excess amount spent for the financial year [(ii)-(i)]

2.33

(iv)

Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years, if any

16.14

(v)

Amount available for set off in succeeding financial years [(iii)-(iv)]

18.47

9. (a) Details of Unspent CSR amount for the preceding three financial years: Not applicable

Sl.No.

Preceding

Financial

Year

Amount transferred to

Unspent CSR Account

under section 135 (6)

(in `)

Amount spent in the

reporting Financial Year

(in `)

Amount transferred to any fund specified under

Schedule VII as per section 135(6), if any

Amount remaining to be

spent in succeeding financial

years (in `)

Name of the Fund

Amount (in `)

Date of transfer

Nil

(b) Details of CSR amount spent in the financial year for ongoing projects of the preceding financial year(s):Nil

Sl.No.

Project ID

Name of the

Project

Financial Year in

which the project

was commenced

Project

duration

Total amount

allocated for the

project (in `)

Amount spent on the

project in the

reporting Financial

Year (in `)

Cumulative amount spent

at the end of reporting

Financial Year (in `)

Status of the project -

Completed /Ongoing

Nil

10.

In case of creation or acquisition of capital asset, furnish the details relating to the asset so created or acquired through CSR spent in

the financial year (Asset wise details)

(a) Date of creation or acquisition of the capital asset(s).

(b) Amount of CSR spent for creation or acquisition of capital asset.

(c) Details of the entity or public authority or beneficiary under whose name such capital asset is registered, their address etc.

(d) Provide details of the capital asset(s) created or acquired (including complete address and location of the capital asset).

Not applicable

11.

Specify the reason(s), if the company has failed to spend two per cent of the average net profit as per section 135(5).

Not applicable:

Managing Director

(b) Details of the BR head

No.

Particulars

Abrasives

Ceramics

Refractories & Prodorite

Electrominerals

1.

DIN

NA

NA

NA

NA

2.

Name

Ninad Gadgil

Shyam S Rao

V G Rajendran

M V Sivakumaran

3.

Designation

Head-Abrasives

Head - Industrial

Ceramics

Head- Refractories & Prodorite

Head - Electrominerals

4.

Telephone number

+91-44-30006161

5.

E-mail ID

cumibrr@cumi.murugappa.com

2. Principle-wise (as per NVGs) BR Policy/policies

(a) Details of compliance

No.

Questions

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

i.

Do you have a policy/policies for

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

ii.

Has the policy been formulated in consultation

with the relevant stakeholders?

The policy(ies) has been framed keeping in mind the interests of the

stakeholders at large.

iii.

Does the policy conform to any national/

international standards?

Various practises/processes emanating out of the policy(ies) conform to

national/international standards.

iv.

Has the policy been approved by the Board? If yes,

has it been signed by MD/owner/CEO/appropriate

Board Director?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

v.

Does the Company have a specified committee

of the Board/ Director/Official to oversee the

implementation of the policy?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

vi.

Indicate the link for the policy to be viewed online? https://www.cumi-murugappa.com/policies-disclosure/

vii.

Has the policy been formally communicated to all

relevant internal and external stakeholders?

The policy(ies) has been disseminated on the Intranet as well as on the

website of the Company.

viii.

Does the Company have in-house structure to

implement the policy/policies?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

ix.

Does the Company have a grievance redressal

mechanism related to the policy/policies to

address stakeholders’ grievances related to the

policy/policies?

The individual policies by and large prescribe a grievance redressal

mechanism for the stakeholders concerned. Wherever, the individual

policies do not explicitly state the grievance redressal mechanism,

grievances can be addressed to cumibrr@cumi.murugappa.com.

x.

Has the Company carried out independent audit/

evaluation of the working of this policy by an

internal or external agency?

The Internal Auditors of the Company review the implementation

of policies from time to time. The Company’s various factories have

been subject to audit by external certification agencies. No dedicated

Business Responsibility audit has been conducted though the Company

does participate in sustainability evaluation and audits conducted by its

customers/suppliers from time to time. Ceramics has undergone the

ECOVADIS audit and are certified Bronze and Silver respectively.

(b) If answer to the question at serial number 2(a) (i) against any principle is ‘No’, please explain why: Not applicable

i.

The Company has not understood the Principles

Not applicable

ii.

The Company is not at a stage where it finds itself in

a position to formulate and implement the policies

on specified principles

iii.

The Company does not have financial or manpower

resources available for the task

iv.

It is planned to be done within next 6 months

v.

It is planned to be done within the next 1 year

vi.

Any other reason (please specify):

letter and spirit.

This manual prepared with a view to give clarity on ethical

issues, maintaining transparency in all dealings and practice

ethics in a dynamic business environment is required to be

adhered by all employees. The Company’s Code of Conduct,

Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading, Diversity

policy, Policy on prevention of sexual harassment, ethical

guidelines on stakeholder dealing, Whistle Blower policy

which are also enshrined in the Right Path serve as a guiding

norm in matters relating to ethics, anti-bribery and anti-

corruption for all employees. The anti-bribery clauses are

made part of its contractual arrangements with suppliers,

vendors etc. The Company has also put in place transparent

processes for dealing with confidential and sensitive

information of the Company, legitimate purposes for which

it can be shared and the manner to conduct enquiry in case

of a violation etc., beyond the mandate of law.

The Company has a policy to do business with suppliers

/ contractors and others who are aligned with its value

systems. Further, this alignment evaluation also forms

a significant part of the due diligence programme while

acquiring entities as per its inorganic growth strategy.

Appropriate due diligence is exercised while selecting them.

An annual confirmation to the Company’s Code of Conduct

is sought from employees to continuously reinforce the

commitment to ethical practices. In the past, the Company

has been conferred the prestigious Golden Peacock Award

in Corporate Ethics and also awarded the Golden Peacock

Award for Corporate Governance in due recognition of its

governance practices. During the year, the Company has

been adjudged as one of India’s Best Managed Company

by Deloitte, in its maiden launch of global recognition

programme in India.

In continuation of its dedicated initiative to sensitise its

employees on ethical communication, the “Say it Right”

programme transitioned into a full-fledged e-learning

module across the Company. The Company also introduced

a learning module on data privacy to sensitise the

employees on data privacy laws and to bring an awareness

on consequences of a breach. The: Managing

Managing Director connects with

employees through a half-yearly Town Hall covering employees

across the globe. Business Heads and Functional Heads have a

regular communication schedule with their team, engaging the

multi-generation, multi-disciplinary employees.

A quarterly session on “Ask the President” was initiated to

have the millenial employees discuss with the Business Head of

Abrasives Division and ask various questions, share their views.

This discussion was aimed at improving the working environment

and motivating the employees.

A regular dialogue and a transparent approach with shopfloor

workforce has helped in maintaining a cordial industrial relations

across manufacturing locations of the Company.

Select Employee Policies are reviewed during the year to stay

relevant and inclusive. Employees are encouraged to carry out

their annual/bi-annual medical checkup within the stipulated

time. Awareness campaign based on FHH (Fitness, Health &

Happiness) theme encouraged employees to participate in

different initiatives to maintain/improve their health.

Counselling support was extended to employees who are in

distress. Online counseling facility was made available to family

members also. This facility provided an opportunity to vent out

and seek psychological support from a counsellor when it is

required.

Providing and maintaining a safe and hygiene working

environment is a continuous process at CUMI. Periodic

awareness sessions, training on usage of protective equipment,

identifying and eliminating unsafe conditions are given top

priority. Workplace safety is of prime importance to the

Company and there have been sustained efforts over the year

in training employees to raise awareness of safe work practices.

Behaviour based safety training has been introduced along with

gaming as a methodology to train the younger generations. A

stringent safety assessment and methodology was introduced

with the Electrominerals Business being the first Business to

have its plants undergo a safety audit and risk assessment. Office

TPM has been introduced at the offices, as a measure to improve

employee productivity and safety. With a focus on ergonomics,

reducing waste and clutter, minimising unnecessary movements,

and reducing fatigue, this initiative aims at creating a truly world-

class environment in the Company’s offices.

Most of our plants are ISO 45001-2018 certified for occupational

health and safety management systems. The Company continues

its commitment to employ and empower women and its

initiatives such as friendly workplace policies for women, policy

for prevention of sexual harassment, redressal mechanism in

the form of Internal Complaints Committee, Women Welfare

Committees etc., augurs well.

The entire leadership team attended a refresher programme on

Prevention of Sexual Harassment at workplace. This is in addition

to the regular training and awareness sessions on this subject

being conducted across the Company. The participation showed

the commitment to create a better workplace recognising the

dignity of each employee.

With onset of the COVID-19 pandemic in India many initiatives

were taken up to enhance employee health and safety, while

also ensuring business continuity. Extensive Business Continuity

Planning and scenario planning was done to plan ahead for

business exigencies. Awareness sessions were conducted across

various locations and the importance of sanitisation / hand

washing and other hygiene factors as well as social distancing

was not only continuously communicated but the offices and

plants were equipped with the requisite facilities to ensure

the same. Guidelines on visitor protocols, meetings, travel

etc. were quickly revised, reviewed and published on regular

basis etc., in line with the government guidelines. Flexibility

in work location is provided wherever required/feasible. Daily

awareness communications, dedicated helplines for counselling

and regular check-up on the mental and physical health of the

employees were conducted. Due safety and health protocols

were followed including conduct of a health checkup before

the employee resumed duty in some of the locations. When

the lockdown guidelines were relaxed, strict safety protocols

were implemented at the premises to ensure the safe return

of employees. Protocols included self-declaration at entry,

temperature check, sanitisation of shopfloors and offices, social

distancing work style and food that boosted immunity.

A dedicated quarantine centre was set up swiftly to facilitate the

treatment of COVID infected employees in line with Government

protocols. Employees who were recommended home quarantine

were able to use the quarantine centre.

While most of the sales calls continued to be undertaken through

the virtual mode, to ensure safety of its employees during

Company Overview

Financial Statements

Management Reports:

letter of even date which is

annexed as “ANNEXURE A” and forms an integral part of this

report.

The Members,

Carborundum Universal Limited

CIN: L29224TN1954PLC000318

Parry House, 43 Moore Street

Chennai - 600001

Our report of even date is to be read along with this: letter.

1. Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of

the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to

express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our

audit.

2. We have followed the audit practices and processes as

were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records

as per the Auditing Standards (CSAS-1 to CSAS-4) and

Guidance Notes on ICSI Auditing Standards and Guidance

Note on Secretarial Audit issued by The Institute of Company

Secretaries of India. The verification was done to ensure that

correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe

that the processes and practices, we followed provide a

reasonable basis for our opinion.

3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness

of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company

as well as correctness of the values and figures reported in

various disclosures and returns as required to be filed by the

Company under the specified laws.

4. Wherever required, we have obtained the Management

representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

5. It is the responsibility of the management of the Company

to devise proper systems to ensure compliance with the

provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules,

regulations, standards and to ensure that the systems are

adequate and operate effectively. Our examination was limited

to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to

the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the

affairs of the Company.

For R.SRIDHARAN & ASSOCIATES

COMPANY SECRETARIES

CS R.SRIDHARAN

CP No. 3239

FCS No. 4775

PR NO.657/2020

Chennai UIN : S2003TN063400

May 13, 2022 UDIN:F004775D000297474

ANNEXURE A to the Secretarial Audit Report

Company Overview

Financial Statements

Management Reports

letter and

spirit of the law and its own demanding levels of business ethics.

CUMI considers Corporate Governance as the cornerstone

for sustained superior performance and for serving all its

stakeholders. The Company’s continuing contribution to the

society through meaningful Corporate Social Responsibility

initiatives, be it direct initiatives through the CUMI Centre for

Skill Development or indirect initiatives through contributions to

eligible implementing agencies in the core sectors of health &

education, plays a significant role in its governance initiatives.

The entire process begins with the functioning of the Board

of Directors, with leading professionals and experts serving

as Independent Directors and representing in various Board

Committees. During the recent years, the Company had to

deal with unprecedented challenges owing to COVID-19. The

various measures undertaken by the Company to combat the

pandemic and yet carry on its operations in the interest of its

stakeholders with utmost safety, reinforces our commitment to

core values, sustainability and governance principles. During the

year, despite the challenges of the global pandemic continuing

in an intermittent manner, the Company not only focused on the

organic growth of its existing businesses but also pursued and

successfully converted inorganic growth opportunities in both

national and international markets with vigour and zeal, thus

enhancing value for its stakeholders.

The Company has always believed in and practices the highest

standards of Corporate Governance since its inception and

considers that sound governance practices are crucial for its

smooth and efficient operations as well as its ability to attract

investments, balancing the interests of all its stakeholders and

providing shareholder value. The behaviour and ethics of an

organisation are considered to be two defining characteristics of

any company critical to not only successful leadership but also

in ensuring long term sustainability. Even during challenging

times such as the current situation affected by global crisis,

the Management continuously adheres to simple principles of

behavioural ethics with its conviction of purpose for sustainable

growth. CUMI’s ethical and responsible behaviour complements

its corporate culture which is guided by the following norm:

“The fundamental principle of economic activity is that no man

you transact with will lose; then you shall not.”

The Corporate Governance philosophy of the Company is driven

by the fundamental principles of:

• Adhering to the governance standards beyond the: letter of

law;

• Maintaining transparency and high degree of disclosure

levels;

• Maintaining a clear distinction between personal and

corporate interest;

•

Having a transparent corporate structure driven by business

needs; and

•

Ensuring compliance with applicable laws.

The above principles not only enables the Management in

leading from the front during severe crisis as the COVID-19 or

global trade tensions owing to geopolitical conflicts but also

provides the leadership with cautious optimism and confidence

to not only survive these tough times but emerge stronger.

The Company’s constant endeavour for corporate excellence has

been well recognised through incessant awards and accolades

reiterating its commitment to governance standards. CUMI

has already been the recipient of the coveted Golden Peacock

awards in Corporate Ethics and Corporate Governance in the past

years. The Company’s Annual Reports for FY 2018-19 and 2019-

20 have in the past won prestigious ICAI award for excellence in

financial reporting in manufacturing and trading sector and also

selected by the South Asian Federation of Accountants for the

Certificate of Merit in the Manufacturing Sector category. During

the year, the Company has been chosen as a “Best Managed”

Company in India’s first ever best managed companies awards

by Deloitte. The Best Managed Companies is a marquee Deloitte

programme. Each year, hundreds of entrepreneurial companies

worldwide undergo a rigorous evaluation across strategy,

internal processes, governance practices etc., but only the best

are awarded the prestigious title of a ‘Best Managed Company’.

This year, the globally celebrated programme was introduced in

India and the Company has earned the distinction of being one of

India’s first-ever “Best Managed” companies. These recognitions

stand testimony to the Company’s strong ethics, Corporate

Governance and excellence in financial reporting.

The Company continuously strives to make sustainable efforts

for its governance initiatives and processes.

Company Overview

Financial Statements

Management Reports

Managing Director

5(1)

6

3(1)

10

Yes

137,335

(a) Excluding Alternate Directorships and Directorships in Foreign companies, Private companies (which are not subsidiary or holding company of

a Public company) and Section 8 companies;

(b) Only Audit & Stakeholders Relationship Committee of Public companies;

(c) Inter-se relationship between Directors - Nil;

(d) Shareholding of Directors represents the shares held by them in individual capacity including as karta of a HUF and excluding shares held as

Trustees.

*Appointed with effect from 1st July 2021

Company Overview

Financial Statements

Management Reports:

letter of appointment is given to him / her, along with a

Directors’ handbook which inter alia explains the role, function,

duties and responsibilities expected of him / her as a Director

of the Company. The handbook also enumerates the list of

compliance obligations and other disclosures required from the

Director under the Companies Act, Listing Regulations and other

relevant regulations. Newly inducted Audit Committee members

are provided with an Audit Committee manual which broadly

covers the regulatory scenario in India, current practices in the

Company, Indian and global best practices etc. These handbooks

are updated periodically for regulatory as well as policy changes

and updated copies of the handbooks are provided to all the

Directors. Further, the Code of Conduct which includes the

values, principles and beliefs guiding the Company as well as

the duties and responsibilities of the Directors including that

of an Independent Director is given to the Director at the time

of induction which is affirmed annually. In addition, the Board

members have an opportunity and access to interact with the

Senior Management any time they wish to.

By way of an introduction to the Company, the newly inducted

Director is presented with a corporate dossier which traces the

Company’s history over 60 years of its existence and gives a

glimpse of value chain of its products. The: Managing Director at

the first Board meeting in which the new Director participates

or at a mutually convenient time makes a detailed presentation

on the Company, its various business segments and profile,

manufacturing locations, organisation structure and other market

related information. Exclusive plant visits are also organised for

the new Director. Further, with a view to familiarise the existing

Directors with the Company’s operations on an ongoing basis,

plant visits are periodically organised for the Directors. During

the year considering the prevailing pandemic situation, a virtual

plant tour across SBUs and major subsidiaries with a Board

interaction with the operating team members was conducted on

9th February 2022.

In the backdrop of a dynamic regulatory scenario, regulatory

changes impacting the Company is briefed at meetings on

quarterly basis. Annually, a dedicated meeting of the Board for

business plan / strategy discussion is held, usually at the plant

locations of the Company. During the year, this meeting was

conducted through video conferencing mode. During the year,

the Board was updated on the inorganic growth opportunities

undertaken by the Company at its every meeting in addition to

highlighting the Director’s responsibilities and liabilities across

various statutes applicable to the Company and its subsidiaries.

The Board is also regularly updated on the technological

initiatives undertaken in businesses.

The above initiatives help the Directors to understand the

Company, its businesses and the regulatory framework in

which the Company operates, thus enabling him / her to

effectively fulfill their role as a Director of the Company. The

details of the familiarisation programme is uploaded and

is available on the Company’s website at the following link

https://www.cumi-murugappa.com/policies-disclosure/.

2.5 Board evaluation

During the year, the Board conducted an evaluation of its own

performance, individual Directors as well as the working of the

Committees as per the Board evaluation framework adopted by

it. The manner and criteria for the evaluation of the Directors

including the Independent Directors of the Company is detailed

in the Directors’ Report.

3. BOARD COMMITTEES

The Board has constituted various Committees for support

in discharging its responsibilities. There are five Committees

constituted by the Board - Audit Committee, Nomination and

Remuneration Committee, Risk Management Committee,

Stakeholders Relationship Committee and Corporate Social

Responsibility Committee. The Company Secretary acts as the

Secretary to the Committees of the Board.

The Board at the time of constitution of each Committee

determines the terms of reference and also delegates further

powers from time to time. Various recommendations of the

Committees are submitted to the Board for consideration &

approval and the minutes of all meetings of the Committees are

circulated to the Board for information.

In addition to the above, the Board from time to time constitutes

committees of Directors for specific purposes. However, no

meetings of the other committees were held.

3.1 Audit Committee

Terms of Reference

The role of the Audit Committee includes overseeing the financial

reporting process and disclosure of financial information, review

of financial statements before submission to the Board, review

of adequacy of internal control system, findings of internal audit,

whistle blower mechanism, scrutiny of inter-corporate loans &

investments, approval and review of related party transactions,

review of loans and / or advances from or to / investments made

in subsidiaries, review of compliance with the provisions of SEBI

(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015, valuation of

assets / undertakings of the Company, appointment of registered

valuers etc., besides recommending the appointment of

Auditors and their remuneration to the Board as well as approval

of payments to Statutory Auditors for non-audit services and

review of effectiveness of audit process. The Audit Committee

also reviews the financial statements of unlisted subsidiary

companies, in particular, the investments made by them. In the

amended context of approval of related party transactions at

the meetings, only the Independent Directors of the Committee

vote and approve such transactions. Other Directors of the

Committee do not participate on voting and approval of related

party transactions.

Composition & Meetings

As at 31st March 2022, the Audit Committee comprised of

majority of Independent Directors and all members of the

Committee are financially literate. The

Managing Director. The Management Committee members

comprising the Senior Management executives are invited to the

meetings.

The Committee met on four occasions during the year on

28th April 2021, 2nd August 2021, 1st November 2021 and

21st March 2022. The composition of the Committee and

attendance of members are given below:

Name of Member

No. of meetings attended

(No. of meetings held)

P S Raghavan, Chairman

4 (4)

Aroon Raman

4 (4)

N Ananthaseshan

4 (4)

3.4. Stakeholders Relationship Committee

Terms of Reference

The terms of reference of this Committee includes formulation

of investor servicing policies, review of redressal of investor

complaints, approval / overseeing of transfers, transmissions,

transpositions, splitting, consolidation of securities, issue of

share certificates, demat / remat requests, review of service

standards in respect of various services rendered by the Registrar

& Share Transfer Agent, consider and resolve the grievances of

security holders of the Company and to determine, monitor and

review the standards for resolution of stakeholders grievance,

review measures taken for effective exercise of voting rights by

shareholders, review of various measures and initiatives taken

for reducing the quantum of unclaimed dividends and ensuring

timely receipt of dividend warrants / annual reports / statutory

notices by the shareholders, finalisation of terms of issue of debt

instruments including debentures, approval of their allotment,

administering the unclaimed shares suspense account,

authorising the terms of various borrowings & creating security

in respect thereof, allotment of shares on exercise of Options by

employees under the Employees Stock Option Scheme / Plan

and performing other functions as delegated to it by the Board

from time to time.

Composition & Meetings

The Committee comprises four members with one member

being an Independent Director. During the year, consequent

to the induction of Mr. Sridharan Rangarajan as Director

on the Board, the Committee was re-constituted to include

him as a member.

The Committee met on four occasions during the year on

28th April 2021, 2nd August 2021, 1st November 2021 and

10th February 2022. The composition of the Committee and

attendance of members are given below:

Name of Member

No. of meetings attended

(No. of meetings held)

M M Murugappan, Chairman

4 (4)

P S Raghavan

4 (4)

Sridharan Rangarajan*

3 (3)

N Ananthaseshan

4 (4)

*Appointed with effect from 1st July 2021.

During the year, there were no investor service complaints

received. Further, there were no investor service complaints

pending as at 31st March 2022.

Ms. Rekha Surendhiran, Company Secretary continues to be

the Compliance Officer for the purpose of compliance with the

requirements of the Listing Regulations.

M/s. KFin Technologies Limited, Hyderabad (Formerly known

as M/s. KFin Technologies Private Limited), is the Company’s

Registrar and Share Transfer Agent (RTA). The contact details are

available in the General Shareholder Information section of this

Report.

3.5 Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

Terms of Reference

The Board has constituted a Corporate Social Responsibility

(CSR) Committee in line with the requirements of the Companies

Act, 2013 for assisting in discharging its corporate social

responsibility. The Board has approved a CSR policy formulated

and recommended by the Committee which is uploaded

and available on the Company’s website at the following link

https://www.cumi-murugappa.com/policies-disclosure/.

The functions of the Committee inter alia includes recommending

the annual action plan and the amount of expenditure to be

incurred on the CSR activities during the year and monitoring

the implementation of CSR activities as per the CSR policy of the

Company from time to time.

Company Overview

Financial Statements

Management Reports:

Managing Director as its members. The Management Committee

members are invited to the meetings. The Committee met on

three occasions during the year on 28th April 2021, 2nd August

2021 and 10th February 2022. The composition of the Committee

and attendance of members are as follows:

Name of Member

No. of meetings attended

(No. of meetings held)

Aroon Raman, Chairman

3 (3)

P S Raghavan

3 (3)

N Ananthaseshan

3 (3)

4. DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION

4.1 Policy

The ability to attract and retain talented and quality resources

is a significant characteristic of any successful organisation. The

Company’s Remuneration policy formulated by the Nomination

and Remuneration Committee provides the framework for

remuneration of the Board members as well as all employees

including the Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management.

This policy is guided by the principles and objectives enumerated

in Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Listing

Regulations to ensure reasonableness and sufficiency of

remuneration to attract, retain and motivate competent

resources, establish a clear relationship of remuneration to

performance and a balance between rewarding short and long-

term performance.

The compensation of an Executive Director comprises a fixed

component and a performance incentive based on certain pre-

agreed parameters. The compensation is determined based

on levels of responsibility and scales prevailing in the industry.

The Executive Directors are not paid sitting fees for any Board

/ Committee meetings attended by them. They are eligible

for Employee Stock Options. Equity based compensation is

considered to be an integral part of employee compensation

across various sectors which enables alignment of personal

goals of employees with organisational objectives. The summary

of the Stock Options granted to Mr. N Ananthaseshan and

Mr. Sridharan Rangarajan is given in this Report. 272,000

fresh grants each were made to Mr. N Ananthaseshan and

Mr. Sridharan Rangarajan under the ESOP 2016 during the year.

The compensation to the Non-Executive Directors takes the

form of commission on profit. Though shareholders have

approved payment of commission up to 1 per cent of net profit

of the Company for each year, the actual commission paid to the

Directors is restricted to a fixed sum within the above limit. This

sum is reviewed periodically taking into consideration various

factors such as performance of the Company, time spent by

the Directors for attending to the affairs and business of the

Company and extent of responsibilities cast on Directors under

general laws and other relevant factors.

In keeping with the evolving trends in industry, the practice of

paying differential commission to Directors based on the time

and efforts spent by them has also been adopted. Given the size

and nature of its operations and also the rich experience that

Mr. M M Murugappan possesses in the field of engineering, a

considerable amount of time is spent by him in connection with

the operations of the Company. Apart from playing an active

role in guiding and advising on matters connected with strategy

and management, he spends considerable time on developing

/ managing relationships with the Company’s business partners

both in India and overseas. The Chairman also plays an active

role in matters connected with CUMI’s organisation culture

which is critical for the Company to deliver superior performance

besides devoting time for technology related issues impacting

the Company. Further, the Chairman spends a lot of time

participating in various events, conclaves and functions of

Industry bodies, Academic Institutions and interactions with

high level State Authorities in India and globally representing

the Company. Under his Chairmanship, the Company has grown

globally from Rs. 4060 million to over Rs. 30000 million. Under

his Chairmanship, during the year 2021-22, the Company has

been able to complete three main acquisitions viz., PLUSS

Advanced Technologies, CUMI AWUKO Abrasives GmbH and

RHODIUS Abrasives GmbH which will augur well with the growth

plans of the Company besides diversifying the presence in Indian

as well as European markets.

Mr. P S Raghavan, Independent Director is on the Boards of

CUMI International Limited, Cyprus and Volzhsky Abrasive

Works, Russia, Material Subsidiaries of the Company based on

the Board’s nomination. Considering the increased time and

efforts spent by Mr. P S Raghavan in matters pertaining to the

Company’s Material Subsidiaries, a differential commission for

the FY 2021-22 is proposed to be paid to him as done in the

previous years.

The Non-Executive Directors are also paid sitting fees within the

limits prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013 for every Board

/ Committee meeting attended by them.

4.2 Remuneration for FY 2021-22

Non-Executive Directors

(` million)

Name

Sitting Fees

Commission @

M M Murugappan

0.62

10.00

Sanjay Jayavarthanavelu

0.84

1.00

Aroon Raman

1.00

1.00

P S Raghavan

0.92

1.50

Sujjain S Talwar

0.75

1.00

Soundara Kumar

0.75

1.00

Total

4.88

15.50

@ will be paid after adoption of accounts by shareholders at the 68th

Annual General Meeting.

Executive Directors

Names

N Anan-

thaseshan

Sridharan

Rangarajan**

Fixed Component

Salary &

Allowances

12.22

9.70

Retirement

benefits*

2.25

1.85

Perquisites

0.04

0.02

Variable

Component

Incentive(a)

4.10

-

*includes contribution to National Pension System of PFRDA.

** Appointed as Whole-time Director w.e.f. 1st July 2021 and reflects the

remuneration received as Director from 1st July 2021 to to 31st March

2022.

Company Overview

Financial Statements

Management Reports:

Managing Director and Company Secretary. However, transfer

of shares in physical mode is prohibited effective April 01, 2019

pursuant to SEBI notification dated June 08, 2018. In respect of

transmission of shares, all requests are considered for approval

by the Stakeholders Relationship Committee.

As stated in the Corporate Governance Report, Members holding

shares in physical form are urged to dematerialise the shares as

they would be unable to transfer the shares in physical form

hereafter in view of the requirements prescribed in this regard

by SEBI.

4. Unclaimed Shares

Particulars

No. of

share

holders

No. of

shares

Aggregate number of shareholders and the

outstanding shares lying in the Unclaimed

Suspense Account at the beginning of the

year

102

173,290

Number of shareholders whose shares

have been transferred during the year from

the Unclaimed Suspense Account to the

Investor Education and Protection Fund

Authority pursuant to Section 124(6) of the

Companies Act, 2013*

23

38,190

Number of shareholders who approached

the Company for transfer of shares from

the Unclaimed Suspense Account during

the year in response to the Company’s

reminders

2

4,300

Number of shareholders to whom shares

were transferred from the Unclaimed

Suspense Account during the year

2

4,300

Aggregate number of shareholders and the

outstanding shares lying in the Unclaimed

Suspense Account at the end of the year

77

130,800

*In respect of the shares transferred to the Investor Education and

Protection Fund Authority, shareholders are entitled to claim these

shares from the Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority

by making an application in Form IEPF-5 available on website

http://www.iepf.gov.in/IEPF/corporates.html along with the requisite

documents after complying with the prescribed procedure.

On receipt of a claim for transfer from the Unclaimed Suspense

Account, the Company will after verification, credit the shares to

the shareholder’s demat account.

All corporate benefits in terms of securities accruing on these

shares like bonus shares, sub-division, etc., will also be credited

to the Unclaimed Suspense Account and the voting rights on

these shares will remain frozen until the claim is made by the

rightful owner.

5. AGM & Dividend details

(i) Forthcoming Annual General Meeting

Monday, the 1st August 2022 at 3.00 P.M. IST through video

conferencing/other audio visual means.

(ii) Dividend

The Board at its meeting held on 10th February 2022

had

approved

payment

of

an

interim

dividend

on

the equity shares of the Company at 150 per cent

Company Overview

Financial Statements

Management Reports:

Managing Director

Company Overview

Financial Statements

Management Reports:

Managing Director

26/04/2019

7.

01974515 Soundara Kumar

Non-Executive -

Independent Director

03/08/2019

8.

01814413 Sridharan

Rangarajan

Whole Time Director 01/07/2021

Ensuring the eligibility of, every Director on the Board, for their

appointment/ continuity is the responsibility of the Management

of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on

the same based on our verification. This certificate is neither an

assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor efficiency

or effectiveness with which the Management has conducted the

affairs of the Company.

For R.SRIDHARAN & ASSOCIATES

COMPANY SECRETARIES

CS R.SRIDHARAN

CP No. 3239

FCS No. 4775

PR NO.657/2020

Chennai UIN : S2003TN063400

May 13, 2022 UDIN: F004775D000297507

CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS

[Pursuant to Regulation 34 (3) read with Schedule V Para-C Sub clause (10) (i) of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015]

Company Overview

Financial Statements

Management Reports:

Managing Director

Sridharan Rangarajan

Director - Finance & Strategy

Rekha Surendhiran

Company Secretary

On behalf of the Board

Particulars

Notes

As at

31.03.2022

As at

31.03.2021

ASSETS

Non-current assets

(a) Property, plant and equipment

4A

6806.48

6041.23

(b) Right-of-use assets

4B

395.05

338.53

(c) Capital work-in-progress

4C

577.00

280.24

(d) Goodwill

5A

1581.25

1297.69

(e) Other Intangible assets

5B

1278.55

93.86

(f) Investment accounted for using the equity method

(i) Investments in Associate

6A

607.34

537.68

(ii) Investments in Joint Ventures

6B

582.46

620.43

(g) Financial assets

(i) Investments

6C

188.38

112.39

(ii) Other financial assets

7A

157.55

147.86

(h) Deferred tax assets (net)

8A

269.20

129.11

(i) Other Non-current assets

9A

4306.56

192.29

Total Non-current assets

16749.82

9791.31

Current assets

(a) Inventories

10

6909.04

4605.19

(b) Financial assets

(i) Trade receivables

11

4847.71

4776.16

(ii) Cash and Cash equivalents

12A

3475.04

4783.27

(iii) Bank balances other than (ii) above

12B

40.66

2106.19

(iv) Other Financial assets

7B

163.09

78.84

(c) Other Current assets

9B

1042.92

744.05

Total current assets

16478.46

17093.70

Total Assets

33228.28

26885.01

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

Equity

(a) Equity share capital

13

189.86

189.59

(b) Other equity

14

23447.86

21125.08

Equity attributable to owners of the Company

23637.72

21314.67

Non-controlling interests

15

859.39

464.23

Total Equity

24497.11

21778.90

Non-current liabilities

(a) Financial liabilities

(i) Borrowings

16

77.83

49.83

(ii) Lease liabilities

4B

231.99

170.94

(iii) Other financial liabilities

20A

17.01

-

(b) Provisions

17A

146.76

128.13

(c) Other Non-Current liabilities

21A

121.00

-

(d) Deferred tax liabilities (net)

8B

409.23

96.40

Total Non-current liabilities

1003.82

445.30

Current liabilities

(a) Financial liabilities

(i) Borrowings

18

2044.19

355.42

(ii) Lease liabilities

4B

45.97

41.03

(iii) Trade payables

(a) total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises

19

105.98

31.75

(b) total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises

and small enterprises

19

3597.61

2999.31

(iv) Other financial liabilities

20B

1444.30

789.35

(b) Provisions

17B

223.19

216.34

(c) Other current liabilities

21B

266.11

227.61

Total Current liabilities

7727.35

4660.81

Total Liabilities

8731.17

5106.11

Total Equity and Liabilities

33228.28

26885.01

See accompanying notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements

Company Overview

Financial Statements

Management Reports:

Managing Director

Sridharan Rangarajan

Director - Finance & Strategy

Rekha Surendhiran

Company Secretary

On behalf of the Board

S.No.

Particulars

Notes

For the year

2021-22

2020-21

I

Revenue from Operations

22

33247.58

26317.08

II

Other Income

23

398.16

313.95

III

Total Income

33645.74

26631.03

IV

Expenses

Cost of material consumed

11531.58

7567.75

Purchase of stock-in-trade

981.57

741.03

Changes in inventories of finished goods, stock-in-trade and work-in-progress

24

(935.56)

669.48

Employee benefit expense

25

4192.49

3470.37

Finance costs

26

56.44

35.82

Depreciation and amortisation expense

27

1145.65

994.50

Other expenses

28

12111.20

9212.65

Total expenses [IV]

29083.37

22691.60

V

Profit from operations before exceptional items and share of profit of equity accounted

investees and income tax [III] - [IV]

4562.37

3939.43

VI

Share of profit of Associate (net of tax)

6A

101.50

49.64

VII

Share of profit of Joint Ventures (net of tax)

6B

101.58

101.28

VIII

Profit before exceptional items and tax [V] + [VI] + [VII]

4765.45

4090.35

IX

Exceptional items (net)

29

-

(144.03)

X

Profit before tax [VIII]+[IX]

4765.45

3946.32

XI

Tax expense

(1) Current tax

30A

1375.47

1089.93

(2) Deferred tax

8

(110.22)

(74.28)

Total tax [XI]

1265.25

1015.65

XII

Profit for the year [X]-[XI]

3500.20

2930.67

XIII

Other Comprehensive Income [OCI]

A

(i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

(a) Remeasurement of the defined benefit plans

(47.57)

28.87

(b) Equity instruments through other comprehensive income

70.39

46.25

(c) Share of OCI in Associate and Joint Ventures, to the extent not to be reclassified to

profit or loss

(1.61)

(0.11)

(ii) Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

30B

0.08

-

21.29

75.01

B

(i) Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss

(a) Exchange differences in translating the financial statements of foreign operations

(157.67)

50.31

(b) Effective portion of gain and loss on designated portion of hedging

instruments in a cash flow hedge

(2.47)

6.89

(c) Share of OCI in Associate and Joint Ventures, to the extent that will be reclassified to

profit or loss

0.17

(1.24)

(ii) Income tax relating to items that will be reclassified to profit or loss

30B

0.62

(1.73)

(159.35)

54.23

Total Other Comprehensive Income [XIII]

(138.06)

129.24

XIV

Total Comprehensive Income [XII]+[XIII]

3362.14

3059.91

Profit for the year attributable to : [XII]

3500.20

2930.67

- Owners of the Company

3333.55

2843.09

- Non-Controlling Interest

166.65

87.58

Other Comprehensive Income : [XIII]

(138.06)

129.24

- Owners of the Company

(145.76)

127.50

- Non-Controlling Interest

7.70

1.74

Total Comprehensive Income : [XIV]

3362.14

3059.91

- Owners of the Company

3187.79

2970.59

- Non-Controlling Interest

174.35

89.32

XV

Earnings per share (`1 each) on Profit for the year [XII]

31

- Basic

17.57

15.01

- Diluted

17.52

14.99

See accompanying notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements

Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss

(in Indian Rupees million, unless otherwise stated):

Managing Director

Sridharan Rangarajan

Director - Finance & Strategy

Rekha Surendhiran

Company Secretary

Company Overview

Financial Statements

Management Reports:

Managing Director

Sridharan Rangarajan

Director - Finance & Strategy

Rekha Surendhiran

Company Secretary

Company Overview

Financial Statements

Management Reports:

Managing Director - Refer Note: 23 of Standalone financial statements

19.13

15.78

Remuneration to Director – Finance & Strategy - Refer Note : 23 of Standalone financial

statements

15.53

-

Welfare expenses

658.07

415.60

4192.49

3470.37

* includes expenses related to PLUSS ESOP scheme amounting `5.34 million (Previous year: `Nil)- Refer Note: 20.

26. Finance costs

Particulars

For the year

2021-22

2020-21

Interest costs

- On loans from banks and others

36.07

24.85

- On Lease liabilities - Refer Note: 4B

14.46

6.89

Other borrowing costs

5.91

4.08

56.44

35.82

Company Overview

Financial Statements

Management Reports

Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended March 31, 2022 (in Indian Rupees million, unless otherwise stated):

Managing Director (CODM) consists of Chief Financial Officer, Leaders of

Strategic Business Units, Human Resources and Company Secretary reviews the performance of the Group and has identified three

core reportable business segments organised using differences in products and services:

• Surface engineering (material removal, cutting, polishing) known as Abrasives. Abrasive segment comprise of Bonded, Coated,

Processed cloth, Polymers, Power tools and Coolants.

• Technical ceramics and super refractory solutions to address wear protection, corrosion resistance, electrical resistance, heat

protection and ballistic protection known as Ceramics.

• Electrominerals for surface engineering, refractories, energy and environment. It includes fused alumina, silicon carbide, zirconia,

specialty minerals and captive power generation from hydel power plant.

Besides the above three core segments, the Group has a power generation entity to serve its power requirements of the core business

segments. The Group also has an IT services company which provides IT infrastructure facility management services, software

application development services, remote infrastructure management services and IT security management services and the Group

has a company with manufacturing facility for phase change materials and speciality polymeric additives , which is shown under

“Others”. The Business Group Management Committee monitors the operating results of its business segments for the purpose of

making decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment using profit or loss and return on capital employed.

Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended March 31, 2022 (in Indian Rupees million, unless otherwise stated)

Company Overview

Financial Statements

Management Reports:

letter of comfort given on behalf of Joint venture

90.00

-

(b)

Outstanding letters of credit

460.81

180.04

35. Employee Benefits

Defined contribution plans

The Group operates defined contribution retirement benefit plans under various jurisdictions for all qualifying employees. The assets

of the plans are held separately from those of respective companies under the control of trustees/Government organisations. Where

employees leave the plans prior to full vesting of the contributions, the contributions payable by the respective companies in the

Group are reduced by the amount of forfeited contributions.

Company Overview

Financial Statements

Management Reports

Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended March 31, 2022 (in Indian Rupees million, unless otherwise stated):

letter of comfort given on behalf

of Joint Venture

90.00

90.00

-

-

-

90.00

Company Overview

Financial Statements

Management Reports

Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended March 31, 2022 (in Indian Rupees million, unless otherwise stated):

Managing Director

[AN]

Mr. Sridharan Rangarajan, Director – Finance & Strategy (Effective from 01st July 2021)

[SR]

Other Related parties

Ambadi Investments Limited (Shareholder with significant influence and promoter holding more than 10%)

[AIL]

Parry Enterprises India Limited (Subsidiary of AIL)

[PEIL]

Parry Agro Industries Limited (Subsidiary of AIL)

[PAL]

Carborundum Universal Employees Provident fund

[CUEPF]

Retiral funds of Subsidiaries, Joint ventures, Associate and Other Related parties

Company Overview

Financial Statements

Management Reports

Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended March 31, 2022 (in Indian Rupees million, unless otherwise stated):

Letter of

Comfort/

Guarantee

issued/

renewed

Joint Ventures

MMTCL

18.30

114.46

15.78

5.01

Ciria

45.17

25.50

-

90.00

Total

63.47

139.96

15.78

-

-

-

5.01

-

90.00

Associate & its

subsidiaries

Wendt

37.55

30.00

58.24

5.52

2.64

WGTL

62.54

10.82

Total

100.09

30.00

69.06

-

5.52

-

2.64

-

-

Other related

parties

PEIL

-

10.05

CUEPF

-

145.61

-

Total

-

-

-

10.05

-

-

-

145.61

-

KMP -

Remuneration

AN

19.17

SR

15.55

Total

-

-

-

-

-

34.72

-

-

-

Grand Total

163.56

169.96

84.84

10.05

5.52

34.72

7.65

145.61

90.00

Related Party

B. Transactions during FY 2020-21

Income

from Sales

& Services

Dividend

income

Purchase

of goods

Expenditure

on other

services

Rental

Expenses

Managerial

remuneration

Purchases

of Fixed

asset

Contribution

to Provident

Fund

Joint Ventures

MMTCL

44.72

57.23

7.35

Ciria

45.57

36.00

Total

90.29

93.23

7.35

-

-

-

-

-

Associate & its subsidiaries

Wendt

25.19

27.43

13.58

5.52

15.47

WGTL

47.55

3.79

Total

72.74

27.43

17.37

-

5.52

-

15.47

-

Other related parties

PEIL

-

7.92

CUEPF

-

136.72

Total

-

-

-

7.92

-

-

-

136.72

KMP - Remuneration

AN

0.02

15.82

Total

0.02

-

-

-

-

15.82

-

-

Grand Total

163.05

120.66

24.72

7.92

5.52

15.82

15.47

136.72:

Letter of comfort/

Guarantee

outstanding*

Trade

and other

receivable

Deposit

outstanding Payables

Joint Ventures

MMTCL

5.51

-

1.13

-

6.50

-

1.73

Ciria

11.83

-

-

90.00

11.24

-

-

Total

17.34

-

1.13

90.00

17.74

-

1.73

Associate & its

subsidiaries

Wendt

29.20

1.00

12.83

-

26.73

1.00

7.92

WGTL

4.09

-

-

-

4.48

-

1.33

Total

33.29

1.00

12.83

-

31.21

1.00

9.25

Other related parties

PEIL

-

-

2.54

-

-

-

0.16

CUEPF

-

-

12.43

-

-

-

12.01

Total

-

-

14.97

-

-

-

12.17

KMP@

AN

-

-

4.83

-

-

-

3.97

SR

-

-

4.05

-

-

-

-

Total

-

-

8.88

-

-

-

3.97

Grand Total

50.63

1.00

37.81

90.00

48.95

1.00

27.12

Transactions with related parties in the nature of sale of goods, rendering of services, purchase of goods, procurement of services are

at arm’s length price.

*Issued towards availment of banking facilities by the respective entities.

@Incentive payable to: Managing

Managing Director

Sridharan Rangarajan

Director - Finance & Strategy

Rekha Surendhiran

Company Secretary

Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended March 31, 2022 (in Indian Rupees million, unless otherwise stated):

Managing Director

Sridharan Rangarajan

Director - Finance & Strategy

Rekha Surendhiran

Company Secretary

Company Overview

Financial Statements

Management Reports:

Managing Director

Sridharan Rangarajan

Director - Finance & Strategy

Rekha Surendhiran

Company Secretary

On behalf of the Board

Company Overview

Financial Statements

Management Reports:

Managing Director

Sridharan Rangarajan

Director - Finance & Strategy

Rekha Surendhiran

Company Secretary

S.No. Particulars

Notes

For the year

2021-22

2020-21

I

Revenue from Operations

20

22152.32

16722.76

II

Other income

21

419.47

423.68

III

Total Income (I+II)

22571.79

17146.44

IV

Expenses

Cost of material consumed

8925.10

5999.37

Purchases of stock-in-trade

735.61

530.41

Changes in inventories of finished goods, stock-in-trade and work-in-

progress

22

(346.37)

558.87

Employee benefits expense

23

2148.60

1961.68

Finance costs

24

9.74

2.71

Depreciation and amortisation expense

25

650.39

614.31

Other expenses

26

6993.45

4922.41

Total expenses (IV)

19116.52

14589.76

V

Profit before exceptional items and tax (III-IV)

3455.27

2556.68

VI

Exceptional items (net)

27

-

(112.18)

VII

Profit before tax (V+VI)

3455.27

2444.50

VIII

Tax expense

(1) Current tax

28A

899.30

637.50

(2) Deferred tax

15

11.20

(32.62)

Total tax (VIII)

910.50

604.88

IX

Profit for the year (VII-VIII)

2544.77

1839.62

X

Other Comprehensive Income [OCI]

A

(i)

Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

(a) Remeasurement of the defined benefit plans

34C

(48.62)

27.50

(b) Equity instruments through OCI

20.39

46.25

(ii) Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to

profit or loss

28B

-

-

Total Other Comprehensive Income (X)

(28.23)

73.75

XI

Total Comprehensive Income for the year (IX+X)

2516.54

1913.37

XII

Earnings per equity share (`1 each) on profit for the year (IX)

29

- Basic

13.41

9.71

- Diluted

13.37

9.70

See accompanying notes forming part of the financial statements

Company Overview

Financial Statements

Management Reports:

Managing Director

Sridharan Rangarajan

Director - Finance & Strategy

Rekha Surendhiran

Company Secretary

On behalf of the Board

Company Overview

Financial Statements

Management Reports:

Managing Director

Sridharan Rangarajan

Director - Finance & Strategy

Rekha Surendhiran

Company Secretary

Company Overview

Financial Statements

Management Reports:

Managing Director

19.13

15.78

Remuneration to Director – Finance & Strategy

15.53

-

Welfare expenses

334.50

276.07

2148.60

1961.68

Remuneration to: Managing

Managing Director (CODM) consisting of Chief Financial Officer, Leaders of

Strategic Business Units , Human Resources and Company Secretary have identified the above three reportable business segments. It

reviews and monitors the operating results of the business segments for the purpose of making decisions about resource allocation

and performance assessment using profit or loss and return on capital employed.

Company Overview

Financial Statements

Management Reports

Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements

For the year ended March 31, 2022 (in Indian Rupees million, unless otherwise stated):

letter of comfort given on behalf of subsidiaries and Joint ventures

5195.33

249.00

b. Outstanding letters of credit

460.81

180.04

Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements

For the year ended March 31, 2022 (in Indian Rupees million, unless otherwise stated)

Company Overview

Financial Statements

Management Reports:

letter of comfort given on

behalf of subsidiaries and Joint venture

5195.33

5195.33

-

-

-

5195.33

Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements

For the year ended March 31, 2022 (in Indian Rupees million, unless otherwise stated)

Company Overview

Financial Statements

Management Reports:

letter of comfort given on

behalf of subsidiaries and Joint venture

249.00

249.00

-

-

-

249.00

Contractual maturities of financial assets

The table below provides details regarding the contractual maturities of financial assets including estimated interest receipts as at

31st March 2022:

Particulars

Carrying

amount

upto 1 year

1-3 years

3-5 years

More than

5 years

Total

contracted

cash flows

Non-current financial assets

Other financial assets

134.76

-

59.56

-

75.20

134.76

Current financial assets

Trade receivables

3309.24

3309.24

-

-

-

3309.24

Advance to employees

10.63

10.63

-

-

-

10.63

Other receivables

76.60

76.60

-

-

-

76.60

The table below provides details regarding the contractual maturities of financial assets including estimated interest receipts as at

31st March 2021:

Particulars

Carrying

amount

upto 1 year

1-3 years

3-5 years

More than

5 years

Total

contracted

cash flows

Non-current financial assets

Other financial assets

134.53

-

63.33

-

71.20

134.53

Current financial assets

Trade receivables

3177.16

3177.16

-

-

-

3177.16

Advance to employees

10.70

10.70

-

-

-

10.70

Other receivables

58.15

58.15

-

-

-

58.15

Maturity analysis of Derivative financial instruments

The following table details the Company’s maturity analysis for its derivative financial instruments. The table has been drawn up

based on the undiscounted estimated cash flows determined by reference to the projected market rates at the end of the reporting

period. A positive amount represents an anticipated cash inflow and a negative amount represents an anticipated cash outflow.

Currency

Contracts booked for

As at

31.03.2022

31.03.2021

Carrying

amount

Less than 1

year

1-3 years

Carrying

amount

Less than

1 year

1-3 years

USD

Import payment

-

-

-

-

-

-

EUR

Import payment

-

-

-

-

-

-

The note below sets out details of additional undrawn facilities that the Company has at its disposal to further reduce liquidity risk.

Company Overview

Financial Statements

Management Reports

Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements

For the year ended March 31, 2022 (in Indian Rupees million, unless otherwise stated):

Managing Director

[AN]

Mr. Sridharan Rangarajan, Director – Finance & Strategy (Effective from 1st July 2021)

[SR]

Other Related parties

Ambadi Investments Limited (Shareholder with significant influence and promoter holding more than 10%)

[AIL]

Parry Enterprises India Limited (Subsidiary of AIL)

[PEIL]

Parry Agro industries Limited (Subsidiary of AIL)

[PAL]

Carborundum Universal Employees Provident Fund

[CUEPF]

Retiral funds of Subsidiaries, Joint ventures, Associate and Other Related parties

* In July 2020, the Company’s wholly owned step down subsidiary, M/s. Thukela Refractories Isithebe Pty Limited, South Africa (TRIL),

(subsidiary of M/s. CUMI International Limited, Cyprus) ceased to be a step down subsidiary of the Company consequent to the

approval of its voluntary de-registration by the Companies and Intellectual Property Commission (CIPC), South Africa.

Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements

For the year ended March 31, 2022 (in Indian Rupees million, unless otherwise stated)

Company Overview

Financial Statements

Management Reports:

Letter of

Comfort/

Guarantee

issued/renewed

Subsidiaries

CAI

620.59

-

-

0.87

-

-

-

-

0.34

-

-

189.53

Net Access

1.46

-

10.00

-

-

25.62

-

-

5.23

-

-

-

Sterling

264.39

-

18.36

0.74

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Sedco

4.02

-

19.50

-

193.73

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

CAPL

397.44

3.08

56.32

0.13

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

CME

55.11

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Foskor

-

-

-

104.77

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

259.50

CIL

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

5974.75

-

CACCL

63.63

-

-

59.66

-

-

-

-

0.50

-

-

-

VAW

42.54

-

-

429.48

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

PLUSS

1.06

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

1149.24

-

CAAG

37.77

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

RAG

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

4656.30

Total

1488.01

3.08

104.18

595.65

193.73

25.62

-

-

6.07

-

7123.99

5105.33

Joint Ventures

MMTCL

18.30

-

114.46

15.52

-

-

-

-

5.01

-

-

-

Ciria

44.08

-

25.50

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

90.00

Total

62.38

-

139.96

15.52

-

-

-

-

5.01

-

-

90.00

Associate & its

subsidiaries

Wendt

30.67

-

30.00

22.20

-

-

5.52

-

2.64

-

-

-

WGTL

62.54

-

-

10.82

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Total

93.21

-

30.00

33.02

-

-

5.52

-

2.64

-

-

-

Other related parties

PEIL

-

-

-

-

-

10.05

-

-

-

-

-

-

CUEPF

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

145.61

-

-

Total

-

-

-

-

10.05

-

-

-

145.61

-

-

KMP

AN

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

19.17

-

-

-

-

SR

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

15.55

-

-

-

-

Total

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

34.72

-

-

-

-

Grand Total

1643.60

3.08

274.14

644.19

193.73

35.67

5.52

34.72

13.72

145.61

7123.99

5195.33

Company Overview

Financial Statements

Management Reports

Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements

For the year ended March 31, 2022 (in Indian Rupees million, unless otherwise stated):

Letter of comfort

/Guarantee

outstanding

Trade

and other

receivable

Deposit

outstanding

Payables: Letter of comfort

/Guarantee

outstanding*

Subsidiaries

CAI

248.10

-

0.87

189.53*

203.11

-

0.37

-

Net Access

0.06

-

1.73

-

1.30

-

1.44

-

Sterling

45.13

-

-

-

29.39

-

0.48

-

Sedco

0.28

-

18.29

-

1.52

-

17.42

-

CAPL

43.44

-

-

-

29.24

-

-

-

CME

33.68

-

-

-

37.06

-

0.58

-

Foskor

-

-

0.16

259.50*

-

-

-

249.00

CACCL

48.88

-

0.22

-

70.41

-

8.29

-

VAW

30.59

-

120.74

-

3.87

-

92.40

-

CAAG

37.84

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

RAG

-

-

-

4656.30#

-

-

-

-

Total

488.00

-

142.01

5105.33

375.90

-

120.98

249.00

Joint Ventures

MMTCL

5.36

-

1.07

-

6.50

-

1.73

-

Ciria

11.83

-

-

90.00*

11.24

-

-

-

Total

17.19

-

1.07

90.00

17.74

-

1.73

-

Associate & its subsidiaries

Wendt

20.13

1.00

3.77

-

26.73

1.00

7.92

-

WGTL

4.09

-

-

-

4.48

-

1.33

-

Total

24.22

1.00

3.77

-

31.21

1.00

9.25

-

Other related parties

PEIL

-

-

2.54

-

-

-

0.16

-

CUEPF

-

-

12.43

-

-

-

12.01

-

Total

-

-

14.97

-

-

-

12.17

-

KMP@

AN

-

-

4.83

-

-

-

3.97

-

SR

-

-

4.05

-

-

-

-

-

Total

-

-

8.88

-

-

-

3.97

-

Grand Total

529.41

1.00

170.69

5195.33

424.85

1.00

148.10

249.00

Transactions with related parties in the nature of sale of goods, rendering of services, purchase of goods, procurement of services are at arm’s length price.

*Issued towards availment of banking facilities by the respective entities.

# Issued towards purchase price payment obligations of RAG

@Incentive payable to Managing

Managing Director

Sridharan Rangarajan

Director - Finance & Strategy

Rekha Surendhiran

Company Secretary

Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements

For the year ended March 31, 2022 (in Indian Rupees million, unless otherwise stated)

Company Overview

Financial Statements

Management Reports:

