Managing Director of the Company for a period of five

years w.e.f. September 19, 2022 to September 18,

2027, not liable to retire by rotation.

Resolved Further That the Board be and is hereby

authorized to execute all such documents and do

all acts, deeds and things which are necessary or

desirable in order to give effect to the aforesaid

resolution including, but not limited to, making

applications, reporting and filing of requisite forms with

the Registrar of Companies and any other authorities

as may be required.

8. To approve the remuneration payable to Mr.

Nikhil Nanda (DIN: 00043432) pursuant to

his re-appointment as: Managing

Managing Director of the Company, not liable to retire

by rotation, for a period of 5 (Five) years, effective from

May 13, 2022 till May 12, 2027.

Resolved Further That the Board be and is hereby

authorized to execute all such documents and do

all acts, deeds and things which are necessary or

desirable in order to give effect to the aforesaid

resolution including, but not limited to, making

applications, reporting and filing of requisite forms with

the Registrar of Companies and any other authorities

as may be required.”

Compensation Committee and approved by the Board

from time to time, subject to a maximum of 250%

(Two Hundred and Fifty Percent) of the Basic Salary

(in terms of paragraph (A) above).

C. Performance Linked Incentive/ Commission

As per the Company’s policy and/ or as may be

recommended by the Nomination, Remuneration and

Compensation Committee and approved by the Board,

subject to a maximum of upto 1% of adjusted net profits

(PBT) with cap of max 125% of Fixed Pay (Basic plus

Perquisites, Allowances & Retirals plus Benefits)

D. Sitting fees

The: Managing

Managing Director of the Company for a period of five

years w.e.f. May 13, 2022 to May 12, 2027, as per the

following detailed terms and conditions:

A. Basic Salary

` 4,01,093/- per month with such increments as may

be decided by the Board of Directors of the Company

from time to time (“Board” which term shall be

deemed to include any Committee thereof, including

the ‘Nomination, Remuneration and Compensation

Committee’ of the Board) in the scale of ` 4 lacs per

month to ` 10 lacs per month. In addition to this,

Mr. Seiji Fukuoka will also be paid salary in Japan by

Kubota Corporation in his japanese bank account.

B. Perquisites, Allowances, Retirals & Other

Benefits, Reimbursements and Earned Leave

As per the Company’s policy and/ or as may be

recommended by the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee and approved by the Board from time to

time subject to a maximum of 200% (Two Hundred

Percent) of the Basic Salary (in term of paragraph (A)

above.

Additionally, the company will also bear the applicable

taxes arising in India as per the provisions of Income-

tax Act, 1961.

C. Performance Linked Incentive/ Commission

As per the Company’s policy and/ or as may be

recommended by the Nomination, Remuneration and

Compensation Committee and approved by the Board,

subject to a maximum of 100% of annual Fixed Pay

(Basic plus Perquisites, Allowances & Retirals plus

Benefits)

D. Sitting fees

Mr. Seiji Fukuoka, as long as he functions as Whole Time

Director, Designated as Deputy: Managing

letter duly signed by the 1st shareholder,

providing the email address, mobile number, self-

attested copy of PAN and Client Master copy in case

shares are held in electronic form or copy of the share

certificate in case shares are held in physical form, to

enable KFIN to temporarily register their email address

and mobile number so as to enable the Company to

issue the Notice of the AGM, the Annual Report of

the Company for the financial year 2021-22 and the

e-voting instructions along with the User ID and

Password, through electronic mode.

However, Members holding shares in electronic form,

will have to once again register their email address and

mobile number with their DPs, to permanently update

the said information.

In case of any queries, in this regard, Members are

requested to write to einward.ris@kfintech.com or

evoting@kfintech.com or contact KFIN at toll free

number: 1800-309-4001.

15. The Register of Members and Share Transfer Books of

the Company will remain closed from July 2, 2022 to

July 14, 2022 (both days inclusive) for the purpose of

payment of dividend.

The Board recommended the Final Dividend @ 70%

per share i.e. ` 7.00/- per equity share payable on all

outstanding shares, other than Shares held by Escorts

Benefit & Welfare Trust (Treasury Shares), subject to

the approval of shareholders at the ensuing AGM.

The dividend proposed shall be paid within 30 days

from the date of declaration.

The dividend after deduction of tax at source, if

declared at the AGM, would be paid/ dispatched to

those persons or their mandates:

a)

whose names appear as beneficial owners as at

the end of the business hours on July 1, 2022 in

the list of beneficial owners to be furnished by

National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL)

and Central Depository Services (India) Limited

(CDSL) in respect of the shares held in electronic

mode; and

b)

whose names appear as members in the Register

of Members of the Company/ RTA after giving

effect to valid share transmission/ transposition

in physical form lodged with the Company on or

before July 1, 2022.

16. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”)

has made it mandatory for all companies to use the

8

Escorts Kubota Limited:

Letter etc., together

with attested specimen signature(s) of the duly

authorised representative(s), to the Scrutinizer

at email pcs.jga@gmail.com with a copy marked

to evoting@kfintech.com. The scanned image of

the above mentioned documents should be in the

naming format “Escorts Kubota Limited Event

No.”

12

Escorts Kubota Limited:

Managing Director (MD) of the Company

since 2007 and was re-appointed in 2017 for a period of

five years, and his present term shall expire on September

18, 2022.

Mr. Nikhil Nanda is responsible for business diversification,

business process re-engineering and organizational

development of the Company and has contributed

significantly to the overall performance and growth of the

Company.

In recognition of his valuable contribution, the Nomination,

Remuneration and Compensation Committee (NRC) has

considered it appropriate to recommend his re-appointment,

for a period commencing from September 19, 2022 and

ending on September 18, 2027 (“Proposed Term”), to

the Board, on the terms and conditions, including the

remuneration as given in the Item No. 7 and 8 of the Notice.

16

Escorts Kubota Limited:

Managing Director is subject

to the approval of members of the Company and Central

Government and other necessary approval(s), as may be

required, under the applicable laws. However, remuneration

is subject to approval of the members and other necessary

approval(s), as may be required, under the applicable laws.

In this regard, the Company has received all statutory

disclosures/ declarations/ consent from Mr. Seiji Fukuoka

and he, being a Foreign National and a Non-Resident of

India also satisfies all the conditions set out in Part-I of

Schedule V to the Act except clause (e) of Part I of Schedule

V of the Act. Hence, the appointment of Mr. A as the Whole-

time Director of the Company is subject to the approval of

Central Government . He has also satisfied all the conditions

as set out under subsection (3) of Section 196 of the Act

for being eligible for his appointment. He is not disqualified

from being appointed as a Director in terms of Section 164

of the Act. Your directors feel that his continued presence

in the deliberations of the Board would be beneficial for the

Company’s growth.

The above may be treated as a written memorandum setting

out the terms of appointment of Mr. Seiji Fukuoka under

Section 190 of the Act.

Details of Mr. Seiji Fukuoka are provided in the “Annexure-I”

to the Notice, pursuant to the provisions of (i) SEBI Listing

Regulations and (ii) Secretarial Standard on General

Meetings (“SS-2”), issued by the Institute of Company

Secretaries of India.

Mr. Seiji Fukuoka, being appointee, is directly interested in

the resolution. Relatives of Mr. Seiji Fukuoka and Mr. Dai

Watanabe, Mr. Yuji Tomiyama and Mr. Shiro Watanabe,

being nominee of M/s Kubota Corporation, may also be

17

Notice:

letter of appointment of Mr. Manish Sharma

setting out the terms and conditions of appointment is

available electronically for inspection by the Members.

Mr. Manish Sharma is interested in the resolution set out at

Item No. 17 of the Notice with regard to his appointment.

Relatives of Mr. Manish Sharma may be deemed to be

interested in the resolution to the extent of their shareholding

interest, if any, in the Company.

Save and except the above, none of the other Directors/ Key

Managerial Personnel of the Company / their relatives are, in

any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise,

in the resolution.

This statement may also be regarded as an appropriate

disclosure under the Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations.

The Board commends the Special Resolution set out at Item

No. 17 of the Notice for approval by the Members.

By Order of the Board of Directors

For Escorts Kubota Limited

Sd/-

Place: Faridabad

Satyendra Chauhan

Date: June 20, 2022

Company Secretary &

Compliance Officer

20

Escorts Kubota Limited:

letter head of having no Permanent Establishment in India, Beneficial ownership of shares

and eligibility to claim treaty benefits (as per Appendix-1 to this Communication).

b.

In case the dividend is payable to ‘Specified Fund’ referred to in [Clause (c) of Explanation to Section 10(4D)],

TDS rate would be 10% (plus applicable surcharge and cess). The reduced rate of TDS would be subject to the

availability of requisite documents demonstrating that the person is covered under the aforesaid category of

‘Specified Fund’.

ii.

Any entity entitled to exemption from TDS: Valid self-attested \documentary evidence (e.g. relevant copy of

registration, notification, order, etc. by Indian tax authorities) in support of the entity being entitled to exemption

from TDS needs to be submitted.

29

Notice:

letter head of having no Permanent Establishment in India, Beneficial ownership of shares

and eligibility to claim treaty benefits (as per Appendix-1 to this communication).

c)

TDS is required to be deducted at the rate prescribed in valid lower tax withholding certificate issued u/s 197 of

the IT Act, if such valid certificate is provided.

Details and/or documents as mentioned above in Section 1 and Section 2, as applicable to the Member, need to be sent,

duly completed and signed, through registered email address of the Member with PAN being mentioned in the subject

of the email to reach einward.ris@kfintech.com by July 6, 2022. Please note that no communication this regard, shall

be accepted post July 6, 2022. Members can also upload the soft copy of the documents duly completed and signed

using the following url: https://ris.kfintech.com/form15/.

Section 3: Other general information for the Members:-

I.

For all self-attested documents, Members must mention on the document “certified true copy of the original”. For all

documents being sent/accepted by email, the Member undertakes to send the original document/s on the request by

the Company.

II.

In case, the dividend income is assessable to tax in the hands of a person other than the registered Member as on the

Book Closure Date, the registered Member is required to furnish a declaration containing the name, address, PAN of

the person to whom TDS credit is to be given and reasons for giving credit to such person by July 11, 2022.

III.

TDS deduction certificate will be sent to the Members’ registered email address in due course.

IV. Section 206AB has been introduced by the Finance Act, 2021, whereby TDS will be higher of the following:

a.

Twice the rate specified in the relevant provision of the Income-tax Act; or

b.

Twice the rate or rates in force; or

c.

the rate of five per cent;

in case a person has not filed his/her Return of Income for the last preceding financial year and the aggregate of tax

deducted at source in his/her case is ` 50,000 or more in the preceding financial years.

Application of TDS rate is subject to necessary due diligence and verification by the Company of the shareholder details

as available in register of Members on the Book Closure Date, documents, information available in public domain, etc.

In case of ambiguous, incomplete or conflicting information, or the valid information/documents not being provided,

the Company will arrange to deduct tax at the maximum applicable rate.

V.

In the event of any income tax demand (including interest, penalty, etc.) arising from any misrepresentation, inaccuracy or

omission of information provided / to be provided by the Member/s, such Member/s will be responsible to indemnify the

Company and also, provide the Company with all information/documents and co-operation in any appellate proceedings.

Note:

Above communication on TDS sets out the provisions of law in a summary manner only and does not purport to be a complete

analysis or listing of all potential tax consequences. Shareholders should consult with their own tax advisors for the tax

provisions applicable to their particular circumstances.

30

Escorts Kubota Limited:

Managing Director

20

Executive Director’s Message

22

Leadership Speak

28

Business Model

30

Operating Context

34

Strategic Priorities

and Progress

36

Stakeholder Engagement

114

Directors’ Report

132

Report on Corporate

Governance

162

Business Responsibility and

Sustainability Report

186

Standalone Financial

Statements

272

Consolidated Financial

Statements

Corporate

Snapshot

Company Overview

Management’s

Insight

Management Discussion

and Analysis

Creating Value for our Stakeholders

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

4-13

14-29

94-113

30-51

114-185

186-370

86

Board of Directors

91

Leadership Team

Governance

88-95

50

Financial Capital

52

Manufactured Capital

54

Intellectual Capital

58

Natural Capital

66

Social Capital and Relationship

Capital

72

Human Capital

Capitals that

Empower Us

52-87

More information at

www.escortsgroup.com

Page 14

Escorts Kubota Limited is

a starting point of a very

exciting future ahead of

us. It is also a reflection

of the ideology of our

founder’s vision – to bring

the world’s best to India

(Kubota’s technology

and processes) and offer

India’s best (Escorts frugal

engineering strength) to

the world through Kubota’s

global presence. Together,

we will leverage each

other’s strengths—be it in

technology, market access

both in India and globally,

manufacturing processes

and engineering excellence

– to significantly enhance

the value created for our

stakeholders.

Nikhil Nanda

Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director

Committed to spreading

prosperity, impacting lives

and sustainable growth

Nikhil Nanda

Chairman and: Managing

Dear shareholders,

I am proud and

delighted to present to

you our 76th Integrated

Annual Report.

We are committed to

spread prosperity and

impact lives of millions

in India and across the

globe.

Today we are witnessing some

challenging times in the world,

from unprecedented inflationary

pressures, to concerns around timely

availability of supply chain and

logistics issues. Also, intermittent

COVID-19 continued its impact

across the globe with various

disruptions to business and caused

social and economic disruption and

lockdowns in some parts of the

world, adding to the supply chain

challenges, and fuelling further to

cost pressures.

While we are learning from this

new order of doing business in

this new environment or as we

call it the new normal, the most

important responsibility for us as an

organisation is to ensure the health of

our people, and Escorts Kubota will

always put priority towards safety

and wellbeing of our employees,

partners, customers, and community

at large.

The long-term prospects for India’s

journey as an emerging economy is

very bright, I do personally believe

that we will continue to grow in

all aspects towards economic

prosperity and emerge as one of the

top economies of the world soon. I

believe that this decade is a decade

for India, and we find ourselves very

fortunate to play our humble role

towards farm mechanisation and

contribute towards socio-economic

development and help modernise the

future of agriculture, infrastructure,

and railways. For us to be future

ready, it’s extremely important for

us and our stakeholder ecosystem,

to align and put robust processes

towards achieving good financial

health and customer delivery

experiences. Today’s world is for only

the fittest and we must ensure this

mindset is in our stakeholders too.

In my last year reporting, I spoke

about leveraging national and

global opportunities in agriculture

and infrastructure. Food and Agri

business which forms a $5 trillion

global industry and is only getting

bigger. To participate in this big

opportunity, it is essential we are

prepared internally in all aspects.

With the exciting opportunity ahead

of us, we wanted to ensure your

Company is in the best position

to take advantage of this growth

and alongside our responsibility to

institutionalise it.

I am delighted that our partnership

with Kubota will help us to achieve

just that. I personally have great

admiration for Kubota and their

growth story in past years in many

countries. Our shared values and

common goals brought us together to

integrate our mission.

Turning a New Chapter.

Institutionalising Escorts Kubota

Limited

Escorts Kubota Limited is a starting

point of a very exciting future ahead

of us. It is also a reflection of the

ideology of our founder’s vision –

to bring the world’s best to India

(Kubota’s technology and processes)

and offer India’s best (Escorts frugal

engineering strength) to the world

through Kubota’s global presence.

The collaboration stands committed

to providing advanced farm

mechanisation solutions to address

global food security and enhanced

farm productivity needs.

Together, we will leverage each

other’s strengths—be it in

technology, market access both in

India and globally, manufacturing

processes and engineering excellence

– to significantly enhance the value

created for our stakeholders.

The collaboration will look into new

opportunities of growth, creating

joint R&D facility for innovation

and cutting-edge technologies,

creating a culture of performance and

excellence, expanding capacity and

15

Company Overview

Management Discussion and Analysis

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Integrated Annual Report 2021-22:

Managing Director

16

Escorts Kubota Limited

Committed to Spreading Prosperity. Impacting Lives.:

Managing Director

18

Escorts Kubota Limited

Committed to Spreading Prosperity. Impacting Lives.:

Managing Director

19

Company Overview

Management Discussion and Analysis

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Integrated Annual Report 2021-22:

Dear shareholders,

Escorts has demonstrated

unmatched resilience in

the face of the pandemic,

remaining focussed on

delivering consistent value to

all our stakeholders through

a turbulent and uncertain

year. We prioritised the

health and wellbeing of our

stakeholders, taking necessary

and appropriate measures

to support our employees,

customers and partners among

other stakeholders.

20

Escorts Kubota Limited

Committed to Spreading Prosperity. Impacting Lives.:

Managing Director

Ms. Vibha Paul Rishi

Independent Director

Mr. Shailendra Agrawal

Executive Director

Mr. Hardeep Singh

Non-Executive Director

Dr. Sutanu Behuria

Independent Director

Mr. Sunil Kant Munjal

Independent Director

Mr. P.H. Ravikumar

Independent Director

Ms. Nitasha Nanda

Whole Time Director

Ms. Tanya Dubash

Independent Director

C

M

M

M

C

M

M

M

M

M

C

M

M

C

C

M

M

M

M

M

M

M

86

Escorts Kubota Limited

Committed to Spreading Prosperity. Impacting Lives.:

Managing Director)

Mr. Kenichiro Toyofuku

Independent Director

Mr. Dai Watanabe

Non-Executive Director

Mr. Shiro Watanabe

Non-Executive Director

Mr. Yuji Tomiyama

Non-Executive Director

Mr. Ravindra Chandra Bhargava

Independent Director

C

M

Audit Committee

Nomination, Remuneration and

Compensation Committee

Stakeholder’s and Relationship Committee

Corporate Social Responsibility

Committee

Risk Management Committee

Chairman

Member

87

Company Overview

Management Discussion and Analysis

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Integrated Annual Report 2021-22:

Managing Director

Mr. Nanda joined Escorts Board in

1997 and assumed responsibility as

Chairman &: Managing Director in 2018.

He has led the transformative journey

of the Company to profitable growth

and global reach through innovation,

strategic planning, and technology

collaborations. He has played a

central role in leveraging Escorts’

inherent capabilities to strengthen its

position as a company dedicated to

frugal engineering.

Escorts has introduced a series of

innovative products that demonstrate

excellence in manufacturing quality,

market intelligence and enhanced

customer value across India and global

emerging economies and has evolved

from being a product-led company to

an innovation and technology-driven

brand that crafts customer-centric

solutions for enhanced productivity.

Under his leadership, Escorts Limited

has strengthened its partnership with

Kubota Corporation by institutionalising

Escorts Kubota Limited.

Kubota Corporation Japan, as part

of their recent acquisition of equity

stake in the Company resulting in

them becoming a joint promoter

in the Company, have agreed with

Mr. Nanda to avail his experience

and expertise for expanding their

agri-based business in India and

globally for manufacture of value-

based tractors, to provide him

the honorary positions of Senior

Managing Executive Officer and

General manager of Value-Innovative

Farm and Industrial Machinery

Strategy and Operations in Kubota

Corporation, Japan.

He was among the five Indians

selected as the Global Leaders of

Tomorrow for the year 2001, by the

World Economic Forum, Geneva.

He is a member of CII’s National

Council; Federation of Indian

Chambers of Commerce and Industry

(FICCI); Indo American Chambers of

Commerce (IACC); Young President’s

Organization (YPO). He is one of the

few business leaders chosen by the

government to represent India at the

Indo-Spain CEOs Forum.

He has been conferred upon the

prestigious recognition of “Best CEO-

Auto & Auto Ancillaries” by Business

Today for October 2019 – September

2020 period.

He holds Baccalaureate Degree,

Bachelor of Business Administration

from The Wharton Business School,

University of Pennsylvania, class

of 1995.

Mr. Hardeep Singh

Non-Executive Director

Mr. Singh is a graduate in Economics

from Pune University and an alumnus

of Kellogg School of Management.

He has rich experience of holding top

managerial positions in leading Indian

and foreign companies. Mr. Singh was

the Former Executive

Managing Director)

Mr. Fukuoka entered into Kubota

Corporation in 1993 and was

working for Kubota for ~30 years

across various business divisions in

Japan. Between 2018 and 2021, he

was a General Manager of the Tractor

Business Administration and Control

Department and was transferred to

Escorts Ltd.

Mr. Shiro Watanabe

Non-Executive Director

Mr. Watanabe completed his

education in March 1988 as a

bachelor in the Department of

Agriculture, Kobe University. He

joined Kubota Corporation in April

1988 and is currently holding the

position of Executive Officer of

Kubota Corporation.

Mr. Ravindra Chandra Bhargava

Independent Director

Mr. Bhargava joined the Indian

Administrative Service in 1956,

based on an All-India competitive

examination and secured the

number one position in India. He

joined Maruti Udyog Limited, soon

after its incorporation in 1981 as

Director (Marketing and Sales). Mr.

Bhargava was appointed as the: Managing Director (CEO) in 1985.

He continued this post till he retired

in 1997. He was re-inducted to the

Board in 2003 when the Company

was listed. He was appointed as the

Non-Executive

Managing Director

Mr. Shenu Agarwal

President - Agri Machinery and

Construction Equipment

Mr. Ankur Dev

Chief Executive – Railway Business

Mr. Shailendra Agrawal

Executive Director

Mr. Ajay Mandahr

CEO – Agri Business, India

Mr. Amit Singhal

Group Chief Human Resource Officer

& Dy. Corporate Head

Mr. Bharat Madan

President Finance, Group Chief

Financial Officer and Corporate Head

Mr. Sanjeev Bajaj

Chief Executive – Construction

Business, India

Leadership Team

91

Company Overview

Management Discussion and Analysis

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Integrated Annual Report 2021-22:

Managing Director

Background: He holds Baccalaureate

Degree, Bachelor of Business

Administration from The Wharton

Business School, University of

Pennsylvania, class of 1995.

He joined Escorts Board in 1997 and

assumed responsibility as Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

Disclaimer

Note: The ‘forward-looking statements’ that are part of the Management Discussion and Analysis on economic

indicators is based on our best estimate of the current environment. This may be subject to change based on external

macro-economic factors that are beyond our control, including but not limited to raw material availability and prices,

cyclical demand and pricing in the Company’s principal markets, changes in government regulations, tax, and economic

policies, among others.

Geographic revenue mix

(%)

Domestic

93

Exports

7

Segment-wise revenue mix

(%)

EAM

77

ECE

14

RED

9

113

Corporate Overview

Management Discussion and Analysis

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Integrated Annual Report 2021-22:

letter as required under

Regulation 37 of the SEBI Listing Regulations.

Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

115

Corporate Overview

Management Discussion and Analysis

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements:

letter for two

more Nominee Directors from Kubota Corporation ( Kubota),

pursuant to the terms of the Shareholders’ Agreement (SHA)

dated November 18, 2021, executed among and between

the Company, Kubota, EBWT and the Specified Promoters

(as specified in SHA), for appointment of following person

as Directors of the Company :

a.

Mr. Seiji Fukuoka – Whole Time Director to be

designated as Deputy: Managing

Managing Director, not liable to retire

by rotation, for a period of 5 years w.e.f. September 19,

2022, for shareholders approval.

The Company has received declarations from all

Independent Directors of the Company that they meet the

criteria of independence as prescribed under subsection (6)

of Section 149 of the Act and under Regulation 16 and 25

of SEBI Listing Regulations and there has been no change

in the circumstances affecting their status as independent

director of the Company. The Company has also received

a declaration from all the independent directors that they

have registered their names in the independent director data

bank and pass/ exempt requisite proficiency test conducted

by Ministry of Corporate Affairs.

The policy on Appointment and Removal of Director’s

and Members of Senior Management was reviewed and

amended by the Board at its meeting held on May 13, 2022.

The said policy is annexed as Annexure – A and forms an

integral part of this Report.

Annual performance evaluation of the Board, its committees

and individual directors (including independent directors)

pursuant to the provisions of the Act and the Corporate

Governance requirements under SEBI Listing Regulations

have been carried out. In accordance with the Policy, a

process was followed by the Board for evaluation of its own

performance and its committees and individual Directors

including independent directors.

The remuneration policy for directors, key managerial

personnel, senior management and other employees was

reviewed and amended by the Board at its meeting held on

May 13, 2022. The said policy is annexed as Annexure – B

and forms an integral part of this Report.

The Company has devised a process whereby various

presentations/ programs are being conducted to familiarise

the Directors with various developments at Industry

level, new business initiatives and organisation strategies

etc. The details of programme for familiarisation of

Independent Directors with the Company, their roles, rights,

responsibilities in the Company, nature of industry in which

the Company operates, business model of the Company and

related matters are put up on the website of the Company

– www.escortsgroup.com.

The Company recognises and embraces the importance of

a diverse board in its success. Your Company believes that

a truly diverse board will leverage differences in thought,

perspective, knowledge, skill, regional and industry

experience, cultural and geographical background, age,

ethnicity, race and gender, which will help it retain its

competitive advantage.

The brief resumes and other details relating to the Directors

who are proposed to be appointed/ re-appointed, as required

to be disclosed as per the provisions of the SEBI Listing

Regulations/ secretarial standard is given in the Annexure

to the Notice of the 76th AGM.

Conservation of Energy, Technology Absorption,

Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo

The particulars relating to conservation of energy,

technology absorption, foreign exchange earnings and

outgo, as required to be disclosed under Section 134(3)(m)

of the Act read with Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 are

provided as Annexure – C and forms an integral part of this

Report.

Corporate Governance

Corporate Governance is about maximising shareholders

value, ethically and sustainably. At Escorts the goal of

corporate governance is to ensure fairness for every

stakeholder. Your Company believes that strong corporate

governance is critical to enhancing and retaining investor

Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

117

Corporate Overview

Management Discussion and Analysis

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements:

letter from M/s. Walker

Chandiok & Co LLP, Chartered Accountants confirming

that their appointment, if made, would be within the limits

prescribed under Section 139 of the Act and that they are

not disqualified for such appointment within the meaning of

Section 141 of the Act, read with rules thereunder.

The comments given by M/s. Walker Chandiok & Co LLP,

Chartered Accountants, Statutory Auditors, in their report

read together with notes to Accounts for the FY ended

March 31, 2022 are self-explanatory and hence, do not call

for any further explanations or comments under Section 134

of the Act.

Pursuant to provisions of the Section 143(12) of the Act

neither the statutory auditors nor Secretarial auditors nor

Cost Auditors have reported any incident of fraud to the

Audit Committee or the Board during the year under review.

Cost Auditors

Pursuant to the Section 148 of the Act read with rules

thereunder, your Company is required to maintain the cost

records and the said cost records are required to be audited.

Accordingly, maintaining of cost records is applicable to the

Company and the Company is maintaining all the aforesaid

cost records.

The Board of Directors, on the recommendation of Audit

Committee, has re-appointed M/s. Ramanath Iyer and Co.,

Cost Accountants (Firm Registration No. 000019), as Cost

Auditors of the Company for conducting the audit of cost

records for the financial year 2022‑23.

The due date of filing the Cost Audit Report for the year

ended on March 31, 2021 was September 30, 2021 and the

same had been filed on August 27, 2021.

Secretarial Auditors

The Board had appointed M/s. Jayant Gupta and Associates,

Practicing Company Secretaries, as Secretarial Auditors to

conduct secretarial audit of the Company for the financial

year 2021-22.

The Secretarial Audit Report of the Company as prescribed

under Section 204 of the Act is annexed herewith as

Annexure – G and forms an integral part of this Report.

The Secretarial Audit report does not contain any

qualification, reservation and adverse remarks and the

comments given by the Secretarial Auditors in their report

are self-explanatory and hence, do not call for any further

explanations or comments under Section 204(3) of the Act.

The Board has also re-appointed M/s. Jayant Gupta and

Associates, Practicing Company Secretaries to conduct

secretarial audit of the Company for the FY 2022-23.

Risk Management

The Risk Management Committee of the Board has been

entrusted with the responsibility to assist the Board in (a)

Overseeing and approving the Company’s enterprise wide

risk management framework; and (b) Overseeing that all

the risks that the organisation faces such as strategic,

financial, credit, market, liquidity, security, property, IT, legal,

Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

119

Corporate Overview

Management Discussion and Analysis

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements:

Managing Director nor the Whole Time

Directors of the Company receive any remuneration or

commission from any of its subsidiaries.

4.

No significant or material orders were passed by the

Regulators or Courts or Tribunals which impact the

going concern status and Company’s operations in

future. However, members attention is drawn to note

32 in the notes to accounts in the standalone financial

statement and to note 33 in the notes to accounts in

the consolidated financial statement which sets out

information on Commitments and Contingencies.

5.

Details of difference between amount of valuation done

at the time of one time settlement and the valuation

done while taking loan from the Banks or Financial

Institutions along with the reasons thereof.

Acknowledgement

Your Directors would like to express their sincere

appreciation of the positive co-operation received from

the Central Government, the Government of Haryana and

Karnataka, Financial Institutions and the Company’s Bankers,

Customers, Dealers and all other business associates.

The Directors also wish to place on record their deep

sense of appreciation for the commitment displayed by all

executives, officers, workers, employee unions and staff of

the Company resulting in the successful performance of the

Company during the year.

The Board also takes this opportunity to express its deep

gratitude for the continued co-operation and support

received from its valued shareholders.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Sd/-

Place: Faridabad

Nikhil Nanda

Date: May 13, 2022

Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director,: Managing

Managing Director of Escorts shall determine the

selection criteria applicable for each position at

the Board level (“Director Selection Criteria”).

(b) For the positions of Whole Time Directors and

based on the applicable Selection Criteria, the

NRC in consultation with the Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director

of Escorts for the appointment of: (i) Directors on the

Board, and (ii) persons at the Senior Management

positions, shall at all times be in accordance with

the provisions of the Articles of Association of the

Company.

5.

Appointment Procedure

(i)

Every Director shall be appointed/ re-appointed by

Escorts at a Board or a General Meeting in accordance

with the provisions of the Articles of Association of

the Company, and as per the requirements of the

Companies Act, 2013, the SEBI LODR, or any other

applicable laws.

(ii)

No person shall be appointed/ re-appointed as a

Director of Escorts unless he/she has been allotted the

Director Identification Number (DIN) and he furnishes

to Escorts a declaration to the effect that he is not

disqualified to become a Director under the provisions

of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules made there

under or under any other law for the time being in force

and files consent to hold the office as Director.

(iii) No person shall be appointed as a Director whose name

appears in the list of willful defaulters published by the

Reserve Bank of India.

(iv) The NRC shall ensure that the appointment/ re-

appointment of Directors of Escorts is as per the terms

of this Policy and recommendations of candidates are

made to the Board for appointment.

6.

Term/ Tenure

(i): Managing

letter of appointment to the

person appointed as a Director of Escorts. The: letter of

appointment to be issued to the Independent

Managing Director

in consultation with their reporting managers and

Company’s HR. The Board, on the recommendation

of the NRC, shall also review and approve the

remuneration payable to the Key Managerial Personnel

of the Company.

(v) Employees must conduct themselves to ensure that no

breach of Code of Conduct, Escorts Code of conduct for

prevention of Insider trading or such other code as may

be applicable from time to time, Standard Operating

Procedures (SOPs) and all other relevant and applicable

codes is committed. Any such breach will have a direct

bearing on their performance appraisal and rewards

and shall also attract appropriate disciplinary action.

6.

Disclosures in the Board’s Report

(i)

The disclosures as required under the relevant

provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, rules made

thereunder and SEBI LODR shall be made with regard

to the remuneration details of the Directors, KMPs,

Senior Management and other employees.

(ii)

This Policy shall be uploaded on the website of the

Company.

7.

Policy review

(i)

This Policy may be amended, modified or supplemented

from time to time to ensure compliance with any

modification, amendment or supplementation to the

Companies Act, 2013, rules made thereunder, the

SEBI LODR, the Securities and Exchange Board of

India Act, 1992, and rules/ regulations/ guidelines

made thereunder, the Memorandum and Articles of

Association of the Company or as may be otherwise

prescribed by the Board from time to time.

(ii)

The NRC may issue/ implement such guidelines,

procedures, formats and/ or reporting mechanisms to

enforce this Policy as it may deem fit.

128

Escorts Kubota Limited

Committed to Spreading Prosperity. Impacting Lives.:

Managing Director

Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

131

Corporate Overview

Management Discussion and Analysis

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements:

Managing Director of

the Company is attached to this report.

• The Company recognise that sexual harassment

violates fundamental rights of gender equality, right to

life and liberty and right to work with human dignity as

guaranteed by the Constitution of India. To meet this

objective, measured have been taken to eliminate any

act of sexual harassment and to take penal action, if

required. The Company has taken initiatives to create

wide awareness amongst the employees about the

policy for prevention of sexual harassment.

• The Senior Management have made disclosure

to the Board confirming that there is no material,

financial and/or commercial transactions between

them and the Company, which could have potential

conflict of interest with the Company at large.

f) Directors attendance, directorships and memberships etc.

Attendance of Directors at Board Meetings, last Annual General Meeting (AGM) and number of other Directorship and

Chairmanship/Membership of the Committee of each Director in various Companies and shareholding in the Company:-

Name of

Director

Director

Identifica-

tion number

(DIN)

Category*

Directorship in

other listed entity &

Category

No. of Board

meetings during

the period from

01.04.2021 to

31.03.2022

Whether

attended

the last

AGM

held on

27.07.2021

No. of director-ships

held in other Public

Ltd Companies as on

31.03.2022(#)

No. of

committee

Memberships

/ (Chairman-

ships) held

in Public

Companies

(^) as on

31.03.2022

No. of

shares

held$

Held

Attended

Director-

ship

Chairman-

ship

Mr. Nikhil

Nanda

00043432

EPCMD

-

8

8

Y

2

1

-

12,03,091

Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

133

Corporate Overview

Management Discussion and Analysis

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements:

Managing Director, NENID- Non Executive Non Independent Director, NEID- Non Executive

Independent Director, WTD - Whole Time Director, ED - Executive Director, NEND- Non Executive Nominee Director.

(#) Including Escorts Limited but excluding private Limited Company, Section 8 Companies and Companies incorporated outside India.

(^) In accordance with Regulation 26, Membership/ Chairmanships of Audit Committees and Stakeholders’ Relationship Committees in all Public

Limited Companies (including Escorts Limited) have been considered.

$No Convertible instrument was held by directors.

% Mr. Dai Watanabe and Mr. Yuji Tomiyama are nominee directors of M/s Kubota Corporation

g) Key Board Qualifications, Expertise and Attributes

The Board comprises of qualified members who bring in the required skills, competence and expertise that allow them

to make effective contributions to the Board and its’ Committees. The Board members are committed to ensure highest

standards of corporate governance.

The table below provides the key qualifications, skills, expertise and attributes which are broadly taken into consideration

while nominating candidates to serve on the Board:

Details of Directors qualifications

Financial

Leadership of a financial firm or management of the finance function of an enterprise, resulting in proficiency in

complex financial management, capital allocation, and financial reporting processes, or experience in actively

supervising a principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller, public accountant, auditor or person

performing similar functions.

Leadership

Expended lead Expended leadership experience for a significant enterprise, resulting in a practical understanding

of organisations, processes, strategic planning, and risk management. Demonstrated strengths in developing

talent, planning succession, and driving change and long-term growth.

Mergers

and Acquisitions

A history of leading growth through acquisitions and other business combinations, with the ability to assess build

or buy decisions, analyse the fit of a target with the Company’s strategy and culture, accurately value transactions,

and evaluate operational integration plans.

Board service

and governance

Service on public company board to develop insights about maintaining board and management accountability,

protecting shareholder interests, and observing appropriate governance practices.

Sales and

Marketing

Experience in developing strategies to grow sales and market share, build brand awareness and equity, and

enhance enterprise reputation.

Digital/

Information

Technology

Use of digital/ Information Technology, ability to anticipate technological driven changes & disruption impacting

business and appreciation of the need of cyber security and controls across the organisation.

The Board is satisfied that the current composition reflects an appropriate mix of knowledge, skills, experience, diversity

and independence required for it to function effectively. The Board periodically evaluates the need for change in its

composition and size.

Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

135

Corporate Overview

Management Discussion and Analysis

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements:

letter.

99.9978 %

0.0022 %

b. To approve the change in the name of the Company

99.9972 %

0.0028 %

c. To approve the alteration to the Articles of Association of the Company

98.7567 %

1.2433%

d. To increase the limit of the maximum number of Directors i.e. up to 18

99.4745 %

0.5255 %

Mr. Jayant Gupta was appointed as Scrutinizer to

conduct the Postal Ballot process.

d) Procedure for postal ballot

The postal ballot was carried out as per the applicable

provisions of the Act read with the relevant rules and

circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs.

None of the business proposed to be conducted require

passing a special resolution through Postal Ballot.

XI Means of Communication

The Company has been sending Annual Report,

Notices and other communications to each shareholder

through E- mail, post and/or courier. However, owing to

COVID 19 Pandemic situation and in accordance with

circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs

(MCA) and Securities Exchange Board of India (SEBI)

Notice and Annual report for FY 2020-2021 and Postal

Ballot Notice during the FY 2021-2022 were sent to the

shareholder only through E- mail. Further, owing to the

continued pandemic situation and in terms of Circulars

of the MCA and SEBI, the notice and Annual Report

for the FY 2021-2022 are also being sent through E

mail only. Notice and Integrated Report shall also be

available on the website of the Company.

The quarterly/ annual results of the Company as per

the requirement of SEBI LODR, are generally published

in the Financial Express (English), Economic Times

(English), Mint (English), Rashtriya Sahara Hindi).

Quarterly and Financial Results, along with segment

reporting, if any, and quarterly shareholding pattern are

posted on the Company’s website www.escortsgroup.

com, and intimated to stock exchanges.

The presentation made to analysts and others including

official news release are also posted on the Company’s

website and intimated to stock exchanges. All

periodical and other fillings including the price sensitive

information, press release etc. are filled electronically

through NSE Electronic Application Processing System

(NEAPS), BSE Corporate Compliance and Listing

Centre (BSE Listing Centre) and are updated on the

Company’s website. Investor Complaints are redressed

through SEBI Complaints Redressal System (SCORES)

and updated on the Company’s website.

XII General Shareholder Information

a)

Annual General Meeting to be held for the FY

2021-2022

Date :

Thursday, July 14, 2022

Time :

12:00 Noon

Venue : Video Conferencing as set out in the Notice

convening the meeting Deemed Venue will

be the Registered Office of the Company.

b) Financial Calendar

The Financial year is April 01st to March 31st every year

and for the FY 2022‑2023, the financial results are

proposed to be declared as per the following tentative

schedule

Particulars

Schedule/Tentative

Date

Financial results for Quarter ended

30.06.2022

First fortnight of

August, 2022

Financial results for Quarter ended

30.09.2022

First fortnight of

November, 2022

Financial results for Quarter ended

31.12.2022

First fortnight of

February, 2023

Financial results for Quarter/ Year

ended 31.03.2023

Second Fortnight of

May, 2023

Annual General Meeting for the FY

ending March, 2023

July/August 2023.

c)

Cut off Date for e-voting

July 7, 2022 has been fixed as the cut‑off date to

record entitlement of the shareholder to cast their vote

electronically in the forthcoming AGM.

d) Book Closure

The Register of members and Share Transfer Books of

the Company will be closed from Saturday, July 2, 2022

to Thursday, July 14, 2022 (both days inclusive) for the

purpose of payment of Dividend for the FY 2021-22

and for the purpose of the 76th AGM.

142

Escorts Kubota Limited

Committed to Spreading Prosperity. Impacting Lives.:

Managing Director

of the Company.

2.

Shareholders’ rights: Half-yearly

financial performance and

summary of significant events

may be sent to each household

of shareholders.

The said information

is available on

Company’s website.

3.

Audit qualifications: The

Company may move towards the

regime of unqualified financial

statements.

Adopted

4.

Reporting of Internal Auditor

The Internal Auditors

reports to the Audit

Committee from time

to time.

XV Certificate on Corporate Governance

Pursuant to Schedule V of the SEBI LODR, the

certificate from practising Company Secretary on

Corporate Governance will be annexed hereinafter.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Sd/-

Place: Faridabad

Nikhil Nanda

Date: May 13, 2022

Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director of the Company, to the best of my knowledge and belief, declare that all

the members of the Board of Directors and Senior Management Personnel of the Company have affirmed compliance with

the Code of Conduct of the Company for the financial year ended March 31, 2022.

Sd/-

Nikhil Nanda

Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director and Group Chief

Financial Officer & Corporate Head of the Company give

annual certification to the Board on financial reporting and

internal controls in terms of Regulation 17 of SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 pertaining to CEO and CFO certification for the

financial year ended on March 31, 2022

To,

The Board of Directors

Escorts Limited

Dear Sir,

We, Nikhil Nanda, Chairman and: Managing Director and

Bharat Madan, President Finance, Group Chief Financial

Officer and Corporate Head, certify to the Board of Directors

that:

a)

We have reviewed financial statements and the cash

flow statement of Escorts Limited for the financial

year ended March 31, 2022 and that to the best of our

knowledge and belief:

i.

these statements do not contain any materially

untrue statement or omit any material fact or

contain statements that might be misleading;

ii.

these statements together present a true and

fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in

compliance with existing accounting standards,

applicable laws and regulations.

b)

There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no

transactions entered into by the Company during the

financial year which are fraudulent, illegal or violate of

the Company’s Code of Conduct.

c)

We accept responsibility for establishing and

maintaining internal controls for financial reporting

and we have evaluated the effectiveness of Company’s

internal control systems pertaining to financial reporting

and we have disclosed to the Auditors and the Audit

Committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of

such internal controls, if any, of which we are aware and

the steps we have taken or propose to take to rectify

these deficiencies.

d)

We have indicated to the Auditors and the Audit

Committee:

i.

significant changes in internal control over financial

reporting during the financial year;

ii.

significant changes in accounting policies during

the financial year and that the same have been

disclosed in the notes to the financial statements;

and

iii.

instances of significant fraud of which they have

become aware and the involvement therein, if

any, of the management or an employee having a

significant role in the Company’s internal control

system over financial reporting.

Sd/-

Sd/-

Place: Faridabad

Bharat Madan

Nikhil Nanda

Date: May 13, 2022

President Finance, Group Chief Financial

Officer & Corporate Head

Managing Director

3

3

3

Mr. Hardeep Singh

Member, Non-Executive Director

3

3

4

Mrs. Vibha Paul Rishi

Member, Independent Director

3

3

5

Mr. P.H. Ravikumar

Member, Independent Director

3

3

6

Ms. Tanya Dubash

Member, Independent Director

3

1

3.

Web-link where Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by the board

are disclosed on the website of the Company.

(i)

Composition of CSR Committee: https://www.escortsgroup.com/investors/governance.html

(ii)

CSR Policy: https://www.escortsgroup.com/investors/governance.html

(iii) CSR Projects: https://www.escortsgroup.com/investors/governance.html

4. Impact assessment of CSR projects carried out in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 8 of the Companies

(Corporate Social responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, if applicable (attach the report):

Not Applicable

5.

Details of the amount available for set off in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 7 of the Companies

(Corporate Social responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 and amount required for set off for the financial

year, if any

Sl.

No.

Financial Year

Amount available for set-off from preceding

financial years (` in crores)

Amount required to be set-off for the financial year,

if any (` in crores)

NIL

Annual Report on Corporate Social Responsibility

(CSR) Activities

Annexure – E

to the Directors’ Report

Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

151

Corporate Overview

Management Discussion and Analysis

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements:

Managing Director

Chairperson of CSR Committee

DIN: 00043432

DIN: 00032660

Place: Faridabad

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 13, 2022

Date: May 13, 2022

Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

155

Corporate Overview

Management Discussion and Analysis

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements:

Managing Director

Form No. AOC-2

Annexure – F

to the Directors’ Report

{Pursuant to clause (h) of sub-section (3) of Section 134 of the Act and Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014}

156

Escorts Kubota Limited

Committed to Spreading Prosperity. Impacting Lives.:

letter;

b.

Change in name of the Company;

c.

Alteration of Articles of Association of the

Company;

d.

Increase of maximum number of directors which

may be appointed on the Board of Directors of the

Company to 18 (Eighteen);

e.

Related party transactions with Kubota

Corporation, Japan and its subsidiaries and group

companies.

V.

During the financial year, Escorts Skill Development

(a Section 8 Company) became a Wholly Owned

Subsidiary of the Company upon acquisition of entire

shareholding of Escorts Skill Development by the

Company.

VI. During the financial year, Escorts Securities Limited

ceased to be a subsidiary of the Company with effect

from February 14, 2022.

VII. The Company made allotment of 93,63,726 (Ninety

Three Lacs Sixty Three Thousand Seven Hundred and

Twenty Six) Equity Shares of face value of ` 10 (Indian

Rupees Ten Only) each at a premium of ` 1,990 (Indian

158

Escorts Kubota Limited

Committed to Spreading Prosperity. Impacting Lives.:

letter of even date which is

annexed as Annexure and forms integral part of this report.

For Jayant Gupta and Associates

(Jayant Gupta)

Practicing Company Secretary

FCS : 7288

CP : 9738

PR : 759/2020

UDIN: F007288D000317501

Place : New Delhi

Date : May 13, 2022

Integrated Annual Report 2021-22

159

Corporate Overview

Management Discussion and Analysis

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements:

Managing Director

(DIN: 03108241)

(DIN: 00280010)

(DIN: 00043432)

Place : Faridabad

Place : Mumbai

Place : Faridabad

Bharat Madan

Satyendra Chauhan

President Finance, Group Chief

Financial Officer & Corporate Head

Company Secretary

& Compliance Officer

Place : Faridabad

Membership No. A14783

Place : New Delhi

Place : Faridabad

Date : 13 May 2022

Date : 13 May 2022

Committed to Spreading Prosperity. Impacting Lives.

196

Escorts Kubota Limited:

Managing Director

(DIN: 03108241)

(DIN: 00280010)

(DIN: 00043432)

Place : Faridabad

Place : Mumbai

Place : Faridabad

Bharat Madan

Satyendra Chauhan

President Finance, Group Chief

Financial Officer & Corporate Head

Company Secretary

& Compliance Officer

Membership No. A14783

Place : Faridabad

Place : New Delhi

Place : Faridabad

Date : 13 May 2022

Date : 13 May 2022

Integrated Report 2021-22

197

Corporate Overview

Management Discussion and Analysis

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements:

Managing Director

(DIN: 03108241)

(DIN: 00280010)

(DIN: 00043432)

Place : Faridabad

Place : Mumbai

Place : Faridabad

Bharat Madan

Satyendra Chauhan

President Finance, Group Chief

Financial Officer & Corporate Head

Company Secretary

& Compliance Officer

Place : Faridabad

Membership No. A14783

Place : New Delhi

Place : Faridabad

Date : 13 May 2022

Date : 13 May 2022

Integrated Report 2021-22

199

Corporate Overview

Management Discussion and Analysis

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements:

Managing Director

(DIN: 03108241)

(DIN: 00280010)

(DIN: 00043432)

Place : Faridabad

Place : Mumbai

Place : Faridabad

Bharat Madan

Satyendra Chauhan

President Finance, Group Chief

Financial Officer & Corporate Head

Company Secretary

& Compliance Officer

Place : Faridabad

Membership No. A14783

Place : New Delhi

Place : Faridabad

Date : 13 May 2022

Date : 13 May 2022

Committed to Spreading Prosperity. Impacting Lives.

200

Escorts Kubota Limited:

Director's sitting fees and commission

7.41

8.46

Corporate social responsibility (CSR) expenditure *

15.83

11.82

Provision for doubtful debts/advances and deposits

11.19

8.59

Bad debts written off

0.31

3.97

Less : Provision already held

(0.31)

(3.97)

Assets written off

-

0.62

Miscellaneous expenses

35.01

16.62

740.30

671.84

Integrated Report 2021-22

237

Corporate Overview

Management Discussion and Analysis

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements:

Letter of Credit/guarantees executed in favour of others

55.28

74.71

B. Contingencies

(i) Taxation related contingencies

Excise duty/ customs duty /service tax demands

464.41

456.24

Sales tax and other demands

34.13

34.43

Demand raised by income tax department, disputed by the Company and pending in

appeal (refer note 1 below)

63.40

63.40

(ii) Others

Cases under litigation relating to :

- Personnel

5.22

4.21

- Others

32.02

18.04

(iii) Claims not acknowledged as debts

15.42

14.48

Notes:

1.

Contingencies for demand raised by income tax department, disputed by the Company and pending in appeal does

not include Income tax cases pending w.r.t. Escorts Heart Institute and Research Center Limited since the amount is

indeterminable (refer note 21(ii) for details). Further the amount includes C 32.17 crores ( 31 March 2021 C 32.17 crores)

in respect of matters which have been decided in favour of the Company, however the income tax department has

preferred appeals at the next levels.

2.

The amounts indicated as contingent liability or claims against the Company only reflect the basic value. Interest, penalty

if any or legal costs, being indeterminable are not considered. Penalties wherever quantified have been included.

3.

Pursuant to order dated 11 December 2014 passed by the Hon’ble Supreme Court of India, Chief Administrator HUDA,

Panchkula enhanced the compensation amount @ C 1,987 per square meter for the general category allottees of plots

in Sector 58, Ballabhgarh, Faridabad. Being aggrieved by the arbitrary action of Chief Administrator HSVP, Panchkula,

“The Faridabad Industries Association” filed a Civil Writ Petition before the Hon’ble High Court of Punjab & Haryana

at Chandigarh whereby the court passed directions for recalculation of enhancement demands to be raised. In view of

the directions as passed by the Hon’ble High Court of Punjab & Haryana at Chandigarh, an Instruction no. 58 dated

14 December 2018 had been passed by HSVP, Panchkula for recalculation of enhancement fees. Inspite of the said

directions, the Company received a demand from the Estate Officer, HSVP for a sum of C 37.61 crores approximately

(inclusive of penalty and interest) dated 13 June 2019 on the basis of old rate of C 1,987 per square meter. In 2019, state

government transferred the files related to such plots from HSVP to HSIIDC (Haryana State Industrial and Infrastructure

Development Corporation). Further, when the Company sought details of the outstanding dues from HSIIDC in February

2022, HSIIDC informed that there is a sum of C 56.26 Crores (inclusive of interest and penalty) towards payment for

enhanced cost. This figure again does not take into account the recalculated rates which are yet to be notified by HSVP.

The company still awaits the fresh demand after recalculation for taking further appropriate action.

Integrated Report 2021-22

239

Corporate Overview

Management Discussion and Analysis

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements:

letter of credit from customers

where credit risk is high and taking insurance cover

for receivables. The Company closely monitors the

credit-worthiness of the debtors through internal

systems that are configured to define credit limits

of customers, thereby, limiting the credit risk to pre-

calculated amounts. In case of trade receivables,

default is considered to have occurred when amounts

receivable become one year past due.

Other financial assets measured at amortised cost

Other financial assets measured at amortised cost

includes loans and advances to employees, security

deposits and others. Credit risk related to these

other financial assets is managed by monitoring the

recoverability of such amounts continuously, while

at the same time internal control system are in place

ensure the amounts are within defined limits.

b)

Expected credit losses for financial assets

i)

Financial assets (other than trade receivables)

Company provides for expected credit losses on loans

and advances other than trade receivables by assessing

individual financial instruments for expectation of any

credit losses.

• For cash & cash equivalents and other bank

balances- Since the Company deals with only high-

rated banks and financial institutions, credit risk in

respect of cash and cash equivalents, other bank

balances and bank deposits is evaluated as very low.

• For loans comprising security deposits paid - Credit

risk is considered low because the Company is in

possession of the underlying asset.

• For other financial assets ‑ Credit risk is evaluated

based on Company’s knowledge of the credit

worthiness of those parties and loss allowance is

measured. Since this category includes loans and

receivables of varied natures and purpose, there

is no trend that the Company can draw to apply

consistently to entire population. For such financial

assets, the Company’s policy is to provide for 12

month expected credit losses upon initial recognition

and provide for lifetime expected credit losses upon

significant increase in credit risk. The Company

does not have any expected loss based impairment

recognised on such assets.

ii)

Expected credit loss for trade receivables under

simplified approach

The Company recognizes lifetime expected credit

losses on trade receivables using a simplified approach,

wherein Company has defined percentage of provision

by analysing historical trend of default (net of any

recoveries from the insurance companies) relevant to

each business segment based on the criteria defined

above and such provision percentage determined have

been considered to recognise life time expected credit

losses on trade receivables (other than those where

default criteria are met in which case the full expected

loss against the amount recoverable is provided for).

Trade receivables amounting to C 149.18 crores (31

March 2021: C 123.05 crores) are secured by way of

security deposits from customer and: letter of credit

issued by banks. The letter of credit are issued by

reputable banks and their credit risk is assessed to

be low.

31 Mar 2022

Agri machinery

(C crores)

Ageing

0-90 days

91-180 days

181-270 days

271-365 days

More than

365 days

Total

Gross carrying amount- trade receivables

486.31

45.23

23.6

5.35

53.98

614.47

Expected loss rate

0.5%

6.5%

7.7%

17.2%

60.9%

Expected credit loss (loss allowance provision

net of trade receivables secured by insurance)

2.36

2.95

1.81

0.92

32.87

40.91

Integrated Report 2021-22

245

Corporate Overview

Management Discussion and Analysis

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Letter of Offer (LoF) dated March 3, 2022,

for acquisition of up to 37,491,556 fully paid-up

equity shares of face value of C 10 Each (“Equity

Shares”), representing 28.42% of the equity

share capital of the Company from the public

shareholders, the Acquirer on April 11, 2022, has

completed the said acquisition of 3,74,91,556

equity shares from the public shareholders

of the Company. Consequently, the acquirer

currently holds 44.80% equity share capital of

the Company.

(i)

Post the completion of the preferential allotment

and open offer as mentioned in Note 42 (g)

and Note 42(h) above, the Share Subscription

Agreement (“SSA”) and Shareholders’ Agreement

(“SHA”) dated November 18, 2021 executed

among the Kubota Corporation (“Investor”), the

Company, certain Existing Promoters has become

effective on April 11, 2022, and accordingly,

Kubota Corporation has become a Joint Promoter

of the Company effective April 11, 2022 along

with existing promoters of the Company.

(j)

The Board of the Directors of the Company on

February 18, 2022 had approved a draft Scheme

for Selective Capital Reduction (“Scheme”), under

Section 66, Section 52 and other applicable

provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, read with

the National Company Law Tribunal (Procedure

for Reduction of Share Capital of Company) Rules,

2016 (“NCLT Rules”). The Scheme provides for

selective reduction of the share capital of the

Company by cancelling and extinguishing

2,14,42,343 Equity Shares, held by the Escorts

Benefit and Welfare Trust. The Scheme is

subject to the approval of the shareholders of

the Company by way of the requisite majority,

National Company Law Tribunal (“NCLT”) and all

other applicable regulatory authorities.

43 A Scheme of Arrangement and Amalgamation under

Section 391 to 394 of the Companies Act, 1956 for

the amalgamation of Escorts Construction Equipment

Limited (‘ECEL’), a subsidiary company and Escotrac

Finance and Investments Private Limited (‘Escotrac’)

and Escorts Finance Investments and Leasing Private

Limited (‘EFILL’), joint ventures of the Company

(together referred to as ‘transferor companies’), was

sanctioned by the Hon’ble High Court of Punjab and

Haryana at Chandigarh vide its order dated 9 August

2012 (hereinafter referred to as ‘the Scheme’). Upon

necessary filings with the Registrar of Companies, NCT

of Delhi and Haryana by the Transferor Companies

and Transferee Company, the Scheme became

effective on 12 October 2012. In accordance with the

Scheme, 3,73,00,031 equity shares of the Company

comprising (a) equity shares issued in consideration

of amalgamation of ECEL and (b) investments held

by two amalgamating entities in the Company were

transferred to Escorts Benefit and Welfare Trust

(‘EBWT’). The beneficiary interest of the Company in

EBWT, has been accounted for as an Investment by the

Company in the manner prescribed in the Scheme.

Post selective reduction of share capital of the Company

as detailed in Note 42(e) above, EBWT presently holds

2,14,42,343 (31 March 2021: 3,37,00,031) equity

shares of the Company and 2,34,97,478 (31 March

Committed to Spreading Prosperity. Impacting Lives.

262

Escorts Kubota Limited:

Managing Director

Mr. Shailendra Agarwal

Executive Director

Mr. Bharat Madan #

President Finance, Group Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Head

Mr. Satyendra Chauhan #

Company Secretary & Compliance Officer

Other directors

Ms. Nitasha Nanda

Mr. Hardeep Singh

Mr. P.H Ravikumar

Mr. Sutanu Behuria

Ms. Vibha Paul Rishi

Mr. Sunil Kant Munjal

Ms. Tanya Dubash

Mr. Harish N. Salve (appointed as Director w.e.f. 16 July 2020)

Mr. Dai Watanabe (appointed as Director w.e.f. 16 July 2020)

Mr. Yuji Tomiyama (appointed as Director w.e.f. 16 July 2020)

# Key Management Personnel (KMP) as defined under Section 2(51) of the Companies Act, 2013

Enterprises over which key management personnel and relatives of such personnel exercise significant influence

AAA Portfolios Private Limited

Raksha Health Insurance TPA Private Limited

(formerly known as Raksha TPA Private Limited)

Agresource Management Private Limited

Rimari India Private Limited

Big Apple Clothing Private Limited

Ritu Nanda Insurance Service Private Limited

EEWL Limited (formerly known as Escorts Employees Welfare Limited)

Sietz Technologies India Private Limited

Har Parshad And Company Private Limited

Sun & Moon Travels (India) Private Limited

Momento Communications Private Limited

Hero Mindmine Institute Private Limited

Niky Tasha Communications Private Limited

The IVY Trust

Niky Tasha Energies Private Limited

Kubota Corporation (w.e.f 16 July 2020)

List of other related parties

Escorts Limited Employees' Group Gratuity Fund Trust

(refer note 37 for transaction)

Key management personnel remuneration includes the following expenses:

(C crores)

As at

31 March 2022

As at

31 March 2021

Short‑term employee benefits:

32.08

23.48

Other long term benefits

0.08

0.20

Post‑employment benefits:

0.73

0.72

Total remuneration

32.89

24.40

Committed to Spreading Prosperity. Impacting Lives.

264

Escorts Kubota Limited:

Managing Director

(DIN: 03108241)

(DIN: 00280010)

(DIN: 00043432)

Place : Faridabad

Place : Mumbai

Place : Faridabad

Bharat Madan

Satyendra Chauhan

President Finance, Group Chief

Financial Officer & Corporate Head

Company Secretary

& Compliance Officer

Place : Faridabad

Membership No. A14783

Place : New Delhi

Place : Faridabad

Date : 13 May 2022

Date : 13 May 2022

Integrated Report 2021-22

271

Corporate Overview

Management Discussion and Analysis

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements:

Managing Director

(DIN: 03108241)

(DIN: 00280010)

(DIN: 00043432)

Place : Faridabad

Place : Mumbai

Place : Faridabad

Bharat Madan

Satyendra Chauhan

President Finance, Group Chief

Financial Officer & Corporate Head

Company Secretary

& Compliance Officer

Place : Faridabad

Membership No. A14783

Place : New Delhi

Place : Faridabad

Date : 13 May 2022

Date : 13 May 2022

Committed to Spreading Prosperity. Impacting Lives.

282

Escorts Kubota Limited:

Managing Director

(DIN: 03108241)

(DIN: 00280010)

(DIN: 00043432)

Place : Faridabad

Place : Mumbai

Place : Faridabad

Bharat Madan

Satyendra Chauhan

President Finance, Group Chief

Financial Officer & Corporate Head

Company Secretary

& Compliance Officer

Place : Faridabad

Membership No. A14783

Place : New Delhi

Place : Faridabad

Date : 13 May 2022

Date : 13 May 2022

Integrated Report 2021-22

283

Corporate Overview

Management Discussion and Analysis

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements:

Managing Director

(DIN: 03108241)

(DIN: 00280010)

(DIN: 00043432)

Place : Faridabad

Place : Mumbai

Place : Faridabad

Bharat Madan

Satyendra Chauhan

President Finance, Group Chief

Financial Officer & Corporate Head

Company Secretary

& Compliance Officer

Place : Faridabad

Membership No. A14783

Place : New Delhi

Place : Faridabad

Date : 13 May 2022

Date : 13 May 2022

Integrated Report 2021-22

285

Corporate Overview

Management Discussion and Analysis

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements:

Managing Director

(DIN: 03108241)

(DIN: 00280010)

(DIN: 00043432)

Place : Faridabad

Place : Mumbai

Place : Faridabad

Bharat Madan

Satyendra Chauhan

President Finance, Group Chief

Financial Officer & Corporate Head

Company Secretary

& Compliance Officer

Place : Faridabad

Membership No. A14783

Place : New Delhi

Place : Faridabad

Date : 13 May 2022

Date : 13 May 2022

Committed to Spreading Prosperity. Impacting Lives.

286

Escorts Kubota Limited:

Director's sitting fees and commission

7.51

8.50

Corporate social responsibility (CSR) expenditure *

15.83

11.82

Provision for doubtful debts/advances and deposits

12.90

10.06

Bad debts written off

0.31

3.97

Less : Provision already held

(0.31)

(3.97)

Assets written off

1.24

0.83

Miscellaneous expenses

43.69

24.66

766.83

696.11

* CSR Expenditure

(i) Gross amount required to be spent by the Group during the year

15.83

11.82

(ii) Amount spent (in cash) during the year on:

a) Construction/acquisition of any asset

-

-

b) For the purposes other than (a) above

6.91

3.53

(iii) Unspent amount deposited in a designated bank account on 29 April 2022

(Previous Year: 29 April 2021) in terms of section 135(6) of the Companies Act, 2013.

8.92

8.29

Committed to Spreading Prosperity. Impacting Lives.

328

Escorts Kubota Limited:

Letter of credit/guarantees executed in favour of others

55.28

79.71

B. Contingencies

(i) Taxation related contingencies

Excise duty/ customs duty /service tax demands

464.41

456.24

Sales tax and other demands

34.16

34.45

Demand raised by Income tax department, disputed by the Group and pending in appeal (refer

note (1) below)

67.90

63.40

(ii) Others

Cases under litigation relating to :

- Personnel

5.22

4.21

- Others

32.02

18.04

(iii) Claims not acknowledged as debts

15.42

14.48

Notes:

1.

Contingencies for demand raised by income tax department, disputed by the Group and pending in appeal does

not include Income tax cases pending w.r.t. Escorts Heart Institute and Research Center Limited since the amount

is indeterminable (refer note 22(ii) for details).Further the amount includes C 34.20 crores ( 31 March 2021 C 32.17

crores) in respect of matters which have been decided in favour of the Group, however the income tax department has

preferred appeals at the next levels.

2.

The amounts indicated as contingent liability or claims against the Group only reflect the basic value.Interest, penalty

if any or legal costs,being indeterminable are not considered. Penalties wherever quantified have been included.

3.

Farmtrac Tractors Europe Sp. Z.o.o, Poland, one of the subsidiary of the Group has provided a blank promissory note

to bank against the working capital credit facility amounting to C 3.62 crores.

4.

Pursuant to order dated 11 December 2014 passed by the Hon’ble Supreme Court of India, Chief Administrator

HUDA, Panchkula enhanced the compensation amount @ C 1,987 per square meter for the general category allotees

of plots in Sector 58, Ballabhgarh, Faridabad. Being aggrieved by the arbitrary action of Chief Administrator HSVP,

Panchkula, “The Faridabad Industries Association” filed a Civil Writ Petition before the Hon’ble High Court of Punjab

& Haryana at Chandigarh whereby the court passed directions for recalculation of enhancement demands to be raised.

In view of the directions as passed by the Hon’ble High Court of Punjab & Haryana at Chandigarh, an Instruction no.

58 dated 14 December 2018 had been passed by HSVP, Panchkula for recalculation of enhancement fees. Inspite of

the said directions, the Holding Company received a demand from the Estate Officer, HSVP for a sum of C 37.61 crores

approximately (inclusive of penalty and interest) dated 13 June 2019 on the basis of old rate of C 1,987 per square meter.

In 2019, state government transferred the files related to such plots from HSVP to HSIIDC (Haryana State Industrial

and Infrastructure Development Corporation). Further, when the Holding Company sought details of the outstanding

dues from HSIIDC in February 2022, HSIIDC informed that there is a sum of C 56.26 Crores (inclusive of interest and

penalty) towards payment for enhanced cost. This figure again does not take into account the recalculated rates which

are yet to be notified by HSVP. The holding company still awaits the fresh demand after recalculation for taking further

appropriate action.

Committed to Spreading Prosperity. Impacting Lives.

330

Escorts Kubota Limited:

letter of credit from customers where

credit risk is high and taking insurance cover for receivables. The Group closely monitors the credit-worthiness of the

debtors through internal systems that are configured to define credit limits of customers, thereby, limiting the credit risk

Committed to Spreading Prosperity. Impacting Lives.

334

Escorts Kubota Limited:

letter of credit issued by banks. The: letter

of credit are issued by reputable banks and their credit

risk is assessed to below.

31 March 2022

Agri machinery

(C crores)

Ageing

0-90 days

91-180 days

181-270 days

271-365 days

More than

365 days

Total

Gross carrying amount - trade receivables

467.37

33.43

6.37

5.35

53.76

566.28

Expected loss rate

0.50%

8.82%

28.41%

17.20%

61.14%

Expected credit loss allowance (net of expected

recoveries under insurance contracts)

2.36

2.95

1.81

0.92

32.87

40.91

Construction equipment

(C crores)

Ageing

0-90 days

91-180 days

181-270 days

271-365 days

More than

365 days

Total

Gross carrying amount - trade receivables

115.87

6.53

0.77

0.09

24.98

148.24

Expected loss rate

0.36%

7.81%

32.47%

66.67%

88.11%

Expected credit loss allowance (net of expected

recoveries under insurance contracts)

0.42

0.51

0.25

0.06

22.01

23.25

Integrated Report 2021-22

335

Corporate Overview

Management Discussion and Analysis

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Letter of Offer (LoF) dated 03 March 2022, for

acquisition of up to 37,491,556 fully paid-up

equity shares of face value of C 10 Each (“Equity

Shares”), representing 28.42% of the equity share

capital of the Parent Company from the public

shareholders, the Acquirer on 11 April 2022, has

completed the said acquisition of 3,74,91,556

equity shares from the public shareholders of

the Parent Company. Consequently, the acquirer

currently holds 44.80% equity share capital of the

Parent Company.

(i)

Post the completion of the preferential allotment

and open offer as mentioned in Note 41 (g)

and Note 42(h) above, the Share Subscription

Agreement (“SSA”) and Shareholders’ Agreement

(“SHA”) dated 18 November 2021 executed

among the Kubota Corporation (“Investor”), the

Company, certain Existing Promoters has become

effective on 11 April 2022, and accordingly,

Kubota Corporation has become a Joint Promoter

of the Parent Company effective April 11, 2022

along with existing promoters of the Company.

(j)

The Board of the Directors of the Parent Company

on 18 February 2022 had approved a draft Scheme

for Selective Capital Reduction (“Scheme”), under

Section 66, Section 52 and other applicable

provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, read with

the National Company Law Tribunal (Procedure

for Reduction of Share Capital of Company) Rules,

2016 (“NCLT Rules”). The Scheme provides for

selective reduction of the share capital of the

Parent Company by cancelling and extinguishing

2,14,42,343 Equity Shares, held by the Escorts

Benefit and Welfare Trust. The Scheme is subject

to the approval of the shareholders of the Parent

Company by way of the requisite majority,

National Company Law Tribunal (“NCLT”) and all

other applicable regulatory authorities.

(k) During the year, the Parent Company has further

invested C 17.15 crores in its Joint Venture with

Tadano Limited, Japan (Tadano), Tadano Escorts

India Private Limited (formerly Optunia Power

Infrastructure Private Limited) (‘TEI’). As on 31

March 2022, the Parent Company holds 49%

share in TEI.

42 Disclosure under the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 (“MSMED Act,

2006”) is as under:

(C crores)

As at

31 March 2022

As at

31 March 2021

i)

the principal amount and the interest due thereon remaining unpaid to any supplier as at the

end of each accounting year;

71.75

104.23

ii) the amount of interest paid by the buyer in terms of section 16, along with the amounts of the

payment made to the supplier beyond the appointed day during each accounting year;

-

-

iii) the amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in making payment (which

have been paid but beyond the appointed day during the year) but without adding the interest

specified under MSMED Act, 2006;

-

-

iv) the amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of each accounting year; and

1.11

0.51

v) the amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the succeeding years, until

such date when the interest dues as above are actually paid to the small enterprise, for the

purpose of disallowance as a deductible expenditure under Section 23.

-

-

The above disclosure has been determined to the extent such parties have been identified on the basis of information

available with the Group. This has been relied upon by the auditors.

Committed to Spreading Prosperity. Impacting Lives.

356

Escorts Kubota Limited:

Managing Director and Trustee

Mr. Shailendra Agrawal

Executive Director

Mr. Bharat Madan*

President Finance, Group Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Head and Trustee

Mr. Satyendra Chauhan*

Company Secretary & Compliance Officer and Trustee (appointed as Company

Secretary w.e.f 29 January 2020)

Ms. Nitasha Nanda

Director

Mr. Hardeep Singh

Director

Mr. P.H Ravikumar

Director

Ms. Vibha Paul Rishi

Director

Mr. Sutanu Behuria

Director and Trustee

Mr. Sunil Kant Munjal

Director

Ms. Tanya Arvind Dubash

Director

Mr. Harish N. Salve

Director (appointed as Director w.e.f. 16 July 2020))

Mr. Dai Watanabe

Director (appointed as Director w.e.f. 16 July 2020))

Mr. Yuji Tomiyama

Director (appointed as Director w.e.f. 16 July 2020))

Mr. Pawan Goenka*

Chief Financial Officer (appointed w.e.f. 30 July 2020))

Mr. Deba Prasad Roy

Director (relationship ceased w.e.f. 14 February 2022)

Mr. Pawan Kumar Bhalla

Director (till 14 February 2022) and Trustee

Mr. Ashish Kumar Bhattacharya

Director (relationship ceased w.e.f. 14 February 2022)

Mr. Shenu Agarwal

Director

Mr. Rajan Chugh*: Managing

Managing Director

(DIN: 03108241)

(DIN: 00280010)

(DIN: 00043432)

Place : Faridabad

Place : Mumbai

Place : Faridabad

Bharat Madan

Satyendra Chauhan

President Finance, Group Chief

Financial Officer & Corporate Head

Company Secretary

& Compliance Officer

Place : Faridabad

Membership No. A14783

Place : New Delhi

Place : Faridabad

Date : 13 May 2022

Date : 13 May 2022

Integrated Report 2021-22

369

Corporate Overview

Management Discussion and Analysis

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements:

Managing Director

(DIN: 03108241)

(DIN: 00280010)

(DIN: 00043432)

Place : Faridabad

Place : Mumbai

Place : Faridabad

Bharat Madan

Satyendra Chauhan

President Finance, Group Chief

Financial Officer & Corporate Head

Company Secretary & Compliance Officer

(Membership No. A14783)

Place : Faridabad

Place : Faridabad

Date : 13 May 2022

Committed to Spreading Prosperity. Impacting Lives.

370

Escorts Kubota Limited:

Managing Director

Mr. Hardeep Singh

Director

Mr. P.H. Ravikumar

Independent Director

Mrs. Vibha Paul Rishi

Independent Director

Dr. Sutanu Behuria

Independent Director

Ms. Nitasha Nanda

Whole-time Director

Mr. Shailendra Agrawal

Executive Director

Mr. Sunil Kant Munjal

Independent Director

Ms. Tanya Dubash

Independent Director

Mr. Harish N. Salve

Independent Director

Mr. Dai Watanabe

Non-Executive Director

Mr. Yuji Tomiyama

Non-Executive Director

Mr. Seiji Fukuoka

Whole Time Director

(Deputy: Managing

