Dear Shareholders,

I hope that you and your families are safe and well.

The year gone by was an extraordinary year marked by unprecedented

challenges posed by the pandemic, supply chain disruptions caused

by the Russia-Ukraine war, and volatility in commodity prices. Inflation

pressures have heightened across geographies, and central banks are

aggressively tightening liquidity conditions.

The Indian economy has demonstrated its robust

fundamentals to the world. Pragmatic policy interventions

along with successful vaccination programs have propelled

the economic growth, resulting in a solid 8.7% GDP growth

in FY 2021-22 and has paved the way for accelerated growth

in the future. Increasing government funding in public

infrastructure and domestic manufacturing is expected to

encourage growth and attract private investment through a

strong multiplier effect in the industry.

In the face of massive challenges and disruptions in the

operating environment, we stayed focussed on strengthening

our business and positioning it for faster growth. We have

enhanced our focus on cost optimisation, process efficiency,

and new product development. Strategic steps are also

being undertaken to ensure our continued competitiveness,

financial resilience, and business continuity. At the same

time, we continue to expand our distribution presence

and drive greater focus on consumer engagement and

brand recall.

6

Finolex Cables Limited

Annual Report 2021-22:

Managing Director of the

Company are not liable to retire by rotation. Further,

the offices of Additional Directors appointed by the

Board of Directors are valid upto ensuing AGM and their

appointment as Directors is subject to the approval of

Members of the Company in the said AGM. Therefore,

there is no Director who is liable to retire by rotation in

this AGM.

2.

Mr. Padmanabh Barpande, Mr. Avinash Khare, Mrs. Firoza

Kapadia, Mr. Prasad Deshpande and Mr. Sunil Upmanyu,

Directors had offered themselves for appointment at the

AGM held on 29th September, 2021 but even though the

majority of numbers of shareholders voted in favour of

the said resolutions, two major Corporate Shareholders

voted contrary to the mandate in their constitutional

documents/concluded contractual commitments and

voted against the resolutions at the said AGM. The

clarification in this regard is given under point no. 2.1 in

Corporate Governance Report at Annexure B.

3.

The following Directors on the Board of Directors of the

Company (the “Board”) namely: Mr Ratnakar P Barve,

Executive Director - Operations, Mr Zubin F Billimoria,

Independent Director, Mr Sriraman Raghuraman,

Independent Director, Mrs Vanessa Singh, Independent

Women Director and Mr Nikhil M Naik, Non Independent

Non-Executive Director hold office with effect from 30th

September, 2021 upto the date of the ensuing AGM

of the Company. The respective resolutions proposing

the appointment of each of these five Directors has,

pursuant to the recommendation of the Nomination

and Remuneration Committee been duly approved

and recommended by the Board for consideration and

due approval of the Members at ensuing AGM and is

included in the Notice issued for ensuing AGM.

The requisite details regarding their appointment are

set out in the Notice for the ensuing AGM.

Compliance Under the Companies Act, 2013

Pursuant to Section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013 read

with the Companies (Accounts) Rules of 2014, your Company

complied with the requirements. The details of such

compliances are enumerated below:

•

Web link to the Annual Return: The Annual Return of

the Company is available at the Company’s website at

www.finolex.com

•

Number of meetings of the Board: The Board met

on Six (6) occasions during the year. The details of the

meetings are furnished in the Report on Corporate

Governance which is attached as Annexure B to this

Report.

•

Directors’ Responsibility Statement: Pursuant to

Sections 134(3)(c) and 134 (5) of the Companies Act,

2013, (the “Act”), the Directors, to the best of their

knowledge and belief and according to the information

and explanations provided to them, confirm that::

letter of even date by the Secretarial Auditors, which is annexed as Annexure A and forms

an integrated part of this report.

‘ANNEXURE A’

To,

The Members of

Finolex Cables Limited

26/27, Bombay Poona Road,

Pimpri, Pune – 411 018

Our Secretarial Audit Report of even date is to be read along with this: letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express

an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts

are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis

for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility

of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the company.

For Jog Limaye & Associates

Company Secretaries

Kanchan Anirudha Limaye

Partner

Membership No.- F9555

CP No.- 17326

Place: Pune

UDIN: F009555D000361533

Date: 21st May, 2022

PR No. 738/2020

letter stating the Member’s

name (as recorded on the share certificate),

folio number, complete address, along with:-

(b) Name and Branch of Bank and Bank Account

Type

(c)

Bank account Number allotted by your Bank

after implementing Core Banking Solutions

(d) 11 digit IFSC Code

(e)

9 digit MICR Code Number

(f)

Self-attested copy of cancelled cheque

bearing the name of the Member or First

Holder

(g) Self-attested copy of PAN and AADHAR Card

Note: For queries related to updation of email ID

and bank account details members may contact at

einward.ris@kfintech.com/investors@finolex.com.

(B) Members holding shares in Demat form are

requested to update their Electronic Bank Mandate

through their Depository Participants.:

letter dated July 27, 2022.

Shareholders are requested to note that in case their

PAN is not registered, the tax will be deducted at a

higher rate of 20%, as applicable.

Non-resident shareholders can avail beneficial rates

under tax treaty between India and their country of

residence subject to providing necessary documents i.e.

No Permanent Establishment and Beneficial Ownership

Declaration, Tax Residency Certificate, Form 10F, any

other document which may be required to avail the tax

treaty benefits by sending to Company’s RTA i.e. KFin

Technologies Limited, Karvy Selenium, Tower B, 6th

Floor, Plot Nos.31 & 32, Financial District, Nanakramguda,

Hyderabad – 500032, Tel Nos. (40) 6716 1613 / 6716

1630. The said declarations need to be submitted so as

to reach latest by August 31, 2022.

Incomplete and/or unsigned forms and declarations will

not be considered by the Company. All communications/

queries in this respect should be addressed to the

RTA i.e. KFin Technologies Limited, Karvy Selenium,

Tower B, 6th Floor, Plot Nos.31 & 32, Financial District,

Nanakramguda, Hyderabad – 500032, Tel Nos. (40) 6716

1613 / 6716 1630 and Exemption Forms are required to

be forwarded in original only.

14. The Company’s Registrar and Transfer Agents for its

share registry work (Physical and Electronic) are KFin

Technologies Limited, Karvy Selenium, Tower B, 6th

Floor, Plot Nos.31 & 32, Financial District, Nanakramguda,

Hyderabad – 500032, Tel Nos. (40) 6716 1613 / 6716

1630.

15. Members can avail the facility of nomination in respect

of securities held by them in physical form pursuant to

the provision of Section 72 of the Act. Members desiring

to avail this facility may send their nomination in the

prescribed form duly filled-in to RTA. Members holding

shares in electronic mode may contact their respective

Depository Participant (DP) for availing this facility.

16. Further the Members are requested to:

i)

intimate to their DP, changes if any, in their

names, registered addresses, email address,

telephone/mobile numbers, and/or changes in

their bank account details, if the shares are held in

dematerialized form.

ii)

intimate to the RTA of the Company, changes if

any, in their names, registered addresses, email

address,

telephone/mobile

numbers,

and/or

changes in their bank account details, if the shares

are held in physical form.

iii) consolidate their holdings into one folio in case

they hold shares under multiple folios in the

identical order of names.

iv)

dematerialize their Physical Shares to Electronic

Form (Demat), since in terms of Regulation 40 of

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations

and

Disclosure

Requirements)

Regulations, 2015, securities of listed companies

can be transferred only in dematerialised form

with effect from April 1, 2019, the only exception

being in case of requests received for transmission

or transposition of securities. Dematerialisation

of shares would help to eliminate risks associated

with Physical Shares. Members can contact the RTA

viz., KFin Technologies Limited, Hyderabad (Tel. No.

040 – 67161633/30) for assistance, if any, in this

regard.

17. The Securities and Exchange Board of India has made

it mandatory for all companies to use the bank account:

letter etc. with attested specimen signature

of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are

authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to

kanchan@msjcs.com and to mandar@msjcs.

com with a copy marked to the Company

at investors@finolex.com and to evoting@

nsdl.co.in.

Institutional

shareholders

(i.e.

other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also

upload their Board Resolution / Power of

Attorney / Authority: Letter etc. by clicking

on “Upload Board Resolution / Authority

Letter” displayed under “e-Voting” tab in

their login.

2.

It is strongly recommended not to share your

password with any other person and take utmost

care to keep your password confidential. Login

to the e-voting website will be disabled upon

five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct

password. In such an event, you will need to go

through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or

“Physical User Reset Password?” option available

on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

3.

In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently

Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and

e-voting user manual for Shareholders available at

the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com

or call on toll free no.: 1800 1020 990 and 1800

22 44 30 or send a request to Ms. Pallavi Mhatre,

Manager, NSDL at evoting@nsdl.co.in or pallavi@

nsdl.co.in or at telephone no. +91-22-24994545

Process for those shareholders whose email ids are

not registered with the depositories for procuring

user id and password and registration of e mail ids

for e-voting for the resolutions set out in this notice:

1.

In case shares are held in physical mode please

provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned

copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN

(self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR

(self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by

email to investors@finolex.com.

2.

In case shares are held in demat mode, please

provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16

digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy

of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self

attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR

(self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to

investors@finolex.com. If you are an Individual

shareholders holding securities in demat mode,

you are requested to refer to the login method

explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for

e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for

Individual shareholders holding securities in

demat mode.

3.

Alternatively shareholder/members may send a

request to evoting@nsdl.co.in for procuring user

id and password for e-voting by providing above

mentioned documents.

4.

In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020

on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies,

Individual shareholders holding securities in

demat mode are allowed to vote through their

demat account maintained with Depositories and

Depository Participants. Shareholders are required

letter and which satisfies

the conditions specified in Section 42 of the Act.

In terms of the aforesaid provisions, the Members of

the Company had, at the 53rd Annual General Meeting

held on September 29, 2021, authorised the Board of

Directors of the Company to offer or invite subscription

for nonconvertible debentures in one or more tranches

aggregating upto an amount of Rs.150 Crores (Rupees One

Hundred Fifty Crores only) on private placement basis on

such terms and conditions including security as the Board

may, from time to time, decide in the said year. It may please

be noted that considering the scenario of possible reduction

in interest rates as then prevailing during the financial year

2021-22, the Company had not made any private placement

of nonconvertible debentures pursuant to the authority

accorded by the Members by the resolution passed at the

53rd Annual General Meeting held on September 29, 2021.

SEBI vide Circular No. SEBI/HO/DDHS/CIR/P/2018/144 dated

November 26, 2018 mandated that large corporates as

defined in the said Circular shall raise not less than 25% of their

incremental borrowings by way of issuance of debt securities

as defined under SEBI (Issue and Listing of Debt Securities)

Regulations, 2008. Non-Convertible Debentures (“NCDs”)

issued on a private placement basis fall within the definition

of debt securities as defined in the said SEBI Regulations. The

Company presently is not falling under the definition of large

corporate as defined in the said SEBI Circular dated November

26, 2018. The Company may however require to augment its

long term resources for financing, its planned or ongoing

capital expenditure and for general corporate purposes and

the Company may offer or invite subscription for secured or

unsecured redeemable non-convertible debentures, in one or

more series or tranches on a private placement basis, issuable

or redeemable at par. CRISIL has assigned AA+/Stable rating

to the said proposed issue of non-convertible debentures by

the Company.

The approval of the Members is being sought by way of

a Special Resolution under Sections 42 and 71 and other

applicable provisions, if any, of the Act read with the

Companies (Prospectus and Allotment of Securities) Rules,

2014 to enable the Company to offer or invite subscription for

NCDs on a private placement basis, in one or more tranches

during the period of one year from the date of passing the

resolution at Item No.13 within the overall borrowing limits

of the Company, as approved by the Members from time to

time.

The Board recommends the Special Resolution set out at

Item No.13 of the Notice for approval by the Members of the

Company.

None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the

Company and/or their relatives are, in any way, concerned or

interested financially or otherwise, in the resolution set out

at Item No.13 of the Notice.

By Order of the Board of Directors

R.G. D’Silva

Place: Pune

Company Secretary &

Dated: 12th August, 2022

President (Legal)

Registered Office:

26/27, Mumbai-Pune Road,

Pimpri, Pune - 411018.

CIN: L31300MH1967PLC016531

Email: Investors@finolex.com:

