Dear Shareholders,

It gives me immense pleasure in welcoming you all to

the 106th Annual General Meeting of the Garden Reach

Shipbuilders & Engineers Limited, and I thank each one of you

for attending the meeting in the Virtual mode.

This is my maiden address to the shareholders of the

company and I am indeed delighted to do so, considering

that this is a special occasion, as we Indians are celebrating

‘Azadi ka Amrit Mahotsav – to commemorate 75 years of

our Independence’. The journey of GRSE over the years has

been glorious, with the shipyard evolving & setting new

benchmarks in shipbuilding and engineering excellence. While

the clarion call for ‘Make in India’ has been resounding across

our Nation in the last few years, “Make in India” has been in

our DNA for the last 60 years, and with 788 marine platforms

including 107 warships delivered as on date, GRSE today

epitomizes “Atma Nirbharta” in warship building.

Further, our diversified product portfolio is our USP (Unique

selling point) and this provides us an edge amongst all listed

Indian Shipbuilding Yards.

Your Company has posted

the best ever performance in

the history of the Shipyard

and recorded the highest ever

turnover of ` 1,750 Crore for

FY 2021-22, reflecting YoY

growth of 54%. The profit after

tax grew to `189 Crore as

against `153.47 crore in previous

year.

12

Garden reach ShipbuilderS & enGineerS ltd.:

Managing Director of the company

from my predecessor Rear Admiral VK Saxena, IN (Retd) who

superannuated on 28 Feb 2022. We are indebted to him for

guiding us during his stint and taking GRSE on a trajectory of

progress. I have been with Team GRSE since 2016 and had

the good fortune of receiving support and guidance from

my seniors and colleagues. I am confident of sustaining our

performance in the coming years with the support of our

team, the Board of Directors and Ministry of Defence.

I take this opportunity to extend my sincere gratitude to

the Ministry of Defence, Central and State Government

Authorities and Indian Navy & Indian Coast Guard authorities

for their unstinted support and valuable guidance. I would

also like to take this opportunity to convey my gratitude

to all our esteemed shareholders for their continuing faith

and confidence they have reposed in us for whom we

aspire to continue to create more value. Last, but not the

least, I appreciate Team GRSE for their untiring efforts and

unflinching commitment to achieve the goals of the Company

and the Board of Directors who have supported and guided

the Company to place it on a path of accelerated growth.

Jai Hind

Cmde PR Hari, IN (Retd)

Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

(From 10 Jun 22)

Ramesh Kumar Dash

Director (Finance) & CFO

Cdr. Shantanu Bose, IN (Retd.)

Director (Shipbuilding)

(From 08 Jun 22)

Shri Rajeev Prakash, IP&TAFS

Government Nominee Director

(From 23 Jun 22)

Sanjay Dattatraya Panse

Part-Time Non-Official (Independent)

Director

(From 27 Dec 21)

Sanjeeb Mohanty

Part-Time Non-Official (Independent)

Director

(From 06 Apr 22)

RAdm. Vipin Kumar Saxena, IN (Retd.)

Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

Cmde P R Hari, IN(Retd.) (DIN: 08591411),

having an experience of over 33 years,

assumed the charge of the Company

w.e.f. 10 Jun 2022. He is also holding the

additional charge of Director (Personnel)

of the Company. He has over 28 years of

commissioned service in the Indian Navy

with varied experience onboard warships,

Naval Repair Organizations and various

Staff appointments. He holds a Bachelor’s

Degree in Mechanical Engineering and a

Master’s Degree in Defence & Strategic

Studies. An alumni of the Defence Services

Staff College, Wellington, the officer has

also undergone the 5th Higher Defence

Orientation Course at AWC Mhow and the

prestigious Naval Higher Command Course

at the Naval War College, Goa.

Cmde P R Hari, joined the Company as a

Chief General Manager in 2016 and has

been in charge of Production Planning

of all the new construction ships built at

the Shipyard. He had assumed charge

as Director (Personnel) of the Company

on 21 Oct 2019 and headed the Human

Resources, Corporate Planning and

Technical functions of GRSE.

Shri Rajeev Prakash, JS(NS)

Government Nominee Director

Shri Rajeev Prakash (DIN: 08590061), Joint

Secretary (Naval System), appointed as

Part-Time Official Director (Government

Nominee Director) of the Company w.e.f.

23 Jun 2022. He has completed B.A.

Honors in English from St. Stephen’s

College, University of Delhi and M.A. in

Development Studies from the Institute

of Social Studies, Erasmus University.

Further, he is a 1995 batch Indian Post &

Telecommunication Accounts and Finance

Service Officer (IP&TAFS). He has a vast

experience in the field of finance and held

various important posts in the Government

of India.

Prior to joining as Joint Secretary (Naval

System) in Department of Defence

Production, Ministry of Defence, Govt.

of India in June 2022, he has worked

as Deputy Director General (Wireless

Planning & Finance), Department

of Telecommunication, Ministry of

Communication. Further, he was also a

Government Nominee Director on the

Board of Bharat Broadband Network

Limited for more than 2.5 years.

Shri Ramesh Kumar Dash

Director (Finance) & CFO

Shri Ramesh Kumar Dash (DIN: 08511344)

is an Associate Member of the “Institute

of Cost Accountants of India”, Master in

Commerce and Bachelor of Law. Prior to

joining the Company, he was working in

Hindustan Aeronautics Limited, Bangalore.

He has around 30 years of Experience in

different CPSUs in the field of Finance and

Accounts. Shri Ramesh Kumar Dash has

assumed charge as Director (Finance) and

CFO of the Company w.e.f. 01 Jul 2020.

16

Garden reach ShipbuilderS & enGineerS ltd.:

Dear Shareholders,

Your Directors have pleasure in presenting the Annual Report of your

Company for the financial year 2021-22 together with the Audited

Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March 2022.

AnnuAl report 2021-22

23

DIRECTOR’S REPORT:

Managing Director, to review the progress made by

various departments.

(c)

Incentives: Incentive Schemes are propagated among all

employees and number of employees who took part in these

schemes were awarded with cash prize.

AWARDS & RECOGNITIONS

Your Company has received the following prestigious awards and

recognitions during the year under review:

(a)

Ranking of GRSE at ‘Fortune The Next 500 – 2021’ list: GRSE

witnessed a phenomenal improvement in its ranking from 123rd

position in 2020 with a giant leap to 40th position in 2021 in the

Fortune Next 500 2021 List of companies in India.

(b) Recognition for GRSE Quality Circle Teams: Four teams

conferred with ‘Par Excellence’ award and three teams were

conferred with ‘Excellence’ award in the National Council for

Quality Circle (NCQC) 2021.

(c)

National Awards for Corporate Excellence 2021: In the

Category - “Innovative Leader in Manufacturing” conferred on

27 Aug 21.

(d) Asian Leadership Award 2021 for ‘CEO of the Year’ in the

category of Excellence in Branding and Marketing: Asian

Leadership Award 2021 for ‘CEO of the Year’ in the category of

Excellence in Branding and Marketing.

(e)

8th Governance Now PSU Awards: Governance Now 8th PSU

Awards in the Categories “CSR Commitment”, “Digital PSU”,

“Research & Innovation” and “Communication Outreach”

conferred to GRSE on 29 Jul 21.

AnnuAl report 2021-22

35

DIRECTOR’S REPORT:

Managing Director of your Company, a Functional

Director as nominated by C&MD and the Chairman, Audit Committee,

will be constituted to investigate into the matter. All employees are

encouraged to use this whistle blowing mechanism and voice their

concerns to the Management. Further, all employees have been given

access to the Chairman, Audit Committee. The Whistle Blower Policy

can be accessed on your Company’s website at https://grse.in/wp-

content/uploads/2022/04/Whistle-Blower-Policy-1.pdf.

ANNUAL RETURN

In accordance with the Companies Act, 2013, the Annual Returns

in the prescribed format (Form MGT-7) will be available on your

Company’s website at https://grse.in/annual-returns/.

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS

The Management Discussion & Analysis Report as required under

the SEBI Listing Regulations and the DPE Guidelines on Corporate

Governance for CPSEs forms part of this Annual Report.

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

GRSE believes in cultivating socially sustainable inclusive development

which can contribute to build better sustainable community and touch

lives of millions of people positively, specifically the marginalized

segment residing in the vicinity of the production Units by undertaking

CSR initiatives. In last few years, GRSE has created a positive footprint

within the society to make a meaningful difference in the lives

of people by continually aligning its CSR initiatives to the goals for

sustainable development.

The GRSE CSR Policy was amended in accordance with the Companies

(Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Amendment Rules, 2021 issued

by Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) vide its Gazette notification no.

G.S.R.40 (E) dated 22 Jan 2021. The revised GRSE CSR & Sustainability

Policy was promulgated on 07 Sep 2021 and can be accessed on the

website of the Company.

The focus areas of Company’s CSR initiatives include Health care,

Nutrition, Education, Skill development, Infrastructure development

of educational institutes, cleanliness campaigns under Swachh Bharat

Mission, sanitation and hygiene, mainstreaming differently abled

persons and improving the quality of life of the marginalized segment.

Keeping in view the spread of COVID-19 in India, GRSE embarked

on noble ventures of Covid prevention initiatives like installation of

medical oxygen generation plants and other healthcare facilities for

the marginalized segment of population residing in the vicinity of

the factory premises. Thrust was also given for mainstreaming the

differently abled and holistic development of underprivileged tribal

children including provisioning of nutritional supplements especially

when this segment was hard hit by the pandemic. The Annual

report on CSR projects/ activities undertaken in FY 2021-22 has been

appended as Appendix- “E”.

RISK MANAGEMENT

103.

Pursuant to the Regulation 21 of SEBI Listing Regulations,

the Company has constituted a Risk Management Committee. The

details of the Committee and its terms of reference, Risk Management

Policy etc. are set out in the Corporate Governance Report and a

detailed note on Risk Management is provided in the Management

Discussion and Analysis Report, which forms part of this report.

BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORT

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has mandated

inclusion of Business Responsibility Report (“BR Report”) as part of

the Annual Report for the top 1000 listed entities based on market

capitalisation. Regulation 34(2)(f) of SEBI Listing Regulations

stipulates that the annual report shall include a Business Responsibility

Report describing the initiatives taken by the listed entity from an

environmental, social and governance perspective in the format

specified. Accordingly, the Business Responsibility Report for the year

2021-22 has been drawn up and appended to this Report.

INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS

Your Company has in place adequate internal financial controls with

reference to financial statements. A detailed note on Internal Financial

Controls is provided in the Management Discussions and Analysis

Report, which forms part of this report.

CONSERVATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLGY ABSORPTION AND

FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO

Your Company being a Government Company engaged in producing

defence platforms, the disclosure of information with respect to

conservation of energy, technology absorption, foreign exchange

earnings and outgo under the provisions of Section 134(3)(m) read

with Rule 8(3) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 is not required

as the MCA vide its notification GSR No.680 (E) dated 04 Sept 2015

has granted exemption to Defence Public Sector Undertakings.

IMPLEMENTATION OF RTI ACT

In consonance with the provisions of the Right to Information Act,

2005 (the RTI Act), your Company has well-defined mechanism in

place to address the provisions of the RTI Act.

RTI matters are being executed as per the provisions of the Right to

Information Act, 2005 and rules therein. During the year 2021-22,

a total of 119 in number RTI requests through online/offline mode

were received, while opening balance from previous year was brought

forward to 8. A total of 96 in number RTI applications were replied

to during the year and 1 in number RTI Application was transferred

to other concerned Department of Govt. of India and remaining 30

in number RTI applications were taken as ‘carried forward’ to the

year 2022-23. The Quarterly Returns are being uploaded on the CIC’s

website as well as on the DOPT website. Proactive Disclosures of

Information were updated on the website of GRSE under RTI Link as

directed by CIC. In compliance with the provision of section 26 of the

RTI Act, 2005, an In-house Awareness Programme on RTI Act was

conducted during the year 2021-22.

DISCLOSURE UNDER THE SEXUAL HARASSMENT OF WOMEN AT

WORKPLACE (PREVENTION, PROHIBITION & REDRESSAL) ACT,

2013

In pursuance of Section 4 of the Sexual Harassment of Women at

Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013, the

Internal Committee was reconstituted on 18 Aug 17 with an external

member who is a person familiar with the issues relating to sexual

harassment.

38

Garden reach ShipbuilderS & enGineerS ltd.:

Managing Director.

GENERAL

Your Directors state that no disclosure or reporting is required in

respect of the following items as there were no transactions on these

items during the year under review:

(a)

Detailed reasons for any voluntary revision of financial statement

or Board’s Report in the relevant financial year in which the

revision is made.

(b) Details relating to deposits covered under Chapter V of the

Companies Act, 2013.

(c)

Issue of equity shares with differential rights as to dividend,

voting or otherwise.

(d) No significant or material orders were passed by the Regulators

or Courts or Tribunals which impact the going concern status

and future operations of your Company.

AnnuAl report 2021-22

39

DIRECTOR’S REPORT:

Managing Director

Dated: 26th July, 2022

DIN: 08591411

40

Garden reach ShipbuilderS & enGineerS ltd.:

Letter dated 11th

September 2021. Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that

provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/

statutory compliances and expressing our opinion thereon.

Based on our verification of the Company’s books, papers, minute

books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the

Company (as per Annexure-II) and also the information provided by the

Company, its officers, agents and authorized representatives during

the conduct of secretarial audit, we hereby report that in our opinion,

the Company has, during Audit Period, complied with the statutory

provisions listed hereunder and also that Company has proper Board

processes and compliance mechanism in place to the extent, in the

manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter;

We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and

returns filed and other records as maintained by the Company for the

financial year ended on March 31, 2022 according to the provisions

of:

1.

The Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) and the rules made

thereunder;

2.

The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 and the rules

made thereunder;

3.

The Depositories Act, 1996 and the regulations and bye-laws

framed thereunder;

4.

The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the

Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992:

a.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial

Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;

b.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of

Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;

c.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to

an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 1993;

d.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015

(the “Listing Regulations”);

Form No. MR-3

SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED ON MARCH 31, 2022

[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule no.9 of the Companies

(Appointment and Remuneration Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]

5.

Secretarial Standards 1 and 2 as issued by the Institute of

Company Secretaries of India.

We further report that, having regard to the compliance system

prevailing in the Company and on examination of the relevant

documents and records in pursuance thereof, on test-check basis, the

Company has complied with the following laws applicable specifically

to the Company:

1.

The Environmental Protection Act, 1986;

2.

The Hazardous and Other Wastes (Management and

Transboundary Movement) Rules, 2016;

3.

The Water (Prevention & Control of Pollution) Act, 1974 and

Rules made thereunder;

4.

The Air (Prevention & Control of Pollution) Act, 1981;

5.

The Indian Electricity, 2003 and The Indian Electricity Rules,

2005;

6.

Guidelines on Corporate Governance for Central Public Sector

Enterprises, 2010 issued by Department of Public Enterprises

(DPE);

7.

Guidelines on Corporate Social Responsibility and Sustainability

for Central Public Sector Enterprises.

Management Responsibility:

Kindly refer to our: letter of even date which is annexed as

Annexure ‘I’ which is to be read with and forms an integral part of

this report.

During the Audit Period, the Company has complied with the

provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines, etc. mentioned

above except to the extent as mentioned below.

1.

Composition of the Board of

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on

these secretarial records based on our audit. The list of documents for the purpose, as seen by us, is listed in Annexure II;

2.

We have followed the audit practices and the processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the

contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We

believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion;

3.

Our Audit examination is restricted only upto legal compliances of the applicable laws to be done by the Company, we have not checked the

practical aspects relating to the same.

4.

Our Audit was based on examination, in physical or electronic form, as feasible under the prevailing circumstances, of books and records

maintained by the Company.

5.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of accounts of the Company as well as correctness

of the values and figures reported in various disclosures and returns as required to be submitted by the Company under the specified laws,

though we have relied to a certain extent on the information furnished in such returns.

6.

Wherever required, we have obtained the management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulation and happening

of events etc.

7.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of the management.

Our examination was limited to the verification of procedure on test basis and sample basis.

8.

Due to the inherent limitations of an audit including internal, financial, and operating controls, there is an unavoidable risk that some

misstatements or material non-compliances may not be detected, even though the audit is properly planned and performed in accordance

with audit practices.

9.

The contents of this Report has to be read in conjunction with and not in isolation of the observations, if any, in the report(s) furnished/to

be furnished by any other auditor(s)/agencies/authorities with respect to the Company.

10. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which

the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

ANNEXURE - I

ANNEXURE TO SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

44

Garden reach ShipbuilderS & enGineerS ltd.:

Managing Director

DIN: 08591411

APPENDIX – “D”

FORM NO. AOC-2

[Pursuant to clause (h) of sub-section (3) of Section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014]

Form for disclosure of particulars of contracts/agreements entered into by the Company with related parties referred to in sub-section (1) of

section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 including certain arm’s length transactions under third proviso thereto:

46

Garden reach ShipbuilderS & enGineerS ltd.:

Managing Director

DIN: 09559883

DIN No. 08591411

54

Garden reach ShipbuilderS & enGineerS ltd.:

Managing Director, is the apex body which oversees the overall

functioning of your Company. The Board of your Company gives

strategic directions and seeks accountability of their fulfillment.

The Board has set goals in terms of Long-Term Perspective Plan

in order to achieve its “Vision” statement. It is vested with the

ultimate responsibility of the management and performance of

your Company as a trustee to enhance the Shareholders’ value.

The decisions of the Board are aligned to serve in the best interest

of your Company. The Board has constituted Sub-Committees to

facilitate smooth and efficient flow of decision making process.

SIZE AND COMPOSITION OF THE BOARD

5.

The Board of the Company comprises of Executive (Whole-

Time) Directors, Non-Executive (Part-Time Official) Government

Nominee Directors and Non-Executive (Part-Time Non-Official)

Independent Directors. As on 31 Mar 2022, the Board of Directors

of your Company doesn’t consist of an optimum combination

of Executive and Non-Executive Directors. As on the said date,

the Board consists of 04 Directors comprising 02 Whole-Time

Directors, 01 Government Nominee Director and 01 Part-Time

Non-Official (Independent) Director.

6.

The details of the Members of the Board of Directors of your Company during the period from 01 Apr 2021 to 31 Mar 2022 are given below:

Name of the Directors

Date of

Appointment

No. of Directorship

in other Public

Companies#

No. of Board Committee

positions held in other

Companies##

Directorship

in other

listed entity

& category

Chairperson

Member

Chairperson

Member

Whole-Time Directors

RAdm Vipin Kumar Saxena[1] IN (Retd.)

Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director of the Company on 28 Feb 2022

[2] Superannuated as Director (Shipbuilding) of the Company w.e.f. 01 Jan 2022

[3] The Government has entrusted the Additional Charge of the post of Chairman &: Managing

letter dated 30 May

2022 has tendered her resignation from the post of Part-time

Non-Official Director (Independent Director) on the Board of the

Company with immediate effect. In her resignation: letter, she has

mentioned that due to upcoming new roles and responsibilities,

she would not be able to justify her role and position of Part-Time

Non-Official Director (Independent Director) in the Company.

Further, she has confirmed that there is no material reason for

her resignation other than mentioned above. The letter was

received through email on 01 Jun 2022. The effective date for

her resignation has been considered as 01 Jun 2022 as the letter

received on that date.

Cdr. Shantanu Bose, IN (Retd.)

Cdr. Shantanu Bose, IN (Retd.) (DIN: 09631817) has assumed

the charge of Director (Shipbuilding) of our Company w.e.f 08

Jun 2022. Cdr. Shantanu Bose, IN (Retd.), after serving in the

Indian Navy for 23 years, joined Garden Reach Shipbuilders &

Engineers Limited (GRSE) in 2013. Cdr Bose is a highly qualified

and experienced naval architect who has been in charge of

several projects undertaken by GRSE since 2013. Before assuming

charge as Director (Shipbuilding), he was working as General

Manager (MW & P17A).

He has completed his B. Tech in Naval Architecture & Shipbuilding

from Cochin University of Science and Technology, and

Diploma from IIT, Delhi. He also holds Post Graduate Diploma

in Management from Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management

Studies, University of Mumbai. Further, he holds membership

of the Institution of Engineering (India) and Institution of Naval

Architecture.

Cdr. Shantanu Bose, IN (Retd.) has deep technical insight and

hands on working experience in all aspects of Shipbuilding,

managing men, and motivating them to take on new challenges

has been his forte. In GRSE, he has been the forefront of

adoption of the Integrated Construction (IC) methodology,

usage of the Virtual Reality Laboratory (VRL) for design and the

Product Data Model (PDM) & Product Life Cycle Management

(PLM). His current focus areas include R&D Projects and greater

thrust towards Indigenization. The infrastructure upgradation

planning, execution and exploitation of the RBD Unit of GRSE has

been done under his oversight. It is now being exploited gainfully

for the construction of ongoing projects.

He has no inter-se relationship with other Directors in the

Company. Further, he does not hold any equity shares of the

Company.

Other Directorships: Nil

Committee Membership of other Companies: Nil

Cmde Hari P R, IN (Retd.)

Cmde Hari P R, IN (Retd.) (DIN: 08591411) having an experience

of over 33 years, assumed charge as

Managing Director of the Company on 28 Feb 2022.

[2] Superannuated as Director (Shipbuilding) of the Company on 31 Dec 2021.

[3] Completed tenure as Independent Director of the Company w.e.f. 15 Aug 2021.

[4] Appointed as an Independent Director of the Company w.e.f. 27 Dec 2021.

COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD

16. Currently, the Board has constituted ten (10) Sub-Committees

to assist it in the management of the day-to-day affairs of

your Company and to facilitate a smooth and efficient flow of

decision-making process. The Board Sub-Committees consists of

the following:

(a)

Audit Committee;

(b) HR, Nomination and Remuneration Committee;

(c)

CSR & Sustainability Committee;

(d) Stakeholders Relationship Committee;

(e)

Risk Management Committee

(f)

Project Review Sub-Committee;

(g) Procurement Committee;

(h) Business Strategy & Capacity Augmentation Committee;

(i)

MoU Committee;

(j)

Legal Committee

17. Details about the above-mentioned Sub-Committees of the Board

of Directors are provided below.

MANDATORY COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD

Audit Committee

18. As on 31st March 2022 and during the FY 2021-22, the Audit

Committee was not reconstituted due to non-availability of

adequate number of Independent Directors on the Board of the

Company, in line with Section 177 of the Companies Act, 2013,

AnnuAl report 2021-22

65

CG REPORT:

Managing Director [1]

Chairperson

(c)

Shri Sanjay Dattatraya Panse

Part-Time Non-Official (Independent) Director [2]

Member

(d)

Cmde Hari P R, IN (Retd.),

Director (Personnel)

Member

(e)

Shri Ramesh Kumar Dash,

Director (Finance) & CFO

Member

[1] Retired as Chairman &: Managing Director of the Company

w.e.f. 01 March 2022.

[2] Admitted as a member of the Committee w.e.f. 11 Feb 2022.

43. The composition of the Procurement Committee of the Board of

Directors as on 31 Mar 2022 is as follows:

(b)

Cmde Hari P R, IN (Retd.)

Managing Director and Whole-Time Directors

is made by the Government of India indicating the tenure,

remuneration package and other terms and conditions of

appointment. The Functional Directors are generally appointed

for a period of 5 years with effect from date of assumption of

charge of the post or till the date of his superannuation or until

further orders whichever occurs the earliest. Notice period in

case of leaving service before the contractual term is 3 months

or in the absence of notice period, 3 months’ pay be remitted.

58. The Whole-time Directors of your Company are paid such

remuneration as the President of India, may from time to time

determine. The pay and allowances of Board level executives

are paid in accordance with the terms of appointment of

Department of Public Enterprises (DPE) Guidelines on the above

subject and other benefits and perquisites in accordance with the

rules of GRSE. The remuneration of below Board level executives

and non-unionized supervisors is as per DPE guidelines and as

approved by the administrative ministry i.e. Ministry of Defence.

Performance Linked Incentives i.e. Performance Related Pay (PRP)

are payable to the Whole-time Functional Directors as employees

of the Company as per the policy applicable to all employees of

the Company.

59. The details of remuneration of Whole-Time Directors during the FY 2021-22 are given below:

(` in lakh)

Name of Director

Salary*

Perquisites

Company’s Contribution to

PF / Gratuity / Pension

Performance

Related Pay

Total

RAdm V K Saxena, IN (Retd.) [1]

Chairman &: Managing Director

42.75

0.79

15.25

2.64

61.43

Cmde S Nayyar, IN (Retd.) [2]

Director (Shipbuilding)

29.90

3.34

4.73

2.05

40.02

Cmde Hari P R, IN (Retd.)

Director (Personnel)

42.06

6.49

6.22

1.64

56.41

Shri Ramesh Kumar Dash

Director (Finance) & CFO

31.88

2.91

4.74

-

39.53

*Salary includes arrears

[1] Completed tenure as

Managing Director of your Company

is appended at the end of this Report.

INSIDER TRADING CODE

80. In pursuance of SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations,

2015, the Board of Directors of the Company has approved the

Company’s Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading

and Fair disclosure of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information,

which inter alia, set up an appropriate mechanism to regulate,

monitor, report and prohibits trading in securities of the Company

by Designated Persons while in possession of unpublished price

sensitive information in relation to the Company. The Code lays

down guidelines, which advise them on procedures to be followed

and disclosures to be made, while dealing with the shares of

the Company, and cautioning them of the consequences of

violations. The Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading

and Fair disclosure of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information is

hosted on the website of the Company and can be accessed

at https://grse.in/wp-content/uploads/2022/08/Insider-Trading-

Code-GRSE.pdf

SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION

81. Various shareholder information required to be disclosed

pursuant to Schedule V of the SEBI Listing Regulations is provided

in Annexure-I to this Report titled ‘Shareholder Information’.

DISCLOSURES

82. (a) Conflict of Interest: During the year 2021-22, your

Company has not entered into any transaction with the

Directors that may have potential conflict with the interests

of your Company at large. The members of the Board,

apart from receiving Directors’ remuneration (wherever

applicable), do not have any material pecuniary relationship

or transaction with your Company which, in the judgment

of the Board, may affect independence of judgment of the

Directors.

(b) Related Party Transactions: During the year 2021-22,

your Company does not have any materially significant

related party transactions, which may have potential conflict

with its interest at large. Further, as required under the

SEBI (LODR), the disclosure of Related Party Transactions

on a consolidated basis in the prescribed format was filed

with the Stock Exchanges and has also been hosted on

the website of the Company. The Policy on Related Party

Transactions of the Company may be accessed at https://

grse.in/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/Policy-for-Related-

Party-Transactions-GRSE.pdf

(c)

Material Subsidiaries: Your Company does not have any

subsidiary or associate company. However, the Company’s

Policy on Determining Material Subsidiaries framed as per

Regulation 16 of the SEBI Listing Regulations which is

available on the Company’s website at https://grse.in/wp-

content/uploads/2022/04/Policy-for-Determining-Material-

Subsidiaries-GRSE.pdf

72

Garden reach ShipbuilderS & enGineerS ltd.:

Managing Director of the

Company.

Synopsis of the Whistleblower Policy of the Company is also

provided in the ‘Directors’ Report’, forming part of this Annual

Report.

(g) Items of expenditure debited in books of accounts, which

are not for the purposes of the business: Nil

(h) Expenses incurred, which are personal in nature and

incurred for the Board of Directors and top Management:

Nil

(i)

Details of Administrative and Office expenses as a

percentage of total expenses vis-à-vis financial expenses:

(` in crore)

Sl. No.

Particulars

2021-22

2020-21

(a)

Total Expenditure (Other

than materials)

709.29

616.19

(b)

Administrative & Office

Expenses

6.02

5.38

(c)

Percentage of (b) on (a)

0.85

0.87

(d)

Finance expenditure as a %

of total expenditure

0.04

0.06

(j)

Mandatory Compliances: During the last three (3) years,

there has been no instance or cases of non-compliance by your

Company on any matter related to capital markets and no

penalties / strictures were enforced on the Company by Stock

Exchanges / SEBI or any other statutory authority on any matter

related to capital market except fine amounting to `38,13,760/-

imposed by NSE vide its notice(s) dated 15 Feb 21, 17 May

21, 20 Aug 21, 22 Nov 21, 21 Feb 22, for not having requisite

number of Independent Directors and Woman Independent

Director, and not having Audit Committee, Nomination and

Remuneration Committee, Stakeholder Relationship Committee

and Risk Management Committee on the Board of Directors of

the Company for the period ended 31 Dec 20, 31 Mar 21, 30

Jun 21, 30 Sep 21, 31 Dec 21, as required under Regulation

17(1), 17 (2A), 18(1), 19(1)/19(2), 20 and 21 of the SEBI Listing

Regulations. Further, fine amounting to `28,52,060/- has also

been imposed by BSE vide its notice(s) dated 20 Aug 21, 22

Nov 21, 21 Feb 22, for the period ended 30 Jun 21, 30 Sep 21,

31 Dec 21, as required under Regulation 17(1), 17 (2A), 18(1),

19(1)/19(2), 20 and 21 of the SEBI Listing Regulations.

In response to the aforesaid notices, the Company wrote to

the Stock Exchange clarifying that the shortfall in Independent

Directors was not due to any negligence / default by the

Company as the appointment of Directors is done by the

Government of India through Presidential Order. Further, the

action for appointment of Independent Directors on to the Board

of CPSEs is not in the hands of the Company and also beyond

the control of the Company. In view thereof, the Company

has requested the NSE to waive-off the fines which remains

unpaid, and exemptions have been sought in accordance with

the provisions of Stock Exchange’s Policy for Exemption of Fines

Levied. Further, in terms of the said policy, the Stock Exchanges

only can consider the exemption proposal once the company

complied with the non-compliances.

A Compliance Certificate from M/s. Maheshwari R & Associates,

Company Secretaries, confirming compliance with the conditions

of Corporate Governance, as required under both, the SEBI Listing

Regulations and the DPE Guidelines on Corporate Governance

for CPSEs is provided as Annexure-II to this Report.

Further, the Company has complied with the requirements of

Corporate Governance Report of Paras (2) to (10) mentioned in

Part ‘C’ of Schedule V of the SEBI Listing Regulations. Further,

your Company confirms compliance with corporate governance

requirements specified in Regulation 17 to 27 and clauses (b)

to (i) and (t) of Sub-Regulation (2) of Regulation 46 of the SEBI

Listing Regulations except with regard to the composition of

Board of Directors and non-availability of requisite number of

Independent Directors including Woman Independent Director

non-availability of requisite number of quorum non constitution

of Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee,

Stakeholder Relationship Committee and Risk Management

Committee on the Board of Directors of the Company as

explained above, and disclosed necessary information in the

respective places in this Report.

(k)

Non-Mandatory Compliances under SEBI Listing Regulations

2015: The status of compliance with the discretionary

requirements under the SEBI Listing Regulations is provided

below:

(i)

The Board: As per para A of Part E of Schedule II of the

SEBI Listing Regulations, a non-executive Chairman of the

Board may be entitled to maintain a Chairman’s Office at

the company’s expense and also allowed reimbursement

of expenses incurred in performance of his duties. The

Chairman of the Company is an Executive Director and

hence this provision is not applicable to us.

(ii)

Shareholder Rights: Your Company displays the quarterly

and half yearly financial results on the Company’s website

https://grse.in/financial-results/ and also publishes the

financial results in widely circulated newspapers. We

have communicated the payment of dividend by e-mail

to shareholders in addition to dispatch of letters to all

shareholders.

AnnuAl report 2021-22

73

CG REPORT:

Managing Director. He is regularly invited to

attend the Audit Committee meetings. Further, the Internal

Auditors of the Company are also invited to the Audit

Committee meetings to discuss their Internal Audit Report

on a quarterly basis. During the year, due to non-availability

of Audit Committee, head of Internal Audit Department of

the Company and the Internal Auditors of the Company

were invited to the Meeting of Board of Directors to discuss

the Internal Audit Report.

(l)

Quarterly Compliance Report on Corporate Governance:

The Company has submitted the quarterly compliance report

on corporate governance in the prescribed format to the stock

exchange(s) within the prescribed time period. The same is

also hosted on the website of the Company at https://grse.in/

corporate-governance-report/.

(m) Prevention of Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace:

The Company is committed to provide a work environment that

ensures every employee is treated with dignity, respect and

afforded equal treatment. Please refer ‘Disclosure under the

Sexual Harassment of Women at the Workplace (Prevention,

Prohibition & Redressal) Act, 2013’ Section of Director’s Report

for more details.

(n) Certificate

from

Practicing

Company

Secretary

on

qualification of the Board: M/s. Maheshwari R & Associates,

Company Secretaries has certified that none of the Directors on

the Board of the Company have been debarred or disqualified

from being appointed or continuing as directors of companies

by the SEBI/ Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such statutory

authority. The aforesaid certificate is provided at Annexure-III to

this Report.

(o) Recommendation of Committees of the Board of Directors:

During the Financial Year 2021-22, there was no instance, where

the Board had not accepted the recommendation(s) of any

committee of the Board which is mandatorily required.

(p) Fees to Statutory Auditors: The total fees paid for all services

by the Company to M/s. Mookherjee Biswas & Pathak, Statutory

Auditors of the Company during FY 2021-22 aggregate to

`8,60,000/-. Details are available under Note 27 of the ‘Financial

Statements’.

(q) CEO and CFO Certification: The Chairman and Managing

Director (CMD) and the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of the

Company give annual certification on financial reporting and

internal controls to the Board in terms of Regulation 17(8) of

the Listing Regulations, copy of which is attached to this Report

as Annexure-IV. The CMD and the CFO also give quarterly

certification on financial results while placing the financial results

before the Board in terms of Regulation 33(2) of the Listing

Regulations.

DECLARATION

Pursuant to the Department of Public Enterprises Guidelines on Corporate Governance for Central Public Sector Enterprises dated 14th May, 2010

and Regulation 26 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, it is hereby declared that all Board Members

and Senior Management Personnel of your Company have affirmed compliance with the Code of Conduct & Ethics for Board Members and Senior

Management Personnel of Garden Reach Shipbuilders & Engineers Limited for the year ended 31st March, 2022.

For Garden Reach Shipbuilders & Engineers Limited

Place: Kolkata

Date: 26 July, 2022

Sd/-

Cmde Hari P R, IN (Retd.)

Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director and Shri Ramesh Kumar Dash, Director (Finance) & Chief Financial Officer certify

that:

1.

We have reviewed the Financial Statements including the Cash Flow statement of Garden Reach Shipbuilders & Engineers Limited (the

Company) for the year ended 31st March, 2022 and that to the best of our knowledge and belief:

(i)

these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements that might be

misleading;

(ii)

these statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with existing Accounting

Standards, applicable laws and regulations.

2.

To the best of our knowledge and belief, none of the transactions entered into by the Company during the year which are fraudulent, illegal

or violative of the Company’s Code of Conduct.

3.

We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that we have evaluated the effectiveness

of internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting. Deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls,

if any, of which we are aware have been disclosed to the Auditors and the Audit Committee and steps have been taken to rectify these

deficiencies.

4.

We have indicated to the Auditors and the Audit Committee that:

(i)

there has not been any significant change in internal control over financial reporting during the year under reference;

(ii)

that there are no significant changes in accounting policies made during the year, subject to changes in the same and the same have

been disclosed in the Notes to the Financial Statements; and

(iii) that there are no instances of any significant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement there in, if any, of the

Management or an employee having a significant role in the company’s internal control system over financial reporting.

Sd/-

Sd/-

Ramesh Kumar Dash

Cmde Hari P R, IN (Retd.)

Kolkata

Director (Finance) & CFO

Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director/Whole-time Directors as the case

may be.

AnnuAl report 2021-22

83

BR REPORT:

Managing Director (Officiating)

Firm's Registration No - 301138E

DIN - 08591411

Sd/-

Sd/-

(CA. Sudersan Mukherjee)

R.K Dash

Partner

Director (Finance) & CFO

Membership No. 059159

DIN - 08511344

Sd/-

S. Mahapatra

Place of Signature : Kolkata

Company Secretary

Date : 25th day of May, 2022

ACS 10992

100

Garden reach ShipbuilderS & enGineerS ltd.:

Managing Director (Officiating)

Firm's Registration No - 301138E

DIN - 08591411

Sd/-

Sd/-

(CA. Sudersan Mukherjee)

R.K Dash

Partner

Director (Finance) & CFO

Membership No. 059159

DIN - 08511344

Sd/-

S. Mahapatra

Place of Signature : Kolkata

Company Secretary

Date : 25th day of May, 2022

ACS 10992

AnnuAl report 2021-22

101

financial statements:

Managing Director (Officiating)

Firm's Registration No - 301138E

DIN - 08591411

Sd/-

Sd/-

(CA. Sudersan Mukherjee)

R.K Dash

Partner

Director (Finance) & CFO

Membership No. 059159

DIN - 08511344

Sd/-

S. Mahapatra

Place of Signature : Kolkata

Company Secretary

Date : 25th day of May, 2022

ACS 10992

(` in Lakh)

AnnuAl report 2021-22

103

financial statements:

Managing Director (Officiating)

Firm's Registration No - 301138E

DIN - 08591411

Sd/-

Sd/-

(CA. Sudersan Mukherjee)

R.K Dash

Partner

Director (Finance) & CFO

Membership No. 059159

DIN - 08511344

Sd/-

S. Mahapatra

Place of Signature : Kolkata

Company Secretary

Date : 25th day of May, 2022

ACS 10992

104

Garden reach ShipbuilderS & enGineerS ltd.:

letter of 07 August, 1999 raised a claim for a 30 year lease effective from 01.04.1996 of ` 1488 Lakh

as onetime premium and a sum of ` 148.8 Lakh p.a. being 10% of the said premium as annual lease rent which GRSE repudiated. During

April, 2013, HEC unilaterally referred the disputes to PMA, DPE, Govt. of India for arbitration and subsequently inter alia prayed before PMA

for directing GRSE to enter into lease agreement for totally baseless, frivolous and absurd lease rent and premium with interest for further

period and to declare GRSE as “unauthorized occupant” etc. GRSE raised preliminary objection regarding maintainability and sustainability

of the alleged reference of HEC and rejection of claim as the same are not sustainable on facts as well as in law. The matter was under

adjudication before Smt. Zoya Hadke, Sole Arbitrator, PMA who after hearing both the parties at length, vide Order dated 30.6.2015 held

that in absence of any agreement between the parties, the Arbitral Forum lacks jurisdiction to settle the dispute and rejected the reference

of HEC. Accordingly, the arbitration matter stood disposed off. No appeal filed by HEC.

GRSE has also filed a Civil Suit (TS 117 of 2014) in March, 2014 before a competent Civil Court at Ranchi, HEC and the Govt. of Jharkhand

being the defendants, with prayer for declaration by the Court that GRSE has acquired irrevocable licence coupled with interest in the subject

land by setting up Diesel Engine Plant permanently thereon free of cost in accordance with the law of the land and for permanent injunction

restraining HEC from interfering with the possession of land by GRSE and running industry thereon. Hearing of the case is in progress.

HEC has filed an Application under the Public Premises (Eviction of Unauthorised Occupants) Act, 1971 before the Estate Officer appointed

under the said Act by HEC, for eviction of GRSE alleging as ‘unauthorised occupant’ from the said land occupied by DEP Unit of GRSE. [Case

no. P.P. ACT/REV/201801 dated 28.4.2018]

GRSE has filed a Writ Petition [ being WP ( C ) No. 3359 of 2018 ] before the Hon’ble Jharkhand High Court praying for ‘declaration’ that

summary proceeding before the Estate Officer under the Public Premises (Eviction of Unauthorised Occupants ) Act is not maintainable

involving intricate and complicated questions of law pertaining to title, right, interest and possession to the land and moreover competent

civil court at Ranchi is already adjudicating the matter on the self-same cause of action. The High Court on 14.8.2018 directed HEC to file

Opposition and not to evict GRSE from the said land. Meanwhile, upon approach by HEC, process to find out various possibilities to arrive at

amicable settlement has been initiated.

In view of the above an amount of ` 5,356.80 Lakh (Previous year ` 5,208.00 Lakh) without interest has been considered as contingent

liability not acknowledged as debt.

Note 42:

Letters seeking confirmation of balances in the accounts as at 31 December, 2021 of sundry creditors were sent to vendors. On the basis of replies

received from certain vendors, adjustments wherever necessary have been made in the Accounts.

Note 43:

(a) The Company has sent letters seeking confirmations of balances in respect of its Debtors Though no response has been received from the

debtors, in the opinion of the Company, the balances have realisable values equal to the amount as stated in the books in the ordinary course

of business, unless otherwise stated.

b)

The amounts received from customers are mainly received in respect of ship division, customers being Indian Navy and Indian Coast Guards.

In respect of other divisions, advance from customers are received mainly from Government Departments.

Note 44:

With introduction of Indian Accounting Standard (Ind AS 116) effective from 01.04.2019, the Company has adopted the same using retrospective

transition method. During the current financial year, total addition of Right of Use (RoU) is ` 955.86 Lakh with Lease Liability of ` 877.37 Lakh.

The actual lease rentals paid which were hitherto recognised as expense are now accounted as reduction in lease liability.

During the year, Rent and transport charges under other expenses, for the rent paid for lease hold land of ` 36.23 Lakh (FY 2020-21: ` 133.20

Lakh) and vehicle of ` 82.12 Lakh (FY 2020-21: ` 29.47 Lakh) has been adjusted with corresponding lease liability. Finance cost includes unwinding

of Interest on lease rent paid of ` 62.62 Lakh (FY 2020-21: ` 39.85 Lakh) and depreciation & amortisation expenses include amortisation of RoU

Assets of ` 184.45 Lakh (FY 2020-21: ` 161.16 Lakh).

Details of Lease Liabilities are appended below:

(` In Lakh)

Particulars

As on 01.04.21

Addition/Adjustment

Unwinding of Interest

Total Cash Outflow

As on 31.03.22

Land

338.30

324.17

36.81

36.23

663.05

Vehicle

31.02

482.66

25.81

82.12

457.37

Total

369.32

806.83

62.62

118.35

1,120.42

AnnuAl report 2021-22

143

financial statements:

Managing Director (Officiating)

Firm's Registration No - 301138E

DIN - 08591411

Sd/-

Sd/-

(CA. Sudersan Mukherjee)

R.K Dash

Partner

Director (Finance) & CFO

Membership No. 059159

DIN - 08511344

Sd/-

S. Mahapatra

Place of Signature : Kolkata

Company Secretary

Date : 25th day of May, 2022

ACS 10992

148

Garden reach ShipbuilderS & enGineerS ltd.:

letter mentioning the Folio No., Name

and address of the Shareholder, scanned copy of the Share

Certificate (front and back), self-attested copy of the PAN card

and any document (eg.: Aadhaar Card, Driving License, Election

Identity Card, Passport) in support of the registered address

of the Member. Members holding shares in dematerialised

mode are requested to provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID +

CLID or 16-digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy

of Consolidated Account statement, self-attested copy of PAN

and any document (eg.: Aadhaar Card, Driving License, Election

Identity Card, Passport) to investor.grievance@grse.co.in. If you

are an Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode,

you are requested to refer to the login method explained below

at step 1 (I) i.e. Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual

meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat

mode.

3.

In case of any queries / difficulties in registering the e-mail

address, Members may write to investor.grievance@grse.co.in.

INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR PARTICIPATING IN THE

AGM THROUGH VC/OAVM

1.

Member will be provided with a facility to attend the AGM

through VC/OAVM through the NSDL e-Voting system. Members

may access by following the steps mentioned below for Access

to NSDL e-Voting system. After successful login, you can see

link of “VC/OAVM link” placed under “Join Meeting” menu

against company name. You are requested to click on VC/OAVM

link placed under Join Meeting menu. The link for VC/OAVM

will be available in Shareholder/Member login where the EVEN

of Company will be displayed. Please note that the members

who do not have the User ID and Password for e-Voting or have

forgotten the User ID and Password may retrieve the same by

following the remote e-Voting instructions mentioned in the

notice to avoid last minute rush.

AnnuAl report 2021-22

153

NOTICE:

letter

etc., with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized

signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by

e-mail to evoting@grse.co.in with a copy marked to evoting@

nsdl.co.in. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals,

HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board Resolution / Power

of Attorney / Authority: Letter etc. by clicking on “Upload Board

Resolution / Authority Letter” displayed under “e-Voting” tab in

their login.

2.

In case of joint holders attending the meeting, the Member

whose name appears as the first holder in the order of names as

per the Register of Members of the Company will be entitled to

vote.

3.

Any person holding shares in physical form and non-individual

shareholders, who acquire shares and become Members of the

Company after the sending of Notice and hold shares as on

cut-off date i.e. 26 August, 2022, may obtain the USER ID and

password by sending request at evoting@nsdl.co.in or to the RTA

at their e-mail id rta@alankit.com. However, if you are already

registered with NSDL for remote e-voting then you can use your

existing User ID and password for casting your vote. If you forgot

your password, you can reset your password by using “Forgot

User Details/Password” or “Physical User Reset Password” option

available on www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll free no. 1800

1020 990 and 1800 22 44 30. In case of Individual Shareholders

holding securities in demat mode who acquires shares of the

Company and becomes a Member of the Company after sending

of the Notice and hold shares as of the cut-off date i.e. 26 Aug,

2022, may follow steps mentioned above under the section

“Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system”.

4.

It is strongly recommended not to share your password with

any other person and take utmost care to keep your password

confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon

five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In

such an event, you will need to go through the “Forgot User

Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?” option

available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

5.

In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked

Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-voting user manual for

Shareholders available at the download section of www.evoting.

nsdl.com or call on toll free no.: 1800 1020 990 and 1800 22

44 30 or send a request to Ms. Pallavi Mhatre, Senior Manager

at evoting@nsdl.co.in. Members may also write to the Company

Secretary at the Company’s email address at evoting@grse.co.in.

AnnuAl report 2021-22

157

NOTICE

