letter).

¾

Click “conﬁ rm” (Your password is now generated).

3.

Click on ‘Login’ under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab.

4.

Enter your User ID, Password and Image Veriﬁ cation (CAPTCHA) Code and click on ‘Submit’.

Cast your vote electronically:

1.

After successful login, you will be able to see the notiﬁ cation for e-voting. Select ‘View’ icon.

2.

E-voting page will appear.

3.

Refer the Resolution description and cast your vote by selecting your desired option ‘Favour / Against’ (If you wish

to view the entire Resolution details, click on the ‘View Resolution’ ﬁ le link).

4.

After selecting the desired option i.e. Favour / Against, click on ‘Submit’. A conﬁ rmation box will be displayed. If you

wish to conﬁ rm your vote, click on ‘Yes’, else to change your vote, click on ‘No’ and accordingly modify your vote.

Guidelines for Institutional shareholders:

Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than Individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) and Custodians are required to log on the e-voting

system of LIIPL at https://instavote.linkintime.co.in and register themselves as ‘Custodian / Mutual Fund / Corporate

Body’. They are also required to upload a scanned certiﬁ ed true copy of the board resolution /authority: letter/power

of attorney etc. together with attested specimen signature of the duly authorised representative(s) in PDF format in the

‘Custodian / Mutual Fund / Corporate Body’ login for the Scrutinizer to verify the same.

Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in physical mode/ Institutional shareholders:

Shareholders facing any technical issue in login may contact Link Intime INSTAVOTE helpdesk by sending a request at

enotices@linkintime.co.in or contact Mr. Rajiv Ranjan, Assistant Vice President at 022-49186060

Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode:

Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode may contact the respective helpdesk for any technical issues

related to login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL.

Login type

Helpdesk details

Individual Shareholders holding

securities in demat mode with

NSDL

Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a

request at evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at toll free no.: 1800 1020 990 and 1800 22 44 30

Individual Shareholders holding

securities in demat mode with

CDSL

Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk by sending

a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at 022-23058738 or

22- 23058542-43.

Individual Shareholders holding securities in Physical mode has forgotten the password:

If an Individual Shareholders holding securities in Physical mode has forgotten the USER ID [Login ID] or Password or

both then the shareholder can use the “Forgot Password” option available on the e-Voting website of Link Intime: https://

instavote.linkintime.co.in

z

Click on ‘Login’ under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab and further Click ‘forgot password?’

z

Enter User ID, select Mode and Enter Image Veriﬁ cation code (CAPTCHA). Click on “SUBMIT”.

In case shareholders is having valid email address, Password will be sent to his / her registered e-mail address.

Shareholders can set the password of his/her choice by providing the information about the particulars of the Security

Question and Answer, PAN, DOB/DOI, Bank Account Number (last four digits) etc. as mentioned above. The password

should contain minimum 8 characters, at least one special character (@!#$&*), at least one numeral, at least one alphabet

and at least one capital letter.

User ID for Shareholders holding shares in Physical Form (i.e. Share Certiﬁ cate): Your User ID is Event No + Folio Number

registered with the Company

Notice

Managing Director or the Manager;

(ii)

the Whole-time Director;

(iii)

the Chief Financial Ofﬁcer;

(iv)

the Company Secretary; and

(v) such other ofﬁcer as may be prescribed under the applicable law.

Criteria for identifying persons who are qualiﬁed to be appointed as a Director of the Company :

Section 164 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) provides for the disqualiﬁcations for appointment of any person to become

Director of any company. Any person who in the opinion of the Board of Directors (“Board”) is not disqualiﬁed to become a

Director, and in the opinion of the Board, possesses the ability, integrity and relevant expertise and experience, can be appointed

as Director of the Company.

Independent Directors :

For appointing any person as an Independent Director he/she should possess qualiﬁcations as mentioned in (A) the Act and

the Rules made there under (including but not limited to Section 149 of the Act and Rule 5 of The Companies (Appointment and

qualiﬁcation of Directors) Rules, 2014); and (B )LODR.

Appointment criteria and qualiﬁcations :

The Nomination & Remuneration Committee (Committee) shall identify and as certain the integrity, qualiﬁcation, expertise and

experience of the person for appointment as Director (including Independent Directors), or KMP and recommend to the Board

his / her appointment.

Such person should possess adequate qualiﬁcation, expertise and experience for the position he / she is considered for

appointment. The Committee has discretion to decide whether qualiﬁcation, expertise and experience possessed by a person is

sufﬁcient/ satisfactory for the concerned position.

Evaluation of Directors :

In terms of Section 149 of the Act read with Schedule IV of the said Act the Independent Directors shall at its separate meeting

review the performance of non- independent Directors based on the parameters that are considered relevant by the Independent

Directors.

The Board as a whole shall evaluate the performance of Independent Directors. During such evaluation the Director being

evaluated shall be excluded from the meeting.

Evaluation of SMP and KMP

Criteria for evaluating performance of SMP and KMP (other than Directors) shall be as per the internal guidelines of the Company

on performance management and development.

Criteria for evaluating performance of Other Employees

The human resources department of the Company shall evaluate the performance of Other Employees. In this regard, the human

resources department shall decide upon the criteria for evaluating performance of Other Employees.

Annexure 2:

Managing Director / Whole-time Director and remuneration of SMP and

KMP will be determined by the Committee and recommended to the Board for approval. Commission to other Directors (including

Independent directors) shall be subject to the approval of the shareholders of the Company and Central Government, wherever

required.

The Remuneration and commission to Directors shall be as per the statutory provisions of the Act and the rules made thereunder

for the time being in force.

Increments to the existing remuneration/compensation structure payable to Whole-time Directors, SMP and KMP would be

recommended by the Committee to the Board.

Sitting Fees :

The Non-Executive / Independent Director may receive remuneration by way of fees for attending meetings of Board or its

committee within limits prescribed by the Central Govt.

Remuneration to Other Employees :

The human resources department of the Company will determine from time to time the remuneration payable to Other Employees.

The powers of the Committee in this regard have been delegated to the human resources department of the Company.

BOARD DIVERSITY

With a view to achieving a sustainable and balanced development, the Company sees increasing diversity at the Board level as

an essential element in supporting the attainment of its strategic objectives and its sustainable development. The Company

while appointing may consider the following criteria; i.e. appoint those persons who possess relevant experience, integrity,

understanding, knowledge or other skill sets that may be considered by the Board as relevant in its absolute discretion, for the

business of the Company etc.

The Board shall have the optimum combination of Directors of different genders, from different areas, ﬁelds, backgrounds and

skill sets as may be deemed absolutely necessary.

The Board shall have members who have accounting or related ﬁnancial management expertise and are ﬁnancially literate.

Annexure 3

PARTICULARS OF LOANS, GUARANTEES OR INVESTMENTS UNDER SECTION 186 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013

Name of the Entity

Nature of Relationship

Amount

(Rs. in Crores)

Particulars of Loans, Guarantees and

Investments

Graphite International B.V. (GIBV) Wholly-owned Subsidiary

115.88 Fully Paid-up Shares.

Carbon Finance Limited

Wholly-owned Subsidiary

30.04 Fully Paid-up Equity Shares

Sai Wardha Power Limited

(Formerly Wardha Power

Company Limited)

No Relationship

2.48 Fully Paid-up Class A Equity Shares

Sai Wardha Power Limited

(Formerly Wardha Power

Company Limited)

No Relationship

3.12 Fully Paid-up 0.01% Class A

Redeemable Preference Shares:

letter dated 15th November, 2021 and 31st December, 2021

Reafﬁ rmed the long term rating on enhanced credit limit of 1,400 Crore for working capital facilities of the Company at [ICRA]

AA+ (pronounced ICRA double A plus). The Outlook on the long term rating has been revised to Stable from Negative.

Assigned short term rating at [ICRA] A1+ (pronounced ICRA A one plus) for Rs 300 Crore Commercial Paper programme of the

Company.

Annexure to the Directors’ Report:

Managing Director

AMJ Land Holdings Limited

Independent Non-Executive Director

Pudumjee Paper Products Limited

Independent Non-Executive Director

5.

Nayakankuppam Venkataramani

NIL

N.A

6.

Gaurav Swarup

Avadh Sugar & Energy Limited

Independent Non-Executive Director

Swadeshi Polytex Ltd

Non-Independent Non-Executive

Director

KSB Limited

Non-Independent Non-Executive

Director

Industrial And Prudential Investment

Company Limited: Managing

letter.

MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY

1.

Maintenance of Secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express

an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITY

2.

We have followed the audit practices and process as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness

of the contents of the Secretarial records. The veriﬁ cation was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reﬂ ected

in Secretarial records. We believe that the process and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not veriﬁ ed the correctness and appropriateness of ﬁ nancial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4.

Where ever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the Compliance of laws, rules and regulations

and happening of events etc.

DISCLAIMER

5.

The Compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards are the responsibility

of management. Our examination was limited to the veriﬁ cation of procedure on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efﬁ cacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Bajaj Todi & Associates

Sd/- Swati Bajaj

(Swati Bajaj)

Partner

C.P.No.: 3502, ACS:13216

Place : Kolkata

UDIN: A013216C000428290

Date : 14/05/2022

Graphite India Limited:

letter, debarment, etc.

Observations/ remarks of the

Practicing Company Secretary, if any.

NIL

(d) The listed entity has taken the following actions to comply with the observations made in previous reports:

•

No observations for the year ended 31st March 2021.

•

No observations in the report pertaining to the periods prior to the previous year.

For Bajaj Todi & Associates

Sd/- Swati Bajaj

(Swati Bajaj)

Partner

C.P.No.: 3502, ACS:13216

Place : Kolkata

UDIN: A013216C000428312

Date : 14/05/2022:

