Dear Shareholders,

2021 was a year to acknowledge and feel proud of

our 100 years journey and accomplishments with our

purpose – Lean On Us to Help You Make Life Better.

We are celebrating our 100 years in India with our

focus on continuous innovation and deployment

of advancing technologies across industrial air

compressors of various capacities and related

services, as well as complete machines and spare

parts. During our journey, we always have been

focused on understanding the market, providing

quality products and being futuristic in our customer

commitment. We’ll continue our promise, ensure

to make our customers successful, and help make

life better of communities where we operate.

Things have changed over 100 years, but what

remains consistent is our history of innovation and

sustainability. As a stronger company, we deliver

more sustainable products, solutions and services,

and we continue to build a great future and culture

in the company.

As we close another year of pursuing excellence

while driving sustainable innovation, I would like

to express my gratitude to our employees who,

embraced our value to think and act like owners.

Delivering on our commitments quickly became a

cultural norm and a competitive advantage. With

our trust in employees and commitment to live by

Ingersoll Rand Execution Excellence (IRX) daily, we

delivered strong results and stand ready to grow in

2022-23 and beyond. Together, we are confident of

achieving new milestones while being committed to

reduce the carbon footprint.

Dear Stockholders,

2021 was a year to acknowledge and feel

proud of our 100 years journey and

accomplishments with our purpose – Lean

On Us to Help You Make Life Better.

We are celebrating our 100 years in India

with our focus on continuous innovation and

deployment

of

advancing

technologies

across industrial air compressors of various

capacities and related services, as well as

complete machines and spare parts. During

our journey, we always have been focused

on understanding the market, providing

quality products and being futuristic in our

customer commitment. We’ll continue our

promise, ensure to make our customers

successful, and help make life better of

communities where we operate. Things

have changed over 100 years, but what

remains

consistent

is

our

history

of

innovation and sustainability. As a stronger

company, we deliver more sustainable

products, solutions and services, and we

continue to build a great future and culture

As we close another year of pursuing

excellence

while

driving

sustainable

innovation, I would like to express my

gratitude to our employees who, embraced

our value to think and act like owners.

Delivering on our commitments quickly

became a cultural norm and a competitive

advantage. With our trust in employees and

commitment to live by Ingersoll Rand

Execution

Excellence

(IRX)

daily,

we

delivered strong results and stand ready to

grow in 2022-23 and beyond. Together, we

are confident of achieving new milestones

while being committed to reduce the carbon

footprint.

Poised for Sustainable Growth:

Managing Director of the Company for a period of 5

years with effect from August 5, 2021 and whose office

as Director was subject to retirement by rotation and

Mr. Amar Kaul having resigned as: Managing

Letter with attested specimen signature(s) of the duly

authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote,

to the Scrutinizer through e-mail at evoting@irco.com

with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in

5. In case of Joint-holders, the Member whose name

appears as the first holder in the order of names as

per the Register of Members of the Company will be

entitled to e-vote during the AGM.

6. An Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of

the Act and Rules framed thereunder, setting out the

material facts in respect of Item Nos. 3, 4, 5 and 6

above and the relevant details of the Director seeking

reappointment under Item No. 3 above as required

under Regulation 26 and Regulation 36 of the Securities

and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI

Listing Regulations”) and as required under Secretarial

Standards – 2 on General Meetings issued by the

Institute of Company Secretaries of India is annexed

hereto.

7. Dispatch of Annual Report through E-mail:

In compliance with the Circulars, the financial statements

including Board’s Report, Auditor’s report or other

documents required to be attached with the Annual

Report of the Company for the financial year ended

March 31, 2022, is being sent by electronic mode to

those Members whose e-mail addresses are registered

with the Company or the Registrar and Share Transfer

Agents (the RTA), i.e. TSR Consultants Private Limited

or the Depository Participant(s). Members who have

not yet registered their email addresses are requested

to register the same with their DPs in case the shares are

held by them in electronic form and with the Company

or RTA in case the shares are held by them in physical

form. The Notice and the Annual Report for the financial

year ended March 31, 2022 shall be available on the

websites of the Company viz. www.irco.com and of the

Stock Exchanges where Equity Shares of the Company

are listed. The Notice shall be available on the e-Voting

website of the agency engaged for providing e-Voting

facility i.e. National Securities Depository Limited

(NSDL) viz. https://www.evoting.nsdl.com

8. National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) shall be

providing facility for voting through remote e-voting,

for participation in the AGM through VC/OAVM

facility and e-voting during the AGM. The procedure

for participating in the AGM through VC/OAVM is

explained in Note 24 (I) (C) below. Participation at the

AGM through VC/OAVM shall be allowed on a first-

come-first-served basis.

9. The Company has provided the facility to Members to

exercise their right to vote by electronic means both

through remote e-voting and e-voting during the

AGM. The process of remote e-voting with necessary

instructions are given in the subsequent paragraphs.

Such remote e-voting facility is in addition to e-voting

that will take place during the 100th AGM being held

through VC/OAVM.

10. Members joining the meeting through VC/OAVM, who

have not already cast their vote by means of remote

e-voting, shall be able to exercise their right to vote

through e-voting at the AGM. The Members who have

cast their vote by remote e-voting prior to the AGM may

also join the AGM through VC/OAVM but shall not be

entitled to cast their vote again.

11. The Register of Members and the Share Transfer Books

of the Company will remain closed from July 12, 2022

to July 14, 2022, both days inclusive, for the purpose of

payment of dividend, if declared at this AGM.

12. The Dividend on Equity Shares as recommended by

the Board of Directors for the financial year ended on

March 31, 2022, if declared at this AGM, will be paid :

(i) in respect of shares held in electronic form on

the basis of beneficial ownership as per details

furnished by the National Securities Depository

Limited (NSDL) and the Central Depository Services

(India) Limited (CDSL), as at the end of business on

July 11, 2022;

(ii) in respect of shares held in physical form to those

Members whose names appear on the Register of

Members of the Company after giving effect to all

valid share transfers lodged with the Registrars and

Share Transfer Agents on or before July 11, 2022.

The Company will dispatch the demand drafts

towards dividend on August 18, 2022.

13. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI)

has made it mandatory for all companies to use the

bank account details furnished by the depositories

for depositing dividends. Bank account details given

by Members to their Depository Participant(s) (DPs)

Notice:

Letter etc. together with attested

specimen signature of the duly authorised

signatory(ies) who are authorized to

vote, to the Scrutinizer through e-mail to

evoting@irco.com with a copy marked to

evoting@nsdl.co.in

xv. In case of any queries/grievances, you

may refer the Frequently Asked Questions

(FAQs) for Members and e-voting User

Manual available at the ‘download’ section

of evoting@nsdl.com of NSDL or can be

addressed to Ms. Sarita Mote, Assistant

Manager, NSDL, 4th Floor, ‘A’ Wing, Trade

World, Kamala Mills Compound, Senapati

Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai - 400

013. E-mail: evoting@nsdl.co.in, Toll Free

No. 1800222990

B. Instructions for members for e-voting on the

day of AGM are as under:

i.

The procedure for e-Voting on the day

of the AGM is same as the instructions

mentioned above for remote e-voting

ii.

Only those Members/shareholders, who

will be present in the AGM through VC/

OAVM facility and have not cast their

vote on the Resolutions through remote

e-Voting and are otherwise not barred

from doing so, shall be eligible to vote

through e-Voting system during the AGM

iii.

Members who have voted through remote

e-Voting will be eligible to attend the

AGM. However, they will not be eligible

to vote at the AGM.

iv.

The details of the person who may be

contacted for any grievances connected

with the facility for e-Voting on the day

of the AGM shall be the same person

mentioned for remote e-voting

C. Instructions for members for attending the

AGM through VC/OAVM are as under:

i.

Member will be provided with a facility

to attend the AGM through VC/OAVM

through the NSDL e-Voting system.

Members may access the same at

https://www.evoting.nsdl.com

under

shareholders/members login by using

the remote e-voting credentials. The

link for VC/OAVM will be available in

shareholder/

members

login

where

the EVEN of Company, i.e. 120322

will be displayed. Please note that the

Notice:

letter,

mentioning the name, folio number/demat

account details & number of shares held and

complete postal address;

(ii) Self-attested scanned copy of PAN card; and

(iii) Self-attested scanned copy of any document

(such as AADHAR card / latest electricity

bill / latest telephone bill / driving license /

passport / voter ID card / bank passbook) in

support of the postal address of the Member

as registered against their shareholding.

Members who hold shares in physical mode

and already having valid e-mail addresses

registered with the Company/RTA need not

take any further action in this regard.

25. Procedure to raise Questions / seek Clarifications

(i) As the AGM is being conducted through VC/

OAVM, the Members are encouraged to express

their views / send their queries well in advance for

smooth conduct of the AGM not later than 5.00 PM

(IST) on August 8, 2022 mentioning their names,

folio numbers / demat account numbers, e-mail

addresses at Pramod.hegde@irco.com and only

such questions/queries received by the Company

till the said date and time shall be considered and

responded during the AGM.

(ii) Members willing to express their views or ask

questions during the AGM are required to register

themselves as speakers by sending their requests

from Monday, August 1, 2022 (9.00 AM IST)

to Tuesday, August 9, 2022 (5.00 PM IST) at

Pramod.hegde@irco.com from their registered

e-mail addresses mentioning their names, folio

numbers / demat account numbers, PAN details

and mobile numbers. Only those members who

have registered themselves as speakers will be

allowed to express their views/ask questions during

the AGM. The Chairman of the Meeting / the

Company reserves the right to restrict the number

of questions, time allotted and number of speakers

to ensure smooth conduct of AGM.

26. All documents referred to in this Notice and

accompanying explanatory statement are open for

inspection at the registered office of the Company on

all working days of the company between 10.00 am

IST and 1.00 pm IST up to the date of the AGM and at

the deemed venue of the AGM for the duration of this

AGM.

27. With a view to serving the members better and of

administrative convenience, an attempt would be made

to consolidate multiple folios. Members who hold shares

in identical and in the same order of names in more

than one folio are requested to write to the Company’s

Registrar and Share Transfer Agent M/s TSR Consultants

Private Limited to consolidate their holdings in one

folio.

By Order of the Board of Directors,

For INGERSOLL – RAND (INDIA) LIMITED

P. R. SHUBHAKAR

General Manager - Corp. Finance & Company Secretary

Bengaluru, May 30, 2022

Registered Office:

First Floor, Subramanya Arcade,

No. 12/1, Bannerghatta Road,

Bengaluru – 560 029

CIN: L05190KA1921PLC036321

Website: www.irco.com

Notice:

Managing Director of your Company on August 05, 2016 for

term a of five years. Upon completion of his term, he was

re-appointed as: Managing Director, retirable by rotation, at

the previous Annual General Meeting held on September 2,

2021 for another term of five years effective August 5, 2021.

Upon taking up a global role within Ingersoll Rand group as

Vice President and General Manager, ITS MEIA and Global

High Pressure business, Mr. Amar Kaul resigned as Managing

Director of the Company effective close of business hours on

October 14, 2021 and continued to serve as Non-Executive

Director on the Board. Pursuant to the recommendation of

the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and subject

to the approval of the shareholders, the Board re-designated

him as Non-Executive Director cum

letter confirming their eligibility for

appointment as cost auditor.

The Board has, subject to the ratification by the Members at

this Annual General Meeting, determined the remuneration

of the cost auditor at Rs. 250,000/- plus reimbursement

of out of pocket expenses actually incurred by them in

connection with the cost audit and applicable taxes.

In accordance with the provisions of Section 148 of the Act

read with Rule 14 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors)

Rules, 2014, the remuneration payable to the cost auditor

is required to be ratified by the Members of the Company.

Accordingly, consent of the Members is sought as referred

to in the resolution at Item No. 6 of the Notice for the

payment of remuneration amounting to Rs. 250,000/- plus

applicable taxes and out of pocket expenses for the financial

year ending on March 31, 2023.

None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the

Company and/or their relatives are, in any way, interested or

concerned, financially or otherwise, in the resolution set out

at Item No. 6 of the Notice.

The Board recommends the resolution set forth at Item No.

6 of the Notice for approval by the Members.

By Order of the Board of Directors,

For INGERSOLL – RAND (INDIA) LIMITED

P. R. SHUBHAKAR

General Manager - Corp. Finance & Company Secretary

Bengaluru, May 30, 2022

Registered Office:

First Floor, Subramanya Arcade,

No. 12/1, Bannerghatta Road,

Bengaluru – 560 029

CIN: L05190KA1921PLC036321

Website: www.irco.com:

Managing Director for five years term from August

5, 2016 to August 4, 2021 and re-appointed as: Managing Director

effective Augut 5, 2021. Upon taking up a global role within Ingersoll

Rand group as Vice President and General Manager, ITS MEIA and Global

High Pressure business, Mr. Amar Kaul resigned as Managing Director of

the Company effective close of business hours on October 14, 2021. The

Board has re-designated him as Non-Executive Director cum

Managing Director of the Company

effective close of business hours on October 14, 2021. He continues to be Chairman of the Board. Based on the

recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and subject to approval the shareholders of

the Company, the Board of Directors approved the resignation of Mr. Amar Kaul from the post of Managing

Director and re-designated him as the Non-Executive Director cum Chairman of the Board effective October 15,

2021.

Mr. Amar Kaul retires by rotation at the ensuing Annual General Meeting and being eligible offers himself for

reappointment. The Board recommends the appointment and re-designation of Mr. Amar Kaul as Non-Executive

Director.

The brief resume and other relevant details of Mr. Amar Kaul has been provided in the annexure to the Notice of

the Annual General Meeting.:

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of

this report:

letter.

(1)

Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. My responsibility is to

express an opinion on these secretarial records based on my audit.

(2)

I have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on a test basis to ensure those

correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. I believe that the processes and practices followed provide a

reasonable basis for my opinion.

(3)

I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the company.

(4)

Wherever required, I have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules, and

regulations and happening of events, etc.

(5)

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, and standards is the

responsibility of management. My examination was limited to the verification of procedures on a test basis.

(6)

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Natesh K

Practicing Company Secretary

Place : Bangalore

FCS No. 6835; CP No. 7277

Date : 25.05.2022

UDIN : F006835D000382903:

Managing Director effective October 14, 2021 and re-designated as Non-Executive Director cum Chairman

effective October 15, 2021.

As per disclosure received from the Directors,

-

None of the Directors of the Company for the financial year ended on March 31, 2022, have been debarred or

disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of companies;

-

None of the Directors hold directorships in more than seven listed companies;

-

None of them is a member of more than ten committees or chairman of more than five committees across all the

public companies in which he/she is a Director;

-

None of the Directors of your Company are inter-se related to each other.

The Company has obtained a certificate from Mr. Natesh K, Company Secretary in Practice, in accordance with sub

regulation (3) of Regulation 34 read with sub clause (i) of Clause 10 of Para-C of Schedule V of SEBI Listing Regulations,

that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company for the financial year ended on March 31, 2022, have been

debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of companies, by the Securities and Exchange

Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs, or any other Statutory Authority, which is annexed herewith.

None of the Independent Directors are Promoters or related to Promoters or the Promoter Group. They do not have

pecuniary relationship with the Company and further do not hold two percent or more of the total voting power of the

Company. None of the independent directors of the Company is a non-independent director of another company on

the board of which any non-independent director of the Company is an independent director

Number of other Companies or Committees the Director (being a Director as on the date of the Directors’ Report) is a

Director or member / Chairman respectively:

Name of Director

No. of Other Companies on

Which Director (other than

Private Limited Companies)

No. of Committees* [other

than Ingersoll – Rand (India)

Limited] in which member

Mr. Amar Kaul

(Chairman)

NIL

NIL

Ms. Jayantika Dave

1

1

Mr. Sekhar Natarajan

2

3

Ms. Vijaya Sampath

6

4

Mr. Naveen Samant

NIL

NIL

Ms. Preeti Mohanty

NIL

NIL

* Only Audit Committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee are considered as per SEBI Listing Regulations.

The Board at its meeting held on May 30, 2022 confirmed

-

The names of the listed entities in which he/she is a director and category of directorship held (as below)

-

That Independent Directors fulfill the conditions specified in SEBI Listing Regulations and are independent of the

management.

Report on Corporate Governance (Contd..):

Managing Director, Non-Executive

Directors, Key Managerial Personnel etc. and its review from time to time.

•

Periodically review and suggest revision of the total remuneration package of: Managing Director and Key Managerial

Personnel under the provisions of Act.

•

Decide the actual salary, allowances, perquisites, retirals and increments of Managing Director/Executive Director/

Manager under the Act.

•

Decide the amount of commission/bonus payable to Managing Director/Executive Director/Manager under the

provisions of Act.

In determining the remuneration package of the Managing Director/Executive Director/Manager under the provisions

of Act, the NRC evaluates the remuneration paid by comparable organizations within the industry and across various

industries before making its recommendations to the Board. The compensation is also linked to individual and Company

performance.

The remuneration policy of the Company can be accessed on the Company’s website at www.irco.com

Performance Evaluation of Non-Executive and Independent Directors

Pursuant to the provisions of the Act and Regulation 37(10) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Board has carried

out the annual performance evaluation of its own performance, the Directors individually as well as the evaluation

of the working of its Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee, Corporate Social Responsibility

Committee, Risk Management Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee. A peer review was done by all

the Directors evaluating every other Director. They also evaluated various aspects of the Board such as adequacy

of the composition of the Board and its Committees, Board Diversity, execution and performance of specific duties,

obligations and governance. Feedback on the appraisal has been provided to the board members.

3. STAKEHOLDERS’ RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE

The Stakeholders Relationship Committee has been constituted in compliance with the provisions of Section 178(5) of

the Act read with Regulation 20 and Part D of Schedule II of the SEBI Listing Regulations.

As of March 31, 2022, the Stakeholders Relationship Committee comprise of

Name of the Member/Director

Designation

Mr. Naveen Samant

Managing Director, Executive Director, Manager and senior management. Annual increments are

decided by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee within the limits approved by the members and are generally

effective from April 1st of every year. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee decides on the commission/bonus

payable to the: Managing

Managing Director to this

effect is appended at the end of this Report.

J. CEO/CFO CERTIFICATION

A certificate from Manager under Act and Chief Financial Officer on the integrity of the financial statements and other

matters of the Company for the financial year ended March 31, 2022 was placed before the Board at its meeting held

on May 30, 2022.

K. RISK MANAGEMENT

The Board has established a risk assessment and minimization procedure which is reviewed by the Risk Management

Committee/Board periodically. There is a structure in place to identify and mitigate various identifiable risks faced by

the Company from time to time. These risks are reviewed by the Executive Management of the Company and new risks

are identified. After identification, controls are put in place with specific responsibility of the concerned officer of the

Company.

Report on Corporate Governance (Contd..):

letter no.

MH/Mumbai(Powai)/Exemption/35 dated December 14, 2021 accepted the surrender request and permitted

the Company to comply as un-exempted establishment with effect from February 01, 2022 and make the

contribution equal to a specified percentage of the eligible employee’s salary directly to the Government

administered fund as an un-exempted establishment.

The surrender involved liquidation of investments held by the Trust and payment of past accumulation (i.e.,

employer and employee contribution towards provident fund managed by the Trust including interest thereon)

to EPFO. The investments held by the trust up to the date of surrender were liquidated and the proceeds thereof

were transferred (including loss on sale of investments of Rs. 344.14 contributed by the Company) to EPFO

towards past accumulation. Effective, February 01, 2022, the contributions are made directly to the Government

administered fund.

The below disclosures under provident fund are restricted only to the defined benefit obligation and plan assets

relating to guaranteed interest rate earning and shortfall thereof, if any, as provided by an independent actuary

for the year ended March 31, 2021 only and the below disclosures are not required for the year ended March

31, 2022 as the Trust no longer exists.:

managing director or manager and the chief

financial officer. The Company’s chief operating decision maker (CODM) reviews the performance of the Company as

a whole. Consequently, there is only one segment Air Solutions. Accordingly, there are no additional disclosure to be

provided under Ind AS 108, other than those already provided in the financial statements.

Geographical information

Particulars

Total

March 31, 2022

March 31, 2021

Revenue

India

71,321.58

47,558.17

Outside India

United States

14,972.07

11,049.76

Ireland

3,443.06

1,765.23

Srilanka

630.33

825.08

Singapore

224.64

186.73

France

127.05

147.59

Others

273.20

240.40

90,991.93

61,772.96

Non-Current assets (excluding deferred tax assets)

India

14,107.92

14,066.78

Outside India

-

-

14,107.92

14,066.78

Major customer

Revenue from one customer i.e. Ingersoll-Rand Industrial US Inc., USA is Rs. 14,956.36 for the year ended 31 March

2022 (Ingersoll-Rand Industrial US Inc., USA for the FY 2020-21: Rs.11,049.76) which contributes more than 10%

of the Company total revenue.

34

Events occurring after the reporting period

On 30 May 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company has proposed a dividend of Rs. 20 per fully paid equity

share. The proposed dividend is subject to the approval of shareholders in the ensuing annual general meeting.

Notes to the Financial Statements

(All amounts in Rupees Lakhs, unless otherwise stated):

Managing Director (Upto 15-Oct-2021)

Salaries and other employee benefits

134.25

270.64

Contribution to provident fund

4.75

6.46

Employee share-based payment

185.52

255.58

Inder Arora, Manager (From 15-Oct-2021)

Salaries and other employee benefits

54.53

-

Contribution to provident fund

1.58

-

Employee share-based payment

6.87

-

Preeti Mohanty, CFO

Salaries and other employee benefits

130.18

118.44

Contribution to provident fund

4.70

4.33

Employee share-based payment

12.82

-

Total compensation

535.20

655.45

Note 1: The above does not include provision for gratuity and compensated absences that are calculated for the

Company as a whole.

Note 2: Employee share-based payment represents cash disbursement made directly by ultimate holding company for

options / RSUs exercised during the year. These include options / RSUs vested prior to 01 April 2015. The Company

had excercised the option under Ind AS 101 - First-time Adoption of Indian Accounting Standards not to measure

cost of the options / RSUs vested prior to 01 April 2015 (date of transition to Ind AS).

35

Related party transactions: (Contd.):

