Letter, etc. together with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized

signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer through e-mail at rupesh@cacsindia.com or

investors@kajariaceramics.com or admin@mcsregistrars.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in. Institutional

shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority: Letter etc. by clicking on ‘Upload Board Resolution / Authority Letter’ displayed under ‘e-voting’ tab in their login.

ii.

It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep your password

confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In

such an event, you will need to go through the ‘Forgot User Details/Password?’ or ‘Physical User Reset Password?’ option

available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

iii.

In case of any queries connected with e-voting, you may refer the frequently Asked Question (FAQs) for Shareholders and the

remote e-voting user manual for Shareholders available at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or contact Ms.

Pallavi Mhatre, Manager, NSDL, Trade World, A Wing, Fourth and Fifth Floor, Kamala Mills Compound, Lower Parel,

Mumbai- 400013 through email at evoting@nsdl.co.in or on Toll Free No. 1800 1020 990 / 1800 22 44 30.

23.

Process for those shareholders whose e-mail ids are not registered with the Company / depositories for procuring user id and

password and registration of e-mail ids for e-voting for the resolution(s) set out in this Notice:

i.

In case shares are held in physical mode, please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the share

certificate (front and back), PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of

Aadhar Card) by email to investors@kajariaceramics.com

ii.

In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DP-ID + CL-ID or 16 digit Beneficiary ID),

Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card),

AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to investors@kajariaceramics.com

iii.

If you are an Individual shareholder holding shares in demat mode, you are requested to refer to the login method

explained at Step 1(A) above, i.e. Login method for e-voting and joining the AGM for shareholders holding shares in

demat mode.

iv.

Alternatively, a shareholder may send a request to evoting@nsdl.co.in for procuring user id and password for e-voting

by providing above mentioned documents.

24.

Instructions for members for e-voting on the day of the AGM are as under:

i.

The procedure for e-voting on the day of the AGM is same as the instructions mentioned above for remote e-voting.

ii.

Only those Members, who will be present in the AGM through VC/OAVM facility and have not cast their vote on the

resolution(s) through remote e-voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-

voting system in the AGM.

iii.

Members who have voted through remote e-voting will be eligible to attend the AGM. However, they will not be eligible

to vote in the AGM.

iv.

The details of the person who may be contacted for any grievances connected with the facility for e-voting on the day of

the AGM shall be the same person mentioned under ‘General Guidelines for e-voting’.

25.

Instructions for members for attending the AGM through VC/OAVM are as under:

i.

A Member will be provided with a facility to attend the AGM through VC/OAVM through the NSDL e-voting system. The

Members may access by following the steps mentioned above for ‘Access to NSDL e-voting system’. After successful

login, you can see link of ‘VC/OAVM link’ placed under ‘Join the Meeting’ menu against the Company’s name. You are

requested to click on VC/OAVM link placed under Join the Meeting menu. The link for VC/OAVM will be available in

Shareholder/Member login where the EVEN of the Company will be displayed. Please note that the members who do

not have the User ID and Password for e-voting or have forgotten the User ID and Password may retrieve the same by

following the remote e-voting instructions mentioned in the notice to avoid last minute rush.

ii.

Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops for better experience.

iii.

Further, Members will be required to allow Camera and use Internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance during

the Meeting.

iv.

Please note that Participants connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via Mobile

Hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss due to Fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore recommended to

use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.

v.

The shareholders who have registered themselves as a speaker will only be allowed to express their views/ask

questions during the AGM.

Managing Director of

the Company, as approved

by the members at the AGM

held on September 28,

2021.

Mr. Rishi Kajaria

(DIN:00228455)

14.10.1978

44 Years

26.07.2003

B . S c . i n B u s i n e s s

Administration from Boston

University, U.S.A.

He joined Kajaria Ceramics

in the year 2003 and

spearheads the vitrified tile

vertical. Initially, he opted

for trading vitrified tiles

rather than joining the race

of setting up capacities.

After importing for 5 years,

he decided to manufacture

them. The first production

unit for vitrified tile was

started in Sikandrabad in

2010. Subsequently,

K a j a r i a C e r a m i c s

commissioned a huge

expansion of vitrified tiles at

Gailpur in 2011. The next

capacity addition came

through joint ventures in

Morbi, Gujarat. With this

strategy, he added capacity

without any gestation

period and acquired reach.

H e i d e n t i f i e d t h e

opportunity in the Bathware

segment and started

Kajaria Bathware. He is

also responsible for

spearheading the lateral

shift of the company into

Sanitaryware and faucets in

keeping with the overall

growth master plan.

There is no change in the

terms and conditions

relating to appointment of

Mr. Rishi Kajaria as the

Joint: Managing Director of

the Company, as approved

by the members at the AGM

held on September 28,

2021.

Dr. Lalit Kumar Panwar

(DIN: 03086982)

11.07.1955

67 Years

T h e B o a r d h a s

recommended, for his

a p p o i n t m e n t a s a n

Independent Director of the

C o m p a n y t o t h e

s h a r e h o l d e r s o f t h e

Company for their approval

th

at the 36 Annual General

Meeting of the Company.

Ph.D. in Tourism, M.Sc. and

B.Sc.

He is a retired IAS officer

and he has wide experience

i n t h e a c a d e m i c s ,

bureaucracy, management

& industry.

He served as the Secretary

of the Ministry of Tourism /

Ministry of Minority Affairs of

Govt. of India and also with

the Govt. of Rajasthan

including Vice Chancellor,

Rajasthan ILD Skills

U n i v e r s i t y , J a i p u r

(Rajasthan),

Dear Shareholders

this change has required us to realign

our business operations, which we have

faithfully done over the last decade.

Having delivered another industry-

beating performance, we are all Charged

Up!

Because what we see over the horizon is

as exciting as it is real.

India is at the cusp of a positive

breakout largely driven by infrastructure

and industrialisation which is expected

to brighten our business landscape.

With estimated GDP growth in

excess of 7% in FY23, India is poised

to become the fastest growing major

economy in the world. Moreover,

this economic growth is expected to

be spurred by massive infrastructure

spending as outlined in the Union

Budget 2022-23.

Additionally, the Government is firm on

its ambition of transforming India into a

global manufacturing hub. The recently

announced Production Linked Incentive

(PLI) schemes for promoting Telecom

& Networking Products Manufacturing

in India formulated with the objective

of creating global champions in

manufacturing testimony to this resolve.

This is already transpiring as new

investment and capex announcements

by the private sector witnessed a 145%

rise in FY22 over the previous year. As

these announcements translate into

on-ground realities, we should see

interesting growth opportunities.

Now coming to the real estate market.

India’s real estate sector ended FY22 on

a very firm footing, registering one of

the highest growth in recent times. And

FY23 is poised to be a promising year

for the Indian housing market as buyer

confidence and property ownership

capability scale a few notches higher.

From a more medium term perspective,

retail, hospitality, and commercial real

estate are also growing significantly,

providing the much-needed

infrastructure for India’s growing needs.

We expect significantly large

opportunity to come from the hospital

sector. We are quite confident that

India in the aftermath of the pandemic

will focus on strengthening its hospital

infrastructure. This has already started.

Chetan Kajaria

Joint Mg. Director

Rishi Kajaria

Joint Mg. Director

014 KAJARIA CERAMICS LIMITED:

Dear shareholders,

Your Directors are pleased to present the 36th Annual Report together with the audited financial statements of your the Company for

the financial year ended 31st March 2022.

Financial Results

The Company’s financial performance for the year ended on 31st March 2022 is summarized below:

(I in Crores)

Particular

Standalone

Consolidated

Year ended

31st March 2022

Year ended

31st March 2021

Year ended

31st March 2022

Year ended

31st March 2021

Revenue from Operations

3,299

2,523

3,705

2,781

Profit Before Other Income, Exceptional Items,

Depreciation, Interest and taxes

532

460

611

509

Profit before Tax

485

413

510

413

Tax Expense

123

105

127

104

Profit After Tax (before Minority interest)

362

308

383

309

Minority Interest

-

-

(6)

(1)

Profit After Tax (after Minority interest)

362

308

377

308

Financial highlights and state of Affairs of the Company

In a fiscal marked with ups and downs, Kajaria remained steadfast on its resolve to sustain its momentum.

Despite the rather bumpy start to FY22, Kajaria remained resilient with disciplined determination to report a stellar performance. The

cohesive team worked relentlessly on widening the reach and uplifting the aesthetic quotient of its product offering which allowed it

to capitalise on the burgeoning opportunities in the residential housing and commercial office space sectors.

As a heartening fallout, the Company’s revenue crossed the C3,000 crore mark for the first time in its illustrious journey, C3,705 crore.

The Company reported a Net Profit of C376.98 crore, an increase of 22% over the previous year.

The State of Affair of the Company is detailed in the ‘Management Discussion and Analysis’ section which forms part of this report.:

Managing Director(s) of the Company, for the further

period of five (5) years w.e.f. 1st April, 2021 to 31st March, 2026.

Mr. Chetan Kajaria and Mr. Rishi Kajaria, who are liable to retire

by rotation, have offered themselves for re-appointment(s) as

the Director(s) at the ensuing AGM of the Company. The Board

recommends for their re-appointment(s) in the ensuing AGM of

the Company.

The Board of Directors (‘the Board’) has recomended appointment

of Dr. Lalit Kumar Panwar as an Independent Director for a period

of five consecutive years to be effective from the conclusion of

the ensuring AGM of the Company, to the Shareholders of the

Company for their approval at the ensuring AGM of the Company.

All Independent Directors of the Company have given declarations

that they meet the criteria of independence as prescribed under

Section 149(6) of the Act read with Regulations 16(1)(b) & 25(8)

of the Listing Regulations and in the opinion of the Board of

the Company, all Independent Directors of the Company have

integrity, expertise, experience as prescribed under the Companies

(Appointment and Disqualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 read

with the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 (including amendment

thereof).

All Directors of the Company have also given declarations that they

are not debarred from holding the office of Director by virtue of

any SEBI order or any other such statutory authority as required

under the Circular dated 20th June, 2018 issued by BSE Limited and

National Stock Exchange of India Limited.

Further, except as stated above there is no other change in the

composition of Key Managerial Personnel of the Company.

Performance Evaluation

The Board has, on recommendation of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee and in line with the Nomination and

Remuneration Policy of the Company, carried out an annual

performance evaluation of the Board as a whole, its Committees

and all Directors including the Chairman.

The manner in which the annual performance evaluation

has been carried out has been explained in the Corporate

Governance Report.

Nomination and Remuneration Policy

On the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee, the Board has framed a policy for selection and

appointment of Directors, Senior Management including Key

Managerial Personnel and other Senior Management and their

remuneration. The Nomination and Remuneration Policy includes

the criteria for determining qualification, positive attributes,

independence, etc. is placed on the Company’s website, i.e. https://

www.kajariaceramics.com/pdf/Nomination_Remuneration_

Policy.pdf

Details of remuneration under Section 197 of the Act and read with

Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of

Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 is stated in Annexure- 4, which

forms part of this report.

Statutory Audit

M/s Walker Chandiok & Co LLP, Chartered Accountants, (Firm

Registration Number 001076N/N500013), the Statutory Auditors of

the Company has given their report(s) on the financial statements

of the Company for the financial year ended 31st March, 2022,

which forms part of the Annual Report. There is no qualification,

reservation, adverse remark, comments, observations or disclaimer

given by the Statutory Auditors in their report(s). There were no:

Managing Director

Date: 21st July, 2022

DIN: 00273877:

Managing Director

Date: 21st July, 2022

DIN: 00273877:

Managing Director

Chairperson, CSR Committee

(DIN: 00273877)

(DIN: 02284266):

Managing Director, Joint Managing Directors, Executive Director,

Company Secretary and Chief Financial Officer of the Company during the financial year 2021-22:

Sl.

No.

Name of Director /

KMP

Designation

Ratio of Remuneration of

each Director to median

remuneration of employees

Percentage increase

in Remuneration*

1

Mr. Ashok Kajaria

(DIN: 00273877)

Chairman &: Managing Director

100:1

114.77%

2

Mr. Chetan Kajaria

(DIN: 00273928)

Joint Managing Director

98:1

99.86%

3

Mr. Rishi Kajaria

(DIN: 00228455)

Joint Managing Director

98:1

99.86%

4

Mr. Ram Chandra Rawat

(FCS 5101)

COO (A&T) & Company Secretary

Not Applicable

24.07%

5

Mr. Sanjeev Agarwal

Chief Financial Officer

Not Applicable

26.86%

Note:

a. *Due to COVID-19 pandemic, the

Managing Director / Joint: Managing Director / Chief

Executive Officer or Manager and in their absence, a

Whole-time Director;

o

Chief Financial Officer;

o

Company Secretary; and

o

Such other officer(s), as may be prescribed.

‘Nomination and Remuneration Committee’ or ‘Committee’

shall mean a Committee of the Board of Directors of the

Company, constituted in accordance with the provisions of

Section 178 of the Act and the Listing Regulations.

‘Policy’ means Nomination and Remuneration Policy of

the Company.

‘Senior Management’ shall mean officers/personnel of

the Company, who are members of its core management

team excluding Board of Directors and this shall comprise

all members of management one level below the Chief

Executive Officer/Managing Director/Whole-time Director

(including Chief Executive Officer, in case he is not part of the

Board) and shall also include the Company secretary and Chief

financial officer of the Company.

4. APPLICABILITY

The Policy is applicable to:

•

Directors (including Independent Directors);

•

Key Managerial Personnel (‘KMPs’); and

•

Senior Management

5. CONSTITUTION OF COMMITTEE

The members of the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee will be appointed by the Board and the Committee

will comprise of three or more Non-executive Directors out of

which not less than one-half shall be Independent Directors.

The

Managing Director/

Whole time Director, who has attained the age of 70

years provided that the term of the person holding this

position may be extended beyond the age of seventy

years with the approval of shareholders by passing a

special resolution based on the explanatory statement

annexed to the notice for such motion indicating the

justification for extension of appointment beyond

seventy years.

3.

The Company shall not appoint a person or continue the

Directorship of any person as a Non-executive Director

who has attained the age of 75 years unless a special

resolution is passed to that effect, in which case the

explanatory statement annexed to the notice for such

motion shall indicate the justification for appointing such

a person.

Term / Tenure:

1.: Managing Director / Whole-time Director:

The Company shall appoint or re-appoint any person

as its Executive

letter of appointment, the Committee may recommend, to

the Board with reasons recorded in writing, removal of a

Director, KMPs or Senior Management Personnel.

Retirement:

The Director, KMPs and Senior Management Personnel shall

retire as per the applicable provisions of the Act or any other

applicable Act, rules/regulations and the prevailing policy/

guidelines of the Company. The Board will have the discretion

to retain the Director, KMPs, Senior Management Personnel

in the same position / remuneration or otherwise even after

attaining the retirement age, for the benefit/interest of

the Company.

8. POLICY RELATING TO THE REMUNERATION

FOR THE WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR (EXECUTIVE

DIRECTOR), KMPs AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

PERSONNEL

General:

(i)

The remuneration/compensation/commission etc.,

to the Whole-time Director (WTD), KMPs and Senior

Management Personnel will be considered by the

Committee and recommended to the Board for its

approval. The remuneration/compensation/commission

of WTD/MD, etc. shall be subject to the prior/post

approval of the shareholders of the Company and the

provisions of the Act & the Listing Regulations.

(ii) The remuneration and commission to be paid to the

Whole-time Director shall be in accordance with the

percentage/slabs/conditions as per the provisions of the

Act & the Listing Regulations.

(iii) Increments to the existing remuneration/compensation

structure may be recommended by the Committee to

the Board which should be within the slabs approved by

the Shareholders in the case of Whole-time Director only.

(iv) Where any insurance is taken by the Company on behalf

of its Whole-time Director, Chief Executive Officer,

Chief Financial Officer, the Company Secretary and any

other employees for indemnifying them against any

liability, the premium paid on such insurance shall not

be treated as part of the remuneration payable to any

such personnel. Provided that if such person is proved

to be guilty, the premium paid on such insurance shall

be treated as part of the remuneration.

(v) The fees/compensation payable to Executive Directors,

who are promoters or members of the promoter group,

shall be subject to the approval of the shareholders by

special resolution in general meeting, if:

o

the annual remuneration payable to such Executive

Director exceeds C5 crore or 2.5% of the net profits

of the Company, whichever is higher; or

o

where there is more than one such Executive

Director, the aggregate annual remuneration to

such Executive Directors exceeds 5% of the net

profits of the Company.

The approval of the shareholders under Clause 8(v)

above shall be valid only till the expiry of the term of

such Executive Director.

Remuneration to the: Managing

letter, whichever is

higher. There will not be any severance fees.

10. DISCLOSURE

Information on the total remuneration of members of the

Company’s Board of Directors, WTD/MD/JMD and KMPs/Senior

Management personnel will be disclosed in the Company’s

annual financial statements, etc., as per the provisions of Act,

the Listing Regulations and other statutory requirements.

The disclosures regarding this Policy shall be made on the

Company’s website www.kajariaceramics.com and in the

Annual Report of the Company, as per the provisions of the

Act, the Listing Regulations and other statutory requirements.

11. EFFECTIVE DATE

This Policy shall be effective w.e.f. April 1, 2019.

12. REVIEW / AMENDMENT

The Board of Directors of the Company, on recommendation

of the Committee, may amend, abrogate, modify or revise

any or all provisions of this Policy. However, amendments in

the Act/other applicable laws shall be binding even if not

incorporated in this Policy.:

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this report.

(ii) Due to restricted movement amid COVID-19 pandemic, we conducted the secretarial audit by examining the Secretarial Records

including Minutes, Documents, Registers and other records etc., and some of them received by way of electronic mode from the

Company and could not be verified from the original records. The management has confirmed that the records submitted to us

are the true and correct. This Report is limited to the Statutory Compliances on laws / regulations / guidelines listed in our report of

which, the due date has been ended/expired on or before March 31, 2022 pertaining to Financial Year 2021-22.:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion

on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2. We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of

the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on the random test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected

in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4. Where ever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and

happening of events etc.

5. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of

management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on random test basis.

6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with

which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Chandrasekaran Associates

Company Secretaries

FRN: P1988DE002500

Peer Review Certificate No.: 1428/2021

Rupesh Agarwal

Managing Partner

Membership No. A16302

Certificate of Practice No. 5673

UDIN: A016302D000634249

Place: Delhi

Date: 21. 07. 2022:

Managing Director

Date: 21st July, 2022

DIN: 00273877:

Managing Director -Kajaria Exports

Limited

2.

Mr. Chetan Kajaria

47

Joint Managing

Director

B. Engg. (Petrochem), Pune

University, MBA from Boston

College (USA)

22

15.01.2000

5.56: Managing

letter given

by the Company.

3.

Mr. Ashok Kajaria, Mr. Chetan Kajaria, Mr. Rishi Kajaria, Mr. Sanjeev Agarwal, Mr. Pankaj Sethi, Mr. Gautam Seth, Mr. Vivek Goyal,

Mr. Dipankar Bhattacharya and Mr. G. P. Nirmal hold 10,47,004 equity shares, 13,39,880 equity shares, 18,05,716 equity shares, 30,000

equity shares, 20,500 equity shares, 4,500 equity shares, 7,502 equity shares, 500 equity shares, and 16,000 equity shares of the

Company, respectively.

4.

None of the above referred employees, except as mentioned in Note No. 3 above, hold equity shares of the Company.

5.

Mr. Ashok Kajaria, Chairman &: Managing Director is father of Mr. Chetan Kajaria and Mr. Rishi Kajaria, Joint Managing Directors, of

the Company. Except this, no employee is relative of any Directors of the Company.

For and on behalf of Board

Ashok Kajaria

Place: New Delhi

Managing Director

4

4

Yes

1

0

1

Mr. Rishi Kajaria

(DIN: 00228455) $

Joint: Managing Director

4

4

Yes

1

0

0

Mr. Dev Datt Rishi

(DIN: 00312882)

Director - (Non-Executive)

4

4

Yes

1

0

0

Mr. Raj Kumar Bhargava

(DIN: 00016949)

Director (Non-Executive &

Independent)

4

4

Yes

3

3

2

Mr. Debi Prasad Bagchi

(DIN: 00061648)

Director (Non-Executive &

Independent)

4

4

Yes

1

0

1

Mr. H. Rathnakar Hegde

(DIN: 05158270)

Director (Non-Executive &

Independent)

4

4

Yes

1

0

1

Mrs. Sushmita Singha

(DIN: 02284266)

Director (Non-Executive &

Independent)

4

4

Yes

4@

1

1

* Excluded the Directorship held in private limited companies, foreign companies and companies incorporated under Section 8 of the Act, as per

Regulation 26 of the Listing Regulations, but included Kajaria Ceramics Limited.

** Included only the Membership/

Managing Director in another Listed Company.

Board Meetings

The Board meets at least once in every quarter through physical

and/or electronic mode, in compliance of applicable laws, to

discuss and decide on, inter-alia, business strategies/policies

and review the financial performance of the Company and its

subsidiaries and other items on agenda. Additional meetings are

held from time to time as and when necessary.

The notice of each Board Meeting is given in writing to each

Director of the Company. The agenda along with the relevant

notes and other material information are sent to each Director in

advance and in exceptional cases tabled at the meeting.

Also, the Board meetings of the Company have been held

with proper compliance of the provisions of the Act, the

Listing Regulations [including Notifications/Circulars issued

thereunder, from time to time] and the Secretarial Standards, as

applicable thereon.

During the financial year 2021-22, four (4) Board Meetings were

held, at least one in every calendar quarter as permitted under

the Act read with the Listing Regulations [including Notifications/:

letter of appointment is given to him/her, which,

inter-alia, explains the role, functions, duties and responsibilities

expected from him/her as an Independent Director of the

Company. The Independent Director is also explained in detail

the nature, business model of the industry and compliances

under the Act, the Listing Regulations and other relevant rules &

regulations. The Chairman &: Managing Director also has one to

one discussion with the newly appointed Director to familiarize

him/her with the Company’s Operations. The Board Members

are provided with necessary documents, reports and policies to

enable them to familiarize with the Company’s Procedures and

Practices. Periodic presentations are made at the Board and its

Committee Meetings on the Company’s Business, performance

and other relevant updates.

The familiarization program alongwith details thereof has been

uploaded on the Company’s website at https://www.kajariaceramics.

com/pdf/FamiliarisationProgrammeforIndependentDirectors.pdf /

https://www.kajariaceramics.com/pdf/Details_of_Familarisation_

Programme_of_Independent_Directors_231021.pdf

Audit Committee

During the year 2021-22, the Committee met four (4) times i.e. 14th

June, 2021, 3rd August, 2021, 22nd October, 2021 and 21st January,

2022. The composition of the Committee and details of meetings

attended by the Directors are as follows:

Name of the

Committee

Member

Category

Designation

No. of

Meetings

Attended

Mr. Raj Kumar

Bhargava

Non-executive &

Independent

Managing Director and Joint Managing Directors are

governed by the recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and approvals by the Board and shareholders of

the Company. The terms and conditions of appointment (including remuneration package) of the Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director of the Company

• Re-appointment of Mr. Chetan Kajaria as the Joint: Managing

Managing Director

of the Chief Executive Officer: As per the Articles of

Association of the Company and in accordance with the

provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the Company

continues to appoint one person as the Chairman &: Managing Director of the Company

e. Reporting of Internal Auditor: Independent Internal

Auditor has been appointed and is reporting directly to

the Audit Committee.

o) CEO / CFO Certificate

The

Managing Director

DIN: 00273877

Place : New Delhi

Date : 21st July, 2022:

Managing Director

CFO:

letter, debarment, etc.

Observations/ remarks of the

Practicing Company Secretary, if any.

NIL

(d)

The listed entity has taken the following actions to comply with the observations made in previous reports:

Sr.

No.

Observations of the

Practicing Company

Secretary in the previous

reports

Observations made in the

secretarial compliance report

for the year ended March 31,

2021.

Actions taken by

the listed entity,

if any

Comments of the Practicing

Company Secretary on the actions

taken by the listed entity

Not Applicable

(e) The Company has suitably included the conditions as mentioned in Para 6(A) and 6(B) of the SEBI Circular CIR/CFD/CMD1/114/2019,

dated October 18, 2019 in the terms of appointment of statutory auditor of the Company.

For Chandrasekaran Associates

Company Secretaries

FRN: P1988DE002500

Peer Review Certificate No.: 1428/2021

Rupesh Agarwal

Managing Partner

Membership No. A16302

Certificate of Practice No. 5673

UDIN: A016302D000326557

Date: 16.05.2022

Place: Delhi

Notes: Due to restricted movement amid COVID-19 pandemic, we conducted the secretarial audit by examining the Secretarial Records including

Minutes, Documents, Registers and other records etc., and some of them received by way of electronic mode from the Company and could not be

verified from the original records. The management has confirmed that the records submitted to us are the true and correct. This Report is limited to

the Statutory Compliances on laws / regulations / guidelines listed in our report of which, the due date has been ended/expired on or before March 31,

2022 pertaining to Financial Year 2021-22.:

Managing Director

DIN : 00273877

9. Does the entity have a specified

Committee of the Board/

Director responsible for decision

making on sustainability related

issues? (Yes / No). If yes, provide

details.

Yes. The Company has constituted a Business Responsibility & Sustainability Committee

(“BRS Committee”) to oversee the implementation of the policy.:

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

2

Mr. Chetan Kajaria

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Mr. Chetan Kajaria

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

