letter dated July 5, 2022, this is to inform you that the 41 st Annual General Meeting

("AGM") of the Company will be held on Thursday, August 4, 2022 at 11 :00 A.M. 1ST through Video

Conferencing ("VC") / Other Audio Visual Means ("OAVM") in accordance with the relevant circulars issued

by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs and Securities & Exchange Board of India from time to time.

In compliance with Regulation 34(1) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015, we do hereby submit the following:

(i)

Integrated Annual Report of the Company for the financial year 2021-22; and

(ii)

the Notice calling 41 st AGM of the Company.

Further, above documents are being sent through electronic mode to all the shareholders whose e-mail

address are registered with the Depositories/ Company/ Registrar and Share Transfer Agent. The

Integrated Annual Report and Notice of AGM are also available on the website of the Company at

www. kalpataru power. com.

Kindly take the same on records.

Thanking you,

Yours faithfully,

For Kalpataru Power Transmission Li

~DLL

Krunal Shah

Compliance Officer

Encl. a/a

ISO 9001 CERTIFIED COMPANY

Corporate Office: 81, Kalpataru Synergy, Opp. Grand Hyatt, Santacruz (Ej, Mumbai-400 055. India.

Tei. : +91 22 3064 2100 ■ Fox: +91 22 3064 2500 ■ www.kalpatarupower.com:

Dear Stakeholders,

The financial year 2021-22 was characterised by severe

second wave of Covid-19 pandemic, global geo-political

conflicts, high inflation and unprecedented volatility in

commodity prices along with broad disruptions in the global

supply chain. Against this challenging backdrop, we have

delivered a noteworthy financial performance driven by top-

line growth, consistent profitability, successful management

of cost and improved market leadership position. Combined

with our execution excellence, compelling business

portfolio, customer connect and cost focused approach,

we have delivered a record performance year after year,

demonstrating the strength of our resilient business model,

which is designed to succeed in any operating environment.

Improved Business Performance - Strong Financial

Position and Leading Business Portfolio

The financial year 2021-22 was a year of demand

recovery and notable order booking for KPTL and JMC on

account of strong impetus on infrastructure development

by Government, revival of real estate sector, pick-up in

industrial activity and rising adoption of renewables. We

quickly identified and responded to the cost inflation

challenge by successfully implementing cost reduction

initiatives, effective hedging and improving operating

efficiency to offset increased raw material and freight costs

and, at the same time, continuing to provide efficient project

delivery to our customers.

I am happy to report that we have achieved turnover of

` 14,777 Crores at consolidated level, with growth of 14%

over the previous year. Our EBITDA margin remained

healthy at 9% in 2021-22, which was lower than 2020-21

primarily due to cost inflation. Our consolidated PAT was

` 535 Crores with EPS of ` 36.3 for 2021-22.

We have consistently demonstrated our track record

of strong cash generation and efficient working capital

management as we have reduced our consolidated net

debt by 17% from 2019-20 levels. Our net debt is at ` 1,902

Crores with a net debt to equity ratio of 0.43x. We continue

to make considerable progress on our deleveraging journey

with improvement in working capital days, record number

of project closures and divestment of T&D BOOT portfolio.

KPTL will continue with its deleveraging journey by actively

looking to exit non-core businesses and improving its

capital management.

We plan to complete restructuring on Wainganga Road

Project and refinancing for Vindyachal Road Project in

2022-23. In case of Kurukshetra Road Project, we have

issued notice of termination and handed over the asset in

line with the provisions of the concession agreement. These

steps will improve the operational viability of Road BOOT

assets.

The Board of Directors clearly understands the importance

of returns to shareholders and, as a result of the Company’s

strong financial profile and confidence in its strategy and

growth outlook, have proposed a dividend of ` 6.5 per share,

subject to approval of shareholders. KPTL continues to

have a progressive dividend policy as we have consistently

improved its dividend payout from 12% in 2019-20 to 25%

in 2020-21 and 19% in 2021-22. Going forward, the Board

aims to use the Company’s free cash flow to fund its capex,

invest in new growth opportunities in the core business, and

make further returns to shareholders as appropriate.

KPTL and JMC has a leading

market position, with a

sound strategy, as we have

successfully navigated

the pandemic and volatile

operating environment.

Simultaneously, we have also

delivered a robust financial

performance.

Financial

Statements

19

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22:

letter from the PMC for

implementing best SOPs for all site activities.

Success Factors and Achievements:

Throughout the project, KPTL team relied heavily

on mechanisation to tackle the challenges

imposed. We deployed machinery like Batching

Plant, Ajax Fiori, RRVs (Rail cum Road Vehicle)

BOB CAT, and GAMZEN, among others to address

the client requirements efficiently. Further, KPTL

team deployed automatic wiring train to facilitate

simultaneous working while also executing Spring-

type Auto Tensioning Device to minimise space

requirement and maintain constant tension.

Being the first Company to electrify any section of

Konkan Railway Corporation Limited, our work was

highly appreciated by the client and also received

appreciation from the Honorable Prime Minister of

India.

Financial

Statements

27

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22:

letter and in

spirit.

A Kalpataru Welfare Trust was founded in 2006 to support

our internal stakeholders – employees, workers, and

labourers. The trust helps them with their education, health,

and in the event of their death (for contractor workers).

Employee Care

Role Clarity

Values

Meritocracy

People Policies

Owernship

Loyalty & Trust

Manager & HOD

Infrastructure

Team

LTiFr

Lost time

incidents

First aid

cases

number of

occupational

diseases

0.29

14 nos.

1,651

nos.

0 nos.

0.08

4 nos.

874 nos.

0 nos.

0.30

18 nos.

861 nos.

0 nos.

2019-20

HSe issues

2020-21

2021-22

Financial

Statements

63

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22:

letter

to BU/RO/ site from

MD/EHS head

Integrations of

EHS in planning &

designing stage of

every new project

KPTL TOLL FREE

number (1800 833

7979 ) for convenient

reporting of unsafe

act/conditions.

Detailed training

during induction

Regular workshops

and on-the-

job training for

contractors &

project mangers

Behavioural based

safety-cultural

transformation

Emergency Drill

Safety Passport

EHS Awards &

Disciplinary Policy

Fast track incident

call tree

WHY-WHY

Analysis

Knowledge

Management

system: Sharing

of lessons learnt

from incidents to

prevent Recurrence

monitoring:

Daily: project-wise

EHS data collation

and review.

Monthly: Rapid

Quantitive EHS

assessment of

each site

Quarterly: Team

Assessments and

EHS updates to

chairman / board

of director

measurement:

Detailed dashboard

with Company-

level consolidates

view and site-level

issues drill down.

3-layer cross entity

audits

activities and complies with our Health and Safety

Management System as well as ISO standards. The QHSE

team routinely meets and exceeds its KPIs, ensuring that

our Company’s health and safety practices are continually

improved.

Financial

Statements

65

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22:

Managing Director of Kalpataru Limited, the flagship real estate arm of the Group.

He is responsible for Group’s Real Estate and Property Development business. At Group

level, he provides strategic support and drives new business initiatives. He is a graduate in

Commerce and holds an MBA from Carnegie Mellon University, USA.

Sajjanraj Mehta

Independent Director

He is a renowned senior professional and expert in the field of Accounting, Tax and

Corporate Law. He has over 45 years of experience and serves as consultant in the field of

Foreign Exchange, Taxation and Corporate laws to renowned companies. He is a Chartered

Accountant by profession and has an independent consultancy firm.

Vimal Bhandari

Independent Director

He has over 30 years of experience in financial services industry. Presently he is associated

as the Executive Vice Chairman and CEO of Arka Fincap Limited (formerly known as

Kirloskar Capital Limited), a Non-Banking Finance Company engaged in providing debt

capital to Indian corporates and real estate developers. He is an Independent Director in

many of the Indian companies. For six years, till April 2017, he was the: Managing

Managing Director and CEO

Mr. Manish Mohnot has been with the Company for more than 15 years now and has

played a key role in phenomenal business growth during this period. He has more than 25

years of experience in areas related to Infrastructure with focus on EPC contracting for

sectors including power, oil and gas, roads, railways, factories & building and other related

sectors. He serves on the Boards of JMC Projects (India) Limited and Shree Shubham

Logistics Limited. He is a qualified Chartered Accountant and a Cost Accountant. He has

also done an advanced management program from Harvard University, U.S.

Sanjay Dalmia

Executive Director

He has over three decades of experience in areas related to power, infrastructure, textiles,

mining and business development. He has earlier worked in diverse geographies such as

Far East, Africa, C.I.S. and Middle East and has experience of working with multicultural

people. He is a qualified Chartered Accountant and Company Secretary.

Financial

Statements

83

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22:

Managing Director & CEO

mr. SAnjAY DALmiA

Executive Director

mr. rAm PATODiA

Chief Financial Officer

mr. AmiT uPLenCHwAr

Director – Group Strategy & Subsidiaries

mr. K K jAin

Director – Integrity & Chief Ethics Officer

mr. rAjeeV DALeLA

President – T&D Business (India & SAARC)

mr. gYAn PrAKASH

President & CEO – Oil & Gas Business

cOrPOratE

managEmEnt

TeAm

mr. m A BArAiYA

President – HR & Admin

mr. rAmeSH BHOOTrA

President – Commercial (International Business)

mr. HiTenDrA POOniwALA

President –T&D Business (International)

mr. jiTenDrA KumAr jAin

Deputy President – Railway Business

mr. KumArADeVAn SriniVASAn

President – Manufacturing

mr. n K KAuSHAL

President – Business Development

mr. g L guPTA

President – Group Procurement & SCM

Statutory

Reports

Corporate

Overview

84

KALPATARU POWER TRANSMISSION LIMITED:

letter to BU / Site EHS head to empower

with various duties and responsibilities applicable to

them project.

EHS Disciplinary Policy to maintain the effective

discipline and increase the productivity

EHS Journal – to handle the emergency crisis and

also to establish collaborative effort towards positive

EHS culture and spread the awareness across the

organisation

robusT review MeChanisM:

Formation of EHS steering committee at BU / RO / Site

level to Robust & effective EHS review mechanism:

formed EHS steering committee meeting along with

detailed guidelines at BU, RO & site level.

Monthly EHS Snapshot: BU wise monthly EHS updates

circulated to all leadership team to adopt the focused

approach across the KPTl projects/sites.

EHS Walk round of Project Site: Walk thru round by BU

Head / RO Head /project site line management team

around the sites to makes more approachable to resolve

the EHS issues and encourage the staff towards EHS.

Fortnightly EHS review: Fortnightly Telecon / VC with

BU / RO EHS head to review the status of initiatives /

ongoing EHS performance

Fire safety audits to major business buildings of

kalpataru to avoid any untoward fire incident.

EHS council meet for all BU / RO EHS head to review

the site EHS status and prepared the Road Map for

upcoming quarter.

EnGinEErinG control mEchanism:

Innovative fall protection mechanism through vertical

and horizontal lifeline, fall arrest System.

provision and use of safety net being passive fall control

measures during erection of transmission tower

Provision of CCTV Camera System at tower location to

monitor the safe work practices.

TPI of lifting Tools inspection at site

Trench box installation to trench which adjacent to

highways during working in trench (where sloping is not

possible due to space constraints) in O&G BU.

Implementation of Snake Guard Stick (Snakes are kept

away due its vibration) for project sites.

Use of Helmet Mounted Induction Tester and voltage

detector during work near in live lines.

morE focus on traininG

organised different job specific webinar session for all

levels of employees – Total training Man-hours – 2300

Hrs.

Organised Job specific class room session - 18342 Hrs.

Virtual Reality (VR) simulation used for the various type

of EHS training to easily understand the training content.

Organised different house safety webinar all levels of

employees and their Families – Total training Man-

hours – 400 Hrs.

Financial

Statements

101

AnnuAl RepoRt 2021-22:

letter from one

of its Client for remarkable performance in execution

of neGG project part – a of Guwahati – numaligarh

pipeline project as the pipeline traverses through

difficult terrains and execution entails work amidst

adverse climate conditions. KPTL achieved a remarkable

milestone of about 174 welding joints (2168 mtr.) in a

day which was appreciated by Client as extraordinary

performance amongst all contractors.

The British Safety Council appreciated the Company’s

Morogoro-Makutupora 220 kV Project at Tanzania for

best safety practices at British Safety Council award.

the royal society for the prevention of accidents at

RoSPA –UK Health & Safety Awards 2021 granted

a)

Silver Award to the Company’s 500 kV Transmission

line work at Tajikistan Project;

b)

Silver Award to the Company’s 225 kV D/C

Sikasso-Bougouni-Sanankoroba-Kodialani-

Dialakorobougou Transmission Line work at Mali

Project;

c)

Silver Award to the Company’s 220 kV Sub-station

works at Burundi Project and

d)

Bronze

Award

to

the

Company’s

220

kV

Transmission Line works at Tanzania Project.

Your Company was conferred with the special

Appreciation Award for “Achievement in Electrification

in Railways” at 3rd Rail Analysis Innovation & Excellence

Summit, 2022.

the project management consultant of our client in

one of the railway project issued appreciation: letter for

implementing best SOPs for all the site activities and

for adhering to Zero Rework Policy, by which KPTL’s

execution Team have saved time of rework.

Various Clients of your Company recognised its ESG

practices and provided below certificates of appreciation.

-

GAIL

(India)

Limited

granted

Certificate

of

Appreciation to your Company for observing

excellence in safety standard practices during

construction and laying of 226.6 km * 24” Steel Gas

Pipeline Mumbai – Nagpur Pipeline Project.

-

engineers india limited appreciated on achieving

2 Million safe man hours without any Loss Time

Accident between May, 2018 to July 2021 during the

execution of Kochi – Salem LPG Pipeline Project.

-

Bharat Gas resources appreciated on achieving 1

Million safe man hours between January, 2021 to

February, 2022 during pipeline laying and Associated

works in Ahmednagar and Aurangabad district of

Maharashtra State.

-

Mecon Limited working as consultant on GAIL

Project appreciated on achieving 3.5 Million safe

man hours without any LTI between April, 2018

to March, 2022 during the execution of Bokaro –

Angul – JHBDPL Pipeline Project.

-

Tractebel

Engineering

issued

certificate

of

appreciation for maintaining High standard of

Environmental & Social Compliances at 220 kV

Board’S report

letter dated 22 March, 2022

informed the Company that he was not inclined to be

appointed as a Non-Executive Director of the Company for an

indefinite period and consequently, he withdrew his consent

to be appointed on such terms. Accordingly, the resolution

proposed at item no. 2 of the above stated postal ballot notice

became infructuous. Therefore, the tenure of Mr. Mofatraj P.

Munot as an Executive Chairman of the Company expired on

31 March, 2022 and he ceased to be Director of the Company

from the closing hours of 31 March, 2022.

Mr. Mofatraj P. Munot vide the said: letter also expressed his

willingness to be appointed as Non-Executive

Managing Director & CEO, Mr. Ram

Patodia, Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Rajeev Kumar,

Company secretary are the Key managerial personnel (Kmps)

as per provisions of Companies Act, 2013. There has been no

change in KMP during the year under review.

Mr. Rajeev Kumar tendered his resignation as Company

Secretary and Compliance Officer w.e.f close of working

hours of 31 May, 2022. The Board appointed Mr. Krunal Shah,

Sr. Manager (F&A) and a member of the Institute of Company

Secretaries of India as an Interim Compliance Officer w.e.f

1 June, 2022

Corporate GoVerNaNCe

Your Company believes that robust Corporate Governance

practices are critical for enhancing and retaining stakeholder’s

trust and confidence. Your Company always ensures that its

performance goals and targets are achieved in compliance

with its sound corporate governance practices. The efforts

of your Company are always focused on long-term value

creation. Inherent to such an objective is to continuously

engage and deliver value to all its stakeholders including

members, customers, partners, employees, lenders and the

society at large.

Board’S report:

letter dated 7 October, 2021 to the

National Highways Authority of India (“NHAI”) on account

of continuous disruption and blockade of traffic at National

Highway-71 due to farmer agitation with stoppage of toll

collection that resulted into cash losses. The provisions

of Concession Agreement provide for termination where

events which are not in control of KEPL, and obliges NHAI

paying KEPL for repayment of Debt Due along with Adjusted

Equity after necessary adjustments. Pending receipt of final

termination payment from NHAI, KEPL could not pay the loan

and interest to its lenders in october 2021 and consequently

the outstanding amount of loan and interest was classified as

NPA (Non-performing asset) by the lenders.

Upon receipt of termination payment and other claims filed

against NHAI, KEPL believes that it will be able to meet its

liabilities. KEPL has received a copy of the: letter dated 3

February, 2022 from an Independent Engineer (“IE”) appointed

by NHAI in which the IE has sought to limit the amount

payable (net of other deductions) as “Termination Payment”.

KEPL do not agree to it.

Although, JMC and other promoter of KEPL have, jointly and

severally given ‘shortfall undertakings’ to the Senior Lenders

in case there is any shortfall between amounts received from

NHAI and that payable by KEPL to its lenders, however, upon

receipt of termination payment and other claims filed against

NHAI and based on management’s assessment and legal

advise, KEPL believes that it will be able to meet its liabilities.

JMC has made provision for impairment of its entire Equity

investment in KEPL, expected credit loss against the entire

amount of loan given (including amount paid on behalf of

other promoter) to KEPL and potential shortfall, if any.

JMC has made above impairment / provisions without

prejudice to its and KEPL legal rights and claims against

NHAI and will continue to pursue these amounts against

KEPL. Further, it will seek KEPL to pursue their claims and

termination payment against NHAI notwithstanding the

above recognition.

Clause

(xvii)

The company has incurred cash losses of

` 3,857.11 Lacs & ` 5,652.68 Lacs

respectively in the current as well as the

immediately preceding previous year.

Clause

(xix)

On the basis of the financial ratios, ageing

and expected dates of realisation of assets

and payment of financial liabilities, other

information accompanying the financial

statements and our knowledge of the Board

of

managing director nor the whole-time

directors of the Company receive any remuneration or

commission from any of its subsidiaries.

No significant or material orders were passed by the

Regulators or Courts or Tribunals which impact the going

concern status and Company’s operations in future.

No fraud has been reported by the Auditors to the Audit

Committee or the Board.

There has been no change in the nature of business of

the Company.

there is no proceeding pending under the insolvency

and Bankruptcy Code, 2016.

there was no instance of onetime settlement with any

Bank or Financial Institution.

aCKNoWLedGeMeNt

Your Directors regret the loss of lives due to COVID-19

pandemic and are deeply grateful and have immense respect

for every person who risked his/her life and safety to fight this

pandemic.

Your Directors also take this opportunity to thank all the

Government and Regulatory Authorities, Financial Institutions,

Banks, Debenture holders and Debenture Trustee, JV Partners,

Consortium Partners’, Customers, Vendors, Suppliers, Sub-

Contractors and Members and all other stakeholders for their

valuable continuous support.

the Board of directors wish to place on record their sincere

appreciation for the committed services by the Company’s

executives, staff and workers. Your Directors also appreciate

and acknowledge the confidence reposed in them by

members of the Company.

On behalf of the Board of Directors

Place: Mumbai

Mofatraj P. Munot

Date: 14 May, 2022

Chairman

DIN: 00046905:

Managing Director & CEO

3

3

*Mr. Mofatraj P. Munot ceased to be member of the Committee w.e.f closing hours of 31 March, 2022. Further, he was inducted as member

of the Committee w.e.f 14 May, 2022.

3.

Weblink where Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by the Board are disclosed on the

website of the Company:

www.kalpatarupower.com/CSr

4.

Details of Impact assessment of CSR projects carried out in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 8 of the Companies

(Corporate Social responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, if applicable (attach the report): Not Applicable

5.

Details of the amount available for set off in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 7 of the Companies (Corporate Social

responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 and amount required for set off for the financial year, if any:

Sl.

No

Financial Year

Amount available for set-off from preceding

financial years (in `)

Amount required to be setoff for the financial

year, if any (in `)

Not Applicable

6.

Average Net Profit of the Company as per section 135(5): ` 39,175.07 Lakhs

7.

(a) Two percent of average net profit of the Company as per section 135(5): ` 783.50 Lakhs

(b) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years: nil

(c) Amount required to be set off for the financial year: nil

(d) Total CSR obligation for the financial year (7a+7b-7c): ` 783.50 Lakhs

tHe aNNUaL report oN Corporate SoCIaL reSpoNSIBILItY (CSr) aCtIVItIeS

1.

A brief outline of the Company’s CSR policy

Kalpataru power transmission Limited’s CSr policy

Kalpataru

power

transmission

limited

(“Kptl”)

has always been at forefront of Voluntary CSR. The

provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 have made it

imperative to institutionalise the CSR activities. The

objective of your Company’s CSR policy is to lay down

the guiding principles for proper functioning of Csr

activities to attain sustainable development of the

society around the area of operations of the Company.

Your Company’s social responsibility policy focuses on

using the capabilities of business to improve lives and

contribute to sustainable living, through contributions to

local communities and society at large.

The Company undertook various activities during the

year under review in line with its Csr policy and as

prescribed in Schedule VII to the Companies Act, 2013.

Apart from long term ongoing projects, the Company

has supported and implemented projects under its Csr

Policy in the field of Healthcare (including Preventive,

Promotive & Curative), Promoting Education, Skill

training, Rural development amongst others. Further,

the Company, undertook relief activities specifically to

combat and contain Novel Corona Virus (CoVID-19).

CSR Policy of the Company is available on the Company’s

website (weblink https://www.kalpatarupower.com/)

aNNeXUre a

to Board’s Report:

managing director and Ceo

(DIN: 01229696 )

Sajjanraj Mehta

Chairman Csr Committee

(DIN: 00051497)

Date : 14 May, 2022

Place: Mumbai

aNNeXUre a

to Board’s Report:

Managing Director &

CEO and Company Secretary of the Company and taken on

record by the Board of Directors at their meetings, I am of

the opinion that the management has adequate systems and

processes in the Company commensurate with the size and

operations of the Company to monitor and ensure compliance

with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.

I further report that, during the audit period the Company had

the following specific event/action having major bearing on

the Company’s affairs in pursuance to above referred laws,

rules, regulations, guidelines, standards, etc.:

(i)

Company has redeemed due portion to the extent of

33.33% of, 8.45% Listed Rated Unsecured Redeemable

Taxable Non-Convertible Debentures amounting to

` 33.33 Crore.

(ii)

Company has redeemed due portion to the extent of 50%

of, 8.11% Listed Rated Unsecured Redeemable Taxable

Non-Convertible Debentures amounting to ` 50 Crore.

(iii) Company has redeemed due portion to the extent of 50%

of, Zero Coupon Listed Rated Unsecured Redeemable

Taxable Non-Convertible Debentures Series A amounting

to ` 50 Crore.

(iv) Company has allotted 6.15% Rated Listed Unsecured

Redeemable Non-Convertible Debentures amounting to

` 200 Crore.

(v)

the Board of directors of the Company at their meeting

held on 19 February, 2022 has approved the Draft

Scheme of Amalgamation of JMC Projects (India)

Limited with the Company.

Urmil Ved

practicing Company secretary

(ICSI Unique Code I1996GJ080100)

FCS No. 8094, COP No. 2521

Peer Review Cert. No.: 597/2019

ICSI UDIN: F008094D000320879

Date: 14 May, 2022

place: Gandhinagar

Note: This report is to be read with my: letter of even date

which is annexed as Annexure-A and forms an integral part

of this report.

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record, device proper

systems to ensure compliance with the provisions of

all applicable laws, rules and regulations and to ensure

that the systems are adequate and operate effectively is

the responsibility of the management of the Company.

My responsibility is to express an opinion on these

secretarial records based on my audit.

2.

I have followed the audit practices and processes as

were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of the secretarial records.

The verification was done on the test check basis to

ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial

records. I believe that the processes and practices, I

followed provide a reasonable basis for my opinion.

3.

I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness

of financial records and Books of Accounts of the

Company.

Annexure-A

4.

Wherever required, I have obtained the management

representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

5.

the Compliance of the provisions of Corporate and

other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the

responsibility of management. My examination was limited

to the verification of procedures on test check basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as

to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy

or effectiveness with which the management has

conducted the affairs of the Company.

Urmil Ved

practicing Company secretary

(ICSI Unique Code I1996GJ080100)

FCS No. 8094, COP No. 2521

Peer Review Cert. No.: 597/2019

ICSI UDIN: F008094D000320879

Date: 14 May, 2022

place: Gandhinagar:

Managing Director & CEO

13.92

-5.37

168.93

9

Mr. Sanjay Dalmia

Executive Director

5.20

-6.64

63.11

10

Mr. Ram Patodia

Chief Financial Officer

1.84

1.66

N.A

11

Mr. Rajeev Kumar

Company secretary

0.83

15.28

N.A

*Mr. Mofatraj P. Munot has been appointed as Non-Executive Chairman for a period of 5 years w.e.f 02 May, 2022

+Details not stated as Dr.Shailendra Raj Mehta, Independent Director was appointed as an Independent Director w.e.f 03 August, 2021.

ii) The median remuneration of employees of the Company during the financial year under review was ` 8.24 Lakhs.

iii) In the financial year under review, there was an increase of 7.15% in the median remuneration of employees.

iv) There were 3,072 permanent employees on the rolls of Company as on 31 March, 2022.

v)

Average percentage increase made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel in the financial

year 2021-22 was 7.31%, whereas, the salaries of Managerial Personnel decreased by 16.85%.

(vi) It is hereby affirmed that the remuneration paid is as per the Remuneration Policy for Directors, Key Managerial

Personnel and other employees.

On behalf of the Board of Directors

Place: Mumbai

Mofatraj P. Munot

Date: 14 May, 2022

Chairman

DIN: 00046905

aNNeXUre C1

to Board’s Report:

Managing Director & CEO. Out of 6 Non-Executive

directors, 5 are independent directors including 1

woman director. no directors are related to each

other. the Board structure is in compliance with

Regulation 17 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and

disclosure requirements) regulations, 2015.

the shareholders of the Company at annual

General meeting (aGm) held on 15 July, 2021

approved the re-appointment of, and remuneration

payable to, mr. sanjay dalmia, as executive director

of the Company for a period of 3 years w.e.f.

08 august, 2021. Further, the shareholders of the

Company vide ordinary resolution passed through

postal ballot pursuant to notice dated 11 march,

2022 approved the appointment of dr. shailendra

raj mehta as an independent director w.e.f

03 august, 2021.

Further, the shareholders of the Company vide

special resolution passed through postal ballot

pursuant to notice dated 22 march, 2022 approved

the appointment of mr. mofatraj p. munot as

non-executive Chairman effective from 02 may,

2022 for a period of 5 years. Consequently, as on

date of this report, the Board of directors of the

Company had 9 Directors, comprising of 7 Non-

executive directors, 1 executive director and 1: managing director & Ceo. Consequently, as on date

of this report, none of the directors are related to

each other except mr. mofatraj p. munot and mr.

parag m. munot, who are related as Father and son

respectively.

none of the directors of the Company is on the

Board of more than 7 Indian listed Companies

including as an independent director. Further,

none of the directors of the Company is acting as

a whole time director / managing director of any

listed Company as well as independent director in

more than 3 indian listed Companies. none of the

managing director & Ceo

8

Yes

6

-

1

mr. sanjay dalmia

executive director

6

Yes

-

-

-

@Details not provided as Mr. Mofatraj P. Munot ceased to be Director from the closing hours of 31 March, 2022. Thereafter, he was appointed as Non-

Executive Chairman of the Company w.e.f 02 May, 2022.

#Including Private Limited Companies.

*Represents Memberships/Chairpersonships of Audit Committee & Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee of public limited companies only.

%Dr. Shailendra Raj Mehta was appointed w.e.f 03 August, 2021

D.

Separate meeting of Independent Directors

pursuant to schedule iV of the Companies

act, 2013 and the rules made thereunder and

regulation 25 (3) of the seBi (listing obligations

and disclosure requirements) regulations, 2015,

all the independent directors of the Company

met once during a year, without the attendance of

non-independent directors and members of the

management.

the independent directors reviewed performance

of non-independent directors, Chairman of the

Company and the performance of the Board as a

whole. the independent directors also discussed

the quality, quantity and timeliness of flow of

information between the Company management

and the Board that is necessary for the Board to

effectively and reasonably perform their duties.

the feedback of the meeting was shared with the

Chairman of the Company.

E.

Confirmation of Independence

in the opinion of the Board of directors, the

Independent Directors fulfil the conditions specified

in

seBi

(listing

obligations

and

disclosure

requirement) regulations, 2015, as amended from

time to time and are independent of the management.

the Company has received declarations from all the

Independent Directors of the Company confirming

that:

a)

they meet the criteria of independence

prescribed under the Companies act, 2013 and

the seBi (listing obligations and disclosure

requirement) regulations, 2015; and

b)

they have registered their names in the

independent directors’ databank.

F.

Directors’ Profile

in case of appointment or re-appointment of

director(s), a brief resume of director(s), nature

of their expertise in specific functional areas and

company names in which they hold directorships,

memberships/ Chairmanships of Board Committees,

and shareholding in the Company are provided in the

notice of the annual General meeting annexed to this

annual report.:

Managing Director & CEO confirming the compliance

of the Code of Conduct as required under regulation

17 (5) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

requirements) regulations, 2015 has been obtained

and is given below:

DECLARATION

all Board members and senior management personnel have,

for the year ended 31 March, 2022 affirmed compliance with

the Code of Conduct laid down by the Board of directors in

terms of Regulation 17 (5) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations

and disclosure requirements) regulations, 2015.

For Kalpataru Power Transmission Limited

Place: Mumbai

Manish Mohnot

Date : 14 May, 2022: Managing Director & CEO

III. Audit Committee:

as on 31 march, 2022, the audit Committee comprised

of 3 directors all of which are independent directors

including the

Managing Director & CEO, Chief Financial Officer,

representatives of statutory auditors and internal auditor

are the regular invitees to the Committee meetings. the

internal audit department directly reports to the audit

Committee. other directors and executives including

Business unit Heads are invited as and when required.

the Cost auditor is invited to attend the audit Committee

meeting where cost audit report is discussed. mr. rajeev

Kumar, Company secretary of the Company is the

secretary of the Committee.

the audit Committee has reviewed management

discussion and analysis of financial condition and

results of operations, statement of significant related

party transactions as submitted by the management,

and other information as mentioned in part C of

schedule ii of seBi (listing obligations and disclosure

requirements) regulations, 2015.

the Chairman of the audit Committee was present at the

last annual General meeting of the Company held on 15

July, 2021.

IV.

Nomination and Remuneration Committee:

Consequent to cessation of mr. mofatraj p. munot as a

member of nomination and remuneration Committee,

mr. parag munot was appointed as a member, w.e.f.

01 april, 2022. accordingly, the nomination and

remuneration Committee comprised of 3 directors

out of which 2 are independent directors and 1 is non-

executive director. the Chairman of the Committee is an

independent director.

the composition of the Committee adheres to the

requirements of regulation 19 of the seBi (listing

obligations and disclosure requirements) regulations,

2015.

the role of the nomination and remuneration Committee

as specified in Part D of the Schedule II, inter-alia includes

following:

1.

To formulate criteria for determining qualification,

positive attributes & independence of director and

recommend to board a policy relating to remuneration

for the directors, Kmp and other employees;

2.

For every appointment of an independent director,

evaluate the balance of skills, knowledge and

experience on the Board and on the basis of such

evaluation, prepare a description of the role and

capabilities required of an independent director.

For the purpose of identifying suitable candidates,

the Committee may:

use the services of an external agencies, if

required;

consider candidates from a wide range of

backgrounds, having due regard to diversity; and

consider the time commitments of the

candidates.

3.

to formulate criteria for evaluation of performance

of independent directors and Board.

4.

to devise a policy on diversity of Board of directors;

5.

To identify persons who are qualified to become

directors and who may be appointed in senior

management in accordance with the criteria laid

down, recommend to the Board their appointment

and removal.

6.

Whether to extend or continue the term of

appointment of the independent director, on the

basis of the report of performance evaluation of

independent directors

7.

Recommend to the board, all remuneration, in

whatever form, payable to senior management.

8.

to perform any other functions as may be assigned

to Committee by the Board from time to time.:

managing director & Ceo and executive director for the FY 2021-22 is

as under:

(` in Crores)

Name of Director

Salary and

allowances

Perquisites

Contribution

to PF

Commission

/ Incentive

Total

Stock

Options

mr. mofatraj p. munot

4.73

-

-

6.65

11.38

none

mr. manish mohnot

3.73

0.01

0.18

10.00

13.92

none

mr. sanjay dalmia

2.04

0.01

0.10

3.05

5.20

none

C. Director’s Remuneration

the Company’s remuneration policy for directors, Key managerial personnel and other employee is available on the website

of the Company www.kalpatarupower.com. There has been no change in the policy since last financial year. The Remuneration

policy is in consonance with the existing industry practice.:

managing director & Ceo and mr. sanjay dalmia, executive

Director can be terminated by either party giving 6 months’

prior notice. none of the managerial personnel is entitled for

any severance pay.

in terms of agreement/re-appointment terms approved by

members, commission / incentive to mr. mofatraj p. munot,

executive Chairman (upto 31 march, 2022), mr. manish

mohnot,: managing director & Ceo and mr. sanjay dalmia,

executive director, is decided annually by Board of directors on

recommendation of nomination and remuneration Committee.

Sitting Fees and Commission on net profit paid or payable to

Non-Executive Directors for the financial year 2021-22 is as

under:

(` in Crores)

Name of Director

Sitting Fees

Commission

Total

mr. parag m. munot

0.05

2.25

2.30

mr. sajjanraj mehta

0.10

0.75

0.85

mr. Vimal Bhandari

0.09

0.60

0.69

mr. narayan K. seshadri

0.08

0.60

0.68

ms. anjali seth

0.05

0.25

0.30

dr. shailendra raj mehta*

0.04

0.10

0.14

*Dr. Shailendra Raj Mehta was appointed w.e.f 03 August, 2021.

Commission is paid to the Non-Executive Directors on the basis of qualifications, experience, attendance at the Meetings,

Directorship in other companies, time spent on strategic matters and contribution to the Company, financial performance and

net worth of the Company, order book position, track record of operational performance, performance evaluation of Board etc.

the Board of directors of the Company approved payment of commission during the year to the director(s) who were not in

whole-time employment of the Company in recognition of their performance during FY 2021-22 not exceeding in aggregate 1%

of net profits for the 2021-22, calculated under Section 198 of the Companies Act, 2013.

Information of Directors as on 31 March, 2022 is as under:

Name

Age

Designation

Date of initial appointment

Shares held

mr. mofatraj p. munot

77

executive

managing director and Ceo.

the Committee comprises of ms. anjali seth, mr. parag

m. munot and mr. manish mohnot. this composition of

the Committee is in conformity with the requirements

of regulation 20 of the seBi (listing obligations and

disclosure requirements) regulations, 2015.

The role of the committee inter-alia includes the following:

1.

resolving the grievances of the security holders of the

listed entity including complaints related to transfer/

the Committee met one time during the year on 30 october, 2021 and the attendance of members at the meeting were

as follows:

Name of Member

Category

Status

No. of Meetings

attended / held

ms. anjali seth

independent director

Chairperson

1/1

mr. manish mohnot: managing director & Ceo

member

1/1

mr. parag m. munot

non-executive –director

member

1/1

Mr. Rajeev Kumar, Company Secretary is the Compliance Officer of the Company.

investor Complaints at the beginning of

the year

nil

investor Complaints received during

the year

5

investor Complaints resolved during

the year

5

investor Complaints pending at the end

of the year

nil

the Board has delegated the powers to attend

various requests of shareholders including issuance

of entitlement letters, transfers, transmission,

duplicate, issue of share certificates after split/

consolidation/renewal,

to

a

share

transfer

Committee which is comprising of mr. parag

munot, mr. manish mohnot and mr. ram patodia.

The Committee met 6 times during the year. No

request for transfer/transmission of shares was

pending as on 31 march, 2022.

VI. Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Committee:

as on 31 march, 2022, the Csr Committee comprised

of 3 directors out of which

managing director & Ceo

member

3/3

*Mr. Mofatraj P. Munot ceased to be Director from the closing hours of 31 March, 2022 and consequently ceased to be a member of the CSR

Committee. Thereafter, he was appointed as Non-Executive Chairman of the Company w.e.f 02 May, 2022 and was appointed as a member

of CSR Committee effective from 14 May, 2022.

VII. Risk Management Committee

the Company has constituted risk management

Committee in compliance with regulation 21 of the

seBi (listing obligations and disclosure requirements)

regulations, 2015. the Committee comprises of 5

members including 3 directors. Further, the Chairman of

risk management Committee is an independent director.

the role and responsibilities of risk management

Committee are as under:

to formulate a detailed risk management policy

which shall include:

a)

A framework for identification of internal

and external risks specifically faced by

the listed entity, in particular including

financial, operational, sectoral, sustainability

(particularly, esG related risks), information,

cyber security risks or any other risk as may

be determined by the Committee.

b)

measures for risk mitigation including systems and

processes for internal control of identified risks.

c)

Business continuity plan.

to ensure that appropriate methodology, processes

and systems are in place to monitor and evaluate

risks associated with the business of the Company;

to monitor and oversee implementation of the

risk management policy, including evaluating the

adequacy of risk management systems;

to periodically review the risk management policy,

at least once in two years, including by considering

the changing industry dynamics and evolving

complexity

to keep the board of directors informed about

the nature and content of its discussions,

recommendations and actions to be taken;

the

appointment,

removal

and

terms

of

remuneration of the Chief Risk Officer (if any) shall

be subject to review by the risk management

Committee.

to coordinate its activities with other committees, in

instances where there is any overlap with activities

of such committees, as per the framework laid

down by the board of directors.

Report on Corporate Governance

the Committee met 2 times during the year on 13 may, 2021 and 30 october, 2021. the composition of the risk management

Committee and the attendance of Members at the Meeting were as follows:

Name of Member

Category

Status

No. of Meetings

attended / held

mr. narayan seshadri

independent director

Chairman

2/2

mr. manish mohnot: managing director & Ceo

member

2/2

mr. sanjay dalmia

executive director

member

2/2

mr. ram patodia

CFo

member

2/2

mr. Kamal Kishore Jain

Managing Director & CEO of

the Company

(ii)

re-appointment

of

ms.

anjali

seth

(DIN: 05234352) as an Independent Director

2018-19

30 July, 2019

4:00

p.m.

Kalpa

-

Vriksha

learning Centre, a-1

& a-2, GidC electronic

estate

sector-25,

Gandhinagar - 382016,

Gujarat.

(i)

appointment

of

mr.

sanjay

dalmia

(DIN: 03469908) as an Executive Director of the

Company

(ii)

re-appointment

of

mr.

sajjanraj

mehta

(DIN: 00051497) as an Independent Director

(iii) re-appointment

of

mr.

Vimal

Bhandari

(DIN: 00001318) as an Independent Director

(iv) re-appointment of mr. narayan K. seshadri

(DIN: 00053563) as an Independent Director

(v)

re-appointment

of

mr.

K.

V.

mani

(DIN: 00533148) as an Independent Director:

letter dated 22 March, 2022 informed the Company that he

was not inclined to be appointed as a Non-Executive Director of the Company for an

indefinite period and consequently, withdrew his consent to be appointed on such terms.

Consequently, the resolution proposed at item no. 2 of the postal ballot notice dated 11

February, 2022 stood infructuous. Hence, the result of remote e-voting for the same was

not provided.

Date of Postal Ballot Notice: 22 March, 2022

Voting Period: 01 April, 2022 to 30 April, 2022

Date of declaration of result: 02 May, 2022

Date of approval: 30 April, 2022

Resolution

No. of Votes

polled

No. of votes

cast in favour

No. of votes

cast against

% of votes

cast in favour

% of votes

cast against

appointment of mr. mofatraj p. munot

(DIN: 00046905) as a Non-Executive

Chairman for a period of 5 years

(special resolution)

13,39,05,024

13,03,96,722

35,08,302

97.38%

2.62%

mr. urmil Ved, practising Company secretary was appointed as scrutiniser to scrutinise remote e-voting process in a

fair and transparent manner for both of the above postal ballots.

Procedure for Postal Ballot

the postal ballot was conducted in accordance with the provisions contained in section 110 and other applicable

provisions, if any, of the Companies act, 2013, read with the Companies (management and administration) rules, 2014,

(‘rules’), regulation 44 of the securities and exchange Board of india (listing obligations and disclosure requirements)

regulations, 2015.

in view of the CoVid-19 pandemic, the mCa permitted companies to transact items through postal ballot as per the:

managing director & Ceo, Chairperson to be a

non-executive director, direct reporting of internal

auditor to the audit Committee etc.

d.

Website

the

Company

maintains

a

website

www.kalpatarupower.com which depicts detailed

information about the business activities of the

Company. it contains a separate dedicated section

namely “investors” where all information relevant

to members is made available. the achievements

and important events taking place in the Company

like receipt of major orders are announced through

electronic media and posted on the Company’s

website also. the Company’s other press coverage

and analyst / investor / Corporate presentation

is also made available on the website. all the

submissions made by the Company to stock

exchanges are also disclosed on the website of

the Company. the annual report of the Company

is also available on the website of the Company

www.kalpatarupower.com in a downloadable form.

XII. General Shareholder Information:

Annual General Meeting and Record Date

date, time

and venue

of annual

General

meeting

: 04 August, 2022 at 11:00 a.m. IST

the Company is conducting meeting

through Video Conferencing (VC)/

other audio Visual means (oaVm)

pursuant to the mCa circular dated

05 may, 2020, as extended and as

such there is no requirement to have

a venue for the aGm. For details,

please refer to the notice of this aGm.

record date

: 28 July, 2022

dividend

payment date

: on or before

02 september, 2022

Financial Calendar

Financial Year

:01 april to 31 march

Financial Results:

First Quarter results

:by 14 august, 2022

Half Year results

:by 14 november, 2022

third Quarter results

:by 14 February, 2023

annual results

:by 30 may, 2023

Report on Corporate Governance:

Managing Director & CEO and Ram Patodia, Chief Financial Officer, to the best of our knowledge and belief,

hereby certify that:

(a) We have reviewed financial statements and the cash flow statement for the year ended 31 March, 2022 and that to the best

of our knowledge and belief:

(i)

these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements that

might be misleading;

(ii)

these statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with existing

accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.

(b) to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transaction entered into by the Company during the year which are fraudulent,

illegal or violative of the Company’s Code of Conduct.

(c) We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that we have evaluated

the effectiveness of internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting and have disclosed to the

Auditors and the Audit Committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls, if any, of which we are

aware and the steps we have taken or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies.

(d) We have indicated to the Auditors and the Audit Committee:

(i)

That there is no significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year;

(ii)

That there is no significant changes in accounting policies during the year and that the same have been disclosed in the

notes to the financial statements; and

(iii) That there is no instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of the

management or an employee having a significant role in the Company’s internal control system over financial reporting.

Place: Mumbai

Manish Mohnot

Ram Patodia

Date : 14 May, 2022: managing director & Ceo

Chief Financial Officer

letter dated 21 June 2019 and addendum

to the engagement: letter dated 12 march 2021.

2.

we have examined the compliance of conditions of

Corporate Governance by Kalpataru power transmission

limited (‘the Company’), for the year ended on 31 march

2022, as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b)

to (i) of Regulation 46(2) and paragraphs C, D and E of

schedule V of the securities exchange Board of india

(listing obligations and disclosure requirements)

regulations, 2015 (“listing regulations”), pursuant

to the listing agreement of the Company with stock

exchanges.

Management’s Responsibility for compliance with the

conditions of Listing Regulations

3.

the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance

as stipulated under listing regulation is the responsibility

of the management of the Company, including the

preparation and maintenance of all relevant supporting

records and documents. this responsibility includes

the design, implementation and maintenance of internal

control and procedure to ensure the compliance with

conditions of the Corporate Governance stipulated in the

listing regulations.

Auditor’s Responsibility

4.

our examination was limited to procedures and

implementation thereof, adopted by the Company

for ensuring the compliance of the conditions of the

Corporate Governance. it is neither an audit nor an

expression of opinion on the Financial statements of the

Company.

5.

pursuant to the requirements of the listing regulations,

it is our responsibility to provide a reasonable assurance

whether the Company has complied with the conditions

of Corporate Governance as stipulated in listing

regulations for the year ended 31 march 2022.

6.

We conducted our examination of the above corporate

governance compliance by the company in accordance

Independent Auditor’s

Certificate on Corporate Governance

with the Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for

Special Purposes (Revised 2016) and Guidance Note on

Certification of Corporate Governance, both issued by the

institute of Chartered accountants of india (“the iCai”),

in so far as applicable for the purpose of this certificate.

The Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for Special

purposes requires that we comply with the ethical

requirements of the Code of ethics issued by the iCai.

7.

We have complied with the relevant applicable

requirements of the standard on Quality Control (sQC)

1, Quality Control for Firms that perform audits and

reviews of Historical Financial information, and other

assurance and related services engagement

Opinion

8.

in our opinion and to the best of our information and

according to the explanations given to us, we certify

that the Company has complied with the conditions

of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the above-

mentioned listing regulations.

9.

we state that such compliance is neither an assurance

as to the future viability of the Company nor the

efficiency or effectiveness with which the management

has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Restriction on use

10. The certificate is addressed and provided to the

members of the Company solely for the purpose to

enable the Company to comply with the requirement of

the listing regulations, and it should not be used by any

other person or for any other purpose. accordingly, we

do not accept or assume any liability or any duty of care

for any other purpose or to any other person to whom

this certificate is shown or into whose hands it may

come without our prior consent in writing.

For B S R & Co. LLP

Chartered accountants

Firm’s Registration No: 101248W/W-100022

Vikas R Kasat

Place: Mumbai

Membership No: 105317

Date : 14 May, 2022

ICAI UDIN: 22105317AIZMGH2165

managing director & Ceo

b)

Details of the BR head:

Name

: mr. ram patodia

Designation

: Chief Financial Officer

Telephone Number

+91 22 3064 5000

Email ID

: ram.patodia@kalpatarupower.com

2.

Principle-wise (as per NVGs) BR Policy/policies

(a) Details of Compliance (Reply in Y/N)

Sr.

No.

Questions

Ethics,

Transparency and

Accountability

Sustainable & safe

Goods and Services

Well-being of all

employees

Interests of

disadvantaged

and marginalised

Stakeholders

Promote human

rights

Protection of

Environment

Policy Advocacy

Inclusive growth

and equitable

development

Provide value to

their customers and

consumers

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

1

do you have policy/policies for....

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

2

Has

the

policy

been

formulated

in

consultation

with

the

relevant

stakeholders?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

3

does the policy conform to any national/

international standards? if yes, specify?

all the policies are compliant of respective principles of nVG

guidelines, the Companies Act, 2013 and confirm to International

standards of iso 9001, iso 14001, iso 45001 and iso 37001 as

applicable to respective policies.

4

Has the policy being approved by the

Board? if yes, has it been signed by md/

owner/Ceo/appropriate Board director?

Y

-

Y

Y

Y

-

Y

Y

-

5

Does the Company have a specified

committee of the Board/Director/ Official

to oversee the implementation of the

policy?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

6

indicate the link for the policy to be viewed

online?

all the policies except Hr policies can be viewed at

www.kalpatarupower.com. Hr policies are restricted to employees

of the Company and uploaded on the Company’s intranet

7

Has

the

policy

been

formally

communicated to all relevant internal and

external stakeholders?

the policies have been communicated to key internal stakeholders.

Further, respective policies, as applicable has also been

communicated to external stakeholders. the communication is an

ongoing process to cover all internal and external stakeholders.

Business Responsibility Report:

letter from one of its Client

for remarkable performance in execution of neGG

project part – a of Guwahati – numaligarh pipeline

Project as the pipeline traverses through difficult terrains

and execution entails work amidst adverse climate

conditions. Kptl achieved a remarkable milestone

of about 174 welding joints (2168 mtr.) in a day which

was appreciated by Client as extraordinary performance

amongst all contractors.

-

the project management consultant of our client in

one of the railway project issued appreciation: letter for

implementing best sops for all the site activities and

for adhering to Zero rework policy, by which Kptl’s

execution team have saved time of rework.

-

Various Clients of Kptl recognised its esG practices

and provided below certificates of appreciation

GAIL

(India)

Limited

granted

Certificate

of

appreciation to Kptl for observing excellence in

safety standard pratices during construction and

laying of 226.6 km * 24” steel Gas pipeline mumbai

– nagpur pipeline project.

engineers india limited appreciated Kptl on

achieving 2 million safe man hours without any

loss time accident between may, 2018 to July

2021 during the execution of Kochi – salem lpG

pipeline project.

Bharat Gas resources appreciated Kptl on

achieving 1 million safe man hours between

January, 2021 to 04 February, 2022 during pipeline

laying and associated works in ahmednagar and

aurangabad district of maharashtra state.

mecon limited working as consultant on Gail

project appreciated Kptl on achieving 3.5 million

safe man hours without any lti between april, 2018

to march, 2022 during the execution of Bokaro –

angul – JHBdpl pipeline project.

Tractebel

Engineering

issued

certificate

of

appreciation for maintaining High standard of

environmental & social Compliances at 220 kV

Geita-nYaKanZai transmission line project at

tanzania

ministry

of

environment

and

sustainable

development, senegal, as well as Cima international

recognised Kptl’s efforts in the monitoring, control

and supervision of construction work in st. louis

and tobene transmission line and substation works

and maintaining and following the high standard of

environmental & social Compliances.

the passage Home of saint augustin for the

Children in the street situation appreciated Kptl

for its social intervention during execution of

Burundi project by carrying out various community

development initiatives.

Kptl have also won various other accolades from its

clientele at both domestic and international front for

execution of well-planned strategy and deftly laid out

business processes. this clearly depicts the satisfaction

trends amongst the customers of Kptl.

On behalf of the Board of Directors

Mofatraj P. Munot

place: mumbai

Managing Director & CEO

Firm Registration No : 101248W / W-100022

DIN : 01229696

Vikas R Kasat

Rajeev Kumar

sanjay dalmia

Partner

Company Secretary

Executive Director

Membership No : 105317

DIN : 03469908

Mumbai : 14 May, 2022

Mumbai : 14 May, 2022:

Managing Director & CEO

Firm Registration No : 101248W / W-100022

DIN : 01229696

Vikas R Kasat

Rajeev Kumar

sanjay dalmia

Partner

Company Secretary

Executive Director

Membership No : 105317

DIN : 03469908

Mumbai : 14 May, 2022

Mumbai : 14 May, 2022:

Managing Director & CEO

Firm Registration No : 101248W / W-100022

DIN : 01229696

Vikas R Kasat

Rajeev Kumar

sanjay dalmia

Partner

Company Secretary

Executive Director

Membership No : 105317

DIN : 03469908

Mumbai : 14 May, 2022

Mumbai : 14 May, 2022:

Managing Director & CEO

Firm Registration No : 101248W / W-100022

DIN : 01229696

Vikas R Kasat

Rajeev Kumar

sanjay dalmia

Partner

Company Secretary

Executive Director

Membership No : 105317

DIN : 03469908

Mumbai : 14 May, 2022

Mumbai : 14 May, 2022

stAndAlone stAteMent oF CAsh Flows (Contd.)

For the yeAr ended 31 MArCh, 2022:

Letter of Comfort given for loan to subsidiaries

336.69

365.00

(e)

Bank Guarantee given on behalf of subsidiaries

370.78

90.80

(f)

Deed of Indemnity given on behalf of a subsidiary

144.06

150.22

30. caPital & otheR coMMitMents

(` in Crores)

Particulars

as at

31 March, 2022

as at

31 March, 2021

Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed for Tangible capital Assets

and not provided for (Net of advances)

38.70

14.86

28. otheR exPenses (contd.)

notes ForMIng pArt oF stAndAlone FInAnCIAl stAteMent

For the yeAr ended 31 MArCh, 2022:

Managing Director and CEO

(e)

Individuals having significant influence and their relatives:

Parag munot

Promoter Director

Sunita Choraria

Relative of Promoter Director

Sudha Golechha

Relative of Promoter Director

(f)

Joint Ventures :

Jhajjar KT Transco Private Limited (Upto 27 September, 2020)

Kohima-Mariani Transmission Limited (Upto 20 December, 2021)*

*Refer Note 55

transactions with Related Parties in ordinary course of business are:

(` in Crores)

Particulars

Relationship

2021-22

2020-21

1

investment in equity and Preference shares

Kalpataru Power senegal sarL

Subsidiary

0.02

18.41

Jhajjar KT Transco Private Limited*

Joint Venture

-

1.78

Kalpataru Power Do Brasil Participações Ltda

Subsidiary

71.28

0.87

* Equity shares acquired from Klassik Vinyl Products LLP

2

net loans and advances given / (returned)

Amber Real Estate Limited

Subsidiary

-

(0.47)

Alipurduar Transmission Limited

Subsidiary

-

(121.39)

Kalpataru Power Transmission (Mauritius) Limited

Subsidiary

-

(1.45)

Adeshwar Infrabuild Limited

Subsidiary

0.01

-

Kalpataru Power Transmission Sweden AB

Subsidiary

0.32

2.70

Kohima-Mariani Transmission Limited

Joint Venture

(36.06)

3.45

Jhajjar KT Transco Private Limited

Joint Venture

-

(4.25)

Saicharan Properties Limited

Indirect Subsidiary

(50.00)

33.00

41. Related PaRtY disclosuRes as ReQuiRed BY ind as 24 aRe GiVen BeloW (contd.)

notes ForMIng pArt oF stAndAlone FInAnCIAl stAteMent

For the yeAr ended 31 MArCh, 2022:

letter of comforts outstanding /

deed of indemnity

Shree Shubham Logistics Limited

Subsidiary

197.25

240.00

Kalpataru IBN Omairah Company Limited

Subsidiary

288.99

34.39

Kalpataru Power Do Brasil Participações Ltda

Subsidiary

39.84

-

Linjemontage i Grästorp Aktiebolag

Indirect Subsidiary

144.06

158.63

JMC Projects (India) Limited

Subsidiary

181.40

181.40

Kalpataru Foundation

Enterprises

having

significant

influence

0.01

0.01

Formation of subsidiary for execution of projects and correspondingly transfer of the projects related asset and liabilities.

During the previous year, the Company transferred assets and liabilities to its wholly owned subsidiary ‘Kalpataru Power Senegal

SARL’ with effect from 01 September, 2020 through a business transfer agreement, a summary thereof is as under:

41. Related PaRtY disclosuRes as ReQuiRed BY ind as 24 aRe GiVen BeloW (contd.)

notes ForMIng pArt oF stAndAlone FInAnCIAl stAteMent

For the yeAr ended 31 MArCh, 2022:

letter of comfort (LOC) given to banks by

the Company. The Company’s exposure in this respect has been disclosed in Note 29.

liquidity Risk

The Table below provides details regarding the contractual maturities of significant financial liabilities.

(` in Crores)

Particulars

as at 31 March, 2022

less than 1 year More than 1 year

total

Financial liabilities

(i)

Trade Payable

2,266.42

173.32

2,439.74

(ii)

Borrowings

1,188.05

491.09

1,679.14

(iii) Other financial liabilities

259.54

16.86

276.40

total

4,395.28

(` in Crores)

Particulars

as at 31 March, 2021

less than 1 year More than 1 year

total

Financial liabilities

(i)

Trade Payable

2,295.60

189.65

2,485.25

(ii)

Borrowings

933.09

353.60

1,286.69

(iii) Other financial liabilities

294.81

28.10

322.91

total

4,094.85

The above table does not include liability on account of future interest obligation.

The Company had undrawn borrowing facilities from banks amounting to ` 311.70 Crores (Previous year ` 298.37 Crores), which

may be drawn at any time.

interest Rate Risk

Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in

market interest rates. The Company’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the Company’s

long-term debt obligations with floating interest rates.

interest Rate sensitivity analysis

For the year ended 31 March, 2022 and 31 March, 2021, a 100 basis point increase / decrease in interest rate on floating rate

liabilities would impact company’s profit before tax by approximately 1.16 % and 1.01 % respectively.

commodity Price Risk

The Company is affected by the price volatility of certain commodities like Steel, Zinc, Copper and Aluminium. Its operating activities

require the on-going purchase or continuous supply of these materials. The Company holds derivative financial instruments such

as commodity future contract to mitigate the risk of changes in Zinc, Copper and Aluminium prices.

The sensitivity analysis have been determined based on the exposure to changes in commodity prices. The analysis is prepared

assuming the quantity of exposure outstanding at the end of the reporting period was outstanding for the whole year. A 5% increase

or decrease is used when reporting commodity price risk internally to key management personnel and represents management’s

assessment of the reasonable possible changes in commodity prices and the impact of the possible change on the Company’s

profit before tax is 11.41% for FY 2021-22 and 7.36% for FY 2020-21.

notes ForMIng pArt oF stAndAlone FInAnCIAl stAteMent

For the yeAr ended 31 MArCh, 2022:

Managing Director & CEO

Firm Registration No : 101248W / W-100022

DIN : 01229696

Vikas R Kasat

Rajeev Kumar

sanjay dalmia

Partner

Company Secretary

Executive Director

Membership No : 105317

DIN : 03469908

Mumbai : 14 May, 2022

Mumbai : 14 May, 2022:

managing director & Ceo

Firm Registration No : 101248W / W­100022

DIN : 01229696

Vikas R Kasat

Rajeev Kumar

sanjay dalmia

Partner

Company Secretary

executive director

Membership No : 105317

DIN : 03469908

Mumbai : 14 May, 2022

Mumbai : 14 May, 2022:

managing director & Ceo

Firm Registration No : 101248W / W­100022

DIN : 01229696

Vikas R Kasat

Rajeev Kumar

sanjay dalmia

Partner

Company Secretary

executive director

Membership No : 105317

DIN : 03469908

Mumbai : 14 May, 2022

Mumbai : 14 May, 2022:

managing director & Ceo

Firm Registration No : 101248W / W­100022

DIN : 01229696

Vikas R Kasat

Rajeev Kumar

sanjay dalmia

Partner

Company Secretary

executive director

Membership No : 105317

DIN : 03469908

Mumbai : 14 May, 2022

Mumbai : 14 May, 2022:

managing director & Ceo

Firm Registration No : 101248W / W­100022

DIN : 01229696

Vikas R Kasat

Rajeev Kumar

sanjay dalmia

Partner

Company Secretary

executive director

Membership No : 105317

DIN : 03469908

Mumbai : 14 May, 2022

Mumbai : 14 May, 2022:

letter of comfort (LOC) given to banks by the

group. The company’s exposure in this respect has been disclosed in Note 34.

loans, investments in group companies

The Group does not perceive any credit risk pertaining to loans given to subsidiaries except on the loan given to Kurukshetra

Expressway Private Limited, Joint Venture of one of the Subsidiary Company. During the previous year, as required by Indian

Accounting Standard 109 “Financial Instruments”, Management had performed an impairment assessment of the recoverable

amount based on discounted cash flows, which have been determined by external valuation experts. The determination of the

discounted cash flows involves significant management judgement and estimates on the valuation methodology and various

notes ForMIng pArt oF the ConsolIdAted FInAnCIAl stAteMent

For the yeAr ended 31 MArCh, 2022:

letter dated 07 October, 2021 to the National Highway Authority of

India (“NHAI”) on account of continuous disruption and blockade of traffic on National Highway­71 due to farmer agitation with

stoppage of toll collection. The provisions of Concession Agreement provides for termination where events which are not in control

of KEPL, and obliges NHAI paying KEPL for repayment of Debt Due along with Adjusted Equity after necessary adjustments.

During the year, the subsidiary Company had recognised provision towards Expected credit loss of ` 48.96 Crores (adjusted for

equity loss already recognised) against loans given to KEPL / others. Further, the Promoters of KEPL have, jointly and severally

given ‘shortfall undertakings’ to the Senior Lenders, should there be any shortfall between amounts received from NHAI and that

payable to KEPL’s lenders, KEPL has received copy of the: letter dated 3 February, 2022 sent by an independent Engineer (“IE”)

appointed by NHAI in which the IE has sought to limit the amount payable (net of other deductions) as “Termination Payment”.

Accordingly, in light of the above the subsidiary Company has made further provision for Expected Credit Loss of ` 46.30 Crores.

The Subsidiary Company has also recognised ` 39.77 Crores towards their share (49.57%) being a potential shortfall, if any, which

is disclosed as an exceptional item. The subsidiary Company has made above provisions without prejudice to it’s and KEPL legal

rights and claims against NHAI and will continue to pursue these amounts against KEPL. Further, it will seek KEPL to pursue their

claims and termination payment against NHAI notwithstanding the above recognition.

liquidity Risk

The Table below provides details regarding the contractual maturities of significant liabilities

(` in Crores)

Particulars

as at 31 March, 2022

as at 31 March, 2021

less than 1

year

More than 1

year

total

less than 1

year

More than 1

year

total

Financial liabilities

(i)

Trade Payables

4,253.33

325.72

4,579.05

3,739.14

338.20

4,077.34

(ii)

Borrowings

2,155.74

1,555.97

3,711.71

1,546.13

1,605.24

3,151.37

(iii) Other financial liabilities

753.97

518.91

1,272.88

633.27

516.42

1,149.69

total

9,563.64

8,378.40

Note­ The above table does not include liability on account of future interest obligation.

interest Rate Risk

Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in

market interest rates. The group’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the group’s long­

term debt obligations with floating interest rates.

interest Rate sensitivity analysis

For the year ended 31 March, 2022 and 31 March, 2021, a 100 basis point increase / decrease in interest rate on floating rate

liabilities would impact group’s profit before tax by approximately 3.69% and 2.60 % respectively.

Commodity Price Risk

The group is affected by the price volatility of certain commodities like Steel, Zinc, Copper and Aluminum. Its operating activities

require the on­going purchase or continuous supply of these materials. The group holds derivative financial instruments such as

commodity future contract to mitigate the risk of changes in Zinc and Aluminum prices.

The sensitivity analysis have been determined based on the exposure to changes in commodity prices. The analysis is prepared

assuming the quantity of exposure outstanding at the end of the reporting period was outstanding for the whole year. A 5% increase

or decrease is used when reporting commodity price risk internally to key management personnel and represents management’s

assessment of the reasonable possible changes in commodity prices and the impact of the possible change on the group’s profit

before tax is 11.83 % for FY 2021­22 and 6.47 % for FY 2020­21.

notes ForMIng pArt oF the ConsolIdAted FInAnCIAl stAteMent

For the yeAr ended 31 MArCh, 2022

managing director and Ceo

c)

Individuals having significant influence and their relatives:

Mr. Parag Munot

Promoter Director

Ms. Sudha Golechha

Relative of Promoter Director

Ms. Sunita Choraria

Relative of Promoter Director

d)

Enterprises having Significant influence and having transactions with the group

Kalpataru Properties Private Limited

Property Solution (India) Private Limited

Kalpataru Limited

Kalpataru Construction Private Limited

K C Holdings Private Limited

Kalpataru Viniyog LLP

Kalpataru Holdings Private Limited

Kiyana Ventures LLP

Gurukrupa developers

Kalpataru Retail Ventures Private Limited

Agile Real Estate Private Limited

Abacus Real Estate Private Limited

Argos Arkaya Power solutions LLP

BGK Infrastructure Developers Private limited

Kalpataru Urbanscape LLP

Kalpataru Foundation

Dynacraft Machine Company Limited

Kalpataru Plus sharyans

38. disClosuRes PuRsuant to ind as 19 eMPloYee BeneFits (Contd.)

notes ForMIng pArt oF the ConsolIdAted FInAnCIAl stAteMent

For the yeAr ended 31 MArCh, 2022:

letter from its term lender for projects in Rajasthan and Gujarat stating that

the subsidy applied under Scheme of Development / Strengthening of Agriculture Marketing Infrastructure, Grading

and Standardisation (AMIGS) for its Agri Logistics Parks has not been approved on technical grounds as stated in

the Joint Monitoring Committee report and has recalled the advance subsidy of ` 2.25 Crores (Previous Year ` 2.25

Crores). The said advance capital subsidy received by subsidiary Company has credited to the relevant fixed assets

of the subsidiary Company in the year of receipt. The subsidiary Company has represented the matter to National

Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) and Directorate of Marketing & Inspection (DMI), Delhi. DMI

has initiated the process for reviewing the same in the light of submissions made by the subsidiary Company. The

subsidiary Company believes that the projects are well qualified under the said subsidy scheme and the same would

be approved by the relevant sanctioning authorities. The empowered committee of India has observed that cold

storage of Ramganj mandi (Rajasthan) and Deesa (Gujarat) are eligible for release of final subsidy ` 0.25 Crores

each (Total ` 0.50 Crores). Both Rajasthan and Gujarat locations related subsidy matters are pending before the

Hon’ble High Court Rajasthan, Bench Jaipur and Hon’ble Gujarat High Court, Ahmedabad, respectively. The Hon’ble

High Courts of Rajasthan and Gujarat have already granted stay order in favour of the Subsidiary Company. Stay

is continuing till the final disposal of the writ petitions. Gujarat High Court has decided Special Civil Application and

directed NABARD to release balance subsidy amount along with 6% interest per annum. Once certified copy of the

order / judgment is received, an early hearing application before Hon’ble Rajasthan High Court, Jaipur will be filed.

notes ForMIng pArt oF the ConsolIdAted FInAnCIAl stAteMent

For the yeAr ended 31 MArCh, 2022:

letter dated 07 October, 2021 to the

National Highway Authority of India (“NHAI”) on account of continuous disruption and blockade of traffic on National

Highway­71 due to farmer agitation with stoppage of toll collection. The provisions of Concession Agreement provides

for termination where events which are not in control of KEPL, and obliges NHAI paying KEPL for repayment of Debt

Due along with Adjusted Equity after necessary adjustments. During the year ended 31 March, 2022, JMC (a subsidiary

of the Company) had recognised provision towards Expected credit loss of ` 48.96 Crores against loans given to KEPL

/ others.

Further, the Promoters of KEPL have, jointly and severally given ‘shortfall undertakings’ to the Senior Lenders, should

there be any shortfall between amounts received from NHAI and that payable to KEPL’s lenders. KEPL has received

copy of the: letter dated 03 February, 2022 sent by an Independent Engineer (“IE”) appointed by NHAI in which the IE

has sought to limit the amount payable (net of other deductions) as “Termination Payment”. Accordingly, in light of the

above JMC has made further provision for Expected Credit Loss of ` 46.30 Crores. JMC has also recognised ` 39.77

Crores towards their share (49.57%) being a potential shortfall, if any, which is disclosed as an exceptional item.

(v)

In financial year 2020­21, the Company had transferred control of Alipurduar Transmission Limited (ATL) and

consequently the financial statements of ATL have not been consolidated w.e.f 26 November, 2020. Accordingly, for

the year ended 31 March, 2022 are not comparable with those of the corresponding year. The exceptional items of

` 209.64 Crores for the year ended 31 March, 2021, represents gain due to the aforesaid transaction and sale of stake

in Jhajjar KT Transco Private Limited by the Company.

56. additional disClosuRes PuRsuant to sChedule iii to the CoMPanies aCt

(i)

trade Payables ageing schedule

(` in Crores)

Particulars

not due outstanding for following periods from due date of payment

total

less than 1

year

1-2 years

2-3 years

More than 3

|years

FY 2021-22

(i)

msme

33.30

74.58

2.42

0.37

45.57

156.24

(ii)

others

1,201.72

1,687.79

137.85

61.38

59.91

3,148.65

(iii) disputed dues - msme

1.64

1.20

0.01

-

-

2.85

(iv) disputed dues - others

0.61

0.29

0.05

0.06

1.96

2.97

(v)

Unbilled

1,264.25

4.09

-

-

- 1,268.34

total

2,501.52

1,767.95

140.33

61.81

107.44 4,579.05

FY 2020-21

(i)

msme

96.22

75.60

1.58

0.47

0.23

174.10

(ii)

others

1,491.89

771.97

171.21

125.34

81.23

2,641.64

(iii) disputed dues - msme

1.14

-

-

-

-

1.14

(iv) disputed dues - others

0.05

0.27

1.33

0.68

0.83

3.16

(v)

Unbilled

1,257.30

-

-

-

- 1,257.30

total

2,846.60

847.84

174.12

126.49

82.29 4,077.34

notes ForMIng pArt oF the ConsolIdAted FInAnCIAl stAteMent

For the yeAr ended 31 MArCh, 2022

managing director & Ceo

Firm Registration No : 101248W / W­100022

DIN : 01229696

Vikas R Kasat

Rajeev Kumar

sanjay dalmia

Partner

Company Secretary

executive director

Membership No : 105317

DIN : 03469908

Mumbai : 14 May, 2022

Mumbai : 14 May, 2022

notes ForMIng pArt oF the ConsolIdAted FInAnCIAl stAteMent

For the yeAr ended 31 MArCh, 2022:

Letter etc. by clicking on “Upload

Board Resolution/Authority: Letter” displayed under

“e-Voting” tab in their login.

F.

Information as required under Regulation 36 of the

SEBI Listing Regulations with respect to Brief resume

of

letter of confirmation.

T.

Adhering to the various requirements set out in the

Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority

(Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016,

as amended from time to time, the Company has

transferred to the IEPF Authority all shares in respect

of which dividend had remained unpaid or unclaimed

for seven consecutive years or more. Details of shares

transferred to the IEPF Authority are available on the

website of the Company www.kalpatarupower.com.

The said details have also been uploaded on the website

of the IEPF Authority and the same can be accessed

through the link: www.iepf.gov.in.

Members may note that shares as well as unclaimed

dividends transferred to IEPF Authority can be claimed

back from IEPF. Concerned members/investors are

advised to visit the weblink: http://www.iepf.gov.in/

IEPF/refund.html:

letter / Power of Attorney etc. together:

