Message from the Chairman

20 Our Business Model

22 Stakeholder Engagement

24 Financial Capital

26 Manufactured Capital

32 Intellectual Capital

38 Human Capital

42 Natural Capital

46 Social and Relationship Capital

48 Board of Directors

50-151

Statutory Reports

50 Notice of the Annual General Meeting

68 Report of the Directors

94 Management Discussion and Analysis

102 Report on Corporate Governance

120 Business Responsibility and

Sustainablity Report

152-323

Financial Statements

152 Standalone Financial Statements

including Auditor's Report

229 Form AOC - 1

233 Consolidated Financial Statements

including Auditor's Report

Contents

For more information,

please, visit our website:

Performance

in FY 2021-22

Gross Sales

H3,268Crore

PBT

H263Crore

EBITDA

H269Crore

PAT

H208Crore

About the

Report

We are pleased to present our Annual

Report which includes voluntary

information to the extent available

to us, in accordance with reporting

framework developed and designed

by International Integrated Reporting

Council (IIRC). This report is primarily

intended to address the information

requirements of investors (our equity

and prospective investors). Our

endeavor is to present this information

in a manner that is also relevant to all

the key stakeholders. This report also

aligns with following:

• The Companies Act, 2013

• Indian Accounting Standards

• The Securities and Exchange

Board of India (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015

Scope and Boundary

This report covers information on all

business operations of Kirloskar Oil

Engines Limited, including disclosures

through six capitals as defined by

International Integrated Reporting

Council (IIRC). This report describes

our business model, significant risk,

opportunities and overall performance

and related outcomes. The parameters

for the financial capital covered in this

report are in relation to “Kirloskar Oil

Engines Limited” on standalone basis.

Reporting Period

The major reporting period for the

Annual Report is 1st April, 2021 to 31st

March, 2022. However, certain portions

of the report provide facts and numbers

from prior years in order to give readers

a complete picture.

Auditors' Reports

To ensure the integrity of facts

and information, the financial

statements are audited by G. D. Apte

& Co., Chartered Accountants and the

‘Independent Auditor’s Report’ has been

duly incorporated as part of this report.

Stakeholder Feedback

Stakeholders' constructive participation

and feedback are welcomed and

appreciated.

Email: investors@kirloskar.com

Website: www.kirloskaroilengines.com

Forward-looking Statements

This report contains forward looking

statements that describe our

expectations, based on reasonable

assumptions and past performance.

These are subject to change in light

of developments in the industry,

geographical market conditions,

government regulations, laws and other

incidental factors. These statements

must not be used as a guarantee of our

future performance, as the underlying

assumptions could change materially.

Natural Capital

Social and

Relationship Capital

Human Capital

Intellectual Capital

Manufactured Capital

Financial Capital

Our Capitals

All numbers rounded off to the nearest rupee

LIMITLESS

A

N

N

U

A

L

R

E

P

O

R

T

2

0

2

1-

2

2

Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited

A Kirloskar Group Company

Oil Engines

01:

Managing Director w.e.f. 20th May, 2022

Rahul C. Kirloskar

Mahesh R. Chhabria

Vinesh Kumar Jairath

M.Lakshminarayan

Satish Jamdar

Sunil Shah Singh

Kandathil Mathew Abraham

Dr. Shalini Sarin

Yogesh Kapur - Additional Director

(Appointed w.e.f. 29th September, 2021)

Purvi Sheth - Additional Director

(Appointed w.e.f. 19th May, 2022)

Pradeep R. Rathi

(Resigned w.e.f. 9th July, 2021)

Sanjeev Nimkar -: Managing

Dear Shareholders,

It is my pleasure and privilege to present

our Annual Report for FY 2021-22. The

year gone by was marked by several

challenges, ranging from repeated waves

of the pandemic, simmering geopolitical

tensions in Europe, runaway inflation,

supply chain constraints and a rather

subdued demand scenario in India and

other parts of the world.

Notwithstanding these headwinds, we

continued our resilient journey forward.

For this ultimate test of resilience, we

are grateful to our loyal customers and

committed teams who have made this

possible.

FY 2021-22 also witnessed the refresh

of our Kirloskar brand with a new logo

and a new business vision: Limitless.

We wanted to highlight the insight

that has been at the core of our group

for over 133 years. It’s something our

founders always believed in, and this

perspective has been passed down to

the current generation. It continues to

inspire us to perform for the benefit

of all stakeholders and for societal

progress.

Resilient Performance

During the year, we continued our

progress in the strategic growth areas

such as exports of our power generation

segment, focus on engines upto

1000kVA range, industrial engines for

OEMs, pumps for firefighting segment

in chosen export markets. Since the

second half of the year, we witnessed

good traction in the healthcare segment

for our power back up solutions,

infrastructure projects for our industrial

engines segment and schemes such

as Jal Jeevan Mission for our water

management solutions. Bharat Stage IV

(BSIV) transition and ramp-up has also

been executed smoothly.

Despite the near-term margin

pressures, Kirloskar Oil Engines

continued its focus on long-term

priority projects such as low emission

engines, gas-based products and

new platform products, Our team is

gearing with the upcoming CPCB IV

plus emission norms for the next year

roll out to ensure smooth transition for

our customers.

Overall, our performance was

encouraging in FY 2021-22, and we

maintained healthy cash flows. On a

standalone basis, net sales at H 3,268

Crore for FY 2021-22 registered 23%

increase Y-o-Y and the net profit at

H 208 Crore for FY 2021-22 grew by

23%. On the consolidated side, net sales

were higher by 22% at H 3,979 Crore.

Our encouraging financial performance,

despite of the challenging environment,

is a testament to our efforts to keep

moving ahead to unlock our limitless

dreams. With a strong balance sheet

already in place, we further aim to

continue to strengthen it progressively

while generating free cash flow.

We have also made some notable

improvisations in different business

verticals. Such as, our newly

developed models of power tillers and

improvements in Internet of Things

(IoT) activations in our market-leading

i-Green generator sets. Keeping our

dreams in focus, we are expanding our

market share in some of our existing

businesses and diversifying into new

market categories with significant

potential.

Nurturing A Green Legacy

‘Kirloskar’ as a brand has always

nurtured the legacy of being

an environmentally-conscious

organisation. We focus on building

a sustainable business, with the

support of all stakeholders. Our largest

manufacturing plant in Kagal is carbon

neutral. Additionally, we have remained

focused on all the elements of the

Environment, Social and Governance

parameters to continue our journey as a

responsible Company.

With our broad strategies in place, we

are aligned in fulfilling our sustainable

journey, leaving a legacy for generations

to come.

Tapping Limitless Opportunities

Despite challenging external factors,

we remain enthusiastic and optimistic

about our market opportunity. Our

efforts in new product development,

productivity gains, deeper penetration

of our brand, and channel expansion

present opportunities to scale up our

business further and enhance the key

business and financial performance

indicators.

As we enter the new fiscal year,

our focus is on long-term growth

opportunities. We will continue to work

hard to strengthen the Kirloskar brand,

build scale, expand our distribution

network and product range, drive

innovation and digitisation and

strengthen organisational capabilities at

all levels.

With a strong balance sheet, healthy

cash position, a great set of products,

and an experienced team to capitalise

on opportunities, we are well positioned

to unlock the opportunities in domestic

and international markets.

I want to take this opportunity to thank

my colleagues for their tireless efforts

and steadfast dedication towards the

company. It is their contribution that

has shaped our journey over the years.

I would like to conclude by expressing

my gratitude to you, our shareholders,

for being a source of inspiration for

us. I look forward to many more such

engagements, as we work together to

chart new frontiers of growth.

Atul Kirloskar

Message from

the Chairman

With a strong balance

sheet, healthy cash

position, great set

of products, and an

experienced team

to capitalise on

opportunities, we

are well positioned

to unlock the

opportunities in

domestic and

international markets.

18

19

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

Corporate Overview

A Kirloskar Group Company

Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited

Oil Engines:

Managing Director w.e.f. 20th May, 2022

Purvi Sheth

Additional Independent Director

Mahesh R. Chhabria

Non Executive Non Independent Director

Dr. Shalini Sarin

Non Executive Independent Director

Kandathil Mathew Abraham

Non Executive Independent Director

48

49

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

Corporate Overview

A Kirloskar Group Company

Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited

Oil Engines:

Managing Director of the Company to hold office for a period of 3

(three) years commencing from 20th May 2022, upon the terms

and conditions as set out in the agreement to be entered into

between the Company and Ms. Gauri Kirloskar (DIN: 03366274), on

the remuneration and other terms, set out below:

BASIC SALARY:

Rs. 6,00,000/- (Rupees Six Lacs Only) per month.

PERQUISITES:

In addition to the aforesaid salary, Ms. Gauri Kirloskar as the: Managing

Letter of Confirmation

to the shareholders, for converting their shares to demat form.

19. To prevent fraudulent transactions, members are advised to

exercise due diligence and notify the Company of any change

in address or demise of any member as soon as possible.

Members are also advised not to leave their demat account(s)

dormant for long. Periodic statement of holdings should be

obtained from the concerned Depository Participant and

holdings should be verified.

20. Members having multiple folios are requested to intimate

to the Company / R & T Agent such folios, to consolidate all

shareholdings into one folio.

21. Nomination

Members are requested to submit Nominations in prescribed

Form SH-13 to R & T Agent in case of holding of shares in

physical form and with their respective DPs, in case of shares

held in dematerialised form. The Nomination Form SH-13 is

available with R & T Agent of the Company and also on the

website of the Company www.kirloskaroilengines.com.

22. Register E-mail Address

To support Green Initiative, Members are requested to

register their e-mail addresses with R & T Agent viz. Link

Intime India Private Limited in case of holding of shares in

physical form and with concerned DPs in case of shares held

in dematerialised form.

In order to receive the correspondence / dividend, if any from

the Company in a timely manner, Members are requested to

register their e-mail addresses / Bank Account details, the

details of which as under:

For shares held in

Physical Form

Visit the link https://linkintime.co.in/

emailreg/email_register.html > select the

Company Name - Kirloskar Oil Engines

Limited and follow the registration

process as guided therein.

Members are requested to provide details

such as Name, Folio Number, Share

Certificate Number, PAN, Mobile Number

and Email ID and also upload the image

of Share Certificate / Aadhaar / valid

Passport in PDF or JPEG format (up to

1MB) alongwith supporting documents.

In case of any query, Member can contact

the R&T Agent at telephone numbers

+91 (020) 26160084 / 26161629 or send

email to pune@linkintime.co.in.

On submission of details, an One Time

Password (OTP) will be received by the

Member, which needs to be entered in

the link for verification.

For shares held

in Dematerialized

Form

Kindly

contact

your

Depository

Participant (DP) for registration or

updation of email address (es).

The Members (in case of holding shares in physical form)

who have not updated their bank account details for receiving

the dividend, if any, directly in their bank accounts through

electronic mode, may update their bank account details

through the aforesaid link by uploading the necessary

documents. The Members (in case of holding shares in

dematerialized form) are requested to contact DPs for

updating bank account details.

SEBI vide its Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/

CIR/2021/655 dated 3rd November 2021 and clarification

on the same dated 14th December 2021, on Common and

Simplified Norms for processing Investor’s Service Request

by RTAs, has mandated the furnishing of PAN, Address with

PIN code, Email address , Mobile No., Bank Account details

, Specimen Signature & Nomination by holders of physical

securities and that “From 1st January 2022, RTAs shall not

process any service requests or complaints received from the

holder(s)/claimant(s), till PAN, KYC and Nomination documents/

details are received”. For more details please visit the web link:

https://web.linkintime.co.in/KYC-downloads.html.

23. In compliance with the aforesaid MCA Circulars and SEBI

Circulars dated 12th May 2020, 15th January 2021 and 13th

May 2022 Notice of the AGM along with the Annual Report

2021-22, is being sent only through electronic mode to those

Members whose email addresses are registered with the

Company / Depositories.

Members may note that the Notice and Annual Report

2021-22 will also be available on the Company’s website

www.kirloskaroilengines.com, on the websites of Stock

Exchanges, i.e., BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange

of India Limited at www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.

com, respectively, and on the website of NSDL https://www.

evoting.nsdl.com.:

letter etc.

with attested specimen signature of the duly

authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized

to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail at

csmsp.office@gmail.com with a copy marked to

evoting@nsdl.co.in. Institutional shareholders

(i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can

also upload their Board Resolution / Power of

Attorney / Authority: Letter etc. by clicking on

"Upload Board Resolution / Authority Letter"

displayed under "e-Voting" tab in their login.

b)

It is strongly recommended not to share your

password with any other person and take utmost

care to keep your password confidential. Login

to the e-voting website will be disabled upon

five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct

password. In such an event, you will need to go

through the “Forgot User Details/Password?”

or “Physical User Reset Password?” option

available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the

password.

c)

In case of any queries, you may refer the

Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for members

who need assistance before or during the AGM

and remote e-voting user manual for members

available on the website www.evoting.nsdl.com

under the ‘Downloads section’. You can also

contact Ms. Sarita Mote, Assistant Manager via

e-mail at evoting@nsdl.co.in or call on toll free

no. 1800 1020 990 and 1800 22 44 30

IV. THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR e-VOTING ON

THE DAY OF THE AGM ARE AS UNDER:-

1.

The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the AGM

is same as the instructions mentioned above for

remote e-voting.

2.

Only those Members/ shareholders, who will be

present in the AGM through VC/OAVM facility and

have not casted their vote on the Resolutions through

remote e-Voting and are otherwise not barred from

doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-Voting

system in the AGM.

3.

Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting

will be eligible to attend the AGM. However, they will

not be eligible to vote at the AGM.

4.

The details of the person who may be contacted

for any grievances connected with the facility for

e-Voting on the day of the AGM shall be the same

person mentioned for Remote e-voting.

Managing Director of the Company, and considering the

complexity of the Company’s business, and the vast experience,

vision, advice, guidance and mentorship that will be required by the

Company’s executive management, the Board of Directors at its

meeting held on 27th January 2022 based on the recommendation

of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, considered and

approved that Mr. Atul C. Kirloskar (DIN 00007387) shall continue to

be a Whole Time Director with designation as Executive Chairman of

the Company to hold office till 31st March 2023 with retrospective

effect from 26th January 2022, on the terms and remuneration

as set out in item no. 5 of the notice. Mr. Atul C. Kirloskar has

been a director of the Company since 12th January 2009. He is a

non-retiring director of the Company.:

Managing Director of the Company, being the

daughter of Mr. Atul C. Kirloskar, respectively and other relatives

of Mr. Atul C. Kirloskar, to the extent of their shareholding in the

Company, may be deemed to be concerned or interested financially

or otherwise in this resolution.

Except above, none of the other Directors or Key Managerial

Personnel of the Company including their relatives are in any way

concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the proposed

resolution, except to the extent of their shareholding interest in the

Company, if any.

Based on the recommendation of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee the Board of Directors of the Company,

recommends the ordinary resolution set out in item no. 5 of the

notice for approval of the members of the Company.

ITEM NO. 6 OF THE NOTICE

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 161(1) of the Companies

Act, 2013 and Rules thereof including amendments thereunder

the Articles of Association of the Company and based on the

recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration Committee,

the Board of Directors of the Company appointed, Mr. Yogesh

Kapur (DIN 00070038) as an Additional Director of the Company

with effect from 29th September 2021.

In terms of the provisions of Section 161(1) of the Companies

Act, 2013 and Rules thereof including amendments thereunder,

Mr. Yogesh Kapur would hold office up to the date of this Annual

General Meeting.

He is also proposed to be appointed as an Independent Director

for first term of 5 (Five) consecutive years with effect from

29th September 2021, pursuant to Section 149 (including other

applicable provisions if any) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rules

thereof including amendments thereunder, SEBI (Listing Obligation

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, including

amendments thereunder and based on the recommendation of

Nomination and Remuneration Committee. The Company has

received a notice in writing from a member under Section 160 of

the Companies Act, 2013 and Rules thereof including amendments

thereunder, proposing the candidature of Mr. Yogesh Kapur for the

office of Director of the Company.

Mr. Yogesh Kapur, (Age 64 years), is Fellow Chartered Accountant

(FCA) with over 38 years’ experience in financial services sector.

He started his career in 1983 with Housing Development Finance

Corporation Ltd. (HDFC). In 1991 he switched to Investment

banking with HSBC and then joined Enam Securities Pvt. Ltd. a

leading Investment banking /brokerage house in 1994. In 2012 with

Axis Bank taking over the Investment Banking business of Enam

Securities P. Ltd., he moved to Axis Capital Ltd. a wholly owned

subsidiary of Axis Bank.

In 2014 he joined Axis Bank as Head- Strategic Relationship Group-

Wholesale banking for north India. Post his superannuation in July

2017, he rejoined Axis Capital on a contract as: Managing

letter for the appointment of Mrs. Purvi Sheth as an

Independent Director setting out the terms and conditions is

available for inspection by the members.

Mrs. Purvi Sheth is not inter-se related with any other Director or

Key Managerial Personnel of the Company.

Except Mrs. Purvi Sheth and her relatives, none of the other

Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their

relatives are concerned or interested financially or otherwise in

this resolution.

Based on the recommendation of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee the Board of Directors recommends the

special resolution set out in item no. 7 of the notice for the approval

of members of the Company.

ITEM NO. 8 OF THE NOTICE

The members of the Company in its meeting held on 4th August 2018,

appointed Mr. Satish Jamdar (DIN 00036653) as an Independent

Director for a term of 5 (five) consecutive years. His term is valid

upto 3rd August 2022. Mr. Satish Jamdar as a Board Member, made

significant contribution towards guiding the Company on various

strategic, financial and business issues and that the Company

benefited immensely because of his vast experience.

Mr. Satish Jamdar (age 70 years), B. Tech, IIT Mumbai, Management

studies in USA and UK, held leadership positions in several reputed

organizations. He retired as: Managing Director at Blue Star. Earlier

he was with Siemens, Voltas, GEC Alstom and BPL Sanyo. He

was actively involved with CII, as

letter for the re-appointment of Mr. Satish Jamdar as

an Independent Director setting out the terms and conditions is

available for inspection by the members.

Mr. Satish Jamdar is not inter-se related with any other Director or

Key Managerial Personnel of the Company.

Except Mr. Satish Jamdar and his relatives, none of the other

Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their

relatives are concerned or interested financially or otherwise in

this resolution.

Based on the recommendation of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee the Board of Directors recommends the

special resolution set out in item no. 8 of the notice for the approval

of members of the Company.

ITEM NO. 9 OF THE NOTICE

Pursuant to Sections 196, 197, 203 read with Schedule V and other

provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, read with rules thereunder

including amendments thereof, the Company is required to appoint

a: Managing Director or a Chief Executive Officer or manager and in

their absence, a Whole-Time Director, on the recommendation of the

Nomination and Remuneration Committee, subject to the approval

of the members at the ensuing general meeting of the Company.

Mr. Sanjeev Nimkar (DIN: 07869394), Managing Director of the

Company tendered his resignation vide letter dated 27th January

2022 which was accepted by the Board at the meeting held on 27th

January 2022.

Pursuant to Section 203 (4) of the Act read with rules thereunder

including amendments thereof, if the office of any Whole-Time Key

Managerial Personnel is vacated, the resulting vacancy shall be

filled-up by the Board at a meeting of the Board of Directors within

a period of 6 (Six) months from the date of such vacancy.

Accordingly, the Board of Directors in its meeting held on 27th

January 2022 based on the recommendation of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee considered that in view of the sudden

change in the executive leadership of the Company on account of the

resignation received from Mr. Sanjeev Nimkar, and considering the

complexity of the Company’s business, and the vast experience, vision,

advice, guidance and mentorship that will be required by the Company’s

executive management which Mr. Atul C. Kirloskar has always brought to

the Board and the Company, it would be beneficial for the Company that

Mr. Atul C. Kirloskar continues to be designated as the Executive

letter

dated 9th July 2021. The said confirmation was filed

with BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of

India Limited on 9th July 2021.

ii.

In compliance with Section 149 of the Companies

Act, 2013 & Rules thereof including amendments

thereunder and SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure

Requirements)

Regulations,

2015

including amendments thereunder, based on

the recommendation of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors

of the Company appointed Mr. Yogesh Kapur (DIN

00070038) as an Additional Director of the Company:

Managing Director of the Company

due to personal reasons and pre-occupation with

effect from 27th January 2022.

iv.

In compliance with Section 196, 197, 203 read with

schedule V and other applicable provisions if any

of the Companies Act, 2013, and the rules made

thereunder, based on the recommendation of the

Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the

Board of Directors of the Company continued the

appointment of Mr. Atul C. Kirloskar (DIN 00007387),

existing Director of the Company, as Whole Time

Director with designation as the Executive Chairman

of the Company to hold office till 31st March 2023

with retrospective effect from 26th January 2022,

which is subject to approval of the Members. The

resolution seeking approval of the Members for

the continuation of the appointment of Mr. Atul C.

Kirloskar (DIN 00007387), existing Director of the

Company, as Whole Time Director with designation

as the Executive Chairman of the Company to hold

office till 31st March 2023 with retrospective effect

from 26th January 2022, has been incorporated

in the Notice of the forthcoming Annual General

Meeting of the Company.

v.

In compliance with Section 149 of the Companies

Act, 2013 & Rules thereof including amendments

thereunder and SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure

Requirements)

Regulations,

2015

including amendments thereunder, based on

the recommendation of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors

of the Company appointed Dr. Ajay Bhushan Prasad

Pandey (DIN 07939197) as an Additional Director

of the Company in the capacity of “Non-Executive

Independent Director” with effect from 9th March

2022 to hold office of Director up to the date of

ensuing General Meeting. His appointment as an

Independent Director of the Company was for a

first term of five (5) consecutive years with effect

from 9th March 2022, subject to approval of the

shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Meeting.

However, Dr. Ajay Bhushan Prasad Pandey has

tendered his resignation as an Additional Director

in the capacity as an Independent Director of the

Company to avoid any potential conflict of interest

on account of his joining as Chairperson of National

Financial Reporting Authority (NFRA) with effect

from 21st March 2022. Further, the Company has

received confirmation from Dr. Ajay Bhushan Prasad

Pandey that there is no other material reason

for his resignation other than those mentioned

in his resignation: letter dated 21st March 2022.

The said confirmation was filed with BSE Limited

and National Stock Exchange of India Limited on

21st March 2022.

vi.

Mr. Nihal Kulkarni (DIN 01139147), has tendered

his resignation as Non-Executive Director of the

Company as he is desirous of pursuing his own

ambitions and interests which arc different and

independent of the Kirloskar group businesses,

with effect from 9th February 2022. The Board of

Directors in its meeting held on 9th February 2022,

has accepted his resignation with immediate effect

which was filed with BSE Limited and National Stock

Exchange of India Limited on 9th February 2022. On

9th February 2022, Mr. Nihal Kulkarni and his family

also conveyed their intension of discontinuation as

‘Promoter’ of the Company or otherwise directly

/ indirectly participate in the management of the

Company and also sale of their equity shares in

compliances with applicable laws/regulations.

vii. In compliance with Section 149 of the Companies

Act, 2013 & Rules thereof including amendments

thereunder and SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure

Requirements)

Regulations,

2015

including amendments thereunder, based on

the recommendation of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors

of the Company appointed Mrs. Purvi Sheth (DIN

06449636) as an Additional Director of the Company

in the capacity of “Non-Executive Independent

Director” with effect from 19th May 2022. In

accordance with Section 161 of the Companies

Act, 2013 & Rules thereof including amendments

thereunder, she will hold office of Director up to date

of ensuing Annual General Meeting. The Company

has received requisite notice in writing from a

member proposing her candidature for the office

of Director. The resolution seeking approval of the

Members by special resolution for the appointment

of Mrs. Purvi Sheth for a first term of 5 (five)

consecutive years, has been incorporated in the

Notice of the forthcoming Annual General Meeting

of the Company.

viii. In compliance with Section 149 of the Companies

Act, 2013 & Rules thereof including amendments

thereunder and SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure

Requirements)

Regulations,

2015

including amendments thereunder, the Board

of

Directors

of

the

Company

re-appointed

Mr.

Satish

Jamdar

(DIN

00036653)

as

“Non-Executive Independent Director” with effect

from 4th August 2022. The Company has received

requisite notice in writing from a member proposing his

candidature for office of Director. The resolution seeking

approval of the Members by special resolution for the

re-appointment of Mr. Satish Jamdar for a second term of

4 (four) consecutive years, has been incorporated in the

notice of the forthcoming Annual General Meeting of the

Company.

ix.

Mr. Vinesh Kumar Jairath (DIN 00391684) retires by

rotation at the ensuing Annual General Meeting and

being eligible, offers himself for re-appointment.

x.

In compliance with Section 196, 197, 203 read

with schedule V and other applicable provisions

if any of the Companies Act, 2013, and the rules

made thereunder, based on the recommendation

of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee,

the Board of Directors of the Company appointed

Ms. Gauri Kirloskar (DIN 03366274), existing Director

of the Company, as a Whole Time Director with the

designation as Managing Director of the Company

with effect from 20th May 2022 for a term of 3 years,

which is subject to approval of the Members. The

resolution seeking approval of the Members for the

appointment of Ms. Gauri Kirloskar (DIN 03366274),

existing Director of the Company, as a Whole Time

Director with the designation as Managing Director

of the Company with effect from 20th May 2022

for a term of 3 (Three) consecutive years, has been

incorporated in the notice of the forthcoming Annual

General Meeting of the Company.

xi.

Mrs. Mrunalini Deshmukh (DIN 07092728) tendered

her resignation as Independent Director of the

Company due to pre-occupation with effect from

20th May 2022 vide resignation letter dated

19th May 2022. Further, the Company has received

confirmation from Mrs. Mrunalini Deshmukh that

there is no other material reason for her resignation

other than those mentioned in her resignation letter

dated 19th May 2022. The said confirmation was

filed with BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange

of India Limited on 19th May 2022.

The brief resumes and other details relating to

the Directors who are proposed to be appointed /

re-appointed, as required to be disclosed under SEBI

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 including amendments thereunder,

forms part of the Notice of Annual General Meeting.

b)

Changes in Key Managerial Personnel

i.

Mr. Atul C. Kirloskar (DIN 00007387), Executive

Managing Director of the Company

upto 27th January 2022, had received the commission

of Rs. 5,30,000/- during Financial Year 2021-22 from

La-Gajjar Machineries Private Limited, Subsidiary Company.

c.

There was no instance of fraud during the year under

review, which required the Statutory Auditors to report to

the Audit Committee and / or Board under Section 143(12)

of Act & Rules thereof including amendments thereunder.

d.

The Company has maintained cost records as specified

by the Central Government under sub-section (1) of

section 148 of the Companies Act, 2013 & Rules thereof

including amendments thereunder.

e.

The Company has complied with all applicable mandatory

Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute of Company

Secretaries of India, New Delhi.

f.

To the best of our knowledge, the Company has not

received any such order from Regulators, Courts or

Tribunals, which may impact the going concern status or

the operations of the Company in future.

g.

There have been no material changes and commitments,

affecting the financial position of the Company which

have occurred between the end of the Financial Year of

the Company to which the Financial Statements relate

and the date of this Report.

h.

Neither any application has been made nor any

proceeding has been pending against the Company

under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016.

20. AUDITORS

a)

Statutory Auditors

The Members of the Company in their meeting held

on 5th August 2016, had re-appointed P G BHAGWAT

LLP Chartered Accountants, Pune, (Firm Registration

Number 101118W/W100682) as Statutory Auditors of

the Company for a second term of 5 (five) consecutive

years to hold office from Annual General Meeting held

on 5th August 2016 till the conclusion of the Annual

General Meeting to be held in the year 2021. Accordingly,

the second term of re-appointment of P G BHAGWAT

LLP Chartered Accountants, Pune, (Firm Registration

Number 101118W/W100682) as Statutory Auditors of the

Company was valid till 12th August 2021.

The members of the Company in their meeting held

on 12th August 2021, appointed G.D. Apte, Chartered

Accountants, Pune, (Firm Registration Number 100515W)

as Statutory Auditors of the Company for a first term of

5 (five) consecutive years to hold office from Annual

General Meeting held on 12th August 2021 till the

conclusion of the Annual General Meeting to be held in

the year 2026.

The Company has received from them the requisite

certificate pursuant to Section 139 of the Companies Act,

2013 & Rules thereof including amendments thereunder.

The Report given by the Auditors on the Standalone and

Consolidated financial statements of the Company for

the Financial Year 2021-22 is part of this report. There

are no qualifications, reservations, adverse remarks or

disclaimer given by the Auditors in their report.

b)

Cost Auditors

M/s. Parkhi Limaye & Co, Cost Accountants (Firm

Registration No. 191) carried out the cost audit during the

year. The Board of Directors has appointed M/s. Parkhi

Limaye & Co. as Cost Auditors of the Company for the

Financial Year 2022-23 as required under section 148

of the Companies Act, 2013 & Rules thereof including

amendments thereunder.

c)

Secretarial Audit Report

The Board of Directors has appointed Mr. Mahesh J.

Risbud, Practicing Company Secretary [PCS No. 185] to

conduct Secretarial Audit of the Company under section

204 of the Companies Act, 2013 & Rules thereof including

amendments thereunder.

The Secretarial Audit Report is annexed herewith as

Annexure D-1.

There are no adverse remarks / qualifications of

Secretarial Auditors in the Secretarial Audit Report for

the year ended 31st March 2022.

Mr. Mahesh J. Risbud, Practising Company Secretary,

Pune, has submitted Secretarial Compliance Report

as laid down in SEBI Circular CIR/CFD/CMD1/27/2019

dated 8th February 2019, and has also confirmed that

the Company has complied with of all applicable SEBI

Regulations and circulars / guidelines issued thereunder,

for the Financial Year 2021-22.

d)

Secretarial Audit of Material Unlisted Subsidiary

La-Gajjar Machineries Private Limited (LGM), is a material

unlisted subsidiary of the Company. The Secretarial Audit

of LGM for the Financial Year 2021-22 was carried out

pursuant to Section 204 of the Companies Act, 2013 &

Rules thereof including amendments thereunder read

with Regulation 24A of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 including

amendments thereunder. The Secretarial Audit Report

of LGM has been submitted by Mr. Mahesh J. Risbud,

Practicing Company Secretary for the Financial Year

2021-22.

The Secretarial Audit Report is annexed herewith as

Annexure D-2.

There are no adverse remarks / qualifications in the

Secretarial Audit Report of LGM for the the Financial Year

2021-22.

21. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS AND

REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Management Discussion and Analysis and the Report

on Corporate Governance as required under SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015, including amendments thereunder, forms part of this

Annual report.

A Certificate from the Statutory Auditors of the Company

regarding compliance with conditions of corporate governance

as required under SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015, including amendments

thereunder, also forms part of this Annual Report.:

letter dated 9th February 2022. The Board of

Directors in its meeting held on 9th February 2022, accepted

his resignation with immediate effect and took the same on

record. The Board of Directors in the same meeting also noted

the intention of Mr. Nihal Kulkarni and his family members of

exiting as promoters and shareholders of the Company in due

course, as communicated in their: Letter dated 9th February

2022. The same was filed with the Stock Exchanges viz. BSE

Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited.

My report should be read along with the annexed Disclaimer letter

of even date forming part of this report.

Sd/-

Mahesh J. Risbud

Practicing Company Secretary

FCS No. 810

C P No.: 185

UCN – S1981MH000400

Date: 19th May 2022

Place: Pune

PR – 1089/2021

UDIN: F000810D000341194

letter

of even date forming part of this report.

Sd/-

Mahesh J. Risbud

FCS No. 810

C P No.: 185

Date: 7th May 2022

UCN – S1981MH000400

Place: Pune

PR – 1089/2021

UDIN: F000810D000281046

To,

The Members

LA-GAJJAR MACHINERIES PRIVATE LIMITED

Ahmedabad

My secretarial audit report for FY 2021-22 of even date is to be read along with this annexure:

1.

Maintenance of record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. My responsibility is to express my opinion on these

records based on my audit.

2.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, Rules, Regulations, standards is the responsibility of the

management. My examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

3.

I have followed the audit practices and process as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the

contents of the records. The verification was done on test basis/check lists basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in records.

I believe that the processes and practices, I followed provide a reasonable basis for my opinion.

4.

I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records, Books of Accounts and other statutory records of

the Company. Under the COVID – 19 impacted situation, I adopted modified system & have totally relied on the electronic records

submitted to me for verification. In view of above, there could be some discrepancy which might arise in future as far as actual records

are concerned.

5.

Where ever required, I have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and

happening of events etc.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with

which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Sd/-

Mahesh J. Risbud

FCS No.: 810

Place: Pune

C. P. No.: 185

Date: 7th May 2022

UCN: S1981MH000400:

Managing Director/Executive Chairman is

placed before the Board on a quarterly basis.

d)

Category and Attendance of Directors

The names and categories of the Directors on the Board,

their attendance at the Board Meetings (BM) held during

the financial year 2021-22 and at the last Annual General

Meeting (AGM) and also the Directorships, Committee

positions held by them in other public limited companies

and shareholding of Non-Executive Directors as at

31st March 2022 are given in Table A and the names of

the other listed entities in which the Directors hold

directorship and category thereof as at 31st March 2022

are given in Table B:

I.

Table A

II.

Table B

Sr.

No.

Name of Director

No. of Director-

ships in other

Public Ltd. Cos.

No. of Committee positions

held in other Public Ltd. Cos.

Attendance at

meetings

No. of shares held

by Non-Executive

Directors

Chairman

Member

BM

AGM

Executive Directors

1

Mr. Atul C. Kirloskar *^

4

1

-

6

Yes

NA

2

Mr. Sanjeev Nimkar #

-

-

-

3

Yes

NA

Non-Executive and Non

Independent Director

3

Mr. Rahul C. Kirloskar *

5

-

3

6

Yes

1,77,82,902

4

Ms. Gauri Kirloskar *

4

-

3

6

Yes

57,53,580

5

Mr. Nihal G. Kulkarni *##

-

-

-

4

Yes

66,52,472

6

Mr. Mahesh R. Chhabria

6

2

-

6

Yes

11,552

7

Mr. Vinesh Kumar Jairath

6

-

7

6

Yes

-

Non-Executive and

Independent Directors

8

Mr. M. Lakshminarayan

6

2

5

5

Yes

-

9

Mr. Pradeep R. Rathi ###

-

-

-

1

Yes

-

10

Mr. Satish Jamdar

2

2

-

6

Yes

-

11

Mrs. Mrunalini Deshmukh

1

-

-

6

Yes

-

12

Mr. Sunil Shah Singh

2

2

1

6

Yes

-

13

Mr. Kandathil Mathew

Abraham

-

-

-

6

Yes

-

14

Dr. Shalini Sarin

4

-

2

6

Yes

-

15

Mr. Yogesh Kapur ^^

2

-

2

4

NA

-

16

Dr. Ajay Bhushan Prasad

Pandey ^^^

-

-

-

1

NA

-

Sr.

No.

Name of Director & Age

as on 31st March 2022

Name of the other Listed entities in which

Director holds Directorship

Category of Directorship

1

Mr. Atul C. Kirloskar,

Age - 66

Kirloskar Industries Limited

Non-Independent Non-Executive Director

Kirloskar Ferrous Industries Limited

Non-Independent Non-Executive Director

Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited

Non-Independent Non-Executive Director

2

Mr. Rahul C. Kirloskar,

Age – 58

Kirloskar Ferrous Industries Limited

Non-Independent Non-Executive Director

Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited

Non - Independent Executive Director

ISMT Limited

Non-Independent Non-Executive Director

3

Ms. Gauri Kirloskar,

Age - 38

Bombay Burmah Trading Corp. Ltd

Independent Non -Executive Director

Bombay Dyeing and Manufacturing Company

Limited

Independent Non -Executive Director

Sr.

No.

Name of Director & Age

as on 31st March 2022

Name of the other Listed entities in which

Director holds Directorship

Category of Directorship

4

Mr. Mahesh R. Chhabria

Age - 57

Kirloskar Industries Limited

Non- Independent Executive Director

Kirloskar Ferrous Industries Limited

Non-Independent Non-Executive Director

ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India

Limited (earlier known as WABCO India Ltd.)

Independent Non - Executive Director

Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited

Non-Independent Non-Executive Director

5

Mr. Vinesh Kumar

Jairath

Age – 63

Kirloskar Industries Limited

Non-Independent Non-Executive Director

Bombay Dyeing and Manufacturing Company

Limited

Independent Non-Executive Director

Wockhardt Limited

Independent Non-Executive Director

Bombay Burmah Trading Corp. Ltd

Independent Non -Executive Director

6

Mr. M. Lakshminarayan

Age – 75

ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India

Limited (earlier known as WABCO India Ltd.)

Independent Non-Executive Director

TVS Electronic Limited

Independent Non-Executive Director

ASM Technologies Limited

Independent Non-Executive Director

Wendt (India) Ltd

Independent Non-Executive Director

Suprajit Engineering Limited

Independent Non-Executive Director

Sansera Enginering Limited

Independent Non-Executive Director

7

Mr. Satish Jamdar

Age – 69

Kirloskar Industries Limited

Independent Non-Executive Director

8

Mrs. Mrunalini

Deshmukh

Age – 64

Kirloskar Industries Limited

Independent Non-Executive Director

9

Mr. Sunil Shah Singh

Age – 75

Kirloskar Pneumatic Company Limited

Independent Non-Executive Director

ITD Cementation India Limited

Independent Non-Executive Director

10

Mr. Kandathil Mathew

Abraham

Age – 64

-

-

11

Dr. Shalini Sarin

Age – 56

Linde India Limited

Independent Non -Executive Director

Automotive Axles Limited

Independent Non -Executive Director

ISMT Limited

Independent Non -Executive Director

12

Mr. Yogesh Kapur

Age - 64

Greenlam Industries Limited

Independent Non -Executive Director

Notes:

1)

Committee Positions includes only Audit Committee and stakeholders Relationship Committee as per Regulation 26 of the SEBI Listing

Regulations, 2015.

2)

Directorships held in Foreign Companies, private limited companies, one person companies and companies under Section 25 of the Companies

Act, 1956/ under Section 8 of the Companies Act, 2013 & rules thereof including amendments thereunder have not been considered.

3)

* Deemed as Promoters within the meaning of SEBI (Substantial Acquisition of Shares & Takeovers) Regulations, 2011.

4)

^ Mr. Atul C. Kirloskar (DIN 00007387) term of re-appointment as the Whole-Time Director with designation as the 'Executive Chairman' which

was valid upto 25th January 2022, extended till 31st March 2023.

5)

# Mr. Sanjeev Nimkar (DIN 07869394) resigned as the: Managing

Letter of Appointment is also issued to them.

The Company’s management makes business presentations periodically at the Board meetings to familiarise Independent

Directors with the strategy, operations and functioning of the Company. These interactions provide them with a holistic

perspective of the Company’s business and regulatory framework.

The details of familiarization programme imparted to the Independent Directors are available on the website of the Company.

(Web-link https://www.kirloskaroilengines.com/documents/541738/e6f5a223-f548-b43d-a5f5-861050d64f32 )

f)

The list of core skills / expertise / competencies required and available with the Board and names of Directors who have such

skills / expertise / competencies in the context of business of the Company for its effective functioning is as follows [Pursuant

to Schedule V, Part C (2)(h) of SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015]

g)

Criteria of Performance Evaluation of Independent

Directors

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee lays

down the criteria for performance evaluation of Director.

A separate exercise was carried out to evaluate the

performance of individual Directors including the

Chairman of the Board, who were evaluated on parameters

such as achievement against key performance objectives,

attendance at meetings, time devoted for the Company,

contribution in the Board process etc.

h)

Confirmation on declarations given by Independent

Directors

The Board of Directors, after due assessment of veracity

of the declarations received from the Independent

Directors, confirm that the Independent Directors fulfill

the conditions specified in the Regulation 25(8) of SEBI

Listing Regulations, 2015 and they are independent of the

management.

i)

Reasons for the resignation of Independent Directors

during the Financial Year 2021-2022, if any:

1.

Mr. Pradeep R. Rathi (DIN 00018577), Independent

Director, whose term of re-appointment was upto

6th August 2025, resigned from the Board of the

Company with effect from 9th July 2021, due to

likelihood of conflict of interest. He also confirmed

that there was no other material reason for his

resignation other than those mentioned in his

resignation: letter dated 9th July 2021.

2.

Dr. Ajay Bhushan Prasad Pandey (DIN 07939197),

Additional Independent Director, whose term of

appointment was upto 8th March 2027, resigned

from the Board of the Company with effect from 21st

March 2022, to avoid any potential conflict of interest

on account of joining as the Chairperson of National

Financial Reporting Authority (NFRA). He also

confirmed that there was no other material reason

for his resignation other than those mentioned in his

resignation letter dated 21st March 2022.

j)

Separate meeting of Independent Directors

The Independent Directors met twice in Financial Year

2021-22 on 6th January 2022 and 7th March 2022 without

the presence of Executive Directors or Management

representatives. The

letter of confirmation after processing the service

requests which shall be valid for a period of 120 days

from the date of its issuance, within which the securities

holder / claimant shall make a request to the Depository

Participant for dematerializing the said securities.

The Form ISR-4 is available on the website of the

Company and can be downloaded from the website of the

Company.

Pursuant to the SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015, a certificate

on yearly basis is issued by the Practicing Company

Secretary for compliance with share transmission/

deletion/sub-division, consolidation, renewal, exchange

formalities etc. by the Company.

The information on procedures and forms, which

are being asked for by the members frequently, viz.

Indemnity/Affidavit etc. for issue of duplicate certificates,

transmission procedure, change of address, NECS form,

Nomination Form, information about shares allotted

pursuant to the Scheme of Arrangement for Demerger/

Composite Scheme etc. are uploaded on the Company’s

website under Investors’ section.

f.

List of all credit ratings obtained by the Company during

the financial year for all debt instruments or any fixed

deposit programme or any scheme or proposal involving

mobilization of funds, whether in India or abroad

Not Applicable

g.

Address for correspondence

Registrar and Share Transfer Agent

The Company had appointed Link Intime India Private

Limited as Registrar & Share Transfer Agent (R & T Agent).

All physical transfers, transmission, transposition, issue

of duplicate share certificate(s), issue of demand drafts

in lieu of dividend warrants, change of address etc. as

well as requests for dematerialisation / rematerialisation

are being processed at Link Intime India Private Limited.

The contact details are as follows –

Link Intime India

Private Limited

Block No. 202, 2nd Floor, ‘Akshay’

Complex, Off Dhole Patil Road,

Pune – 411 001

Tel: 91- 20 26161629 / 26160084

Email: - pune@linkintime.co.in

h.

Shareholders’ Satisfaction Survey

As a part of our constant endeavor to improve shareholder

services, we have initiated a shareholders' satisfaction

survey. Please spare a few minutes of your valuable time

to fill this questionnaire. The Link is available on the

Company’s website viz. https://www.kirloskaroilengines.

com/shareholders-survey

i.

Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF)

In accordance with the provisions of sections 124 and

125 of the Companies Act and Investor Education and

Protection Fund (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund)

Rules, 2016 (“IEPF Rules”) dividends which remain unpaid

or unclaimed for a period of seven years from the date of

transfer to the Unpaid Dividend Account are required to

be transferred by the Company to the Investor Education

and Protection Fund (“IEPF”). The Members whose

dividend/ shares are transferred to the IEPF Authority

can claim their shares/dividend from the IEPF Authority

following the procedure prescribed in the Rules.

In accordance with the said IEPF Rules and its

amendments, the Company had sent notices to all the

Shareholders whose shares were due for transfer to the

IEPF Authority and simultaneously published newspaper

advertisements. The Company had frequently sent

communication to these shareholders by email whose

email address are available with R&T / DP and also

through various other modes viz. notice of general

meeting or notice regarding deduction of tax at source

(TDS) for dividend payment etc.

The voting rights on these shares shall remain frozen

until the rightful owner claims the shares.

The Company has appointed a Nodal Officer under

the provisions of IEPF, the details of which are

available on the website of the Company https://www.

kirloskaroilengines.com/documents/541738/602740/

Investor+Contact.pdf/afcc53ff-d850-31d4-f2da-

8651c7a85feb?t=1647842882083. Further, the Company

has also appointed Deputy Nodal Officer to assist the

Nodal Officer to inter alia verify the claim(s) and co-

ordinate with the IEPF Authority.

The Company has uploaded the details of unpaid and

unclaimed amounts lying with the Company as on 31st

March 2021 on the Company’s website and on the website

of the Ministry of Corporate Affairs at www.iepf.gov.in.:

letter in due course.

As on 31st March 2022, the total unclaimed equity shares

are 4,84,387

j.

Certificate from the Practicing Company Secretary

The certificate from Mr. Mahesh Risbud, Practicing

Company Secretary, [Registration No. 185] stating that

none of the Directors on the Board of the Company have

been debarred or disqualified from being appointed

or continuing as directors of companies by the Board

/ Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such statutory

authority has been obtained.

k.

Recommendations of Committee of Board of Directors

During the year under review, the Board has accepted all

the recommendations given by the Committees of the

Board, which are mandatorily required.

l.

Statement of fees paid by the Company along with its

Subsidiary Company to Statutory Auditors

Fees of Rs. 43.8 Lacs paid by the Company and Fees of

Rs. 3.10 Lacs paid by Arka Financial Holdings Private

Limited, Subsidiary Company to G.D. Apte, Chartered

Accountants, Statutory Auditors of the Company during

the Financial Year 2021-22.

m. Disclosure of Sexual Harassment at Workplace

The Company is committed to maintain an environment

in which all its employees can work together in an

environment free from prejudice or harassment or any

form of intimidation or exploitation including, gender

violence, sexual harassment and discrimination on the

basis of gender.

The Company has an Internal Complaints Committee

(ICC) constituted for each location, all committee

members and their contact details are available on

the Company’s internal portal along with the Policy

on Prevention of Sexual Harassment (POSH), which is

accessible to all employees of the Company.

Awareness programs are conducted on the POSH during

the Financial Year. Also, all new joinees at the Company

undergo separate induction on POSH policy. Online

course on POSH is made available to employees which

includes details of regulatory requirements, Incidents

that constitutes sexual harassment, dealing with sexual

harassment etc.

There were no complaints filed / pending with the

Company during the year in relation to sexual harassment

of women at workplace.

n.

Loans and advances in the nature of loans to firms/

companies in which directors are interested by name

and amount

NIL:

Managing Director

or Chief Executive Officer is separate.

DECLARATION FOR COMPLIANCE WITH CODE OF CONDUCT

The members of Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited

I hereby declare that all Board members and senior management personnel have affirmed compliance with the Code of Conduct, applicable

to them as laid down by the Board of Directors in terms of provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015, including amendment thereunder.

For Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited

Sd/-

Place: Pune

Atul C. Kirloskar

Date: 19th May 2022

Executive Chairman

Independent Auditor’s Certificate on Compliance with the

Corporate Governance

requirements under SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015

The Members

Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited

1.

We have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate

Governance by Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited (‘the Company’),

for the year ended March 31, 2022, as stipulated in Regulations

17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of regulation 46 (2) and paragraphs

C, D and E of Schedule V of the Securities and Exchange Board

of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) as amended from

time to time.

Management’s Responsibility

2.

The Management is responsible for ensuring that the Company

complies with the conditions of Corporate Governance. This

responsibility also includes the design, implementation and

maintenance of internal controls and procedures to ensure

compliance with the conditions of the Corporate Governance

stipulated in the Listing Regulations.

Auditor’s Responsibility

3.

Our responsibility is limited to examining the procedures

and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for

ensuring the compliance of the conditions of the Corporate

Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion

on the financial statements of the Company.

4.

We have examined the books of account and other relevant

records and documents maintained by the Company for the

purpose of providing reasonable assurance on the compliance

with Corporate Governance requirements by the Company.

5.

We conducted our examination in accordance with the

Guidance Note on Certification of Corporate Governance

issued by the Institute of the Chartered Accountants of India

(“ICAI”), the Standards on Auditing specified under Section

143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, in so far as applicable for

the purpose of this certificate and as per the Guidance Note on

Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes issued by the ICAI

which requires that we comply with the ethical requirements

of the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.

6.

We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements

of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control for

Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial

Information, and Other Assurance and Related Services

Engagements issued by ICAI.

Opinion

7.

Based on our examination as above and to the best of the

information and explanations given to us and representations

provided by the management, we certify that the Company

has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance

as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of

regulation 46 (2) and paragraphs C, D and E of Schedule V of

the Listing Regulations during the year ended March 31, 2022.

8.

We further state that such compliance is neither an assurance

as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the

affairs of the Company.

Restriction on Use

9.

The certificate is addressed and provided to the members of

the Company solely for the purpose to enable the Company

to comply with the requirement of the Listing Regulations,

and it should not be used by any other person or for any

other purpose. Accordingly, we do not accept or assume any

liability or any duty of care for any other purpose or to any

other person to whom this certificate is shown or into whose

hands it may come without our prior consent in writing. We

have no responsibility to update this Certificate for any events

or circumstances occurring after the date of this Certificate.

For G. D. Apte & Co.

Chartered Accountants

Firm Registration Number: 100 515W

UDIN: 22017532AJFWLZ7996

Sd/-

C M Dixit

Partner

Membership Number: 017532

Pune, 19th May 2022:

managing director and

senior leadership team review the Business Responsibility performance of

the company periodically as part of the overall management process.

The organization’s performance with respect to economic, environmental,

and social objectives is also evaluated regularly by the Board of Directors.:

Letter of Appointment is also issued to them. The company’s

management makes business presentations periodically

at the Board meetings to familiarize Independent Directors

with the strategy, operations and functioning of the company.

These interactions provide them with a holistic perspective of

the company’s business and regulatory framework. The details

of the familiarization programme imparted to the Independent

Directors are available on the website of the company.

(Web-link: https://www.kirloskaroilengines.com/

documents/541738/e6f5a223-f548-b43d-a5f5-

861050d64f32 )

All employees are provided with specialized training on

human rights policies and procedures. As a part of the

induction program, POSH training is provided on human rights

principles for new hires. Similar POSH training is also provided

periodically to existing employees. The company provides

a safe workplace environment and imparts training to its

employees on regular basis as required. The on-going toolbox

talks to the employees, explaining the existing manuals,

covering safety and machine handling aspects as another

mode to address safety. Various health and safety training

are conducted for the employees’ such as Safety Induction

training for new joiners, overall Health and Safety Training,

First Aid and CPR Trainings, Firefighting Trainings, road safety

awareness, mock drills, COVID-19 awareness creation and

protocol maintenance, On-site emergency plan, Handling and

disposal of hazardous chemicals, Safe operations in electric

hoist, cranes, forklift operations, etc. These trainings are also

conducted with the help of external agencies like CII, QCFI,

THORS India, etc. The company has also taken initiatives for

capability building to handle emission norms viz. BSIV and

upcoming norms like CPCB IV technology through structured

service trainings throughout the year.

KOEL also seeks to enhance the professional development of its

employees and other workers by formulating comprehensive

training modules through constant examination of market

trends. Functional and technical training is imparted to the

employees involved in core operations. Behavioral training,

planned centrally by corporate HR as per the business and the

organization’s needs, focuses on developing communication,

leadership, soft skills. Optimal training requirements of

Non-managers like Sales and Service Executive of Sales

and Marketing Business and Junior Service Engineers of

Customer Support Business Units are periodically assessed

and fulfilled accordingly.

2.

Details

of

fines

/

penalties

/punishment/

award/

compounding fees/ settlement amount paid in proceedings

(by the entity or by directors / KMPs) with regulators/ law

enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions, in the financial

year, in the following format.

Not applicable, since there were no fines, penalties, punishments,

compounding fees or settlement amounts paid in proceedings

by KOEL, its’ directors or KMPs with regulators, law enforcement

agencies or judicial institutions in the financial year.

3.

Of the instances disclosed in Question 2 above, details of the

Appeal/ Revision preferred in cases where monetary or non-

monetary action has been appealed.

Not applicable, since there were no fines, penalties,

punishments, compounding fees, settlement amount paid in

proceedings by KOEL, its’ directors or KMP with regulators,

law enforcement agencies or judicial institutions in the

financial year.

4.

Does the entity have an anti-corruption or anti-bribery

policy? If yes, provide details in brief and if available, provide

a web-link to the policy.

KOEL does not have a separate anti-corruption and anti-bribery

policy; however, anti-corruption and anti-bribery are covered

in the Employees Code of Conduct and Prevention of fraud

policy. The policy facilitates controls and establishes a system

to identify, prevent, report, investigate and enforce disciplinary

action relating to any fraud including bribery and corruption.

The

policy

can

be

accessed

here:

https://www.

kirloskaroilengines.com/investors/for-share-holders/policies

5.

Number of Directors/KMPs/employees/workers against

whom disciplinary action was taken by any law enforcement

agency for the charges of bribery/ corruption:

There were no instances reported during the Current Financial

Year (FY 2021-22) or Previous Financial Year (FY 2020- 21) of

any disciplinary action taken by any law enforcement agency

for charges of bribery or corruption against any Directors,

KMPs, employees or workers of the company.

6.

Details of complaints with regard to conflict of interest:

Not applicable, since there were no complaints received in

relation to issues of Conflict of Interest against the Directors

or KMPs of the company during the Current Financial Year (FY

2021-22) or Previous Financial Year (FY 2020- 21).

7.

Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway

on issues related to fines / penalties / action taken by

regulators/ law enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions,

on cases of corruption and conflicts of interest.

Not Applicable, since there were no fines, penalties or action

taken by regulators, law enforcement agencies or judicial

institutions on cases of corruption and conflict of interest.

LEADERSHIP INDICATORS

1.

Awareness programmes conducted for value chain partners

on any of the Principles during the financial year:

The following are some of the important initiatives, programs,

and campaigns that KOEL undertakes for its value chain

partners:

•

Principle 9: The ‘Zero Defect’ campaign was implemented

across the value chain with the goal of gap assessment

and project closure to create a strong and sustainable

quality culture. The Zero-Defect effort is one of the

industry’s benchmark programs, with a clear methodology

for identifying, prioritizing and monitoring Zero-Defect

projects. The company’s suppliers are evaluated regularly

for quality, environmental, and occupational health and

safety management systems, among other things.

•

Principle 8: KOEL held Supplier Quality Improvement

Contests

and

conferences

as

part

of

supplier

development. It provided a forum for suppliers to share

and learn about the best practices used by their peers

and improve operational and logistical efficiency.

•

Principle 4/ Principle 8: The company advanced into

the second stage of the much-appreciated ‘Samvardan’

initiative which seeks to strengthen the business

acumen of SME suppliers and assist them in developing

a well-defined strategy and enable an entrepreneurial

and growth mindset through the deployment of lean

principles.

•

Principle 4: KOEL supports small and medium sized

businesses among its suppliers, and the company’s

community programs were geared at addressing

concerns and challenges that affect the poor and

underprivileged sectors.

•

Principle 2/ Principle 9: KOEL has deployed a structured

approach of conducting annual training programs for

its All-India service dealers and their technicians on a

periodic basis to promote and ensure responsible use

of KOEL Products and enhance the competency of the

service dealer personnel by demonstrating the right

maintenance practices.:

Managing Director

has the authority to appoint and change the Ombudsman from

time to time. The Ombudsman determines the cases in which

further investigation is required and carries out the investigation

themselves or by nominating an investigator.

Grievance Redressal Mechanisms at KOEL are robust and

all complaints raised are resolved rapidly while ensuring the

confidentiality of whistle-blowers.

5.

Describe the internal mechanisms in place to redress

grievances related to human rights issues.

Whistle Blower, Ombudsman and Grievance Redressal

Mechanisms are in place for receiving and addressing

complaints and feedback related to human rights violations

and process improvements. Under the Company’s Whistle

Blower Policy, any individual employee, director, channel

partner, supplier, business associate, customer, contractors

or agency staff of the organization, may make a Protected

Disclosure regarding human right violations, keeping the

organization’s interest in mind.

6.

Number of Complaints on the following made by employees

and workers:

Not Applicable (During the reporting period, the company

received no complaints from employees on incidents of Sexual

Harassment, Discrimination, Child Labour, Forced Labour/

Involuntary Labour or any other Human Rights Issues)

7.

Mechanisms to prevent adverse consequences to the

complainant in discrimination and harassment cases.

KOEL’s HR practice is based on offering equal opportunity to all

without any discrimination. The processes are guided by the

inherent values of the company and are always in conformity

with labour laws, human rights, and other legislations

promulgated from time to time. KOEL has proper forums and

mechanisms such as Whistle Blower, Values Ombudsman and

Grievance Redressal in place to report human rights issues

and take effective remedial steps. The Whistle Blower policy

extends to value chain partners.

8.

Do human rights requirements form part of your business

agreements and contracts? (Yes/No)

Yes, supplier contracts contain human right clauses such as

no use of child labor and enforcing the use of PPE (safety) etc.

9.

Assessments for the year:

The due-diligence process at KOEL evaluates the adherence

to the code of conduct periodically and ensures strict

conformity to all statutory laws, human rights directives, and

other regulations. In the current reporting period (FY 2021-22),

100% of operations were subjected to human rights reviews.

10. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway

to address significant risks / concerns arising from the

assessments at Question 9 above.

There were no significant risks or concerns that were raised

in the assessments conducted and therefore no corrective

actions required.

LEADERSHIP INDICATORS

1.

Details of a business process being modified / introduced as

a result of addressing human rights grievances/complaints.

Not applicable (No Human rights grievances and complaints

were received)

2.

Details of the scope and coverage of any Human rights due-

diligence conducted.

KOEL firmly believes that values act as a foundation of a

reliable, responsible, and reputable organization. These

values deliver strategic direction for conducting business

systematically while upholding and respecting the human

rights and the dignity of the workforce. The due-diligence

process at KOEL evaluates the adherence to the code of

conduct periodically and ensures strict conformity to all

statutory laws, human rights directives, and other regulations.

In the current reporting period, 100% of operations were

subjected to human rights reviews. All employees have been

provided specialized training on human rights policies and

procedures.

3.

Is the premise/office of the entity accessible to differently

abled visitors, as per the requirements of the Rights of

Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016?

KOEL currently does not have any Disabled employees as part

of its workforce and therefore steps to make the premises

and offices accessible have not yet been taken. Before hiring

differently abled employees, the company will ensure that

premises and offices meet the requirements as per the Rights

of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016.

4.

Details on assessment of value chain partners:

100% of new suppliers were assessed during the reporting

year (FY 2021-22) using social criteria including diversity and

equal opportunity, non-discrimination, child labour, forced

labour and human rights.

5.

Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway

to address significant risks / concerns arising from the

assessments at Question 4 above.

All the suppliers reviewed throughout the reporting period

(FY 2021-22) had no negative social, or human rights

consequences; therefore, no corrective action was required.

PRINCIPLE 6: Businesses should respect and make efforts to protect and restore the environment

ESSENTIAL INDICATORS

1.

Details of total energy consumption (in Joules or multiples) and energy intensity, in the following format:

Parameter

FY 2021-22

(Current Financial Year)

FY 2020-21

(Previous Financial Year)

Total electricity consumption (A) (GJ)

88,419.99

73,851.19

Total fuel consumption (B) (GJ)

98,739.18

77,208.52

Energy consumption through other sources (C) (GJ)

-

-

Total energy consumption (A+B+C) (GJ)

1,87,159.17

1,51,059.71

Energy intensity per rupee of turnover (Total energy consumption/turnover

in rupees) (GJ / Crore INR)

57.28

56.71

Energy intensity (optional) (GJ/ BHP)

0.0266

0.0273

Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, name

of the external agency.

Yes, VK:E Environmental LLP, Pune had been engaged by Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited (KOEL) to conduct an independent assurance

of its Sustainability Report, wherein the data related to Energy consumption for FY 2020-21 has been verified and assured.

2.

Does the entity have any sites / facilities identified as designated consumers (DCs) under the Performance, Achieve and Trade (PAT)

Scheme of the Government of India? (Y/N) If yes, disclose whether targets set under the PAT scheme have been achieved. In case

targets have not been achieved, provide the remedial action taken, if any.

No, since the entity does not come under the category of Designated Consumers.:

letter of credit

issued by the Company’s bankers)

0.53

9.15

Aggregate liquidated damages on unexecuted orders

0.66

1.00

b.

The Company has imported capital goods under the Export Promotion Capital Goods Scheme of the Government of India, at

concessional rates of duty on an undertaking to fulfill quantified exports . Non fulfillment of export obligations, if any, entails options/

rights to the Government to confiscate capital goods imported under the said licenses and other penalties under the above-referred

scheme. Minimum Export obligation to be fulfilled by the Company is achieved by the Company under the said scheme in financial

year 2019-20. However as the cancellation of: letter of undertaking is still under process the same is disclosed as contingent liability.

5.3 Capital commitment

H in Crores

Particulars

2021-2022

2020-2021

Principal outstanding to MSME suppliers

98.22

77.21

Payment made to suppliers (other than interest) beyond the appointed day, during

the year

16.28

8.48

H in Crores

Sr.

No.

Particulars

2021-2022

2020-2021

a

Statutory Auditors

i

As auditors

0.43

0.49

Audit fees

0.37

0.37

Tax audit fees

-

0.06

Limited review

0.06

0.06

ii

Certification fees & assurance services

0.01

0.04

iii

Reimbursement of expenses

0.01

0.01

Total (a)

0.45

0.54

b

Cost Auditors

i

As auditors

0.07

0.07

ii

In other capacity

Certification fees

0.00

0.00

Total (b)

0.07

0.07

Grand total (a+b)

0.52

0.61

H in Crores

Particulars

As at

31 March 2022

As at

31 March 2021

Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account and

not provided for (net of advances)

42.17

27.05

5.4 Other Commitments

a.

The Company has given letter of comfort/undertaking to one of the subsidiary's bankers for credit facilities availed by that

subsidiary. As per the terms of letter of comfort/undertaking, the Company undertakes not to divest its ownership interest

directly or indirectly in the subsidiary beyond specified percentage.

b.

Commitment w.r.t. Acquisitions

The Company, on 21 June 2017 executed definitive share purchase agreement for acquisition of 100% equity shares in La-Gajjar

Machineries Private Limited (LGM). On 1 August 2017 the Company acquired 76% of equity shares of LGM as per the terms of

share purchase agreement.

Further, the Company has entered into a shareholders agreement on 21 June 2017 to purchase remaining 24% equity shares. The

Company has a call option to acquire and simultaneously, shareholders of LGM have put option to sell the remaining 24% equity

shares, to be exercised within the holding period of 5 years at a price based on mutually agreed upon formula. However, if the

options are not exercised in the given option period, the Company has to purchase remaining equity shares within 60 days from

the end of the option period by applying same formula agreed for at the time of exercising options.

5.5 Payment to Auditors (net of taxes)

5.6 The Sales for the current year includes an amount of H 0.09 Crores (31 March 2021 : H 0.34 Crores ) on account of supplies to SEZ.

5.7 The Company has amounts due to suppliers under The Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act 2006 (MSMED Act)

as at 31 March 2022. The disclosure pursuant to the said Act is as under:

Capital and other commitments

206

207

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

A Kirloskar Group Company

Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited

Standalone Financial Statements

Oil Engines

Managing Director) upto 28 April 2020

Shruti N. Kulkarni

Wife

Ambar G. Kulkarni

Brother

Jyotsna G. Kulkarni

Mother

3

Sanjeev Nimkar (: Managing

letter of credit, bank guarantee,

business deposits and such other forms of credit assurance schemes.

An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date on an individual basis for major clients. In addition, a large

number of minor receivables are combined into homogenous category and assessed for impairment collectively. The

calculation is based on actual incurred historical data. The Company does not hold collateral as security. The Company

evaluates the concentration of risk with respect to trade receivables as low, as its customers are spread over vast spectrum.

Financial instruments and cash deposits

Credit risk from balances with banks and financial institutions is managed by the Company’s treasury department in

accordance with the Company’s policy. Investments of surplus funds are made as per the approved investment policy.

Investment limits are set to minimise the concentration of risks and therefore mitigate financial loss if any.

c. Liquidity risk

The Company monitors its risk of a shortage of funds using a liquidity planning tool.

The Company’s objective is to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of bank

overdrafts, bank loans. The Company has access to a sufficient variety of sources of funding and debt maturing within 12

months can be rolled over with existing lenders.

Excessive risk concentration

Concentrations arise when a number of counterparties are engaged in similar business activities, or activities in the same

geographical region, or have economic features that would cause their ability to meet contractual obligations to be similarly

affected by changes in economic, political or other conditions. Concentrations indicate the relative sensitivity of the

Company's performance to developments affecting a particular industry.

222

223

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

A Kirloskar Group Company

Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited

Standalone Financial Statements

Oil Engines:

Letter of Offer issued by

AFHPL to the Company.

During the previous year 2020-21, the La-Gajjar Machineries

Private Limited has invested H 8.50 Crores in Optiqua Pipes

and Electricals Private Limited to acquire cables and pipes

business of Optiflex Industries (a partnership firm). With this

Optiqua Pipes and Electricals Private Limited is the 100%

subsidiary of La-Gajjar Machineries Private Limited w.e.f. 19

February 2021.

2

Basis of preparation of Financial Statements

The Group’s consolidated financial statements have been

prepared in accordance with the provisions of the Companies

Act, 2013 and the Indian Accounting Standards (‘Ind AS’) as

issued under the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards)

Rules, 2015 and amendments thereof issued by the Ministry

of Corporate Affairs in exercise of the powers conferred by

section 133 read with rule 7 of the Companies (Accounts)

Rules, 2014. In addition, the guidance notes/announcements

issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI)

and the guidelines issued by the Securities and Exchange

Board of India are also applied.

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on

accrual basis following historical cost convention, except for,

(i)

certain financial assets and financial liabilities that are

measured at fair value or amortised cost in accordance

with Ind AS.

(ii) defined benefit plans - plan assets measured at fair value.

(iii) equity settled share based payments measured at grant

date fair value.”

Amounts in the consolidated financial statements are

presented in Indian Rupees in crores rounded off to two

decimal places as permitted by Schedule III to the Companies

Act, 2013 unless otherwise stated.

The consolidated financial statements were approved by the

Board of Directors and authorized for issue on 19 May 2022

3

Basis of consolidation

(i)

Basis of accounting and preparation of the consolidated

financial statements

The consolidated financial statements of the Group have

been prepared in accordance with the Indian Accounting

standards (‘Ind AS’) to comply with the Accounting

Standards specified under Section 133 of the Companies

Act, 2013 (‘the 2013 Act’) and the relevant provisions

of the 1956 Act / 2013 Act, including rules thereunder

as applicable and guidelines issued by Securities and

Exchange Board of India (‘SEBI’). The accounting policies

adopted in the preparation of the consolidated financial

statements are consistent. All assets and liabilities have:

letter of undertaking is still under process the same is disclosed

as contingent liability.

6.2 Other Contigent Liabilities

H in Crores

Particulars

As at

31 March 2022

As at

31 March 2021

a

Aggregate amount of such letters of credit outstanding (Charge of

hypothecation referred to in Note no. 27 for working capital facilities extends

to: letter of credit issued by the Group’s bankers)

0.53

9.15

b

Aggregate liquidated damages on unexecuted orders

0.66

1.00

Capital and other commitments

6.3 Capital commitment

H in Crores

Particulars

As at

31 March 2022

As at

31 March 2021

Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account and

not provided for (net of advances)

42.79

27.68

6.4 Other commitment

a

The Company has given letter of comfort/undertaking to one of the subsidiary’s bankers for credit facilities availed by that

subsidiary. As per the terms of letter of comfort/undertaking, the Company undertakes not to divest its ownership interest

directly or indirectly in the subsidiary beyond specified percentage.

H in Crores

Particulars

As at

31 March 2022

As at

31 March 2021

b

Loans sanctioned not yet disbursed

455.90

69.98

c

Commitment w.r.t. Acquisitions

The Parent Company, on 21 June 2017 executed definitive share purchase agreement for acquisition of 100 % equity shares in

La-Gajjar Machineries Private Limited (LGM). On 1 August 2017 the Company acquired 76% of equity shares of LGM as per the

terms of share purchase agreement.

Further, the Parent Company has entered into a shareholders agreement on 21 June 2017 to purchase remaining 24% equity

shares. The Parent Company has a call option to acquire and simultaneously, shareholders of LGM have put option to sell the

remaining 24% equity shares, to be exercised within the holding period of 5 years at a price based on mutually agreed upon

formula. However, if the options are not exercised in the given option period, the Parent Company has to purchase remaining

equity shares within 60 days from the end of the option period by applying same formula agreed for at the time of exercising

options.

6.5 The Sales for the current year includes an amount of H 0.09 Crores (31 March 2021 : H 0.34 Crores) on account of supplies to SEZ.

Managing Director) upto 28 April 2020

Shruti N. Kulkarni

Wife

Ambar G. Kulkarni

Brother

Jyotsna G. Kulkarni

Mother

3

Sanjeev Nimkar

(: Managing

letter of credit, bank guarantee, business deposits and such other forms of credit

assurance schemes.

An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date on an individual basis for major clients. In addition, a large number of

minor receivables are combined into homogenous category and assessed for impairment collectively. The calculation is based on

actual incurred historical data. The Group does not hold collateral as security. The Group evaluates the concentration of risk with

respect to trade receivables as low, as its customers are spread over vast spectrum.

Financial instruments and cash deposits

Credit risk from balances with banks and financial institutions is managed by the Group’s treasury department in accordance with the

Group’s policy. Investments of surplus funds are made as per the approved investment policy. Investment limits are set to minimise

the concentration of risks and therefore mitigate financial loss if any.

d

Liquidity risk

The Group monitors its risk of a shortage of funds using a liquidity planning tool.

The Group’s objective is to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of bank overdrafts, bank

loans. The Group has access to a sufficient variety of sources of funding and debt maturing within 12 months can be rolled over with

existing lenders.

The risk arises due to asset liability mismatch. The inadequacy of the NBFC subsidiary in increasing its asset base, managing any

unplanned changes in funding sources and meeting the financial commitments when required may result in non-liquidity.

Mitigation:

•

NBFC has Asset Liability Management Policy in line with the RBI guidelines.

•

The Asset Liability Management Committee (ALCO) is responsible for managing the risk arising out of exposures to interest rate

changes and mismatches between assets and liabilities.

Excessive risk concentration

Concentrations arise when a number of counterparties are engaged in similar business activities, or activities in the same geographical

region, or have economic features that would cause their ability to meet contractual obligations to be similarly affected by changes in

economic, political or other conditions. Concentrations indicate the relative sensitivity of the Group’s performance to developments

affecting a particular industry.

In order to avoid excessive concentrations of risk, the Group’s policies and procedures include specific guidelines to focus on the

maintenance of a diversified portfolio. Identified concentrations of credit risks are controlled and managed accordingly. Selective

hedging is used within the Group to manage risk concentrations at both the relationship and industry levels.

The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities based on contractual undiscounted payments:

H in Crores

Particulars

On demand

upto 3

months

> 3 months

to 1 year

1 year to 5

years

More than 5

years

Total

Year ended 31 March 2022

Interest bearing borrowings

80.51

274.40

535.38

1,061.18

4.66

1,956.13

Other financial liabilities

17.78

112.07

27.36

0.54

16.64

174.39

Lease liabilities

–

0.79

4.39

3.35

–

8.53

Trade payables

3.64

565.96

6.24

–

–

575.84

Total

101.92

953.22

573.36

1,065.07

21.30

2,714.89

Year ended 31 March 2021

Interest bearing borrowings

78.67

75.57

266.56

416.99

–

837.79

Other financial liabilities

24.40

24.59

49.48

116.19

16.84

231.50

Lease liabilities

–

0.20

3.67

6.89

–

10.76

Trade payables

5.94

586.33

1.93

–

–

594.20

Total

109.01

686.69

321.64

540.07

16.84

1,674.25

6.14 Capital management

For the purpose of the Group’s capital management, capital includes issued equity capital and all other equity reserves attributable to

the equity holders of the Group. The primary objective of the Group’s capital management is to ensure that it maintains a strong credit

rating and healthy capital ratios in order to support its business and maximise shareholder value.

The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic conditions and the requirements

of the financial covenants. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the dividend payment to shareholders,

return capital to shareholders or issue new shares.

No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the years ended 31 March 2022 and 31 March 2021.

6.15 Leases

a.

Lease accounting

Lease liabilities movement

H in Crores

Particulars

As at

31 March 2022

As at

31 March 2021

Lease liability at beginning of the year

10.76

9.88

Add : Lease liability recognised during the year

2.91

5.13

Add: Interest on lease liability

1.01

1.18

Less: Lease rental payments

(5.60)

(5.43)

Less : Lease derecognised during the year

(0.56)

–

Lease liability at the end of the year

8.52

10.76

Total cash outflow for leases

H in Crores

Particulars

As at

31 March 2022

As at

31 March 2021

Short term leases and low-value asset leases not included in the measurement of

the liabilities

25.67

23.51

TOTAL

25.67

23.51

The Parent Company has entered into enforceable lease agreements for Bhare Plant up to 31 March 2022. The said agreement has an

extension option for further 3 term of 3 years each at the sole option of the lessee. Lessee has not considered this extension period for:

