Dear Shareholders,

The Indian economy saw a

sudden change in fortunes

during the financial year

2021-22 (FY 22). The second

wave of the pandemic active

during the first quarter of the

year, receded thereafter leading

to a swift and sharp recovery

in economic activity. All of this

meant the prevalence of a

volatile business scenario during

most parts of the financial year.

It was during this period that

LMW was able to register a

healthy growth in performance.

Growth came from all major

business divisions of the

Company reflecting Team LMW’s

resolve and determination to

meet customer expectations

despite adverse conditions.

Such efforts brought LMW

closer to the customer and, in

turn, strengthened customers’

confidence in brand LMW.

Sustainability – our driving force

During FY22 LMW had the

opportunity to interact with

customers across the spectrum

more incisively. An important

realisation from this exercise

has been that the Company’s

customers are increasingly

At LMW, we have

pledged to do our

bit towards making

ourselves and

our customers

sustainable. With

this objective,

we consider

sustainability as an

all-encompassing

platform while

designing and

manufacturing our

products.

migrating towards adopting

sustainable practices in their

respective businesses.

We realise that sustainability

principles and practices must

first flow unfettered across

LMW’s value chain before

our customer’s business can

become truly sustainable. While

we internally have an ecosystem

that appreciates and practices

the concept of sustainability in

industry, in the year ahead, we

intend to strengthen it further.

For example, we view our end

products from the perspective

of the components that make

them. Factors such as the ability

to recycle or reuse and energy

efficiency, among others, are

reckoned with at the initial

product design stage itself.

While LMW’s manufacturing

processes incorporate the

best environmental practices,

the Company chooses to instil

the same consciousness in its

vendors and other business

partners.

It would be the Company’s

ultimate goal to be recognised

and respected as a responsible

enterprise – in the way LMW

produces its products and in the

way its products operate at the

customer’s place.

This might appear to be a lofty

idea, but this is a journey which

we have embarked upon, which,

in my view, is the only way we

will sustain our success and

create lasting value for all our

stakeholders who have affirmed

their trust in us.

While LMW’s manufacturing

processes incorporate the

best environmental practices,

we choose to instil the same

consciousness in our vendors

and other business partners.

It would be our ultimate goal to

be recognised and respected as

a responsible enterprise – in the

way we produce our products

and in the way our

products operate.

This might appear to be a lofty

idea, but this is a journey which

we have embarked upon, which,

in my view, is the only way we

will sustain our success and

create lasting value for all our

stakeholders who have affirmed

their trust in us.

Looking beyond

Our future business prospects

look comfortable as we see

good traction for our products

and solutions. Our focus going

forward would be on making

our products more innovative

and efficient and our customers’

business increasingly

sustainable.

Additionally, we will continue

to ideate new ways to leverage

digital technology to increase

our relevance to the customer.

While the road ahead is arduous,

I am confident that we have the

experience and the expertise to

reach the end goal.

Acknowledgement

I thank the Board for their

continued support and guidance

in steering the Company on

its journey ahead. I extend my

wholehearted congratulations to

the entire team at LMW for their

untiring efforts in raising the

organisation to global heights.

Your passion inspires me to

think beyond the box and instils

the belief that our vision will,

sooner than later, transform into

on-ground realities.

My deep appreciation to all

our Shareholders for their

continued support. I also

extend my gratitude to all our

other stakeholders - vendors,

customers, bankers and

government authorities - for

their steadfast support and

assistance.

I am confident that we will

continue to work diligently

towards achieving sustainable

growth in the years to come.

Regards

Sanjay Jayavarthanavelu

Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

(DIN: 00004505)

Sri S Pathy

Director (DIN: 00013899)

Sri Aditya Himatsingka

Director (DIN: 00138970)

Dr Mukund Govind Rajan

Director (DIN: 00141258)

Justice (Smt) Chitra

Venkataraman (Retd.,)

Director (DIN: 07044099)

Sri Arun Alagappan

Director (DIN: 00291361)

Sri T C Suseel Kumar

Nominee Director of LIC

(DIN: 06453310)

Sri K Soundhar Rajhan

Director Operations (DIN: 07594186)

Sri Aroon Raman

Additional Director (DIN: 00201205)

w.e.f. 11th May 2022

Sri Jaidev Jayavarthanavelu

Additional Director (DIN: 07654117)

w.e.f. 11th May 2022

Chief Financial Officer

Sri V Senthil

Company Secretary

Sri C R Shivkumaran

Registered Office

SRK Vidyalaya Post

Perianaickenpalayam

Coimbatore – 641020

Tel: +91 422 7192255

Fax: +91 422 2692541-42

E-mail: secretarial@lmw.co.in

Website: www.lmwglobal.com

Corporate Office

34-A, Kamaraj Road

Coimbatore-641018

Tel: +91 422 7198100

Fax: +91 422 2220912

Statutory Auditors

M/s S. Krishnamoorthy & Co,

Chartered Accountants, Coimbatore

Cost Auditor

Sri A N Raman,

Cost Auditor, Chennai

Secretarial Auditor

Sri M D Selvaraj,

M/s MDS & Associates,

Company Secretaries in

Practice, Coimbatore

Bankers

Indian Bank

Citibank N.A.

HDFC Bank

Standard Chartered Bank

Registrar and

Share Transfer Agents

S.K.D.C. Consultants Limited

Surya,

35, Mayflower Avenue,

Behind Senthil Nagar,

Sowripalayam Road,

Coimbatore – 641028

Tel: +91 422 4958995, 2539835-36

Fax: +91 422 2539837

E-mail: info@skdc-consultants.com:

letter of

confirmation with the respective Depository

Participant within the prescribed timeline.

C.

Further,

SEBI

vide

its

circular

dated

3rd November 2021 has also mandated that

the Shareholders holding shares in physical

form are required to update their PAN, KYC

details, bank details and nomination details

with the RTA on or before 1st April 2023, failing

which the securities held by such Shareholder

will be frozen by the RTA. The securities once

frozen will revert to normal status only upon

receipt of requisite KYC documents or upon

dematerialization of the said securities.

Shareholders holding shares in physical

form may also note that once the securities

are frozen, the dividend payments will be

processed only upon receipt of requisite KYC

details and credited to the bank account of the

Shareholder electronically.

D.

Further,

SEBI

vide

its

circular

dated

3rd November 2021 has also mandated that

the Shareholders holding shares in physical

form are required to compulsorily link their

PAN and Aadhaar. Accordingly, the physical

folios in which PAN and Aadhaar are not

linked have been frozen by the RTA. The

securities which have been frozen will revert

to normal status only upon receipt of requisite

KYC documents or upon dematerialization of

the said securities.

Necessary prior intimation(s) in this regard

was provided to the Shareholders on

21st January 2022. Therefore, Members

holding share(s) in physical form are

requested to immediately update their KYC

details / dematerialize their shareholding in

the Company. A copy of the said circular(s)

is available on the Company’s website

www.lmwglobal.com.

11. a.

Members are requested to notify immediately

any change in their address:

i.

to

their

Depository

Participant(s)

(“DPs”) in respect of the shares held in

electronic form, and

ii.

to the Company or its RTA, in respect of

the shares held in physical form together

with a proof of address viz, Aadhar Card

/Electricity Bill/ Telephone Bill/Ration

Card/Voter ID Card/ Passport etc.

b.

In case the registered mailing address is

without the Postal Identification Number

Code (“PIN CODE”), Members are requested

to kindly inform their PIN CODE immediately

to the Company/ RTA/ DPs.

12. Non-Resident

Indian

(“NRI”)

Members

are

requested to inform the Company or its RTA or to

the concerned Depository Participant(s), as the

case may be, immediately:

a.

the change in their residential status on

return to India for permanent settlement.

or

b.

the particulars of the NRE/NRO Account with

a Bank in India, if not furnished earlier.

13. As per the provisions of Section 72 of the

Act, facility for making nominations is now

available to individuals holding shares in the

Company. Members holding shares in physical

form may obtain the Nomination Form from

the RTA of the Company or can download the

form from the Company’s website namely

www.lmwglobal.com. Members holding shares in

electronic form must approach their Depository

Participant(s) for completing the nomination

formalities.

14. Members who are holding shares in identical order

of names in more than one folio are requested to

send to the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent

(“RTA”), the details of such folios together with the

share certificates for consolidating their holdings

into one folio.

15. Members

are

requested

to

make

all

correspondence

in

connection

with

shares

held by them by addressing letters directly to

the Company Secretary of the Company or its

RTA, namely, M/s S.K.D.C. Consultants Limited,

‘Surya’, 35, Mayflower Avenue, behind Senthil

Nagar, Sowripalayam Road, Coimbatore – 641028,

Tamil Nadu, India, by quoting the Folio number or

the Client ID number with DP ID number.

16. In case of joint holders, the Member whose name

appears as the first holder in the order of names as

per the Register of Members of the Company will

be entitled to vote at the AGM.

17. A Member who needs any clarification on accounts

or operations of the Company shall send his/her

queries addressed to the Company Secretary at

investors@lmw.co.in, so as to reach him on or

before 22nd July 2022. Such queries will be replied

to by the Company suitably, during the AGM or

through a separate e-mail.

18. Members who wish to claim dividends, which

remain unclaimed, are requested to correspond

with the Company Secretary / RTA of the Company.

Members are requested to note that pursuant to

Section 124 of the Companies Act, 2013 dividends

not claimed within seven years from the date

of transfer to the Company’s Unpaid Dividend

Account, will be transferred to the Investor

Education and Protection Fund (“IEPF”) established

by the Central Government under Section 125 of

the Companies Act, 2013. The details of unpaid

dividend can be viewed on the Company’s website

www.lmwglobal.com. As per the provisions of Rule

6 of the Investor Education and Protection Fund

Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund)

Rules, 2016, the Company will be transferring the

share(s) on which the beneficial owner has not

encashed any dividend during the last seven years

to the IEPF demat account as identified by the IEPF

Authority. Details of Shareholders whose shares

are liable to be transferred to IEPF are available on

the Company’s website: www.lmwglobal.com. The

Shareholders whose unclaimed dividend /share

has been transferred to the ‘Investor Education

and Protection Fund’, may claim the same from the

IEPF authority by filing Form IEPF-5 along with the

requisite documents.

19. In compliance with the aforesaid MCA Circulars

and SEBI Circulars, Notice of the AGM along with

the Annual Report 2021-22 is being sent only

through electronic mode to those Members whose

email address is registered with the Company/

Depositories. Members may note that the Notice

and Annual Report 2021-22 is also available on

the Company’s website www.lmwglobal.com,

websites of the Stock Exchanges i.e., BSE Limited

and National Stock Exchange of India Limited at

www.bseindia.com

and

www.nseindia.com

respectively, and on the website of NSDL

www.evoting.nsdl.com. Further pursuant to SEBI’s

Circular dated 13th May 2022 the Company will

be sending a hard copy of the Annual Report to

those Shareholders who request for the same at

investors@lmw.co.in.

20. Members attending the AGM through VC / OAVM

shall be counted for the purpose of reckoning the

quorum under Section 103 of the Act.

21. Pursuant to Finance Act 2020, dividend income

will be taxable in the hands of Shareholders w.e.f.

1st April 2020 and the Company is required to deduct

tax at source from dividend paid to Shareholders at

the prescribed rates. For the prescribed rates for

various categories, the Shareholders are requested

to refer to the Finance Act, 2020 and amendments

thereof. The Shareholders are requested to update

their Residential Status, Category as per Income

Tax Act (“IT Act”), PAN with the Company/RTA (in

case of shares being held in physical mode) and

depositories (in case of shares being held in demat

mode) immediately.

A resident individual Shareholder having PAN and

entitled to receive dividend amount exceeding

C5,000/- and who is not liable to pay Income Tax, can

submit a yearly declaration in Form No. 15G/15H, to

avail the benefit of non-deduction of tax at source by

email to lmwgreen@skdc-consultants.com on or

before 25th July 2022. Shareholders are requested

to note that in case their PAN is not registered with

the DP/Company, the tax will be deducted at the

applicable higher rate.

Non-resident Shareholders can avail beneficial

rates under the relevant tax treaty between

India and their country of residence, subject to

providing necessary documents i.e. No Permanent

Establishment

and

Beneficial

Ownership

Declaration, Tax Residency Certificate, Form 10F,

any other document which may be required to

avail the tax treaty benefits by sending an email to

lmwgreen@skdc-consultants.com. The aforesaid

declarations and documents need to be submitted

by a Shareholder on or before 25th July 2022.

Separate intimation in this regard to Shareholders

will be given on or before 25th June 2022.

22. Since the AGM will be held through VC / OAVM, the

Route Map is not annexed to this Notice.

23. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”)

has mandated for submission of Permanent

Account Number (“PAN”) by every participant in

the securities market. Members holding shares in

electronic form are, therefore, requested to submit

their PAN to their Depository Participant(s) with

whom they are maintaining their demat account(s).

Members holding shares in physical form can

submit their PAN details to the RTA.

24. Members holding shares in electronic form may

please note that as per the regulations of Securities

and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”), National

Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL”) and Central

Depository Services (India) Limited (“CDSL”),

the Company is obliged to print the bank details

on the dividend warrants as furnished by these

depositories to the Company and the Company

will not entertain any request for deletion/change

of Bank details already printed on dividend

warrants as per the information received from the

concerned depositories. In this regard, Members

should contact their Depository Participant(s)

(“DP”) and furnish particulars of any changes as

desired by them.

25. Brief resume, details of shareholding and Directors’

inter-se relationship; of Directors seeking election/

re-election as required under Regulation 36 of

the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure:

letter etc. with

attested specimen signature of the duly authorized

signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to

the Scrutinizer by e-mail to lmwscrutinizer@

mdsassociates.in with a copy marked to evoting@

nsdl.co.in. Institutional Shareholders (i.e. other than

individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their

Board Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority: Letter etc. by clicking on “Upload Board Resolution

/ Authority Letter” displayed under “e-Voting” tab in

their login.

2.

It is strongly recommended not to share your

password with any other person and take utmost

care to keep your password confidential. Login

to the e-voting website will be disabled upon

five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct

password. In such an event, you will need to go

through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or

“Physical User Reset Password?” option available

on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

3.

In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently

Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and

e-voting user manual for Shareholders available at

the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or

call on toll free no.: 1800 1020 990 and 1800 22 44

30 or send a request to Ms Pallavi Mhatre, Manager

at evoting@nsdl.co.in.

Process for those Shareholders whose email ids are

not registered with the depositories for procuring

user id and password and registration of e mail ids for

e-voting for the resolutions set out in this Notice:

1.

In case shares are held in physical mode please

provide Folio No., Name of Shareholder scanned

copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN

(self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR

(self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by

email to investors@lmw.co.in.

Managing Director of the Company.

Sri

Sanjay

Jayavarthanavelu

and

Sri

Jaidev

Jayavarthanavelu are interested in the Resolution as

set out in Item No.5 of the Notice to the extent of their

shareholding. Relatives of Sri Jaidev Jayavarthanavelu

may deemed to be interested in the Resolution to the

extent of their shareholding, if any, in the Company.

Save and except the above, none of the other Directors

/ Key Managerial Personnel of the Company / their

relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested,

financially or otherwise, in the Resolution as set out in

Item No. 5 of the Notice.

ITEM No. 6

In terms of Section 161 of the Companies Act,

2013, the Board of Directors of the Company on the

recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee had appointed Sri Aroon Raman (DIN:

00201205), as an Additional Director on the Board of

Directors of the Company with effect from 11th May 2022.

Sri Aroon Raman holds office up to the date of this

Annual General Meeting pursuant to Section 161 of the

Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 17(1C) of SEBI

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”). The Company

has received a Notice in writing from a Member under

Section 160 of the Act, proposing his candidature for the

office of Independent Director of the Company.

Sri Aroon Raman is not disqualified from being appointed

as a Director in terms of Section 164 of the Act and is

not debarred from holding the office of Director by virtue

of any Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”)

order or any other such authority. He has given his

consent to act as a Director along with the declaration to

the effect that he meets the criteria of independence as

prescribed under the Act and the Listing Regulations and

that his name is included in the databank of Independent

Directors as required under Rule 6(3) of the Companies

(Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014.

In the opinion of the Board, Sri Aroon Raman fulfills

the conditions as specified under the Act read with the

Rules made thereunder and the Listing Regulations

for his appointment as an Independent Director of the

Company and is also independent of the Management.

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the

Board of Directors have reviewed/ evaluated the balance

of skills, knowledge and experience on the Board and

have identified the role and capabilities required of an

Independent Director and have considered that the

appointment of Sri Aroon Raman with his experience

and expertise will be of immense value addition to

the Company.

A copy of the draft Appointment: Letter to be issued to

Sri Aroon Raman upon his appointment as an

Independent

Managing Director of the Company.

Qualification

BA (Hons) with specialization in Business and Management from the University of

Exeter.

Expertise in area / Experience

He has nearly four years of experience in the fields of textile engineering, machine

tools, aerospace, logistics, information technology, Digital - Industry 4.0, marketing

and administration

Number of Shares held in the Company

(including shareholding as a beneficial

owner)

460 Equity Shares of C10 each.

Further he holds 17% of beneficial interest in the Company along with others.

Board Position Held

Additional Director (Non-Executive, Non-Independent, part of the promoter group)

Terms and conditions of appointment

As per the Resolution as stated in item no.5 of the Notice.

Remuneration paid for the financial year

Nil

Remuneration proposed to be paid

He is entitled for payment of sitting fees for attending the Meetings of the Board and

its Committees. He shall also be paid Commission on net profits of the Company as

decided by the Board of Directors within the limits as approved by the Shareholders.

Number of Board Meetings attended

during the year

Nil

Directorship held in other companies

Listed: Nil

Others:

1.

Chakradhara Aerospace and Cargo Private Limited

2.

Lakshmi Life Sciences Private Limited

3.

Lakshmi Cargo Company Limited

4.

Petrus Technologies Private Limited

Names of the listed entities from which the

person has resigned in the past 3 years

Nil

Chairman

/

Membership

in

other

committees of the Board

Nil

Sri Aroon Raman

Name

Sri Aroon Raman

Director Identification Number (DIN)

00201205

Date of Birth/Nationality

21st March 1960 / Indian

Date of appointment on the Board

11th May 2022

Inter-se

relationship

with

other

Directors/Key Managerial Personnel

None of the Directors and /or Key Managerial Persons of the Company and their

relatives are related to Sri Aroon Raman.

Qualification

M.A. from Jawaharlal Nehru University and

M.B.A. from University of Pennsylvania, USA

Expertise in area / Experience

Has over three decades experience in varied fields of technology, operations, general

management, research & development.

The skills and capabilities required

for the role and the manner in which

the proposed person meets such

requirements

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee at its meeting held on 11th May

2022 considering Sri Aroon Raman’s technical & management expertise, business

knowledge and significant contribution made by him to various industries has

recommended to the Board his appointment as an Independent Director.

Number of Shares held in the Company

(including shareholding as a beneficial

owner)

Nil. Further he does not hold any beneficial interest in the equity shares of the

Company.

Board Position Held

Additional Director (Non-Executive, Independent)

Terms and conditions of appointment

As per the Resolution as stated in item no.6 of the Notice.

Remuneration paid for the financial year

Nil

Remuneration proposed to be paid

He is entitled for payment of sitting fees for attending the Meetings of the Board and

its Committees. He shall also be paid Commission on net profits of the Company as

decided by the Board of Directors within the limits as approved by the Shareholders.

Number of Board Meetings attended

during the year

Nil

Directorship held in other companies

Listed:

1.

Carborundum Universal

Limited

2.

Wheels India Limited

3.

Brigade Enterprises Limited

Others:

1. TVS Automobile Solutions Private Limited

2. Telos Investments & Technologies Private

Limited

3. Edutech NTTF India Private Limited

4. Nettur Technical Training Foundation

5. Trichur Sundaram Santhanam & Family

Private Limited

Names of the listed entities from which

the person has resigned in the past 3

years

Nil

Chairman / Membership in other

Committees of the Board

Listed:

1.

Carborundum Universal Limited:

Member – Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee, Risk

Management Committee, Chairman - Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

2.

Brigade Enterprises Limited:

Chairman – Nomination and Remuneration Committee

Member – Audit Committee and Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

3. Wheels lndia Limited:

Member – Nomination & Remuneration Committee, Corporate Social

Responsibility Committee, Audit Committee.

Unlisted:

1. TVS Automobile Solutions Private Limited:

Member – Nomination & Remuneration Committee, Audit Committee.:

Dear Shareholders,

The Board of Directors of your Company are pleased to present the Annual Report on the business of the Company

along with the standalone summary of Financial Statements for the year ended 31st March 2022.

1. The State of Affairs of the Company, Dividend and Reserve

The Board has prepared its report based on the standalone Financial Statements of the Company and the Annual

Report contains a separate section wherein a report on the performance and financial position of its wholly owned

subsidiary companies is presented in Form AOC-1.

Financial summary/highlights and transfer to General Reserve

(H in Lakhs)

Sl. No

Particulars

Current Year 2021-22

Previous Year 2020-21

1

Revenue from Operations

3,15,260.61

1,76,885.14

2

Operating Expenses

2,84,267.08

1,62,098.14

3

Exceptional Items

1,716.98

2,211.54

4

Gross Profit

29,276.55

12,575.46

5

Depreciation

5,581.90

5,155.89

6

Profit before Tax

23,694.65

7,419.57

7

Provision for Tax

5,727.04

2,673.56

8

Net Profit after Tax

17,967.61

4,746.01

Transfer to Reserve:

The Company has transferred

a sum of H1,800.00 Lakhs out of

the current year profits to the

General Reserve.

Dividend:

The Board recommends a dividend

of H40/- per equity share having

a face value of H10/- each [400%]

on the equity share capital of

H10,68,30,000/- for the year ended

on 31st March 2022 aggregating to

H4,273.20 Lakhs. As per Finance

Act, 2020, the Dividend is taxable

in the hands of the Shareholders.

Dividend on equity shares is

subject to the approval of the

Shareholders at the ensuing Annual

General Meeting.

The unclaimed Dividend relating

to the financial year 2014-15, is

due for transfer during September

2022 to the Investor Education and

Protection Fund (IEPF) established

by the Central Government.

During the year under review,

as per the requirements of the

Investor Education and Protection

Fund Authority (Accounting, Audit,

Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016,

(IEPF Rules) 249 equity shares of

H10/- each on which dividend had

remained unclaimed for a period

of 7 years has been transferred

to the credit of the demat account

identified by the IEPF Authority.

As on the date of this report, the

Company has transferred 55,019

equity shares to the credit of the

demat account of the IEPF Authority.

As per the requirements of SEBI

notification no. SEBI/LAD-NRO/

GN/2016-17/008 dated 8th July

2016 the Company has formulated

a

Dividend

Distribution

Policy

which has been duly approved by

the Board of Directors. A copy of

the Dividend Distribution Policy

is available on the Company’s

website: www.lmwglobal.com.

The Company’s Gross

Turnover is at

J 3,01,676.48 Lakhs

during the year

compared to

J 1,63,888.58 Lakhs in

the previous year

STATE OF AFFAIRS

OPERATIONS

A detailed overview of the global and Indian economy

has been provided in the Management, Discussion

and Analysis Report. Also, the state of affairs of each

division during the year under review has been provided

in detail within the same report.

Overall, the Company’s gross turnover increased

by 84.07% from H 1,63,888.58 Lakhs in 2020-21 to

H 3,01,676.48 Lakhs in 2021-22; the Profit before

exceptional items and Tax stood at H 25,411.63 Lakhs in

FY 2021-22 as against H 9,631.11 Lakhs in 2020-21.

The Net Profit after Tax for financial year 2021 - 22 was

H 17,967.61 Lakhs as against H4,746.01 Lakhs for the

financial year 2020-21.

FOUNDRY DIVISION (FDY)

The Foundry Division reported a turnover of H 7,769.05

Lakhs in 2021-22 as against H 5,148.68 Lakhs registered

in 2020-21, an increase of 50.89%. Exports accounted

for 16.92% of the division’s turnover.

TEXTILE MACHINERY DIVISION (TMD)

During the year under review, the Textile Machinery

Division had a turnover of H 2,20,898.96 Lakhs as against

H 1,12,759.20 Lakhs registered in 2020-21, an increase

of 95.90% over the previous year.

MACHINE TOOL DIVISION (MTD)

The Machine Tool Division reported a turnover of

H 69,092.17 Lakhs in Financial Year 2021-22 as against

H 44,434.06 Lakhs registered in 2020-21, an increase of

55.49 % over the previous year.

ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY CENTRE (ATC)

Advanced Technology Centre had a turnover of

H 3,916.30 Lakhs during the current financial year as

against H 1,546.64 Lakhs achieved in 2020-21. Other

income during the period under review was H 913.08

Lakhs as against H 1,341.41 Lakhs in the previous year.

RENEWABLE ENERGY DIVISION

The Company has a policy of tapping renewable

resources for power generation. The Company has the

necessary infrastructure in place to generate wind and

solar power. This helps the Company to meet its energy

requirements mainly from sustainable sources.

As on 31st March 2022 the Company had 28 Wind

Energy Generators (WEG) with a total power generation

capacity of 36.80 MW. Cumulatively, windmills have

generated 708 Lakhs units of power during 2021-22.

The Company also has a 10 MW of Solar Power

Generating facility. As on 31st March 2022 this facility

has generated 209 Lakhs units of power.

About 86% of energy demand of the Company has been

met through renewable energy and thereby has helped

the Company to reduce its power cost.

EXPORTS

The export turnover of the Company during the year

under review is as follows:

(H in Lakhs)

Particulars

FY 2021-22

FY 2020-21

Textile Machinery

57,731.25

28,483.91

CNC Machine Tools

843.36

28.48

Castings

1,314.34

1,459.49

Aerospace Parts

3,525.19

837.70

Total Exports

63,414.14

30,809.58

Export of Textile Machinery as stated above includes

exports worth H 11,949.23 Lakhs made to its wholly

owned subsidiary company, LMW Textile Machinery

(Suzhou) Co. Ltd., China. Amongst other countries, the

Company’s products are primarily exported to countries

like Bangladesh, Turkey, Nepal, Indonesia and Vietnam.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

The Research and Development efforts of the Company

are focused on:

1.

Developing

eco-friendly,

sustainable,

energy

efficient, low carbon footprint technology.

2.

Developing

technology

for

production

of

innovative machinery.

3.

Developing end-products at optimal cost.

Separate Research and Development units have been

established for the development of Textile Machinery

and CNC Machine Tools. Both these facilities have

been recognized by the Department of Science and

Technology, Government of India as in-house R &

D facilities.

During the year under review, the Company has filed

applications for 9 new patents in India. Further 44 patent

applications were filed in overseas countries for which

applications were already filed by the Company in India.

AWARDS

During the year 2021-22 the Company has bagged the

following Awards:

•

TMMA - Segment Export Award under the category

Textile Machinery Sector during 2020-21

•

Best Metal Cutting Brand Award 2021 from The

Economic Times:

letter from Stock Exchanges has filed an application

with the Honourable National Company Law Tribunal,

Chennai Bench, seeking their directions. The matter is

now pending before the Honourable National Company

Law Tribunal, Chennai Bench.

13. Conservation of Energy, Technology Absorption & Foreign Exchange

The disclosure under Rule 8(3) of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 are as under:

STATEMENT FOR CONSERVATION OF ENERGY

Sl.

No.

Particulars

Related Disclosures

(A)

Conservation of Energy

(i)

the steps taken or impact on conservation of

energy; sources of energy;

Company has invested in energy conservation devices to save power as

detailed in point (iii) below.

(ii)

the steps taken by the Company for utilizing

alternate sources of energy

Company has installed windmills with a capacity of 36.80 MW. The Company

also has a photo-voltaic solar power generating facility with an installed

capacity of 10 MW. The Company uses electricity generated from renewable

sources for captive power consumption.

(iii)

the

capital

investment

on

energy

conservation equipment

An amount of H 55 Lakhs has been invested during 2021-22 for replacing

mercury vapour/fluorescent lamps with 120/100 watt LED lighting and

H 30 Lakhs has been invested in replacing the Foundry furnace transformer

with a view to improve the power quality.

Further, street lights were replaced with LED type and Fossil fuels were

eliminated with Electrical energy in the processes.

TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION, ADAPTATION AND INNOVATION

(B1) Technology Absorption – Foundry Division

(i)

Efforts made towards technology absorption;

Technical

guest

lectures

in

various

subjects

and,

specializations/skill building exercises, in-depth IPR analysis

and review, theoretical simulation.

(ii)

Benefits derived like product improvement, cost

reduction, product development or import substitution;

1.

Dip / Flood coating for cores instead of manual spray

coating to reduce cycle time.

2.

Pre drying of molds to reduce lead time.

3.

IRIS (Intelligent Radiofrequency Identification System)

controlled Sand Filling in FLL molding to deskill the

operation.

4.

Sponge iron used in place of sorel pig iron to reduce cost

5.

Plasma cutting technology introduced for de-gating for

controlling of Oxygen.

(B3) Technology Absorption – Machine Tool Division

(i)

Efforts made towards technology absorption;

Technical

guest

lectures

in

various

subjects

and,

specializations/skill building exercises, in-depth IPR analysis

and review, theoretical simulation.

ii)

Benefits derived like product improvement, cost

reduction, product development or import substitution;

Product improvement:

Rigidity improvement in Turning Centre. Development /

upgrade in product range to bridge product gap and to address

customer requirements.

New Products under development:

New products are being developed in the product verticals/

variants such as CNC Turning Centre, Horizontal Machining

Centre and Vertical Machining Centre.

(iii)

In case of imported technology (imported during the last

three years reckoned from the beginning of the financial

year):

a.

the details of technology imported;

b.

the year of import;

c.

whether the technology has been fully absorbed;

d.

if not fully absorbed, areas where absorption has

not taken place, and the reason thereof;

Nil

(iv)

Expenditure incurred on Research and Development

Capital Expenditure:

Nil

Revenue Expenditure:

H 398.83 Lakhs

Total:

H 398.83 Lakhs

(B4) Technology Absorption – Advanced Technology Centre

(i)

Efforts made towards technology absorption;

1.

Technical guest lectures on various subjects and

specializations / skill building exercises.

2.

Engaging with new start-ups for the development of

Drones, launch vehicles and electric vertical take-off and

landing (“eVTOL”) has enabled understanding of emerging

technologies.

Contd..

(iii)

In case of imported technology (imported during the last

three years reckoned from the beginning of the financial

year):

a.

the details of technology imported;

b.

the year of import;

c.

whether the technology has been fully absorbed;

d.

if not fully absorbed, areas where absorption has

not taken place, and the reason thereof;

Nil

(iv)

Expenditure incurred on Research and Development

Nil

(B2) Technology Absorption – Textile Machinery Division

(i)

Efforts made towards technology absorption;

Technical guest lectures in various subjects and,

specializations / skill building exercises, in-depth IPR

analysis and review, theoretical simulation.

(ii)

Benefits derived like product improvement, cost reduction,

product development or import substitution;

Development of machinery with innovative features resulting

in improved performance, cost effectiveness, localization of

content and user friendliness to the end user.

(iii)

In case of imported technology (imported during the last three

years reckoned from the beginning of the financial year):

a.

the details of technology imported;

b.

the year of import;

c.

whether the technology has been fully absorbed;

d.

if not fully absorbed, areas where absorption has not

taken place, and the reasons thereof;

Nil

(iv)

Expenditure incurred on Research and Development

Capital Expenditure:

Nil

Revenue Expenditure: H 1,805.97 Lakhs

Total:

H 1,805.97 Lakhs:

Managing Director

124.94

Sri S Pathy

Non-Executive - Non-Independent

1.29

Sri Aditya Himatsingka

Non-Executive – Independent

1.29

Dr Mukund Govind Rajan

Non-Executive – Independent

1.29

Sri T C Suseel Kumar¹

Non-Executive - Non-Independent, Nominee of LIC

1.29

Justice (Smt) Chitra Venkataraman (Retd)

Non-Executive – Woman - Independent

1.29

Sri Arun Alagappan

Non-Executive – Independent

1.29

Sri K Soundhar Rajhan

Executive- Non-Independent

23.54

Note: Sitting fees paid to the Directors is not considered as remuneration.

¹ Sitting fees amount is paid to Sri T C Suseel Kumar and the Commission amount is paid to Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC)

based on communication received from LIC.

b.

The percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Financial Officer and the Company Secretary

in the financial year:

Director²

Category of Directorship

% increase

Sri Sanjay Jayavarthanavelu

Executive - Chairman and: Managing Director

93.04

Sri S Pathy

Non-Executive - Non-Independent

33.33

Sri Aditya Himatsingka

Non-Executive – Independent

33.33

Dr Mukund Govind Rajan

Non-Executive – Independent

33.33

Sri T C Suseel Kumar¹

Non-Executive - Non-Independent, Nominee of LIC

33.33

Justice (Smt) Chitra Venkataraman (Retd)

Non-Executive - Women Independent

33.33

Sri Arun Alagappan

Non-Executive – Independent

33.33

Sri K Soundhar Rajhan

Executive Non-Independent

42.71

Key Managerial Personnel²

Designation

Sri V Senthil

Chief Financial Officer

74.13

Sri C R Shivkumaran

Company Secretary

91.98

¹ Sitting fees amount is paid to Sri T C Suseel Kumar and the Commission amount is paid to Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC)

based on communication received from LIC.

² Except for Non-Executive Directors remuneration, remuneration paid to key managerial personnel for FY 20-21 was subject to

pandemic related adjustment in pay and hence may not be compareable with FY 21-22 figures.

Note: For this purpose, Sitting Fees paid to the Directors is not considered as remuneration. The remuneration details are for the year

2021-22 (Previous Year: 2020-21).

c.

The Percentage increase in the median remuneration of employees in the financial year: 21.37%

d.

The number of permanent employees on the rolls of Company: 3,143

e.

Average percentile increase in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel in the last

financial year is 31%. Average percentile increase in the managerial remuneration is 83% on account of

increase in profit linked remuneration.

f.

Affirmation that the remuneration is as per the remuneration policy of the Company: Yes

g.

Particulars of Employees as per [Rule 5(2) and Rule 5(3) of Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of

Managerial Personnel Rules), 2014]:

Particulars of Employees whose salary is not less than Rupees One Crore and Two Lakhs:

Table 11, 2 & 3

Name

(Age in Years)

Designation

Gross Remu-

neration paid

(in H )

Qualification

Date of Commence-

ment of employment

(experience in years)

Previous

Employment

Sri Sanjay Jayavarthanavelu

(53 Years)

Managing Director

(DIN: 00004505)

Place : Coimbatore

Date : 11th May 2022

Annexure 1

FORM NO. MR-3

Secretarial Audit Report

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31st March 2022

[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No.9 of the Companies (Appointment and

Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 and Regulation 24A of SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015]

To

The Members,

LAKSHMI MACHINE WORKS LIMITED

(CIN: L29269TZ1962PLC000463)

SRK Vidyalaya Post,

Perianaickenpalayam,

Coimbatore – 641 020

I have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good

corporate practices by M/s. LAKSHMI MACHINE WORKS LIMITED (hereinafter called the Company). Secretarial

Audit was conducted in a manner that provided me a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/

statutory compliances and expressing my opinion thereon.

Based on my verification of M/s. LAKSHMI MACHINE WORKS LIMITED’s books, papers, minute books, forms and

returns filed and other records maintained by the Company and also the information provided by the Company, its

officers, agents and authorized representatives during the conduct of secretarial audit, I hereby report that in my

opinion, the Company has, during the audit period covering the financial year ended 31st March 2022 complied with

the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board-processes and compliance

mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter.

I have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed, and other records maintained by the

Company for the financial year ended on 31st March 2022 according to the provisions of:

i.

The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the rules made thereunder;

ii.

The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) and the rules made thereunder;

iii.

The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and bye-laws framed thereunder;

iv.

Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations made there under to the extent of

Foreign Direct Investment and Overseas Direct Investment;

v.

The following Regulations prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (‘SEBI Act’): -

a.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015;

b.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers)

Regulations, 2011;

c.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;

d.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations,

1993, regarding the Companies Act and dealing with client; and

e.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 2018.

I have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the following:

a.

Secretarial Standards with respect to Board Meetings (SS-1) and General Meetings (SS-2) issued by The

Institute of Company Secretaries of India (ICSI);

b.

The Listing Agreement entered into by the Company with BSE Limited and the National Stock Exchange of

India Limited.:

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of

this report.:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of Secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the company. My responsibility is

to express an opinion on these secretarial records based on my audit.

2.

I have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that

correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. I believe that the processes and practices I followed provide a

reasonable basis for my opinion.

3.

I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of

the Company.

4.

Wherever required, I have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules, and

regulations and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of corporate and other applicable laws, rules and regulation, standards

is the responsibility of the management. My examination was limited to the verification of procedures on

random test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy

or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the company.

M D SELVARAJ

MDS & Associates

Company Secretaries

FCS No.: 960; C P No.: 411

Place : Coimbatore

UDIN: F000960D000285750

Date : 11th May 2022

Peer Review No. 985/2020

Annexure 2

Form AOC-2

[Pursuant to Clause (h) of Sub-Section (3) of Section 134 of the Act and Rule 8(2)

of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014]

Form for disclosure of particulars of contracts/arrangements entered into by the Company with related parties

referred to in sub-section (1) of Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 including certain arms’ length transactions

under third proviso thereto

1. Details of contracts or arrangements or transactions not at arm’s length basis:

Nil

2. Details of material contracts or arrangement or transactions at arm’s length basis:

(a) Name(s) of the related party and nature of

relationship:

Lakshmi Electrical Control Systems Limited

A public Company in which Sri Sanjay

Jayavarthanavelu, Chairman &: Managing Director is a

Director and holds along with his relatives, more than

2% of its paid-up share capital.

(b) Nature of contracts/arrangements/transactions:

Sale / purchase of goods and availing/ rendering

of services.

(c) Duration of the contracts / arrangements/

transactions:

For the period from 1st January 2022 to 31st March 2022.

(d) Salient terms of the contracts or arrangements or

transactions including the value, if any:

The related party transactions (RPTs) entered during

the period were in the ordinary course of business and

at arm’s length basis.

Value of transaction: H 225 Crores.

(e) Date(s) of approval by the Board, if any:

11th May 2022

(f) Amount paid as advances, if any:

Nil

The above-mentioned transaction was entered into by the Company in its ordinary course of business. The materiality

threshold is as prescribed under the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

By order of the Board

Sanjay Jayavarthanavelu

Managing Director

Place : Coimbatore

Chairman - CSR Committee

Date : 11th May 2022

(DIN: 00004505)

Annexure 4

Auditors’ Certificate on Compliance of Conditions of

Corporate Governance as per SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015

TO THE MEMBERS OF LAKSHMI MACHINE WORKS LIMITED

We have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by Lakshmi Machine Works Limited,

for the year ended on 31st March 2022, as specified in the relevant provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the Management. Our examination

was limited to procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring the compliance of the

conditions of Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial statements

of the Company.

In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, we certify that the

Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the above-mentioned SEBI

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

On the basis of representation received from the Registrar and Share Transfer Agents of the Company and on the

basis of the records maintained by the Stakeholders Relationship Committee of the Company, we state that no

investor grievance is pending for a period exceeding one month.

We further state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the

efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For S. Krishnamoorthy & Co

Chartered Accountants

Firm Registration No.001496S

B. Krishnamoorthi

Partner

Place : Coimbatore

Membership No. 020439

Date : 11th May 2022

UDIN: 22020439AITKNR1176:

Managing Director

(b) Details of the BR head:

1. DIN Number:

Not Applicable

2. Name:

Sri V. Senthil

3. Designation:

Chief Financial Officer

4. Telephone No:

+91 422 719 2205

5. Email ID:

senthil@lmw.co.in

2.

Principle-wise (as per NVGs) BR Policy/Policies

The National Voluntary Guidelines on Social, Environmental and Economic Responsibilities of Business (NVGs)

released by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs has adopted nine areas of Business Responsibility.

These briefly are as under:

P1

Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with Ethics, Transparency and Accountability.

P2

Businesses should provide goods and services that are safe and contribute to sustainability throughout their life cycle.

P3

Businesses should promote the well-being of all employees.

P4

Businesses should respect the interests of, and be responsive towards all stakeholders, especially those who are

disadvantaged, vulnerable and marginalized.

P5

Businesses should respect and promote human rights.

P6

Businesses should respect, protect and make efforts to restore the environment.

P7

Businesses, when engaged in influencing public and regulatory policy, should do so in a responsible manner.

P8

Businesses should support inclusive growth and equitable development.

P9

Businesses should engage with and provide value to their customers and consumers in a responsible manner.:

Managing Director

(DIN: 00004505)

Place : Coimbatore

Date : 11th May 2022

CORPORATE

GOVERNANCE REPORT

In compliance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015

1. PHILOSOPHY ON CODE OF GOVERNANCE:

Lakshmi Machine Works Limited (“LMW”/ ”Company”)

corporate vision is to ensure a sustainable business that

delights the customer, thrives to maintain the market

leadership and at the same time enhances value for every

stakeholder. To achieve this, systematic and planned

efforts are undertaken by the Company considering

the organization’s core values and business ethics.

LMW consistently partners with its customers to deliver

quality products/services on time and at reasonable

prices. LMW believes in ethical conduct of business and

maintains transparency and accountability in its activities

as well as ensures compliance with all applicable laws.

LMW is also aware of the fact that its ability to meet

significant corporate goals is influenced by the extent

to which prudent corporate governance policies are

devised and adhered to within the organization. LMW

consistently emphasizes its commitment towards

creation, monitoring and continuous upgradation of a

strong corporate governance policy and practice that

will define and drive the organization’s performance

as per its cherished values and commitment to each

stakeholder.

2. BOARD OF DIRECTORS:

The Board provides leadership, strategic guidance,

and objective judgment in the conduct of affairs of the

Company. The Board upholds the vision, purpose,

and values of the Company. The Board consists of

experienced specialists who are experts in their

respective business/profession and have decades of

experience to their credit. As a Board, the Directors are

committed to ethical and lawful conduct of business and

possess the ability to steer the affairs of the Company

in the right direction. The Board places emphasis on

highest standards of governance practice which allows

the Company to carry on its business in the long-term

interest of all stakeholders.

To ensure effective participation of all Directors, as

a matter of practice, an annual calendar for Board,

Committees of the Board and General Meeting(s) of the

Company are determined and intimated to the Directors

well in advance. The Company ensures that timely and

relevant information is made available to all Directors

in advance, to facilitate their effective participation and

contribution during meetings and deliberations.

The Board determines strategic policies, approves

annual plans & budgets, capital expenditure, new

projects, investment plans, conducts performance

review, ensures statutory compliance, and risk

management, etc., periodically. A minimum of four

meetings of the Board of Directors is held each year,

one meeting is held in each quarter and it is ensured

that the gap between two meetings does not exceed

120 days. Various Committees of the Board also meet

as per the statutory requirements. Also, as per statutory

requirement the Independent Directors meet separately

atleast once in a year.

a)

Details of composition of the Board, category

of Directorship, attendance at the Meetings of

the Company along with information on other

Directorship details of the Directors on the Board

of the Company as on 31st March 2022:

Board of Directors is constituted in such a way

that it strictly conforms with the provisions of

the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI (Listing

Obligations

and

Disclosure

Requirements)

Regulations, 2015. The composition of the Board

ensures a judicious mix of Executive and Non-

Executive Directors as well as the combination of

Independent and Non-Independent Directors.

As on 31st March 2022, the Board consists of

eight Directors, of whom one is the Chairman

and: Managing

Managing Director

Promoter -

Executive and non

- Independent

4

Yes

11

1

1

The Lakshmi Mills

Company Limited

Promoter Group Member, non-Executive

and non-Independent Director

Carborundum Universal

Limited

Non-Executive and Independent Director

Lakshmi Electrical Control

Systems Limited

Non-Executive and non-Independent

Director

Super Sales India Limited

Promoter, Chairman, non-Executive and

non-Independent Director

Sri S Pathy,

00013899,

Director

Promoter Group

Member - non-

Executive and non

- Independent

4

Yes

9

0

1

The Lakshmi Mills

Company Limited

Promoter, Chairman and Managing

Director (Executive)

Lakshmi Automatic Loom

Works Limited

Promoter, Chairman, non-Executive and

non-Independent Director

Sri Aditya Himatsingka,

00138970, Director

Non-Executive

and Independent

3

No

0

1

2

Nil

Nil

Dr Mukund Govind Rajan,

00141258, Director

Non-Executive

and Independent

4

Yes

4

1

1

Nil

Nil

Justice Smt Chitra

Venkataraman (Retd.),

07044099, Director

Non-Executive,

Independent

(Woman)

4

Yes

2

0

5

The Ramco Cements

Limited

Non-Executive and Independent Director

Ramco Industries Limited

Non-Executive and Independent Director

Sri T C Suseel Kumar,

06453310,

Nominee Director of LIC

Non-Executive

and non-

Independent

4

Yes

3

1

4

BSE Limited

Shareholder Director

Axis Bank Limited

Nominee Director

PCBL Limited

Independent Director

Sri Arun Alagappan,

00291361,

Director

Non-Executive

and Independent

4

Yes

7

0

1

Coromandel International

Limited

Promoter / Promoter Group Member,

Vice Chairman and Whole-time Director

(Executive)

Sri K Soundhar Rajhan,

07594186,

Director Operations

Executive and

Non-Independent

4

Yes

2

0

0

Nil

Nil

The details of the attendance of each Director at Board Meetings, last Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) and their directorship in other Indian Companies and

membership in the Committees thereof, details of Listed Company(ies) in which the Director holds Directorship, are as under:

¹

Board Meetings were held on 24th May 2021, 21st July 2021, 27th October 2021 and 04th February 2022. Annual General Meeting was held

on 21st July 2021.

².

Number of Chairmanship / Membership in Committees (Audit Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee) of all the

Directors are within the limits specified in Regulation 26 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

The numbers contained in the column titled ‘Membership in Committees’ denotes only the Chairmanship/ Membership of the Directors

in Audit Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committees across all public limited companies including Lakshmi Machine Works

Limited, in which they hold Board position. A Director who is a Chairperson of a Committee is also additionally counted as a Member in

the said Committee.

b.

Number and dates of Board Meetings

Four Meetings of the Board of Directors were held during the Financial Year 2021-22 and the meetings were

held on 24th May 2021, 21st July 2021, 27th October 2021 and 04th February 2022.

Independent Directors had met separately on 24th May 2021 and on 04th February 2022 in which all the

Independent Directors were present.

c.

Directors’ inter-se relationship

As on 31st March 2022, none of the Directors are related to each other.

d.

Number of shares and convertible instruments held by the non-Executive Directors

Sl

No

Name of the Director

Number of equity shares held

as on 31st March 2022

1.

Sri S Pathy

1,721

2.

Dr Mukund Govind Rajan

-

3.

Sri Aditya Himatsingka

-

4.

Sri T C Suseel Kumar

-

5.

Justice Smt Chitra Venkataraman (Retd.)

-

6.

Sri Arun Alagappan

-

The Company has not issued any convertible instruments.

e.

Familiarization Program for Independent Directors

To familiarize all aspects of the business of the Company, suitable presentations were made to the Directors

and factory visits were also arranged. The details of Familiarization Program so conducted for the Directors is

available on the Company’s website www.lmwglobal.com.

f.

Key Board qualifications, expertise, and attributes

The Board of Directors comprise of qualified members who bring with them the required skills, competence

and expertise that allows them to effectively participate and assist the Management in the strategic decision-

making process.

The list of core skills / expertise / competency as identified by the Board of Directors as required in the context

of the Company’s business(es) and from that list, the skills that are available with the Board are as follows:

Leadership

Leadership / Directorship experience resulting in effective participation in or spearheading various

initiatives taken up by the Company. Ability to envision, develop talent, long-term planning and to

champion & drive necessary changes.

Board

Service,

Legal and

Governance

Has experience in managing Board Services and Governance resulting in better understanding

of the governance process undertaken by the organization and helps to protect the stakeholders’

interest at large. Has experience in Legal processes and is adept at interpreting laws / regulations

applicable to the Company to enhance the Governance and protect its interest.

Business

Strategy

Experience at developing business strategies that result in identifying divestiture and acquisition

or alliance opportunities to strengthen the Company’s portfolio and capabilities, analyze viability

of a project with the business strategy and contribute towards growth of the organization (organic

and inorganic).

Technology

&

Innovation

Ability to develop long term plans to sustain and support the business, anticipating future business

models / changes in an innovative way. Experience in understanding technology, its purpose and

its suitability for the Company.:

Managing Director (DIN: 00004505)

to be in tandem with the performance of the Company which has been impacted due to the ongoing

COVID-19 pandemic, within the limits as already approved by the Shareholders.

Approval to authorize the Board of Directors for modification of remuneration payable to Sri K Soundhar

Rajhan (DIN: 07594186), Whole-time Director (Designated as Director-Operations) to be in tandem with

performance of the Company which has been impacted due to the ongoing COVID – 19 pandemic induced

economic / business slowdown, within the limits as already approved by the Shareholders.

21st July 2021

Re-appointment of Sri Sanjay Jayavarthanavelu (DIN:00004505) as: Managing

Managing Director

(DIN: 00004505)

Place : Coimbatore

Date : 11th May 2022:

Managing Director)

00004505

24/02/1993

2

Sri S Pathy

00013899

21/03/1973

3

Sri Aditya Himatsingka

00138970

25/10/2010

4

Dr Mukund Govind Rajan

00141258

25/10/2010

5

Sri Arun Alagappan

00291361

26/10/2016

6

Justice (Smt) Chitra Venkataraman (Retd.,)

07044099

02/02/2015

7

Sri K Soundhar Rajhan

(Whole-time Director designated as Director – Operations)

07594186

01/11/2017

8

Sri T C Suseel Kumar (Nominee Director of LIC)

06453310

27/01/2021

Ensuring the eligibility for the appointment / continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the

management of the Company. My responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on my verification. This

certificate is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness

with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

M D SELVARAJ

MDS & Associates

Company Secretaries

FCS No.: 960; C P No.: 411

UDIN: F000960D000285937

Peer Review No. 985/2020

Place: Coimbatore

Date: 11th May 2022

CEO & CFO Certificate

The Board of Directors

Lakshmi Machine Works Limited

Coimbatore

11th May 2022

Annual Confirmation pursuant to Regulation 17(8) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015

As required by Regulation 17(8) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we

hereby certify that:

a)

We have reviewed the Financial Statements and the Cash Flow Statement of the Company for the year ended

31st March 2022 and that to the best of our knowledge and belief:

i)

these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain

statements that might be misleading;

ii)

these statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with

existing accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.

b)

There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the year

which are fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company’s Code of Conduct.

c)

We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that we

have evaluated the effectiveness of internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting

and we have disclosed to the Auditors and the Audit Committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of such

internal controls, if any, of which we are aware and the steps we have taken or propose to take to rectify these

deficiencies.

d)

We have indicated to the Auditors and the Audit Committee of:

i)

significant changes if any, in internal control over financial reporting during the year;

ii)

significant changes if any, in accounting policies during the year and that the same have been disclosed in

the notes to the financial statements; and

ii)

that there were no instances of fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein, if any,

of the Management or an employee having a significant role in the Company’s internal control system over

financial reporting.

V Senthil

Sanjay Jayavarthanavelu

Chief Financial Officer (CFO)

Chairman and: Managing Director (CEO)

(DIN: 00004505)

Chief Executive Officer’s Declaration on

Code of Conduct

I hereby declare that pursuant to Schedule V (Part D) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015, the Board of Directors of the Company have adopted a Code of Conduct for the Board Members

and Senior Management of the Company and the same has also been posted in the Company’s website and that all

the Board Members and Senior Management personnel to whom this Code of Conduct is applicable have affirmed

compliance with the said Code of Conduct during the year 2021-22.

Sanjay Jayavarthanavelu

Managing Director

Director Operations

DIN: 00004505

DIN: 07594186

V. Senthil

C R Shivkumaran

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Statement of Profit & Loss

For the Year ended March 31, 2022

(All amount in B Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

Particulars

Note

No.

Year Ended

March 31, 2022

Year Ended

March 31, 2021

INCOME

Revenue from operations

21

3,07,159.36

1,68,965.03

Other income

22

8,101.25

7,920.11

Total income

3,15,260.61

1,76,885.14

EXPENSES

Cost of materials consumed

23

2,01,441.86

1,04,120.85

Purchase of stock-in-trade

-

-

Changes in inventories of finished goods,

stock-in-trade and work-in-progress

24

(5,097.93)

(477.14)

Employee benefit expense

25

30,333.37

22,983.65

Depreciation and amortisation expense

26

5,581.90

5,155.89

Impairment loss on financial assets

27

78.26

(339.99)

Other expenses

28

57,502.98

35,802.67

Finance costs

29

8.54

8.10

Total Expenses

2,89,848.98

1,67,254.03

Profit before exceptional items and tax

25,411.63

9,631.11

Exceptional items

Voluntary retirement scheme payments

31.5

1,716.98

2,211.54

Profit before tax after exceptional items

23,694.65

7,419.57

Tax expense

30

Current tax

30.1

5,822.43

1,650.23

Deferred tax

30.1

(95.39)

933.60

Prior year taxes

30.1

-

89.73

Total Tax Expense

5,727.04

2,673.56

Profit after tax from continuing operations for the year

17,967.61

4,746.01

Other comprehensive income

Items that will not be reclassified to Profit and loss

Changes in Fair value of FVTOCI equity instruments

(Fair value through Other Comprehensive Income)

4,243.49

8,467.19

Remeasurement of post-employment defined benefit plans

(861.68)

306.08

Income-tax relating to these items

215.42

(56.62)

Items that will be reclassified to Profit and loss

-

-

Total Other Comprehensive income

3,597.23

8,716.65

Total Comprehensive income for the year

21,564.84

13,462.66

Basic Earnings per share [In H.][Face value H10/- per share]

168.19

44.43

Diluted Earnings per share [In H.][Face value H10/- per share]

168.19

44.43

See accompanying notes to financial statements

31

In terms of our report attached

For S. Krishnamoorthy & Co

Firm Registration No. 001496S

Chartered Accountants

B. Krishnamoorthi

Partner

Membership No. 020439

Place : Coimbatore

Date : 11th May, 2022

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Sanjay Jayavarthanavelu

K. Soundhar Rajhan

Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director

Director Operations

DIN: 00004505

DIN: 07594186

In terms of our report attached

For S. Krishnamoorthy & Co

Firm Registration No. 001496S; Chartered Accountants

B. Krishnamoorthi, Partner; Membership No. 020439

Place : Coimbatore

Date : 11th May, 2022

V. Senthil

C R Shivkumaran

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Cash Flow Statement

for the Year ended March 31, 2022

(All amount in B Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

Particulars

Year Ended

March 31, 2022

Year Ended

March 31, 2021

A. CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

Profit after exceptional items but before tax

23,694.65

7,419.57

(VRS Expenses of H1,716.98 Lakhs

(P.Y. H2,211.54 Lakhs)

Adjustments for :

Depreciation and amortisation expense

5,581.90

5,155.89

Finance costs

8.54

8.10

Profit on sale of assets

(99.37)

(608.57)

Loss on sale of assets

7.43

15.19

Interest income

(5,015.46)

(6,004.49)

Dividend income

(12.04)

(50.50)

Income from Mutual funds

(876.20)

(689.44)

Unrealised Loss / (Gain) on Foreign Currency Cash

and cash equivalents

0.33

(404.87)

(0.19)

(2,174.01)

Operating Profit before working capital changes

23,289.78

5,245.56

Adjustments for (increase) / decrease in operating

assets

Trade receivables

(13,756.37)

(6,562.11)

Inventories

(17,317.23)

(5,012.17)

Other financial assets-Non Current

(404.13)

349.07

Other financial assets- Current

(61.07)

382.58

Other Current assets

(4,940.15)

(1,692.54)

Adjustments for increase / (decrease) in operating

liabilities

Trade payables

13,504.51

9,287.84

Other non current liabilities

29,184.56

6,673.33

Current provisions

(32.65)

77.01

Other financial liabilities

1,099.85

2,446.10

Other current liabilities

23,819.06

31,096.38

8,222.92

14,172.03

Cash used in/ generated from operations

54,386.16

19,417.59

Taxes paid

(6,643.57)

(3,790.69)

Net Cash used in/generated from operations

[A]

47,742.59

15,626.90

B. CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES

Purchase of Fixed assets/Capital Work In Progress

(7,442.07)

(2,874.51)

Proceeds from sale of fixed assets

211.13

796.71

Interest received

4,277.62

7,671.77

Dividend received

12.04

50.50

Investment in Wholly Owned Subsidiarie(s)

(753.31)

-

Investment in Mutual funds / Debentures (net)

(11,145.31)

(5,824.11)

(Increase) / Decrease in Bank balances not

considered as cash and cash equivalent

(29,668.31)

(14,234.92)

Net cash used in investing activities

[B]

(44,508.21)

(14,414.56):

Managing Director

Director Operations

DIN: 00004505

DIN: 07594186

V. Senthil

C R Shivkumaran

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

STATEMENT OF SIGNIFICANT

ACCOUNTING POLICIES

1. Corporate Information

Lakshmi Machine Works Limited is a public

company domiciled in India and incorporated under

the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956. The

address of its registered office and principal place

of business are disclosed in the introduction to the

Annual report. Its shares are listed on two stock

exchanges in India, the National Stock Exchange

of India Limited [NSE] and the BSE Limited [BSE].

The company is engaged in the manufacturing and

selling of textile spinning machinery, CNC Machine

Tools, Heavy castings and parts and components

for Aero space industry. The company caters to

both domestic and international markets. The

financial statements are approved for issue by the

Company’s Board of Directors on May 11, 2022.

2. Significant Accounting Policies

2.1 Statement of compliance

The financial statements have been prepared in

accordance with IND AS notified under Sec. 133 of

the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies

(Indian Accounting Standard) Rules 2015 and other

relevant provisions of the Act.

2.2 Basis of preparation and presentation

These financial statements are prepared in

accordance with Indian Accounting Standards

(IndAS) under the historical cost convention on

the accrual basis except for certain financial

instruments which are measured at fair values,

the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013(`Act’)

(to the extent notified) and guidelines issued by

the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI).

The Ind AS are prescribed under Section 133 of

the Act read with Rule 3 of the Companies (Indian

Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 and Companies

(Indian

Accounting

Standards)

Amendment

Rules, 2016.

Historical cost is generally based on the fair value

of the consideration given in exchange for goods

and services.

Fair value is the price that would be received to

sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an

orderly transaction between market participants

at the measurement date, regardless of whether

that price is directly observable or estimated using

another valuation technique. In estimating the fair

value of an asset or liability, the company takes into

account the characteristics of the asset or liability

at the measurement date. In addition, for financial

reporting purposes, fair value measurements are

categorized into Level 1 (unadjusted quoted prices

in active markets for identical assets or liabilities

that the entity can access at the measurement date);

Level 2 (inputs other than quoted prices included

within Level 1, that are observable for the asset

or liability, either directly or indirectly; Level 3

(unobservable inputs for the asset or liability). Fair

value in respect of equity financial instruments are

the quoted prices of those instruments in the stock

exchanges at the measurement date.

2.3 Property, plant and equipment

Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost net

of historical Indirect Taxes, including appropriate

direct and allocated expenses less accumulated

depreciation and impairment losses, if any.

Increase/Decrease in rupee liability in respect of

foreign currency liability related to acquisition of

fixed assets is recognized as expense or income in

the Statement of Profit and Loss. Freehold land is

not depreciated.

Properties in the course of construction for

production, supply or administrative purposes are

carried at cost, less any recognized impairment

loss. Cost includes professional fees and, for

qualifying assets, borrowing costs capitalized in

accordance with the Company’s accounting policy.

Such properties are classified to the appropriate

categories of property, plant and equipment when

completed and ready for intended use. Depreciation

of these assets, on the same basis as other property

assets, commences when the assets are ready for

their intended use.

Property, plant and equipment represent a

significant proportion of the asset base of the

Company. The charge in respect of periodic

depreciation is derived after determining an

estimate of an asset’s expected useful life and

the expected residual value at the end of its life.

The useful lives and residual values of company’s

assets are determined by management at the time

the asset is acquired and reviewed periodically,

including at each financial year end with the

effect of any changes in estimate accounted for

on a prospective basis. The lives are based on

historical experience with similar assets as well:

Managing Director

Sri. K. Soundhar Rajhan, Director -Operations

Sri. V. Senthil, Chief Financial Officer

Sri. C R Shivkumaran, Company Secretary

Non Executive Directors

Sri. S Pathy, Non Executive - Non - Independent Director

Sri. Aditya Himatsingka, Non Executive - Independent Director

Dr. Mukund Govind Rajan, Non Executive - Independent Director

Justice (Smt.) Chitra Venkataraman (Retd.), Non Executive - Independent Director (Women)

Sri. Arun Alagappan , Non Executive - Independent Director

Sri. T C Suseel Kumar, Non Executive - Non - Independent Director (Nominee of LIC)

Wholly Owned Subsidiary

LMW Textile Machinery (Suzhou) Co. Ltd, China

LMW Aerospace Industries Limited, India

LMW Middle East FZE, UAE

Post employment benefit plans

Lakshmi Machine Works Limited Employees’ Gratuity Fund

OTHER RELATED PARTIES

Alampara Hotels and Resorts Private Limited, Chakradhara Aerospace and Cargo Private Limited, Chakradhara

Agro Farms Private Limited, Dhanajaya Agro Farms Private Limited, Dhanuprabha Agro Private Limited, Eshaan

Enterprises Private Limited, Harshni Textiles Private Limited, Hermes Academy of Training Private Limited, Lakshmi

Caipo Industries Limited, Lakshmi Card Clothing Mfg Co. Private Ltd, Lakshmi Cargo Company Limited, Lakshmi

Electrical Control Systems Limited, Lakshmi Electrical Drives Private Limited, Lakshmi Energy and Environment

Designs Private Limited, Lakshmi Life Sciences Private Limited, Lakshmi Precision Technologies Limited, Lakshmi

Ring Travellers (CBE) Private Limited, LCC Cargo Holdings Limited, Lakshmi Technology and Engineering Industries

Limited, Mahalakshmi Engineering Holdings Private Limited, Petrus Techonologies Private Limited, Quattro

Engineering India Private Limited, Rajalakshmi Engineering, Revantha Agro Farms Private Limited, Revantha

Services Private Limited, Shri Kara Engineering Private Limited, Sowbarnika Enterprises Private Limited, Sri Dwipa

Properties Private Limited, Sri Kamakoti Kamakshi Enterprises Private Limited, Starline Travels Private Limited,

Sudhasruthi Agro Private Limited, Super Sales India Limited, Supreme Dairy Products India Private Limited, The

Lakshmi Mills Company Limited, Titan Paints & Chemicals Private Limited, Venkatavaradha Agencies Private

Limited, Waterfield Financial and Investment Advisors Private Limited.

Key Management personnel compensation

Particulars

Year Ended

March 31, 2022

Year Ended

March 31, 2021

Short term employee benefits

1,221.17

651.03

Post employment benefits

40.31

39.64

Total compensation

1,261.48

690.67

Note : Related party relationships are as identified by the Management

Related Party Transactions

Particulars

Other

Related Parties

Key Management

Personnel

Wholly Owned

Subsidiary

March 31,

2022

March 31,

2021

March 31,

2022

March 31,

2021

March 31,

2022

March 31,

2021

Purchase of goods

49,820.99

23,076.44

-

-

108.24

454.29

Sale of goods

4,602.78

1,842.79

-

-

11,949.23

4,189.99

Purchase of Fixed Assets

260.16

8.70

-

-

-

-

Sale of Fixed Assets

34.60

0.25

-

-

-

-

Rendering of Services

77.08

72.67

-

-

501.58

168.29

Receiving of Services

17,305.19

10,534.72

-

-

-

-

Agency arrangements

1,414.72

650.82

-

-

-

-

Contribution to Gratuity Fund

2,425.00

400.00

-

-

-

-

Managerial remuneration

-

1,261.48

690.67

-

-

Outstanding Payables

8,211.98

6,342.33

761.25

318.83

295.15

186.91

Outstanding Receivables

15.17

8.32

-

-

7,290.04

3,152.48

1

Purchase of Goods includes LMW Textile Machinery (Suzhou) Co. Ltd H108.24 Lakhs (Previous Year H454.29

Lakhs); Lakshmi Electrical Control Systems Limited H21,265.36 Lakhs (Previous Year H10,727.41 Lakhs);

Lakshmi Electrical Drives Private Limited H6,478.21 Lakhs (Previous Year H2,634.81 Lakhs); Lakshmi Life

Sciences Private Limited H9,465.13 Lakhs (Previous Year H4,709.25 Lakhs); Lakshmi Precision Technologies

Limited H5,327.76 Lakhs (Previous Year H2,219.98 Lakhs); Other related Parties-Associates H7,284.53 Lakhs

(Previous Year H2,784.99 Lakhs)

2

Sale of Goods includes LMW Textile Machinery (Suzhou) Co. Ltd H11,949.23 Lakhs (Previous Year H4,189.99

Lakhs); Lakshmi Electrical Control Systems Limited H1,084.62 Lakhs (Previous Year H723.84 Lakhs); Lakshmi

Life Sciences Private Limited H599.64 Lakhs (Previous Year H224.46 Lakhs); Lakshmi Precision Technologies

Limited H791.64 Lakhs (Previous year H46.70 Lakhs); Super Sales India Limited H1,637.61 Lakhs (Previous Year

H647.91 Lakhs) & Other related Parties - Associates H489.27 Lakhs (Previous Year H199.88 Lakhs)

3

Purchase of Fixed Assets includes Revantha Services Private Limited H260.16 Lakhs (Previous Year H8.70 Lakhs)

4

Sale of Fixed Assets includes Lakshmi Life Sciences Private Limited H28.60 Lakhs (Previous Year H0.25 Lakhs);

Super Sales India Ltd H6.00 Lakhs (Previous Year HNil)

5

Rendering of Services includes LMW Textile Machinery (Suzhou) Co. Ltd H501.58 Lakhs (Previous Year H168.29

Lakhs); Super Sales India Limited H34.99 Lakhs (Previous Year H31.53 Lakhs); Chakradhara Aerospace and

Cargo Private Ltd H19.87 Lakhs (Previous Year H27.11 Lakhs); Lakshmi Life Sciences Private Limited H16.18

Lakhs (Previous Year H5.26 Lakhs) & Others - Other Related Parties-Associates H6.04 Lakhs (Previous Year

H8.77 Lakhs)

6

Receiving of Services includes Chakradhara Aerospace and Cargo Private Ltd H12,419.13 Lakhs (Previous Year

H6,388.20 Lakhs, Revantha Services Private Ltd H1,914.07 Lakhs (Previous Year H2,041.48 Lakhs), Other Related

Parties-Associates H2,971.99 Lakhs (Previous Year H2,105.04 Lakhs)

7

Agency arrangement includes Super Sales India Limited H1,414.72 Lakhs (Previous Year H650.82 Lakhs):

Managing Director, Sri. Sanjay

Jayavarthanavelu H968.31 Lakhs (Previous Year H501.61 Lakhs); Sri. K. Soundhar Rajhan,Director Operations

H182.45 Lakhs (PY H127.85 Lakhs); Sri. V.Senthil, Chief Financial Officer H66.22 Lakhs (Previous Year H38.03

Lakhs); Sri. C R Shivkumaran, Company Secretary H44.50 Lakhs (Previous year H23.18 Lakhs)

10 Outstanding Payables include LMW Textile Machinery (Suzhou) Co. Ltd H295.15 Lakhs (Previous Year H186.91

Lakhs); Chakradhara Aerospace and Cargo Private Ltd H1,545.60 Lakhs (Previous Year H1,056.07 Lakhs);

Lakshmi Electrical Control Systems Limited H3,067.31 Lakhs (Previous H2,245.43 Lakhs); Lakshmi Electrical

Drives Private Limited H1,034.75 Lakhs (Previous Year H644.58 Lakhs); Super Sales India Limited H1,285.90 Lakhs

(Previous Year H1,069.61 Lakhs); Sri.Sanjay Jayavarthanavelu H761.25 Lakhs (Previous Year H318.83 Lakhs) &

Other Related parties-Associates H1,278.42 Lakhs (Previous Year H1,326.64 Lakhs)

11 Outstanding Receivables include LMW Textile Machinery (Suzhou) Co. Ltd H7,290.04 Lakhs (Previous Year

H3,152.48 Lakhs); Petrus Technologies Private Limited H15.17 Lakhs (Previous Year HNil); Starline Travels Private

Limited HNil (Previous Year H4.37 Lakhs); Lakshmi Card Clothing Mfg Co P Ltd H Nil (Previous Year H3.39 Lakhs)

& Others - Other Related Parties - Associates H Nil (Previous Year H0.56 Lakhs)

31.9 Employee defined benefit and contribution plans

I. Defined Benefit Plans

Particulars

Gratuity (Funded)

Leave Encashment (Funded)

March 31,

2022

March 31,

2021

March 31,

2022

March 31,

2021

A. Expense recognised in Income Statement

1. Current Service cost

449.26

382.51

191.76

181.47

2. Interest expense on DBO

557.96

601.86

68.94

68.52

3. Interest (Income on plan asset)

(600.95)

(554.91)

(87.85)

(82.48)

4. Net Interest

(42.99)

46.95

(18.91)

(13.95)

5. Immediate recognition of (gain) / losses

-

-

(57.84)

(48.78)

6. Defined Benefits cost included in P & L

406.27

429.46

115.01

118.74

B. Expense recognised in Comprehensive Income

1. Actuarial (gain)/Losses due to Demographic assumption

changes in DBO

-

-

-

-

2. Actuarial (gain)/Losses due to financial assumption

changes in DBO

(209.44)

(168.17)

(34.34)

(25.47)

3. Actuarial (gain)/Losses due to experience on DBO

991.51

(572.28)

(23.50)

(30.22)

4. Return on plan assets (Greater) / Less than Discount rate

79.61

434.37

-

6.91

5. Total actuarial (gain) / loss included in OCI

861.68

(306.08)

(57.84)

-

6. Cost recognised in P & L

406.27

429.46

115.01

118.74

7. Remeasurement effect recognised in OCI

861.68

(306.08)

-

-

8. Total defined benefit cost

1,267.95

123.38

115.01

118.74

C. Net asset/Liability recognised in the Balance Sheet

1. Present value of benefit obligation

9,450.08

8,034.32

1,093.00

1,049.19

2. Fair value of plan assets

9,975.16

7,450.51

1,323.44

1,235.59

3. Funded Status [Surplus / (deficit)]

525.08

(583.81)

230.44

186.40

4. Net Asset / (Liability) recognised in balance sheet

525.08

(583.81)

230.44

186.40

Particulars

Gratuity (Funded)

Leave Encashment (Funded)

March 31,

2022

March 31,

2021

March 31,

2022

March 31,

2021

D. Change in Present value of the Obligation during the year

1. Present value of the obligation at beginning of year

8,034.32

9,139.59

1,049.19

1,072.69

2. Current service cost

449.26

382.51

191.76

181.47

3. Interest cost

557.96

601.86

68.94

68.52

4. Benefits paid

(373.53)

(1,349.19)

(159.05)

(217.81)

5. Actuarial (gain) loss on obligation

782.07

(740.45)

(57.84)

(55.69)

6. Present value of obligation at end of the year

9,450.08

8,034.32

1,093.00

1,049.19

E. Reconciliation of opening & closing values of Plan Assets

1. Fair value of plan assets at the beginning of the year

7,450.51

8,279.17

1,235.59

1,160.03

2. Expected return on plan assets

600.95

554.91

87.85

82.48

3. Contributions made

2,376.84

400.00

-

-

4. Benefits paid

(373.53)

(1,349.19)

-

-

5. Actuarial gain / (loss) on plan assets

(79.61)

(434.38)

-

(6.91)

6. Fair value of plan assets at the end of the year

9,975.16

7,450.51

1,323.44

1,235.59

7. Actual return on plan assets

521.33

120.53

87.85

75.56

F. Amounts recognised in Other comprehensive Income

1. Opening unrecognised losses / (Gains)

840.57

1,146.64

-

-

2. Actuarial Loss / (Gains) on DBO

782.07

(740.45)

(57.84)

(55.69)

3. Actuarial Loss / (Gains) on assets

79.61

434.38

-

6.91

4. Amortisation Actuarial loss / (Gain)

-

-

(57.84)

(48.78)

5. Total recognised in Other comprehensive income

1,702.25

840.57

-

-

G. Major categories of plan assets as a percentage of total plan

1. Qualifying insurance policies

9,975.16

7,450.51

1,323.44

1,235.59

2. Own plan assets-Bank balances

41.33

2.37

-

-

10,016.49

7,452.88

1,323.44

1,235.59

H. Actuarial Assumptions

1. Discount rate

7.47%

7.11%

7.47%

7.11%

2. Salary escalation

8.50%

8.50%

8.50%

8.50%

3. Attrition rate

7.00%

7.00%

7.00%

7.00%

4. Expected rate of return on plan assets

7.11%

7.11%

7.11%

7.11%

5. Mortality rate

Indian Assured Lives Mortality (2006-08) Ultimate

The salary escalation considered in actuarial valuation, takes account of inflation, seniority, promotion and other

relevant factors such as supply and demand in the employment market.

Gratuity is applicable to all permanent and full time employees of the company.

Gratuity payment is based on last drawn basic salary and dearness allowance at the time of termination or retirement.

The Scheme takes into account each completed year of service or part thereof in excess of six months. The entire

contribution is borne by the company.

Leave encashment benefits are provided as per the rules of the Company. The liabilities on account of defined benefit

obligations are expected to be contributed within the next financial year.

The company expects to make a contribution of H400.00 Lakhs (as at March 31, 2022: H2,425 Lakhs) to the defined

benefit plans during the next financial year.:

Managing Director

Director Operations

DIN: 00004505

DIN: 07594186

In terms of our report attached

For S. Krishnamoorthy & Co

Firm Registration No. 001496S; Chartered Accountants

B. Krishnamoorthi, Partner; Membership No. 020439

Place : Coimbatore

Date : 11th May, 2022

V. Senthil

C R Shivkumaran

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors:

Managing Director

Director Operations

DIN: 00004505

DIN: 07594186

V. Senthil

C R Shivkumaran

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

In terms of our report attached

For S. Krishnamoorthy & Co

Firm Registration No. 001496S

Chartered Accountants

B. Krishnamoorthi

Partner

Membership No. 020439

Place : Coimbatore

Date : 11th May, 2022:

Managing Director

Director Operations

DIN: 00004505

DIN: 07594186

V. Senthil

C R Shivkumaran

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Consolidated Statement of Profit & Loss

For the Year ended March 31, 2022

(All amount in B Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

Particulars

Note

No.

Year Ended

March 31, 2022

Year Ended

March 31, 2021

INCOME

Revenue from operations

21

3,17,095.41

1,72,737.69

Other income

22

6,833.75

7,872.53

Total income

3,23,929.16

1,80,610.22

EXPENSES

Cost of materials consumed

23

2,05,793.84

1,05,751.20

Purchase of stock in trade

-

-

Changes in inventories of finished goods, stock-in-trade and work-in-

progress

24

(5,065.87)

(631.30)

Employee benefit expense

25

31,428.06

23,845.47

Depreciation and amortisation expense

26

5,972.45

5,562.78

Impairment loss on financial assets

27

78.26

(339.99)

Other expenses

28

60,164.87

37,069.09

Finance costs

29

8.54

8.10

Total expenses

2,98,380.15

1,71,265.35

Profit before exceptional items and tax Exceptional items

25,549.01

9,344.87

Voluntary retirement scheme payments

31.6

1,716.98

2,211.54

Profit before tax after exceptional items

23,832.03

7,133.33

Tax Expense

30

Current tax

30.1

5,822.43

1,650.23

Less : MAT Credit Entitlement

-

-

Deferred tax

30.1

(95.39)

933.60

Prior year taxes

30.1

-

89.73

Total tax expense

5,727.04

2,673.56

Profit after tax from continuing operations for the year

18,104.99

4,459.77

Other comprehensive income

Items that will not be reclassified to Profit and loss

Changes in Fair value of FVTOCI equity instruments

4,243.49

8,467.19

Remeasurement of post-employment defined benefit plans

(861.68)

306.08

Income-tax relating to these items

215.42

(56.62)

Items that will be reclassified to Profit and loss

-

-

Total Other Comprehensive income to owners of equity

3,597.23

8,716.65

Total Comprehensive income for the year to owners of equity

21,702.22

13,176.42

Basic Earnings per share [In C.][Face value C 10/- per share]

169.47

41.75

Diluted Earnings per share [In C .][Face value C 10/- per share]

169.47

41.75

See accompanying notes to financial statements

31

In terms of our report attached

For S. Krishnamoorthy & Co

Firm Registration No. 001496S

Chartered Accountants

B. Krishnamoorthi

Partner

Membership No. 020439

Place : Coimbatore

Date : 11th May, 2022

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Sanjay Jayavarthanavelu

K. Soundhar Rajhan

Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director

Director Operations

DIN: 00004505

DIN: 07594186

In terms of our report attached

For S. Krishnamoorthy & Co,

Firm Registration No. 001496S; Chartered Accountants

B. Krishnamoorthi, Partner; Membership No. 020439

Place : Coimbatore

Date : 11th May, 2022

V. Senthil

C R Shivkumaran

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Consolidated Cash Flow Statement

For the Year ended March 31, 2022

(All amount in B Lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

Particulars

Year ended

March 31, 2022

Year ended

March 31, 2021

A. Cash Flow From Operating Activities

Profit after exceptional items but before tax

23,832.03

7,133.33

(VRS Expenses of C1,716.98 Lakhs (P.Y.C2,211.54 Lakhs))

Adjustments for :

Depreciation and amortisation expense

5,972.45

5,562.78

Finance costs

8.54

8.10

Profit on sale of assets

(99.37)

(608.57)

Loss on sale of assets

7.57

15.19

Interest income

(5,025.37)

(6,023.42)

Dividend income

(12.04)

(50.50)

Income from Mutual funds

(876.20)

(689.44)

Unrealised Loss / (Gain) on Foreign Currency Cash and cash

equivalents

0.33

(24.09)

(0.19)

(1,786.05)

Operating Profit before working capital changes

23,807.94

5,347.28

Adjustments for (increase) / decrease in operating assets

Trade receivables

(14,422.99)

(7,073.63)

Inventories

(17,021.26)

(5,643.91)

Other financial assets-Non Current

(814.92)

349.07

Other financial assets- Current

(61.07)

382.58

Other Current assets

(4,676.07)

(2,007.56)

Adjustments for increase / (decrease) in operating liabilities

Trade payables

11,817.33

9,928.11

Other non current liabilities

29,184.56

6,673.33

Provisions

(32.65)

77.01

Other financial liabilities

3,253.06

1,931.10

Other current liabilities

23,734.42

30,960.41

9,626.10

14,242.20

Cash used in/ generated from operations

54,768.35

19,589.48

Taxes paid

(6,291.60)

(3,914.71)

Net Cash used in/generated from operations

[A]

48,476.75

15,674.77

B. Cash Flow From Investing Activities

Purchase of Fixed assets/Capital Work In Progress

(7,606.41)

(2,891.26)

Proceeds from sale of fixed assets

213.56

796.71

Interest received

4,287.53

7,690.70

Dividend received

12.04

50.50

Investments in Mutual Funds/ Debentures (net)

(11,145.31)

(5,824.11)

(Increase)/Decrease in Bank balances not considered as cash

and cash equivalent

(30,543.14)

(14,234.92)

Net cash used in investing activities

[B]

(44,781.73)

(14,412.38):

Managing Director

Director Operations

DIN: 00004505

DIN: 07594186

V. Senthil

C R Shivkumaran

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

STATEMENT OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

1. Corporate Information

Lakshmi Machine Works Limited is a public group

domiciled in India and incorporated under the provisions

of the Companies Act, 1956. The address of its registered

office and principal place of business are disclosed in

the Annual report. Its shares are listed on two stock

exchanges in India, the National Stock Exchange of India

Limited [NSE] and the BSE Limited [BSE]. The group

is engaged in the manufacturing and selling of textile

spinning machinery, CNC Machine Tools, Heavy castings

and parts and components for Aero space industry.

The group caters to both domestic and international

markets. The financial statements are approved for

issue by the group’s Board of Directors on 11th May, 2022

2. Significant Accounting Policies

2.1 Statement of compliance

The financial statements have been prepared in

accordance with IND AS notified under Sec. 133 of the

Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Indian

Accounting Standard) Rules 2015 and other relevant

provisions of the Act.

2.2 Basis of preparation and presentation

These financial statements are prepared in accordance

with Indian Accounting Standards (IndAS) under the

historical cost convention on the accrual basis except for

certain financial instruments which are measured at fair

values, the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013(Act)

(to the extent notified) and guidelines issued by the

Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI). The Ind

AS are prescribed under Section 133 of the Act read with

Rule 3 of the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards)

Rules, 2015 and Companies (Indian Accounting

Standards) Amendment Rules, 2016.

Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the

consideration given in exchange for goods and services.

Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an

asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction

between market participants at the measurement date,

regardless of whether that price is directly observable

or estimated using another valuation technique. In

estimating the fair value of an asset or liability, the

group takes into account the characteristics of the asset

or liability at the measurement date. In addition, for

financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements

are categorised into Level 1 (unadjusted quoted prices

in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that

the entity can access at the measurement date); Level

2 (inputs other than quoted prices included within

Level 1, that are observable for the asset or liability, either

directly or indirectly; Level 3 (unobservable inputs for the

asset or liability). Fair value in respect of equity financial

instruments are the quoted prices of those instruments

in the stock exchanges at the measurement date.

Basis of consolidation

The consolidated financial statements incorporate the

financial statements of the group and entities (including

structured entities) controlled by the group and its

subsidiaries. Control is achieved with the group :



Has power over the investee;



Is exposed ,or has rights , to variable returns from

its involvement with the investee; and



Has the ability to use its power to affect its returns

The group reassess whether or not it controls an investee

if facts and circumstances indicate that there are

changes to one or more of the three elements of control

listed above. When the group has less than a majority

of the voting rights of an investee, it has power over the

investee when the voting rights are sufficient to give it

the practical ability to direct the relevant activities of the

investee unilaterally. The group considers all relevant

facts and circumstances in assessing whether or not the

group’s voting rights in an investee are sufficient to give

it power, including:



The size of the group’s holding of voting rights

relative to the size and dispersion of holdings of the

other vote holders;



Potential voting rights held by the group, other vote

holders or other parties;



Rights

arising

from

other

contractual

arrangements; and



Any additional facts and circumstances that

indicate that the group has or does not have, the

current ability to direct the relevant activities at

the time that decisions need to be made, including

voting patterns at previous shareholder’s meetings.

Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the group

obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when

the group ceases to control the subsidiary .Specifically,

income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or

disposed off during the year are included in the

consolidated statement of profit and loss from the date

the group gains control until the date when the group

cease to control the subsidiary.:

Managing Director

Sri. K. Soundhar Rajhan, Director -Operations

Sri. V. Senthil, Chief Financial Officer

Sri. C R Shivkumaran, Company Secretary

Non Executive Directors

Sri. S Pathy, Non Executive - Non - Independent Director

Sri. Aditya Himatsingka, Non Executive - Independent Director

Dr. Mukund Govind Rajan, Non Executive - Independent Director

Justice (Smt.) Chitra Venkataraman (Retd.), Non Executive - Independent Director (Women)

Sri. Arun Alagappan, Non Executive - Independent Director

Sri. T C Suseel Kumar, Non Executive - Non - Independent Director (Nominee of LIC)

Post employment benefit plans

Lakshmi Machine Works Limited Employees' Gratuity Fund

OTHER RELATED PARTIES

Alampara Hotels and Resorts Private Limited, Chakradhara Aerospace and Cargo Private Limited, Chakradhara

Agro Farms Private Limited, Dhanajaya Agro Farms Private Limited, Dhanuprabha Agro Private Limited, Eshaan

Enterprises Private Limited, Harshni Textiles Private Limited, Hermes Academy of Training Private Limited, Lakshmi

Caipo Industries Limited, Lakshmi Card Clothing Mfg Co. Private Ltd, Lakshmi Cargo Company Limited, Lakshmi

Electrical Control Systems Limited, Lakshmi Electrical Drives Private Limited, Lakshmi Energy and Environment

Designs Private Limited, Lakshmi Life Sciences Private Limited, Lakshmi Precision Technologies Limited, Lakshmi

Ring Travellers (CBE) Private Limited, LCC Cargo Holdings Limited, Lakshmi Technology and Engineering Industries

Limited, Mahalakshmi Engineering Holdings Private Limited, Petrus Techonologies Private Limited, Quattro

Engineering India Private Limited, Rajalakshmi Engineering, Revantha Agro Farms Private Limited, Revantha

Services Private Limited, Shri Kara Engineering Private Limited, Sowbarnika Enterprises Private Limited, Sri Dwipa

Properties Private Limited, Sri Kamakoti Kamakshi Enterprises Private Limited, Starline Travels Private Limited,

Sudhasruthi Agro Private Limited, Super Sales India Limited, Supreme Dairy Products India Private Limited, The

Lakshmi Mills Company Limited, Titan Paints & Chemicals Private Limited, Venkatavaradha Agencies Private

Limited, Waterfield Financial and Investment Advisors Private Limited.

Key Management personnel compensation

Particulars

Year ended March 31, 2022

Year ended March 31, 2021

Short term employee benefits

1,221.17

651.03

Post employment benefits

40.31

39.64

Total compensation

1,261.48

690.67

Note : Related party relationships are as identified by the Management

Related Party Transactions

Particulars

Other Related Parties

Key Management Personnel

March 31, 2022

March 31, 2021

March 31, 2022

March 31, 2021

Purchase of goods

49,985.13

23,076.44

-

-

Sale of goods

4,602.97

1,842.79

-

-

Purchase of Fixed Assets

260.16

8.70

-

-

Sale of Fixed Assets

34.60

0.25

-

-

Rendering of Services

77.08

72.67

-

-

Receiving of Services

17,315.28

10,534.72

-

-

Agency arrangements

1,414.72

650.82

-

-

Contribution to Gratuity Fund

2,425.00

400.00

-

-

Managerial remuneration

-

-

1,261.48

690.67

Outstanding Payables

8,231.91

6,342.33

761.25

318.83

Outstanding Receivables

18.90

8.32

-

-

1

Purchase of Goods includes Lakshmi Electrical Control Systems Limited C21,265.36 Lakhs (Previous Year

C10,727.41 Lakhs); Lakshmi Electrical Drives Private Limited C6,478.21 Lakhs (Previous Year C2,634.81 Lakhs);

Lakshmi Life Sciences Private Limited C9,627.18 Lakhs (Previous Year C4,709.25 Lakhs); Lakshmi Precision

Technologies Limited C5,327.76 Lakhs (Previous Year C2,219.98 Lakhs); Other related Parties-Associates

C7,286.62 Lakhs (Previous Year C2,784.99 Lakhs)

2

Sale of Goods includes Lakshmi Electrical Control Systems Limited C1,084.62 Lakhs (Previous Year C723.84

Lakhs); Lakshmi Life Sciences Private Limited C599.83 Lakhs (Previous Year C224.46 Lakhs); Lakshmi Precision

Technologies Limited C791.64 Lakhs (Previous year C46.70 Lakhs); Super Sales India Limited C1,637.61 Lakhs

(Previous Year C647.91 Lakhs) & Other related Parties - Associates C489.27 Lakhs (Previous Year C199.88 Lakhs):

Managing Director, Sri. Sanjay

Jayavarthanavelu C968.31 Lakhs (Previous Year C501.61 Lakhs); Sri. K.Soundhar Rajhan,Director Operations

C182.45 Lakhs (PY C127.85 Lakhs); Sri. V.Senthil, Chief Financial Officer C66.22 Lakhs (Previous Year C38.03

Lakhs); Sri. C R Shivkumaran, Company Secretary C44.50 Lakhs (Previous year C23.18 Lakhs)

10

Outstanding Payables includes Chakradhara Aerospace and Cargo Private Ltd C1,545.60 Lakhs (Previous Year

C1,056.07 Lakhs); Lakshmi Electrical Control Systems Limited C3,067.31 Lakhs (Previous C2,245.43 Lakhs);

Lakshmi Electrical Drives Private Limited C1,034.75 Lakhs (Previous Year C644.58 Lakhs); Super Sales India

Limited C1,285.90 Lakhs (Previous Year C1,069.61 Lakhs); Sri. Sanjay Jayavarthanavelu C761.25 Lakhs (Previous

Year C318.83 Lakhs) & Other Related parties-Associates C1,298.35 Lakhs (Previous Year C1,326.64 Lakhs)

11

Outstanding Receivables includes Petrus Technologies Private Limited C15.17 Lakhs (Previous Year CNil);

Starline Travels Private Limited CNil (Previous Year C4.37 Lakhs); Lakshmi Card Clothing Mfg Co P Ltd CNil

(Previous Year C3.39 Lakhs); Lakshmi Life Sciences Private Limited C3.73 Lakhs (Previous Year CNil) & Others -

Other Related Parties - Associates CNil (Previous Year C0.56 Lakhs)

31.10 Employee defined benefit and contribution plans

I. Defined Benefit Plans

Particulars

Gratuity (Funded)

Leave Encashment (Funded)

March 31,

2022

March 31,

2021

March 31,

2022

March 31,

2021

A. Expense recognised in Income Statement

1. Current Service cost

449.26

382.51

191.76

181.47

2. Interest expense on DBO

557.96

601.86

68.94

68.52

3. Interest (Income on plan asset)

(600.95)

(554.91)

(87.85)

(82.48)

4. Net Interest

(42.99)

46.95

(18.91)

(13.95)

5. Immediate recognition of (gain) / losses

-

-

(57.84)

(48.78)

6. Defined Benefits cost included in P & L

406.27

429.46

115.01

118.74

B. Expense recognised in Comprehensive Income

1. Actuarial (gain)/Losses due to Demographic assumption

changes in DBO

-

-

-

-

2. Actuarial (gain)/Losses due to financial assumption changes

in DBO

(209.44)

(168.17)

(34.34)

(25.47)

3. Actuarial (gain)/Losses due to experience on DBO

991.51

(572.28)

(23.50)

(30.22)

4. Return on plan assets (Greater) / Less than Discount rate

79.61

434.37

-

6.91

5. Total actuarial (gain) / loss included in OCI

861.68

(306.08)

(57.84)

-

6. Cost recognised in P & L

406.27

429.46

115.01

118.74

7. Remeasurement effect recognised in OCI

861.68

(306.08)

-

-

8. Total defined benefit cost

1,267.95

123.38

115.01

118.74

C. Net asset/Liability recognised in the Balance Sheet

-

-

-

-

1. Present value of benefit obligation

9,450.08

8,034.32

1,093.00

1,049.19

2. Fair value of plan assets

9,975.16

7,450.51

1,323.44

1,235.59

3. Funded Status [Surplus / (deficit)]

525.08

(583.81)

230.44

186.40

4.Net Asset /(Liability) recognised in balance sheet

525.08

(583.81)

230.44

186.40

D. Change in Present value of the Obligation during the year

1. Present value of the obligation at beginning of year

8,034.32

9,139.59

1,049.19

1,072.69

2. Current service cost

449.26

382.51

191.76

181.47

3. Interest cost

557.96

601.86

68.94

68.52

4. Benefits paid

(373.53)

(1,349.19)

(159.05)

(217.81)

5. Actuarial (gain) loss on obligation

782.07

(740.45)

(57.84)

(55.69)

6. Present value of obligation at end of the year

9,450.08

8,034.32

1,093.00

1,049.19

E. Reconciliation of opening & closing values of Plan Assets

1. Fair value of plan assets at the beginning of the year

7,450.51

8,279.17

1,235.59

1,160.03

2. Expected return on plan assets

600.95

554.91

87.85

82.48

3. Contributions made

2,376.84

400.00

-

-

4. Benefits paid

(373.53)

(1,349.19)

-

-

5. Actuarial gain / (loss) on plan assets

(79.61)

(434.38)

-

(6.91)

6. Fair value of plan assets at the end of the year

9,975.16

7,450.51

1,323.44

1,235.59

7. Actual return on plan assets

521.34

120.53

87.85

75.56

F. Amounts recognised in Other comprehensive Income

1. Opening unrecognised losses / (Gains)

840.57

1,146.64

-

-

2. Actuarial Loss / (Gains) on DBO

782.07

(740.45)

(57.84)

(55.69)

3. Actuarial Loss / (Gains) on assets

79.61

434.38

-

6.91:

Managing Director

Director Operations

DIN: 00004505

DIN: 07594186

V. Senthil

C R Shivkumaran

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

CORPORATE INFORMATION

Based on Standalone financials

Particulars

2012-13

2013-14

2014-15

2015-16

2016-17

2017-18

2018-19

2019-20

2020-21

2021-22

Profit and Loss Account

Sales (excluding excise duty)

1,86,433

2,16,518

2,31,258

2,47,448

2,13,686

2,42,661

2,54,620

1,50,864

1,63,889

3,01,676

Other Income

13,152

19,193

17,858

15,988

16,698

17,868

19,578

15,509

12,997

13,584

Profit before tax

17,069

26,878

29,749

32,819

26,631

30,315

32,367

6,441

7,420

23,695

Profit after tax

11,748

18,369

20,745

22,012

19,060

21,142

18,928

4,500

4,746

17,968

Balance Sheet

Fixed Assets

44,980

38,568

37,721

40,846

46,559

53,616

65,971

69,402

66,918

68,659

Investments

10,382

12,883

12,883

15,276

12,624

14,798

13,846

11,250

20,018

25,529

Net Current Assets

41,956

59,257

75,443

93,709

94,660

1,03,751

89,219

86,465

93,510

1,06,658

97,318

1,10,708

1,26,047

1,49,831

1,53,843

1,72,165

1,69,036

1,67,117

1,80,445

2,00,846

Share Capital

1,127

1,127

1,127

1,127

1,096

1,096

1,068

1,068

1,068

1,068

Reserves and Surplus

94,901

1,09,317

1,24,920

1,48,704

1,52,747

1,71,069

1,67,968

1,64,563

1,76,958

1,97,454

Deferred Tax Liability

1,290

264

-

-

-

-

-

1,486

2,419

2,324

97,318

1,10,708

1,26,047

1,49,831

1,53,843

1,72,165

1,69,036

1,67,117

1,80,445

2,00,846

RATIOS

Measures of Investment

2020-21

2021-22

Dividend per share (H)

10.00

40.00

EPS (H)

Net Profit after tax / No. of Shares

44.43

168.19

Return on Equity (%)

Net Profit after tax / Shareholders’ funds

2.67

9.05

Dividend Cover (Times)

Earnings per Share / Dividend per Share

4.44

4.20

Measures of Performance

Net Profit Margin (%)

Profit after taxes / Sales

2.90

5.96

Assets Turnover (Times)

Sales / Net Fixed Assets

2.45

4.39

Measures of Financial status

Current Ratio (Times)

Current Assets / Current Liabilities

2.00

1.51

Tax Ratio (%)

Tax Provision / Profit before taxes

36.03

24.17

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements

for the year ended March 31, 2022

(All amount in B Lakhs, unless otherwise stated):

