Managing Director, the Company has revised the

72nd Annual Report of FY 2021-22. The revised Annual Report shall be sent to all the

Shareholders through NDSL via email on 06.09.2022.

The Revised 72nd Annual Report containing the Notice and the Business Responsibility Report is

also uploaded on the Company’s website at www.shipindia.com under ‘Financial Results 

Annual Reports’ section. The same is also available on www.bseindia.com, www.nseindia.com

and www.evoting.nsdl.com

Submitted for your information, kindly take the same on your records.

Thanking You,

Yours Faithfully,

For Shipping Corporation of the India Limited

Smt. Swapnita Vikas Yadav

Company Secretary and Compliance Officer

Swapnita

Vikas Yadav

Digitally signed by

Swapnita Vikas Yadav

Date: 2022.09.06

17:23:47 +05'30':

Managing Director

Shri Sanjay Kumar

Government Director

Shri Vikram Singh

Government Director

Shri Pramod Kumar Panda

Independent Director

Shri Atul Ubale

Director (Bulk Carrier & Tanker)

Shri P.K. Gangopadhyay

Director (Personnel & Administration)

Shri Gulabbhai Rohit

Independent Director

Shri Shreekant Pattar

Independent Director

Shri KNP Chakravarthy

Independent Director

Dr. Anil Kumar Misra

Independent Director

Ms. Arunima Dwivedi

Independent Director

Shri Vikram Dingley

Director (Technical & Offshore Services)

Shri C.I. Acharya

Director (Finance)

# Except for first three names, all other names

are in the order of date of appointment.

Shri N Subramanya Prakash

Chief Financial Officer (w.e.f. 05.08.2022)

Smt. Swapnita Vikas Yadav

Company Secretary & Compliance Officer (w.e.f.

01.02.2022)

STATUTORY AUDITORS*

M/s V. Sankar Aiyar & Co.

M/s Chokshi & Chokshi LLP

* M/s V. Sankar Aiyar & Co. and M/s Chokshi &

Chokshi LLP were appointed as Statutory Auditors

of the Company for F.Y. 2021-22. They have also

conducted limited review audit of Q1, Q2 & Q3 of

F.Y. 2021-22. M/s V. Sankar Aiyar & CO. and M/s

Chokshi & Chokshi LLP have also conducted limited

review audit of the Company for quarter ended June

2022.

For Financial Year 2022-23, Company has not

received: letter of appointment of Statutory Auditors

from CAG

SECRETARIAL AUDITOR

Shri Upendra Shukla,

Practicing Company Secretary

M/s. Mehta & Mehta

Practicing Company Secretary (w.e.f. 01.07.2022)

REGISTERED OFFICE

Shipping House, 245, Madame Cama Road,

Mumbai 400 021.

REGISTRAR & TRANSFER AGENTS

Bigshare Services Private Limited

Office No S6-2, 6th Floor, Pinnacle Business Park,

Next to Ahura Centre, Mahakali Caves Road,

Andheri (East) Mumbai – 400093.

CORPORATE INFORMATION

Dear Shareholders, Ladies and Gentlemen,

On behalf of the Board of Directors of The Shipping Corporation of India Ltd, I welcome you all to the 72nd Annual General Meeting of your

Company. It is a proud moment for all of us as Your esteemed company has completed 60 glorious years in service of our nation on 2nd

October 2021. I wish to convey my special complements to all the shareholders for the success that Your company has achieved during

past six decades by pioneering into various segments of Maritime transportation which has not only supported Indian Economy but has

immensely contributed towards nation building while ensuring self-sustenance of our country in maritime industry. The Diamond celebrations

were marked with great fanfare and enthusiasm with concluding ceremony being graced by Shri. Sarbananda Sonowal, the Hon’ble Minister

for Ports, Shipping & Waterways and AYUSH, as the Chief Guest and Shri. Shantanu Thakur, Hon’ble Minister of State for Ports, Shipping &

Waterways, as Guest of Honour.

It gives me immense pleasure to place before our esteemed shareholders, the 72nd Annual Report of your Company for the financial year

2021-2022. The financial year 2021-22 had post COVID reminiscence and the beginning of the year witnessed lockdowns being rolled back

in phased manner by many countries across globe. As the global economies reopened, there was rebound witnessed in global merchandise

trade and shipping industry which works on principles of derived demand, had a deep positive impact with freight rates in liner and bulk

segments touching historical high levels. While, the geopolitical situation arising from the Russia – Ukraine war crisis which started in

February 2022 shall have a bearing on shipping industry, your company with its diversified fleet is poised towards taking advantage of market

opportunities emerging from the global shipping outlook. I am glad to inform that your company had a splendid performance during the

financial year 2021-22 and I am pleased to summarise some of the key highlights of your company during FY 2021-22.

Shipping Scenario & Operations

The World has seen some resilience in year 2021-22 as the economic activities recovered from the Covid-19 pandemic. The Global growth

was estimated to 6.1% during calendar year 2021. All major trading economies saw imports and exports rise above pre-pandemic levels

in the fourth quarter of 2021, with trade in goods increasing more strongly in the developing world than in developed countries. The global

trade reflected a strong increase of 10.1% by volume in 2021 in comparison to 2020 which has led to apparent increase in total seaborne

trade during the same period. The growth rates indicated signs of recovery, but it was not uniform across all segments, such as seaborne

Subsequent to recent development in the position of Chairman &: Managing Director, wherein, Capt. B.K. Tyagi has taken over the charge of

letter and spirit.

Important Developments

• In compliance with the IMO’s Ballast Water Management Convention, Your Company is in process of installing the Ballast Water Treatment

System (BWTS) on its 40 foreign going vessels. Installation and commissioning of BWTS has been completed on 15 foreign going

vessels and for other vessel BWTS fitting will be undertaken commensurate with their dry-docking schedule. Informatively, 11 foreign

going vessels were fitted with BWTS by 31.03.2022.

• Your company’s vessels M.T. Swarna Sindhu and M.V. SCI Sabarmati were part of the prestigious 12th Fleet Review by Hon’ble President

of India & Supreme Commander of Indian Armed Forces along with other Indian Navy Fleet during February 2022.

• In accordance to approval received from A&N Administration in July 2021 Your Company has taken over the officer manning of the 17

nos. Foreshore vessels. Foreshore Vessels are lifeline for inter-island connectivity in Andaman and Nicorbar and thus Islanders will be

benefitted by uninterrupted services offered by Your Company.

• To overcome high freight rates, shortage of containers and for catering to the requirements of Indian exporters, Your Company deployed

its container vessel ‘M.V. SCI Chennai’ on direct “India – Middle East Shipping Service”. This service will connect East & West Coast

of India with Middle East ports of Jebel Ali and Hamad and will also cater to other ports in Persian Gulf. The service was flagged off by

Hon’ble Minister MoPSW during SCI’s Diamond Jubilee Celebration function held on 3rd Oct 2022.

• Your company executed an agreement with Union Territories of Lakshadweep Administration (UTLA) in February 2022 for Operation and

Management (O&M) of 21 nos. diversified fleet of vessels comprising Passenger vessels, High Speed Passenger Crafts, POL vessels,

Cargo vessels and Harbor Tugs.

• In March 2022, a historic Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) was signed between Inland Waterways Authority of India (IWAI) &

Inland & Coastal Shipping Ltd (ICSL), a wholly owned subsidiary of Your Company for taking over of two RO-RO vessels, M.V. Gopinath

Bordoloi & M.V. Sankar Dev of IWAI.

• In yet another historical event showcasing and promoting Diversity and Inclusivity (D&I) in the Global Shipping Industry, Your Company

successfully organized ‘All Women Merchant Officers’ sailing on M.T. Swarna Godavari for celebrating the Inaugural IMO International Day

for Women in Maritime. This is second such event in succession. The vessel was flagged off from Jawahar Dweep oil terminal, Mumbai

on 14th May, 2022 by Smt. Meenakashi Lekhi Hon’ble Union Minister of State, Ministry of External Affairs and Union Minister of State,

Ministry of Culture.

• India - Maldives Cargo Shipping Service was jointly launched on 21.09.2020, adding a new chapter in the connectivity initiatives taken

by both the countries in the Indian Ocean Region (IOR), connecting Indian Ports of Cochin and Tuticorin with Kulhuduffushi and Male.

ADDENDUM TO CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE

3C:

Managing Director

ADDENDUM TO CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE

3D:

Dear Shareholders, Ladies and Gentlemen,

On behalf of the Board of Directors of The Shipping Corporation of India Ltd, I welcome you all to the 72nd Annual General Meeting of your

Company. It is a proud moment for all of us as Your esteemed company has completed 60 glorious years in service of our nation on 2nd

October 2021. I wish to convey my special complements to all the shareholders for the success that Your company has achieved during

past six decades by pioneering into various segments of Maritime transportation which has not only supported Indian Economy but has

immensely contributed towards nation building while ensuring self-sustenance of our country in maritime industry. The Diamond celebrations

were marked with great fanfare and enthusiasm with concluding ceremony being graced by Shri. Sarbananda Sonowal, the Hon’ble Minister

for Ports, Shipping & Waterways and AYUSH, as the Chief Guest and Shri. Shantanu Thakur, Hon’ble Minister of State for Ports, Shipping &

Waterways, as Guest of Honour.

It gives me immense pleasure to place before our esteemed shareholders, the 72nd Annual Report of your Company for the financial year

2021-2022. The financial year 2021-22 had post COVID reminiscence and the beginning of the year witnessed lockdowns being rolled back

in phased manner by many countries across globe. As the global economies reopened, there was rebound witnessed in global merchandise

trade and shipping industry which works on principles of derived demand, had a deep positive impact with freight rates in liner and bulk

segments touching historical high levels. While, the geopolitical situation arising from the Russia – Ukraine war crisis which started in

February 2022 shall have a bearing on shipping industry, your company with its diversified fleet is poised towards taking advantage of market

opportunities emerging from the global shipping outlook. I am glad to inform that your company had a splendid performance during the

financial year 2021-22 and I am pleased to summarise some of the key highlights of your company during FY 2021-22.

Shipping Scenario & Operations

The World has seen some resilience in year 2021-22 as the economic activities recovered from the Covid-19 pandemic. The Global growth

was estimated to 6.1% during calendar year 2021. All major trading economies saw imports and exports rise above pre-pandemic levels

in the fourth quarter of 2021, with trade in goods increasing more strongly in the developing world than in developed countries. The global

trade reflected a strong increase of 10.1% by volume in 2021 in comparison to 2020 which has led to apparent increase in total seaborne

trade during the same period. The growth rates indicated signs of recovery, but it was not uniform across all segments, such as seaborne oil

trade (crude oil and refined products) which continued to decline in 2021.

However, in view of the geo-political issues like the Russia-Ukraine conflict, lockdowns in China, supply-chain disruptions, and the risk of

stagflation across many countries the forecasts of global growth has been downgraded to 3.6% and the global trade volume by 5.0% in

CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE:

letter and spirit.

Important Developments

• In compliance with the IMO’s Ballast Water Management Convention, Your Company is in process of installing the Ballast Water Treatment

System (BWTS) on its 40 foreign going vessels. Installation and commissioning of BWTS has been completed on 15 foreign going

vessels and for other vessel BWTS fitting will be undertaken commensurate with their dry-docking schedule. Informatively, 11 foreign

going vessels were fitted with BWTS by 31.03.2022.

• Your company’s vessels M.T. Swarna Sindhu and M.V. SCI Sabarmati were part of the prestigious 12th Fleet Review by Hon’ble President

of India & Supreme Commander of Indian Armed Forces along with other Indian Navy Fleet during February 2022.

• In accordance to approval received from A&N Administration in July 2021 Your Company has taken over the officer manning of the 17

nos. Foreshore vessels. Foreshore Vessels are lifeline for inter-island connectivity in Andaman and Nicorbar and thus Islanders will be

benefitted by uninterrupted services offered by Your Company.

• To overcome high freight rates, shortage of containers and for catering to the requirements of Indian exporters, Your Company deployed

its container vessel ‘M.V. SCI Chennai’ on direct “India – Middle East Shipping Service”. This service will connect East & West Coast

of India with Middle East ports of Jebel Ali and Hamad and will also cater to other ports in Persian Gulf. The service was flagged off by

Hon’ble Minister MoPSW during SCI’s Diamond Jubilee Celebration function held on 3rd Oct 2022.

• Your company executed an agreement with Union Territories of Lakshadweep Administration (UTLA) in February 2022 for Operation and

Management (O&M) of 21 nos. diversified fleet of vessels comprising Passenger vessels, High Speed Passenger Crafts, POL vessels,

Cargo vessels and Harbor Tugs.

• In March 2022, a historic Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) was signed between Inland Waterways Authority of India (IWAI) &

Inland & Coastal Shipping Ltd (ICSL), a wholly owned subsidiary of Your Company for taking over of two RO-RO vessels, M.V. Gopinath

Bordoloi & M.V. Sankar Dev of IWAI.

• In yet another historical event showcasing and promoting Diversity and Inclusivity (D&I) in the Global Shipping Industry, Your Company

successfully organized ‘All Women Merchant Officers’ sailing on M.T. Swarna Godavari for celebrating the Inaugural IMO International Day

for Women in Maritime. This is second such event in succession. The vessel was flagged off from Jawahar Dweep oil terminal, Mumbai

on 14th May, 2022 by Smt. Meenakashi Lekhi Hon’ble Union Minister of State, Ministry of External Affairs and Union Minister of State,

Ministry of Culture.

• India - Maldives Cargo Shipping Service was jointly launched on 21.09.2020, adding a new chapter in the connectivity initiatives taken

by both the countries in the Indian Ocean Region (IOR), connecting Indian Ports of Cochin and Tuticorin with Kulhuduffushi and Male.

CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE:

Managing Director (A/C)

CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE:

MANAGING DIRECTOR

Capt. Binesh Kumar Tyagi has taken over

as Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director (Additional Charge)

of SCI from 1.6.2022 to 31.8.2022.

Shri P.K. Gangopadhyay

DIRECTOR (PERSONNEL &

ADMINISTRATION DIVISION)

Shri P. K. Gangopadhyay has taken over

as Director, Personnel & Administration,

on 7th September 2021. During his career

spanning over 34 years in SCI, he has

successfully handled diverse portfolios

both onboard vessels and ashore. Shri

P. K. Gangopadhyay, post completing

Mechanical Engineering and obtaining

Certificate of Competency, joined SCI fleet

in 1988 as a Marine Engineer, wherein he

served and gained valuable experience

on board diverse vessels. After serving

as Chief Engineer onboard vessels, he

was absorbed ashore in 2002. During

his stint ashore, he has served at varied

Management level positions in domains

of Techno Commercial management and

Human Resources management. He has

rich experience as a Shipping Professional,

which

broadly

includes

handling

of

operations onboard vessels, management

& execution of technical projects, review

& optimization of business processes,

sourcing & management of appropriate

manpower for fleet & shore operations, and

administration.

Shri Gulabbhai Rohit

INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR

Shri Gulabbhai Lakhubhai Rohit Post

Graduated from South Gujarat University,

MBA from IIFCM and AMFI and CA (Inter).

He has started Tax Consultancy, since

05th September 1997, as an Income Tax

Practitioner, VAT Practitioner and GST

Practitioner since July 2017. He is also

Investment advisor in Insurance Sectors

and Mutual Fund sectors. He has overall

24 years vast experience in Accounting,

Taxations, (Direct and Indirect Taxation)

Internal Audits and Tax Audits and Manage

Investment Port Folio of customers. Also

he is Industrial Consultant for Factory and

Pollution matter. He is BJP Vice President

SC MORCHA DNH.

Shri Gulabbhai Lakhubhai Rohit is also

running various social activities under

his own Foundation. He is Founder and

Director of MUKTISHREY FOUNDATION

(Regi.No.U85300DN2020NPL005630.)

undertaking social activities for SC/ST

students, plantations at various places in

the Dadra and Nagar Haveli, Blood Donation

BOARD OF DIRECTORS:

letter etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies)

who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to info@mehta-mehta.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in and

sci.cs@sci.co.in . Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board Resolution / Power

of Attorney / Authority: Letter etc. by clicking on “Upload Board Resolution / Authority Letter” displayed under “e-Voting” tab in their

login.

It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep your password confi-

dential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In such an

event, you will need to go through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?” option available on

www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

NOTICE OF MEETING

letter dated 06.09.2021 appointed Shri Prabir Kumar Gangopadhyay as Director

(Personnel & Administration) on the Board of SCI. Accordingly, Shri Prabir Kumar Gangopadhyay was appointed as an Additional Director on

the Board of SCI upon assumption of his charge i.e w.e.f 07.09.2021 in terms of provisions of Section 161 of the Companies Act, 2013, rules

made thereunder and also the provisions of the Articles of Association of the Company by the Board of Directors of the Company.

As per the provisions contained under Section 161 of the Companies Act, 2013, the Additional Director so appointed by the Board shall hold

office upto the date of next Annual General Meeting of the Company or the last date on which the Annual General Meeting of the Company

should have been held, whichever is earlier.

In terms of provisions contained under Section 160 of the Act, the Company has received a notice in writing from a Member proposing the

candidature of Shri Prabir Kumar Gangopadhyay for the office of Director.

His brief resume containing other relevant details is annexed herewith.

Relevant documents, if any, referred to in this notice and the Explanatory statement pursuant to section 102 of the Act, will be available for

inspection via electronic mode from the date of circulation of this notice upto the last date of remote e-voting. In the event, any Member desires

to inspect such Documents, may write an email to the company at sci.cs@sci.co.in by mentioning their name, folio number/DP ID-Client

ID, as applicable, Mobile number and copy of pan Card attached. The Company shall thereafter suitably make the Documents available on/

through Electronic Mode.

None of the other Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their relatives is, in any way, concerned or interested in the

Resolution.

The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution as set out for approval by the Members.

ITEM NO. 6:

APPOINTMENT OF SHRI GULABBHAI LAKHUBHAI ROHIT (DIN: 08916645) AS A NON-OFFICIAL (INDEPENDENT) DIRECTOR OF THE

COMPANY.

The following statement sets out all the material facts relating to the resolution to be passed as mentioned in the accompanying Notice:

The Ministry of Ports, Shipping and Waterways vide its: letter dated November 22nd, 2021 appointed Shri Gulabbhai Lakhubhai Rohit (DIN:

08916645) on the Board of SCI. Accordingly, Shri Gulabbhai Lakhubhai Rohit was appointed as an Additional

letter dated November 22nd, 2021 appointed Dr. Anil Kumar Misra (DIN: 09427416)

on the Board of SCI. Accordingly, Dr. Anil Kumar Misra was appointed as an Additional Director on the Board of SCI w.e.f December 7th, 2021

in terms of Section 161 of the Companies Act, 2013, rules made there under and also as per the Articles of Association of the Company by

the Board of Directors of the Company.

As per Section 161 of the Companies Act, 2013, the Additional Director so appointed by the Board shall hold office upto the date of next Annual

General Meeting of the Company or the last date on which the Annual General Meeting of the Company should have been held, whichever is

earlier.

SEBI vide amendment to the SEBI LODR, 2015 has added new Regulation 25 (2A) which was effective from January 01, 2022 and as per the

new Regulation, listed entities are now required to ensure that appointment, re-appointment or removal of an independent director of a listed

entity, shall be subject to the approval of shareholders by way of a Special Resolution. In order to comply with this requirement, the Board of

Directors of the Company has recommended seeking the approval of Members of the Company for appointment of Dr. Anil Kumar Misra as

a Non-Official (Independent) Director on the Board by means of a Special Resolution to comply with the amended provisions of SEBI LODR,

2015.

In terms of provisions contained under Section 160 of the Act, the Company has received a notice in writing from a Member proposing the

candidature of Dr. Anil Kumar Misrafor the office of Indpendent Director.

His brief resume containing other relevant details is annexed herewith.

Relevant documents, if any, referred to in this notice and the Explanatory statement pursuant to section 102 of the Act, will be available for

inspection via electronic mode from the date of circulation of this notice upto the last date of remote e-voting. In the event, any Member desires

to inspect such Documents, may write an email to the company at sci.cs@sci.co.in by mentioning their name, folio number/DP ID-Client

ID, as applicable, Mobile number and copy of pan Card attached. The Company shall thereafter suitably make the Documents available on/

through Electronic Mode.

None of the other Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their relatives is, in any way, concerned or interested in the

Resolution.

The Board recommends the Special Resolution as set out for approval by the Members.

ITEM NO. 8:

APPOINTMENT OF MS. ARUNIMA DWIVEDI (DIN: 09427417) AS A NON-OFFICIAL (INDEPENDENT) DIRECTOR OF THE COMPANY.

The following statement sets out all the material facts relating to the resolution to be passed as mentioned in the accompanying Notice:

The Ministry of Ports, Shipping and Waterways vide its: letter dated November 22nd, 2021 appointed Ms. Arunima Dwivedi (DIN: 09427417)

on the Board of SCI. Accordingly, Ms. Arunima Dwivedi was appointed as an Additional

letter dated November 22nd, 2021 appointed Shri Shreekant Tejappa Pattar (DIN:

09427418) on the Board of SCI. Accordingly, Shri Shreekant Tejappa Pattar was appointed as an Additional Director on the Board of SCI w.e.f

December 7th, 2021 in terms of Section 161 of the Companies Act, 2013, rules made thereunder and also as per the Articles of Association

of the Company by the Board of Directors of the Company.

As per Section 161 of the Companies Act, 2013, the Additional Director so appointed by the Board shall hold office up to the date of next

Annual General Meeting of the Company or the last date on which the Annual General Meeting of the Company should have been held,

whichever is earlier.

SEBI vide amendment to the SEBI LODR, 2015 has added new Regulation 25 (2A) which was effective from January 01, 2022 and as per the

new Regulation, listed entities are now required to ensure that appointment, re-appointment or removal of an independent director of a listed

entity, shall be subject to the approval of shareholders by way of a special resolution. In order to comply with this requirement, the Board of

Directors of the Company has recommended seeking the approval of Members of the Company for appointment of Shri Shreekant Tejappa

Pattar as a Non-Official (Independent) Director on the Board by means of a Special Resolution to comply with the amended provisions of SEBI

LODR, 2015.

In terms of provisions contained under Section 160 of the Act, the Company has received a notice in writing from a Member proposing the

candidature of Shri Shreekant Tejappa Pattar for the office of Indpendent Director.

His brief resume containing other relevant details is annexed herewith.

Relevant documents, if any, referred to in this notice and the Explanatory statement pursuant to section 102 of the Act, will be available for

inspection via electronic mode from the date of circulation of this notice upto the last date of remote e-voting. In the event, any Member desires

to inspect such Documents, may write an email to the company at sci.cs@sci.co.in by mentioning their name, folio number/DP ID-Client

ID, as applicable, Mobile number and copy of pan Card attached. The Company shall thereafter suitably make the Documents available on/

through Electronic Mode.

None of the other Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their relatives is, in any way, concerned or interested in the

Resolution.

The Board recommends the Special Resolution as set out for approval by the Members.

ITEM NO. 10:

APPOINTMENT OF SHRI NAGESWARA PRAMOD CHAKRAVARTHY KALLA (DIN: 09427415) AS A NON-OFFICIAL (INDEPENDENT)

DIRECTOR OF THE COMPANY.

The following statement sets out all the material facts relating to the resolution to be passed as mentioned in the accompanying Notice:

The Ministry of Ports, Shipping and Waterways vide its: letter dated November 22nd, 2021 appointed Shri Nageswara Pramod Chakravarthy

Kalla(DIN: 09427415)on the Board of SCI. Accordingly, Shri Nageswara Pramod Chakravarthy Kallawas appointed as an Additional

letter dated 27.10.2020, approval was accorded

to IWAI for handing over three vessels i.e. (i) M.V. Rabindra Nath Tagore, (ii) M.V. Lal Bahadur Shastri and (iii) M.V. Homi Bhabha to ICSL.

M/s. Inland & Coastal Shipping Limited (ICSL) signed a MOU on 22.01.2021 with Inland Waterways Authority of India (IWAI) for operation

and management of above mentioned cargo vessels and subsequently took delivery of M.V. R N Tagore on 22.01.2021 and M.V. Lal Bahadur

Shastri on 26.02.2021. Third vessel M.V. Homi Bhabha is presently non-operational and would be taken over by ICSL after she is made

operational by IWAI.

M.V. R N Tagore and M.V. Lal Bahadur Shastri are presently operating on NW1 & NW2 respectively.

ICSL and IWAI further signed an MOU on 11.03.2022 for take over of two RO-RO vessels viz, m.v. Gopinath Bordoloi & m.v. Sankar Dev, to

promote Inland Waterway transportation with ultimate objective to decongest roads & railways. These RO-RO vessels would be taken over

by ICSL soon after completion of required certifications etc.

The Shipping Corporation of India Land and Assets Limited

Shipping Corporation of India Land and Assets Limited (SCILAL) is a Government Company, within the meaning of section 2(45) of the

Companies Act, 2013, incorporated under the Companies Act, 2013 on November 10, 2021, having its registered office at ‘Shipping House’,

245, Madame Cama Road, Mumbai-400021 India.

The Government of India is in the process of strategic disinvestment of its equity stake in SCI together with transfer of management control.

To facilitate disinvestment process of the Company in an effective, efficient and rapid manner and also to unlock the value of the business and

the assets, it is found appropriate that the Non-core Assets of the Company, the value of which is not getting reflected in the value of business

of SCI, should be separated from SCI and should be kept in an independent entity and a separate strategy should be formed for unlocking the

value of such Non-core Assets. Considering this, and in line with the guidance of DIPAM and other Competent Authority, Shipping Corporation:

Managing Director from Subsidiary Companies

Shri Atul Ubale holding Addl.charge of CMD & Director (B&T) has not received any remuneration from any of its subsidiary companies.

Risk Management

SCI has approved Risk Management framework and risk registers to build up a strong Risk Management Culture within SCI in achieving

company’s goals and objectives. The entity level Risk Assessment includes;

i) Strategic Risk

ii) Operational Risk

iii) Financial Risk

iv) Compliance Risk

In specific SCI has identified risks which includes volatility in freight rates, bunker procurement exposure, delay in revenue transfer etc. In SCI,

concerted efforts are made for mitigating / containing and controlling risks. The top priority in the present situation includes the implications

arising from pandemic circumstance and continuing with the business as per the business continuity model by identifying the critical

functions. The meetings of the Risk Management Committee were held on 7.4.2021, 12.3.2022, 26.3.2022 and 6.5.2022.

Conservation of Energy, Technology Absorption

The information pertaining to conservation of energy, technology absorption is forming a part of the Management Discussion and Analysis

Report.

Foreign exchange earnings and outgo

` in crores

Particulars

2021-22

2020-21

Foreign exchange earned*

4982.68

3891.24

Foreign exchange outgo*

4048.50

2810.35

*includes deemed foreign exchange earnings and outgo.

Public Deposit

During the financial year 2020-21, your Company has not accepted any deposit within the meaning of Section 73 and 76 of the Companies

Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Acceptance of Deposits) Rules, 2014 and as such no amount of principal or interest was outstanding

as on the date of the Balance Sheet.

Proposed Strategic Disinvestment of SCI

The proposed strategic disinvestment of SCI is being handled by Department of Investment and Public Asset Management (DIPAM) with

the engagement of necessary advisors. In this regard Preliminary Information Memorandum (PIM) for inviting expression of interest was

released on 22nd December, 2020. The Virtual Data Room is open and is being managed by the Transaction Advisor for the process of due

diligence by the Qualified Interested Parties.

The Demerger Scheme (‘the Scheme’) for hiving off the identified Non-cCore assets has been approved by the SCI Board on 03.08.2021.

Pursuant to instructions of Ministry of Ports, Shipping and Waterways (MoPSW), the Company has incorporated a wholly owned Subsidiary

viz. Shipping Corporation of India Land and Assets Limited (SCILAL) for the demerger of Non-Core assets on 10.11.2021 in terms of

the Scheme. The Board of SCILAL has approved the Scheme on 16.11.2021. On 02.03.2022, the SEBI through Stock Exchanges have

communicated the approval to the Scheme of Demerger .

Subsequent to the approval of Scheme by the Boards of SCI as well as SCILAL, assets and liabilities to be transferred to SCILAL have been

categorised as Non-Core Assets / Liabilities Held for Demerger and consequential impact has been given in Profit and Loss account w.r.t

reversal of amortisation of deferred tax liability, depreciation and foreign exchange loss.

Post approval of the Scheme by MCA, the assets and liabilities pertaining to the said non-core assets will be transferred to SCILAL basis the

appointed date mentioned in the Scheme as per the book value as on 31.03.2021 and from 16.11.2021, income and expenses related to

Non-Core assets as per the Scheme will be accordingly transferred to SCILAL.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT:

Letter of Credit (LC) process to be conducted

digitally have already been implemented in the PCS 1x. There is also going to be complete integration between PCS 1x and Indian Customs

EDI Gateway (ICEGATE).

Radio Frequency Identification Device (RFID) solution has been implemented at all major ports to enable seamless movement of traffic

across port gates, including substantial reductions in documentation checks. Upgradation and integration with recent technologies - IGoT,

Block Chain etc. to ease transaction and real time basis tracking has been envisaged in Maritime India Vision 2030. Further process to

bootstrap PCS 1x into National Logistics Portal-Marine (NLP-Marine) is already underway which will act as a Unified Digital Platform for all

maritime stakeholders. NLP Marine + PCS 1x platform is envisaged as the central hub for all interactions with various stakeholders viz. Ports,

Terminals Shipping Lines/ Agents, CFS and Customs Brokers, Importer / Exporter etc.

In line with the “Act East” policy ,the Ministry of Ports, Shipping & Waterways (MoPSW) has taken up several infrastructure projects on

National Waterway-1, Indo-Bangladesh Protocol route, and NW2, through the Inland Waterways Authority of India (IWAI). Union Minister

of Ports, Shipping & Waterways and AYUSH, flagged off an inland waterway vessel m.v. Lal Bahadur Shastri from Patna to Guwahati on

05.02.2022. Vessel started its journey from Patna carried 200 Metric Tonnes of food grains headed for Pandu in Guwahati & travelled via

Bangladesh to reach the destination. These steps are expected to enhance connectivity with North Eastern Region (NER) through waterways.

As a part of its Diamond Jubilee celebrations of SCI, SCI commenced its direct “India – Middle East Shipping Service”. Flagging-off the vessel

was done by Hon’ble Minister of Ports, Shipping & Waterways. This service connects East & West Coast of India with Middle East ports of

Jebel Ali and Hamad and will also cater to other ports in Persian Gulf, thereby, providing greater port coverage while maintaining an efficient

and reliable service.

The Shipping Corporation of India Ltd. achieved a historical feat when Shri, Minister of State (Independent Charge) for Ports, Shipping &

Waterways, virtually flagged of the “All Women Officers’ Sailing” on MT Swarna Krishna - SCI’s crude oil carrier from JNPT Liquid Berth

Jetty on March 06, 2021.

(iii) Business Sector and Outlook

The Ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine has major ramifications for global economy, which is just recovering from stress of the

coronavirus pandemic. Economic damage from conflict may further result in a significant slowdown in global growth in 2022. According to

the WTO, World merchandise trade volume is expected to grow at 3% in 2022 and 3.4% in 2023.

A severe double-digit drop in GDP for Ukraine and a large contraction in Russia are expected, along with worldwide spillovers through

commodity markets, trade, and financial channels. Even as the war reduces growth, it will add to inflation. Fuel and food prices have

increased rapidly, with vulnerable populations—particularly in low-income countries being most affected. Elevated inflation will complicate

the trade-offs Central Banks face between containing price pressures and safeguarding growth. Interest rates are expected to rise as Central

Banks tighten fiscal policy, exerting pressure on emerging market and developing economies. Moreover, many countries have limited fiscal

policy space to cushion the impact of the war on their economies. The invasion has contributed to economic fragmentation as a significant

number of countries sever commercial ties with Russia and risks derailing the post-pandemic recovery. It also threatens the rules-based

frameworks that have facilitated greater global economic integration and helped lift millions out of poverty. In addition, conflict adds to

economic strains wrought by the pandemic.

It is estimated that freight rates will be moderated and will drop by 30-40% in 2022. However, it is highly unlikely that they will drop back to

the 2019 level. In 2021, delays caused transport capacity to decrease by over 3.1 million TEU (12.5% of sea transport). However, in 2022,

this situation is to change for the better – it will be easier to secure a container. It is estimated that containerized export will increase by 2-3%

in 2022.

On supply side, in 2022, the global fleet is expected to be expanded by many units. In 2020, the fleet increased by 3%, in 2021 – 4.3%, and

in 2022 it is expected to increase by 4.5%. However, the biggest increase is forecasted for 2023 – 7.5%. In 2022, at least 22 large container

ships (COSCO Shipping, CMA, OOCL, and MSC) are set to make a beginning.

(iv) Expected changes and trends in Shipping during 2021

DIRECTORS’ REPORT:

Managing Director of the Company completed her tenure on the Board of the Company consequent to her

superannuation on 31.05.2022. Further, Shri Atul Ubale vide Ministry: letter dated 27.05.2022 has been given the additional charge of the

position of Chairperson and Managing Director of the Company w.e.f., 01.06.2022.

As on date Shri Atul Ubale, Director (B&T) holding Additional Charge of

letter dated 22/11/2021 had conveyed the appointments of 5 Non-Executive Independent Directors

including one Woman Independent Director. Consequently, the Corporation is compliant with the provisions of Regulation 17(1) (a) and (b)

of SEBI (LODR) Regulations,2015 – Composition of the Board of Directors with effect from 07.12.2021 till 31st March, 2022.

19. Auditors Report

The Statutory Auditors have given an unqualified report on the Financial Statement of the Company for the Financial Year 2021-22. Further,

there are NIL Comment made by Comptroller an Auditor General of India on the Statement of Standalone and Consolidated Financial

Statements for the year ended 31.03.2022.

20. 150th Report of the Committee of Papers Laid on the Table (COPLOT) presented in Rajya Sabha on 31 March 2017 -Para 24 of the

COPLOT recommendations

Please find the following information with respect to Pending Audit Para:

Name of Audit Para: Para No. 9.2 of CAG Report No. 13 of 2019

Brief of the Para

Payment of Performance Related Pay in violation of DPE guidelines.

SCI paid an amount of Rs. 11.03 crore as Performance Related Pay to employees for the financial year 2014-15. C&AG however raised an

observation that payment of Performance Related Pay of Rs. 11.03 crore for the year 2014 -15 was made in violation of DPE guidelines and

that the non-core profits had not been deducted for calculation of PRP.

PRP of year 2014-15 was paid after approval of Nomination and Remuneration Committee. However, matter was again put up to Nomination

and Remuneration Committee held on 04.02.2020 specifically to review the position with respect to C&AG observation.

SCI stand on C&AG observation is reiterated below:-

a) Profit on sale of Vessels: Scrapping of vessels is a normal activity in shipping and SCI follows a policy of scrapping at the end of the

useful life of the vessel after a techno economic study is done on possible further extension of the life of the vessel. All activities starting

from placing of an order building a ship till the end point of scrapping of the ship at the end of its useful life fall within the ambit of core

business activity of a shipping company.

b) Income (Compensation) received from rescindment of Contract: Possibility of contract rescindment termination in any business is

normal and cannot be ruled out. Hence, rescindment of contract needs to be considered within the purview of normal business activity.

In our case compensation/ income received for rescindment of contract is nothing but is in nature of liquidated damaged given by

shipyard for their subpar performance and not completing the contract on time. Had the vessel been delivered in time SCI would have

earned normal income from freight/charter hire.

c) Interest on loans given to Joint Ventures: Formation of Joint venture is a normal business activity. Loans given to Joint Venture

Companies is part of well deliberated strategic planning by all JV partners and in line with the MOA.

The Nomination & Remuneration Committee deliberated the matter in detail and concluded that all the above mentioned items are core

activities of SCI.

Resolution of minutes of above agenda is placed below:

The Committee thereafter passed the following resolution:

RESOLVED That any business activity which is undertaken to sustain, promote, enhance or grow its primary business is to be considered

as “Core Business Activity” of the Company

RESOLVED Further THAT income from rescindment of contract (liquidated damages), interest earned on loan exposure to the joint venture

companies, profit on sale of ships constitute as income arising from core activity

Resolved Further that payments made by the company to the employees as Performance Related Pay for the FY 2014-15 based on the

above notion, on which taxes have been paid by the employees and further in order to avoid complications arising on account of differential

treatment afforded to the same class of employees whether serving or otherwise, should not be recovered

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Company may communicate the above decision of the Committee to the Ministry of Ports, Shipping and

Waterways (MoPSW) for further action.

In view of instructions of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, matter was put to The Ministry of Ports, Shipping and Waterways

(MoPSW) on 27.07.2020 seeking guidance on the way forward considering the above resolution of the Nomination & Remuneration

committee.

Thereafter, on 02.12.2021,: letter was sent to MoPSW stating that considering the Strategic Disinvestment of SCI being in advanced stages,

DIPAM had opined that the Administrative ministry should take necessary action to get all employee related liabilities pertaining to the

period that the company is a CPSE cleared before the company’s management control is transferred so as to safeguard the interest of the

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Managing Director

(Chairperson)

4

4

2

Shri Atul Ubale D(P&A)

Whole-time Director (Member)

2

2

3.

Shri Rajesh Sood

Whole-time Director (Member)

0

0

4

Shri Pramod Kumar Panda

Independent Director(Member)

3

3

5

Shri Vijay Jadhao

Independent Director(Member)

1

1

6

Shri Prabir Kumar Gangopadhyay (P&A)

Whole-time Director (Member)

2

2

7

Capt.B K Tyagi (T&OS)

Whole-time Director (Member)

3

3

8

Dr. Anil Kumar Misra

Independent Director, (Member)

1

1

9

Shri Nageswara Pramod Chakravarthy Kalla

Independent Director (Member)

1

1

• Shri Rajesh Sood ceased to be the Member of the Committee 30.04.2021 consequent to his Superannuation. The Ministry informed

that Capt B K Tyagi Director (L&PS) will hold the Additional Charge of the post of Director (T&OS) w.e.f., 01.05.2021.

• Shri Vijay Jadhao ceased to be the Member of the Committee w.e.f., 03.07.2022 consequent to completion of his tenure.

• On appointment of Shri P.K. Gangopadhyay as Director (P&A) on 07.09.2021, Shri Atul Ubale, Director (B&T) ceased to hold the

Additional Charge of Director (P&A) and subsequently ceased to be the member of the Committee.

• The CSR Committee was reconstituted w.e.f., 17.12.2021 with Dr. Anil Kumar Misra and Shri. Nageswara Pramod Chakravarthy Kalla

as the members of the Committee.

3. Provide the web-link where Composition of CSR Committee, CSR Policy and CSR Projects approved by the board are disclosed on the

website of the company.

Web-link

http://www.shipindia.com/csr/csrpage/overview

4. Provide the details of Impact assessment of CSR projects carried out in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 8 of the Companies (Corporate

Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, if applicable (attach the report).

Not applicable in case of SCI.

5. Details of the amount available for set off in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 7 of the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy)

Rules, 2014 and required for set off for the financial year, if any

Sl. No.

Finan-

cial Year

Amount available for set-off from preceding

financial year (in Rs)

Amount required to be set-off for the financial year,

of any (in Rs)

Not Applicable

6. Average net profit of the company as per section 135 (5).

Average net profit - Rs 302.48 crores:

letter No.19(07)/2018-

SME dated 04.01.2019 from the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and also from the Department of Public Enterprises vide their

OM dated 08.01.2019.

BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORT

For the year ended 31st march, 2021:

Managing Director

Director (Finance), Addl. Charge

DIN - 07085755

Mumbai, Dated the 6th May, 2022

Mumbai, Dated the 6th May, 2022

FORM AOC-1:

Managing Director:

Managing Director is provided at the end of this Report.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

COMPOSITION OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

As on date, the Board of Directors of your Company comprise of 13 members which comprise of 5 Executive Directors (including Chairperson

and: Managing

letter from the Ministry of Ports, Shipping and Waterways.

Whereas, the date of appointment of Shri KNP Chakravarthy, Dr. Anil Kumar Misra, Ms Arunima Dwivedi and Shri Shreekant Pattar is effective

from 07.12.2021 i.e. the date of obtaining their respective DIN.

CA Mavjibhai Sorathia, Non official Part Time (Independent) Director completed his tenure on the Board of the Shipping Corporation of India

Limited on 16.12.2021.

The PESB in their interview held on 04.02.2022 for selection for the post of Chairperson and: Managing

letter dated 06.09.2021 informed the appointment of Shri Prabir Kumar Gangopadhyay as Director (P&A), Shipping

Corporation of India Limited (SCI) till the date of his superannuation, i.e. 30.11.2022, or until further orders, whichever is earlier. However,

his appointment is effective from 07.09.2021.

#The Ministry vide: letter dated 14.12.2020 nominated Shri Vikram Singh, IRTS, Joint Secretary (Ports and Shipping), Ministry of Ports,

Shipping and Waterways as Part time Official

letter dated 22nd November, 2021 had conveyed the appointment of five Non-official Part-time (Independent) Directors on

the Board of SCI for a period of 3 years from the date of appointment or until further orders, whichever is earlier. The Independent Directors

appointed are

1) Shri KNP Chakravarthy, 2) Shri Gulabbhai Rohit, 3) Ms. Arunima Dviwedi, 4) Shri Shreekant Pattar 5) Dr. Anil Kumar Misra.

Since Shri Gulabbhai Rohit was holding a valid DIN, his date of appointment is effective from 22.11.2021 i.e. the date of receipt of his

appointment: letter from the Ministry of Ports, Shipping and Waterways.

Whereas, the date of appointment of Shri KNP Chakravarthy, Dr. Anil Kumar Misra, Ms Arunima Dwivedi and Shri Shreekant Pattar is effective

from 07.12.2021 i.e., the date of them obtaining their respective DIN.

BOARD MEETINGS / ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING.

During the financial year 2021-2022, five (5) Board Meetings were held, the dates being, 29.04.2021, 13.05.2021, 03.08.2021, 01.11.2021

and 31.01.2022. The details about attendance of the

Managing Director as per the order of MInistry of

Ports, Shipping and Waterways.

Shri Atul Ubale

01.06.2022

13.06.2022

Additional Charge Director (Finance) as per order of

the Ministry of Ports, Shipping and Waterways and

Cessation of Additional Charge of Director (Finance)

upon appointment of Shri C. I Acharya as Director

(Finance)

Shri C. I Acharya

13.06.2022

-

Appointment as Director (Finance) as per order of the

Ministry of Ports, Shipping and Waterways

REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE:

Managing Director of Indian Ports Global Ltd. (IPGL) and Chairperson &: Managing

Managing Director

Shri P.K. Gangopadhyay

D(P&A)

Whole-Time Director

Shri KNP Chakravarthy Independent Director

Dr. Anil Kumar Misra

Independent Director

During the Financial Year 2021-2022, the Meeting of the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee was held on 12.05.2021. 03.08.2021,

01.11.2021 and 31.01.2022.

Name of the Director

No. of Meetings

Held during the tenure of Directors

Attended

Smt. H.K. Joshi

4

4

Shri Rajesh Sood*

NA

NA

Capt B.K. Tyagi

3

3

Shri Atul Ubale

2

2

Shri P.K. Gangopadhyay

2

2

Shri Pramod Kumar Panda

3

3

Shri Vijay Jadhao

1

1

Shri KNP Chakravarthy

1

1

Dr. Anil Kumar Misra

1

1

*Shri Rajesh Sood, Director (Technical and Offshore Services) was superannuated on 30.04.2021. No meeting was held in the financial year

2021-22 till the date of his superannuation.

SHARE TRANSFER COMMITTEE

This Committee of the Board comprising of Chairperson &: Managing

letter

dated 27.10.2020, approval was accorded to IWAI for handing over three vessels i.e. (i) M.V. Rabindra Nath Tagore, (ii) M.V. Lal Bahadur

Shastri and (iii) M.V. Homi Bhabha to SCI. M/s Inland& Coastal Shipping Limited (ICSL), a wholly owned subsidiary of SCI took over MV RN

Tagore on 22.01.2021 and MV Lal Bahadur Shastri on 26.02.2021 under the MOU signed with Inland Waterways Authority of India (IWAI)

for operation and management of three cargo vessels. Third vessel MV Homi Bhabha is presently non-operational and will be taken over by

ICSL after she is made operational by IWAI .MV R. N. Tagore and MV Lal Bahadur Shastri are presently operating on NW1.

Further, the Company has incorporated a Wholly Owned Subsidiary in the name and style of “Shipping Corporation of India Land and Assets

Limited” with CIN- U70109MH2021GOI371256 on 10th November, 2021 pursuant to the approval of the Board of Directors based on the

concurrence given by the Ministry of Ports, Shipping and Waterways and NITI Aayog for Hiving-off the Non-Core Assets of the Company as

a part of Demerger under SCI’s Strategic Disinvestment process undertaken by the Government of India. The Company is non-operational

as on date of this report.

DISCLOSURES

During the year under review, the Company has not entered into financial or other transactions of material nature with its Promoters, the

Directors, and senior management that may have potential conflict with the interests of the Company at large. It may be noted that effective

from 01.04.2021 till 06.12.2021, SCI was non-compliant with provisions of regulation 17(1) of SEBI (LODR) Regulation, 2015 i.e. not

having requisite number of Independent Directors on the Board and also non-compliant with the requirement of having at least One Woman

Independent Director on the Board.

The BSE and NSE had, during the financial year 2021-22, levied penalties on the Company for the non-compliance of provisions of Regulation

17(1) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 for the Quarter ending June 2021, September 2021 and December 2021.In this regard, The

Company requested the Stock Exchanges for waiver of the penalties levied. In response, the BSE waived off the penalties levied for Quarter

ended September 2018, December 2018, June 2019, September 2019, June 2020, September 2020 and December 2020 with respect to

Non-Compliance of Regulation 17 (1) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. Whereas, NSE waived off the penalties levied for quarter ended

September 2018, December, 2018, June, 2019 and September, 2019 and further NSE also directed to first ensure the Compliance and then

file the request for waiver of penalty.

SCI is the Navratna Public Sector Undertaking (PSU), hence the Ministry of Ports, Shipping and Waterways nominates Directors on Board of

SCI. The company has to follow the policies of the Ministry of Ports, Shipping and Waterways. The matter regarding appointment of requisite

number of Independent Directors have been taken up regularly with the Administrative Ministry.

It may further be noted that such non-compliance is not due to any negligence/default of the Company.

Further, the Ministry vide: letter dated 22nd November, 2021 had conveyed the appointment of below mentioned five (5) Non – official Part-

time (Independent)

Managing Director

(CMD) of the company consequent to her Superannuation. After cessation of Smt. H. K. Joshi, the company was then compliant with

the requirements of SEBI (LODR) Regulation 2015 and DPE guidelines till 12.06.2022. Subsequently, Shri C.I. Acharya was appointed

as Director (Finance) of the company with effect from 13.06.2022 after which the Company had 5 Functional Directors, 2 Government

Nominee Directors and 6 Independent Directors due to which company does not comply with the requirements of Regulation 17 of SEBI

(LODR) Regulation, 2015. The Matter was taken up with the Ministry vide letters dated 20.05.2022 and 22.06.2022 with a request to appoint

requisite number of Independent Directors on the Board of Company. Accordingly, the Company vide: letter dated 09.12.2021, 22.02.2022

and 17.06.2022 requested the Stock Exchanges to waive off all penalties levied till date for the Non-Compliance of Regulation 17 of the SEBI

(LODR) Regulation, 2015 stating that it is the Administrative Ministry which nominates

Managing Director and Director (Finance)/ Chief Financial Officer on the financial statements of the

Company and on the matters which were required to be certified according to the Regulation17 (8) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 was

placed before the Board.

RIGHT TO INFORMATION ACT, 2005

Right to Information Act, 2005 (RTI) which became effective on 12th October, 2005. Your company always complies with RTI Act. Detailed

information on RTI is hosted on SCI Website under following link http://shipindia.com/rti/rtipage/rti-act-2005 and updated the same from

time to time as per the guidelines received from concerned authority. Shri S.R. Bandekar, GM (B&T) was the Public Information Officer (PIO)

for the year 2021-22, to deal with queries received from the Indian Citizens under RTI. Presently as on date, Mrs. Soma Tandon, DGM (IT)

has been appointed as Public Information Officer for RTI.

Compliance with Discretionary Requirements under Regulation 27(1) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015.

A. Maintenance of Office and reimbursement of expenses of Non-Executive Chairman

As the Company has an Executive Chairman, the requirements of this clause are not applicable.

B. Key Managerial Personnel

Shri Dipankar Haldar has ceased to be the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company on 01.02.2022.

Further, the Board of Directors at their Meeting held on 31.01.2022 have appointed Smt Swapnita Vikas Yadav, a qualified Company Secretary

bearing ACS Number – 64626 as the new Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company with effect from 01.02.2022.

Shri Rajesh Sood, Director (Technical & Offshore Services) completed his tenure on the Board of the Company consequent to his

superannuation on 30.04.2021.

Shri Prabir Kumar Gangopadhyay was appointed by the Ministry of Ports, Shipping and Waterways as a Whole-Time Director (Personnel

and Administration) w.e.f 07.09.2021.

Smt. H. K. Joshi, Chairperson and: Managing

Managing Director Additional Charge & Director (B&T)

DECLARATION OF COMPLIANCE OF CODE OF CONDUCT BY CHAIRMAN &: MANAGING DIRECTOR

The Company has adopted a Code of Conduct for the Board Members and Senior Management of the Company, which has been posted on

the website of the Company.

It is hereby affirmed that all the Directors & Senior Management personnel have complied with the Code of Conduct for the financial year

2021-2022 and a confirmation to this effect has been obtained from the Directors & Senior Management personnel.

Place: Mumbai

Dated: 05.08.2022

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Sd/-

Shri Atul Ubale

letter dated 22/11/2021 had conveyed the appointments of 5 Non-Executive Independent Directors

including one Woman Independent Director. Consequently, the Corporation is compliant with the provisions of Regulation 17(1) (a) and (b)

of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 – composition of the Board of Directors with effect from 07.12.2021.

I further report that the compliance by the Company of applicable financial laws like direct and indirect tax laws has not been reviewed in this

audit since the same has been subject to review by statutory financial audit and other designated professionals.

I further report that –

• The Board of Directors of the Company is constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors and Inde-

pendent Directors subject to observations made hereinabove.

• The changes in the composition of the Board of Directors that took place during the year under review were carried out in compliance

with the provisions of the Act.

• Adequate notice is given to all the directors to schedule the Board Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on agenda were sent at least

seven days in advance and a system exists for seeking and obtaining further information and clarifications on the agenda items before

the meeting and for meaningful participation at the meeting.

• As per the minutes of the meeting duly recorded and signed by the chairperson and confirmed by the management, the decisions of

the Board were unanimous and no dissenting views have been recorded.

I further report that there are adequate systems and processes in the Corporation commensurate with the size and operation of the Corpo-

ration to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.

I further report that during the audit period the Corporation had no specific events/actions having a major bearing on the Corporation’s affairs

in pursuance to the laws, rules, regulations, guidelines, standards, etc. referred to above except that-

(1) The Corporation has initiated the process of Demerging of its Non-Core assets into Shipping Corporation of India Land and Assets

Limited (“Resulting Company”).

UDIN: F002727D000584715

Peer Review Certificate No: 1882/2022

Place: Mumbai

Date: 07/07/2022

(U.C. SHUKLA)

COMPANY SECRETARY

FCS: 2727/CP: 1654

Note: This report is to be read with my: letter of even date which is annexed as ‘ANNEXURE A’ and forms an integral part of this report.

FORM MR3 SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

letter dated 22.11.2021. the Ministry of Ports,

Shipping and Waterways had conveyed the appointment of 5

Non- Executive Independent Directors including one Woman In-

dependent Director on the Board of SCI. Consequently, the listed

Entity is compliant with the provisions of Regulation 17(1) (a)

and (b) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 – composition of the

Board of Directors w.e.f. 07.12.2021.:

letter, debar-

ment, etc.

Observations/ remarks of the Practicing Company

Secretary, if any.

1)

a) BSE Limited

b) National Stock

Exchange

of

India

Limited

(NSE)

R e g u l a t i o n

17(1) (a) and (b)

of SEBI (LODR)

Reg.

2015

for not having

required number

of Independent

Directors.

SCI has received letters dated

20/08/2021, 22/11/2021,

and

21/02/2022

from

National Stock Exchange of

India Ltd. and letters dated

20/08/2021,

22/11/2021,

and 21/02/2022 from BSE

Ltd., levying penalty for

non-compliance

of

the

provisions of Reg. 17(1)

(a) and (b) of SEBI (LODR)

Regulations, 2015 [for not

having required number of

Independent Directors on the

Board and not having Woman

Independent Director on the

Board]

The Company has requested the BSE and NSE for waiver

of penalty as SCI being a Central Public Sector Enterprise,

the appointment of the Director is done on the basis of

nominations received from the Administrative Ministry i.e.

the Ministry of Ports, Shipping and Waterways (MoPSW).

Response from BSE for waiver of penalty against their: letter dated 20/08/2021, 22/11/2021 and 21/02/2022 is

still awaited. NSE in response to the Company’s request

of waiver, had directed to first ensure compliance and then

submit the request for waiver.

Further, the listed entity is compliant with the provisions of

Regulation 17(1) (a) and (b) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations,

2015 – composition of the Board of

letter dated 10.08.2020.

Further, the unutilized amount of Rs. 13.07 crores

has been disclosed as liability after adjusting

the expenses net of income against the subsidy

amount as on 31.03.2022. The balance amount is

placed in Fixed Deposit and Interest earned against

such deposit will be remitted to the Consolidated

Fund of India after finalisation of accounts. Also,

the same is in compliance with the provisions of

Ind AS 20 Government Grants.

Impact

b) Related to Myanmar Service, the Company has

accounted and utilised the grant as per its terms

and conditions and the amount spent in excess of

the grant amounting to Rs.4.67 crores is shown as

receivable and provision for doubtful advances is

created on the same.

No Impact

ANNEXURE TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT:

Managing Director

Director (Finance), Addl. Charge

DIN - 07085755

Mumbai, Dated the 6th May, 2022

Mumbai, Dated the 6th May, 2022

The Shipping Corporation of India Limited

Standalone Balance Sheet

(All amounts in INR lakhs, unless otherwise stated):

Managing Director

Director (Finance), Addl. Charge

DIN - 07085755

Mumbai, Dated the 6th May, 2022

Mumbai, Dated the 6th May, 2022:

Managing Director

Director (Finance), Addl. Charge

DIN - 07085755

Mumbai, Dated the 6th May, 2022

Mumbai, Dated the 6th May, 2022

STANDALONE CASH FLOW STATEMENT

The Shipping Corporation of India Limited

Standalone Cash Flow Statement

(All amounts in INR lakhs, unless otherwise stated):

Managing Director

Director (Finance), Addl. Charge

DIN - 07085755

Mumbai, Dated the 6th May, 2022

Mumbai, Dated the 6th May, 2022

STANDALONE STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

The Shipping Corporation of India Limited

Standalone Statement of Changes in Equity

(All amounts in INR lakhs, unless otherwise stated):

letter dated 08th May 2018 has advised SCI to go ahead with the dissolution of IHSC.

Under Ind AS, investment in Irano Hind has been written off during FY 16-17 to reflect its fair value.Futher the said investment has been

included in the list of non core assets of Demerger Scheme.

b) The Company entered into a joint venture agreement with Steel Authority of India Ltd. with participation interest in the ratio of 50:50 and

promoted a jointly controlled entity SAIL SCI Shipping Company Pvt. Ltd. (SSSPL). The said company was incorporated on 19.05.2010 with

an authorised share capital of Rs 1000 lakhs. The Company has subscribed equity capital of 100000 shares of Rs 10 each amounting to

Rs 10 lakhs. As per current status the company is striked off. Under Ind AS,investment in SSSPL has been written down during FY 15-16

to reflect its fair value.Futher the said investment has been included in the list of non core assets of Demerger Scheme.

NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(All amounts in INR lakhs, unless otherwise stated):

letter dated 22.04.2022 has directed SCI to expedite the process of de-merger of non-core assets of SCI to SCILAL and

also requested the Board of SCI to review the demerger scheme for demerging the non-core assets of SCI to SCILAL including Shipping

House, Mumbai and MTI, Powai to complete the process of de-merging all the non-core assets to the new company SCILAL on immediate

basis prior to the completion of Share Purchase Agreement and suggested certain modification in the Scheme. Such modifications do

not have any impact on carrying value of non core assets in the financial statements. The implementation of the Scheme including the

modified scheme is in process and considering the reiteration by MoPSW and DIPAM to expedite the demerger process, there is a certainty

of completion of the process in the near future, and accordingly, the relevant disclosures with continued accounting effects have been

considered in the financial statements.

Note 45

The Company has the practice of seeking confirmations of balances from all the parties in respect of the Trade Receivables, Trade Payables

and Deposits. . During the year, the Company has sent letters to all such parties seeking confirmations of balances. There are fewer responses

to the confirmation requests. The company is in the process of following up with the parties for the purpose of recovery / payment of dues.

In case of Trade Receivables, 52% of the Total Trade receivables pertains to Government and public Sector Undertaking customers. While the

reconciliation is an on-going process, the management does not expect any material difference affecting the financial results due to the same.

Note 46

The Parliament has approved the Code on Social Security, 2020 which subsumes the Provident Fund and the Gratuity Act and rules there

under. The Ministry of Labour and Employment has also released draft rules thereunder on 13th November 2020 and has invited suggestion

from stakeholders. The Central Government on 30th March 2021 has deferred the implementation of the said Code and the date on which the

Code will come into effect has not been notified. The Company will assess the impact of the Code when it comes into effect and will account

for the same once the Code becomes effective.

Note 47

The Board of Directors recommended a dividend of Rs 0.33/- per equity share of face value of Rs. 10/- each. The outgo on this account will

be approximately Rs. 1,551 Lakhs, subject to the approval of members at the ensuing Annual General Meeting.

Note 48

On March 24, 2021, The Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) through a notification, amended Schedule III of the Companies Act, 2013. The

amendment has revised Division I, II, and III of Schedule III and are applicable from April 1, 2021. The Company has implemented the same.

Note 49

The company has paid Rs. 100 lakhs to its subsidiary Inland & Coastal Shipping Ltd. (ICSL) towards share application money against the

rights issue of the subsidiary during FY 2020-21. The shares has been alloted during FY 2021-22.

Note 50

The Company is undertaking a review of all open charges as per MCA records and taking necessary action for filing of satisfaction of charges

for which liability has already been discharged.

NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(All amounts in INR lakhs, unless otherwise stated):

Managing Director

Director (Finance), Addl. Charge

DIN - 07085755

Mumbai, Dated the 6th May, 2022

Mumbai, Dated the 6th May, 2022

NOTES TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(All amounts in INR lakhs, unless otherwise stated):

letter dated 10.08.2020.

Further, the unutilized amount of Rs.13.07

crores has been disclosed as liability after

adjusting the expenses net of income against

the subsidy amount as on 31.03.2022. The

balance amount is placed in Fixed Deposit and

Interest earned against such deposit will be

remitted to the Consolidated Fund of India after

finalisation of accounts. Also, the same is in

compliance with the provisions of Ind AS 20

Government Grants.

Impact

b) Related to Myanmar Service, the Company

has accounted and utilised the grant as per its

terms and conditions and the amount spent

in excess of the grant amounting to Rs.4.67

crores is shown as receivable and provision

for doubtful advances is created on the same

No Impact

ANNEXURE TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT:

Managing Director

Director (Finance), Addl. Charge

DIN - 07085755

Mumbai, Dated the 6th May, 2022

Mumbai, Dated the 6th May, 2022

The Shipping Corporation of India Limited

Consolidated Balance Sheet

(All amounts in INR lakhs, unless otherwise stated):

Managing Director

Director (Finance), Addl. Charge

DIN - 07085755

Mumbai, Dated the 6th May, 2022

Mumbai, Dated the 6th May, 2022

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS:

Managing Director

Director (Finance), Addl. Charge

DIN - 07085755

Mumbai, Dated the 6th May, 2022

Mumbai, Dated the 6th May, 2022

CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT

The Shipping Corporation of India Limited

Consolidated Cash flow statement

(All amounts in INR lakhs, unless otherwise stated):

Managing Director

Director (Finance), Addl. Charge

DIN - 07085755

Mumbai, Dated the 6th May, 2022

Mumbai, Dated the 6th May, 2022

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

The Shipping Corporation of India Limited

(All amounts in INR lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

Consolidated Statements of changes in Equity:

letter dated 08th May 2018 has advised SCI to go ahead with the dissolution of IHSC.

Under Ind AS, investment in Irano Hind has been written off during FY 16-17 to reflect its fair value.

Futher the said investment has been included in the list of non core assets of Demerger Scheme.

b) The Company entered into a joint venture agreement with Steel Authority of India Ltd. with participation interest in the ratio of

50:50 and promoted a jointly controlled entity SAIL SCI Shipping Company Pvt. Ltd. (SSSPL). The said company was incorporated on

19.05.2010 with an authorised share capital of Rs 1000 lakhs. The Company has subscribed equity capital of 100000 shares of Rs 10

each amounting to Rs 10 lakhs. As per current status the company is striked off. Under Ind AS, investment in SSSPL has been written

down during FY 15-16 to reflect its fair value.Futher the said investment has been included in the list of non core assets of Demerger

Scheme.”

Non-recurring fair value measurements

Investments classified as held for sale during the reporting period is measured at the lower of its carrying amount and fair value less costs

to sell at the time of the reclassification, resulting in the recognition of a write down of Rs 42 lakhs as impairment loss in the statement

of profit and loss in FY 2016-17 . The fair value of the investments were determined using the book value approach. This is a level 3

measurement as per the fair value hierarchy as set out in fair value measurement disclosures (refer note 37).

* Shares have pledged to banks against loans given by them

Note 12: Equity Share capital

Particulars

31 March 2022

31 March 2021

Authorised

1,00,00,00,000 [31 March 2021: 1,00,00,00,000 ]

Equity Shares of INR 10 each

1,00,000

1,00,000

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(All amounts in INR lakhs, unless otherwise stated):

letter dated 22.04.2022 has directed SCI to expedite the process of de-merger of non-core assets of SCI to SCILAL and

also requested the Board of SCI to review the demerger scheme for demerging the non-core assets of SCI to SCILAL including Shipping

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(All amounts in INR lakhs, unless otherwise stated):

letter

dated 08th May 2018 has advised SCI to go ahead with the dissolution of IHSC. Therefore IHSC has been excluded from the consolidation

SAIL SCI Shipping Pvt Ltd. has been excluded from the consolidation procedures as the joint venture is held for disposal. Investment is

considered as Non Core Asset as per demerger scheme, hence classified under “Assets Held for Demerger”

Note 55: Interest in Other Entities

(a) Information about subsidiaries

The Group has the following investments in subsidiaries:

SN

Name of the subsidiary

Principal

place of

business

Principal

activities

Proportion (%) of ownership

31 March,

2022

31 March,

2021

1

Inland & Coastal Shipping Limited

India

Inland

Waterways

100%

100%

2

Shipping Corporation Of India Land and Assets Limited

India

Holding and Disposing the

Non Core assets of SCI

100%

-

(b) Interest in associate and joint ventures

(i) Set out below are the associates and joint ventures of the Group as at 31 March 2022 which, in the opinion of the directors, are material

to the Group. The entities listed below have share capital consisting solely of equity shares, which are held directly by the Group, and the

proportion of ownership interests held equals the voting rights held by the Group.

SN

Name of the subsidiary

Principal

place of

business

Principal

activities

Proportion (%) of

ownership

Carrying Value

31 March,

2022

31 March,

2021

31 March,

2022

31 March,

2021

1

India LNG Transport Co. (No. 1) Ltd.

Malta

LNG Carriers

29.08%

29.08%

17,596

13,919

2

India LNG Transport Co. (No. 2) Ltd.

Malta

LNG Carriers

29.08%

29.08%

18,289

14,319

3

India LNG Transport Co. (No. 3) Ltd.

Malta

LNG Carriers

26.00%

26.00%

1,593

-

4

India LNG Transport Co. (No. 4) Pvt Ltd.

Singapore

LNG Carriers

26.00%

26.00%

9,726

6,834

5

Irano Hind Shipping Co. Ltd.

Iran

Shipping

49.00%

49.00%

-

-

6

Sail SCI Shipping Pvt. Ltd

India

Shipping

50.00%

50.00%

7

7

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(All amounts in INR lakhs, unless otherwise stated):

Managing Director

Director (Finance), Addl. Charge

DIN - 07085755

Mumbai, Dated the 6th May, 2022

Mumbai, Dated the 6th May, 2022

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(All amounts in INR lakhs, unless otherwise stated):

Letter of Credit

A: letter of credit in which the specified payment is guaranteed by the issuing

bank if all terms and conditions are met by the drawee. It is as good as the

issuing bank.

ISO (International Organization for Standardization)

An independent, non-governmental standard-setting body composed of

representatives from 165 national standards organisations. International

standards give world-class specifications for products, services and

systems to ensure quality, safety and efficiency. They are instrumental in

facilitating international trade.

ISO 9001

The international management systems standard concerned with quality

management – what an organisation does to ensure customer need and

expectations and applicable regulatory requirements, and continually to

improve its quality performance.

Kamsarmax

A Kamsarmax type bulk carrier is basically a 82,000 dwt Panamax with an

increased LOA = 229 m (for Port Kamsar in Equatorial Guinea).

LCL

Less than Container Load, consolidated container load.

LDT (Light Displacement Tonnage)

Light Displacement Ton (Tonnage). It is also called Displacement Light

Weight of the vessel without stores, bunker, fresh water, cargo and

passengers. Usually used for vessels for scrapping.

*LNG (Liquefied Natural Gas)

Natural gas changes to a liquid at – 162C, creating LNG. When liquefied,

the gas is reduced to 1/600th of its original volume making it economic to

transport in specially designed

LNG (Liquefied Natural Gas)

Natural gas will liquefy at a temperature of approximately -259 F or -160

C at atmospheric pressure. One cubic foot of liquefied gas will expand to

approximately 600 cubic feet of gas at atmospheric pressure.

LNGC

(LNG Carrier) An ocean-going ship specially constructed to carry LNG in

tanks at -160 C. Current average carrying capacity of LNGs is 125,000

cubic metres. Many LNGCs presently under construction or on order are in

the 210,000 – 215,000 cubic metre range.

Liquefied Petroleum Gas (LPG)

Not to be confused with LNG, LPG is often called ‘propane’ as it is made of

various mixtures of propane and other similar types of hydrocarbon gases.

These hydrocarbons are gases at rooms temperature, but turn to liquid

when they are compressed. LPG is stored in special tanks that keep it under

pressure, so it stays a liquid. While the room distribution of LNG requires

heavy infrastructure investments, LPG is more easily transported.

Load Line

The waterline corresponding to the maximum draft to which a vessel

is permitted to load, either by freeboard regulations, the conditions of

classification, or the conditions of service.

Marine Cargo Insurance

Broadly, insurance covering loss of, or damage to, goods at sea. Marine

insurance typically compensates the owner of merchandise for losses in

excess of those which can be legally recovered from the carrier that are

sustained from fire, shipwreck, piracy, and various other causes. Three

of the most common types of marine insurance coverage are “free of

particular average” (f.p.a.), “with average” (w.a.), and “All Risks Coverage.”

Maritime Labour Convention

The international Labour Organization’s Convention, known as ‘MLC, 2006’

came into force in August 2013, effectively becoming binding in international

law. It is currently ratified by 56 ILO member states responsible for regulating

conditions for seafarers on more than 80% of the world’s gross tonnage of

ships. It establishes minimum working and living standards on those ships.

MR: Medium Range Tanker, mostly refers to the product tanker with DWT in

the range between 25000-54999 tons.

Net Tonnage (NT)

The replacement, since 1994, for “Net Register Tonnage.” Theoretically the

cargo capacity of the ship. Sometimes used to charge fees or taxes on a

vessel. The formula is(0.2+0.02 log10(Vc)) Vc (4d/3D)2, where Vc is the

volume of cargo holds, D is the distance between ship’s bottom and the

uppermost deck, d is the draught) “Ton” is figured as a 100 cubic foot ton.

An approximate conversion ratio is 1NT = 1.7GT and 1GT = 1.5DWT.

Non–Vessel Operating Common Carrier (NVOCC)

A cargo consolidator in ocean trades who will buy space from a carrier and

sub–sell it to smaller shippers. The NVOCC issues bills of lading, publishes

tariffs and otherwise conducts itself as an ocean common carrier, except

that it will not provide the actual ocean or intermodal service.

O.E.C.D.

Organization of Economic Cooperation and Development, headquartered in

Paris with membership consisting of the world’s developed nations.

On Board

A notation on a bill of lading that cargo has been loaded on board a vessel.

Used to satisfy the requirements of a letter of credit, in the absence of an

express requirement to the contrary.

On Deck

A notation on a bill of lading that the cargo has been stowed on the open

GLOSSARY

Letter of Credit as the means

of payment, a Pro Forma Invoice from the beneficiary of such: Letter of

Credit, usually the exporter, is required by the L/C issuing bank.

Project Cargo

This is a term normal referred to when shipping cargo air or sea, which

does not fall within standard methods. i.e. over-height, or oversize cargo

which requires special equipment and handle.

PSV

A Platform supply vessel (often abbreviated as PSV) is a ship specially

designed to supply offshore oil platforms. These ships range from 20

to 100 meters in length and accomplish a variety of tasks. The primary

function for most of these vessels is transportation of goods and personnel

to and from offshore oil platforms and other offshore structures

Roll-on, Roll-off (RORO)

A type of ship designed to load and discharge cargo which rolls on wheels

or tracks.

Shipping Mark

The letters, numbers or other symbols placed on the outside of cargo to

facilitate identification.

Shipping Weight

Shipping weight represents the gross weight in kilograms of shipments,

including the weight of moisture content, wrappings, crates, boxes, and

containers (other than cargo vans and similar substantial outer containers).

Starboard

The right side of a ship when facing the bow.

Stern

The end of a vessel. Opposite of bow.

Stevedore

Individual or firm that employs longshoremen and who contracts to load or

unload the ship.

Suezmax Tanker

Suezmax is a naval architecture term for the largest ship measurements

capable of transiting the Suez canal in a laden condition, and is almost

exclusively used in reference to tankers. Since the canal has no locks, the

only serious limiting factors are draft (maximum depth below waterline) and

height due to the Suez Canal Bridge. The current channel depth of the canal

allows for a maximum of 20.1 m (66 ft) of draft. The typical deadweight of

a Suezmax ship is about 160,000 tons.

Supramax

Bulk carriers with a capacity between 50,000 and 60,000 dwt. These

‘bulkers’ are well suited for small ports with length and draught restrictions,

or ports lacking transshipment infrastructure.

Tare Weight

The weight of a ULD and tie down materials without the weight of the goods

it contains.

Through Bill of Lading

A single bill of lading covering receipt of the cargo at the point of origin

for delivery to the ultimate consignee, using two or more modes of

transportation.

Time Charter (TC)

A time charter is the hiring of a vessel for a specific period of time; the owner

still manages the vessel but the charterer selects the ports and directs the

vessel where to go. The charterer pays for all fuel the vessel consumes,

port charges, commissions, and a daily hire to the owner of the vessel.

Transshipment

Transshipment refers to the act of sending an exported product through an

intermediate country before routing it to the country intended to be its final

destination.

*Twenty-Foot Equivalent Unit (TEU)

The measure used for container capacity, a teu is a volume measurement

equal to one standard 20 ft (length 6.1 meter; approximately 39 cubic

meters) container.

Twenty-Foot Equivalent Unit (TEU)

TEU is a measure of a ship’s cargo-carrying capacity. One TEU measures

twenty feet by eight feet by eight feet -- the dimensions of a standard

twenty-foot container. An FEU equals two TEUs.

Ultimate Consignee

The ultimate consignee is the person located abroad who is the true party in

interest, receiving the export for the designated end-use.

ULCC

Ultra Large Crude Carrier. A tanker in excess of 320,000dwt.

VLCC

Very Large Crude Carrier. A tanker of 200,000 to 319,000dwt. It can carry

about 2 million barrels of crude oil.

Wharfage

A charge assessed by a pier or dock owner for handling incoming or

outgoing cargo.

Worldscale

Worldscale is a unified system of establishing payment of freight rate for a

given oil tanker’s cargo. Worldscale was established in November 1952 by

London Tanker Brokers’ Panel on the request of British Petroleum and Shell

as an average total cost of shipping oil from one port to another by ship. A

large table was created for this purpose.

GLOSSARY

