letter dated 29th July' 2}z2,pursuant to Regulation 34(1) of the SEBI

(LoDR) Regulations 2015, we are enclosing revised notice of 48th Annual General

Meeting by including item no 7 i.e "Amendment to the main object clause and objects

incidental or ancillary to the attainment of the main object clause of Memorandum of

Association of Coal India Limited" and changes in Annual Report & Accounts 2021-22

due to inclusion of revised Annexure-l and Annexure-2 of Annexure-4 of Directors Report

i.e The comments of the Comptroller and Auditor General of India on the Consolidated

Financial Statements of Coal India Limited and Management Reply, have been sent to

shareholders by mail on date. CIL AGM is scheduled to be held on 30th August'2022 at

11.00 AM, IST through Video Conferencing ("VC")/Other Audio Visual Means

("oAvM").

Other details are the same as mentioned in: letter dated 29thJuly'2022'

Revised AGM Notice and Revised Annual Report & Accounts 2021'22 are enclosed

herewith.

This is for your information and records please.

Dated:05.08.2022

To,

Listing Department,

National Stock Exchange of India Limited,

Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,

Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051.

Ref: ISIN - tNE522F0l0l4

Yours faithfully,

$r1au.

(M. Vi swanathan/gq'Grffir?i"r)

Company SecretarY/*ffi Hk{

& Compliance Officer/ffiriiq dfrtr<

Encl: As above

Managing Director, CCL.

Shri Bhola Singh

:

Chairman-cum-: Managing

letter no 21/28/2021-ESTABLISHMENT dated 8th July' 2022. He is liable to

retire by rotation.

Special Business: - Special Resolution

ITEM No. 7

To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following resolution as a Special Resolution:

"RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Section 13 of the Companies Act, 2013 (including any amendments thereto or re-enactment thereof) (the "Act")

subject to such other approvals, permission and consents as may be required, the following amendments to Memorandum of Association of the

Company be and are hereby inserted as under-

Clause III (A)- Main objects to be pursued by the company after its incorporation

Insertion after clause no 12 in III(A)

"13. Aluminium Business Value Chain

To carry on all kinds of business in India or abroad relating to primary and secondary aluminum products, bauxite, alumina, downstream

aluminum products, any other product in the aluminium value chain or any product in which aluminium or aluminium by-products or

aluminium waste is used and carry on activities including but not limited to producing, buying, selling, trading, importing, exporting, dealing

processing, mining, accumulating, acquiring, sourcing, leasing, distributing, transferring, preserving, mixing, financing, supplying contracting,

consuming, manufacturing, conducting, research and development of any or all of the products in the aluminium value chain.

To own, plan, create, promote, organize, execute, finance, develop, run, manage, advise, assist, aid, collaborate for an efficient development and

maintenance of thermal power plant in India or abroad to generate power to sell or captive consumption.

14. Renewable Energy Business Value Chain

To carry on all kinds of business in India or abroad relating to components, equipment or direct/indirect materials for all forms of clean or

renewable energy and carry on activities including but not limited to producing, buying, selling, trading importing, exporting, dealing processing,

mining, accumulating acquiring, sourcing leasing, distributing, transferring, preserving, mixing, financing, supplying, contracting, consuming,:

Letter etc. by clicking on "Upload

Board Resolution / Authority: Letter" displayed under "e-Voting" tab in their login.

10.

Non-Resident Indian Members are requested to inform M/s Alankit Assignments Limited, immediately of:

i)

Change in their residential status on return to India for permanent settlement

ii)

Particulars of their bank account maintained in India with complete name, branch, account type, account number, IFSC code and

address of the bank with pin code number, if not furnished earlier.

11.

The Board of

letter on or before the record date in

order to enable the Company to determine the appropriate TDS rates. It is advisable to send the documents at the earliest so as to enable

the Company to collate the documents to determine the appropriate TDS rates. The certified copy of documents along with a request: letter

should be sent from your registered email to the company email id at comsecy.cil@coalindia.in and cil.taxdoc@coalindia.in.

y

@

@

(iii)

No communication relating to tax determination/deduction received after the record date i.e 12th August' 2022 or in any email ids other

than those mentioned above shall be entertained for purpose of calculation of TDS for payment of the Final Dividend.

(iv)

In case tax on dividend is deducted at a higher rate in the absence of receipt of the aforementioned details / documents, you would still

have the option of claiming refund of the excess tax paid at the time of filing your income tax return. No claim shall lie against the

Company for such taxes deducted.

(v)

We also request you to submit / update your bank account details with your Depository Participant, in case you are holding shares in the

electronic form. In case your shareholding is in the physical form, you will have to submit a scanned copy of a covering letter, duly signed

by the first shareholder, along with a cancelled cheque leaf with your name and bank account details and a copy of your PAN card, duly

self-attested, to Alankit Assignments Ltd at 4E/2, Jhandewalan Extension New Delhi-110055. This will facilitate receipt of dividend directly

into your bank account. In case the cancelled cheque leaf does not bear your name, please attach a copy of the bank pass-book statement,

duly self-attested. We also request you to register/update your email IDs and mobile numbers with Depositories / RTA at Alankit

Assignments Ltd. 4E/2, Jhandewalan Extension New Delhi-110055.

40% (plus applicable

NA

surcharge and cess)

Shareholders identified as

'specified persons' for the

purpose of higher deduction of

tax as per 'Compliance Check

Facility' made available by the

Income-tax

department

(Section 206AB of the Act)

Without PAN/ Invalid PAN

20% (plus applicable

NA

(Section 206AA of the Act)

surcharge and cess)

Rate provided in the

Order

Submitting Order u/s 197 (i.e.

lower or NIL withholding tax

certificate)

Lower/NIL withholding tax certificate obtained from tax authority. Tax will be deducted

at the rate specified in the said certificate, subject to furnishing a self-attested copy of

the same. The certificate should be valid for the FY 2022-23 and should cover the

dividend income.

NIL

Self-declaration substantiating the fulfillment of conditions prescribed under section

10(23FE) of the Act.

Sovereign Wealth Fund,

Pension Funds, Other bodies

notified under section 10(23FE)

of the Act

30%

-

Non-Resident Shareholders

who are tax residents of

Notified Jurisdictional Area as

defined under Section 94A(1)

of the Act

letter etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote,

to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to aditijhunjhunwala23@gmail.com with a copy marked to

j

j

@g

evoting@nsdl.co.in. Institutional shareholders

g@

(i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority: Letter etc. by clicking

on "Upload Board Resolution / Authority Letter" displayed under "e-Voting" tab in their login.

2.

Any person holding shares in physical form and non-individual shareholders, who acquires shares of the Company and becomes member

of the Company after the notice is sent through e-mail and holding shares as of the cut-off date i.e. 23rd August'2022 may obtain the login

ID and password by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in

g@

or Issuer/RTA. However, if you are already registered with NSDL for remote

e-voting, then you can use your existing user ID and password for casting your vote. If you forgot your password, you can reset your

password by using "Forgot User Details/Password" or "Physical User Reset Password" option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com

g

or call

on toll free no. 1800 1020 990 and 1800 22 44 30. In case of Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode who acquires

shares of the Company and becomes a Member of the Company after sending of the Notice and holding shares as of the cut-off date

i.e.23rd August'2022 may follow steps mentioned in the Notice of the AGM under Step 1:"Access to NSDL e-Voting system"(Above).

3.

It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep your password confidential.

Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In such an event, you will

need to go through the "Forgot User Details/Password?" or "Physical User Reset Password?" option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com

to reset the password.

4.

In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-voting user manual for Shareholders

available at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll free no.: 1800 1020 990 and 1800 22 44 30 or send a request

g

to Mr. Amit Vishal, AVP, NSDL and /or Ms. Pallavi Mhatre, Senior Manager, NSDL at evoting@nsdl.co.in.

g@

Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for procuring user id and password and registration

of e mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions set out in this notice:

1.

In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the share certificate (front and

back), PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to (Company email

id).

2.

In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master

or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of

Aadhar Card) to (Company email id). If you are an Individual shareholder holding securities in demat mode, you are requested to refer to

the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding

securities in demat mode.

3.

Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.co.in for procuring user id and password for e-voting by

g@

providing above mentioned documents.

4.

In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders holding

securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants.

Shareholders are required to update their mobile number and email ID correctly in their demat account in order to access e-Voting facility.

THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR e-VOTING ON THE DAY OF THE AGM ARE AS UNDER:-

1.

The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the AGM is same as the instructions mentioned above for remote e-voting.

2.

Only those Members/ shareholders, who will be present in the AGM through VC/OAVM facility and have not casted their vote on the

Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote on such resolutions through e-

Voting system during the AGM.

letter No. 21/28/2021-ESTABLISHMENT dated 8th July, 2022 from Ministry of Coal and subsequent Order No. CIL/C5A(IV)/D(BD)-CIL/B-

519 dated 8th July' 2022 from CIL, Board hereby 'takes on record' appointment of Shri Debasish Nanda as an Additional Director on the Board

of Coal India Limited from 11th July' 2022 and until further orders. He will hold office upto the date of next AGM or the last date on which AGM

should have been held or upto three months from the date of his appointment whichever is earlier."

"FURTHER RESOLVED THAT Company Secretary be and is hereby authorised to take further necessary action in the matter including filing

necessary forms, affixing digital signature and do all such acts and deeds that may be required to give effect to the above resolutions."

The Company has received a notice in writing under the provisions of Section 160 of the Companies Act, 2013 as amended, from a member

proposing the candidature of Shri Debasish Nanda as a director, to be appointed as such under the provisions of Section 152 of the Companies

Act, 2013. The Company has received from him (i) consent in writing to act as director in Form DIR 2 pursuant to Rule 8 of Companies

(Appointment & Qualification of Directors) Rules 2014, (ii) intimation in Form DIR 8 in terms of Companies (Appointment & Qualification of

Directors) Rules, 2014, to the effect that he is not disqualified under sub section (2) of Section 164 of the Companies Act, 2013 and that he is

not debarred by SEBI or any other authority from being appointed or continuing as a Director of a company. The approval of members is sought

for the appointment of Shri Debasish Nanda as a Director to function as Director(Business Development) of the Company from 11th July' 2022

till date of his superannuation or until further orders in terms of Ministry of Coal: letter no 21/28/2021/ESTABLISHMENT dated 8th July' 2022.

He is liable to retire by rotation.

Shri. Debasish Nanda has taken over as

Dear Shareholders,

I am delighted to welcome you all to 48th Annual General Meeting of your company, Coal India Limited. The Directors’ Report and Financial

Statements for the year ended 31st March’ 2022 together with the report of Statutory Auditors and report and review of Comptroller & Auditor

General of India are already with you. I am sure you are fully aware of physical & financial performance of your company.

1.

Importance of Coal and Coal India Limited

1.1 Coal

¾

In India, Coal is the engine of growth for the energy sector. Holding a share of around 55% of the country’s primary commercial

energy, Coal is still the bedrock of India’s energy needs.

¾

It was expected that the renewable energy sources will contribute to the country’s fast expanding energy basket. From environmental

perspective, this is a welcome move in view of the climate commitments made by India in COP 26 at Glasgow. But, till renewable

energy starts contributing to the extent that it could take over coal’s role, Coal cannot be dethroned from its energy pedestal.

¾

To give a perspective, out of the country’s electricity generation of 1,490.277 Billion Units (BU) in FY’22, coal based generation

accounted for 69.9% or1,041.459 Billion Units (BU). This represents a growth of 9.5% over the preceding year.

¾

In comparison, the generation from renewable energy sources was 11.4% or 169.396 BU of the total power generation of FY’22. This

amply underscores the importance of the need for judicious energy transition from coal to renewables.

¾

At a time when international coal prices are much higher, Coal India continues to supply its coal to the Indian consumers at highly

competitive prices, with no price increase over last four years.

¾

Coming back strongly from Covid-19 sluggish period, your company posted a record growth of 21.48% in supplies to power sector

during FY’22.

¾

This came even as coal imports of domestic coal based power plants, for blending purpose, shrunk by 22% to 8.10 MTs compared to

FY’21. And, the coal import slide by imported coal based power plants was 46.14% to 18.89 MTs. Domestic coal producers stepped

in to meet a large extent of the resultant gap with the bulk of supplies from CIL.

¾

Despite the increase in various input costs, especially diesel and explosives, your company still sustained its profitability registering

31.13% growth in PBT and 36.81% growth in PAT compared to FY’21.

¾

The entry of renewable energy sources should not be viewed as a threat to Coal’s standing at least in immediate future. Coal would

continue to fuel India’s electricity generation going by the current consumption pattern.

¾

Additionally, coal stokes many non-power industries as well viz. steel, cement, fertilizers, sponge iron, aluminium and a host of other

industries.

¾

Indian scenario is different from the rest of the world where the rallying cry is to move away from coal. What makes coal a preferred

energy fuel, in India, is its abundance, availability and affordability.

1.2

Coal India Limited

¾

With coal commanding such prominence in the Indian energy sector, Coal India Limited leads the country’s coal production

contributing to around 80% of the Nation’s entire coal output. Your company is committed to increase its production and supplies

to the mandated levels to ensure the country gets power at just price.

¾

In a country where 69.9% of the total electricity generation is coal based, your company virtually empowers the nation’s power sector.

CIL’s supplies to power sector exceed 80% of its entire despatch.

¾

CIL is also one of the largest contributors to the government ex-chequer – both Central and State – and also plays a crucial role in

country’s social fabric touching the lives of the countrymen in more ways than one under its corporate social responsibility umbrella.

2.

2021-22: A Year of record highs

¾

Your company’s physical performance during 2021-22 has scaled to a remarkable all-time high creating multiple records in production,

off-take, despatches to power sector and over burden removal (OBR).

¾

Turning out a strong financial performance as well, Gross Sales, Net Sales and Capital Expenditure have been the highest ever in 2021-

22. Profit After Tax has been the second highest during the year since the inception of the company.

¾

The commitment and perseverance exhibited by your company’s energy soldiers was exemplary, especially in shrugging off the Covid

induced placid growth and bouncing back strongly.

¾

Most subsidiaries of CIL have chipped in with their best performance to date. Those who could not clock growth, have still performed

commendably amid their own local problems and challenges.

¾

Officials at all levels of hierarchy right from CMDs of CIL’s subsidiary companies down to GMs, Area Managers have donned

leadership role in keeping the spirit up and elevating their respective company’s performance.:

Letter of Acceptance has been issued to 6 of the successful bidders for these MDO projects having a total capacity of 96.74 MTPA.

¾

Notice Inviting Tender for 7 more projects (5 OC and 2 UG) with capacity of 58.84 MTPA has been floated.

¾

During 2021-22, top 35 high yielding mines, whose progress CIL closely monitors for enhanced output, have contributed 468.35 MTs

which is 75.22% of the year’s total production of 622.63 MTs.

¾

3,731.05 Hectares of land was possessed during the year.

7.

Financial Performance

¾

Your company has achieved Profit Before Tax (PBT) of ` 23,616.28 Crores during the year registering a robust 31.13% growth

compared to ` 18,009.24 Crore PBT of FY’21.

¾

Profit After Tax (PAT), the second highest so far, at 17,378.42 Crores posted a strong growth of 36.81% over PAT of 12,702.17 Crores

earned in FY’21.

¾

During Q3 and Q4 Coal India recovered much of the ground in its profit after tax. (PAT) from a growth compression of 1% in Q2.

Third quarter’s PAT registered a sturdy 47.75% growth compared to same quarter of FY’21, while the fourth quarter witnessed

45.91% growth

¾

Your company has achieved its highest ever Gross Sales of ` 1,52,667.14 Crores and Net Sales of ` 1,00,623.37 Crores. While the

growth in gross sales over previous financial year is 20.41%, the growth in net sales rose sharply to 21.66%.

¾

Your Company and its Subsidiaries paid/adjusted ` 49678.36 crores towards Royalty, GST, GST Compensation Cess, Cess, District

Mineral Foundation (DMF), National Mineral Exploration Trust (NMET) and other levies.

7.1

Record Capex

¾

Your company’s capital expenditure of `15,400.96 crores in 2021-22 was the highest ever registering 15.94% growth compared to

the capex of ` 13,283.83 Crores of FY’21. What makes the growth all the more significant is that it comes on the back of a strong base.

Because, CIL’s capex during FY’21 more than doubled over the preceding fiscal’s ` 6,270 crores.

¾

FY’22 capex achieved 104.88% of the target of ` 14,685 Crores. The accomplishment comes at a time when Govt. of India had advised

CPSEs of the country to scale up their expenditure to boost the economy.

¾

For the second year in succession, capital expenditure shot over the target which is yet another record of its own.

¾

The capital expenditure, fully funded through internal resources, was driven up by many developments of your company like

accelerated HEMM procurement process, land acquisition, coal evacuation initiatives, rail infrastructure strengthening, timely contract

finalizations and execution, joint ventures etc.

¾

The year’s record capex will yield positive results to the company in ensuing years in terms of production and coal transportation.:

Managing Director

(DIN-00279727)

Dated: 26th July’ 2022

Place : Kolkata:

Managing Director of Madhya Pradesh

Paschim Kshetra Vidyut Vitaran Company, and as Chief Executive Officer of Madhya Pradesh Rural Development Authority.

He was the Collector of Morena and Mahasamund Districts of Madhya Pradesh. He brings with him rich repertoire of

managerial experience to Coal India Limited. He also served as Joint Secretary, then Department of Disinvestment,

Ministry of Finance, Government of India and as Director in Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports Government of India.

He received professional training in Project Appraisal and Risk Management from Duke University, Raleigh, USA;

Management of Technical Cooperation Projects from ILOTC Turin; Programme on Infrastructure Development and Financing

from IIM, Ahmedabad; Infrastructure Planning and Management from IIM, Bangalore; Study on Road Management

Policies and Practices from Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology, Melbourne. Sri Agrawal has several papers published

to his credit like "implementing Rural Roads Project in Madhya Pradesh" and "Procurement Reforms under PMGSY in

Madhya Pradesh". He is the recipient of "Award for Infrastructure Development by Housing and Urban Development

Corporation (HUDCO) for exceptional work done for PMGSY Project", "Red Cross Special Award for Improvement of

Medical Infrastructure while working as Collector of Morena District". He does not hold any shares of Coal India Limited.

Shri Vinod Kumar Tiwari [59] [DIN- 03575641] Additional Secretary, Ministry of Coal (April, 2019) a 1986 batch Indian

Forest Service officer of HP Cadre, holds double masters in Geology and Forestry besides certificate in German language.

In his career spanning over three decades, he served in various positions (HRD, IT, Legal, Personnel, Environment, Social

and RR and M&E) before his appointment (April, 2017) as Joint Secretary in Ministry of Tribal Affairs, Government of

India. He has served State Power Sector in various capacities for a decade including directorship in HP State PSU engaged

in Power generation. He was instrumental in registration of major CDM projects of hydro power sector under UNFCC

mechanism and also done WCD compliance besides various due diligences for carbon trading. He has streamlined NGO

grants process while making it an end-to-end online solution during his stint in Ministry of Tribal Affairs, Govt. of India.

He was instrumental in bringing Eklavya Model Residential Schools for Tribal Students under Centre's umbrella with

enhanced and assured support not only for education but also for the overall development of students. He has voluntarily

done two year's stint in climatically harsh, remote and difficult tribal area (Pangi Sub-Division, Chamba district) of H.P.

He has been pivotal in the development of several important policies in State Power Sector, State's Environment and

Forest Sector; besides CDM Project, WCD Compliance, EIA, EMP preparation and compliance monitoring etc. for

Environment Management and on the tribal welfare and tribal development. He has travelled far and wide and is trained

in various subjects in India and abroad. He has been a visiting faculty in the training academies of various services. He

has been contributing articles to newspapers and magazines. He is a Government Nominee Director in NCL. He does not

hold any shares of Coal India Limited.

Smt. Nirupama Kotru [53] [DIN-03575641] Joint Secretary & Financial Advisor, MOC, is an officer of the Indian Revenue

Service (Income Tax) of the 1992 batch. Born on 28 January, 1969, Nirupama Kotru has done her BA in Economics

(Hons.) from St. Stephen's College, Delhi University, and MA in Politics & International Relations from School of

International Studies, Jawaharlal Nehru University, Delhi. She has also done MA in Public Policy & Sustainable Development:

Managing Director (CMD) of Central:

Managing Director (CMD) of Bharat Coking Coal Limited (BCCL) and took charge in August 2019.

Shri Bhola Singh (58) [DIN-07788963] has been appointed as a permanent invitee in CIL Board w.e.f 13th Jan' 2022. He

has taken over the charge of CMD, NCL w.e.f 1st Jan' 2022. Prior to this, he was the Director (Technical), CCL on 15th

Jan 2019. Born in January 1964, Shri Singh completed B.Tech. (Hons.) in Mining Engineering from IIT, Kharagpur. He is

a professional mining engineer with 33 years of experience in reputed public and private sector organizations. Shri Bhola

Singh started his career with Northern Coalfields Limited (NCL) in 1987 as a Graduate Engineer Trainee. Working at NCL

at an early stage of career, benefited him professionally in achieving excellence in production, productivity, safety,

environment and overall mine management. Shri Singh introduced Cast Blasting & Eco-friendly Electronic detonation in

NCL mines. He has published many technical papers on blasting and rock fragmentation in journals of national and

international repute. In 2008, Shri Bhola Singh joined AES (an USA based MNC) as the Head of a Greenfield mining

project in Chhattisgarh. Later on, he worked for Manoharpur Coal Blocks allotted to Odisha Power Generation Corporation

(OPGC). Before joining CCL, Shri Singh has to his credit of working as the Project Director at Sasan Power Limited,

having the distinction of being the country's first Ultra Mega Power Project (6X660MW) catered through a highly mechanized

Moher & Moher Amlori Extension coal mining Project at Singrauli, Madhya Pradesh. Being at the helm of the affairs, Shri

Singh was responsible for delivering coal targets both qualitatively and quantitatively in maintaining sustainable power

generation which culminated in adoring the rare feat of supplying electricity to over 40 million customers across 7 states

at the cheapest tariff in the world. During his stint, the coal mine touched new benchmarks and got prestigious National

Safety Award from the Hon'ble President of India in 2017. Northern Coalfields Limited is going to be immensely

benefitted from the professional acumen and technical expertise of Shri Bhola Singh. He is poised to take the organization

in the most profitable direction and position of excellence through his leadership skills, open communication, teamwork

and positive approach.

Ms. Jaya Varma Sinha [59] belongs to Indian Railways Traffic Service (1986 Batch). She has been appointed as permanent

invitee in CIL Board w.e.f 27th Sep' 21. She is currently posted as the Additional Member Traffic Railway Board, Ministry

of Railways. She is responsible for operations and Policy Planning of the Indian Railways. In her career of over 30+ years

in railways, Ms. Sinha has risen through the management ranks of Indian Railways in progressively more responsible

operational and commercial positions. She was the first woman to be appointed Principal Chief Operation Manager of

the South Eastern Railway. She also worked as the Railway Advisor in the High Commission of India, in Dhaka, Bangladesh

for four years, during which time the Maitre Express from Kolkata to Dhaka was inaugurated. She has also been the

Divisional Railway Manager, Sealdah, Eastern Railway. Ms. Sinha is an alumnus of Allahabad University.:

letter no. 12024/05/

2021/R.B.(Impl.2), dated 18.01.2022. Total 58 PSUs located in Kolkata are its members.



An introductory meeting of TOLIC (PSUs), Kolkata was organized on 25.03.2022 at Kolkata under the chairmanship of Director

(P&IR), CIL.



Three departments of Coal India Ltd. were conferred with Rajbhasha Shield in Year 2021-22 for the best practices in Official

Language implementation in the year 2020-21.



In order to promote the use of Hindi in official work following schemes have been implemented:

(i)

"CIL Hindi Book Writing Incentive Scheme"

(ii)

"Incentive Scheme for Correspondence / Drafting and doing other official work in Hindi"

(iii)

CIL Hindi book writing scheme

(iv)

CIL Rajbhasha Chal Shild Yojna:

Managing Director (CMD) from 1st Feb'2020 and was on the Board throughout

the financial year. Shri S.N. Tiwary-Director (Marketing) was on the Board throughout the year. Shri Sanjiv Soni-Director (Finance)

and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) had superannuated from the services of the company w.e.f. 30th June' 21 (afternoon). Shri Samiran

Dutta, Director (Finance), BCCL had been entrusted with an additional charge of Director (Finance), CIL w.e.f. 1st July' 2021 and

ceased to hold additional charge on 28th December' 21. Thereafter, Shri Pramod Agrawal, CMD, CIL was entrusted with an

additional charge of Director (Finance), CIL w.e.f. 29th December' 2021 for a period of 6 months. Shri S.N. Tiwary had been

entrusted with an additional charge of Director (P&IR) w.e.f. 01.02.2021 for a period of six months or until further order. Shri Vinay

Ranjan had assumed the charge of Director (P & IR) w.e.f. 28th July' 21. Shri Binay Dayal-Director (Technical) had superannuated

from the services of the company w.e.f. 31st January' 2022 (afternoon). Shri B. Veera Reddy had assumed the charge of Director

(Technical) w.e.f. 1st February' 2022.

b)

Government Nominee Directors: -

Shri Vinod Kumar Tiwari, AS, MoC was on the Board throughout the year. Smt. Yatinder Prasad, JS & FA, MoC ceased to be

Government Nominee Director w.e.f. 27th April' 21. Shri A. K. Nayak, AS & FA was appointed on 27th April'21 and ceased to be

the Government Nominee Director w.e.f. 15th June'2021. Smt. Nirupama Kotru was appointed as Government Nominee Director

w.e.f. 15th June'2021 and was on the Board for the balance period of the year.

c)

Independent Directors: -

In the first week of November' 2021, following Six Independent Directors were appointed in CIL Board as under: -

1.

Prof. G. Nageswara Rao - 1st November' 2021

2.

CA Denesh Singh - 1st November' 2021

3.

Shri B. Rajeshchandar - 1st November' 2021

4.

CA Kamesh Kant Acharya - 2nd November' 2021

5.

Shri Makwana P Kalabhai - 2nd November' 2021

6.

Dr. Arun Kumar Oraon - 5th November' 2021

All the above Independent Directors were on the Board for the balance period of the year.

d)

Permanent Invitee: -

Shri S K Mishra, Addl. Member (Traffic Transportation) was appointed as a permanent invitee from 22nd April' 20 and ceased to be

a Permanent Invitee on 1st July' 2021. Smt. Jaya Varma Sinha, Additional Member (Traffic), Railway Board was appointed as a

Permanent Invitee on 27th Sept' 2021 and on the Board for the balance period of the year. Shri S. Saran, CMD, CMPDIL on

superannuation ceased to be the permanent invitee from 1st May' 2021. Shri P.S. Mishra, CMD, ECL was appointed as a Permanent

Invitee on 10th May' 2021. Shri P.M. Prasad, CMD, CCL was appointed as Permanent Invitee on 9th Feb' 2022 vice Shri P.S. Mishra

and on the Board for the balance period of the year. Shri P K Sinha, CMD, NCL had been appointed as a Permanent Invitee in CIL

Board w.e.f. 27th January'21 and on superannuation, ceased to be Permanent Invitee w.e.f. 1st Jan' 2022. Shri Bhola Singh was

appointed as a Permanent Invitee on 13th Jan' 2022 and on the Board for the balance period of the year.

e)

Key Managerial Personnel: -

Shri Pramod Agrawal was Chief Executive Officer (CEO) throughout the year. Shri Sanjiv Soni, Chief Financial Officer (CFO) had

superannuated from the services of the company w.e.f. 30th June' 21 (afternoon). Shri S.G. Chowdhury was CFO from 1st July'21

till 31st December'21. Shri S.K. Mehta was appointed as CFO on 1st January'22 and continuing as CFO for the balance period of

the year. Shri M. Viswanathan was the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer throughout the year.

Your Directors wish to place on record their deep appreciation for the valuable guidance and services rendered by the Directors during their

tenure, who ceased to be the Directors during the year.:

letter has been issued to the employee.

39.

DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT

In terms of Section 134(3) (c) of the Companies Act, 2013, read with the Significant Accounting Policies at Note-2 & Additional Notes on

Accounts at Note-38 forming part of CIL (Standalone) Accounts and Significant Accounting Policies at Note-2 & Additional Notes on Accounts

at Note-38 forming part of CIL (Consolidated) Accounts.

It is confirmed that:

a)

In the preparation of Annual financial statements, the applicable Indian Accounting Standards have been followed and that no

material departures have been made from the same;

b)

The Accounting Policies have been selected and applied consistently and judgements and estimates made that are reasonable and

prudent so as to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the company at the end of the financial year and profit & loss of the

company for that period;

c)

Proper and sufficient care have been taken for maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of this

Act for safeguarding the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities;

d)

The Annual Accounts have been prepared on a going concern basis;

e)

Internal Financial Controls have been laid down and that such controls are adequate and were operating effectively during the year

ended 31st March'2022.

f)

Proper systems have been devised to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws and such systems were adequate

and operating effectively.

For CIL (Consolidated) Accounts, such confirmation is based on confirmation obtained from ten Indian subsidiaries of CIL viz: Eastern Coalfields

Limited, Bharat Coking Coal Limited, Central Coalfields Limited(consolidated), Northern Coalfields Limited, Western Coalfields Limited,

Mahanadi Coalfields Limited (consolidated), South Eastern Coalfields Limited (consolidated), Central Mine Planning & Design Institute Limited,

CIL Solar PV Limited and CIL Navikarniya Urja Limited. However, for the overseas subsidiary viz. Coal India Africana Limitada, which was

incorporated under Mozambique Commercial Code and for Joint Ventures viz. International Coal Ventures Private Limited, NTPC Urja Private

Limited, Hindustan Urvarak & Rasayan Limited, Talcher Fertilizers Limited and Coal Lignite Urja Vikas Private Limited where CIL is not the

majority shareholder, such confirmation have not been obtained.:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN-03636743

DIN-00279727:

Managing Director & CEO

Director (P & IR)

DIN-00279727

DIN-03636743

Sd/-

Sd/-

(Sunil Kumar Mehta)

(M.Viswanathan)

General Manager (Finance)/CFO

Company Secretary

```````````````` in Crore

`````:

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this report.:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on

these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and process as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the

contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records.

We believe that the process and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4.

Where ever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the Compliance of laws, rules and regulations and

happening of events etc.

5.

The Compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of management.

Our examination was limited to the verification of procedure on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which

the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Parikh& Associates

Company Secretaries

(Peer Reviewed)

Place: Mumbai

Sd/-

Date: 25-05-2022

Signature

P. N. Parikh

Partner

FCS No: 327 CP No: 1228

UDIN:F000327D000385778

PR No.: 1129/2021

Observation of Secretarial Auditor & Management Explanation

Sl.

Observations of Secretariat Auditor

Management Explanation

1.

The Board did not comprise of at least fifty percent

of the Directors as independent directors till 31st

Oct'21 and an independent woman director till date.

The constitution of Audit committee, Nomination

and Remuneration Committee, Corporate Social

Responsibility Committee, Risk & Stakeholder

Relationship Committee was not in accordance with

the provisions of the Act and SEBI LODR, 2015

upto 11th Nov'21 and the business required to be

transacted at these committee meetings are subject

to compliances of the provisions of section 177,

178, 188 and regulations 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 24, 33

read with Schedule II of SEBI LODR 2015.

As per the Articles of Association of the Company, Coal India being a CPSE, the

power to appoint Director vests with Govt. of India. Company had taken up the

matter with Ministry of Coal, the Administrative Ministry even before vacancy

arose as well as subsequent to the vacancy to arrange to appoint required

number of Independent Directors including a Woman Independent Director.

MoC has appointed 6 Independent Director on 1st Nov'21. CIL in its 433rd

Board meeting held on 12th Nov'21 has reconstituted various sub-committee of

the Board as required under Companies Act'13 and LODR 2015. CIL has further

taken up with MoC to appoint One Woman Independent Director to comply

with LoDR 2015 regulations.

2.

BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India

Limited have levied penalties on the Company on

several occasions during the year with respect to

above regulations.

BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited have levied penalties

on the Company for non-compliance of some of the LoDR provisions and the

Company has requested for a waiver of such penalties as the power to appoint

Director in CPSE lies with GoI.:

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and Annexure B and forms an integral

part of this report.:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of Secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the company. Our responsibility is to express

an opinion on these secretarial records based on our Audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are

reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our

opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management Representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations

and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility

of the Management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the company.

For Deba Mohapatra & Co,

Place: Bhubaneswar

Company Secretaries

Date: 12/05/2022

Sd/-

CS Anchal Agarwal, Partner,

FCS No. 9393, C P No. 10548

UDIN - F009393D000309165:

letter of even date which is annexed as "Annexure A" and forms an integral part of this report.

For Maheshwari R & Associates

Company Secretaries

Sd/-

Rashmi Maheshwari

C.P. No.: 3309

FCS: 5126

Place: Kolkata

UDIN: F005126D000324665

Date: 16th May, 2022:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express

an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on the test basis to ensure that correct facts

are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide reasonable basis for

our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company. We

have relied upon the report of Statutory Auditors regarding Companies Act 2013 & Rules made thereunder relating to

maintenance of Books of Accounts, Papers & Financial Statements of the relevant financial year, which gives true and fair

view of the state of affairs of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliances of laws, rules and regulations

and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliances of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards are the

'Responsibility' of Management. Our examination is limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Maheshwari R & Associates

Company Secretary

Sd/-

Rashmi Maheshwari

C.P. No.: 3309 of ICSI

FCS: 5126

Place: Kolkata

UDIN: F005126D000324665

Date: 16th Day of May, 2022:

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this report.:

letter

1.

Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express

an opinion on these secretarial records based on our Audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are

reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed, provide a reasonable basis for

our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management Representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations

and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility

of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness and with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Place: Hyderabad

For D.Hanumanta Raju & Co.

Date: 17th May, 2022

Company Secretaries

Sd/-

CS D.Hanumanta Raju

Partner

FCS: 4044, CP No.: 1709

PR No. : 699/2020

UDIN: F004044D000336211:

letter:

a.

Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express

an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

b.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are

reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices we followed provide a reasonable basis for our

opinion.

c.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company. We

have relied upon the report of Statutory Auditor regarding Companies Act, 2013 & Rules made thereunder relating to

maintenance of Books of Accounts, papers & financial statements of the relevant financial year, which give true and fair

view of the affairs of the Company.

d.

Wherever required, we have obtained Management Representation about the compliance, laws, rules & regulations and

happening of events etc.

e.

The compliance of the provisions of corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility

of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

f.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Sd/-

Ramanuj Asawa

Company Secretary

F.C.S. No. 3107

Place: Nagpur

C.P. No. : 1872

Date: 08.06.2022

ICSI UDIN : F0031070000474864:

letter of event date which is annexed as “Annexure-A”, “Annexure-B” and Annexure-

B1" forms an integral part of this report.:

letter.

MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY

1.

Maintenance of Secretarial Records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to

express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our Audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and the processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are

reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices followed by us provide a reasonable basis to

form our opinion.

3.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate Governance and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the

responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedure on test basis.

4.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

5.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of account of the Company.

6.

The Company has complied with the provisions, regulations, circulars except in respect of the matters specified in

“ANNEXURE-B”.

For Satish Kumar & Associates

Sd/-

Satish Kumar

Company Secretary

FCS No.: 8423

C.P. No.: 9788

UDIN: - F008423D000641211

Place: Ranchi

Date: 18th July’ 2022:

letter with respect to

area of forest land as 136.07 Ha. This can

be verified from the: letter of DFO, Bokaro

vide its letter no. 1968 dated 23.06.2018

that 120.199 Ha Forest land out of 157.749

Ha of total forest land in the aforementioned

lease area had already been diverted and

rest 39.975 Ha Forest land (37.55 Ha

notified forest land and 2.113 JJ land) had

also been provided stage II clearance vide

reference no. FP/JH/MIN/25031/2017/

4572 Dated 05/03/2021.

&

The Forest

(Conservation) Act,

1980

Managing Director)

(Chairman CSR Committee)

(DIN : 00279727)

(DIN : 02065422):

Managing Director, whole time Functional Directors and other Directors in consultation with the Chairman. Functional Directors and

Government nominee Directors are liable to retire by rotation. Chairman and Independent Directors are not liable to retire by rotation. No

consultation will be necessary in case of Directors representing the Government. In terms of the Articles of Association of the Company, the

number of Directors of the Company shall not be less than three. These directors may be either whole time functional Directors or part time

Directors.

2.2 Composition of Board

As on 31st March, 2022, Board of Directors comprised of Chairman, 3 Functional Directors, Chairman is holding an Additional Charge of

Director Finance and 2 Non-Executive Directors (Government Nominees) and 6 Independent Directors. In addition, there are 3 Permanent

Invitees in the Board. CIL had requested Ministry of Coal who is the appointing authority to appoint a woman Independent Director to

comply with SEBI LODR'2015.

2.3

Age limit and tenure of Directors

The age limit of Chairman &: Managing Director and other whole-time functional Directors is 60 Years. The

director's responsibility statement to be included in the board's report in terms of clause

(c) of sub-section (3) of Section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013;

(b)

changes, if any, in accounting policies and practices and reasons for the same;

(c)

major accounting entries involving estimates based on the exercise of judgment by management;

(d)

significant adjustments made in the financial statements arising out of audit findings;

(e)

compliance with listing and other legal requirements relating to financial statements;

(f)

disclosure of any related party transactions;

(g)

modified opinion(s) in the draft audit report;

(5)

reviewing, with the management, the quarterly financial statements before submission to the board for approval;

(6)

reviewing, with the management, the statement of uses / application of funds raised through an issue (public issue, rights issue,

preferential issue, etc.), the statement of funds utilized for purposes other than those stated in the offer document / prospectus / notice

and the report submitted by the monitoring agency monitoring the utilization of proceeds of a public or rights issue, and making

appropriate recommendations to the board to take up steps in this matter;

(7)

reviewing and monitoring the auditor's independence and performance, and effectiveness of audit process;

(8)

approval or any subsequent modification of transactions of the listed entity with related parties;

(9)

scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investments;

(10) valuation of undertakings or assets of the listed entity, wherever it is necessary;

(11) evaluation of internal financial controls and risk management systems;

(12) reviewing, with the management, performance of statutory and internal auditors, adequacy of the internal control systems;

(13) reviewing the adequacy of internal audit function, if any, including the structure of the internal audit department, staffing and

seniority of the official heading the department, reporting structure coverage and frequency of internal audit;

(14) discussion with internal auditors of any significant findings and follow up there on;

(15) reviewing the findings of any internal investigations by the internal auditors into matters where there is suspected fraud or irregularity

or a failure of internal control systems of a material nature and reporting the matter to the board;

(16) discussion with statutory auditors before the audit commences, about the nature and scope of audit as well as post-audit discussion

to ascertain any area of concern;

(17) to look into the reasons for substantial defaults in the payment to the depositors, debenture holders, shareholders (in case of non-

payment of declared dividends) and creditors;

(18) to review the functioning of the whistle blower mechanism;

(19) approval of appointment of chief financial officer after assessing the qualifications, experience and background, etc. of the candidate;

(20) Carrying out any other function as is mentioned in the terms of reference of the audit committee.

(21) reviewing the utilization of loans and/ or advances from/investment by the holding company in the subsidiary exceeding ` 100 crore

or 10% of the asset size of the subsidiary, whichever is lower including existing loans / advances / investments existing as on the date

of coming into force of this provision

(22) consider and comment on rationale, cost-benefits and impact of schemes involving merger, demerger, amalgamation etc., on the

listed entity and its shareholders.

(23) Reviewing the follow up action taken on the audit observations of C & AG Audit;

(24) Reviewing the follow up action taken on the recommendations of Committee on Public Undertakings (COPU) of the parliament;

(25) Reviewing the financial statement of the subsidiary companies;

(26) Review compliance of prohibition of Insider Trading Code;

(27) Review the declaration of financial statements by the CEO/CFO.

(d)

Review of information by Audit Committee:

The audit committee shall mandatorily review the following information:

(1)

management discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations;

(2)

statement of significant related party transactions (as defined by the audit committee), submitted by management;

(3)

management letters / letters of internal control weaknesses issued by the statutory auditors;

(4)

internal audit reports relating to internal control weaknesses; and:

Managing Director:

letter of appointment to Independent Directors: CIL Board in its 308th meeting had approved: letter of appointment to be

issued to Independent

Managing Director

in view of demand from Corporate, and to keep compliance burden lower in the wake of the current economic scenario.:

Managing Director/Director (Finance) and Sunil Kumar Mehta, CFO/General

Manager (Finance) of Coal India Ltd. responsible for the finance function certify that:

a.

We have reviewed the Financial Statements for the Financial Year ended 31st March, 2022 and that to the best of our knowledge and

belief:

i.

These statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements that might be

misleading;

ii.

These statements together present a true and fair view of the company's affairs and are in compliance with existing accounting

standards, applicable laws and regulations.

b.

To the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the company during the Financial Year ended 31st March, 2022

are fraudulent, illegal or violative of the company's code of conduct.

c.

We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and we have evaluated the effectiveness

of internal control systems of the company pertaining to financial reporting and we have disclosed to the Auditors, deficiencies in the

design or operation of such internal controls, if any, of which they are aware and the steps they have taken or propose to take to rectify

these deficiencies.

d.

We have indicated to the Auditors that:

i.

There has not been any significant change in internal control over financial reporting during the period under reference;

ii.

There has not been any significant change in accounting policies during the period except modifications in policy on intangible

assets and employee benefits, for which there is no financial impact.

iii.

We have not become aware of any instance of significant fraud with involvement therein of the management or an employee having

a significant role in the company's internal control system over financial reporting.

Sd/-

Sd/-

CFO/General

Chairman-cum-: Managing

Managing Director and Sunil Kumar Mehta, CFO/General Manager (Finance) of Coal

India Ltd. responsible for the finance function certify that:

a)

We have reviewed the Financial Statements for the Financial Year ended 31st March, 2022 and that to the best of our knowledge and

belief:

i.

These statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements that might be

misleading;

ii.

These statements together present a true and fair view of the company's affairs and are in compliance with existing accounting

standards, applicable laws and regulations.

b.

To the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the company during the Financial Year ended 31st March, 2022

are fraudulent, illegal or violative of the company's code of conduct.

c.

We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and we have evaluated the effectiveness

of internal control systems of the company pertaining to financial reporting and we have disclosed to the Auditors, deficiencies in the

design or operation of such internal controls, if any, of which they are aware and the steps they have taken or propose to take to rectify

these deficiencies.

d.

We have indicated to the Auditors that:

ii.

There has not been any significant change in internal control over financial reporting during the period under reference;

iii.

There has not been any significant change in accounting policies during the period except modifications in policy on intangible

assets and employee benefits, for which there is no financial impact.

iv.

We have not become aware of any instance of significant fraud with involvement therein of the management or an employee having

a significant role in the company's internal control system over financial reporting except given as under:

In this context following fraud case detected during the FY 2021-22 which are as under:

Sl.no

Case No.

Brief of the Case

1.

CA/01/2021

Alleged irregularities in Budget certification by AFM Govindpur Area, BCCL in the month of March 2019

2.

Alleged irregularities detected in payment of bills in transportation contracts of CK siding Bastacolla Area

Sd/-

Sd/-

CFO/General

Chairman-cum-: Managing

Director's Report.

4.0

OUTLOOK:

CIL had envisaged coal supply target of 700 Mt in 2022-23 which is a growth of about 12% over the previous year. About 80% of the said

production would be consumed by power sector only. CIL's growth plan for the future is in synergy with the ambitious plan of the Government

for 24 X 7 power supply to all homes in the country for which a roadmap to achieve 1 Bt of coal production by 2024-25 has been prepared.

For sustainability and growth, thrust on minimizing the environmental impact is laid for qualitative improvement in coal production through

selective mining, beneficiation & blending and diversifying into clean coal technologies.

Apart from creating new railway infrastructure, optimum utilization of existing capacity through linkage auction scheme is being ensured

through an in-built system of source rationalization for non-regulated sector. Further, it has been envisaged to ensure "First Mile Connectivity

(FMC)" to consumer through non-road mode like conveyors, MGR/Rail etc.

CIL is also exploring opportunities to diversify into 'coal to chemical' business (CTL, SCG etc.). This is to ensure greater value addition and

thereby improving financial performance of the company, and ensuring long term sustenance.

CIL has planned a capital investment of ` 16,500 Crores for maintaining its volume growth in 2022-23 and beyond. In addition, the company

has also envisaged for investing substantial amount in different schemes in 2022-23 such as development of railway infrastructure project, solar

power, Thermal Power Plants, surface coal gasification, Coal Bed Methane (CBM), revival of fertilizer plants etc.

Marketing Outlook:

Considering the demand scenario, the target for the year 2021-22 had been set at the level of 740 MT.

CIL has earmarked evacuation infrastructure projects in both the Greenfield and Brownfield areas under its command areas in the 3 subsidiaries,

to have a seamless coal evacuation system. Rail infrastructure is being built both on'Deposit Basis' as well as by forming SPVs with Rail PSUs

and the concemed State Govt.

CIL has identified 07 Railway Projects for evacuation of coal, out of which 03 are funded by CIL on 'deposit basis and the remaining 04 being

executed through JVs/SPVs with a track length of about 620 Km are being constructed at an estimated capital expenditure of about ` 20,000 Cr.

Funded by CIL on Deposit Basis:

1)

Tori-Shivpur New BG Double Rail line (43.70 KM) has been commissioned, thus enabling coal evacuation from the Greenfield

areas of North Karanpura Coalfield in CCL.

Tripling of this rail line is under construction at an additional capital of ` 894 Crs. which shall increase its capacity from - 65 MTPA

to - 100 MTPA. Tripling works likely to be operationalized by Mar'23.

2)

Jharsuguda -Barpali- Sardega New BG single line (52.41 KM) has been commissioned, thus enabling coal evacuation from the

Greenfield areas of Basundhara Coalfield of MCL.

Doubling of this Rail line from Jharsuguda to Sardega along with coal loading bulb at Barpali and double line Fly-over at Jharsuguda

along with Augmentation works of Jharsuguda Railway Station are under execution at an estimated capital of ` 3200 Cr., thereby

enhancing its capacity from - 34 MTPA to -65 MTPA.

3)

Rail Connectivity of Lingaraj SILO with Deulbeda siding at Talcher Coalfields of MCL has been commissioned in Jul'21 which has

resulted in an incremental evacuation capacity by-5MTPA.

Funded through JVs/ SPVs by CIL:

l)

Jharkhand Coal Rail Ltd (JCRL), in the State of Jharkhand under CCL command area.

Shivpur-Kathautia Railway Line, 49 km in North Karanpura Coalfield of Jharkhand - Financial Closure and Land acquisition are in

progress. This rail line shall facilitate in evacuating - 25 MTPA coal from the Greenfield area of N K Coalfield.

2)

Chhattisgarh East Rail Ltd (CERL) - Developing the East Rail Corridor in the state of Chhattisgarh under SECL command area.

Phase - I :

The Main corridor from Kharsia to Dharamjaigarh (0-74 KM) was commissioned in Jul,21. The first block section of the spur line

from Gharghoda to Bhalumuda (0-14 Km) is also completed and safety certificate issued by SECR'. Loading of coal is regular from

Korichhapar, Gharghoda and Dharamj aigarh Freight Terminals.

Phase - II:

Financial Closure and Land acquisition is in progress.

Commissioning of CERL Rail Project shall enhance coal evacuation capacity by - 30 MTPA from the Mand-Raigad coalfield.

3)

Chhattisgarh East West Rail Ltd (CEWRL) - Developing the East West Rail Conidor in the state of Chhattisgarh under SECL command area.

This new rail line shall connect Gewa Rd. to Pendra Rd., 135 Km, and shall facilitate upcountry movement of coal from Korba Coalfield.

Financial closure was achieved in Sep'20. construction works are underway and is anticipated to be completed by Mar'24. This

shall enhance coal evacuation capacity by - 62 MTPA from the Korba coalfield.

4)

Mahanadi Coal Railway Limited (MCRL) is developing the Angul-Balram rail link of -14.5 Km in Talcher coalfield under MCL

command area in the state of odisha at an estimated cost of ` 145 Cr. Work is in progress in the entire track length and is anticipated

to be commissioned by Jul'22. This shall enhance coal evacuation capacity by - 15 MTPA from Talcher coalfield. Commissioning

of these new BG railway lines along with the already commissioned line will increase the evaluation capacity to about 330 MTPA

to the railway network by CIL.:

Letter of Credit:

As on 31-03-2022 outstanding letters of credit is ` Nil (for the year ended 31-03-2021 Nil)

(b) Commitments

Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account and not provided for: as on 31-03-2022 ` 10.39 Crore ( for the year

ended 31-03-2021 ` 366.23 Crore).

Other Commitment: as on 31-03-2022 ` 87.45 Crore (for the year ended 31-03-2021 ` 407.55 Crore)

Central

State Government

Central Public

Particulars

Government

and local authorities

Sector

Others

Total

Enterprises

Opening balance as on 01-04-2021

247.64

4.00

0.15

600.67

852.46

Addition during the period

-

-

-

0.07

0.07

Claims settled during the period

a. From opening balance

-

-

-

0.10

0.10

b. Out of addition during the period

-

-

-

-

-

Closing balance as on 31-03-2022

247.64

4.00

0.15

600.64

852.43:

Managing Director

01.02.2020

Director (Finance) - Add. Charge

29.12.2021

Mr. Binay Dayal

Director (Technical)

11.10.2017 - 31.01.2022

Mr. B. Veera Reddy

Director (Technical)

01.02.2022

Mr. S. N. Tiwari

Director(Marketing)

01.12.2019

Director(Personnel) (Addl. Charge)

01.02.2021 - 25.07.2021

Mr. Sanjeev Soni

Director(Finance)

10.07.2019 - 30.06.2021

Mr. Samiran Dutta

Director(Finance) (Addl. Charge)

01.07.2021 - 29.12.2021

Mr. Vinay Ranjan

Director(Personnel)

28.07.2021

Prof. G. Nageswara Rao

Independent Director

01.11.2021

Dr. Arun Kumar Oraon

Independent Director

05.11.2021

Mr. Kamesh Kant Acharya

Independent Director

02.11.2021

Mr. Denesh Singh

Independent Director

01.11.2021

Mr. Makwana P Kalabhai

Independent Director

02.11.2021

Mr. B. Rajeshchandar

Independent Director

01.11.2021

iii)

Post Employment Benefit Funds and others

S.No.

Name

Nature

Country of Incorporation

1

Coal India Employees Gratuity Fund

Trust

India

2

Coal Mines Provident Fund (CMPF)

Statutory body under the

control of Ministry of Coal, GoI

India

3

Coal India Superannuation Benefit Fund Trust

Trust

India

4

Contributory Post Retirement Medicare Scheme for

Non- Executives Modified

Trust

India

5

CIL Executive Defined Contribution Pension Trust

Trust

India

6

Indian Institute of Coal Management (IICM)

Registered Society

India

7

Coal India Sports Promotion Association (CISPA)

Registered Society

India

ii)

Joint Venture Companies

S.No.

Name of Subsidiary

Principal activities

Country of

% Equity Interest

Incorporation

31-03-2022

31-03-2021

1

International Coal Venture Private Limited (ICVL)

Coal

India

0.19%

0.19%

2

CIL NTPC Urja Private Limited

Energy

India

50.00%

50.00%

3

Talcher Fertilizers Limited (TFL)

Fertiliser

India

33.33%

33.33%

4

Hindustan Urvarak and Rasayan Limited (HURL)

Fertiliser

India

33.33%

33.33%

5

Coal Lignite Urja Vikas Private Limited (CLUVPL)

Energy

India

50.00%

50.00%

S.No.

Name of Subsidiary

Principal activities

Country of

% Equity Interest

Incorporation

31-03-2022

31-03-2021

1

Eastern Coalfields Limited

Coal mining

India

100%

100%

2

Bharat Coking Coal Limited

Coal mining

India

100%

100%

3

Central Coalfields Limited

Coal mining

India

100%

100%

4

Northern Coalfields Limited

Coal mining

India

100%

100%

5

Western Coalfields Limited

Coal mining

India

100%

100%

6

South Eastern Coalfields Limited

Coal mining

India

100%

100%

7

Mahanadi Coalfields Limited

Coal mining

India

100%

100%

8

CMPDI Limited

Consultancy support

in Coal and Mineral

exploration

India

100%

100%

9

Coal India Africana Limitada, Mozambique (CIAL)

Coal mining

Mozambique

Quota Capital

Quota Capital

10

CIL Solar Pvt. Ltd.

Solar Energy

India

100%

100%

11

CIL Navikarniya Urja Limited

Renewable Energy

India

100%

100%

(iv)

Key Managerial Personnel:

letter of credit, guarantee, including contractor guarantees and liquidated damages and

performance bond provided by any party to the Project Documents; and all of the right, title, interest, benefits, claims and demands, whatsoever,

of the Borrower in, to or under all Insurance Contracts Project Assets shall not form part of the Security.

3 .

Non Current Term Loans From Others

Loan from IRCON International Ltd.

Loan from IRCON International Ltd. consist ` 10.06 Crore (` 9.35 Crore) of M/s Chhattisgarh East - West Railway Limited (CEWRL) which are

secured by first charge on all infrastructures to be created/ developed and all future receivables of borrowed Repayment period of loan would

be of 5 years excluding moratorium period not exceeding five years from the date of signing of Loan Agreement. Rate of interest are @8.65%

per annum upto 07.09.2020 and 8.25% per annum w.e.f 08.09.2020 with compounding at quarterly rests.

Loan from CSIDCL

Loan from CSIDCL consist `3.88 Crore (`3.61 Crore) of M/s Chhattisgarh East - West Railway Limited (CEWRL) which are secured by first

charge on all infrastructures to be created/ developed and all future receivables of borrowers. Repayment period of loan would be of 5 years

excluding moratorium period not exceeding five years from the date of signing of Loan Agreement. Rate of interest are @8.65% per annum upto

07.09.2020 and 8.25% per annum w.e.f 08.09.2020 with compounding at quarterly rests.

3.

In case of security on current assets:

Quarterly returns/statements of current assets filled by the company with banks/financial institutions are in agreement with the books of

accounts.

NOTE - 19 :TRADE PAYABLES

(` in Crore)

As at

31.03.2022

31.03.2021

Current

Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises

42.54

27.47

Other than Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises

8,549.24

8,445.67

TOTAL

8,591.78

8,473.14

Trade Payables aging schedule

Outstanding for following periods from transaction date

Particulars

Less than

1-2 Years

2-3 years

More than

Total

1 year

3 years

i)

MSME

42.54

-

-

-

42.54

ii)

Others

7,659.80

375.39

137.08

295.31

8,467.58

iii) Disputed dues -MSEM

-

-

-

-

-

iv) Disputed dues -Others

-

-

-

81.66

81.66

Unbilled dues

-

-

-

-

-:

Letter of Credit

As on 31-03-2022 outstanding: letter of credit is ` 2268.39 Crore (P.Y.

`

` 1106.24 Crore).

b)

Commitments

Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account and not provided for: ` 15320.12 Crore (P.Y. ` 10680.18 Crore).

Other Commitments: `56521.66 Crore (P.Y.`54735.77 Crore).

Managing Director”

"01.02.2020"

Director (Finance) - Add. Charge

29.12.2021

Mr. Binay Dayal

Director (Technical)

11.10.2017 - 31.01.2022

Mr. B. Veera Reddy

Director (Technical)

01.02.2022

Mr. S. N. Tiwari

"Director(Marketing)"

01.12.2019

Director(Personnel) (Addl. Charge)

01.02.2021 - 25.07.2021

Mr. Sanjeev Soni

"Director(Finance)"

10.07.2019 - 30.06.2021

Mr. Samiran Dutta

Director(Finance) (Addl. Charge)

01.07.2021 - 29.12.2021

Mr. Vinay Ranjan

Director(Personnel)

28.07.2021

Prof. G. Nageswara Rao

Independent Director

01.11.2021

Dr. Arun Kumar Oraon

Independent Director

05.11.2021

Mr. Kamesh Kant Acharya

Independent Director

02.11.2021

Mr. Denesh Singh

Independent Director

01.11.2021

Mr. Makwana P Kalabhai

Independent Director

02.11.2021

Mr. B. Rajeshchandar

Independent Director

01.11.2021

Mr. V. K. Tiwari

Govt. Nominee Directors

29.11.2019

Ms. Yatinder Prasad

Govt. Nominee Directors

24.08.2020 - 27.04.2021

Mr. Anil Kumar Nayak

Govt. Nominee Directors

27.04.2021 - 15.06.2021

Ms. Nirupama Kotru

Govt. Nominee Directors

15.06.2021

Mr. M Viswanathan

Company Secretary

14.12.2011

Mr. S G Chowdhury

CFO

01.07.2021 - 31.12.2021

Mr. S.K. Mehta

CFO

01.01.2022

Eastern Coalfields Limited

Shri Ambika Prasad Panda

Chairman-Cum-: Managing Director

01.02.2022

Shri Prem Sagar Mishra

Managing Director“

"01.09.2020“

Director (Technical/ Operation)

01.01.2022"

(Addl. Charge)"

Shri K R Vasudevan

Director (Finance)

01.07.2021

Shri PVKR Mallikarjuna Rao

Director (Personnel)

23.07.2021

Shri S K Gomasta

Director (Technical/P&P)

01.11.2021

Ms. Santosh, Dy. Director General, MoC

Government Director

03.01.2022

Shri Harbans Singh

Independent Director

10.07.2019

Smt. Jajula Gowri

Independent Director

10.07.2019

Shri Ravi Prakash

Company Secretary

13.07.2017

Shri Ramesh Kumar Soni

Independent Director

01.11.2021

Shri Vinay Ranjan

Government Director

05.08.2021

Shri Shashank Shekhar Jha

Director

15.06.2018

Ramesh Kunar Jha

Director

01.01.2022

Abhijit Narendra

Director

20.01.2020

Ravi Shankar Bidarthi

Director

02.03.2020

Ashok Kumar Goyal

Director

01.10.2021

Pranav Kumar

Director

12.10.2021

Pradip Kumar Singh

CFO

29.01.2022

Western Coalfields Limited

Shri Manoj Kumar

Chairman-Cum-: Managing Director

01.01.2021

Dr. Sanjay Kumar

Director (Personnel)

23.07.2015

Shri Jai Prakash Dwivedi

Director (Technical)

04.02.2022

Shri Ajit Kumar Chowdhary

Director (Technical)

14.12.2018 - 31.01.2022

Shri Rajendra Prasad Shukla

Director (Finance)

31.07.2020-31.12.2021

Shri Baban Singh

Director (Technical)

08.02.2021-30.11.2021

Shri Rameher

Company Secretary

"01.02.2008 - 30.09.2021“07.10.2021"

Shri Bhabani Prasad Pati

Govt. Nominee Directors

17.03.2020

Shri Satyendra Nath Tiwary

Govt. Nominee Directors

11.02.2021-04.08.2021

Shri Vinay Ranjan

Govt. Nominee Directors

05.08.2021

Dr. Darshan C Deshmukh

Independent Director

25.07.2019

Shri Bhag Chand Agarwal

Independent Director

01.11.2021

Shri Kantilal Chaturbhai Patel

Independent Director

01.11.2021

Shri Balram Nandwani

Independent Director

01.11.2021

Shri Binod Bihari Dash

Independent Director

01.11.2021

Northern Coalfields Limited

Shri Bhola Singh

Managing Director

28.01.2022

Shri A. P. Panda

Chairman-Cum-: Managing Director

28.12.2018 - 28.01.2022

Shri M.K.Prasad

"Director (Technical) Operations“

"01.11.2020“01.01.2022"

Director (Personnel) (Addl. Charge)"

Shri S.M.Choudhary

"Director (Finance) “Director

"12.10.2019“01.02.2021-31.12.2021"

(Personnel) (Addl. Charge)"

Shri S. K. Pal

Director (Technical) /P& P

15.12.2020

Ms. Vismita Tej

Govt. Nominee Director

30.12.2020

B. Veera Reddy

Govt. Nominee Director

30.12.2020

Shri Binay Dayal

Govt. Nominee Director

05.07.2021-31.01.2022

Sanjiv Soni

Govt. Nominee Director

29.10.2019-30.06-2021

Shri S.K.Deshpande

Independent Director

25.07.2019

CS (Dr.) Shyam Agarwal

Independent Director

01.11.2021

Shri Tankadhar Tripathy

Independent Director

01.11.2021

Shri. S.M. Yunus

Company Secretary

17.08.2010

Mahanadi Coalfields Limited

Shri P. K. Sinha

letter no. 13-14/81 dated 18.07.14. Lease Rent `2.53 Crores (`2.30 Crores) received/ receivable for

the current period/year.

d) Leased out Assets (Line No-2) to M/s Spectrum Coal and Power Limited (Formerly known as STCLI Coal Washery Limited) `19.23

Crores and accumulated depreciation as on Balance Sheet date is `14.84 Crores (`14.33 crores).

The future minimum lease rental receivable in the aggregate at the end of the year is `112.17 Crores (`114.04 Crores) for each of the

following periods is as under:

(``(`````(`````````` in Crores)

```

Year

31.03.2022

31.03.2021

Junadih

Junadih

Line

Total

Sdg -

Sdg -

No. 2(d)

3(a)

4*(b)

Not later than one year

4.61

4.67

2.78

12.06

8.74

Later than one year and not later than five year

9.29

0.00

14.19

23.48

24.10

Later than five years and till the period of lease

0.00

0.00

76.63

76.63

81.20

Total

13.90

4.67

93.60

112.17

114.04

No contingent rents are recognized as income in the Profit and Loss Account.

iii)

SECL in terms of License agreement with M/s Gujarat State Electricity Board, Vadodara, Gujarat dated 17.10.2005 has granted the later

a right to use land for construction & operation of Railway siding Junadih line no 5 at Gevra area for a year of 20 years with effect from

17.10.2005. Lease Rent `1.34 Crores (`1.34 Crores) has been received for the current period/year.

The Company in terms of Lease Agreements executed with M/s Spectrum Coal and Power Limited (Formerly known as STCLI Coal

Washery Limited) has granted the later a right to use the land for construction of washery and siding facilities at Dipka Project on lease for

a year of 30 years with effect from 01.11.1996. Lease Rent `3.89 Crore (`3.53 Crore) received/receivable during the current period/year.

Leased out Assets to M/s Spectrum Coal and Power Limited (Formerly known as STCLI Coal Washery Limited) valued `0.98 Crore (`0.86

Crore) for Land and accumulated depreciation as on Balance Sheet date is `0.59 Crore (`0.54 Crore).

The future minimum lease rental receivable in the aggregate at the end of the year is `30.03 Crores (`35.14 Crores) for each of the

following periods is as under:

(``(`````(`````````` in Crores)

```

Year

31.03.2022

31.03.2021

Land for

Land for

Total (a+b)

Junadih Sdg

Washery &

-5 (a)

Siding (b)

Not later than one year

2.83

4.28

7.11

6.46

Later than one year and not later than five year

4.5

18.42

22.92

25.83

Later than five years and till the period of lease

0

0

0

2.85

Total

7.33

22.7

30.03

35.14

No contingent rents are recognized as income in the Profit and Loss Account.

iv)

ECFD in its 67th meeting held on 12.11.2020 has approved for termination of contract agreement between CCL & M/s Imperial Fasteners

Private Limited dated 14.10.2005 for operation & maintenance of Kathara Captive power plant of 2X10 MV capacity.:

Letter No. BCCL/GM/EJA/2016/1429 dated 28.07.2016 enclosing

there with charge hand-over and take-over report. Further, the Company has spent `5.08 Crore up to 28.07.2016 (Power bill `4.04 Crore,

Repair & Maintenance and others `1.04 Crore) on maintaining the possession of the mine as custodian which has been booked as ‘Receivable’

in the Financial Statement.

It is updated that as against BCCL claim of `5.08 Crore, SAIL has also claimed `17.00 Crore towards de-watering of mine etc. which was not

reasonably accepted by BCCL management.

Again GOI appointed Chairman, CIL to manage and operate the said mines vide notification in the Gazette of India F. No. CBA2-13016/1/2018-

CBA2 dated 13th Feb, 2020. Chairman CIL, in turn, authorized ‘CMD, BCCL’ to act on his behalf to manage and operate the said mines as per

relevant provisions of Coal Mines (Special Provision) Act, 2015 as amended by Mineral Laws (Amendment) Ordinance 2020 and the rules made

thereunder to manage and operate the said mine.

Accordingly the mine has been placed under the administrative control of GM, Eastern Jharia Area (Dhanbad) is authorized to take over the

possession of the Parbatpur-Central Coal mine of the Company vide: Letter no. BCCL/D(T)/P&P/F-83(B)/2020/45 dated 03/03/2020 to manage

and operate with immediate effect.

Since from the date of second time take over possession of the mine as custodian 31st March, 2022 the company has spent `16.48 Crore on

maintaining the mine as custodian which has booked as 'Receivable' in the Financial Statements.

ii)

In the past, the BCCL was not paying the Excise Duty on Royalty & SED but on the advice of CIL, the Company released the payment of

`73.99 Crore towards this for the period from 01.03.2011 to 28.02.2013. In consideration of the above, supplementary bills were raised on

consumers amounting to `78.10 Crore for the earlier period besides regular billing of Excise Duty on Royalty & SED. The Company has so far

(upto 31.03.2022) realized `73.15 Crore and the balance amount not yet realized is `4.95 Crore. The unrealized amount belongs mostly to

e-auction consumers, out of which 17 consumers have opposed the demand by the Company amounting to `0.28 Crore in the court of law.

Against the amount of `4.95 Crore, provision to the tune of `4.95 Crore stands as on 31.03.2022.

iii)

The Company ( BCCL, Kolkata Office) has filed a civil suit in the High Court at Kolkata (G.A. No.2797 of 2013/ C.S. No. 11 of 2013)

against M/s Turner Morrison Limited, Kolkata for (i) a declaration that the Company is the lawful owner of the its present office premises at 6,

Lyons Range, Kolkata-700001, (ii) a declaration that there was no relationship as the landlord and the tenant between them and (iii) a decree of

`187.74 crore with interest against the Rent etc. already paid by the Company to M/s Turner Morrison Limited, Kolkata. Besides this there are

some more claims of the Company in the court of law amounting to `0.04crore.

iv)

Fund under Master Plan: Bharat Coking Coal Limited (BCCL) receives fund from Coal India Limited against Master Plan for dealing with

fire and rehabilitation of persons dwelling in coal bearing / fire affected area of the Company leasehold. The Company is the implementing

agency for fire projects and rehabilitation of persons dwelling in the Company houses. Jharia Rehabilitation & Development Authority (JRDA)

is the implementing agency for rehabilitation of persons dwelling in non-BCCL houses, for which the Company acts as a nodal agency. Fund

received as nodal agency is advanced to JRDA and such Advance (shown under Other Advance in Note-11) as well as the relevant Fund, both

are adjusted on the basis of utilization statement submitted by JRDA. There is an Advance of `428.46 Crore as on 31st March, 2022 (as on 31st

March, 2021 `198.14Crore) to JRDA awaiting utilization certificate for their adjustment.

letter Ref. No.

GM(E&M)/DLF/14/ 3530-36 dated. 17.11.2014. As per: letter, G grade slake coal which was the lowest grade under UHV system of pricing

letter, Sales bill and power tariff has been revised.

As on 31.03.2016, the amount receivable from EIPL on account of supply of rejects after adjusting enhanced tariff was `38.69 Crores. Further

a provision of `1.64 Crore was made in the year 2016-17 making total provision to `40.33 Cr. Due to non-payment of the same, the following

action has been taken by company:

As per clause 2.6 of the Power Purchase Agreement dated. 8th February, 1993, in the event of any dispute arising out of or in relation to the

agreement, the same shall be referred to the sole arbitration of an arbitrator mutually acceptable to CIL & EIPL as per provisions of Arbitration

Act. The emerging situation is that as the parties to the agreement have failed to mutually agree to the appointment of an arbitrator, the petitioner

(CCL) is left with no other alternative but to move to the Hon’ble High Court for appointment of an arbitrator in exercising powers under section

11(6) of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. As such, the Arbitration Application has been filed on 7th April, 2016. The Hon’ble High

Court of Jharkhand during 2017-18 has appointed Ld. Arbitrator as per Agreement to settle the dispute. Hearing is still pending before Ld.

Arbitrator."

iii)

Consequent upon the agreement made with Coal India Limited and President of India for allocation of coal block Kotre Basantpur and

Panchmo Coal Blocks under Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Act, 2015, and subsequent allocation to CCL for operation and commercial use of

mines, the CCL has deposited 75% of Upfront fees amounting to `30.97 Crores and fixed amount for `9.91 Crores and furnished Performance

Bank Guarantee (Performance Security) amounting to `286.14 Crores, in designated bank account of Nominated Authority for allotment.

`40.88 Crores (upfront fees `30.97 Crores and Security deposit `9.91 Crores) is appearing under Exploration Evaluation Assets in Note-5. As the

conditions of prescribed guidelines for making payment of 3rd instalment is not yet fulfilled, the balance amount of `10.33 Crores is shown

under Capital Commitment.

iv)

The Hon’ble Supreme Court of India, in Transferred Case (CIVIL) No. 43 of 2016 vide order dated 13.10.2017 has held that DMF will

be applicable in the State of Jharkhand on and from the date of establishment of DMF Trust i.e. 07.12.2015. Accordingly, the amount of `286.31

Crore deposited with the State Govt. relating to the period prior to 07.12.2015 shall be refunded/ adjusted from the DMF payable by the

company. Out of the said amount a sum of `236.51 Crore has been adjusted and balance amount of `49.72 Crore is yet to be refunded/ adjusted

from the State Government. As per directive of State Govt., Areas have submitted their claim to the respective DMO for getting Refund /

adjustment

v)

Against the demand of Income Tax Department regarding TCS from Road Sales Customers under section 206 C of the Income Tax Act,

1961, amounting to ` 106.56 Crores, the department has collected `71.79 Crores by attaching the bank account of the company and the balance

amount of `34.77 Crores has been deposited by the company. The company in turn has recovered `77.53 Crores from the customers as on

balance sheet date and the balance ` 29.03 Crores is under process of recovery.

Out of `29.03 Crores `26.85 Crores relates to the demand raised for the overlapping period i.e. In FY 2012-13 the alleged TCS liability of the

period April,2012 to August, 2013 i.e. for 17 months, Whereas, it should have been taken From July, 2012 to up to March, 2013 i.e. for 9

months only. In FY 2013-14 the alleged TCS liability of the period April, 2013 to August, 2014 i.e. for 17 months was taken, Whereas, it should

have been taken up to March, 2014 for 12 months only. Similarly, for FY 2017-18 the order of alleged TCS liability of the period April, 2017 to

July, 2017 i.e. for 4 months was passed. But figures were taken up to August, 2017. As TCS was implemented on coal w.e.f. 01.07.2012, a

rectification petition U/S 154 of Income Tax Act, 1961 has already been filed to rectify the error but till date hearing has not yet started in spite

of giving several reminders to the department. However, CCL has filed writ petition before Hon’ble High Court of Jharkhand.

vi)

CCL used to supply Washed Medium Coking Coal (WMCC) to M/S SAIL & RINL at the price mutually agreed in MOU entered between

CCL & SAIL / RINL, duly signed by the representatives of CCL & SAIL/RINL with validity upto 31.03.2017. As per CIL’s guidelines, CCL had

notified the price of WMCC at `11,500 per tonne with effect from 14/01/2017 in compliance with doctrine of Import Parity as envisaged by

New Coal Distribution Policy (NCDP) of Government with bonus/penalty clause variable in line with ash content.

As the MOU was valid up to 31/03/2017, but the Price Notification was issued on 14/01/2017, a provision for the period from 14/01/2017 to

31/03/2017 for the difference of MOU price and Notified price on the quantity despatched, amounting to ` 155.80 Crores ( `126.16 Crore in

respect of SAIL and `29.64 Crore in respect of RINL) has been made in the accounts during the year 2018-19.

After repetitive requests of M/S SAIL, CCL Board dated 28/07/2018 agreed to supply WMCC at an ad hoc price of ` 6,500 per tonne with a

condition that the report of the external agency to be appointed/engaged for establishment of fair and transparent Price Determination

Mechanism shall be applicable and accordingly SAIL/RINL has agreed with the decision of CCL Board.

Accordingly work order no. Washery(CCL)/WO/Price Mechanism(WMCC)/2019/745-50 dated 08.07.2019 has been issued to M/s PWC Pvt. Ltd

to review the existing price mechanism for washed medium coking coal. Final Report on placing before the CCL Board directed to resubmit the

report considering approach of BCCL for better holistic appreciation, which is under process.

vii)

The Secretary to Government, Revenue, Registration and Land Reforms Department, Government of Jharkhand vide his: Letter No.

5/Sa.Bhu (CCL) Ramgarh- 303/2012-519 (5)/Ra. Dated 07/02/2020 to The

letter i.e. on 12.10.2021, failing which MCL will have no option left than

to proceed with termination of Memorandum of Understanding.

Termination of MOU with NBCC approved by competent authority along with penal provision as per MOU has been communicated to NBCC

on 05.01.2022.

The job of PMC for balance work has been entrusted to CMPDIL, Ranchi vide: letter No. MCL/Sambalpur/Civil/21-22/1641 dated 02.02.2022.

The group has incurred `121.27 crores towards construction of the institute as on 31.03.2022.

ii)

The Coal Block Utkal A and Gopalprasad West (west) earlier allotted to MJSJ Coal Limited, a subsidiary of MCL has now been allotted to

MCL. The Cost of Land payable to previous allotted through nominated authority, MOC. However as the compensation amount is not yet

claimed, hence the cost of land is not capitalised.

iii)

Land at Baliapanda Mouza, Puri: 5 acres of land at Baliapanda Mouza, Puri amounting to `0.94 crores (including deposit for boundary

wall) taken as lease from Puri Municipality with a lease period of 99 years w.e.f. 01.04.1996. However, Tahsildar Puri vide his office memo no.

7206 dated 21.08.2004 addressed to the Collector Puri with a copy to MCL, Bhubaneswar stated that the said area comes under the “Sweat

water zone” and it has been declared as restricted area by the Govt. in Housing and Urban Development Department. Though the said land

comes under Sweat Water Zone, Tahsildar, Puri has accepted ground rent along with cess till 2008-09. Further D(P), MCL vide letter no. 4707

dated 08.01.2019, requested to Collector, Puri for early hand over of alternate land to start the stall project. Letter has been written to Collector,

Puri by DGM, MCL on 05.12.2019 for allotment of alternative patch of land. Subsequently,Dy. GM , MCL and CM (Mining) met collector , Puri

on 18.12.2020. Collector opined that the land was wrongly leased by Municipality to MCL beyond their jurisdiction, hence Municipality cannot

allot any alternative land in favour of MCL and suggested for apply of refund of premium of land earlier deposited with Municipality ,Puri. MCL

has applied for refund with Municipality, Puri and the matter is under process.

iv)

On 24th September 2014, the Hon’ble Supreme Court cancelled allocation of 204 coal blocks made during 1993-2012 citing the

allocation process as arbitrary and allocations as illegal. Accordingly the Coal Block namely Utkal A (including Gopal prasad west) and Talabira

II & III (MNH Shakti Limited, subsidiary of MCL) allocated earlier in favour of the Group also got de-allocated.

v)

As per the provisions of the Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Act 2015, the Government has allocated Talabira II & III coal block to Neyveli

Lignite Corporation Limited (one of the previous allottees) as communicated vide its letter dated 17th February 2016. MHN Shakti Ltd., a

subsidiary of MCL is entitled to get compensation from the new allottee through the Nominated Authority, MoC towards the amount spent by

it for acquisition of land, capital work in progress and intangible assets. The compensation is being determined by the Nominated Authority

under the Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Act and will be received by the company in phased manner. The company has received `18.55 Crore

in FY 2016-17 towards Geological Report and Railway Siding etc.

k) Misappropriation, Fraud, Excess payment, theft etc. cases

i)

During the financial year 2013-14, a case of misappropriation of Company’s fund for personal gain came to the notice of the management.

The matter has been investigated by different agencies and appropriate action for recovery is underway. As per the estimate of the internal

audit department of Coal India Limited, the amount involved is `1.17 Crore approximately.

ii)

One fraud case has been cropped up at Sohagpur Area in respect of salary/ wages billing by a clerk amounting to `0.16 Crore, out of which

`0.09 Crore has been deposited by him. Balance amount is not recovered till date and involved person has been terminated from the

service. The case is being investigated by CBI, Jabalpur and is under trial, prosecution evidence stage at CBI Trial Court, Jabalpur.

iii)

Excess payment is reported to be made to a security agency at Bishrampur Area amounting to `1.21 Crore. The cases are being dealt by

CBI, Raipur and is under trial stage and at prosecution evidence stage.

iv)

Excess payment is reported to be made to a security agency at Korba Area amounting to `0.32 Crore. The cases is being dealt by CBI,

Raipur and is in trial and at prosecution evidence stage.

v)

Excess payment is reported to be made to security agency at Jamuna Kotma Area amounting to `1.40 Crore. The case is being dealt by CBI

Jabalpur and is under trial and at prosecution evidence stage.

vi)

Excess payment is reported to be made to a security agency at Johilla Area amounting to `1.10 Crore. The case is being dealt by CBI,

Jabalpur and is under trial pre charge Stage.

Managing Director & CEO

Director (P & IR)

DIN- 00279727

DIN- 03636743

(Sunil Kumar Mehta)

(M.Viswanathan)

General Manager (Finance)/CFO

Company Secretary

Dated : 25th May, 2022

Place : Kolkata:

Managing Director

Coal India Limited

I am pleased to present Coal India Limited's first

‘Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report’

(BRSR).

This

replaces

the

earlier

Business

Responsibility Report and aims to establish a link

between the financial results of the business and

its ESG performance. BRSR requirements are

based on the National Guidelines for Responsible

Business Conduct.

BRSR reflects our commitment to govern business

with ethics, transparency, accountability, being

responsive to stakeholders and committed to

customers.

The

aim

is

to

achieve

business

excellence and long-term value in sustainable and

responsible manner.

This is reflected in our resilient response to the

Covid-19 pandemic on two fronts. On one hand,

we have focused on containing its spread in the

mining areas and scaled up the health care

measures of not only our own employees but also

of society within the proximity. On other hand we

have kept up the pace of our output to the best

possible extent and introduced a slew of consumer

friendly measures to lift our off-take.

Coal

India

supports

India's

commitment

of

Intended Nationally Determined Contributions and

aim to become a net-zero company by FY 2027.

Pursuing Solar Projects of 3 GW capacity and

minimizing the carbon footprint in environment

friendly transportation of coal through first mile

connectivity projects are important strides in this

direction.:

letter received from the Gram

Panchayats to ECL for illuminating the roads through

the installation of streetlights.

The said CSR initiative has covered 127 villages in West Bengal's Paschim Bardhaman District, with

approximately 2518 solar streetlights installed. We have gone one step further and considered the budget

for the upkeep of the installed streetlights. The total project cost, including the maintenance plan, is

estimated to be INR 3.12 Crore.

The streetlight project illuminated the village roads, increasing working hours for daily wage earners,

providing safety for women and children, lowering the percentage of road accidents at night, especially

during rainy seasons and reaping various other benefits. Installing streetlights has increased trade and

commerce in the community, as shopkeepers are now open until late. Theft and anti-social behaviour are

now less prevalent than when the streets were dark.

More villages are being identified and the project is being replicated so that such rural development

initiatives can also benefit remote villages near the ECL mine.

2518 Street

lights installed

INR 3.12

Crore Spent

Studies for project

replication

initiated

2518 Street

lights installed

127 Villages

Covered

Dusk to Dawn : Lighting Up streets of 127 villages through 2518 Solar Street Lights

Who are we?

Stakeholder engagement

& Materiality

Environment

Social

Governance

GRI Index

Fig. - Installed streetlights in 127 villages in West Bengal's Paschim Bardhaman District

Success Study:

Letter No.

Date of EC: letter

Weblink

1

CCL

Amrapali OC

J-11015/109/2003-

IA(M)

10.05.2021

https://www.centralcoalfields.in/pdfs/sutbs/envrm

nt/19_05_2021_EC_Amrapali_OCP.pdf

2

CCL

North Urimari OC

J-11015/307/2005-

IA-II(M)

18.02.2022

http://164.100.213.216/E-

Sign/Esign/ECL_AUTH_191B43_IA_JH_CMIN_182314

_2020.pdf

3

MCL

Kulda OC

J-11015/10/1995-

IA(M)

14.02.2022

https://www.mahanadicoal.in/Environment/pdf/EC/

Kulda%2019.6%20Mty%20EC.pdf

4

MCL

Garjanbahal OC

Expn

J-11015/159/2015-

IA-II(M)

14.02.2022

https://www.mahanadicoal.in/Environment/pdf/EC/

Garjanbahal%2015.6%20Mty%20EC.pdf

5

SECL

Gevra OC

J-11015/85/2010-

IA.II(M)

10.05.2021

http://www.secl-

cil.in/writereaddata/EC%20GEVRA%2049.pdf

6

SECL

Amadand OC

J-11015/46/2002-

IA.II(M)

18.02.2022

http://www.secl-

cil.in/writereaddata/EC_AmadandOCP4MTY.pdf

7

SECL

Kanchan OC

J-11015/574/2007-

IA(M)

18.11.2021

http://www.secl-

cil.in/writereaddata/kanchan_oc.pdf

8

WCL

Makardhokra-I OC

J-11015/54/2006-IA-

II (M)

20.05.2021

http://103.59.142.228:8081/wclweb/12027_162157

6604198.pdf

9

WCL

Makardhokra-I OC

J-11015/54/2006-IA-

II(M)

21.03.2022

http://103.59.142.250:8080/website_250521/sites/

default/files/userfiles/MAKARDHOKARA-I_OC.pdf

10

WCL

Mugoli Nirguda

Deep OC

J-11015/299/2010-

IA-II(M)

11.01.2022

http://103.59.142.250:8080/website_250521/sites/

default/files/userfiles/Exp_Mugoli_Nirguda_Extn_D

eep%20OCP.pdf

Principle 6 (11): Details of environmental impact assessments of projects undertaken by the

entity based on applicable laws, in the current financial year:

S.

No.

Name of

Project

for which

R&R is

ongoing

State

District

No. of

Project

Affected

Families

(PAFs) as

per PR

No of PAFs covered by R&R

% of

PAFs

covered

by R&R

Amounts paid to PAFs in the FY (In lakhs INR)*

2019-20 2020-21 2021-22 2022-23

(till date)Total

2019-20 2020-21 2021-22 2022-23

(till date) Total

1

Piparwar

JHARKHA

ND

Chatra

423

97

4

0

32

133

31.44%

370.42

16.93

0

0

387.35

2

Ashoka

650

0

32

23

0

55

8.46%

0

175.33

24.12

199.45

3

Purnadih

578

10

32

2

0

44

7.61%

43.87

8.447

6

0

58.317

4

Magadh

1132

(21

houses*

*

demolish

ed)

0

(160

houses*

*

demolish

ed)

0

0

0.00%

34.78

0

75.64

29.63

140.05

5

Birsa

Ramgarh

545

4

60

74

11

149

27.34%

6

222.67

605.16

0

833.83

6

Topa

433

26

10

4

0

40

9.24%

83.75

489.22

8.1

0

581.07

7

Karma

131

4

5

2

0

11

8.40%

15.2

1.2

0

0

16.4

8

Tetariakh

ar

Latehar

185

0

30

0

0

30

16.22%

0

123.69

0

0

123.69

9

Parej

Hazariba

gh

330

0

0

0

25

25

7.58%

0

0

0

230.23

230.23

Principle 8 Indicator (2): Provide information on project(s) for which ongoing Rehabilitation and

Resettlement (R&R) is being undertaken by your entity, in the following format:

Annexure 5

