Letter from our President and Chief Executive Officer

Dear Fellow Stockholders

Montauk Renewables had an exciting and transformational 2021. We completed our initial public offering in the U.S. and

became listed on the Nasdaq stock exchange. This important milestone enabled us to raise additional capital to invest into our

developmental growth while providing an enhanced platform to grow and expand our business over the long-term.

The renewable fuel market is witnessing increasing demand driven by a multitude of factors in our view, including growing

public support for renewable energy, increasing public policy initiatives to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, and expanding

capital investment into the renewable energy sector. In that context, Montauk achieved a more than 45% increase in our

revenues in 2021, while continuing to execute on our core growth initiatives. We invested nearly $10 million into our existing

project assets, while continuing our disciplined approach to cash management evidenced by our strong liquidity position.

Throughout our more than 30 years of developing and operating renewable energy projects, we have consistently followed a

prudent and thoughtful approach to investing in and diversifying our project portfolio. Our prudence has paid off, resulting in

the Company’s current profitable, positive operating cash flows and complimentary project portfolio that supports our long-

term growth objectives. We intend to build on this momentum in 2022 and beyond.

In 2021, we refined our strategic planning objectives to focus on the following core business areas that we believe currently

represent the greatest growth opportunities for Montauk Renewables:

•

Expansion of agricultural-waste renewable natural gas projects;

•

Diversification from U.S. EPA’s renewable fuel standard; and

•

Optimization of our existing project portfolio and assets

We pursued our stated growth strategy in various ways during 2021, highlighted by our acquisition of a privately-held entity in

North Carolina through a newly formed wholly-owned subsidiary, Montauk Ag Renewables, and agreement with Iogen RC

Fuels, Ltd. The Montauk Ag Renewables acquisition complements and advances our expansion into livestock-waste derived

renewable natural gas projects. Once optimized and scaled, we believe the Montauk Ag Renewables intellectual property and

assets provide us significant opportunities to grow our existing project portfolio. The agreement with Iogen opens the

European Union as a new market for the sale of our products. We believe this long-term agreement provides us important

international market access that complements our existing U.S.-focused market presence.

Finally, I am pleased with the tremendous progress we achieved in 2021, made possible through the dedication and expertise

of our employees. In addition, I would like to thank our suppliers and customers for their continued support. In 2022, I am

excited to build upon our recent success and further execute against our strategic plan to accelerate our growth and financial

performance.

Thank you for your continued support as a Montauk Renewables investor.

Sincerely,

Sean McClain

President and Chief Executive Officer:

letter of intent or at all.

The acquisition, financing, construction and development of new projects involves numerous risks,

including:

•

difficulties in identifying, obtaining and permitting suitable sites for new projects;

•

failure to obtain all necessary rights to land access and use;

•

assumptions with respect to the cost and schedule for completing construction;

•

assumptions with respect to the biogas potential, including quality, volume, and asset life, for new

projects;

•

the ability to obtain financing for a project on acceptable terms or at all;

•

delays in deliveries or increases in the prices of equipment;

•

permitting and other regulatory issues, license revocation and changes in legal requirements;

-25-:

Letter Agreement, dated as of January 3, 2021, to the Transaction Implementation Agreement,

dated as of November 6, 2020, between Montauk Renewables, Inc., Montauk Holdings Limited

and Montauk Holdings USA, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 Amendment No. 3 to

our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-251312), filed January 8, 2021)

2.3+

Membership Interest and Asset Purchase Agreement, dated May 10, 2021, by and among J.P.

Carroll & Co., LLC, Eagle Creek Ranch, L.L.C., NR Nutrient Recovery, LLC, Joseph P. Carroll,

Jr., Martin A. Redeker and Montauk Swine Ag, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to

our Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39919), filed on May 11, 2021)

2.4+

Real Estate Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated May 10, 2021, by and among Greensboro

Ecosystems, LLC and Montauk Swine Ag, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to our

Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39919), filed on May 11, 2021)

3.1

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Montauk Renewables, Inc. (incorporated by

reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Amendment No. 3 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1

(File No. 333-251312), filed January 8, 2021)

-106-:

