letter dated 28th January, 2022,

had withdrawn the nomination of Mr. Samir

Chawla from the Board of the Company with

effect from the said date on account of his

resignation from the services of JMFARC and

nominated Mr. Nirav Parekh (DIN: 09505075)

as its nominee on the Board of the Company.

Accordingly, the Board of Directors of the

Company at its meeting held on 3rd March,

2022, based on the recommendation of the

Nomination and Remuneration Committee and

pursuant to the provisions of Section 161(1) of

the Act read with the Articles of Association of

the Company, had approved the appointment

of Mr. Nirav Parekh as Nominee Director

(Non-Executive) representing JMFARC, with

effect from 3rd March, 2022. Further, the said

appointment was approved by the Members

of the Company by way of Postal Ballot on

6th April, 2022.

(b) Composition:

The current composition of the Board is in

accordance with the provisions of Section

149 of the Act and Regulation 17 of the Listing

Regulations. As on 31st March, 2022, the

composition of the Board is as follows:

Sr.

No.

Name of the Director

Designation

1.

Mr. A. Siddharth

(DIN:00016278 )

Non- Executive,

Independent Director

and Chairman of the

Board

2.

Ms. Mumtaz Bandukwala

(DIN:07129301)

Non- Executive,

Independent Director

3.

Mr. Rahul Dutt

(DIN:08872616)

Non- Executive,

Independent Director

4.

Mr. Hemant Desai

(DIN: 00008531)

Nominee Director

(Non- Executive)

representing RIL

5.

Mr. Anil Kumar Rajbanshi

(DIN:03370674)

Nominee Director

(Non- Executive)

representing RIL

6.

Mr. V. Ramachandran

(DIN:02032853)

Nominee Director

(Non- Executive)

representing RIL

7.

Mr. Nirav Parekh

(DIN:09505075)

Nominee Director

(Non- Executive)

representing JMFARC

(c) Retirement by Rotation:

In accordance with the provisions of the Act and

the Articles of Association of the Company, Mr.

Anil Kumar Rajbanshi (DIN: 03370674), retires

by rotation as a Director at the AGM and being

eligible, offers himself for reappointment.

A detailed profile of Mr. Anil Kumar Rajbanshi

along with additional information required under

Regulation 36(3) of the Listing Regulations and

Secretarial Standard on General Meetings is

provided separately by way of an Annexure to

the Notice of the AGM which forms part of this

Annual Report.

ii.

Key Managerial personnel:

As on 31st March, 2022, following are the Key

Managerial Personnel of the Company:

a)

Mr. Sunil O. Khandelwal - Manager

b)

Mr. Bijay Agrawal - Chief Financial Officer

c)

Mr. Hitesh Kanani - Company Secretary and

Compliance Officer.

There were no changes in the Key Managerial

Personnel during the year.:

Managing Director, Gujarat Chemical Port Limited

("GCPL"), a joint venture of RIL and Six PSUs of Govt.

of Gujarat. GCPL has modern port infrastructure and

facilities for handling 5 MMTPA and chemicals. He is

part of the core leadership team at RIL for the past

more than three decades. He is Advisor and Mentor

in RIL Group leading diverse corporate initiatives

of Petrochemicals Complex at Hazira and Dahej,

Man-made fibres business, Jamnagar Refinery and

SEZ, its related industrial infrastructure of Power,

Ports, Petroleum and Gas Pipelines, Petro-Retail

outlets. He is also actively involved with RIL’s fast

growing Consumer businesses of Retail, Jio 4G and

Broadband.

He

is

spearheading

various

business

and

public institutions as Chairman of Hazira Area

Industries

Association

("HAIA")

(Hazira

has

attracted investments worth US$ 27 Bn), Board of

Management of Hazira Notified Area and Gujarat

Captive Jetty Association.

He is a Member of Governing Bodies of Deemed

Universities - Auro University, and Sarvjanik

University, Surat Gujarat.

•

Mr. Anil Kumar Rajbanshi, Nominee Director (Non-

Executive) representing RIL

Mr. Anil Kumar Rajbanshi (DIN: 03370674), aged 65

years, is Non-Executive Director of the Company.

Mr. Rajbanshi is a Director of The Synthetic & Rayon

Textiles Export Promotion Council ("SRTEPC"). He

is also the member of the National Committee of

Textiles of CII and FICCI. He represents RIL and

SRTEPC in Textiles Committee and represents RIL

at Sasmira. He has many years of experience of

working with major fibre producers and has been

involved with the Indian Man-made fibre textiles

industry since 1989.

He was the first Indian to have been knighted in

2008 by Government of Malaysia with the title

“Datuk”.:

Managing Director(s) and Whole-time

Director(s) based on their performance and

defined assessment criteria.

•

Administer, monitor and formulate detailed

terms and conditions of the Employees’ Stock

Option Schemes.

•

Review

information

on

recruitment

and

remuneration of senior officers just below

the level of Board of Directors, including

appointment or removal of Chief Financial

Officer and the Company Secretary.

•

Review significant labour problems and their

proposed solutions.

•

Review significant development in Human

Resources / Industrial Relations front like

signing of wage agreement, implementation of

Voluntary Retirement Scheme etc.

•

Recommend to the Board, all remuneration, in

whatever form, payable to senior management.

•

Carry out any other function as is mandated by

the Board from time to time and / or enforced

by any statutory notification, amendment or

modification as may be applicable.



Criteria for Board Membership

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee

has laid down the following criteria for Board

Membership:

(i)

Directors

•

Must have relevant experience in Finance/

Law/

Management/

Sales/Marketing/

Administration/ Research / Corporate

Governance / Technical Operations or the

other disciplines related to Company’s

business.

•

Should possess the highest personal and

professional ethics, integrity and values.

•

Must be willing to devote sufficient time

and energy in carrying out their duties and

responsibilities.

•

Any person to be appointed as Director

shall not possess the disqualifications

contained in the Act.

(ii) Independent Director

•

An Independent Director shall comply

and meet with all the criteria laid down

in Listing Regulations and the Act read

with the Rules made thereunder. Further,

the Independent Director shall adhere

to the Code of Conduct adopted by the

Company.



Performance evaluation criteria of Independent

Directors

Independent Directors are evaluated based on

parameters such as qualification, experience,

knowledge and competency, fulfilment of functions,

ability to function as a team, initiative, commitment,

independence, independent views and judgement,

availability, attendance and participation in the

discussion at the Meetings, adherence to the Code

of Conduct of the Company as well as the Code for

Independent Directors as applicable, understanding

the environment in which the Company operates

and contribution to strategic decision and raising

valid concerns at the Board, interpersonal relations

with other directors and management, objective

evaluation of Board’s performance, rendering

independent unbiased opinion, safeguarding of

confidential information and maintaining integrity.



Nomination and Remuneration Policy

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee is

fully empowered to determine/approve and revise,

subject to necessary approvals, the remuneration

of managerial personnel after taking into account

the financial position of the Company, trends

in the industry, qualifications, experience, past

performance and past remuneration, etc. The

Non-Executive, Non- Independent Directors have

waived their sitting fees for attending Board and

Committee meetings.

As required by Section 178(3) of the Act and

Regulation 19 of the Listing Regulations the Company

has adopted Nomination and Remuneration Policy.

The Policy is available on the Company’s website

and can be accessed through the link: https://

www.alokind.com/Investor_Relations-pdf/Policies/

Remuneration_Policy.pdf and is also annexed and

marked as Annexure-3 to the Directors’ Report.



Remuneration to Directors

(i)

Pecuniary relationship and transactions of

Non-Executive Directors with the Company

•

Nominee Directors (Non-Executive) have

waived their sitting fees for attending

Board and Committee meetings. The

Company has not entered into any

pecuniary relationship with any Non -

Executive Director.

(ii) Criteria of making payment to Non-executive

Directors

•

Since Nominee Directors (Non-Executive)

have waived their sitting fees for attending

Board and Committee meetings, other

Non-executive Directors may be paid

sitting fees for attending the Meetings of

the Board and of Committees of which:

letter dated 17th June, 2019 in relation to delay in submission

of quarterly financial results for the quarter ending March,

2019 and by BSE Limited vide email dated 19th September,

2018 and: letter dated 17th June, 2019 in relation to delay

in submission of quarterly financial results for the quarters

ending June, 2018 and March, 2019 respectively, required

to be submitted with the Stock Exchanges under Regulation

33 of the Listing Regulations. The Company had provided

suitable explanations in this regard to the Stock Exchanges.

The Company thereafter paid `81,000/- to National Stock

Exchange of India Limited on 13th February, 2020 towards

delay of 14 days in submission of financial results for the

quarter and year ended 31st March, 2019.

The Company had complied with and adopted the mandatory

requirements of the Listing Regulations except (i) non-

compliance with respect to submission of financial results

mentioned in above paragraph, and (ii) non-compliance with

respect to the disclosures and filings required to be submitted

by the Company, with respect to non-convertible debentures

issued by the Company, with the Stock Exchanges under

the Listing Regulations. The Company has vide e-mail dated

16th November, 2018 to SEBI confirmed the compliance of

the relevant provisions under the Listing Regulations dealing

with disclosures and submissions required to be made with

respect to non-convertible debentures for the period ending

30th September, 2018. Further, the Company has sought

relief from the non-compliance of the certain provisions of the

Listing Regulations for the period prior to commencement of

the Corporate Insolvency Resolution Process of the Company.

SEBI had, post conclusion of the hearing in the subject matter,

imposed a penalty of ` 12 lakhs on the Company, which was

contested at the Securities Appellate Tribunal, Mumbai (“SAT”).

SAT had ruled that no penalty is payable and this decision has

been contested by SEBI at the Supreme Court. A decision in

this regard is awaited.

letter from the management on the

assessment of these matters.

Other Information

The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information

included in the Board of Directors report, management discussion and analysis section of the annual report, corporate

governance report and business responsibility report, but does not include the standalone financial statements and our

auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the standalone financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of

assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the standalone financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in

doing so, consider whether such other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge

obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude

that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in

this regard.

Responsibilities of Management for the Standalone Financial Statements

The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the matters stated in section 134(5) of the Act with respect to the

preparation of these standalone financial statements that give a true and fair view of the financial position, financial performance

including other comprehensive income, cash flows and changes in equity of the Company in accordance with the accounting

principles generally accepted in India, including the Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) specified under section 133 of

the Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended. This responsibility also includes

maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding of the assets of the

Company and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and application of appropriate accounting

policies; making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and the design, implementation and maintenance

of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the

accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the standalone financial statements that give a true and

fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the standalone financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue

as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting

unless management either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those Board of Directors are also responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process.:

letter of comfort to Alok Infrastructure Limited, wholly owned subsidiary Company

in order to meet its financial obligations. As on 31st March, 2022, management has assessed that the possibility of

outflow of resources embodying economic benefits with respect to the: letter of comfort issued is remote.

2

Claims / Debts against the Company upto the closing date which are addressed under the NCLT approved resolution

plan are not included in contingent liabilities though many of such claims / debts may be pending for disposal at

various judicial forums. As per clause 3.3.4 of the aforesaid resolution plan, these liabilities stands extinguished.

Accordingly, the management has assessed that the possibility of outflow of resources embodying economic benefits

with respect to such claims / debts is remote.

3

All direct and indirect tax liabilities relating to assessments of earlier year upto the closing date stand extinguished as

per the NCLT approved resolution plan. Further, the implementation of the resolution plan does not have any effect

over claims or receivables owed to the Company. Accordingly, the Company has assessed that any receivables due

to the Company, evaluated based on merits of underlying litigations, from various governmental agencies continues

to subsist.

4

The Company has entered into Gas Sale Agreement (GSA) / Gas Transmission Agreement (GTA) dated 27th May,

2013 with GAIL India Limited (‘GAIL’) for the supply of re-liquified natural gas (RLNG) to the delivery point and for

transmission of gas from the delivery point to the unit. The tenure of the agreements was for a period of 15 years and

includes a take or pay clause (ToP) in the contract. Upto the closing date i.e 14th September, 2020, GAIL had raised

claims of ` 1,090 crores invoking the ToP clause under the contract. GAIL was covered as an operational creditor

under the NCLT approved resolution plan which provides for Nil payment if dues of operational creditors are above

` 3 lacs. Aggrieved by the order, GAIL had filed an appeal with National Company Law Appellate Tribunal (NCLAT),

which has been dismissed by the latter by order dated October 4, 2021. Subsequently, the Hon’ble Supreme Court

has also dismissed GAIL’s appeal vide its order dated March 21, 2022, however the question of law is kept open.

Accordingly, the aforesaid claim / demand upto the closing date has been considered as remote.

The NCLT and NCLAT orders supra with respect to the GAIL matter also state that, post the closing date, if GAIL

wishes to continue supply of gas to the Company, it may separately negotiate the same with the Company and

the same does not fall within the ambit of the Resolution Plan. Basis this, both the parties are negotiating various

operational aspects of the agreement, including those relating to ToP liability post the closing date for which GAIL

has raised claims on the Company. The Company has requested GAIL for waiver of all claims raised on the Company

towards ToP post the closing date and has assessed that in a situation the ToP liability is not waived by GAIL, the

Company has an equal right under the gas sale agreement to pick up equivalent gas upto the end of the Recovery

Company on account of such receipt of the Outstanding

Trading Dues) shall be deposited in a designated escrow

account (“Escrow Account”) to be opened in the name of

the Company.

Accordingly, the Company has an obligation to deposit

into the escrow account any collections received out of

the “Outstanding Trading Dues” or otherwise, as stated

above, for the benefit of the Financial Creditors and as a

result therefore, the risk and reward associated with the

Outstanding Trading Dues now belong to the Financial

Creditors. The Company has not received any amounts

towards Outstanding Trading Dues in the current year.

letter from the Holding Company’s

management on the assessment of these matters.

•

In respect of the key audit matter reported to us by the auditor

of Alok Infrastructure Limited, we performed inquiry of the

audit procedures performed by them to address the key

audit matter. As reported to us by the subsidiary auditor, the

following procedures have been performed by them:

o

Obtained and read the consent award dated June 17,

2017 between the subsidiary Company and Peninsula

Land Limited.

o

Examined management assessment with respect to

classification as a contingent liability and obtained

representation: letter from the management.

AudITOR’S REpORT on Consolidated Financial Statement

Other Information

The Holding Company’s Board of

Letter, etc., together with attested specimen

signature(s) of the duly authorized representative(s) at

bhattvirendra1945@yahoo.co.in with a copy marked

to

evoting@nsdl.co.in.

Such

authorization

shall

contain necessary authority in favour of its authorized

representative(s).

9.

Members / Proxies / Authorized Representatives are

requested to bring to the Meeting necessary details of

their shareholding, attendance slip(s) and copy(ies) of

Annual Report.

10. In case of joint holders, the Member whose name

appears as first holder in the order of names as per the

Register of Members of the Company will be entitled to

vote at the AGM.

11.

Members of the Company under the category of

‘Institutional Investors’ are encouraged to attend and

vote at the AGM.

12. The Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel

and their shareholding maintained under Section 170 of

the Act and the Register of Contracts or Arrangements

in which the Directors are interested, maintained under

Section 189 of the Act and other documents as referred

in the Notice are available for inspection by the Members

at the Registered Office of the Company during business

hours on all working days except Saturdays, Sundays

and National Holidays up to the date of the AGM.

13. A person, whose name is recorded in the Register

of Members or in the Register of Beneficial Owners

maintained by the Depositories as on the Cut-off Date i.e.

19th July, 2022 only shall be entitled to avail the facility

of remote e-voting. A person who is not a Member as on

the Cut-off Date, should treat the Notice for information

purpose only.

14. MCA has notified provisions relating to unpaid /

unclaimed dividend under Sections 124 and 125 of

the Act and Investor Education and Protection Fund

(Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016

("IEPF Rules"). As per these Rules, dividends which are

not encashed / claimed by the Member for a period

of seven consecutive years shall be transferred to

the Investor Education and Protection Fund ("IEPF")

Authority. The IEPF Rules also mandate the companies to

transfer the shares of Members whose dividends remain

unpaid / unclaimed for a period of seven consecutive

years to the demat account of IEPF Authority.

15. The Company has transferred the unpaid / unclaimed

dividends declared, from time to time, to the IEPF

Authority established by the Central Government. Details

of dividends so far transferred to the IEPF Authority

are available on the Company’s website and can be

accessed through the link: https://www.alokind.com/

Investor_Relations-pdf/Shareholders_Information/IEPF/

Unclaimed_Equity_Dividend_Amount_Transferred_to_

IEPF.pdf and have also been uploaded on the website

of the IEPF Authority at www.iepf.gov.in. Further, the

Company has also transferred to the IEPF Authority all

the shares in respect of which dividend had remained

unpaid / unclaimed for seven consecutive years or more

as on the due date of transfer. Details of the shares so

far transferred to the IEPF Authority are available on

the Company’s website and can be accessed through

the link: https://www.alokind.com/Investor_Relations-

pdf/Shareholders_Information/IEPF/List_of_Shares_

transferred_to_IEPF.pdf. The said details have also

been uploaded on the website of the IEPF Authority at

www.iepf.gov.in. Members may note that the shares

as well as unclaimed dividends transferred to IEPF

Authority can be claimed back from the IEPF Authority.

16. Members of the Company whose unclaimed dividend or

the shares associated therewith have been transferred:

Letter, etc. with attested specimen

signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies)

who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer:

Letter, etc. by clicking on

"Upload Board Resolution / Authority: Letter"

displayed under "e-voting" tab in their login.

2.

It is strongly recommended not to share

your password with any other person and

take utmost care to keep your password

confidential. Login to the e-voting website will

be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to

key in the correct password. In such an event,

you will need to go through the “Forgot User

Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset

Password?” option available on www.evoting.

nsdl.com to reset the password.

3.

In case of any queries, you may refer the

Frequently Asked Questions ("FAQs") for

Members and e-voting user manual for

Members available at the download section of

www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll free no.:

1800 1020 990 and 1800 22 44 30 or send a

request to Ms. Soni Singh, Assistant Manager,

at evoting@nsdl.co.in.

C) Process for those Members whose e-mail

ids are not registered with the depositories

for procuring user id and password and

registration of e-mail ids for e-voting for the

resolutions set out in this Notice:

1.

In case shares are held in physical

mode please provide Folio No., Name

of Member, scanned copy of the share

certificate (front and back) or Letter of

Confirmation, PAN (self-attested scanned

copy of PAN Card), AADHAR (self-attested

scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by e-mail to

rnt.helpdesk@linkintime.co.in.

2.

In case shares are held in demat mode,

please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID

+ CLID or 16 digit beneficiary ID), Name,

Client Master or copy of Consolidated

Account Statement, PAN (self-attested

scanned copy of PAN Card), AADHAR

(self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar

Card) to investor.relations@alokind.com

or RTA at rnt.helpdesk@linkintime.co.in.

If you are an Individual Members holding

shares in demat mode, you are requested

to refer to the login method explained at

Step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-voting

for Individual Members holding shares in

demat mode.

3.

Alternatively, Members may send a request

to evoting@nsdl.co.in for procuring user id

and password for e-voting by providing

above mentioned documents.

4.

In terms of SEBI circular dated 9th

December, 2020 on e-voting facility

provided by Listed Companies, Individual

Members holding shares in demat mode

are allowed to vote through their demat

account maintained with Depositories

and Depository Participants. Members are

required to update their mobile number

and e-mail ID correctly in their demat

account in order to access e-voting facility.

26. The facility for ballot / polling paper shall be made

available at the AGM and the Members attending AGM

who have not cast their vote by remote e-voting shall be

able to vote at the AGM through ballot / polling paper.

27. Members who have voted through remote e-voting will

be eligible to attend the AGM. However, they will not be

eligible to vote at the AGM.

28. Any person, who acquires the shares of the Company

and becomes Member of the Company after dispatch of

the Notice and holding the shares as of the cut-off date

i.e. 19th July, 2022 may obtain the login ID and password

by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in.

29. A person, whose name is recorded in the Register

of Members or in the Register of Beneficial Owners

maintained by the depositories as on the cut-off date

only shall be entitled to avail the facility of remote

e-voting as well as voting at the AGM through ballot

paper.

30. The Scrutinizer shall after the conclusion of voting at

the AGM, first scrutinize the votes cast at the Meeting

and thereafter unblock the votes cast through remote

e-voting in the presence of at least two witnesses not

in the employment of the Company and shall make and

submit, a consolidated scrutinizer’s report of the total

votes cast in favour or against, if any, to the

