Managing Director

DIN 00089358

Encl.: As above.:

Managing Director

Anuj Poddar

Executive Director

Madhur Bajaj

Rajiv Bajaj

Pooja Bajaj

Harsh Vardhan Goenka

Shailesh Haribhakti

Dr. Indu Shahani

Munish Khetrapal

Dr. Rajendra Prasad Singh

COMPANY SECRETARY

Ajay Nagle

AUDITORS

S R B C & Co. LLP,

Chartered Accountants

SECRETARIAL AUDITOR

Anant B. Khamankar & Co.

Practicing Company Secretaries

COST AUDITOR

R. Nanabhoy & Co.

Cost Accountants

BANKERS

State Bank of India | Bank of India | Union

Bank of India | Yes Bank Ltd. | IDBI Bank

Ltd. | HDFC Bank Ltd. | ICICI Bank Ltd.

REGISTERED OFFICE

45/47, Veer Nariman Road,

Mumbai - 400 001

CIN: L31500MH1938PLC009887

CORPORATE OFFICE

i. 001, 502, 701 & 801, Rustomjee

Aspiree, Off Eastern Express Highway,

Bhanu Shankar Yagnik Marg, Sion (E),

Mumbai - 400 022

ii. Mulla House, 51 M. G. Road, Fort,

Mumbai 400 001

FACTORIES

Chakan Unit | Ranjangaon Unit | Wind

Farm Unit | Shikohabad Unit |

Parwanoo Unit

BRANCH OFFICES

Ahmedabad | Bangalore | Bhubaneswar |

Chandigarh | Chennai | Cochin | Dehradun |

Delhi | Guwahati | Hyderabad | Indore |

Jaipur | Kolkata | Kundli | Lucknow |

Mumbai | Nagpur | Noida | Patna | Pune |

Raipur | Ranchi | Vijaywada

DEPOTS

Ahmedabad | Bangalore | Luhari |

Coimbatore | Hyderabad | Kolkata |

Lucknow | Mumbai | Nagpur | Noida |

Patna | Zirakpur

CENTRAL WAREHOUSES

Luhari | Mumbai | Vapi

OVERSEAS REPRESENTATIVE

/ LIAISON OFFICES

China | Dubai | Kenya | Togo | Zambia

On Friday, the 12th day of August, 2022 at 03.00 PM (IST) through Video Conferencing / Other Audio Visual Means.

Annual General Meeting

WHAT'S INSIDE

Corporate Overview

Corporate Information

Introducing the Integrated Report

About Bajaj Group

About Bajaj Electricals

Our Offerings:

CHAIRMAN'S COMMUNIQUE

Your Company generated very strong

cash flow from operations of J 914

crore. As a result, we have achieved a

significant milestone of achieving net-

debt-free status as on 31st March, 2022.: DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,

It gives me pleasure to share with you,

your Company’s performance for the year

2021-22.

While it has been a tough environment

due to the continuing impact of the

pandemic, the unprecedented commodity

cost inﬂation and the repercussions of the

Russia-Ukraine war, we have continued to

maintain our focus on our transformation

journey and our strategic goals. Let me ﬁrst

share an operational update and then cover

the more important strategic overview.

During the year under review, our total

revenues from operations grew from

H 4,585 crore (in the previous year) to

H 4,813 crore. Our Proﬁt Before Exceptional

Items and Tax declined from

H 221 crore in 2020-21 to H 180 crore. Our

Proﬁt after Tax declined from H 189 crore

in 2020-21 to H 124 crore. However, your

Company generated very strong cash ﬂow

from operations of H 914 crore. As a result,

we have achieved a signiﬁcant milestone

of achieving net-debt-free status as on 31st

March, 2022. As you know, addressing

our high debt situation has been a key

strategic goal for us. We have maintained

a laser-focus on generating cash from

operations, consistently over the last 12

quarters, which has allowed us to achieve

this milestone. Hereon, we will continue to

strengthen our balance sheet to support

our growth aspirations.

Our Consumer Products segment delivered

growth of 13.7% on a full-year basis. The

segmental PBIT dropped from H 320 crore in

2020-21 to H 270 crore. This has primarily

been due to the commodity costs inﬂation

impacting margins. However, that has not

deterred us from continuing to maintain

our focus and investments towards new

product launches, brand revitalisation and

other key initiatives.

Our EPC segment maintained its focus

towards execution of the current projects

on hand. We continued to drive successful

closure of legacy projects in the Power

Distribution business and reduced our

receivables signiﬁcantly. Our Power

Transmission business commissioned

projects during the year. As a testimony

to our focus over the past couple of years

on project management excellence, our

team has successfully executed complex

projects in a time-bound and proﬁtable

manner. As a testimony to our focus

over the past couple of years on project

management excellence, our team has

successfully executed complex projects in

a time-bound and proﬁtable manner. This

includes 765 KV Ajmer Phagi TL for PGCIL

(ahead of schedule and on a proﬁtable

basis) and a highly challenging monopole

project for MMRDA that really showcases

our capabilities. We have exited the year

with a stronger order book that augurs

well for the business. On an overall basis,

we are conﬁdent of the business becoming

proﬁtable in the current year and growing

proﬁtably hereon.

Our Illumination business has been a

clear outperformer in its industry, having

clocked 16% revenue growth even as the

industry de-grew. More hearteningly, the

business has turned around to deliver an

operating proﬁt. The turn around is on the

back of several new specialised product

launches, innovations, key orders wins and

better operational execution. In the years

to come, we see this business becoming

a strong growth driver and margin

contributor for us.

On the organisational front we continued

to drive many initiatives towards greater

institutionalisation and agility of the

Company. We undertook a delayering

exercise to create a ﬂatter organisation,

enhanced our talent pool, embarked

upon leadership development initiatives,

established a Diversity and Inclusion Council

and were re-certiﬁed as a 'Great Place To

Work, We went live with the ﬁrst phase

of our new ERP system in May, 2022 and

will complete the transition in this ﬁscal,

followed by several digital transformation

initiatives that are lined up.

During the previous year we announced

a scheme of arrangement whereby the

Power Transmission and Distribution

businesses would be demerged into a

separate listed company 'Bajel Projects

Limited'. This will result in a corporate

structure that is aligned to the distinct

needs of the respective businesses and

allow for sharper strategic focus on each

business, tailored capital structures and

agility for each entity to drive growth. This

has been a long-standing request from

many investors; we have chosen the timing

to do this from a position of strength,

having cleaned up the legacy issues, so that

both entities have a strong balance sheet as

well as capable leadership and teams

in place.

At a broader strategic level, we have now

achieved a clear milestone in our overall

transformation journey. 'Horizon One' of

this journey involved resolving the legacy

issues, taking various corporate actions,

establishing a strong ﬁnancial foundation,

putting in place the right people, processes

and systems and creating the framework

for our future growth. Despite the

challenges of the pandemic as well as the

unprecedented external volatility we have

demonstrated our ability to execute to

this strategic agenda through unwavering

pursuit of our goals. We are now at the

cusp of embarking on, 'Horizon Two',

of this journey. Quite simply, this will be

about focusing on establishing operational

excellence across all our businesses and

functions and delivering market-leading

growth over the next 3 years. We have

several initiatives lined up to deliver on this

agenda and will demonstrate the same

unwavering pursuit.

As we continue on our path to business

excellence, we are equally committed to

introducing sustainability-driven initiatives

to ensure that we create meaningful

value for all of our stakeholders. Being

a responsible organisation, we strive to

have a long-term good impact on the

environment and communities through

concerted efforts.

I would like to acknowledge and thank

all our employees and business associates

for all their contributions, efforts and

faith in driving our agenda through these

tough times. I would also like to thank my

colleagues on the Board for their support

and guidance to the Company. And I

remain grateful to you, our shareholders,

for trusting us and being a part of the Bajaj

Electricals family.

Managing Director

Harsh Vardhan Goenka

Independent

Director

Madhur Bajaj

Non-Executive

Director

Munish Khetrapal

Independent

Director

Pooja Bajaj

Non-Executive

Director

Dr. Rajendra Prasad Singh

Independent

Director

Anuj Poddar

Executive

Director

Shailesh Haribhakti

Independent

Director

Rajiv Bajaj

Non-Executive

Director

Dr. Indu Shahani

Independent

Director

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

STATUTORY REPORTS

83rd Annual Report 2021-22

18

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

19:

letter

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

STATUTORY REPORTS

83rd Annual Report 2021-22

62

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

63:

letter to LinkIntime mentioning

the name, folio no., bank details, self-attested PAN card and

original cancelled cheque leaf. In case of absence of name

of the first shareholder on the original cancelled cheque or

initials on the cheque, bank attested copy of first page of the

Bank Passbook/Statement of Account along with the original

cancelled cheque shall be provided.

E.

In case the Company is unable to pay the dividend to any

shareholder by the electronic mode, due to non-availability of

the details of the bank account, the Company shall dispatch

the dividend warrants to such shareholder by post.

F.

Members may note that as per the Income Tax Act, 1961,

as amended by the Finance Act, 2020, dividends paid or

distributed by the Company after April 1, 2020, shall be

taxable in the hands of the shareholders and the Company

shall be required to deduct tax at source (TDS) at the

prescribed rates from the dividend to be paid to shareholders,

subject to the approval of shareholders in the ensuing AGM.

The TDS rate would vary depending on the residential status

of the shareholder and the documents submitted by him/her/

it in support and accepted by the Company.

i.

All Shareholders are requested to ensure that the below

information & details are completed and/or updated,

as applicable, in their respective demat account(s)

maintained with the DP(s); or in case of shares held in

physical form, with LinkIntime, on or before the Record

Date i.e., Friday, July 29, 2022.

Please note that the following information & details, if

already registered with the LinkIntime and Depositories,

as the case may be, will be relied upon by the Company,

for the purpose of complying with the applicable TDS

provisions:

I.

Valid PAN*.

II.

Residential status as per the Income Tax Act,1961

i.e. Resident or Non-Resident for FY 2022-23.

III. Category of the Shareholder viz. Mutual Fund,

Insurance Company, Alternate Investment Fund

(AIF) Category I and II, AIF Category III, Government

(Central/State

Government),

Foreign

Portfolio

Investor (FPI)/Foreign Institutional Investor (FII):

Foreign Company, FPI/FII: Others (being Individual,

Firm, Trust, Artificial Juridical Person, etc.), Individual,

Hindu Undivided Family (HUF), Firm, Limited Liability

Partnership (LLP), Association of Persons (AOP),

Body of Individuals (BOI) or Artificial Juridical Person,

Trust, Domestic Company, Foreign Company,

Overseas Corporate Bodies, etc.

IV. Email Address.

V.

Residential Address.

*If the PAN is not as per the database of the Income-tax

Portal, it would be considered as an invalid PAN. Further

as per the Notification of the Central Board of Direct

Taxes, individual shareholders are requested to link their

Aadhaar number with PAN.

ii.

For Resident Shareholders, TDS is required to be deducted

at the rate of 10% under Section 194 of the Income Tax

Act, 1961 on the amount of dividend declared and paid

by the Company in the financial year 2022-23 provided

valid PAN is registered by the Shareholder. If the valid PAN

is not registered, the TDS is required to be deducted at

the rate of 20% under Section 206AA of the Income Tax

Act, 1961.

However, in case the dividend is not exceeding H 5,000

in a fiscal year to resident individual shareholder then no

tax will be deducted from the dividend. If any resident

individual shareholder is in receipt of Dividend exceeding

H 5,000 in a fiscal year, entire dividend will be subject to

TDS @ 10%.

Even in the cases where the shareholder provides valid

Form 15G (for individuals, with no tax liability on total

income and income not exceeding maximum amount

which is not chargeable to tax) or Form 15H (for

individual above the age of 60 years with no tax liability

on total income), no TDS shall be deducted.

iii. For

Non-resident

shareholders

[Including

Foreign

Institutional Investors (FIIs)/Foreign Portfolio Investors

(FPIs)], the TDS is required to be deducted at the rate of

20% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) under Section

195 or 196D of the Income Tax Act, 1961, as the case

may be. Further, as per Section 90 of the Income Tax Act,

1961, the non-resident shareholder has the option to be

governed by the provisions of the Double Tax Avoidance

Treaty between India and the country of tax residence of

the shareholder, if they are more beneficial to them.

For this purpose, i.e., to avail Tax Treaty benefits, the non-

resident shareholders will have to provide the following:

I.

Self-attested copy of the PAN allotted by the Indian

Income Tax authorities;

II.

Self-attested copy of valid Tax Residency Certificate

obtained from the tax authorities of the country of

which the shareholder is a resident;

III. Self-declaration in Form 10F; and

IV. Self-declaration in the below stated format certifying:

•

Shareholder is and will continue to remain a tax

resident of the country of its residence during

the financial year 2022-23;

•

Shareholder is eligible to claim the beneficial

Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement (DTAA)

rate for the purposes of tax withholding on

dividend declared by the Company;

•

Shareholder has no reason to believe that its

claim for the benefits of the DTAA is impaired

in any manner;

•

Shareholder is the ultimate beneficial owner of

its shareholding in the Company and dividend

receivable from the Company; and

•

Shareholder does not have a taxable presence

or a permanent establishment in India during

the financial year 2022-23.

iv.

The draft of the aforementioned documents may

also be accessed from the Company’s website at:

https://www.bajajelectricals.com/miscellaneous/

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

83rd Annual Report 2021-22

94

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

95

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

STATUTORY REPORTS:

letter).

•

Click “confirm” (your password is now

generated).

2.

Click on ‘Login’ under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab.

3.

Enter your User ID, Password and Image Verification

(CAPTCHA) Code and click on ‘Submit’.

4.

After successful login, you will be able to see the

notification for e-voting. Select ‘View’ icon.

5.

E-voting page will appear.

6.

Refer the Resolution description and cast your vote

by selecting your desired option ‘Favour / Against’ (If

you wish to view the entire Resolution details, click

on the ‘View Resolution’ file link).

7.

After selecting the desired option i.e., Favour /

Against, click on ‘Submit’. A confirmation box will

be displayed. If you wish to confirm your vote, click

on ‘Yes’, else to change your vote, click on ‘No’ and

accordingly modify your vote.

e.

For Institutional shareholders: -

Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than Individuals, HUF,

NRI, and custodians are required to log on the e-voting

system of LinkIntime at https://instavote.linkintime.co.in and

register themselves as ‘Custodian / Mutual Fund / Corporate

Body’. They are also required to upload a scanned certified

true copy of the board resolution /authority: letter/power of

attorney, etc. together with attested specimen signature of

the duly authorised representative(s) in PDF format in the

‘Custodian / Mutual Fund / Corporate Body’ login for the

Scrutinizer to verify the same.

f.

If Individual Shareholders (holding securities in physical

mode, and e-Voting service provider is LINKINTIME), have

forgotten the password:-

•

Click on ‘Login’ under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab and

further Click ‘forgot password?’

•

Enter User ID, select Mode and Enter Image

Verification (CAPTCHA) Code and Click on ‘Submit’.

•

In case shareholders/member is having valid email

address, password will be sent to his / her registered

e-mail address.

•

Shareholders/member can set the password of his/

her choice by providing the information about the

particulars of the Security Question and Answer,

PAN, DOB/DOI, Bank Account Number (last four

digits) etc. as mentioned above.

•

The password should contain minimum 8 characters,

at least one special character (@!#$&*), at least one

numeral, at least one alphabet and at least one

capital letter.

g.

If Individual Shareholders (holding securities in demat

mode with NSDL/ CDSL) have forgotten the password:-

•

Shareholders/Members who are unable to retrieve

User ID/Password are advised to use Forget

User ID and Forget Password option available at

abovementioned depository/DP website.

•

It is strongly recommended not to share your

password with any other person and take utmost

care to keep your password confidential.

•

For shareholders/ members holding shares in

physical form, the details can be used only for voting

on the resolutions contained in this Notice.

•

During the voting period, shareholders/ members

can login any number of time till they have voted on

the resolution(s) for a particular “Event”.

h.

Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in

demat mode:-

In case shareholders/ members holding securities in

demat mode have any technical issues related to login

through Depository i.e., NSDL/ CDSL, they may contact

the respective helpdesk given below:

•

Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat

mode with NSDL: Members facing any technical

issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk by sending

a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at toll free

no.: 1800 1020 990 and 1800 22 44 30

•

Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat

mode with CDSL: Members facing any technical

issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk by sending

a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or

contact at 022- 23058738 or 22-23058542-43.

i.

Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities

in physical mode/ Institutional shareholders & e-Voting

service Provider is LINKINTIME:-

In case shareholders/ members holding securities in

physical mode/ Institutional shareholders have any

queries regarding e-Voting, they may refer the Frequently

Asked Questions (‘FAQs’) and InstaVote e-Voting manual

available at https://instavote.linkintime.co.in, under Help

section or send an email to enotices@linkintime.co.in or

contact on: - Tel: 022 –4918 6000.

j.

Process for those shareholders whose email addresses

are not registered with the Company/Depositories for

obtaining login credentials for e-Voting for the resolutions

proposed in this notice:-

1.

For physical shareholders – Please provide necessary

details like Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned

copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN

(self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR

(self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by

email to rnt.helpdesk@linkintime.co.in.

2.

For Demat shareholders – Members are requested to

update their email address with the DPs by following

the procedure advised by them and then follow the

instructions as detailed above to login for e-Voting.

B. Instructions for attending the AGM through

VC/OAVM

Shareholders/Members are entitled to attend the AGM

through VC/OAVM provided by Linkintime by following the

below mentioned process:

a.

Open the internet browser and launch the URL: https://

instameet.linkintime.co.in

b.

Select the ‘Company’ and ‘Event Date’ and register with

your following details:

A. Demat Account No. or Folio No.: Enter your 16 digit

Demat Account No. or Folio No., as below-

•

Shareholders/Members holding shares in CDSL

demat account shall provide 16 Digit Beneficiary ID.

•

Shareholders/Members holding shares in NSDL

demat account shall provide 8 Character DP ID

followed by 8 Digit Client ID.

•

Shareholders/Members

holding

shares

in

physical form shall provide Folio Number

registered with the Company.

B.

PAN: Enter your 10-digit PAN. Members who have

not updated their PAN with the DP/Company shall

use the sequence number as provided.

C. Mobile No.: Enter your mobile number.

D. Email ID: Enter your email id, as recorded with your

DP/Company.

c.

Click ‘Go to Meeting’ (you are now registered for

InstaMeet and your attendance is marked for the

meeting).

C. Instructions

for

Shareholders/Members

to

register themselves as Speakers during Annual

General Meeting

a.

Shareholders/Members who would like to express their

views/ask questions during the meeting may register

themselves as ‘speakers’ by sending their request

mentioning their name, demat account number/folio

number, email id, mobile number at least 3 days in

advance with the Company at legal@bajajelectricals.com.

b.

Shareholders/Members will get confirmation on first cum

basis depending on the availability of time for the AGM.

c.

Shareholders will receive ‘speaking serial number’ for the

meeting.

d.

Shareholders/Members, who would like to ask questions,

may send their questions in advance mentioning their

name, demat account number/folio number, email id,

mobile number at legal@bajajelectricals.com. The same

will be replied by the Company suitably.

e.

Please remember speaking serial number and start your

conversation with panelist by switching on video mode

and audio of your device.

f.

For a smooth experience of viewing the AGM

proceedings, Shareholders/Members who are registered

as speakers for the event are requested to download and

install the ‘Webex Meetings’ application by clicking on

the link: https://www.webex.com/downloads.html/

g.

Shareholders/Members are requested to speak only when

moderator of the meeting/management will announce

the name and serial number for speaking.

Note: Those Shareholders/Members who have registered

themselves as a speaker will only be allowed to express their

views/ask questions during the meeting. The Company reserves

the right to restrict the number of speakers depending on

the availability of time for the AGM. Shareholders/Members

should allow to use camera and are required to use Internet

with a good speed (preferably 2 MBPS download stream) to

avoid any disturbance during the meeting.

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

83rd Annual Report 2021-22

98

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

99

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

STATUTORY REPORTS

Managing Director.

Number of meetings of the Board attended

during the ﬁnancial year 2021-22

8/8

Directorships of other Boards as on

March 31, 2022

Nil

Membership/Chairmanship of Committees of

other Boards as on March 31, 2022

Nil

Particulars

Details

Day, date, and time of AGM

Friday, August 12, 2022, at 03:00 p.m. (IST)

Mode

Video conference and other audio-visual means

Participation through Video Conference

https://instameet.linkintime.co.in

Helpline number for VC participation

022 4918 6175

Dividend record date

Friday, July 29, 2022

Dividend payment date

On or after Tuesday, August 16, 2022

Cut-off date for e-Voting

Friday, August 5, 2022

E-Voting start time and date

Monday, August 8, 2022, at 09:00 a.m. IST

E-Voting end time and date

Thursday, August 11, 2022, at 05:00 p.m. IST

E-Voting website

Refer Point 19 of the Notice.

Name, address, and contact details of e-Voting service provider

Link Intime India Private Limited

C 101, 247 Park, Lal Bahadur Shastri Rd, Surya Nagar, Gandhi

Nagar, Vikhroli West, Mumbai 400083.

Tel.: 022 4918 6000.

Name, address, and contact details of Registrar and Transfer

Agent

Annexure

Information pursuant to Regulation 36 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 read with the provisions of the Secretarial Standard on

General Meetings issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India regarding the Directors proposed

to be appointed/re-appointed:

INFORMATION AT A GLANCE

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

83rd Annual Report 2021-22

102

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

103

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

STATUTORY REPORTS:

Managing Director, stating that the members of board of

directors and senior management personnel have affirmed

compliance with the Company’s Code of Business Conduct

and Ethics;

b.

A compliance certificate from the Company’s Statutory

Auditors confirming compliance with the conditions of

Corporate Governance;

c.

A certificate of Non-Disqualification of Directors from the

Secretarial Auditor of the Company; and

d.

A certificate of the CEO and CFO of the Company, inter

alia, confirming the correctness of the financial statements

and cash flow statements, adequacy of the internal control

measures and reporting of matters to the Audit Committee.

MANAGEMENT

DISCUSSION

AND

ANALYSIS

REPORT

The Management Discussion and Analysis Report on the operations

of the Company, as required under the SEBI Listing Regulations is

provided in a separate section and forms an integral part of this

Annual Report.

ANNUAL RETURN

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 134(3)(a) and Section 92(3)

of the Act read with Rule 12 of the Companies (Management and

Administration) Rules, 2014, the Annual Return of the Company

for the financial year ended March 31, 2022 can be accessed at

https://www.bajajelectricals.com/investors-updates/.

VIGIL MECHANISM

The Company has a Whistle Blower Policy to report genuine

concerns or grievances about any poor or unacceptable practice

and any event of misconduct and to provide adequate safeguards

against victimisation of persons who may use such mechanism.

The Whistle Blower Policy has been posted on the website of the

Company at: https://www.bajajelectricals.com/investors-updates/.

EMPLOYEES STOCK OPTION SCHEME

The Company implemented the Employees Stock Option Scheme

(“ESOP Scheme”) in accordance with the SEBI (Share Based

Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014, read with Securities and

Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and

Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 (“SEBI SBEB Regulations”) as

a measure to reward and motivate employees as also to attract

and retain talent. During the year under review, the ESOP Scheme

was amended by shareholders at their 82nd AGM held on August

11, 2021 by increasing the maximum number of employee stock

options (“Options”) to be granted to an individual employee from

1,00,000 (One Lakh) Options to 2,00,000 (Two Lakh) Options

under the Scheme. The ESOP Scheme is in compliance with SEBI

SBEB Regulations.

During financial year under review, 5,17,500 stock options were

granted to the eligible employees at the market price prevailing

on the National Stock Exchange of India Limited as on the date

of their grant. Details of the shares issued under ESOP Scheme,

as also the disclosures in compliance with SEBI SBEB Regulations

is uploaded on the website of the Company www.bajajelectricals.

com, which forms part of this Report. No employee has been

issued stock options, during the year, equal to or exceeding 1%

of the issued capital of the Company at the time of grant. The

issuance of equity shares pursuant to exercise of stock options

does not affect the profit and loss account of the Company, as the

exercise is made at the market price prevailing as on the date of

the grant plus taxes as applicable.

The Company has obtained a Certificate from the Secretarial

Auditors stating that ESOP Scheme has been implemented in

accordance with the SEBI SBEB Regulations. The said Certificate

will be made available for inspection through electronic mode by

writing to the Company at legal@bajajelectricals.com from the

date of circulation of the AGM Notice till the date of the AGM i.e.,

August 12, 2022.

SUBSIDIARY, JOINT VENTURE AND ASSOCIATE

Details of subsidiary/associate companies/joint

ventures of the Company

Name

% of

shareholding

of the

Company as

on March 31,

2022

Status

Nirlep Appliances Private

Limited ("Nirlep")

100.00

Subsidiary

Starlite Lighting Limited

("Starlite")

88.48

Subsidiary

Bajel Projects Limited

(“Bajel”)

100.00

Subsidiary

Hind Lamps Limited ("Hind

Lamps")

19.00

Associate

Performance of Subsidiary, Joint Venture and

Associate

Nirlep: Total income of Nirlep for the financial year 2021-22 stood

at H 71.17 crore (Previous Year: H 51.37 crore). Loss for the year

was at H 7.07 crore (Previous Year Loss: H 4.69 crore).

Starlite: Total income of Starlite for the financial year 2021-22

stood at H 198.39 crore (Previous Year: H 181.82 crore). Loss for

the year was at H 39.83 crore (Previous Year Loss: H 49.35 crore).

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

STATUTORY REPORTS

83rd Annual Report 2021-22

108

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

109:

Managing Director, Mr. E C Prasad,

Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Ajay Nagle, EVP and Head of

Department - Legal (and Company Secretary and Compliance

Officer), as Key Managerial Personnel of the Company.

NUMBER OF MEETINGS OF THE BOARD

Eight (8) Board meetings were held during the financial year 2021-

22. The intervening gap between the meetings was within the

period prescribed under the Act and SEBI Listing Regulations. The

details of meetings of the Board held during the financial year

2021-22 forms part of the Corporate Governance Report.

COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD

As on March 31, 2022, the Board of Directors had the following

Committees:

a.

Audit Committee;

b.

Nomination and Remuneration Committee;

c.

Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee;

d.

Risk Management Committee;

e.

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee;

f.

Finance Committee; and

g.

Committee of Independent Directors.

The details of the Committees along with their composition, number of

meetings and attendance at the meetings are provided in the Corporate

Governance Report which forms part of this Annual Report.

BOARD EVALUATION

Pursuant to the provisions of the Act and the SEBI Listing

Regulations, the Board has carried out the annual performance

evaluation of the Directors individually as well as evaluation of

the working of the Board and of the Committees of the Board,

by way of individual and collective feedback from Directors. The

manner in which the evaluation was conducted by the Company

and evaluation criteria has been explained in the Corporate

Governance Report which forms part of this Annual Report.

The Board of Directors has expressed its satisfaction with the

evaluation process.

POLICY ON DIRECTORS’ APPOINTMENT AND

REMUNERATION

The Board of Directors has framed a Nomination and Remuneration

Policy which lays down a framework in relation to appointment

and remuneration of Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, Senior

Management and other employees of the Company (“Policy”). The

Policy broadly lays down the guiding principles, philosophy and the

basis for payment of remuneration to Executive and Non-executive

Directors (by way of sitting fees and commission), Key Managerial

Personnel, Senior Management and other employees. The Policy

also provides for the Board Diversity, the criteria for determining

qualifications, positive attributes and independence of Director

and criteria for appointment of Key Managerial Personnel/Senior

Management and performance evaluation which are considered

by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board

of Directors whilst taking a decision on the potential candidates.

The above Policy is given in Annexure E, which forms part of this

Report, and has also been posted on the website of the Company

at: https://www.bajajelectricals.com/investors-updates/.

RISK AND INTERNAL CONTROLS ADEQUACY

The Company’s internal control systems are commensurate with

the nature of its business and the size and complexity of its

operations. These are routinely tested and certified by Statutory

as well as Internal Auditors and cover all offices, factories and

key business areas. Significant audit observations and follow up

actions thereon are reported to the Audit Committee. The Audit

Committee reviews adequacy and effectiveness of the Company’s

internal control environment and monitors the implementation of

audit recommendations, including those relating to strengthening

of the Company’s risk management policies and systems.

Based on the report of the Statutory Auditors, the internal financial

controls with reference to the standalone financial statements

were adequate and operating effectively.

COMPLIANCE WITH SECRETARIAL STANDARDS

The Company has complied with the applicable Secretarial

Standards issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India.

REPORTING OF FRAUD

There was no instance of fraud reported during the year under review,

which required the Statutory Auditors, Cost Auditor or Secretarial

Auditor to report the same to the Audit Committee of the Company

under Section 143(12) of the Act and Rules framed thereunder.

RISK MANAGEMENT

The Company has formulated a risk management policy and has in

place a mechanism to inform the Board about risk assessment and

minimisation procedures along with a periodical review to ensure

that executive management controls risk by means of a properly

designed framework.

AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee comprises of three Directors viz. Mr. Shailesh

Haribhakti as the Chairman of the Committee, and Dr. (Mrs.) Indu

Shahani, and Dr. Rajendra Prasad Singh, as the members of the

Committee.

During the year under review all the recommendations of the

Audit Committee were accepted by the Board. Details of the role

and responsibilities of the Audit Committee, the particulars of

meetings held and attendance of the Members at such Meetings

are given in the Report on Corporate Governance, which forms

part of the Annual Report.

AUDITORS AND AUDITOR’S REPORT

Statutory Auditors

Messrs S R B C & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants (ICAI Registration

No.324982E/E300003), were appointed as the Statutory Auditors

of the Company at the 78th AGM held on August 3, 2017, to hold

office till the conclusion of the ensuing 83rd AGM.

Messrs S R B C & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants are eligible

to be re-appointed for a further term of 5 (five) years, in terms

of provisions of Sections 139 and 141 of the Act and the Rules

framed thereunder.

Accordingly, the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting

held on May 17, 2022, on the recommendation of the Audit

Committee and subject to the approval of the shareholders of the

Company at the ensuing AGM, has approved the re-appointment of

Messrs S R B C & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants (ICAI Registration

No.324982E/E300003), as the Statutory Auditors, for a further

period of 5 (five) years i.e. from the conclusion of the 83rd AGM till

the conclusion of 88th AGM of the Company.

The Company has received written consent and certificate of

eligibility in accordance with Sections 139, 141 and other applicable

provisions of the Act and Rules framed thereunder, from Messrs S R

B C & Co. LLP. They have confirmed to hold a valid certificate issued

by the Peer Review Board of the Institute of Chartered Accountants

of India (ICAI) as required under the SEBI Listing Regulations.

The Auditors have issued an unmodified opinion on the Financial

Statements, both standalone and consolidated for the financial

year ended March 31, 2022. The said Auditors’ Report(s) for the

financial year ended March 31, 2022 on the financial statements

of the Company forms part of this Annual Report.

Cost Auditors

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 148 of the Act read with

the Rules framed thereunder, the cost audit records maintained by

the Company in respect of its manufacturing activities are required

to be audited. Messrs R. Nanabhoy & Co. (Firm Registration

No.000010), Cost Accountants carried out the cost audit for

applicable businesses during the year.

Based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, the Board of

Directors has appointed Messrs R. Nanabhoy & Co. (Firm Registration

No.000010), Cost Accountants as the Cost Auditors for the financial

year 2022-23. The Company has received a certificate from Messrs

R. Nanabhoy & Co., confirming that they are not disqualified from

being appointed as the Cost Auditors of the Company.

The remuneration payable to the Cost Auditors is required to

be placed before the members in the general meeting for their

ratification. Accordingly, a resolution seeking members’ ratification

for the remuneration payable to Messrs R. Nanabhoy & Co.,

Cost Accountants, is included at Item No.6 of the Notice of the

ensuing AGM.

The particulars of the Cost Auditors and cost audit conducted by

them for financial year 2020-21 are furnished below:

ICWA Membership No.

7464

Registration No. of Firm

000010

Address

Jer Mansion, 70, August

Kranti Marg, Mumbai 400036

Cost Audit Report

Financial year 2020-21

Due date of ﬁling of Report

September 30, 2021

Actual date of ﬁling of Report

September 6, 2021

As per Section 148 of the Act read with the Companies (Cost Records

and Audit) Rules, 2014, the Company is required to maintain cost

records and accordingly, such accounts and records are maintained.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

STATUTORY REPORTS

83rd Annual Report 2021-22

112

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

113:

Managing Director nor the

Executive Director of the Company received any remuneration

or commission from any of the subsidiaries of the Company.

b. The Company has not issued any sweat equity shares to its

directors or employees.

c. The Company has not failed to implement any corporate

action during the year under review.

d. The disclosure pertaining to explanation for any deviation or

variation in connection with certain terms of a public issue, rights

issue, preferential issue, etc. is not applicable to the Company.

e. The Company’s securities were not suspended during the year

under review.

f.

There was no revision of financial statements and Board’s

Report of the Company during the year under review.

APPRECIATION AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

The Directors place on record their deep appreciation to employees

at all levels for their hard work, dedication and commitment, which

is vital in achieving the over-all growth of the Company.

The Directors places on record their appreciation for the support

and co-operation the Company has been receiving from its

suppliers, distributors, business partners and others associated

with it as its trading partners. The Company looks upon them as

partners in its progress and has shared with them the rewards of

growth. It will be the Company’s endeavour to build and nurture

strong links with the trade based on mutuality of benefits, respect

for and co-operation with each other, consistent with consumer

interests. The Directors also take this opportunity to thank all

Shareholders, Clients, Vendors, Banks, Government Regulatory

Authorities and Stock Exchanges, for their continued support.

The Directors regret the loss of life due to COVID-19 pandemic

globally and are deeply grateful and have immense respect for

every person who risked their life and safety to fight this pandemic.

ANNEXURES

The following annexures form part of this Report:

a.

Dividend Distribution Policy – Annexure A;

b.

Disclosures of transactions pursuant to the provisions of

Regulation 34(3) read with clause 2A of Part A of Schedule V

of the SEBI Listing Regulations – Annexure B;

c.

Annual Report on CSR Activities – Annexure C;

d.

Statement containing salient features of the financial

statement of subsidiaries/associate companies/joint ventures

– Annexure D;

e.

Nomination and Remuneration Policy of the Company –

Annexure E;

f.

Secretarial Audit Report – Annexure F;

g.

Report on Conservation of Energy, Technology Absorption and

Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo – Annexure G; and

h.

Disclosures under Section 197(12) of the Act read with the

Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial

Personnel) Rules, 2014 – Annexure H.

For and on behalf of

the Board of Directors of Bajaj Electricals Limited

Shekhar Bajaj

Anuj Poddar

Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

STATUTORY REPORTS

83rd Annual Report 2021-22

116

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

117:

Managing Director

2

2/2

2.

Dr. (Mrs.) Indu Shahani

Member – Independent Director

2/2

3.

Dr. Rajendra Prasad Singh*

Member – Independent Director

1/2

4.

Mr. Siddharth Mehta*

Member – Independent Director

1/2

*Mr. Siddharth Mehta, whose first term was due to expire on May 29, 2021, had conveyed his desire not to seek re-appointment for the second term, owing to

his professional commitments. Accordingly, Mr. Siddharth Mehta’s tenure as an Independent Director of the Company came to an end on May 29, 2021. Effective

from May 29, 2021, Dr. Rajendra Prasad Singh was appointed as the member of CSR Committee.

For and on behalf of

the Board of Directors of Bajaj Electricals Limited

Shekhar Bajaj

Anuj Poddar

Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director and

Mumbai, May 17, 2022

Chairman of CSR Committee

Annexure D

FORM AOC-1

[Pursuant to first proviso to sub-section (3) of Section 129 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with

Rule 5 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014]

Statement containing salient features of the financial statement of subsidiary, associate and joint venture

Part A: Subsidiary

(Amount: H in lakh)

Sr.

No. Particulars

Nirlep Appliances

Private Limited

Starlite Lighting

Limited

Bajel Projects

Limited (“Bajel”)

1.

Reporting period for the subsidiary concerned, if

different from the holding company’s reporting period

Not Applicable

Not Applicable

Not Applicable

[Refer Note below]

2.

Reporting currency and exchange rate as on the last

date of the relevant ﬁnancial year in the case of foreign

subsidiaries

Not Applicable

Not Applicable

Not Applicable

3.

Share capital

743.56

5,750.00

50.00

4.

Reserves & surplus

(4,152.03)

(40,409.94)

(9.50)

5.

Total assets

7,221.97

16,914.24

45.72

6.

Total liabilities

10,630.47

51,574.18

5.21

7.

Investments

-

-

-

8.

Turnover

6,929.81

19,192.75

-

9.

Proﬁt/(Loss) before taxation

(701.75)

(3,983.23)

(9.50)

10.

Provision for taxation

4.80

-

-

11.

Proﬁt/(Loss) after taxation

(706.55)

(3,983.23)

(9.50)

12.

Proposed dividend

-

-

-

13.

% of shareholding of the Company in the subsidiary

100.00

88.48

100.00

Note: Bajel has been incorporated on January 19, 2022, and hence, pursuant to provisions of Section 2(41) of the Companies Act, 2013,

the first financial year of Bajel shall end on March 31, 2023. The above details are provided basis the management reviewed financials of

Bajel as at March 31, 2022.

Names of subsidiaries which are yet to commence operations: Nil

Names of subsidiaries which have been liquidated or sold during the year: Nil

Part B: Associate and Joint Venture

Sr.

No. Particulars

Hind Lamps Limited (Associate)

1.

Date on which the associate or joint venture was associated

or acquired

January 7, 1952

2.

Latest audited Balance Sheet date

March 31, 2022

3.

Shares of associate/joint venture held by the Company on the

year end

Number of equity shares

1140000

Amount of investment in associate / joint venture

Nil

Extent of holding %

19.00

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

STATUTORY REPORTS

83rd Annual Report 2021-22

124

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

125:

managing director or

the manager;

3.1.2. the company secretary;

3.1.3. the whole-time director;

3.1.4. the Chief Financial Officer;

3.1.5. such other officer, not more than one level below the

directors who is in Whole-time employment, designated

as key managerial personnel by the Board; and

3.1.6.

such other officer as may be prescribed.

3.2. “Net Profit” shall be calculated as per section 198 of the Act.

3.3. “Senior Management” shall mean officers/personnel of

the Company who are members of its core management

team excluding board of directors and normally this shall

comprise all members of management one level below the

chief executive officer/: managing director/whole time director/

manager (including chief executive officer/manager, in case

they are not part of the board) and shall specifically include

company secretary and chief financial officer.

4. CRITERIA FOR APPOINTMENT OF DIRECTORS,

KMP AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

4.1. The Committee shall formulate criteria for determining

qualifications, positive attributes and independence of a

director. The Committee may consider this Policy and the

below provisions of this Policy as guidance.

4.2. The person to be appointed as a Director, KMP or in the

senior management should possess adequate qualification,

experience and expertise for the position he or she is

considered for, considering various factors including the

Company’s strategy and requirements.

4.3. The Committee shall have the discretion to decide whether

such qualification, experience and expertise of the person is

sufficient for him or her to effectively discharge duties of the

concerned position.

4.4. The person to be appointed as Director, KMP or in the senior

management, should possess impeccable reputation for

integrity, efficiency, expertise and insight in sectors or areas

relevant to the Company’s industry or otherwise demonstrate

relevant qualities.

4.5. In case of a Director, such person’s personal and professional

standing must be such that it helps him or her to best

complement the other Board members thereby contributing

effectively towards Company’s growth.

4.6. The Committee shall consider the potential candidates on

merit alone.

4.7. In case of a Director, such person must also fulfil the

minimum and/or maximum age criteria as applicable under

the provisions of the Act and SEBI LODR Regulations and take

necessary approvals from the shareholders in this regard in

case of directors above the maximum age criteria as well as

comply with other requirements of law at the time.

4.8. In case of an Independent Director, he or she should meet

the requirements of the Act and SEBI LODR Regulations

concerning independence of directors.

For and on behalf of

the Board of Directors of Bajaj Electricals Limited

Shekhar Bajaj

Anuj Poddar

Managing Director / Whole – Time Director /

Executive Director / Non-executive Director

6.1.1. The Board shall appoint or re-appoint any person as

a: managing director, whole-time director, executive

director or manager for a term not exceeding five years

(5 years) at a time subject to approval by the members

at the next general meeting.

6.1.2. Not less than two-thirds of the total number of directors

(excluding independent directors) shall be persons

whose period of office is liable to determination by

retirement of directors by rotation and be appointed by

the Company in general meeting; and at every annual

general meeting, one-third of such of the directors for

the time being as are liable to retire by rotation, or if

their number is neither three nor a multiple of three,

then, the number nearest to one-third, shall retire from

office as per the provisions of the Act.

6.1.3. The directors retiring by rotation at every annual general

meeting shall be those who have been longest in the

office since last appointment; the retiring director

amongst directors appointed on the same day shall be

determined by a lot.

6.1.4. At the annual general meeting at which a director

retires by rotation, the Company may fill up the

vacancy either by appointing the retiring director or

some other person as may be deemed fit.

6.2. Independent

Managing Director

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

STATUTORY REPORTS

83rd Annual Report 2021-22

130

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

131:

letter of Intent dated January

2, 2021 from the promoters of SLL, expressing their

intention to relinquish and transfer in entirety their

controlling interest and management rights in SLL.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

STATUTORY REPORTS

83rd Annual Report 2021-22

132

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

133:

letter.

Management’s Responsibility

1.

It is the responsibility of the management of the Company to maintain secretarial records, devise proper systems to ensure compliance

with the provisions of all applicable laws and regulations and to ensure that the systems are adequate and operate effectively.

Auditor’s Responsibility

2.

Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these secretarial records, standards and procedures followed by the Company with

respect to the secretarial compliances.

3.

We believe that audit evidence and information obtained from the Company’s management is adequate and appropriate for us to

provide a basis for our opinion.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the management’s representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and

happening of events etc.

Disclaimer

5.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with

which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

6.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of accounts of the Company.

For Anant B Khamankar & Co.

sd/-

Anant Khamankar

FCS No. – 3198

CP No. – 1860

Date: May 13, 2022

Place: Mumbai

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

STATUTORY REPORTS

83rd Annual Report 2021-22

134

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

135:

Managing Director

Executive Director

DIN: 00089358

DIN: 01908009

E C Prasad

Ajay Nagle

Chief Financial Ofﬁcer

Head of Department - Legal (and Company Secretary)

Mumbai, May 17, 2022

ICSI Membership No. A9855

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

STATUTORY REPORTS

83rd Annual Report 2021-22

138

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

139:

Managing Director: The primary role of the

Chairman &: Managing Director is to provide leadership to the

Board in achieving goals of the Company. He is responsible for

transforming the Company into a worldclass organisation. He

is responsible, inter-alia, for the working of the Board and for

ensuring that all relevant issues are placed before the Board and

that all Directors are encouraged to provide their expert guidance

on the relevant issues raised in the meetings of the Board. He is

also responsible for formulating the corporate strategy along with

other members of the Board.

Executive Director: The Executive Director, as a member of

the Board and Core Management Committee, contributes to

the strategic management of the Company’s businesses within

Board approved direction and framework. He assumes overall

responsibility for strategic management of business and corporate

functions including its governance processes and top management

effectiveness.

Non-Executive Directors including Independent Directors:

Non-Executive Directors play a critical role in balancing the

functioning of the Board by providing independent judgements

on various issues raised in the Board meetings like formulation of

business strategies, monitoring of performances, etc.

Core Management Committee: The main function of the

Core Management Committee is strategic management of the

Company’s businesses within the Board approved direction

* Mr. Siddharth Mehta, whose first term was due to expire on May 29, 2021, had conveyed his desire not to seek re-appointment for the second term, owing to his

professional commitments. Accordingly, Mr. Siddharth Mehta’s tenure as an Independent Director of the Company came to an end on May 29, 2021.

** The Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting held on May 25, 2021, has: (a) Taken on record the retirement of Mr. Anant Purandare, President & Chief

Financial Officer and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company, with effect from the close of business hours on June 30, 2021, upon his attaining the age of

superannuation; and (b) Considered and approved the appointment of Mr. E C Prasad, then Vice President – Finance and Finance Controller of the Company, as the

new Chief Financial Officer and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company with effect from the start of business hours on July 1, 2021.

For and on behalf of

the Board of Directors of Bajaj Electricals Limited

Shekhar Bajaj

Anuj Poddar

letter of appointment given to independent directors as

provided in the Act has been issued and disclosed on website of the Company: www.bajajelectricals.com.

Directorships and Memberships of Committees

Number of directorships/committee positions of directors as on March 31, 2022:

Note:

None of the directors hold office as a director, including as an alternate director, in more than twenty companies at the same time. None of

them has directorships in more than ten public companies. For reckoning the limit of public companies, directorships of private companies

that are either holding or subsidiary company of a public company are included and directorships in dormant companies are excluded. No

Independent Director holds any alternate directorship.

As per declarations received, none of the directors serves as an independent director in more than seven equity listed companies. Further,

the: Managing Director and Executive Director of the Company does not serve as an independent director in more than three equity listed

companies and in fact not even in a single entity.

None of the directors was a member in more than ten committees, nor a chairperson in more than five committees across all companies

in which he/she was a director.

For the purpose of considering the limit of the committees on which a director can serve, all public limited companies, whether listed or

not, have been included and all other companies including private limited companies, foreign companies and companies under Section

8 of the Act have been excluded. Only audit committee and stakeholders’ relationship committee are considered for the purpose of

reckoning committee positions.

Directorships in equity listed Companies

Name of equity listed entities where directors of the Company held directorships as on March 31, 2022:

Particulars

Name of listed entities

Category

Mr. Shekhar Bajaj

Bajaj Electricals Limited

Managing Director of

the Company to this effect is placed at the end of this Report.

The Code requires Directors and employees to act honestly, fairly,

ethically and with integrity, conduct themselves in professional,

courteous and respectful manner. The Code is displayed on the

Company’s website: www.bajajelectricals.com.

Disclosure on conflict of interests

Each Director informs the Company on an annual basis about

the Board and the Committee positions he/she occupies in other

companies including as Chairman and notifies changes during the

year. The members of the Board while discharging their duties,

avoid conflict of interest in the decision-making process. The

members of Board restrict themselves from participating in any

discussions and voting in transactions in which they have concern

or interest.

Insider Trading Code

The Company has adopted a ‘Code of Conduct to Regulate,

Monitor and Report Trading by Designated Persons and its

Immediate Relatives’ (“the IT Code”) in accordance with the SEBI

(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“PIT

Regulations”). The IT Code is applicable to promoters, member

of promoter group, all Directors and such designated employees

who are expected to have access to unpublished price sensitive

information relating to the Company. The Company Secretary

is the Compliance Officer for monitoring adherence to the said

PIT Regulations. The Company has also formulated ‘The Code of

Practices and Procedures for Fair Disclosure of Unpublished Price

Sensitive Information (UPSI)’ (“Fair Disclosure Code”) in compliance

with the PIT Regulations.

This Fair Disclosure Code is displayed on the Company’s website:

www.bajajelectricals.com.

COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD

The Board of Directors has constituted Board Committees to deal

with specific areas and activities which concern the Company and

require a closer review. The Board Committees are formed with

the approval of the Board and they function under their respective

Charters. These Committees play an important role in the overall

management of the day-to-day affairs and governance of the

Company. The Board Committees meet at regular intervals and

take necessary steps to perform the duties entrusted by the Board.

The minutes of the Committee meetings are placed before the

Board for noting.

(A) Audit Committee

Audit Committee is entrusted with the responsibility to

supervise the Company’s financial reporting process and

internal controls. The composition, quorum, powers, role and

scope are in accordance with Section 177 of the Act and the

provisions of Regulation 18 of the SEBI Listing Regulations.

As on March 31, 2022, the Audit Committee comprised of

three (3) Directors i.e. Mr. Shailesh Haribhakti as the Chairman

and Dr. (Mrs.) Indu Shahani and Dr. Rajendra Prasad Singh

as its members. All members of the Audit Committee are

financially literate and bring in expertise in the fields of

finance, taxation, economics, legal, risk and international

finance. The Committee functions in accordance with its

terms of reference that defines its authority, responsibility

and reporting function. The Company Secretary acts as the

convener to the Audit Committee.

Meetings and Attendance

The Audit Committee met seven (7) times during the financial

year 2021-22. The maximum gap between two meetings was

not more than 120 days. The Committee met on April 30,

2021, May 25, 2021, August 11, 2021, November 12, 2021,

January 3, 2022, February 8, 2022 and March 29, 2022. The

requisite quorum was present at all meetings. The Chairman

of the Audit Committee was present at the last AGM of the

Company held on August 11, 2021.

The attendance of the Audit Committee members:

Sr.

No. Name of Directors

Position

Category

No. of meetings

attended

1.

Mr. Shailesh Haribhakti

Chairperson

Independent Director

7/7

2.

Mr. Rajendra Prasad Singh

Member

Independent Director

7/7

3.

Dr. (Mrs.) Indu Shahani

Member

Independent Director

7/7

4.

Mr. Siddharth Mehta*

Member

Independent Director

2/7

*Mr. Siddharth Mehta, whose first term was due to expire on May 29, 2021, had conveyed his desire not to seek re-appointment for the second term, owing to

his professional commitments. Accordingly, Mr. Siddharth Mehta’s tenure as an Independent Director of the Company came to an end on May 29, 2021.

Terms of reference and functions of Audit Committee

The terms of reference of the Audit Committee as stated

below is in line with what is mandated in Regulation 18 of

the SEBI Listing Regulations and Section 177 of the Act:

1.

Oversight of the Company’s financial reporting process

and the disclosure of its financial information to ensure

that the financial statement is correct, sufficient and

credible;

2.

Recommendation for appointment, remuneration and

terms of appointment of auditors of the Company;

3.

Approval of payment to statutory auditors for any other

services rendered by the statutory auditors;

4.

Reviewing, with the management, the annual financial

statements

and

auditor’s

report

thereon

before

submission to the Board for approval, with particular

reference to:

a.

Matters required to be included in the Director’s

Responsibility Statement to be included in the

Board’s report in terms of clause (c) of sub-section 3

of section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013.

b.

Changes, if any, in accounting policies and practices

and reasons for the same.

c.

Major accounting entries involving estimates based

on the exercise of judgment by management.

d.

Significant adjustments made in the financial

statements arising out of audit findings.

e.

Compliance with listing and other legal requirements

relating to financial statements.

f.

Disclosure of any related party transactions.

g.

Modified Opinion(s) in the draft audit report.

5.

Reviewing, with the management, the quarterly financial

statements before submission to the Board for approval

including the financial statements, in particular, the

investments made by unlisted subsidiary(ies);

6.

Reviewing, with the management, the statement of uses

/ application of funds raised through an issue (public

issue, rights issue, preferential issue, etc.), the statement

of funds utilized for purposes other than those stated

in the offer document / prospectus / notice and the

report submitted by the monitoring agency monitoring

the utilisation of proceeds of a public or rights issue, and

making appropriate recommendations to the Board to

take up steps in this matter;

7.

Review and monitor the auditor’s independence and

performance, and effectiveness of audit process;

8.

Approval or any subsequent modification of the related

party transactions;

9.

Scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investments;

10. Valuation of undertakings or assets of the Company,

wherever it is necessary;

11. Evaluation of internal financial controls and risk

management systems;

12. Reviewing, with the management, performance of

statutory and internal auditors, adequacy of the internal

control systems;

13. Reviewing the adequacy of internal audit function, if any,

including the structure of the internal audit department,

staffing and seniority of the official heading the

department, reporting structure coverage and frequency

of internal audit;

14. Discussion with internal auditors of any significant

findings and follow up there on;

15. Reviewing the findings of any internal investigations

by the internal auditors into matters where there is

suspected fraud or irregularity or a failure of internal

control systems of a material nature and reporting the

matter to the Board;

16. Discussion with statutory auditors before the audit

commences, about the nature and scope of audit as well

as post-audit discussion to ascertain any area of concern;

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

STATUTORY REPORTS

83rd Annual Report 2021-22

146

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

147:

Managing Director)

4/4

3.

Mr. Shailesh Haribhakti

Member

Independent Director

3/4

4.

Mr. Rajendra Prasad Singh

Member

Independent Director

4/4

5.

Mr. Siddharth Mehta*

Member

Independent Director

1/4

17. To look into the reasons for substantial defaults in

the payment to the depositors, debenture holders,

shareholders (in case of non-payment of declared

dividends) and creditors;

18. To review the functioning of the Whistle Blower

mechanism;

19. Approval of appointment of CFO (i.e., the whole-time

Finance Director or any other person heading the finance

function or discharging that function) after assessing the

qualifications, experience and background, etc. of the

candidate;

20. Carrying out any other function as is mentioned in the

terms of reference of the Audit Committee.

21. To review the utilization of loans, advances or both in

the subsidiary company(ies) which shall not exceed

Rs.100 crore or 10% of the asset size of the subsidiary,

whichever is lower including existing loans / advances /

investments existing as on 1 April 2019;

22. Consider and comment on rationale, cost-benefits

and impact of schemes involving merger, demerger,

amalgamation etc., on the listed entity and its shareholders.

The Audit Committee shall mandatorily review the following

information:

1.

Management discussion and analysis of financial

condition and results of operations;

2.

Statement of significant related party transactions

(as defined by the audit committee) submitted by

management;

3.

Management letters / letters of internal control

weaknesses issued by the statutory auditors;

4.

Internal audit reports relating to internal control

weaknesses;

5.

Appointment, removal and terms of remuneration of the

Chief Internal Auditor;

6.

Statement of deviations:

(a) quarterly statement of deviation(s) including report

of monitoring agency, if applicable, submitted to

stock exchange(s) in terms of Regulation 32(1) of

SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015; and

(b) annual statement of funds utilized for purposes

other than those stated in the offer document /

prospectus /notice in terms of Regulation 32(7) of

SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015.

7.

Compliance with the provisions of Regulation 9 of SEBI

(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015 at least

once in a financial year and verify that the systems for

internal control are adequate and are operating effectively.

Internal Controls and Governance Processes

The Company continuously invests in strengthening its internal

controls and processes. The Audit Committee formulates a

detailed audit plan for the year for the internal auditor. The

Internal Auditors attend the meetings of the Audit Committee

and submit their recommendations to the Audit Committee

and provide a road map for the future.

(B) Nomination and Remuneration Committee

As on March 31, 2022, the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee comprised of four (4) Directors viz. Dr. (Mrs.) Indu

Shahani as the Chairperson, and Mr. Shekhar Bajaj, Mr. Shailesh

Haribhakti, and Dr. Rajendra Prasad Singh as its members. The

Company Secretary acts as the convener to the Committee.

Meetings and Attendance

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee met four (4)

times during the financial year 2021-22 i.e. on May 25, 2021,

August 11, 2021, November 12, 2021 and February 8, 2022.

The requisite quorum was present at all the meetings. The

Chairperson of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee

was present at the last AGM of the Company held on

August 11, 2021.

The attendance of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee members:

*Mr. Siddharth Mehta, whose first term was due to expire on May 29, 2021, had conveyed his desire not to seek re-appointment for the second term, owing to

his professional commitments. Accordingly, Mr. Siddharth Mehta’s tenure as an Independent Director of the Company came to an end on May 29, 2021.

Terms of reference and functions of Nomination and

Remuneration Committee

The broad terms of reference of Nomination and Remuneration

Committee as stated below is in compliance with Section 178

of the Act and Regulation 19 of the SEBI Listing Regulations:

1.

To identify persons who are qualified to become directors

and who may be appointed in senior management in

accordance with the criteria laid down, recommend

to the Board their appointment and removal, and

shall specify the manner for effective evaluation of

performance of Board, its Committees, Chairperson

and individual directors to be carried out by the Board,

by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee

or by an independent external agency and review its

implementation and compliance.

2.

To formulate the criteria for determining qualifications,

positive attributes and independence of a director

and recommend to the Board a policy, relating to the

remuneration for the directors, key managerial personnel

and other employees.

3.

While formulating the policy, to ensure that:

a.

the level and composition of remuneration is

reasonable and sufficient to attract, retain and

motivate directors of the quality required to run the

Company successfully;

b.

relationship of remuneration to performance is clear

and meets appropriate performance benchmarks;

and

c.

remuneration to directors, key managerial personnel

and senior management involves a balance between

fixed and incentive pay reflecting short and long-

term performance objectives appropriate to the

working of the Company and its goals.

4.

To take into account financial position of the Company,

trend

in

the

industry,

appointees

qualifications,

experience, past performance, past remuneration,

etc., and bring about objectivity in determining the

remuneration package while striking a balance between

the interest of the Company and the shareholders while

approving the remuneration payable to managing

director, whole time director or manager.

5.

To lay down / formulate the evaluation criteria for

performance evaluation of independent directors and

the Board.

6.

To devise a policy on Board diversity.

7.

To ensure ‘Fit & Proper’ status of the proposed/existing

directors.

8.

To recommend to Board, whether to extend or continue

the term of appointment of the independent director,

on the basis of the report of performance evaluation of

independent directors.

9.

To review and approve the remuneration and change in

remuneration payable to whole-time directors.

10. To recommend to Board, all remuneration payable

to senior management (i.e. members of the core

management team one level below the chief executive

officer/: managing director/whole time director and

shall specifically include Company Secretary and Chief

Financial Officer).

11. To act as the Compensation Committee under SEBI (Share

Based Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014 (including

amendment thereof) to determine the quantum of

Employee Stock Options to be granted to the employees

under Company’s ESOP Plans; determine eligibility for

grant of ESOPS; decide the procedure for making a fair

and reasonable adjustment in case of corporate actions;

procedure and terms for the grant, vest and exercise of

Employee Stock Option; procedure for cashless exercise

of Employee Stock Options, etc.

12. To undertake specific duties as may be prescribed by the

Board from time to time.

Remuneration Policy

The Board on the recommendation of Nomination and

Remuneration Committee has framed a Nomination and

Remuneration Policy (“Policy”), providing a) Selection,

appointment and removal; b) Remuneration; c) Evaluation

of performance; and d) Board diversity. The Policy is directed

towards rewarding performance, based on review of

achievements. It is aimed at attracting and retaining high

caliber talent. The Policy is displayed on the Company’s

website: www.bajajelectricals.com.

Criteria for recommendation of remuneration

a)

Non-Executive

Managing Director and

Executive Director, is governed by the recommendation

of Nomination and Remuneration Committee and

resolutions passed by the Board and Shareholders of the

Company.

The terms and conditions of appointment and the

remuneration payable to:

(i)

Mr. Shekhar Bajaj, Chairman &: Managing Director,

as approved by the Members of the Company by

way of special resolution dated December 23, 2019

passed through postal ballot, can be accessed at

weblink: www.bajajelectricals.com.

(ii) Mr. Anuj Poddar, Executive Director, as approved

by the Members of the Company by way of

special resolutions passed at the Annual General

Meetings held on August 7, 2019, and August

11, 2021, respectively, can be accessed at weblink:

www.bajajelectricals.com.

The remuneration package of Executive Directors’

comprises of salary, commission, perquisites and

allowances, and contributions to provident fund and

other retirement benefits as approved by the shareholders

at the general meetings. Annual increments are linked

to performance and are decided by Nomination and

Remuneration Committee and recommended to the

Board for approval thereof. The Company has no stock

option plans for the promoter executive directors/non-

executive directors and only non-promoter executive

directors are eligible for stock option plans.

During the financial year 2021-22, the Company did not

advance any loans to any of the directors.

The tenure of office of the Managing Director and

Executive Director is for 5 (five) years from their respective

dates of appointment and can be terminated by either

party by giving three months’ notice in writing. There is

no separate provision for payment of severance fees.

c)

Remuneration Criteria for the Key Managerial

Personnel (KMP) and other employees:

Remuneration of KMP and other employees largely

consists of basic salary, perquisites, allowances and

performance incentives. The components of total

remuneration vary for different grades and are governed

by industry patterns, qualifications and experience of the

employee, responsibilities handled by him/her, his/her

annual performance, etc. The performance pay policy

links the performance pay of each employee to his/

her individual, business unit and an overall Company’s

performance on parameters aligned to the Company’s

objectives.

Remuneration drawn by the Directors during the

financial year 2021-22

The remuneration paid to the Directors is in accordance

with the provisions of the Act and has been duly approved

by Members of the Company. None of the Directors of the

Company has any pecuniary relationship with the Company.

The remuneration paid to the Non-Executive Directors does not

exceed the threshold specified in Regulation 17(6)(ca) of the

SEBI Listing Regulations and no approval of the shareholders

by Special Resolution was called for. Also, the remuneration

of Managing Director and Executive Director were paid as per

the terms of their remuneration approved by shareholders by

way of respective special resolutions under Sections 196, 197,

198, 203, Schedule V and any other applicable provisions of

the Act or SEBI Listing Regulations.

The remuneration drawn by the Directors during the year is set out below:

Executive Directors

Name of the Non- Executive Director(s)

Sitting Fees

(H)

Commission

provided for

financial year

2021-22 (H)

Total (H)

Number of equity

shares and convertible

instruments held as at

March 31, 2022

Mr. Madhur Bajaj

8,00,000

8,00,000

16,00,000

2,00,000

Mr. Rajiv Bajaj

4,00,000

4,00,000

8,00,000

Nil

Ms. Pooja Bajaj

11,00,000

8,00,000

19,00,000

19,89,875

Mr. Harsh Vardhan Goenka

9,50,000

8,00,000

17,50,000

Nil

Mr. Shailesh Haribhakti

18,50,000

15,00,000

33,50,000

Nil

Dr. (Mrs.) Indu Shahani

23,50,000

15,00,000

38,50,000

Nil

Dr. Rajendra Prasad Singh

19,50,000

15,00,000

34,50,000

Nil

Mr. Munish Khetrapal

10,00,000

8,00,000

18,00,000

Nil

Mr. Siddharth Mehta*

6,00,000

4,00,000

10,00,000

NA

(Amount:H in lakh)

Particulars

Salary and

allowances

Perquisites

Retiral

benefits

Commission

payable

Total

Mr. Shekhar Bajaj

244.21

120.88

84.79

430.19

880.07

Mr. Anuj Poddar

444.56*

16.65

22.14

143.40

626.75

* Includes performance linked incentive of H 92.50 lakhs.

As on March 31, 2022, Mr. Shekhar Bajaj held 18,14,639 equity shares in the Company. Further, Mr. Anuj Poddar does not hold any

equity shares in the Company; however, he holds 1,10,000 stock options under the Company’s ESOP Scheme.

Non-Executive Directors

*Mr. Siddharth Mehta, whose first term was due to expire on May 29, 2021, had conveyed his desire not to seek re-appointment for the second term, owing to

his professional commitments. Accordingly, Mr. Siddharth Mehta’s tenure as an Independent Director of the Company came to an end on May 29, 2021.

Performance Evaluation

Pursuant to the provisions of the Act and the SEBI Listing

Regulations, the Board has carried out the annual evaluation of

its own performance, its Committees and Directors individually. A

structured questionnaire was prepared covering various aspects

of the Board’s functioning such as adequacy of the composition

of the Board and its Committees, Board culture, execution and

performance of specific duties, obligations and governance.

The performance evaluation of independent directors was

done by the entire Board, excluding the director being

evaluated. A separate exercise was carried out to evaluate the

performance of Individual Directors. The

Managing Director of

the Company and protected disclosure against the Chairman

&: Managing Director should be addressed to the

Managing Director

DIN: 00089358

Mumbai, May 17, 2022

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

STATUTORY REPORTS

83rd Annual Report 2021-22

168

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

169:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer (MD & CEO) and

Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Certification

To.

The Members,

BAJAI ELECTRICALS TIMITED

45147, Veer Nariman Road, Mumbai – 400001.

Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C clause 10(i) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board of BAJAJ ELECTRICALS LIMITED

have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of the companies by the Securities And Exchange

Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such other statutory authority as on the financial year ended on March 31, 2022.

For Anant B Khamankar & Co.

Company Secretaries

Sd/-

Anant B. Khamankar

Membership No.:3198

C P No.:1860

UDIN: F003198D000314388

Date: May 13,2022

Place: Mumbai

To,

The Board of Directors,

Bajaj Electricals Limited

45/47, Veer Nariman Road,

Mumbai – 400001

Dear members of the Board,

We, the undersigned, in our respective capacities as Chairman &: Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial

Officer of Bajaj Electricals Limited (“the Company”), to the best of

our knowledge and belief certify that:

1.

We have reviewed the financial statement and the cash flow

statement for the year ended on March 31, 2022 and to the

best of our knowledge and belief, we state that:

a.

these statements do not contain any materially untrue

statement or omit any material fact or contain statements

that might be misleading;

b.

these statements together present a true and fair view

of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with

the existing accounting standards, applicable laws and

regulations;

2.

We further state that to the best of our knowledge and belief,

there are no transactions entered into by the Company during

the said period, which are fraudulent, illegal or violative of the

Company’s Code of Business Conduct Ethics.

3.

We are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal

controls for financial reporting and that we have evaluated

the effectiveness of internal control systems of the Company

pertaining to financial reporting of the Company and

have disclosed to the Auditors and the Audit Committee,

deficiencies, in the design or operation of internal controls, if

any, of which we are aware and the steps we have taken or

propose to take to rectify these deficiencies.

4.

We have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation

of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting,

wherever applicable, to the Auditors and Audit Committee:-

a.

Any deficiencies in the design or operation of internal

controls, that could adversely affect the Company’s

ability to record, process, summarize and report financial

data, and have confirmed that there have been no

material weaknesses in internal controls over financial

reporting including any corrective actions with regard to

deficiencies;

b.

Any significant changes in internal controls during the

said period covered by this report;

c.

Any significant changes in accounting policies during the

said period, if any, and the same have been disclosed in

the notes to the financial statements; and

d.

Any instances of significant fraud of which we have

become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of the

management or an employee having a significant role in

the Company’s internal control system over the financial

reporting.

5.

We are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure

controls and procedures and internal controls over financial

reporting for the Company, and we have:

a.

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or

caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be

designed under our supervision to ensure that material

information relating to the Company, including its

consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others

within those entities, particularly during the period in

which this report is being prepared.

b.

Designed such internal control over financial reporting,

or caused such internal control over financial reporting

to be designed under our supervision, to provide

reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial

reporting and the preparation of financial statements for

external purposes in accordance with Indian Accounting

Standards (Ind AS).

c.

Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company’s disclosure,

controls and procedures.

d.

Disclosed in this report, changes, if any, in the Company’s

internal control over financial reporting that occurred during

the Company’s most recent fiscal year that has materially

affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the

Company’s internal control over financial reporting.

6.

We affirm that we have not denied any personal access

to the Audit Committee of the Company (in respect of

matters involving alleged misconduct) and we have provided

protection to whistleblowers from unfair termination and

other unfair or prejudicial employment practices.

7.

We hereby declare that all the members of the Board of

Directors and Corporate Management Committee have

confirmed compliance with the Code of Business Conduct &

Ethics for the said period covered by this report.

Sd/-

Sd/-

Shekhar Bajaj

E C Prasad

Mumbai, May 17, 2022

Managing Director of the Company and the

Chairman of the Audit Committee of the Board to maintain its

objectivity and independence.

The process owners undertake corrective action in their respective

areas within agreed timelines for significant risks identified in the

reports issued by Internal Auditors. This helps to improvise and

strengthen the controls. On a quarterly basis, significant audit

observations and corrective actions are presented to the Audit

Committee of the Board.

Disclaimer

Certain statements in the MDA section concerning future prospects may be forward-looking statements which involve a number

of underlying identified / non identified risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. In addition to

the foregoing changes in the macro-environment, a global pandemic like COVID-19may pose an unforeseen, unprecedented,

unascertainable and constantly evolving risk(s), inter-alia, to the Company and the environment in which it operates. The results of

these assumptions made, relying on available internal and external information, are the basis for determining certain facts and figures

stated in the report. Since the factors underlying these assumptions are subject to change over time, the estimates on which they are

based are also subject to change accordingly. These forward-looking statements represent only the Company’s current intentions,

beliefs or expectations, and any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it was made. The Company assumes

no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

STATUTORY REPORTS

83rd Annual Report 2021-22

190

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

191:

Managing Director

1.

Does the Company have any Subsidiary Company/Companies?

Yes

2.

Do the Subsidiary Company/Companies participate in the BR Initiatives of the parent company? If yes,

then indicate the number of such subsidiary company(s).

No

3.

Do any other entity/entities (e.g. suppliers, distributors, etc.) that the Company does business with,

participate in the BR initiatives of the Company? If yes, then indicate the percentage of such entity/

entities? [Less than 30%, 30-60%, More than 60%].

No

Section C – Other details

* As per standalone financial statements for the financial year 2021-22.

Section D: Business Responsibility (BR) Information

1. Details of Director/Directors responsible for BR

a.

Details of the Director(s) responsible for implementation of the Business Responsibility Policy/Policies (‘BR Policy/

Policies’)

b.

Details of the BR head

Mr. Shekhar Bajaj, Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director.

5.

Does the Company have a speciﬁed

committee of the Board / Director / Ofﬁcial to

oversee the implementation of the policy?

The Board has appointed Mr. Shekhar Bajaj, Chairman & Managing

Director, to oversee policy implementation.

6.

Indicate the link for the policy to be viewed

online?

Copies will be made available on receipt of written request from

shareholders.

7.

Has the policy been formally communicated to

all relevant internal and external stakeholders?

The policies have been formally communicated to internal stakeholders.

The external stakeholders will be communicated in due course.

8.

Does the Company have in-house structure to

implement the policy / policies?

Yes.

9.

Does the Company have a grievance redressal

mechanism related to the policy/policies to

address stakeholder’s grievances to the policy

/ policies?

Yes.

10.

Has the Company carried out independent

audit/evaluation of the working of this policy

by an internal or external agency?

No.

3. Governance related to BR

Information with reference to BR framework:

1.

Frequency of review, by the BR committee to assess the

BR performance: Annual.

2.

Does the Company publish a BR or a Sustainability

Report? What is the hyperlink for viewing this report?

How frequently it is published?

The Company is publishing the BR Report for the sixth time

and the same is available on the website of the Company:

www.bajajelectricals.com. No sustainability report is published

by the Company.

Section E: Business Responsibility (BR) Information

Principle 1: Businesses should conduct and

govern themselves with Ethics, Transparency and

Accountability

1.

Does the policy relating to ethics, bribery and corruption cover

only the company? Yes/No. Does it extend to the Group/

Joint Ventures/ Suppliers/ Contractors/ Non-Governmental

Organisations (NGOs)/ Others?

The Company has defined Code of Business Conduct and

Ethics (‘Code’) for Directors as well as all employees of the

Company that covers issues, inter-alia, related to ethics,

bribery and corruption. It also covers all dealings with

suppliers, customers and other business partners and other

stakeholders. The Code forms an integral part of the induction

of new employees.

The Company also has a Whistle Blower Policy (‘WB Policy’)

which enables its directors and employees to report their

concerns about unethical behaviour, actual or suspected fraud

or violation of the Company’s Code and provides safeguards

against victimisation of director(s)/employee(s), who avail of

the mechanism.

The Company also has policies for (a) Determining Materiality

of Events and Information, to ensure disclosure of any event

or information which, pursuant to SEBI regulations is material

to determine whether an event or information is material or

not and to ensure timely, accurate, uniform and transparent

disclosure; and (b) Prevention of Insider Trading and protection

of the unpublished price sensitive information.

The copies of all the above-mentioned policies are available

on the website of the Company: www.bajajelectricals.com.

2.

How many stakeholder complaints have been received in the

past financial year and what percentage was satisfactorily

resolved by the management? If so, provide details thereof, in

about 50 words or so.

There were no cases of violation of the Company’s Code

of Conduct in financial year 2021-22. There were 10 cases

reported under the Company’s WB Policy during the year, all of

which were resolved. There were 2 complaints received from

the shareholders during the financial year ended on March

31, 2022, which were attended and resolved during the

year. The Company has ensured prompt public disclosure of

unpublished price sensitive information in order to make such

information generally available and is in compliance with the

SEBI Insider Trading Regulations. The Company has different

mechanisms for receiving and dealing with complaints from

various stakeholders like investors, customers, employees and

suppliers, etc.

Principle 2: Businesses should provide goods

and services that are safe and contribute to

sustainability throughout their life cycle

1.

List upto 3 of your products or services whose design has

incorporated social or environmental concerns, risks and/or

opportunities and for each such product, provide the details

in respect of resource use (energy, water, raw material, etc.)

per unit of product (optional).

a)

Bajaj Fans

For the first time in India, the Premium range of Bajaj

ceiling fans bring anti-germ and bye-bye dust features,

powered by Advanced Polymer Technology. These

fans are also stylishly designed, with an emphasis on

providing flair and elegance to the room, along with

providing maximum functionality. Also, the Company’s

5 star rated fans runs on 50-54 watts, as compared to a

regular ceiling fan (non-BEE star rated) which consumes

75 watts, whereby the user of the fan will be able to save

the electricity consumption.

b)

Bajaj LED lightings

Bajaj LED range lighting solution is widely known as

one of the best in the market. The Company makes no

compromise on the standards it delivers in its products

and every product is manufactured with utmost care

given to every component.

To make a general comparison, the Company’s 7-watts

LED bulb delivers as much as 600 lumens more output

than a normal 60 watts GLS lamp. All this while saving

as much as 85% more electricity than conventional

lighting systems. Due to high standards maintained by

the Company, Bajaj LED bulbs are able to last for an

impressive lifetime of upto 25000 hours. Further, none

of Bajaj LED lights use any chemical compounds that

are potentially detrimental to the environment. This is in

contrast to the CFL or mercury lamps. The Company’s

range of LED lightning is also safe for domestic usage as

it does not emit harmful radiation like ultraviolet light or

infrared radiation, chronic exposure, which cause serious

health complications.

Also, in view of regular electricity related issues like

power cuts or load shedding, especially in the non-

metropolitan regions, the range of Bajaj LED lightings

is developed to deal with random voltage fluctuations

or abrupt discontinuation of electricity. Many of electric

LED bulbs have a built-in voltage surge protection

mechanism, which safeguards it against surges up to

2 kV. Bajaj LED lights consume less energy that besides

keeping the electricity bills light on customers’ pockets

also helps reduce carbon footprints.

c)

High Mast & Transmission Line Towers

The Company has one of the best Transmission Line

Towers (TLT) manufacturing facilities at Ranjangaon in

Pune districts of Maharashtra, which manufactures a

range of towers of 110/132/220/400/765 kV single/

double circuit power transmission lines.

The manufacturing facility is ISO 14000 and ISO 9001

certified and is equipped with the most sophisticated,

computer

controlled

stateof-art

machineries.

The

galvanising bath of size 13 mtr length x 1.5 mtr width

and 2.5 mtr depth is the biggest and most sophisticated

plant in India with automatic CNC control machines and

with totally enclosed radio remote controlled galvanising

plant imported from Gimeco, Italy. The Company’s world

class TLT manufacturing facility has been approved and

appreciated by Power Grid Corporation of India and all

reputed Electricity Boards across the country.

The Company is committed to environment sustainability

and therefore it works toward reduction and optimal

utilisation of energy, water, raw material, logistics, etc.

by incorporating new techniques and innovative ideas.

2.

Does the Company have procedures in place for sustainable

sourcing (including transportation)? If yes, what percentage

of your input was sourced sustainably?

The Company endeavours to focus on protection of

environment, stakeholders’ interest and cost effectiveness

while procuring any raw material or goods. The main raw

materials are procured from manufacturers / producers who

are well reputed keeping in mind the need for quality and

consistency. Adequate steps are taken for safety during

transportation and optimisation of logistics, which, in turn,

helps to mitigate the impact on climate.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

STATUTORY REPORTS

83rd Annual Report 2021-22

194

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

195:

Managing Director

DIN: 00089358

EC Prasad

Anuj Poddar

Chief Financial Officer

Executive Director

DIN: 01908009

per Vikram Mehta

Ajay Nagle

Shailesh Haribhakti

Partner

Legal & Company Secretary

Chairman - Audit Committee

Membership No.105938

DIN: 00007347

Mumbai, May 17, 2022

Statement of Standalone Profit and Loss for the year ended 31st March 2022

(H in Lakhs)

Particulars

Notes

For the year

ended 31-Mar-22

For the year

ended 31-Mar-21

Income:

Revenue from operations

24

4,77,034.57

4,57,306.34

Other income

25

10,125.01

7,268.64

Total Income

4,87,159.58

4,64,574.98

Expenses:

Cost of raw materials consumed

26

39,319.65

29,378.51

Purchases of traded goods

2,89,805.51

2,97,245.53

Changes in inventories of work-in-progress, ﬁnished goods, traded goods

26

2,154.77

(26,970.43)

Erection & subcontracting expenses

27

13,388.60

24,368.64

Employee beneﬁt expenses

28

38,435.59

38,827.79

Depreciation and amortisation expense

29

5,674.90

6,926.12

Other expenses

30

71,217.70

64,302.09

Finance cost

31

5,292.58

7,555.16

Total Expenses

4,65,289.30

4,41,633.41

Profit before exceptional items and tax

21,870.28

22,941.57

Exceptional Items

44, 45

1,322.69

(1,176.12)

Profit before tax

20,547.59

24,117.69

Income tax expense:

Current tax

32

5,045.56

4,761.14

Deferred tax

9

641.55

992.45

Adjustment of tax relating to earlier periods

32

(489.34)

-

Total tax expenses

5,197.77

5,753.59

Profit for the year

15,349.82

18,364.10

Other comprehensive (income) / loss

Items that will be reclassiﬁed to proﬁt and loss in subsequent periods

Cash ﬂow hedge reserve

35c

(51.20)

-

Tax impacts on above

12.89

-

Items that will not be reclassiﬁed to proﬁt and loss in subsequent periods

Remeasurement (gains)/losses on deﬁned beneﬁt plans

21

(720.80)

(928.22)

Tax impacts on above

9

181.41

233.61

Gain on bargain purchase on demerger

44

-

(165.18)

Other comprehensive income net of tax

(577.70)

(859.79)

Total Comprehensive Income net of tax

15,927.52

19,223.89

Earnings per equity share before exceptional items

(face value per share J 2)

39

Basic

14.25

15.05

Diluted

14.19

15.00

Earnings per equity share after exceptional items

(face value per share J 2)

39

Basic

13.38

16.08

Diluted

13.33

16.02

Summary of signiﬁcant accounting policies

1B

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Standalone

Financial Statements

As per our report attached of even date

For and on behalf of the Board of directors

For S R B C & CO LLP

of Bajaj Electricals Limited

ICAI Firm Registration No. 324982E/E300003

Chartered Accountants

Shekhar Bajaj

Chairman &: Managing Director

DIN: 00089358

EC Prasad

Anuj Poddar

Chief Financial Officer

Executive Director

DIN: 01908009

per Vikram Mehta

Ajay Nagle

Shailesh Haribhakti

Partner

Legal & Company Secretary

Managing Director

DIN: 00089358

EC Prasad

Anuj Poddar

Chief Financial Officer

Executive Director

DIN: 01908009

per Vikram Mehta

Ajay Nagle

Shailesh Haribhakti

Partner

Legal & Company Secretary

Chairman - Audit Committee

Membership No.105938

DIN: 00007347

Mumbai, May 17, 2022

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

STATUTORY REPORTS

83rd Annual Report 2021-22

252

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

253:

Managing Director

DIN: 00089358

EC Prasad

Anuj Poddar

Chief Financial Officer

Executive Director

DIN: 01908009

per Vikram Mehta

Ajay Nagle

Shailesh Haribhakti

Partner

Legal & Company Secretary

Chairman - Audit Committee

Membership No.105938

DIN: 00007347

Mumbai, May 17, 2022

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

STATUTORY REPORTS

83rd Annual Report 2021-22

254

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

255:

letter of intent executed between the Company

and the Buyer in this regard. The above sale of Property shall be subject to release of the charge created on the said Property by the consortium of banks.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

STATUTORY REPORTS

83rd Annual Report 2021-22

286

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

287:

Managing Director

DIN: 00089358

EC Prasad

Anuj Poddar

Chief Financial Officer

Executive Director

DIN: 01908009

per Vikram Mehta

Ajay Nagle

Shailesh Haribhakti

Partner

Legal & Company Secretary

Chairman - Audit Committee

Membership No.105938

DIN: 00007347

Mumbai, May 17, 2022:

Managing Director

DIN: 00089358

EC Prasad

Anuj Poddar

Chief Financial Officer

Executive Director

DIN: 01908009

per Vikram Mehta

Ajay Nagle

Shailesh Haribhakti

Partner

Legal & Company Secretary

Chairman - Audit Committee

Membership No.105938

DIN: 00007347

Mumbai, May 17, 2022

Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss for the year ended 31st March 2022

(H in Lakhs)

Particulars

Notes

For the year ended

31-Mar-22

For the year ended

31-Mar-21

Income:

Revenue from operations

24

4,81,301.45

4,58,460.46

Other income

25

6,833.64

6,920.48

Total Income

4,88,135.09

4,65,380.94

Expenses:

Cost of raw materials consumed

26

59,814.65

35,015.06

Purchases of traded goods

2,67,605.16

2,91,613.05

Changes in inventories of work-in-progress, ﬁnished goods, traded goods

26

1,711.05

(27,072.70)

Erection & subcontracting expenses

27

13,395.21

24,371.20

Employee beneﬁt expenses

28

40,140.08

39,450.58

Depreciation and amortisation expense

29

6,923.44

7,516.48

Other expenses

30

73,620.19

64,765.85

Finance cost

31

6,974.36

7,643.45

Total Expenses

4,70,184.14

4,43,302.97

Profit before share of profit / (loss) of an associate and a joint venture, exceptional items and tax

17,950.95

22,077.97

Exceptional Items

45, 48

1,322.69

(2,548.61)

Profit before share of profit / (loss) of an associate and a joint venture and tax

16,628.26

24,626.58

Share of proﬁt / (loss) of associate and joint venture

-

-

Profit before tax

16,628.26

24,626.58

Income tax expense:

Current tax

32

5,321.86

4,761.14

Deferred tax

9

(644.92)

969.55

Adjustment of tax relating to earlier periods

(489.34)

-

Total tax expenses

4,187.60

5,730.69

Profit for the year

12,440.66

18,895.89

Other comprehensive (income) / loss

Items that will be reclassiﬁed to proﬁt and loss in subsequent periods

Cash ﬂow hedge reserve

35c

(51.20)

-

Tax impacts on above

12.89

-

Items that will not be reclassiﬁed to proﬁt and loss in subsequent periods

Remeasurement (gains)/losses on deﬁned beneﬁt plans

21

(710.34)

(936.30)

Tax impacts on above

9

178.78

235.65

Gain on bargain purchase on demerger

45

-

(165.18)

Other comprehensive income net of tax

(569.87)

(865.83)

Total Comprehensive Income net of tax

13,010.53

19,761.72

Profit for the year attributable to

Equity holders of the parent

12,851.65

19,054.69

Non-controlling interest

(410.99)

(158.80)

Other comprehensive (income) / loss for the year attributable to

Equity holders of the parent

(571.97)

(864.61)

Non-controlling interest

2.10

(1.22)

Total comprehensive income / (loss) for the year attributable to

Equity holders of the parent

13,423.62

19,919.30

Non-controlling interest

(413.09)

(157.58)

Earnings per equity share before exceptional items (face value per share J 2)

39

Basic

11.71

14.31

Diluted

11.67

14.26

Earnings per equity share after exceptional items (face value per share J 2)

39

Basic

10.85

16.54

Diluted

10.81

16.49

Summary of signiﬁcant accounting policies

1B

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

As per our report attached of even date

For and on behalf of the Board of directors

For S R B C & CO LLP

of Bajaj Electricals Limited

ICAI Firm Registration No. 324982E/E300003

Chartered Accountants

Shekhar Bajaj

Chairman &: Managing Director

DIN: 00089358

EC Prasad

Anuj Poddar

Chief Financial Officer

Executive Director

DIN: 01908009

per Vikram Mehta

Ajay Nagle

Shailesh Haribhakti

Partner

Legal & Company Secretary

Managing Director

DIN: 00089358

EC Prasad

Anuj Poddar

Chief Financial Officer

Executive Director

DIN: 01908009

per Vikram Mehta

Ajay Nagle

Shailesh Haribhakti

Partner

Legal & Company Secretary

Chairman - Audit Committee

Membership No.105938

DIN: 00007347

Mumbai, May 17, 2022

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

STATUTORY REPORTS

83rd Annual Report 2021-22

350

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

351:

Managing Director

DIN: 00089358

EC Prasad

Anuj Poddar

Chief Financial Officer

Executive Director

DIN: 01908009

per Vikram Mehta

Ajay Nagle

Shailesh Haribhakti

Partner

Legal & Company Secretary

Chairman - Audit Committee

Membership No.105938

DIN: 00007347

Mumbai, May 17, 2022

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

STATUTORY REPORTS

83rd Annual Report 2021-22

352

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

353:

letter of intent executed between the

Company and the Buyer in this regard. The above sale of Property shall be subject to release of the charge created on the said Property by the consortium of banks.

ii) Terms and rights attached to equity shares

The Company has only one class of equity shares having a par value of H 2/- per share. Each holder of equity shares is entitled to one

vote per share. In the event of liquidation of the Company, the holders of equity shares will be entitled to receive remaining assets of

the Company, after distribution of all preferential amounts. The distribution will be in proportion to the number of equity shares held

by the shareholders.

iii) Issue of shares under Rights Issue:

In the financial year 2019-2020, Board of Directors of the Company at their meeting held on January 6, 2020, approved the offer

and issue of 11,290,142 fully paid-up equity shares of the Company by way of a rights issue to eligible shareholders of the Company

Note 16 : Equity share capital (Contd..)

as on the record date in accordance with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure requirements)

Regulations, 2018, as amended and other applicable laws, at a price of H 310 per share including a premium of H 308 per share.

Pursuant to the finalisation of the basis of allotment of the Issue in consultation with BSE Limited, the designated stock exchange for

the Issue, the Rights Issue Committee at its meeting held on March 13, 2020 considered and approved the allotment of 11,287,956

Rights Equity Shares, at an issue price of H 310 per Rights Equity Share, including a premium of H 308 per Rights Equity Share to the

eligible applicants in the Issue.

In light of the Ministry of Finance (Department of Financial Services) (Banking Division) and Reserve Bank of India imposing a moratorium

on Yes Bank Limited (“Yes Bank”) with effect from 18.00 hours on March 5, 2020 until April 3, 2020, 2186 Rights Equity Shares of

applicants who have made application in the Rights Equity Shares using Applications Supported by Blocked Amount (“ASBA”) facility

of Yes Bank, have been kept in abeyance which shall be allotted post receipt of the requisite funds. The Company has received funds

for 7 shares, which is lying in share application money pending allotment account. The Company has allotted these shares at the

subsequent rights issue committee meeting held on May 14, 2020. The Company has forfeited the remainder 2,179 shares.

Further, with regards to 55 shares, the Company has received final certificates from the Banks who have blocked the funds using

ASBA Facility. However these Banks are yet to transfer the funds to the Company.

iv) The Details of Shareholders holding more than 5% Shares:

(H in Lakhs)

Name of the Shareholder

As at 31st March 2022

As at 31-Mar-21

Nos.

% Holding

Nos.

% Holding

Jamnalal Sons Private Limited

22,443,275

19.54

22,443,275

19.59

Bajaj Holdings & Investment Limited

18,793,840

16.36

18,793,840

16.41

Kiran Bajaj

7,545,224

6.57

7,545,224

6.59

HDFC Small Cap Fund

6,518,743

5.67

6,775,359

5.92

Smallcap World Fund, Inc

6,515,607

5.67

7,218,607

6.30

v) Share reserved for issue under employee stock option scheme

For details of shares reserved for issue under the employee share based payment plan of the Company, please refer Note 33.

vi) Issue of shares under demerger scheme

During the previous year, the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Mumbai Bench vide its order dated May 21, 2020 had

approved the scheme of arrangement for demerger of the manufacturing undertaking of the Hind Lamps Limited (associate of the

Company) into the Company, which has been filed with the Registrar of Companies on June 30, 2020. The Company has issues

471,420 shares to the shareholders of Hind Lamps Limited on December 15, 2020.

vii) Change in promoter shareholding

Sr

no.

Grp Sr

no.

Promoter Name

As at 31st March 2022

As at 31-Mar-21

% change

during

the year

No of

shares

% of total

shares

No of

shares

% of total

shares

A

Promoters

1

1

Mr. Shekhar Bajaj

1,814,639

1.58%

2,814,639

2.46%

(0.88%)

2

2

Mr. Madhur Bajaj

200,000

0.17%

703,199

0.61%

(0.44%)

3

3

Mr. Niraj Bajaj

1,130,882

0.98%

1,130,882

0.99%

0.00%

4

4

Mr. Sanjivnayan Bajaj *

428,749

0.37%

428,749

0.37%

0.00%

5

5

Mr. Rahulkumar Bajaj **

-

0.00%

-

0.00%

0.00%

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

STATUTORY REPORTS

83rd Annual Report 2021-22

386

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

387:

Managing Director

DIN: 00089358

EC Prasad

Anuj Poddar

Chief Financial Officer

Executive Director

DIN: 01908009

per Vikram Mehta

Ajay Nagle

Shailesh Haribhakti

Partner

Legal & Company Secretary

Chairman - Audit Committee

Membership No.105938

DIN: 00007347

Mumbai, May 17, 2022

438

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

Notes:

