letter to

the Company at secretarial.corp@in.bosch.com,

authorizing its representative(s) to attend and

vote on their behalf at the Meeting, pursuant to

section 113 of the Act.

7.

Members/Proxies/Representatives are requested

to bring the attendance slip, annexed herewith,

for attending the meeting, duly completed and

signed mentioning therein details of their DP ID

and Client ID/Folio No.

8.

In case of joint holders attending the Meeting,

only such a joint holder whose name appears as

the first holder in the Register of Members will be

entitled to vote at the Meeting.

9.

The relevant documents referred to in the Notice

are available for inspection by the members at

the Registered Office of the Company during

business hours on any working day (i.e. except

Saturdays, Sundays & Public Holidays) between

10.00 a.m. IST to 5.00 p.m IST up to the date of

the Meeting.

10. Members who have not registered their e-mail

address so far are requested to register their

e-mail address with Depository Participant/

Registrar and Transfer Agents for receiving all

the communications including Annual Reports,

Notices, etc. in electronic mode.

11. Rule 3 of Companies (Management and

Administration) Rules, 2014 (as amended)

prescribes that Register of Members should

include details pertaining to e-mail, PAN/CIN,

UID, Occupation, Status and Nationality. We

request all the Members of the Company to

update the said details with their respective

depository participants in case of shares held in

electronic form and with the Company’s Registrar

and Transfer Agents in the case of physical

holding.

12. Book Closure: The Register of Members and

the Share Transfer Books of the Company will

remain closed from Saturday, July 16, 2022

to Wednesday, August 03, 2022 (both days

inclusive) for ascertaining entitlement of members

eligible to receive the dividend, if declared at the

meeting.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter etc. together

with attested specimen signature of the duly

authorized signatory who are authorized

to vote, to the Company at the email

address viz; secretarial.corp@in.bosch.com,

if they have voted from individual tab & not

uploaded same in the CDSL e-voting system

for the scrutinizer to verify the same.

All grievances connected with the facility for

voting by electronic means may be addressed

to Mr. Rakesh Dalvi, Manager, (CDSL) Central

Depository Services (India) Limited, A Wing,

25th Floor, Marathon Futurex, Mafatlal Mill

Compounds, N M Joshi Marg, Lower Parel

(East), Mumbai - 400013 or send an email to

helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or call on

022-23058542/43.

26. The facility for voting through electronic voting

system shall be made available at the Annual

General Meeting and the Members (including

proxies) attending the meeting who have not

cast their vote by remote e-voting shall be able to

exercise their right to vote at the Annual General

Meeting.

27. The voting rights of members shall be in

proportion to their share in the paid-up equity

share capital of the Company as on the cut-off

date i.e. Wednesday, July 27, 2022. Any person

who is not a member as on the cut-off date and

receives this notice shall treat the same for

information purposes only.

28. Pursuant to Rule 22(5) of the Rules, the Board

of Directors of your Company at its meeting

held on May 19,2022 has appointed Mr. N. D.

Satish (Membership No. FCS 10003), Practicing

Company Secretary as the Scrutinizer to

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter for re-appointment of

Ms. Hema Ravichandar as an Independent Director

setting out the terms & conditions are available on

the website of the Company viz., www.bosch.in and

are also available for inspection by the members as

per the instructions provided in the Note no. 9 of this

Notice. (would be available for inspection without any

fee by the Members at the Registered Office of the

Company during normal business hours on all working

days except Saturdays and Sundays up to the date of

ensuing AGM.)

A brief profile of Ms. Hema Ravichandar and other

information as required under Regulation 36 of SEBI

Listing Regulations and Secretarial Standard-2 on

General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company

Secretaries of India is provided as Annexure to this

Notice.

Save and except Ms. Hema Ravichandar, being

an appointee, none of the other Directors and Key

Managerial Personnel (“KMP”) of the Company and

their relatives in any way are concerned or interested

(financially or otherwise) in the resolution set out at

Item No. 6 of the Notice.

The Board recommends the Special Resolution set

out at Item No. 6 of the Notice for approval of the

Members.

ITEM NO. 7

The Board of Directors at its meeting held on May 19,

2022, based on the recommendation of the Nomination

and Remuneration Committee appointed Ms. Padmini

Khare as an Additional Director who holds office up to

the date of the 70th Annual General Meeting convened

on August 03, 2022. The Board further based on the

recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee and subject to shareholders’ approval,

recommended the appointment of Ms. Padmini

Khare as an Independent Director for a first tenure

of five years from May 19, 2022 upto May 18, 2027.

The Company has received a notice in writing under

section 160(1) of the Act proposing appointment of

Ms. Padmini Khare as a Director of the Company.

Ms. Padmini Khare has given her consent to act as

Director of the Company and further, has given a

declaration that she meets the criteria of independence

provided under the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”)

and the Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) and that she

is not aware of any circumstance or situation which

exists or may be reasonably anticipated that could

impair or impact her ability to discharge her duties as

an Independent Director of the Company. She has

confirmed that she is neither disqualified in terms

of section 164 of the Act from being appointed as a

Director nor debarred from holding office of director by

virtue of any SEBI order or any other such authority.

The Board recommends the appointment after

considering her skills and expertise in Accounting,

Finance, Audit, Taxation and Corporate Advisory and

rich experience as Managing Partner of a leading

accounting firm required by the Board. The Board

is of the view that Ms. Khare’s association would be

beneficial and in the interest of the Company and it

is desirable to avail her services as an Independent

Director.

In the opinion of the Board, Ms. Padmini Khare fulfils the

conditions specified in the Act and Listing Regulations

for such re-appointment and is independent of the

Management. Accordingly, it is proposed to appoint

Ms. Padmini Khare as an Independent Director of the

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter for appointment of

Ms. Padmini Khare as an Independent Director

setting out the terms & conditions are available on

the website of the Company viz., www.bosch.in and

are also available for inspection by the members as

per the instructions provided in the Note no. 9 of this

Notice.

A brief profile of Ms. Padmini Khare and other

information as required under Regulation 36 of SEBI

Listing Regulations and Secretarial Standard-2 on

General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company

Secretaries of India is provided as Annexure to this

Notice.

Save and except Ms. Padmini Khare, being an

appointee, none of the other Directors and Key

Managerial Personnel (“KMP”) of the Company and

their relatives in any way are concerned or interested

(financially or otherwise) in the resolution set out at

Item No. 7 of the Notice.

The Board recommends the Special Resolution set

out at Item No. 7 of the Notice for approval of the

Members.

ITEM NO. 8

The Board of Directors at its meeting held on May 19,

2022, based on the recommendation of the Nomination

and Remuneration Committee appointed Ms. Filiz

Albrecht as an Additional Director effective from July

01, 2022 who holds office up to the date of the 70th

Annual General Meeting convened on August 03,

2022. The Board further based on the recommendation

of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and

subject to shareholders’ approval, recommended the

appointment of Ms. Filiz Albrecht as a Non-Executive

Director from July 01, 2022, liable to retire by rotation.

The Company has received a notice in writing under

section 160(1) of the Act proposing appointment of

Ms. Filiz Albrecht as a Director of the Company.

In terms of Ms. Albrecht’s contract entered with Robert

Bosch GmbH, Germany as a member of Board of

Management, she is entitled to draw remuneration only

from Robert Bosch GmbH. Any other remuneration/

fees/commission as may be paid to her outside

Robert Bosch GmbH in the capacity of non-whole-

time director by any Bosch entity will need to be paid

back to Robert Bosch GmbH. Accordingly, Ms. Filiz

Albrecht has waived her right to receive remuneration/

fees/commission as a Non-Executive Director from

the Company.

A brief profile of Ms. Filiz Albrecht and other

information as required under Regulation 36 of SEBI

Listing Regulations and Secretarial Standard-2 on

General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company

Secretaries of India is provided as Annexure to this

Notice.

Save and except Ms. Filiz Albrecht, being an appointee,

none of the other Directors and Key Managerial

Personnel (“KMP”)of the Company and their relatives

in any way are concerned or interested (financially

or otherwise) in the resolution set out at Item No. 8

of the Notice. None of the Directors and KMP of the

Company are inter-se related to each other.

The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set

out at Item No. 8 of the Notice for approval of the

Members.

ITEM NO. 9

Mr. Karsten Mueller was appointed as an Alternate

Director to Dr. Stefan Hartung, a non-executive director

on the Board from February 12, 2021. Dr. Stefan

Hartung has tendered resignation from directorship

on the Board of the Company effective from July 01,

2022. Accordingly, Mr. Mueller who was appointed

as an alternate director to Dr. Stefan Hartung shall

vacate the office of Alternate Director co-terminus with

the cessation of directorship of Dr. Stefan Hartung in

the Company from July 01, 2022.

The Board of Directors at its meeting held on May 19,

2022, based on the recommendation of the Nomination

and Remuneration Committee appointed Mr. Karsten

Mueller as an Additional Director effective from July

01, 2022 who holds office up to the date of the 70th

Annual General Meeting convened on August 03,

2022. The Board further based on the recommendation

of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and

subject to shareholders’ approval, recommended

the appointment of Mr. Karsten Mueller as a Director

from July 01, 2022, liable to retire by rotation. The

Company has received a notice in writing under

section 160(1) of the Act proposing appointment of

Mr. Karsten Mueller as a Director of the Company. The

Board furthermore, subject to shareholders’ approval,

appointed Mr. Mueller as a Whole-time Director for a

period of 3 (three) years with effect from July 1, 2022

to June 30, 2025 on the terms and conditions as

mentioned below:

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director of all

important business transactions.

f. Other

benefits

Mr. Mueller would be entitled

to

any

other

benefits

or

privileges as may be available

to other Senior Management

Executives of the Company as

per the Company’s policy.

g. Relocation

Expenses

Relocation

expenses,

including

actual

expenses

incurred on travel and on

packing, forwarding, loading,

unloading as well as freight,

insurance, local transportation

and installation expenses in

connection with the moving of

personal effects of Mr.Mueller

and family will be paid when Mr.

Mueller finally retires from the

employment of the Company.

In case Mr. Mueller joins

another company within the

Bosch Group, that company will

bear these expenses.

However, if Mr. Mueller resigns

and joins another company

outside the Bosch Group, then

the Company will not reimburse

relocation expenses.

h. Leave

As per Company Policy

i. Business trip

Travel Cost for the Business

Trips will be reimbursed within

the framework of the Company

guidelines applicable for the

time being.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Dear Shareholders,

With reference to Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) Circular dated May 05, 2022 and Securities and Exchange

Board of India (SEBI) Circular dated May 13, 2022, the Notice of 70

th Annual General Meeting (AGM) and the

Annual Report of the Company for the year ended March 31,2022 are being sent only by electronic mode to all the

shareholders whose email address is registered either with the Company / Registrar & Transfer Agent (RTA)/

Depository Participants (DPs).

We find that your email id is not recorded / registered in the said folio/DPID-CLID for sending the reports in

electronic mode. You are requested to register your email id with your Depository Participant/ Registrar and

Transfer Agents for receiving future communications including Annual Reports, Notices, etc. in electronic mode.

Now, as per the requirement of Regulation 44(4) of the SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015, Proxy Form in Form No. MGT-11 is attached along with the Notice oftheAGM.

Thanking You,

Yours faithfully,

For Bosch Limited

Sd/-

V. Srinivasan

Company Secretary

& Compliance Officer

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

Guruprasad Mudlapur

Joint: Managing Director &

Chief Technology Officer

Sandeep N

Executive Director

Karsten Mueller

Alternate Director to

Stefan Hartung up to

June 30,2022

& whole-time Director

(from July 01,2022)

S. C. Srinivasan

Joint Managing Director & Chief

Financial Officer (upto 31.12.21)

Karin Gilges

Chief Financial Officer (from 01.05.22)

Rajesh Parte

Company Secretary & Compliance

Officer (upto 24.09.21)

Divya Ajith

Company Secretary (from 09.02.22 to

19.05.22) & Compliance Officer (from

24.09.21 to 19.05.22)

V. Srinivasan

Company Secretary & Compliance

Officer (from 20.05.22)

AUDITORS

Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP

Firm Registration

Number: 117366W/W-100018

BANKERS

State Bank of India

Canara Bank

HDFC Bank Limited

Citibank, N.A.

Deutsche Bank AG

REGISTERED OFFICE

Hosur Road

Adugodi

Bengaluru - 560 030

STOCK EXCHANGES

BSE Limited

(Scrip code-500530)

Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers

Dalal Street

Mumbai - 400 001

National Stock Exchange

of India Limited

(Symbol - BOSCHLTD)

Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla

Complex, Bandra (E)

Mumbai - 400 051

REGISTRAR &

TRANSFER AGENT

Integrated Registry

Management Services Pvt. Ltd.

No. 30, Ramana Residency

4th Cross, Sampige Road

Malleswaram

Bengaluru - 560 003

AUDIT COMMITTEE

S.V. Ranganath,

Managing Director

S.C. Srinivasan

Joint: Managing Director

(up to 31.12.2021)

Pawan Kumar Goenka

Independent Director

(from 21.05.2021)

Padmini Khare

Independent Director

(from 19.05.2022)

Guruprasad Mudlapur

Chief Technology Officer,

Joint Managing Director

(from 09.02.22)

Karin Gilges

Chief Financial Officer

(from 01.05.2022) and

Alternate Director to Filiz Albrecht

(from 01.07.2022)

Bhaskar Bhat

Lead Independent Director

Bernhard Straub

(

Dear Shareholders,

I would like to start this: letter with a note of appreciation.

Thank you for your constant support and trust, especially

during these dynamic times.

The year since our last annual report has continued to

witness the devastating effects of the second and third

waves of the COVID-19 pandemic, and my thoughts

remain with those who faced heartbreaking loss. Our

priorities continue to hold true as we focus on the safety of

our people and communities above all else.

As the upward trajectory at the beginning of 2021 came

to a sudden halt, the economic recovery lost momentum.

In FY 2021-22, the world faced challenges, including

the war in Ukraine, the impact of which cannot be

judged yet. Apart from this, the coronavirus pandemic

is still looming, causing intermediate lockdown in many

nations. Worldwide, we are also confronted with severe

supply shortages, especially of chips and other primary

products, with a notable rise in the global consumer price

index. The World Bank has forecasted a slump in global

economic growth to 2.9 percent in 2022, down from the

4.1 percent forecasted in January, warning that above-

average inflation and below-average growth would likely

have potentially destabilizing consequences for low- and

middle-income economies.

Along similar lines, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has

lowered its growth forecast for India to 7.2 percent for

FY 2022-23. Like most central banks, RBI is trying to rein

in inflation through continuous interest rate hikes, and

intermittently growth is about to suffer.

At the same time, our markets are in flux. The main

reasons for this are well known: climate action,

electrification, automation, and connectivity. Bosch

global is prepared to tackle tough situations and has a

strong product portfolio in electromobility with strong

order books. We are also focusing our efforts on the

promising field of fuel cells. In India, Bosch Limited will

support OEMs through system expertise and participate

in ecosystem partnerships to become a major player in

the electrification ecosystem. Leveraging a strong global

portfolio, Bosch in India is rightly positioned to support

Electric Vehicle (EV) adoption across segments. We will

also be involved in the hydrogen ecosystem with complete

powertrain modules already present in our portfolio. Our

target is to continue the transformation of India’s mobility

into ‘clean, convenient, and congestion-free.’ While EV

will make inroads into India, we still see the dominance of

Internal Combustion Engine (ICE) with a share of 70% -

75% till 2030.

The successful outcome of the FY 2021-22 financial

year, with significant sales and earnings growth despite

a challenging environment, bolsters our confidence. The

challenges we face in FY 2022-23 are tough, however,

we have a clear objective to transform and adapt in the

upcoming year. We have plans to recover the increasing

raw material cost and freight charges to sustain our

profitability. We are constantly discussing our acquisition

strategies in advanced automotive technologies to

maintain long-term growth. We are already prepared to

tackle the upcoming regulations changes beyond BS-VI.

We are planning to expand our consumer goods segment

by leveraging the digital ecosystem. In short, through

our actions to serve our customers and communities, we

seek to make tomorrow’s world a better place. Since its

inception in 1886, Robert Bosch GmbH has pioneered

—how its actions and decisions have benefited the

people and society. Bosch, both globally and in India has

transformed from a traditional to a future-ready and agile

organization and will continue with the legacy by finding

newer ways to tackle bigger challenges.

An important issue that we are focusing on is climate

change. Bosch Limited has been certified carbon-neutral

(on Scope 1 and 2) since 2020. We asked ourselves,

what next? So now, we are looking to further reduce

the carbon footprint in our entire value chain as per

the Scope 3 norms. Sustainability is ingrained within

the Bosch Group as globally ninety-four percent of the

share capital of Robert Bosch GmbH is held by Robert

Bosch Stiftung GmbH, a charitable foundation. At Bosch

Limited, the Board of Directors are actively responsible for

overseeing the Environmental, Social, and Governance

(ESG) performance and hence for the first time, we have

also shared a ESG report for you to understand the

different initiatives your company has taken under the

ESG umbrella.

As Bosch reaches the 100-year milestone in India, we are

geared with teams that are continuously upskilling and

with goals that are constantly challenging us, lighting the

spark for us to outdo ourselves and contribute profoundly

to make tomorrow’s world a better place. Our constant

endeavor is to develop the best possible technologies to

improve life, both now and in the future. We are ‘Invented

for Life’.

Stay safe and best regards!

Markus Bamberger

Managing Director

MD’s Message: Dear Shareholders,

I hope this letter finds you and your loved ones in

good health.

Over the past two years, the world has faced and

overcome unprecedented challenges by marshaling

resilience and courage in times of crisis and adapting to

the changing scenario. While the start of 2021 witnessed

momentum in the global economy and buoyancy in

business outlook, the first quarter of the fiscal year bore

the brunt of the intense effects of the second wave of

the COVID-19 pandemic. However, notwithstanding the

headwinds and the ebb and flow of restrictions throughout

the year, the agile response towards vaccinating people in

India has led us to the path of economic recovery as the

situation slowly returns to normal.

The world is going through unprecedented challenges

like the Supply Chain crisis including the continued chip

shortages, China Lockdown in particular Shanghai,

Ukraine-Russia War, and geopolitical shifts – this has

resulted in one of the highest inflations we have seen in

the world with impacts on interest rates and slowing down

of the economy with a looming and possible recession.

Yet we at Bosch are quietly and cautiously optimistic

about having a double-digit growth in FY 2022-23 over the

previous fiscal year.

Amid the multifaceted challenges faced by the industry,

Bosch India businesses demonstrated resilience and

recovery. As we step into the 100th year of our partnership

with India, we have set our eyes on tomorrow with our

exciting and futuristic manifesto, Spark.Nxt. Every idea.

Every evolution. Every transformation. Began with a

spark. And each spark will guide us as we embark on this

extraordinary journey.

We are already on the way to transitioning into an

enterprise with a digital ecosystem while remaining true

to our core of manufacturing and operational excellence.

While we are building technology that transforms lives, we

believe that sustainable ideas are the future—driven by

innovations created by people for people.

Business Highlights

The worldwide semiconductor crisis, which directly

impacted the automotive industry, had a major impact

on our revenues. This will continue to affect production

levels in FY 2022-23, but the impact will ease because of

our investments to de-risk the supply chain with additional

measures. The recovery in the second half of FY 2021-22

was led by the beyond mobility segment, which helped us

close this financial year with a respectable performance

with close to double-digit operating profit and revenue

levels almost reaching the peaks of FY2018-19 for

Bosch Limited.

In FY 2021-22, the Company recorded a total revenue

from operations of INR 11,104.7 Cr. The profit before tax

(PBT) stood at INR 1,500 Cr. The profit after tax (PAT)

stood at INR 1,217 Cr. To commemorate the centenary

celebration of Bosch India, a special Dividend of INR 100

per share is announced. The total Dividend payout for

FY21-22 stands at INR 210 per share.

The Production Linked Incentive (PLI) scheme introduced

by the government is welcomed by many industry

stakeholders across sectors as it paves the way for India’s

role as a manufacturing hub and is directed to boost

economic recovery amidst COVID-19 induced uncertainty.

16

Annual Report 2021-22

Bosch Limited

COMPANY OVERVIEW

BUSINESS OVERVIEW

ESG

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

17

Amid the multifaceted challenges

faced by the industry, Bosch

India businesses demonstrated

resilience and recovery. As we

step into the 100th year of our

partnership with India, we have

set our eyes on tomorrow with our

exciting and futuristic manifesto,

Spark.Nxt. Every idea. Every

evolution. Every transformation.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

Managing Director,

Bosch Limited & President,

Bosch Group, India

INR 200 crore

To be invested in advanced automotive

technologies by 2026

MD’s Message

18

Annual Report 2021-22

Bosch Limited

COMPANY OVERVIEW

BUSINESS OVERVIEW

ESG

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

19

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director of Bosch

Limited and President of the Bosch Group, India. The key message

addressed Bosch’s 100-year India legacy, 69 years of Make in India,

business overview and robust partnerships, and innovations in mobility

and non-mobility segments. In addition, Bosch also conveyed its aim

of making itself fit for the future with future-ready talent and ESG focus

while fostering workplace diversity and responsible leadership.

The Company also launched a video demonstrating the smart, secure,

and sustainable solutions implemented at the Spark.NXT campus and

how Bosch is creating technologies that are “Invented for life.” The

launch of the campus garnered attention across platforms, especially

the online community where in the live webcast witnessed strong

viewership and engagement rate.

MARK OF BEGINNING OF A NEW ERA

In the presence of dignitaries from India and Germany,

Bosch began its celebration of three momentous

occasions: The release of the Coffee Table Book – 100

years, 100 stories; the 100 years stamp; and unveiling of

the sculpture.

The CM and the other dignitaries on stage were invited

to the lamp lighting ceremony to signify new beginnings

and indicate Bosch India’s commitment to carry the light

of today in its journey forward.

The CM and Ms. Albrecht, and Mr. Bhattacharya

released a stamp commemorating the historic milestone

of 100 years of Bosch in India. Mr. Rajendra Kumar,

Chief Post-Master General, Karnataka circle, then

handed over the stamp to the CM.

The dignitaries unveiled the Bosch Coffee Table Book –

a book that captures the treasure trove of legacy, stories,

and experiences throughout Bosch’s 100-year journey

in India.

Symbolizing the

Spark.NXT spirit

The Spark.NXT logo symbolizes dynamism, vibrance,

youthful energy and flexibility. Together, it represents

the Bosch team’s versatility and vigor. The symbol is

a visual representation of the spirit of continuously

moving forward that has pervaded the organization over

100 years.

A flash mob performance captivated the assembled

crowd and displayed the culture and tradition infused

with diversity at Bosch.

The honorable Prime Minister graced the plaque

inauguration of the Spark.NXT campus with his

speech. The Hon’ble Chief Minister of Karnataka, Shri

Basavaraj Bommai, unveiled the plaque of the new

campus along with Ms. Filiz Albrecht and Mr. Soumitra

Bhattacharya and other dignitaries. During his virtual

address, the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, said

Bosch is as much Indian as German.

The CM graced the event with a speech that

highlighted Bosch’s contributions to the development

of Karnataka and commending its 100-year journey

in India.

The dignitaries unveiled the Spark.Vortex that

embodies Bosch India’s belief in drawing powerful

ideas and sparking these ideas into reality. The

dignitaries activated the vortex by placing their hands

on the digital scanner installed at the sculpture. Later,

the leaders from various industries and governments

witnessed the smart solutions implemented within

the building.

28

Annual Report 2021-22

Bosch Limited

COMPANY OVERVIEW

BUSINESS OVERVIEW

ESG

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

29

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director nominates the functional leads

to head the 3 pillars of ESG.

The Executive Committee concerns itself with Bosch’s

strategic orientation in relation to sustainability,

whereas goal agreements and management review for

all sustainability related issues are the responsibility

of the: Managing

letter.

Based on the recommendations made by the Board

of Directors in its meeting held on May 20, 2021, the

shareholders in its 69th Annual General Meeting approved

the following:

(a) Appointment of Mr. Markus Bamberger (DIN:

09200475) as a non-executive director of the Board

with effect from June 11, 2021;

(b) Appointment of Dr. Pawan Kumar Goenka (DIN:

00254502) as an Independent Director for a period

of 5 years with effect from May 21, 2021 till May 20,

2026; and

(c) Re-appointment of Mr. S.V Ranganath (DIN:

00323799) as an Independent Director of the

Company for a further period of three years with effect

from July 01, 2021 to June 30, 2024.

The Board further appointed Mr. Bhaskar Bhat

(DIN:00148778) as Lead Independent Director from May

21, 2021 to March 31, 2024. The appointment is made in

furtherance of Company’s commitment to good corporate

governance practices.

Mr. S.C. Srinivasan (DIN: 02327433), conveyed his decision

to opt for early retirement with effect from April 01, 2022

and resigned from his position as Joint: Managing Director

and Chief Financial Officer of Bosch Limited with effect

from January 01, 2022.

The Board of Directors at its meeting held on

January 17, 2022 appointed Ms. Karin Gilges as the

Chief Financial Officer of the Company with effect from

May 01, 2022.

The shareholders approved the re-appointment of

Mr. Soumitra Bhattacharya (DIN:02783243) as the

Managing Director of the Company for a further period

of 1 (One) year from July 01, 2022, to June 30, 2023 and

appointment of Mr. Guruprasad Mudlapur, Chief Technology

Officer (DIN:07598798) as Joint Managing Director for a

period of 3 (Three) years with effect from February 09, 2022

to February 08, 2025 through resolutions passed by Postal

Ballot on April 07, 2022.

Effective January 01, 2022, Dr. Stefan Hartung was

appointed as

Managing Director from July 01, 2022, to June 30, 2023

and Mr. Guruprasad Mudlapur, Chief Technology Officer

has been appointed as Joint: Managing Director for a period

of 3 (Three) years with effect from February 09, 2022 to

February 08, 2025.

Whole-time Directors

Mr. Sandeep N. was appointed as an executive director for

a period of three years from February 12, 2021 till February

11, 2024. Mr. Karsten Mueller has been appointed as an

Alternate Director to Dr. Stefan Hartung and as a deemed

Whole-time Director for a period of three years with effect

from February 12, 2021 to February 11, 2024.

The Board has in its meeting held on May 19, 2022

appointed Mr. Karsten Mueller as Whole Time Director

of the Company, for a period of 3 years with effect from

July 01, 2022 to June 30, 2025.

Chief Financial Officer

Mr. S.C. Srinivasan resigned from his position of Chief

Financial Officer with effect from January 01, 2022. The

Board of Directors in its meeting held on January 17, 2022

appointed Ms. Karin Gilges as the Chief Financial Officer

from May 01, 2022.

Company Secretary

Mr. Rajesh Parte resigned from his position as the

Company Secretary and Compliance Officer with effect

from September 24, 2021. Ms. Divya Ajith was appointed

as the Compliance Officer from September 24, 2021 and

subsequently, appointed as the Company Secretary from

February 09, 2022 as an interim measure to fill the vacancy

in the 2 (two )positions. The Board has in its meeting

held on May 19, 2022 appointed Mr. V. Srinivasan as the

Company Secretary from May 20, 2022.

As on the date of this report, the following persons have

been designated as the Key Managerial Personnel of

the Company pursuant to Section 2 (51) and 203 of

the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies

(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel)

Rules, 2014:

(a) Mr. Soumitra Bhattacharya - Managing Director

(b) Mr. Guruprasad Mudlapur - Joint Managing Director

and Chief Technology Officer

(c) Mr. Sandeep Nelamangala - Executive Director

(d) Mr. Karsten Mueller- Alternate Director to Dr. Stefan

Hartung (deemed Whole-time Director)

(e) Ms. Karin Gilges- Chief Financial Officer

(f)

Ms. Divya Ajith - Company Secretary &

Compliance Officer

8.3 Independent Directors and Lead Independent

Director

All the independent directors of the Company meet the

criteria of independence as provided under sub-section (6)

of Section 149 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation

16(1)(b) of SEBI(LODR) Regulations, 2015. Declarations to

this effect have been received from them. The Independent

Directors of the Company have registered themselves with

the databank maintained by the Indian Institute of Corporate

Affairs (“IICA”) and are either exempt from the requirement

to undertake online proficiency self-assessment test or

passed the same. The Board is of the opinion that all the

Independent Directors are persons of integrity and possess

relevant expertise and experience (including proficiency).

The Board of Directors at its meeting held on May 19,

2022, based on the recommendation of Independent

Directors, appointed Mr. Bhaskar Bhat as the Lead

Independent Director.

As the Lead Independent Director, he shall be responsible

for the following:

(a) Lead exclusive meetings of the IDs and provide

feedback to the Chairperson/Board of directors after

such meetings;

(b) Serve as liaison between the chairperson of the Board

and the IDs;

(c) Have the authority to call meetings of the IDs; and

(d) If requested by shareholders (case to case basis),

ensure that he/she is available for consultation and

direct communication.

8.3.1 Familiarization Programme for Independent

Directors

The Company familiarizes its Independent Directors with

their roles, rights, responsibilities in the Company, nature of

the industry in which the Company operates, etc., through

various programmes. These sessions are delivered upon

induction of a new Director, as well on an ongoing basis

Regular presentations are made at the Board Meetings

by the Executive Directors and other Senior Management

persons which gives an opportunity to the Directors to

interact with the Management and get an overview of

the operations and familiarize with matters related to the

Company’s values and commitments. The Directors are

provided with all information on regular basis to enable

them to have a better understanding of the Company,

its operations and the industry in which it operates. The

Directors are also made aware about their roles and

responsibilities on regular basis.

For details of familiarization programmes of the

Independent Directors and number of hours please refer to

the Corporate Governance Report.

8.4 Performance Evaluation of Directors

In line with the provisions of the Act and the Listing

Regulations, the Nomination & Remuneration Committee

and the Board have carried out an annual performance

evaluation of its own performance, Committees and

individual Directors.

For details of the performance evaluation including

evaluation criteria for Independent Directors, please refer

the Corporate Governance Report.

9. BOARD MEETINGS

During the year under review, five(5) meetings of the Board

of Directors were held. The particulars of the meetings

and attendance thereat are mentioned in the Corporate

Governance Report.

10. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR)

COMMITTEE AND INITIATIVES

As on the date of this report, the CSR Committee

comprises of Mr. Bhaskar Bhat (Independent Director) as its

Managing Director

Joint: Managing Director

& Chief Technology Officer

Place: Bengaluru

Date: May 19, 2022

Annexure ‘A’ to the Report of the Directors

ANNUAL REPORT ON CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR) ACTIVITIES FOR THE FINANCIAL

YEAR 2021-22

1.

Brief outline on CSR Policy of the Company.

Robert Bosch, our Founder, remains the predominant source of inspiration for meaningful and impactful Corporate

Social Responsibility (CSR) at Bosch Limited (Bosch). Entrepreneur-par-excellence and distinguished philanthropist,

Robert Bosch played a significant role in uplifting people and improving the social conditions of the day. He envisioned

a company that generated social capital beyond products, services and profits. We live the Bosch values and believe

in our responsibility towards society.

All our CSR projects works towards the holistic development of the individual and society, as below:

(i)

To facilitate an enabling environment for underprivileged children to access quality education and health care

services. with specific emphasis on girl child.

(ii) To enhance employability of the underprivileged youth through industry-relevant vocational trainings.

(iii) To engage in socially relevant local projects at Bosch Ltd. locations (Bosch) for an impactful intervention.

To optimize impact of its CSR activities, Bosch focuses its support and CSR spends specific pre-determined causes

and areas of interventions. The following CSR thrust areas of Bosch Limited are aimed to resolve specific social and

community issues and enable the beneficiaries of these programs to secure a better tomorrow:

(i)

Vocational training focused on employable skills.

(ii) Health, Hygiene and education.

(iii) Neighborhood projects as per the local needs identified by Bosch Plants/Offices.

The CSR Policy provides guiding principles of Selection, Implementation and Monitoring of activities as well as

Formulation of the annual action plan

2.

Composition of CSR Committee:

Sl.

No. Name of Director

Designation/Nature of

Directorship

Number of meetings of

CSR Committee held

during the year

Number of meetings of CSR

Committee attended during

the year

1

Mr. Bhaskar Bhat (

Managing Director: Managing Director

Managing Director, Robert Bosch Chassis Systems India

Pvt. Ltd., and Chairman Bosch India Foundation for sharing

his valuable insights. Also, we appreciate the help and

guidance received from Mr. Suresh BR, Country Head –

HR, Bosch India, during the project.

Despite their busy schedules, the Bosch CSR team ensured

that every support was made available from their side to

enable the researchers to complete the study successfully.

Further, we are thankful to Shri Sitesh Bharti and Shri.

Pradyumna Mohanty from Bosch Ltd. for coordinating the

data collection efforts and providing the relevant detailed

information on every CSR project assessed. They ensured

that the researchers could connect with various internal

and external stakeholders and project beneficiaries via

telephone calls and video conferences.

We would also like to record our appreciation for all the

CSR project stakeholders of Bosch Ltd. who spared

their time and provided us with the required information.

Without the efforts and help of the people acknowledged

herein, we would not have been able to carry out this CSR

study satisfactorily.

Yours Sincerely,

Dr. Atul Arun Pathak

Dr. Kinshuk Saurabh

Dr. Bhimaraya Metri

Indian Institute of Management Nagpur

1

BRIDGE PROGRAM

The objective of the BRIDGE Program is to

• Make the underprivileged dropout employable and

bring them into the mainstream, thereby creating a

pool of highly skilled workforce for the industry,

• Impart industry knowledge and job-relevant skills

with particular emphasis on life skills, soft skills, and

hands-on experience, enabling job placement for

each BRIDGE candidate, and

• Engage multiple stakeholders and utilize Bosch’s

vocational training competence to ensure program

quality, scalability, and sustainability.

It provides classroom training on soft skills such as

life skills, communication, self-presentation, and

industry-specific skills to underprivileged youth. It also

offers on-the-job training and community development

opportunities. The students get a Bosch learner kit,

job placement support, and Bosch certification. The

program is being provided to lesser-privileged youth

across India through BRIDGE centers operating in

ITIs, pre-university colleges/higher secondary schools,

colleges offering Masters in Social Work, universities,

and private vocational institutes.

Nearly 50,000 less-educated youth have been trained

through BRIDGE and supported in entry-level jobs

through 725 BRIDGE centers in over 500 districts.

The Management, Entrepreneurship, and Professional

Skills Council gives joint certification with Bosch.

Bosch has also partnered with Tata Steel and

Sleepwell to share best practices and create a

broader impact.

The study finds that the program impacts several

sustainable development goals (SDGs) and the

national development agenda. It has contributed to

poverty reduction by reducing unnecessary migration,

improving social recognition and family income;

ensuring learning opportunities by providing continuing

education, skilling, job placements, and training the

trainers through innovative curriculum design; gender

equality and women empowerment by providing

employment and Internship for girls; sustainability

of economic growth by providing psychosocial

development of underprivileged youth, aligning

vocational skills with industry requirements, and

reducing regional and income inequality.

1.1 Overall impact assessment of the BRIDGE program

Table 3: Overall impact assessment of the BRIDGE program

Parameter

Unsatisfactory

Satisfactory

Good

Very Good

Excellent

Overall

Need for the intervention

4.75

4.75

Approach

5.00

5.00

Sustainability

5.00

5.00

Economy

4.50

4.50

Replicability & Scalability

4.50

4.50

Potential to work as role model

4.75

4.75

AVERAGE RATING

4.75

Note: The scoring is on a scale of 1 to 5, with 1 being poor and 5 being excellent. The scores are averages of

researchers’ impressions based on the analysis of the quantitative and qualitative data shared by Bosch.

2

PARAMEDICS TRAINING PROGRAM

The program has two key objectives. First, it aims

to fulfill youth’s rural/urban skilling needs. Second,

it meets the healthcare workforce needs of India.

Accordingly, the program trains paramedics

in two significant trades, viz. General Duty

Assistant and Pharmacy Assistant (FY 2020-21) &

Caregivers (FY 2021-22), in immediate response

to the current healthcare needs arising from the

COVID-19 pandemic.

It is a three-month short-term training program

comprising two months of classroom training and one

month of “On the Job Training” (OJT). It was offered

in collaboration with Apollo Medskills in 2020-2021

and received assessment & certification by HSSC.

In 2021-2022, it was implemented directly through

BRIDGE centers and nursing colleges. Bosch provides

assessment & certification to caregivers.

The program’s overall impact is in building capacity

regarding providing OJT and training the trainers to

meet trainer shortfall in the healthcare sector. These

practical skills provide the necessary experience and

employment opportunities.

The program contributes to ensuring healthy lives and

well-being, learning opportunities, gender equality, &

empowerment and carries high replicability potential.

Good infrastructure for kit, training and OJT enhances

this initiative’s replicability. Besides, it is a low-

cost model. The participants start earning a decent

income on completion of the program. Ultimately, the

paramedic labor force can become more productive

and help mitigate suffering from deadly diseases.

2.1 Overall impact assessment of paramedics training program

Table 4: Overall impact assessment of paramedics training program

Parameter

Unsatisfactory

Satisfactory

Good

Very Good

Excellent

Overall

Need for the intervention

4.75

4.75

Approach

5.00

5.00

Sustainability

5.00

5.00

Economy

4.00

4.00

Replicability & Scalability

4.00

4.00

Potential to work as role model

4.75

4.75

AVERAGE RATING

4.58

Note: The scoring is on a scale of 1 to 5, with 1 being poor and 5 being excellent. The scores are averages of

researchers’ impressions based on the analysis of the quantitative and qualitative data shared by Bosch.

3

AYURVEDA AIDED HEALTH & WELLNESS

PROGRAM

The program aims to establish a proof of practice

feasibility of Ayurveda & yoga interventions and

wellness practices, especially in the rural community.

It has been conceived as a pilot study to develop

various concepts, tools, and features to create a self-

sustaining and scalable model for a larger rollout in a

subsequent phase. The study involved 250 volunteer

participants drawn from a network of Bosch CSR

villages. It comprised two parts: Part (A) ran for seven

months, from September 2020 to March 2021; Part (B)

from April 2021 to August 2021.

The project led to the development of tools for self-

administration of Prakruti & Wellness assessments,

customized Ayurveda products, and Yoga practices

for 250 volunteers to improve their wellness/

immunity and respiratory health, dietary guidance

charts, communication material for assessments,

products, dietary guidance, scalable digital data tools

for the capture of field data, data-uploading, data-

management, data-integration, and data interface

platform, tools for influencing behavior change and

compliance improvement, capacity building & a trained

core team to execute larger programs. All of these are

assets that can be utilized fully in subsequent studies.

However, it is a costly study and depends on funding

received from Bosch. Alternative funding sources need

to be identified to make it sustainable.

120

Annual Report 2021-22

Bosch Limited

121

COMPANY OVERVIEW

BUSINESS OVERVIEW

ESG

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

Guruprasad Mudlapur

(DIN: 07598798)

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

16.2%

53.08

11.

Mr. S. C. Srinivasan9

Joint: Managing Director & Chief Financial Officer

NA

33.03

12. Mr. Guruprasad Mudlapur10

Joint Managing Director & Chief Technology Officer

NA

1.37

13. Mr. Sandeep N.

Executive Director

36.1%

21.17

14. Mr. Karsten Mueller

Alternate Director to Dr. Stefan Hartung

NA

43.36

15. Mr. Rajesh Parte11

Company Secretary & Compliance Officer

NA

2.27

16. Ms. Divya Ajith12

Company Secretary & Compliance Officer

NA

0.23

1 The % increase of remuneration is provided only for Directors and KMP who have drawn remuneration from the Company for current

financial year 2021-22 and previous financial year 2020-21.

2 The term ‘Employees’ for the above purpose and sl. no. III below, includes all employees except employees/associates governed under

Long-term wage settlement.

3,5&6 Dr. Bernhard Straub, Mr. Markus Bamberger and Dr. Stefan Hartung have waived their right to receive remuneration as Director of the

Company.

4 Resigned from directorship and his position as the

Managing Director: Managing

letter of even date which

is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of

this report.

To,

The Members,

BOSCH Limited

CIN: L85110KA1951PLC000761

Hosur Road, Adugodi,

Bengaluru – 560 030

Our report of even date is to be read along with this: letter.

1.

Maintenance of Secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to

express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and process as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that

correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a

reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Account of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the

responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

7.

We further report that, based on the information provided by the Company, its officers, and authorized representatives

during the conduct of the audit and also on the review of half-yearly compliance report issued by the respective

departmental heads/ Company Secretary/ Managing

Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer of the

Company with effect from January 01, 2022. The

Board of Directors at its meeting held on January 17,

2022 appointed Ms. Karin Gilges as the Chief Financial

Officer of the Company with effect from May 01, 2022.

Based on shareholders’ approval accorded by Postal

Ballot on April 07, 2022, Mr. Guruprasad Mudlapur

has been appointed as Joint: Managing Director for

a period of 3 (Three) years with effect from February

09, 2022 to February 08, 2025. The shareholders

have also, vide resolution passed by postal ballot,

accorded approval for re-appointment of Mr. Soumitra

Bhattacharya as the Managing Director for a further

term of one year from July 01, 2022 to June 30, 2023.

The composition of the Board, directorship and Committee positions as on March 31, 2022 is as under:

Sl.

No. Name of the Director

Category

Directorships

held1

Membership

of committees

in Audit/

Stakeholder

Committee(s)

including the

Company

letter. Dr. Pawan

Kumar Goenka was appointed as an Independent

Director from May 21, 2021. As on March 31, 2022, the

148

Annual Report 2021-22

Bosch Limited

149

COMPANY OVERVIEW

BUSINESS OVERVIEW

ESG

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter of appointment encompassing the terms and

conditions of appointment, roles, duties and liabilities

have been issued to the Independent Directors. The

main terms of appointment can be accessed at:

https://www.bosch.in/media/our_company/

shareholder_information/2022/investor_service_

request_forms/revisedid_terms_of_reference_2022.

pdf

The Company has received the necessary declaration

from each Independent Director in accordance with

Section 149(7) of the Act and Regulations 16(1)

(b) and 25(8) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, that

he/she meets the criteria of independence as laid

out in Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulations

16(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations. In the

opinion of the Board, there has been no change

in the circumstances which may affect their status

as Independent Directors of the Company and the

Board is satisfied of the integrity, expertise, and

experience (including proficiency in terms of Section

150 of the Act and applicable rules thereunder) of all

Independent Directors on the Board. The Board of

Directors confirms that all the Independent Directors

of the Company fulfil the conditions specified under

the Listing Regulations and are Independent of the

Management of the Company.

Independent Directors separate meeting

During FY 2021-22, the Independent Directors met

separately on May 19, 2021 without the presence

of Non-Independent Directors and members of the

management in compliance with Regulation 25 (3) of

the Listing Regulations and Schedule IV of the Act. At

the said meeting, the Independent Directors, inter-alia

considered the following:

(i)

Reviewed the performance of Non-Independent

Directors and the Board of Directors as a whole.

(ii) Reviewed the performance of the Chairperson

of the Company, taking into account the views of

executive Directors and Non-Executive Directors.

(iii) Assessed the quality, quantity and timeliness of

flow of information between the management of

the listed entity and the Board of Directors that is

necessary for the Board of Directors to effectively

and reasonably perform their duties.

The Independent Directors expressed satisfaction on

the performance of Non-Independent Directors, the

Chairman and the Board as a whole. The Independent

Directors were also satisfied with the quality, quantity

and timeliness of flow of information between the

Company Management and the Board.

Familiarization programme for Independent

Directors:

Familiarization programmes for Independent Directors

generally form a part of the Board process. The

Independent Directors are updated on an on-going

basis at the Board/Committee Meetings, inter-alia, on

the following:

(i)

Nature of the industry in which the

Company operates

(ii) Business environment and operational model

of various business divisions of the Company

including important developments thereon

(iii) Roles, rights and responsibilities of Directors;

(iv) Important changes in regulatory framework having

impact on the Company;

(v) Bosch Group business; and

(vi) The manufacturing facilities of the Company at

various locations.

At the time of induction, the Company familiarizes

the Independent Directors with industry outlook,

business strategy, Company’s operations, their roles

and responsibilities, etc. Thereafter, the Independent

Directors are provided with necessary presentations,

documents, reports, internal policies and updates

to familiarise them with the Company’s business,

policies, procedures and practices at various meetings

held during the year.

Details of the Familiarization programme for

Independent Directors can be accessed at the

following link:

https://www.bosch.in/media/our_company/

shareholder_information/2022/investor_service_

request_forms/id_familirization_programme_updated_

till_feb_09_2022.pdf

3.

BOARD COMMITTEES

(i)

Audit committee

(a) Terms of reference:

The terms of reference given by the Board of Directors

pursuant to Section 177 of the Act and the Listing

Regulations are briefly described below:

1.

Oversight of the Company’s financial reporting

process and disclosure of its financial information

to ensure that the financial statement are correct,

sufficient and credible;

2.

Recommend appointment, remuneration and

terms of appointment of auditors of the Company;

3.

Approval of payment to statutory auditors for any

other services rendered by the statutory auditors;

4.

Reviewing, with the management, the annual

financial statements and auditor’s report thereon

before submission to the Board for approval, with

particular reference to:

a.

matters required to be included in the

Director’s Responsibility Statement to be

included in the Board’s Report in terms of

clause (c) of sub-section 3 of Section 134 of

the Companies Act, 2013;

b.

changes, if any, in accounting policies and

practices and reasons for the same;

c.

major accounting entries involving estimates

based on the exercise of judgment

by management;

d.

significant adjustments made in the financial

statements arising out of audit findings;

e.

compliance with listing and other legal

requirements relating to financial statements;

f.

disclosure of any related party transactions;

g.

modified opinion(s) in the draft audit report;

5.

Reviewing with the management:

The quarterly financial statements before

submission to the Board for approval;

The statement of uses / application of funds

raised through an issue (public issue, rights

issue, preferential issue etc.), the statement

of funds utilized for purposes other than those

stated in the offer document / prospectus / notice

and the report submitted by the monitoring

agency monitoring the utilisation of proceeds of

a public or rights issue, and making appropriate

recommendations to the Board to take steps in

this matter;

6.

Review and monitor the auditor’s independence

and performance, and effectiveness of

audit process;

7.

Approval or/and any subsequent modification of

transactions of the Company with related parties;

8.

Scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investments;

9.

Valuation of undertakings or assets of the

Company, wherever it is necessary;

10. Evaluation of internal financial controls and risk

management systems;

11. Reviewing with the management performance of

statutory and internal auditors, adequacy of the

internal control systems;

12. Reviewing the adequacy of internal audit function,

if any, including the structure of the internal audit

department, staffing and seniority of the official

heading the department, reporting structure

coverage and frequency of internal audit;

13. Discussion with internal auditors of any significant

findings and follow up there on;

14. Reviewing the findings of any internal

investigations by the internal auditors into matters

where there is suspected fraud or irregularity or

a failure of internal control systems of a material

nature and reporting the matter to the Board;

15. Discussion with statutory auditors before the audit

commences, about the nature and scope of audit

as well as post-audit discussion to ascertain any

area of concern;

16. To look into the reasons for substantial defaults in

the payment to the depositors, debenture holders,

shareholders (in case of non-payment of declared

dividends) and creditors;

17. To review the functioning of the Whistle

Blower mechanism;

18. Approval of appointment of Chief Financial Officer

after assessing the qualifications, experience and

background, etc. of the candidate;

150

Annual Report 2021-22

Bosch Limited

151

COMPANY OVERVIEW

BUSINESS OVERVIEW

ESG

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer.

Based on the recommendation of the Committee,

the Board has appointed Ms. Karin Gilges, the Chief

Financial Officer as the Chief Risk Officer (CRO)

effective from May 01, 2022. As the CRO, Ms. Gilges

is responsible for defining and maintaining risk

management framework in the Company.

154

Annual Report 2021-22

Bosch Limited

155

COMPANY OVERVIEW

BUSINESS OVERVIEW

ESG

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

2. Re-designation of Mr. Jan-Oliver Roehrl as

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

from July 01, 2022 to

June 30, 2023

Special

Total E-ballot forms received

552

26,126,696

100.00

Less: Invalid E-ballot forms (as per

E - Voting)

Nil

Nil

Nil

E- ballot forms with assent for the

resolution (as per register)

436

25,535,877

97.74

E-ballot forms with dissent for the

resolution (as per register)

116

590,819

02.26

Appointment of

Mr. Guruprasad

Mudlapur

(DIN:07598798)

as a Director of the

Company

Ordinary

Total E-ballot forms received

551

26,126,696

100.00

Less: Invalid E-ballot forms (as per

E - Voting)

Nil

Nil

Nil

E- ballot forms with assent for the

resolution (as per register)

500

25,933,434

99.26

E-ballot forms with dissent for the

resolution (as per register)

51

193,262

00.74

Appointment of

Mr. Guruprasad

Mudlapur

(DIN:07598798)

as Joint Managing

Director from

February 09, 2022 to

February 08, 2025

Special

Total E-ballot forms received

552

26,126,696

100.00

Less: Invalid E-ballot forms (as per

E - Voting)

Nil

Nil

Nil

E- ballot forms with assent for the

resolution (as per register)

436

25,560,303

97.83

E-ballot forms with dissent for the

resolution (as per register)

116

566,393

02.17

(d) Whether any special resolution is proposed to be

conducted through postal ballot;

As on the date of this report, there is no proposal for

passing any special resolution by postal ballot.

(e) Procedure for postal ballot:

Pursuant to Section 108, Section 110 and other

applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies

Act, 2013 (“the Act”) read with Rule 20 and 22 of

the Companies (Management and Administration)

Rules, 2014, read with Circulars issued by Ministry

of Corporate Affairs, read with Regulation 44

of the Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015, Ordinary and Special Resolutions

were passed by the Members of the Company through

Postal Ballot by remote e-voting process.

6.

MEANS OF COMMUNICATION:

The Company, from time to time and as may be

required, disseminates information to its security-

holders and investors through multiple channels of

communications such as the website of the Stock

Exchanges, Company website, Press Releases, the

Annual Reports.

The Company discloses to the Stock Exchanges, all

information required to be disclosed under Regulation

30 read with Part ‘A’ and Part ‘B’ of Schedule III of

the Listing Regulations including material information

having a bearing on the performance/operations of the

Company and other price sensitive information.

The financial results for the quarter / half-year / year

would generally be published as under:

Quarter / half-year / year

In the month of

Quarter ending June 30 2022

On or before August 14, 2022

Quarter / half-year ending

September 30, 2022

On or before November 14,

2022

Quarter ending December 31

2022

On or before February 14,

2023

Year ending March 31 2023

On or before May 30, 2023

Quarterly/half-yearly/annual results, notices and

information relating to General Meetings, etc. are

published in leading newspapers (viz., Business

Standard in English - All Editions and Kannada

Prabha in Kannada – Bengaluru Edition) and are

notified to the Stock Exchanges as required under the

Listing Regulations.

The presentations on the performance of the Company

are placed on the Company’s website for the benefit

of the institutional investors, analysts and other

shareholders immediately after the conclusion of

investors call for the financial results. The Company

also conducts, calls/meetings with investors

immediately after declaration of financial results to

brief on the performance of the Company. These

calls are attended by the: Managing

Managing Director or the Chief

Executive Officer (CEO):

The posts of the Chairman and the: Managing

Managing Director of the

Company regarding compliance with the Code of

Conduct for Directors and Senior Management is

given below:

This is to confirm that:

The Company has obtained from the Directors and

Senior Management personnel affirmation that they

have complied with the Code of Conduct for Directors

and Senior Management of the Company for and in

respect of the financial year ended March 31, 2022.

Place: Bengaluru

Soumitra Bhattacharya

Date :19.05.2022: Managing

Managing Director

4.

Mr. Bhaskar Bhat

00148778

Non-Executive – Independent Director

5.

Mrs. Hema Ravichandar

00032929

Non-Executive – Independent Director

6.

Mr. Sakalespur Visweswaraiya Ranganath

00323799

Non-Executive – Independent Director

7.

Mr. Gopichand Katragadda

02475721

Non-Executive – Independent Director

8.

Mr. Soumitra Bhattacharya

02783243

Executive Director,: Managing

Managing Director

(Firm Registration No. 117366W/W-100018)

Guruprasad Mudlapur

(DIN: 07598798)

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

(Firm Registration No. 117366W/W-100018)

Guruprasad Mudlapur

(DIN: 07598798)

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

(Firm Registration No. 117366W/W-100018)

Guruprasad Mudlapur

(DIN: 07598798)

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Guruprasad Mudlapur

(DIN: 07598798)

Joint: Managing

letter of financial support from

its Holding Company. Nothing has come to our attention,

which causes us to believe that the Company is not

capable of meeting its liabilities, existing at the date of

balance sheet, as and when they fall due within a period

of one year from the balance sheet date.

We, further state that this is not an assurance as to the

future viability of the Company and our reporting is based

on the facts up to the date of the audit report and we

neither give any guarantee nor any assurance that all

liabilities falling due within a period of one year from the

balance sheet date, will get discharged by the Company

as and when they fall due.

In respect of the following company included in the consolidated financial statements of the Company, whose audit

under Section 143 of the Act has not yet been completed, the CARO report as applicable in respect of this entity is not

available as on the date of this audit report:

S

No.

Name of the Company

CIN

Nature of

relationship

1

Newtech Filter India Private Limited

U00291HP2006PTC001074

Associate

For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP

Chartered Accountants

(Firm’s Registration No. 117366W/W-100018)

Monisha Parikh

Partner

Bengaluru, May 19, 2022

(Membership No. 47840)

MP/MS/AN/March 2022

UDIN: 22047840AJFLAC7709

242

Annual Report 2021-22

Bosch Limited

243

COMPANY OVERVIEW

BUSINESS OVERVIEW

ESG

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

(Firm Registration No. 117366W/W-100018)

Guruprasad Mudlapur

(DIN: 07598798)

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

(Firm Registration No. 117366W/W-100018)

Guruprasad Mudlapur

(DIN: 07598798)

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

(Firm Registration No. 117366W/W-100018)

Guruprasad Mudlapur

(DIN: 07598798)

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Guruprasad Mudlapur

(DIN: 07598798)

Joint: Managing

