Dear Shareholders,

I hope you and all your loved ones

are keeping well and staying safe.

The year under review has been about change, resilience,

about resetting priorities and the drive towards the

achievement of our dreams. This is true not just for Hero

MotoCorp; this is also the story for most of humankind

since the Coronavirus pandemic manifested itself in 2020.

Navigating a difficult environment and the unforeseeable

circumstances during the more intense second wave of

the pandemic, Hero MotoCorp proved its resilience with

prudent leadership and the tremendous hard work of our

colleagues through FY 2021-22.

As I sit down to write my annual message, a lot is going

through my mind. The foremost being – is there a global

debt crisis looming on the horizon? The global markets

seem to be in a free fall. Asian markets have lost upwards

of $2 trillion in the past four months, primarily as a

consequence of rolling lockdowns in various parts of the

world. The Indian rupee has hit an all-time low against the

US dollar. With no sign of an early end to the war in Ukraine,

it is quite likely that the conflict will tip the already fragile

global economy into a slump.

While Hero MotoCorp also faced multiple headwinds

during this trying year, the Company maintained its global

leadership position. With the customer’s needs at the centre

of our mission, Hero MotoCorp continued to offer the best

products and services. In line with the Company’s Mission

Statement to ‘Create, Collaborate and Inspire’, we are leading

the world into a sustainable future! The best ideas often

come to fruition when different partners collaborate and

work together. Collaboration is what defines Brand Hero. As

the Japanese author, Ryunosuke Satoro wrote, “Individually,

we are one drop. Together, we are an ocean.”

Adapting to the constantly changing conditions,

transforming our methods as well as processes and

working together relentlessly have resulted in our success

and continuous growth during this period. This hard work

and tenacity has enabled Hero MotoCorp to continue to

retain its coveted position as the world’s no. 1 two-wheeler

company for more than two decades.

Hero MotoCorp is not only a proud contributor to India’s

great economy, but also the harbinger of the nation’s

ingenuity and manufacturing prowess and a major

contributor towards its position in the global economic

and geopolitical space. During the past decade of our

Corporate journey, we have expanded our global footprint

to 40+ countries; doubled our manufacturing base to eight

plants, including one each in Colombia and Bangladesh;

scaled up our in-house research and development

capabilities with a world-class R&D ecosystem in India and

Germany and, above all, we have built an organisation on

the pillars of diversity and inclusion (D&I). With women

workers comprising almost 10% of our workforce and

associates from over a dozen countries around the world,

we are spearheading the industry in inculcating D&I in the

organisational culture.

An Electrifying Future

Mobility is undergoing one of the most transformational

shifts of the century, with far-reaching implications such as

shifting consumer demands, ownership, and breakthrough

technologies. With a move towards electric drive-trains

and Government regulation, mobility of the next decade

will look dramatically different than it does today.

We believe that this transformational shift will be

marked by rapid strides in intelligent mobility that will

be governed by big data, machine learning and artificial

intelligence (AI). The vehicles of tomorrow will not

just take you from Point A to Point B in a sustainable

manner; they will also be smart, intuitive and intelligent.

Hero MotoCorp will be right at the forefront of this

transformation, fully in keeping with our Vision – Be the

Future of Mobility.

This year will see Hero MotoCorp claim its position in

the exciting clean mobility space in a bold avatar. Hero

MotoCorp will transform its leadership in the internal

combustion engine (ICE) market into the electric vehicle

space – globally!

In keeping with our vision to lead the migration to this

new future of mobility, we have unveiled Vida - Powered

by Hero – as our new brand identity

for emerging mobility solutions.

Through Vida, which means ‘life’,

we will not only revolutionise the

electric mobility space, but will

also ensure a cleaner, greener and better future for

generations to come.

At Hero MotoCorp, we continue to leverage our

partnerships to strengthen our capabilities. With our

partnership with Gogoro Inc. of Taiwan, we will bring

the largest battery-swapping network to India. We are

also in discussions with Bharat Petroleum Corporation

Limited to set up battery charging infrastructure for EVs

across the country. With the investment in Ather Energy,

starting from 2016, Hero MotoCorp is also accelerating

its electric journey and bringing sustainable mobility

solutions that deliver value to our stakeholders.

Riding into New Markets

In keeping with our strategy of strengthening our

core business and amid the transformation of the

automotive industry, we aim to capitalise on all the

opportunities presented by the global automotive

and emerging markets.

Hero MotoCorp’s new strategy for its Global Business

(GB), called ‘R4’ which was launched in 2021, has been

transformative and has delivered great results. The R4

mission was to Recalibrate, Revitalise, Revolutionise

and Revive our Global Business. This programme has

been a strong success and our Global Business delivered

300,624 two-wheelers in 43 markets during the year

under review. This was a remarkable growth of 57%

compared to total units sold in the previous year.

11

Hero MotoCorp Ltd. | Annual Report 2021-22:

Managing Director.

Ms. Vasudha Dinodia has been an astute marketing strategist

who has scaled Choko La to be a globally recognised,

premier chocolate brand with its presence across the US,

Europe and Asia. The brand has several Premium Chocolate

Boutiques and has partnered with global Duty-Free operators

across 13 international airports, including Singapore, Macau,

Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore, Chennai, Kolkata, Hyderabad,

Ahmedabad, Goa, Jaipur and Raipur, and new outlets are

coming up in Hong Kong, Berlin, Dubai, Melbourne and

Philippines airports in the next fiscal.

In the next five years, the brand plans to expand it's boutiques

to London, Paris, New York, Dubai, Sydney and Tokyo.

A trendsetting chocolatier and an astute businesswoman,

Ms. Dinodia has grown the brand and diversified it to create a

Choko la Constellation that is unique in its approach towards

customer satisfaction. The brand offers a wide array of

products and services ranging from customised gifting to

cafes and boutiques.

20:

Letter of Appreciation from the Office of the Medical Director, Lok Nayak Jai Prakash Narayan Hospital, Delhi,

for support in establishing a 50-bed dedicated COVID-19 ward

•: Letter of Appreciation from Janakpuri Super Speciality Hospital, Delhi for support in establishing a 50-bed

dedicated COVID-19 ward, including 20 ICU beds

•

Certificate of Appreciation from Republic Day CSR Awards for COVID-19 relief initiatives in Haryana

•

Commended by the Economic Times as ‘Best Workplace for Women 2021’

•

Mahatma Award for CSR Excellence

•

‘CSR Shining Star Award’ from the Governor of Maharashtra

OPERATIONS

•

Haryana Skill Development Mission felicitated Dharuhera plant in the state skills competition, 2021

•

Certificate of Appreciation to Dharuhera plant's Gurukul for Best Placement from Automotive Skills

Development Council of India

•

Won 3 GOLD awards in 9th CII National Competition of Gurugram plant

•

Recertification of Energy Management System ISO-50001:2018, ISO 9001:2015, ISO 14001:2015 and ISO

45001:2018 to Gurugram and Haridwar plants

•

CII National Award for Excellence in Energy Management to Haridwar plant

•

Haridwar plant certified for Food Safety Management System Certification (ISO 22000:2018) and also become

the ‘First Plant in HMCL’ to be certified for FSMS

•

CII national safety practices competition 'Gold Award' bestowed on Neemrana plant

•

Neemrana plant team emerged as Winner in Zero defect with Zero effect competition conducted by CII

•

Certification for Productivity Improvement through TPS in VSME programme conducted by CII to

Neemrana plant

•

State Safety Award 2021 by Government of Rajasthan for Parts business, Neemrana

•

Silver Medal in CII National Competition on Low-Cost Automation (LCA) to Halol plant

•

IMS recertification: ISO 9001:2015, ISO 14001:2015 and ISO 45001:2018 to Halol plant

The Times of India

and Ask Insights

organisational award

for 'Disability

Employment'

2022

Economic Times recognition for

'Best Workplaces for Women 2021'

National Award (Gold)

for contribution to Innovative

Teaching Pedagogy in Higher

Education in Institution/

Industry Category by

Sri Vishwa Karma

Skill University.

53

Hero MotoCorp Ltd. | Annual Report 2021-22

Letter, etc., authorising

their representative to attend the AGM through

VC/OAVM on their behalf and to vote through remote

e-voting or during the AGM. The said Resolution/

Authorisation shall be sent to the Scrutinizer by email

through its registered email address to contact@

cssanjaygrover.in with a copy marked to evoting@

nsdl.co.in. Corporate/Institutional shareholders (i.e.

other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload

their Board Resolution/Power of Attorney/Authority: Letter etc. by clicking on “Upload Board Resolution/

Authority Letter” displayed under “e-Voting” tab in

their login.

3

Hero MotoCorp Ltd. | Notice

letter which shall contain shareholder’s name, folio

number, bank details (viz. Bank account number, Bank

and Branch Name, address, IFSC, MICR details) (ii) a

self-attested copy of the PAN card and (iii) cancelled

cheque leaf to the Company’s RTA.

e)

For the shareholders who have not updated their

bank account details, the Company will send the

dividend warrants at address registered in the

Company’s record.

f)

Shareholders may note that the Income Tax Act,

1961 (Act), as amended by the Finance Act, 2020,

mandates that dividends paid or distributed by

a Company after April 1, 2020, shall be taxable

in the hands of the shareholders. The Company

shall therefore be required to deduct Tax at Source

(TDS) at the time of making payment of the final

dividend, if approved at AGM. In order to enable the

Company to determine the appropriate TDS rate,

as applicable, shareholders are requested to submit

their documents in accordance with the provisions of

the Act. The Company will also send an email to all

the shareholders at their registered email Ids in this

regard. Members are requested to write to the RTA at

einward.ris@kfintech.com for any queries/questions

in this regard.

14. Cut-off Date

The Company has fixed Tuesday, August 2, 2022 as the

Cut-off Date for remote e-voting. The remote e-voting/

voting rights of the shareholders/beneficial owners shall

be reckoned on the equity shares held by them as at

close of business hours on the Cut-off Date i.e. Tuesday,

August 2, 2022 only. A person who is not a Member as on

the Cut-off Date should treat this Notice for information

purposes only.

15. Remote e-voting

Pursuant to Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013, Rule

20 of the Companies (Management and Administration)

Rules, 2014 and Regulation 44 of the SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015, the Company is pleased to provide the facility of

voting by electronic means viz. ‘remote e-voting’ (e-voting

from a place other than venue of the AGM) through NSDL,

for all Members of the Company to enable them to cast

their votes electronically, on the resolutions mentioned in

the Notice of 39th AGM of the Company.

The remote e-voting period begins on Friday, August 5,

2022 at 9:00 a.m. (IST) and ends on Monday, August 8,

2022 at 5:00 p.m. (IST). During this period, Members of

the Company, holding shares either in physical form or in

dematerialized form as on the Cut-off Date i.e. Tuesday,

August 2, 2022 may cast their votes electronically. The

remote e-voting module shall be disabled after 05:00 p.m.

(IST) on Monday, August 8, 2022.

5

Hero MotoCorp Ltd. | Notice:

