letter to the Scrutiniser at e-mail ID sbhagwatcs@yahoo.

co.in with a copy marked to evoting@kfintech.com and to

the Company at investors@mahindra.com, authorising its

representative(s) to attend through VC/OAVM and vote

on their behalf at the Meeting, pursuant to section 113 of

the Act.

5.

Members of the Company under the category of

Institutional Shareholders are encouraged to attend and

participate in the AGM through VC/OAVM and vote.

6.

In accordance with the Secretarial Standard - 2 on General

Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries

of India (“ICSI”) read with Clarification/ Guidance on

applicability of Secretarial Standards - 1 and 2 dated 15th

April, 2020 issued by the ICSI, the proceedings of the AGM

shall be deemed to be conducted at the Registered Office

of the Company which shall be the deemed venue of the

AGM. Since the AGM will be held through VC/OAVM, the

Route Map is not annexed to this Notice.

7.

The Explanatory Statement as required under section 102

of the Act is annexed hereto. Further, additional

information with respect to Item Nos. 4 to 6 is also

annexed hereto.

The Board of Directors has considered and decided to

include the Item Nos. 7 to 10 given above as Special

Business in the forthcoming AGM, as they are unavoidable

in nature.

8.

The Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel

and their shareholding maintained under section 170 of

the Act and Register of Contracts or arrangements in

which directors are interested maintained under section

189 of the Act and relevant documents referred to in

this Notice of AGM and explanatory statement, will be

available electronically for inspection by the Members

during the AGM. All documents referred to in the Notice

will also be available for electronic inspection without

any fee by the Members from the date of circulation of

this Notice up to the date of AGM, i.e. 5th August, 2022.

Members seeking to inspect such documents can send an

email to agm.inspection@mahindra.com.

9.

The Company’s Registrar and Transfer Agent for its Share

Registry Work (Physical and Electronic) is KFin having their

office at Selenium, Tower-B, Plot No. 31 & 32, Gachibowli,

Financial District, Nanakramguda, Hyderabad, Telangana

– 500032.

10. BOOK CLOSURE: The Register of Members and Transfer

Books of the Company will be closed from Saturday, 16th

July, 2022 to Friday, 5th August, 2022 (both days inclusive)

for the purpose of Dividend and AGM.

11. DIVIDEND: The dividend, as recommended by the Board of

Directors, if approved at the AGM, would be paid subject

to deduction of tax at source, as may be applicable, after

5th August, 2022, to those persons or their mandates:

(a) whose names appear as Beneficial Owners as at the

end of the business hours on Friday, 15th July, 2022

in the list of Beneficial Owners to be furnished by

National Securities Depository Limited and Central

Depository Services (India) Limited in respect of the

shares held in electronic form; and

(b) whose names appear as Members in the Register

of Members of the Company as at the end of the

business hours on Friday, 15th July, 2022 after giving

effect to valid request(s) received for transmission/

transposition of shares.

12. ELECTRONIC CREDIT OF DIVIDEND: SEBI has made it

mandatory for all companies to use the bank account

details furnished by the Depositories and the bank

account details maintained by the Registrar and Transfer

Agent for payment of dividend to Members electronically.

The Company has extended the facility of electronic credit

of dividend directly to the respective bank accounts of

the Member(s) through the Electronic Clearing Service

(ECS)/ National Electronic Clearing Service (NECS)/

National Electronic Fund Transfer (NEFT)/Real Time Gross

Settlement (RTGS)/Direct Credit, etc.

As directed by SEBI, the Members holding shares in

physical form are requested to submit particulars of

their bank account in Form ISR 1 alongwith the original

cancelled cheque bearing the name of the Member to

KFin / Company to update their bank account details.

Members holding shares in demat form are requested to

update their bank account details with their respective

Depository Participant ("DP"). The Company or KFin

cannot act on any request received directly from the

Members holding shares in demat form for any change of

bank particulars. Such changes are to be intimated only

to the Depository Participants of the Members. Further,

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Letter etc., duly authorising

their

authorised

representative(s)

to

attend the AGM through VC/OAVM on

its behalf and to vote through remote

e-voting to the Scrutiniser at his e-mail ID

sbhagwatcs@yahoo.co.in

with

a

copy

marked to evoting@kfintech.com and to

the Company at investors@mahindra.com. It

should reach the Scrutiniser & the Company

by email not later than Thursday, 4th August,

2022 (5:00 p.m. IST). In case if the authorised

representative attends the Meeting, the

above mentioned documents shall be

submitted

before

the

commencement

of AGM.

b.

In case e-mail ID of a Member is not registered

with the Company/ Depository Participant(s),

then such Member is requested to register/

update

their

e-mail

addresses

with

the

Depository Participant (in case of Shares held

in dematerialised form) and inform KFin at

the email ID evoting@kfintech.com (in case of

Shares held in physical form):

(i)

Upon registration, Member will receive an

e-mail from KFin which includes details of

E-Voting Event Number (EVEN), USER ID

and password.

(ii) Please follow all steps from Note No. 24 (B)

(a) (i) to (xii) above to cast your vote by

electronic means.

25. OTHER INSTRUCTIONS:

a.

In case of any query and/or grievance, in respect

of voting by electronic means, Members may refer

to the Help & Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)

and E-voting user manual available at the download

Section of https://evoting.kfintech.com or contact

at investors@mahindra.com, or Ms. Sheetal Doba,

Manager - Corporate Registry, KFin at KFintech,

Selenium, Tower B, Plot No. 31-32, Gachibowli,

Financial

District,

Nanakramguda,

Hyderabad,

Telangana

–

500

032

or

at

the

email

ID

evoting@kfintech.com or on phone No.: 040-6716

1509 or call KFin’s toll free No.: 1800-3094-001 for

any further clarifications.

b.

You can also update your mobile number and e-mail

ID in the user profile details of the folio which may

be used for sending future communication(s).

c.

The remote e-voting period commences on Monday,

1st August, 2022 (9:00 a.m. IST) and ends on

Thursday, 4th August, 2022 (5:00 p.m. IST). During

this period, Members of the Company, holding

shares either in physical form or in dematerialised

form, as on the cut-off date Friday, 29th July, 2022

may cast their votes electronically. The remote

e-voting module shall be disabled for voting

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer of the Company, is liable to retire

by rotation and being eligible, has offered himself for

re-appointment. Dr. Anish Shah was first appointed on

the Board on 1st April, 2020 as a Whole-time Director of

the Company designated as Deputy: Managing Director

and Group Chief Financial Officer till 1st April, 2021 and as

the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the

Company with effect from 2nd April, 2021 to 31st March,

2025.

Brief resume of Dr. Shah, nature of his expertise in specific

functional areas, disclosure of relationships between

directors inter-se, name of listed entities and other

companies in which he holds directorships and memberships/

chairmanships of Board Committees, shareholding in

the Company, the number of Meetings of the Board

attended during the year, as stipulated under SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015

and Secretarial Standard on General Meetings issued by the

Institute of Company Secretaries of India are stated herein,

and are also provided in the Corporate Governance Report

forming part of the Annual Report.

Profile:

Dr. Shah has completed 52 years of age. Dr. Shah holds a Ph.D.

from Carnegie Mellon’s Tepper School of Business where his

doctoral thesis was in the field of Corporate Governance.

He also received a Masters Degree from Carnegie Mellon

and has a Post-Graduate Diploma in Management from the

Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad. Dr. Shah has

received various scholarships, including the William Latimer

Mellon Scholarship, Industry Scholarship at IIMA, National

Talent Search and Sir Dorabji Tata Trust.

Dr. Anish Shah joined the Mahindra Group in 2014 as

Group President (Strategy) and worked closely with all

businesses on key strategic initiatives, built capabilities

such as digitization & data sciences and enabled synergies

across group companies. With effect from 1st April, 2020, he

was appointed Deputy Managing Director and Group CFO,

with responsibility for the Group Corporate Office and full

oversight of all businesses other than the Auto and Farm

sectors, as a part of the transition plan to the CEO role. He

is the Managing Director and CEO of the Company effective

2nd April, 2021.

Dr. Shah was President and CEO of GE Capital India from

2009-14, where he led the transformation of the business,

including a turnaround of its SBI Card joint venture. His

career at GE spanned 14 years, during which he held

several leadership positions at GE Capital’s US and global

units. As Director, Global Mortgage, Dr. Shah worked across

33 countries to drive growth and manage risk. As Senior

Vice President (Marketing and Product Development) at

GE Mortgage Insurance, he led various growth initiatives

and played a key role in preparing the business for an IPO,

as a spinoff from GE. In his initial years with GE, Dr. Shah also

led Strategy, eCommerce and Sales Force Effectiveness and

had the unique experience of running a dot-com business

within GE. Dr. Shah also received GE’s prestigious Lewis

Latimer Award for outstanding utilisation of Six Sigma in

developing a “Digital Cockpit”.

Dr. Shah also has diverse experience with global businesses

beyond GE. Dr. Shah led Bank of America’s US Debit

Products business, where he launched an innovative rewards

program, led numerous initiatives in payment technology

and worked closely with various teams across the Bank to

enhance value for the customer. As a strategy consultant at

Bain & Company in Boston, Dr. Shah worked across multiple

industries, including Banking, Oil Rigs, Paper, Paint, Steam

Boilers and Medical Equipment. His first role was with

Citibank in Mumbai, where he issued Bank Guarantees and

Letters of Credit as Assistant Manager, Trade Services.

Directorships and Committee positions:

Dr. Anish Shah is the Managing Director and Chief Executive

Officer of Mahindra & Mahindra Limited,

Managing Director

of Mahindra Renault in India. In 2008, he became Chief of

Operations of the Automotive Sector and when Automotive

& Farm Equipment Sector (AFS) was formed in 2010, he was

appointed Chief Executive for the Automotive Division and

Member of the Group Executive Board.

In 2013, Mr. Jejurikar joined the Farm Equipment Sector

as Chief Executive – Tractor & Farm Mechanization and

became the Sector President in 2015.

Mr. Jejurikar serves on the Governing Council of S P Jain

Institute of Management and Research and is a Member

of the Executive Committee of the Society of Indian

Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM). He has served as the

President of the Tractor Manufacturers Association (TMA)

in India and has represented TMA as its President on the CII

(The Confederation of Indian Industry) National Council in

2016, 2017. He has also been a Member of the CII National

Council on Agriculture. As a Member of the CII National

Committee on IT/ITeS, he Co-chaired the Working Group

for Agriculture.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director of the Company in

1991 at a time when the turnover was US$ 177 million. He

initiated a comprehensive change programme to make the

Company an efficient and aggressive competitor in the new

liberalised economic environment in India.

In April 1997, he was appointed as: Managing Director of

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited and in January 2001 given the

additional responsibility of Vice

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer and Group

Chief Financial Officer of the Company confirming that the

Related Party Transactions are in the ordinary course of

business of the Company and on arm’s length basis is also

placed before the Audit Committee.

The Related Party Transactions placed for Members’ approval

shall also be reviewed/ monitored on quarterly basis by the

Audit Committee of the Company as per Regulation 23 of

the Listing Regulations and Section 177 of the Companies

Act, 2013 and shall remain within the proposed amount(s)

being placed before the Members.

Any subsequent material modifications in the proposed

transactions, as defined by the Audit Committee as a part

of the Company’s Policy on Materiality of and Dealing

with Related Party Transactions, shall be placed before the

Members for approval, in terms of Regulation 23(4) of the

Listing Regulations.

As per the amended Listing Regulations effective from

1st January, 2022, all the Related Party Transactions shall be

approved only by those members of the audit committee,

who are independent directors. Since, the Company’s Audit

Committee comprises only of Independent Directors, the

amendment to the Listing Regulations, requiring approval of

related party transactions only by those members of the Audit

Committee who are Independent Directors of the Company,

was already institutionalised by the Company much before

such amendment was made effective on 1st January, 2022.

The Related Party Transactions placed for Members’ approval

are specific in nature and have been approved by the Audit

Committee and Board of Directors of the Company.

The Company will seek separate approval on an Annual

Basis from the shareholders, in future, in case any omnibus

approvals are needed for Material Related Party Transactions.

None of the promoters/ promoter group entities are interested,

directly or indirectly, in any of the proposed transactions. The

proposed transactions shall not, in any manner, be detrimental

to the interest of minority shareholders and are in the best

interest of the Company and its Members.

The Members may please note that in terms of provisions

of the Listing Regulations, none of the related party(ies)

(whether such related party(ies) are a party to the proposed

transactions or not), shall vote to approve the Ordinary

Resolutions at Item Nos. 9 and 10 of the Notice.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and CEO

•

Dr. Anish Shah – Non-Executive Director

•

Mr. Haigreve Khaitan – Independent Director

•

Ms. Shikha Sharma – Independent Director

•

Mr. T.N. Manoharan – Independent Director

•

Mr. Manoj Bhat – Non-Executive Director

6.

Mahindra CIE Automotive Limited

–

Item No. 10

1.

Mahindra USA Inc.

Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar – Chairman and Non-Executive Director

2.

Mahindra Finance USA LLC

–

None of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and their relatives are concerned or interested,

financially or otherwise, in the resolution(s) set out at Item Nos. 9 and 10 of the Notice.

The Board of Directors of the Company recommends the Material Related Party Transactions of the Company as set out in

Item Nos. 9 and 10 of the Notice for approval of the members by way of Ordinary Resolutions.

By Order of the Board

NARAYAN SHANKAR

Company Secretary

Registered Office:

Gateway Building, Apollo Bunder,

Mumbai – 400 001.

CIN

:

L65990MH1945PLC004558

e-mail

:

investors@mahindra.com

Website :

https://www.mahindra.com

Tel.

:

+91 22 22895500

Mumbai, 28th May, 2022

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter, but also in spirit. We have

maintained the highest standards of

governance to help us achieve strong,

balanced, and sustainable growth for all

our stakeholders. Our experienced,

independent, and diversified Board of

Directors, supported by robust risk

management and compliance processes,

play a key part in ensuring the highest

standards of governance in all our

activities.

For more information about our governance

practices, please refer to page no. 139 of this

report.

We aspire to

'lead ESG

globally'.

COMPANY

OVERVIEW

REIGNITED

VALUE CREATION

OUTPERFORM

FINANCIALLY

FUTURE-READY

ESG LEADERSHIP

GLOBALLY

INPUT-OUTPUT

MODEL

CORPORATE

INFORMATION

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar

Executive Director

(Automotive & Farm Sectors)

Mr. CP Gurnani

Non-Executive

Non-Independent Director

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Ofﬁcer

Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar

Executive Director -

(Automotive & Farm Sectors)

Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta

Lead Independent Director

Dr. Vishakha N. Desai

Independent Director

Mr. T. N. Manoharan

Independent Director

Mr. Haigreve Khaitan

Independent Director

Ms. Shikha Sharma

Independent Director

Ms. Nisaba Godrej

Independent Director

Mr. Muthiah Murugappan

Independent Director

Mr. Vijay Kumar Sharma

(Nominee of Life Insurance

Corporation of India)

Mr. CP Gurnani

Non-Executive

Non-Independent Director

Mr. Anand G. Mahindra - Chairman

Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta

Mr. T. N. Manoharan

Ms. Shikha Sharma

Mr. Vijay Kumar Sharma

Strategic Investment

Committee

Mr. T. N. Manoharan - Chairman

Dr. Anish Shah

Ms. Shikha Sharma

Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar

Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta

Mr. Haigreve Khaitan

Risk Management

Committee

Axis Bank Limited

Bank of America N.A.

Bank of Baroda

Bank of India

Canara Bank

Central Bank of India

HDFC Bank Limited

Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited

Standard Chartered Bank

State Bank of India

Union Bank of India

Bankers

B S R & Co. LLP

th

14 Floor, Central B Wing and

North C Wing, Nesco IT Park 4,

Nesco Cente ,r

Western Express Highway,

Goregaon (East),

Mumbai - 400063, India.

Auditors

Khaitan & Co.,

One World Centre,

th

13 Floor, Tower 1,

841, Senapati Bapat Marg,

Mumbai - 400013, India.

Advocates

Gateway Building,

Apollo Bunder,

Mumbai - 400001, India.

Registered OfGce

46

COMPANY

OVERVIEW

REIGNITED

VALUE CREATION

OUTPERFORM

FINANCIALLY

FUTURE-READY

ESG LEADERSHIP

GLOBALLY

INPUT-OUTPUT

MODEL

CORPORATE

INFORMATION

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

Key Managerial

Personnel

Mr. Manoj Bhat

President & Group Chief

Financial Ofﬁcer

Mr. Narayan Shankar

Company Secretary

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Dear Shareholders

Your Directors present their Report together with the

audited financial statements of your Company for the

year ended 31st March, 2022.

A.

FINANCIAL AND OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS

(Rs. in crores)

Particulars

2022

2021

Revenue from Operations ..............................

57,446

44,630

Other Income ..................................................

2,076

1,199

Profit before Depreciation, Finance Costs,

Exceptional items and Taxation .....................

9,118

8,157

Less: Depreciation,

Amortisation

and

Impairment Expenses ............................

2,451

2,370

Profit before Finance Costs, Exceptional

items and Taxation .........................................

6,667

5,787

Less: Finance Costs ..........................................

223

396

Profit before Exceptional items and Taxation ...

6,444

5,391

Add: Exceptional items ...................................

(209)

(3,087)

Profit before Taxation ....................................

6,235

2,304

Less: Tax Expense ............................................

1,300

1,320

Profit for the year ...........................................

4,935

984

Balance of profit for earlier years .................

29,464

29,102

Less: Transfer to Retained Earnings ..............

—

(20)

Profits available for appropriation ................

34,399

30,106

Add: Due to Scheme of Arrangement ..........

—

(294)

Add: Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss)* ..

102

(56)

Less: Dividend paid on Equity Shares............

1,088

292

Balance carried forward .................................

33,413

29,464

* Remeasurement of (loss)/gain (net) on defined benefit plans,

recognised as part of retained earnings.

The Financial Year 2022 will go down in India’s economic

history as an unprecedented one with huge gyrations

in fortune. The second wave of the pandemic hit lives

hard and was way more vicious than the first one. Yet,

it was not about Covid in spite of the second wave, it

was more about hope and recovery as India successfully

navigated its course through turbulent waters. As the

wave receded, there was a dramatic surge in the pace

of vaccination and India was able to vaccinate most of

its eligible population rapidly. Concomitantly, there was

Board’s Report

a rebound in growth as evidenced from high frequency

indicators. However, the enthusiasm was disrupted

by the third wave of the pandemic which fortunately

proved to be less vicious and short lived.

The Union Budget doubled down on the investment-

oriented strategy focussing on capital expenditure to

kickstart a “virtuous cycle of investment” while crowding

in private investments. However, by the end of February,

global risk-off sentiments gathered steam and geopolitical

risks came to the fore from the war in Ukraine. The return

of uncertainty clouded the global macroeconomic and

financial landscape even as the global economy struggled

to recover from the pandemic.

The Indian economy is estimated to have grown by 8.9%

during the Financial Year 2022 aided by a favourable

base but the economic recovery across the Sectors was

uneven. Private consumption and fixed investment –

key drivers of domestic demand remained subdued

being only 1.2% and 2.6% respectively, above their

pre-pandemic levels.

The Profit for the year before Depreciation, Finance Costs,

Exceptional items and Taxation recorded an increase of

11.8% at Rs. 9,118 crores as against Rs. 8,157 crores in

the previous year. Profit after tax increased by 401.5%

at Rs. 4,935 crores as against Rs. 984 crores in the

previous year.

Your

Company

continues

with

its

rigorous

cost

restructuring exercises and efficiency improvements

which have resulted in significant savings through

continued focus on cost controls, process efficiencies and

product innovations that exceed customer expectations

in all areas thereby enabling the Company to maintain

profitable growth in the current economic scenario.

Details of Material Changes from the end of the Financial

Year till the date of this Report

No material changes and commitments have occurred

after the closure of the Financial Year 2021-22 till the date

of this Report, which would affect the financial position

of your Company.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO, Executive Director-Automotive

& Farm Sectors and Group CFO, spent significant time

to interact with investors to communicate the strategic

direction of the business, capital allocation policy and the

way the Company was handling COVID-19 crisis. All the

four quarterly earnings calls conducted during the year

were also well attended by investors and analysts.

During the year, your Company interacted with more than

600 Indian and overseas investors and analysts (excluding

quarterly earnings calls and specific event related calls).

Your Company ensures that critical information about the

Company is available to all the investors by uploading all

such information on the Company’s website.

Your Company also engages with investors on Environment,

Social and Corporate Governance (ESG), which has received

excellent feedback from investors and ESG analysts.

Dividend

As per the Dividend Distribution Policy, dividend payout

would have to be determined based on available financial

resources, investment requirements and taking into account

optimal shareholder return. Within these parameters, the

Company would endeavour to maintain a total dividend

pay-out ratio in the range of 20% to 35% of the annual

standalone Profits after Tax (PAT) of the Company.

Despite the impact of the pandemic, your Company was

able to deliver a good operational performance during

the period under review.

Your Directors, considering the good performance and

a strong cash flow, decided to recommend a Dividend

of Rs. 11.55 (231%) per Ordinary (Equity) Share of the

face value of Rs. 5 each on the Share Capital out of the

Profits for the financial year ended 31st March, 2022.

The equity dividend outgo for the Financial Year 2021-

22 would absorb a sum of Rs. 1,435.89 crores [as against

Rs. 1,087.79 crores comprising the dividend of Rs. 8.75

per Ordinary (Equity) Share of the face value of Rs. 5

each for the previous year]. Dividend will be payable

subject to approval of members at the ensuing Annual

General Meeting and deduction of tax at source to

those Shareholders whose names appear in the Register

of Members as on the Book Closure Date. The Board of

your Company decided not to transfer any amount to the

General Reserve for the year under review.

Dividend Distribution Policy

The

Dividend

Distribution

Policy

containing

the

requirements mentioned in Regulation 43A of the

SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) is attached as

Annexure I and forms part of this Annual Report.

The Dividend Distribution Policy of the Company is also

uploaded on the Company’s website at the following

Web-link: http://www.mahindra.com/resources/investor-

reports/FY17/Governance/MM-Dividend-Distribution-

Policy-29-9-2016-Final.pdf.

B.

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company,

its subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures prepared

in accordance with the Companies Act, 2013 and

applicable Indian Accounting Standards along with

all relevant documents and the Auditors’ Report form

part of this Annual Report. The Consolidated Financial

Statements presented by the Company include the

financial results of its subsidiary companies, associates

and joint ventures.

The Consolidated Group’s Operating Revenue from

continuing operations is Rs. 90,171 crores in the current

year as compared to Rs. 74,278 crores in the previous year

i.e. an increase of 21.4%.

The consolidated profit before exceptional items and tax

for the year from continuing operations is Rs. 7,092 crores

as against Rs. 5,229 crores in the previous year i.e. an

increase of 35.6%. The consolidated profit after tax

after non-controlling interest and exceptional items for

the year from continuing operations is Rs. 6,577 crores

as against Rs. 3,347 crores in the previous year i.e. an

increase of 96.5%.

The

consolidated

profit

after

tax

after

non-

controlling interest and exceptional items for the

year from continuing and discontinued operations is

Rs. 6,577 crores as against Rs. 1,812 crores in the previous

year i.e. an increase of 263%.

The Financial Statements as stated above are also

available on the website of the Company and can be

accessed at the Web-link: https://www.mahindra.com/

resources/FY22/AnnualReport.zip.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and CEO

(re-designated with effect from 2nd April, 2021)

(b) Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar – Executive Director (Automotive

& Farm Sectors)

(c) Mr. Manoj Bhat – Group Chief Financial Officer

(appointed with effect from 2nd April, 2021)

(d) Mr. Narayan Shankar – Company Secretary

Dr. Pawan Goenka ceased to be the: Managing Director

and CEO as well as the Director of the Company with effect

from 2nd April, 2021. Dr. Anish Shah was re-designated

as Managing Director and CEO of the Company and

ceased to be the Deputy Managing Director and Group

Chief Financial Officer of the Company, with effect from

2nd April, 2021.

Further, Mr. Anand G. Mahindra transitioned to the

role of Non-Executive

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer of the Company with effect from

2nd April, 2021. Dr. Goenka also ceased to be a Member

of the Board of Directors of the Company with effect

from 2nd April, 2021.

In terms of the Succession Planning approved by

the

Governance,

Nomination

and

Remuneration

Committee and Board of your Company, Dr. Anish

Shah took over as the: Managing Director and Chief

Executive Officer of the Company with effect from 2nd

April, 2021.

Mr. Anand G. Mahindra transitioned to the role of

Non-Executive

Managing Director & Chief

Executive Officer and Executive Director (Automotive &

Farm Sectors).

Feedback Mechanism

Feedback was sought by way of a structured questionnaire

covering various aspects of the Board’s functioning such

as adequacy of the composition of the Board and its

Committees, Board Culture, Execution and Performance

of Specific Duties, Obligations and Governance and the

evaluation was carried out based on responses received

from the Directors.

Evaluation of Committees

The

performance

evaluation

of

Committees

was

based on criteria such as structure and composition of

Committees, attendance and participation of member

of the Committees, fulfilment of the functions assigned

to Committees by the Board and applicable regulatory

framework, frequency and adequacy of time allocated

at the Committee Meetings to fulfil duties assigned to

it, adequacy and timeliness of the Agenda and Minutes

circulated, comprehensiveness of the discussions and

constructive functioning of the Committees, effectiveness

of the Committee’s recommendation for the decisions of

the Board, etc.

Evaluation of Directors and Board

A separate exercise was carried out by the Governance,

Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board

to evaluate the performance of Individual Directors.

The performance evaluation of the Non-Independent

Directors and the Board as a whole was carried out by

the Independent Directors. The performance evaluation

of the Chairman of the Board was also carried out

by the Independent Directors, taking into account the

views of the Executive Directors and Non Executive

Directors. The performance evaluation of the Managing

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and Executive Director

The performance evaluation of: Managing Director

and Executive Director was based on various criteria,

inter alia, including leadership style, standards of

integrity, fairness and transparency demonstrated,

identification of strategic targets, anticipation of future

demands and opportunities, resource staffing to meet

short term and long term goals, engagement with Board

and Committee members, updating Board on significant

issues, commitment to organisational values, vision and

mission, adaptation to meet changing circumstances,

knowledge and sensitivity of stakeholders’ needs within

and outside the Company demonstrated and effective

communication skills.

Results of Evaluation

The results of evaluation showed high level of

commitment and engagement of Board, its various

committees and senior leadership. The results of the

evaluation were shared with the Board,

letter of

appointment, which also stipulates various terms and

conditions of their engagement.

Executive Directors and Senior Management provide an

overview of the operations and familiarize the new Non-

Executive Directors on matters related to the Company’s

values and commitments. They are also introduced to the

organization structure, constitution of various committees,

board procedures, risk management strategies, etc.

Strategic Presentations are made to the Board where

Directors get an opportunity to interact with Senior

Management. Directors are also informed of the various

developments in the Company through Press Releases,

emails, etc.

The Company has a web based portal i.e. Board portal,

accessible to all the Directors which, inter alia, contains

the following information:

•

Roles, responsibilities and liabilities of Independent

Directors under the Companies Act, 2013 and the

Listing Regulations

•

Board Minutes, Agenda and Presentations

•

Annual Reports

•

Code of Conduct for Directors

•

Terms and conditions of appointment of Independent

Directors.

Pursuant to Regulation 25(7) of the Listing Regulations, the

Company imparted various familiarization programmes for

its Directors including review of Investments of the Company

by Strategic Investment Committee, Industry Outlook at the

Board Meetings, Regulatory updates at Board and Audit

Committee Meetings covering changes with respect to the

Companies Act, 2013, Listing Regulations, Taxation and other

matters, Presentations on Internal Control over Financial

Reporting, Operational Control over Financial Reporting,

Prevention of Insider Trading Regulations, Framework

for Related Party Transactions, Plant Visit, Meeting with

Senior Executive(s) of your Company, Corporate Social

Responsibility Strategy etc. Pursuant to Regulation 46 and

62(1A) of the Listing Regulations, the details required are

available on the website of your Company at the web link:

https://www.mahindra.com/resources/FY22/AnnualReport.zip.

Directors’ Responsibility Statement

Pursuant to section 134(5) of the Companies Act, 2013,

your Directors, based on the representations received

from the Operating Management, and after due enquiry,

confirm that:

(a) in the preparation of the annual accounts for the

Financial Year ended 31st March, 2022, the applicable

accounting standards have been followed;

(b) they had in consultation with Statutory Auditors,

selected accounting policies and applied them

consistently, and made judgments and estimates that

are reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and

fair view of the state of affairs of the Company as at

31st March, 2022 and of the profit of the Company

for the year ended on that date;

(c) they have taken proper and sufficient care for the

maintenance of adequate accounting records in

accordance with the provisions of the Companies

Act, 2013 for safeguarding the assets of the

Company and for preventing and detecting fraud

and irregularities;

(d) they have prepared the annual accounts on a going

concern basis;

(e) they have laid down adequate Internal Financial

Controls to be followed by the Company and such

Internal Financial Controls were operating effectively

during the Financial Year ended 31st March, 2022;

(f) they had devised proper systems to ensure compliance

with the provisions of all applicable laws and that

such systems were adequate and operating effectively

throughout the Financial Year ended 31st March, 2022.

Board Meetings and Annual General Meeting

A calendar of Meetings is prepared and circulated in

advance to the Directors.

During the year 1st April, 2021 to 31st March, 2022, six

Board Meetings were held on: 29th April, 2021, 28th May,

2021, 6th August, 2021, 9th November, 2021, 10th and

11th February, 2022 and 15th March, 2022. The 75th Annual

General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on

6th August, 2021 through Video Conferencing/Other

Audio Visual Means.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director or the

Executive Director or other Non-Independent Directors

or Chief Financial Officer or any other Management

Personnel.

These Meetings are conducted in an informal and

flexible manner to enable the Independent Directors

to discuss matters pertaining to, inter alia, review

of performance of Non-Independent Directors and

the Board as a whole, review the performance of the

Chairman of the Company (taking into account the views

of the Executive and Non-Executive Directors), assess the

quality, quantity and timeliness of flow of information

between the Company Management and the Board that

is necessary for the Board to effectively and reasonably

perform their duties.

Five Meetings of Independent Directors were held

during the year and these meetings were well attended.

Audit Committee

The

Committee

comprises

of

four

Directors

viz.

Mr. T. N. Manoharan (Chairman of the Committee),

Ms. Shikha Sharma, Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta and

Mr. Haigreve Khaitan. All the Members of the Committee

are Independent Directors and possess strong accounting

and financial management knowledge. The Company

Secretary of the Company is the Secretary of the Committee.

During the year, the scope of Audit Committee was

amended to, inter-alia, align with the provisions of

SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

(Second Amendment) Regulations, 2021, the details

of which are furnished in the Report on Corporate

Governance that forms part of this Annual Report.

All the recommendations of the Audit Committee were

accepted by the Board.

Winding-up of Loans & Investment Committee

of the Company

The Board of Directors of your Company at its

Meeting held on 10th and 11th February, 2022 as part

of simplification process, considered and approved the

winding-up of the Loans & Investment Committee with

effect from 10th February, 2022.

L.

GOVERNANCE

Corporate Governance

Your Company has a rich legacy of ethical governance

practices many of which were implemented by the

Company, even before they were mandated by law. Your

Company is committed to transparency in all its dealings

and places high emphasis on business ethics.

Your Company featured in the ‘Leadership’ category

in the Corporate Governance Scorecard 2021 which is

developed by Institutional Investor Advisory Services

India Limited (‘IiAS’) with support from International

Finance Corporation (‘IFC’) and BSE Limited (‘BSE’).

Further, your Company received the prestigious ‘Golden

Peacock Global Award for Excellence in Corporate

Governance’ for the year 2021.

A Report on Corporate Governance along with a

Certificate from the Statutory Auditors of the Company

regarding compliance with the conditions of Corporate

Governance as stipulated under Schedule V of the Listing

Regulations forms part of this Annual Report.

Code Of Conduct

Your Company’s Code of Conduct (the Code) outlines

the commitment to principles of integrity, transparency

and fairness that employees, suppliers, distributors

and other third parties who work with the Company

must comply. The Code of Conduct enables every

person working for and with the Company to make

the right choices and demonstrate the highest

standards of integrity and ethical behaviour. It is

translated in 4 regional languages and is available on

the Company’s website and can be accessed on the

website in the Governance section at the Web-link:

https://www.mahindra.com/investors/reports-and-filings.

All the policies are accessible through the Rise@Work on

the Company’s intranet as well as on the mobile app

Me-connect.

The Ethics & Governance framework is also anchored

by clearly defined policies and procedures, covering

areas such as Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption (ABAC),

Policy on Gifts & Entertainment, Prevention of Sexual

Harassment at Workplace (POSH) and Whistle Blower

Policy.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO of your

Company participated in the First Movers Coalition

dialogue with US Special Presidential Envoy on Climate

organised by World Economic Forum. He also attended

CEO climate leaders meeting organized by World

Economic Forum on building the net-zero economy and

carbon removals.

The Sustainability performance for your Company for

the Financial Year 2021-22 will be elaborated in detail

in the GRI Report which is under preparation and will

be ready for release shortly.

Your Company was recognized for its leadership position

on the ESG dimensions during the year under review, by

way of the following:

•

Part of DJSI yearbook 2022. Top 15 percentile of an

industry gets featured in the yearbook.

•

Inclusion in CDP Supplier Engagement Leader Board

2021.

•

Part of Power list of top 50 India’s Most Sustainable

Companies 2021-22, by Business World.

Conservation of Energy, Technology Absorption

and Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo

The information pertaining to conservation of energy,

technology absorption, foreign exchange earnings

and outgo as required under section 134(3)(m) of the

Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 8(3) of the Companies

(Accounts) Rules, 2014 is attached as Annexure VII and

forms part of this Report.

N.

SECRETARIAL

Share Capital

During the year under review, the Authorised Share Capital

of the Company was increased from Rs. 4,075 crores divided

into 810,00,00,000 Ordinary (Equity) Shares of Rs. 5 each and

25,00,000 Unclassified shares of Rs. 100 each to Rs. 10,575

crores divided into 1810,00,00,000 Ordinary (Equity) Shares

of Rs. 5 each and 25,00,000 Unclassified shares of Rs. 100

each and 150,00,00,000 Preference Shares of Rs. 10 each

pursuant to the Scheme of Merger by Absorption of

Mahindra Vehicle Manufacturers Limited with the Company

becoming effective from 1st July, 2021.

The Authorised Share Capital of the Company further stands

increased to Rs. 11,681.5 crores divided into 2031,30,00,000

Ordinary (Equity) Shares of Rs. 5 each and 25,00,000

Unclassified shares of Rs. 100 each and 150,00,00,000

Preference Shares of Rs. 10 each pursuant to the Scheme

of Merger by Absorption of Mahindra Engineering and

Chemical Products Limited, Retail Initiative Holdings Limited

and Mahindra Retail Limited with the Company becoming

effective from 29th April, 2022.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director nor the Executive

Director (Automotive & Farm Sectors) received any

remuneration or commission from any of the subsidiaries

of your Company.

Your Directors state that no disclosure or reporting is

required in respect of the following items as there were

no transactions/events on these items during the year

under review:

1. Issue of equity shares with differential rights as to

dividend, voting or otherwise.

2. Issue of Shares (including Sweat Equity Shares) to

employees of the Company under any Scheme save

and except Employees Stock Option Schemes (ESOS)

referred to in this Report.

3. Significant or material orders passed by the

Regulators or Courts or Tribunals which impact the

going concern status and the Company’s operation

in future.

4. Voting rights which are not directly exercised by the

employees in respect of shares for the subscription/

purchase of which loan was given by the Company

(as there is no scheme pursuant to which such

persons can beneficially hold shares as envisaged

under section 67(3)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013).

5. There has been no change in the nature of business

of your Company.

6. The Company has not made any one-time settlement

for loans taken from the Banks or Financial

Institutions, and hence the details of difference

between amount of the valuation done at the time

of one time settlement and the valuation done

while taking loan from the Banks or Financial

Institutions along with the reasons thereof is

not applicable.

7. There was no revision of financial statements and

Board’s Report of the Company during the year

under review.

For and on behalf of the Board

ANAND G. MAHINDRA

Chairman

Mumbai, 28th May, 2022

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter,

debarment, etc.

Observations/

remarks of

the Practicing

Company

Secretary, if any.

NIL

(d) The listed entity has taken the following actions

to comply with the observations made in previous

reports:

Sr.

No.

Observations

of the

Practicing

Company

Secretary in

the previous

reports

Observations

made in the

Secretarial

Compliance

Report for

the year

ended 31st

March…

(The years

are to be

mentioned)

Actions

taken by

the listed

entity, if

any

Comments of

the Practicing

Company

Secretary on the

actions taken by

the listed entity

NOT APPLICABLE

Sachin Bhagwat

ACS: 10189

CP: 6029

Place: Pune

UDIN: A010189D000351411

Date: 20th May, 2022

PR No.: 654/2020

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

and CEO

2.15@@

2.15@@

-78.90%

-78.90%

24.71

3.

Dr. Anish Shah*: Managing Director

and CEO

9.25

11.89

8.70%

26.35%

136.67

4.

Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar

Executive Director,

Automotive & Farm

Sectors

7.19

9.73

26.14%

42.25%

111.84

5.

Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta#

Independent Director

0.57

0.57

5.56%

5.56%

6.55

6.

Dr. Vishakha N. Desai#

Independent Director

0.46

0.67

4.55%

52.27%

7.70

7.

Mr. T. N. Manoharan &#

Independent Director

0.50

0.50

-1.96%

-1.96%

5.75

8.

Mr. Vijay Kumar Sharma

(Nominee of LIC) $#

Nominee Director

0.39

0.39

-2.50%

-2.50%

4.48

9.

Mr. Haigreve Khaitan#

Independent Director

0.53

0.53

3.92%

3.92%

6.09

10.

Ms. Shikha Sharma#

Independent Director

0.49

0.49

-2.00%

-2.00%

5.63

11.

Ms. Nisaba Godrej^ #

Independent Director

0.38

0.38

65.22%

65.22%

4.37

12.

Mr. Muthiah

Murugappan^ #

Independent Director

0.38

0.38

90.00%

90.00%

4.37

13.

Mr. CP Gurnani

Non-Executive

Director

—

—

—

—

—

14.

Mr. Manoj Bhat**

Group Chief Financial

Officer

4.66

4.66

—

—

—

15.

Mr. Narayan Shankar

Company Secretary

1.89

2.58

15.95%

58.28%

—

€

Transitioned to the role of Non-Executive

Managing Director and

Executive Director is decided based on the individual

performance, inflation, prevailing industry trends

and benchmarks.

The

remuneration

of

Non-Executive

Directors

consists of commission and sitting fees. While

deciding the remuneration, various factors such as

Director’s participation in Board and Committee

Meetings during the year, other responsibilities

undertaken, such as Membership or Chairmanship of

Committees, time spent in carrying out other duties,

role and functions as envisaged in Schedule IV of the

Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and

such other factors as the Governance, Nomination

and Remuneration Committee may deem fit etc.

were taken into consideration.

V.

Affirmation that the remuneration is as per the

remuneration policy of the company:

It is hereby affirmed that the remuneration paid is

as per the Policy for Remuneration of the Directors,

Key Managerial Personnel and other Employees.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer as well as the Director of your

Company and the Committee was re-constituted to appoint Dr. Anish Shah as a Member of the Committee

with effect from 2nd April, 2021.

#

Mr. Muthiah Murugappan was inducted as a Member of the Committee with effect from 28th May, 2021.

** Number of meetings of CSR Committee held post induction of Mr. Muthiah Murugappan on the Committee is 4.

3. Provide the web-link where Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by the board

are disclosed on the website of the company.

https://www.mahindra.com/investors/reports-and-filings.

4. Provide the details of Impact assessment of CSR projects carried out in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 8 of the

Companies (Corporate Social responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, if applicable (attach the report).

Your Company has commissioned Devinsights Private Limited and Value Network Ventures Advisory Services Private

Limited to carry out independent 3rd Party Impact Assessment studies for the following five CSR projects completed in F21:

•

Project Nanhi Kali

•

Mahindra Pride

ANNEXURE VI

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and CEO

Chairperson – CSR Committee

Mumbai, 28th May, 2022

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

and Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar, Executive Director (Automotive

and Farm Sectors), are the Whole-time Directors of

your Company. The remaining Non-Executive Directors,

comprising of Seven Independent Directors (including

Three Woman Directors) and two Non-Independent

Directors on the Board are highly experienced, competent

and vastly renowned persons from diverse fields including

manufacturing, finance, economics, law, governance, etc.

During the year under review, Dr. Pawan Goenka

(DIN: 00254502) ceased as the: Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer of the Company consequent to

his term coming to an end on the close of 1st April, 2021

and Dr. Anish Shah (DIN: 02719429), who was Deputy

Managing Director and Group Chief Financial Officer has

taken over as the Managing Director and Chief Executive

Officer of the Company with effect from 2nd April, 2021.

Mr. Anand G. Mahindra has transitioned to the role of

Non-Executive

Managing Director in any listed entity (as specified in Regulation 17A of the Listing Regulations). Further, none of

the Directors on the Board is a Member of more than 10 Committees and Chairperson of more than 5 Committees

(as specified in Regulation 26 of the Listing Regulations), across all the Indian public limited companies in which he/

she is a Director.

The name and categories of Directors, DIN, the number of Directorships, Committee positions held by them in the

companies and the list of Listed Entities where he/she is a Director alongwith the category of their Directorships and

other details are given hereafter.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

Nationality

USA (OCI Card Holder,

Resident of India)

Age

52

Date of Appointment

1st April, 2020

Tenure on Board

2 years

Term Ending Date

31st March, 2025

Shareholding

1,54,935 Shares (0.0125%)

Board Memberships - Indian Listed Companies

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited: Managing Director and Chief

Executive Officer

Tech Mahindra Limited

Non-Executive Non-Independent

Director

Mahindra & Mahindra Financial

Services Limited

Managing Director and Chief

Executive Officer

Other Directorships*

Nil

Committee details as per

Regulation 26 of Listing

Regulations**

Chairperson: Nil

Member: 1

Financial Experience

and Risk Oversight

Area

of Expertise

Business

Experience

Global business/

broad international

exposure/emerging

markets experience

Technology and

Innovation

Governance and

Regulatory

oversight

Sales and

Marketing Exposure

*

Excludes Private Limited Companies, Foreign Companies and Companies Registered under section 8 of the Act and includes Additional Directorship.

**

Committees considered are Audit Committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee, including that of your Company. Committee Membership(s) includes

Chairmanship(s).

Note:

•

The profile of the Directors is available on the website of the Company at: https://www.mahindra.com/investors/board-of-directors.

Mr. Vijay Kumar Sharma

(DIN – 02449088)

Non-Executive Non-Independent Director (Nominee of LIC)

Nationality

Indian

Age

63

Date of Appointment

14th November, 2018

Tenure on Board

3 years and 5 months

Term Ending Date

N.A.

Shareholding

Nil

Board Memberships - Indian Listed Companies

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited

Non-Executive Non-Independent

Director (Nominee of LIC)

Tata Steel Limited

Independent Director

Reliance Power Limited

Independent Director

NURECA Limited

Independent Director

Other Directorships*

2

Committee details as per

Regulation 26 of Listing

Regulations**

Chairperson: 3

Member: 5

Governance and

Regulatory

oversight

Business

Experience

Financial Experience

and Risk Oversight

Sales and Marketing

Exposure

Area

of Expertise

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director or the Executive

Director or other Non-Independent Director(s) or any

other Management Personnel.

These Meetings are conducted in an informal and

flexible manner to enable the Independent Directors

to, inter alia, discuss matters pertaining to review

of

performance

of

Non-Independent

Directors

and the Board of Directors as a whole, review the

performance

of

the

Chairman

of

the

Company

(taking into account the views of other Executive and

Non-Executive Directors), assess the quality, quantity and

timeliness of flow of information between the Company

Management and the Board that is necessary for the

Board of Directors to effectively and reasonably perform

their duties.

Five Meetings of Independent Directors were held

during the year under review and these Meetings were

well attended by the Independent Directors.

E. Director(s) seeking Appointment/

Re‑appointment

Dr. Anish Shah,: Managing

Managing Director and CEO of Mahindra & Mahindra

Limited and Director and Vice President of Federation

of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI).

Dr. Anish Shah is a Member of the following Board

Committees:

Name of the

Company

Name of the Committee

Position

Held

Mahindra &

Mahindra Limited

Risk Management Committee

Member

Corporate Social Responsibility

Committee

Member

Sales of Assets Committee

Member

Mahindra &

Mahindra

Financial Services

Limited

Nomination & Remuneration

Committee

Member

Strategic Investment Committee

Member

Tech Mahindra

Limited

Investment Committee

Member

Nomination & Remuneration

Committee

Member

Mahindra

Holidays and

Resorts India

Limited

Nomination & Remuneration

Committee

Member

Mahindra

Logistics Limited

Nomination & Remuneration

Committee

Member

Mahindra

Lifespace

Developers

Limited

Loans & Investment Committee

Member

Nomination & Remuneration

Committee

Member

Federation of

Indian Chambers

of Commerce and

Industry (FICCI)

National Executive Committee

Member

National Steering Committee

Member

Executive Board

Member

Dr. Shah has not resigned as a Director from any listed

company in the past three years and is not inter-se

related to any other Director of the Company.

Dr. Anish Shah holds 1,54,935 Ordinary (Equity) Shares

in the Company.

Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar

Executive Director (Automotive and Farm Sectors)

Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar has diverse experience across

Packaged Goods, Advertising, Media, Automotive and

Farm Equipment. He joined Mahindra in 2000 as Vice

President – Marketing for Automotive Sector. In 2003,

he was appointed Executive Vice President – Sales

& Marketing and in 2005, he was given additional

responsibility as the: Managing

Managing Director and Chief Executive

Officer to this effect is enclosed at the end of this Report.

The Code of Conduct for the Board Members of the

Company also includes Code for Independent Directors

which is a guide to professional conduct for Independent

Directors, pursuant to section 149(8) and Schedule IV of

the Act.

G. CEO/CFO Certiﬁcation

The: Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer and

Group Chief Financial Officer of the Company have

jointly given annual certification on financial reporting

and internal controls to the Board in terms of Regulation

17(8) of the Listing Regulations. Further, prior to the

transition of Mr. Anand G. Mahindra to the role of

Non-Executive

Managing Director

and Chief Executive Officer)

874.96#

—

48.03

265.71@

1,188.70

Deputy: Managing

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer$

25,290

*7,500***

*15,000*** *11,345***

*12,543***

*37,336***

Nil

Dr. Vishakha N. Desai, Independent Director

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

@20,000*****

Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta, Independent Director

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

*10,000

Dr. Anish Shah,: Managing

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer, Executive Director (Automotive

and Farm Sectors), Group Chief Financial Officer, the

President (Group Controller of Finance and Accounts), the

Senior Vice President – Corporate Finance, the Statutory

Auditors, the Chief Internal Auditor, the Controller of

Accounts, the President – Mahindra Partners & Group

Legal, the Chief Financial Officer of Auto and Farm

Sectors and the Company Secretary.

As required under the Secretarial Standard on General

Meetings, the Chairman of the Committee or, in his

absence, any other Member of the Committee authorised

by him on his behalf shall attend the General Meeting

of the Company. Mr. T. N. Manoharan, Chairman of

the Audit Committee, was virtually present at the

75th AGM of the Company held through Video

Conferencing facility on 6th August, 2021 to address the

Shareholders’ queries pertaining to Annual Accounts of

the Company.

Apart from the Meetings, Circular Resolution(s) are also passed by the Members. Subsequently, these Resolution(s) are

noted in the Meeting held after the date on which the Circular Resolution(s) are passed by the Members.

Composition and Attendance (in brief):

100%

4

6

100%

Independence

Members

Meetings

Attendance

The Committee met Six times during the year under review on 29th April, 2021, 28th May, 2021, 5th August, 2021,

8th November, 2021, 9th February, 2022 and 14th March, 2022. The gap between two Meetings did not exceed one

hundred and twenty days. The attendance at the Meetings was as under:

Name of the Directors

Committee Meeting Dates and Mode

1

2

3

4

5

6

Held

during

the year

Attended

% of attendance

of a Member

29th

April, 2021

(VC)

28th

May,

2021 (VC)

5th

August,

2021 (VC)

8th

November,

2021 (VC)

9th

February,

2022 (VC)

14th

March,

2022 (Hybrid)

Mr. T. N. Manoharan (Chairman)

6

6

100%

Ms. Shikha Sharma

6

6

100%

Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta

6

6

100%

Mr. Haigreve Khaitan

6

6

100%

% of attendance at a Meeting

100%

100%

100%

100%

100%

100%

Audit Committee Meeting

Attended through video conference



Leave of Absence









Attended in-person

AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2022

Activities of the Committee during the year

Frequency

Reviewed Quarterly, Half yearly and Annual Standalone and Consolidated financial statements of the Company prepared in

accordance with the Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) as specified under the Companies Act, 2013, read with the relevant

rules thereunder

Q / A

Held discussions with the Statutory Auditors regarding the Company’s audited financial statements and sought the auditors’

judgment on the quality and applicability of the accounting principles, the reasonableness of significant judgments, the

adequacy of disclosures in the financial statements and other matters as the Committee deemed necessary

Q

Reviewed and approved the Audit Fees and Fees payable for other services rendered by the Statutory Auditors during the

year under review

A

Considered and made recommendation of the Remuneration payable to the Chief Internal Auditor and Chief Financial

Officer of the Company

A

Reviewed the performance of the Statutory Auditors and Internal Auditors

A

Reviewed with independent auditors, the nature and scope of the audit alongwith the review of audit engagement to

ascertain adequacy and appropriateness

E

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director, the

Executive Director(s), Presidents and other Members of

Senior Management as may be decided from time to

time (including the Chief Financial Officer and Company

Secretary).

In addition to the above, the Committee’s role includes

identifying persons who are qualified to become Directors

and who may be appointed in Senior Management in

accordance with the criteria laid down, recommending to

the Board their appointment and removal and carrying

out evaluation of every Director’s performance.

The Committee has also formulated the criteria for

determining

qualifications,

positive

attributes

and

independence of a Director and recommended to the

Board a Policy relating to the remuneration for the

Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and other Employees.

This policy has also been posted on the website of the

Company and can be accessed in the Governance section

at the Web-link https://www.mahindra.com/investors/

reports-and-filings.

During the year under review, the “Policy on Appointment

of Directors and Senior Management and Succession

Planning for Orderly Succession to the Board and the

Senior Management” was modified to align with the

amendments made by SEBI to the Listing Regulations

with respect to appointment of a Director (including

an Independent Director), resignation, removal of an

Independent Director and the role of GNRC in evaluating

an individual as an Independent Director by preparing

description of role and responsibilities required as well as

assessment of skills and capabilities while recommending

an Independent Director.

In addition to the above, to further strengthen the

Corporate Governance disclosures, the Policy now

also includes three Annexures viz. (i) Policy on Board

Membership Criteria – Schedule A (ii) The Board

Diversity Policy – Schedule B and (iii) Policy on Criteria

for determining Independence of Directors – Schedule C.

The Committee has undertaken a structured and

comprehensive succession planning program over a

period of time and has carried out a rigorous review

for an orderly Succession to the Board and the Senior

Management.

The Committee carries out a separate exercise to

evaluate the performance of Individual Directors.

Feedback is sought by way of structured questionnaires

covering various aspects of the Board’s functioning such

as adequacy of the composition of the Board and its

Committees, Board culture, execution and performance

of specific duties, obligations and governance. The

performance evaluation is carried out based on the

responses received from the Directors.

The performance evaluation of Independent Directors

was based on various criteria, inter alia, including

attendance at Board and Committee Meetings, skill,

experience, ability to challenge views of others in a

constructive manner, knowledge acquired with regard

to the Company’s business, understanding of industry

and global trends, etc. During the year under review,

the Committee ascertained and reconfirmed that the

deployment of “questionnaire” as a methodology, is

effective for evaluation of performance of Board and

Committees and Individual Directors.

The Committee is also empowered to opine, in respect of

the services rendered by a Director in professional capacity,

whether such Director possesses requisite qualification

for the practice of the profession. As per section 178(7)

of the Act and Secretarial Standard on General Meetings,

the Chairman of the Committee or, in his absence, any

other Member of the Committee authorised by him in

this behalf shall attend the General Meetings of the

Company. The Chairman of the Committee, Mr. Vikram

Singh Mehta was virtually present at the 75th AGM of the

Company held through Video Conferencing facility on

6th August, 2021.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter to the below address:

Chairperson of the Audit Committee

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited,

Mahindra Towers, Dr. G. M. Bhosale Marg,

P. K. Kurne Chowk, Worli,

Mumbai – 400 018.

The Whistle-blower Policy provides for reporting of

insider trading violations and reporting of instances of

leak of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information by the

employees. Under the Vigil Mechanism, all stakeholders

have been provided access to the Audit Committee

through the Chairperson. No personnel have been denied

access to the Audit Committee. The Policy provides for

adequate safeguards against victimization of persons

who use the mechanism.

Whistle Blower Policy was updated during the year,

the details of which may be referred to in the Board’s

Report. During the course of the year Vigil framework

and systems for timely and conclusive resolution of

compliance concerns have been standardized and further

strengthened.

The

Whistle-blower

Policy

of

the

Company

is

available on the website of the Company and can be

accessed in the Governance section at the Web-link

https://www.mahindra.com/investors/reports-and-filings.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and CEO of the Company upto

2nd April, 2021 and Dr. Anish Shah who was Deputy: Managing Director and Group Chief Financial

Officer has taken over as Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer of the Company with effect

from 2nd April, 2021.

(b) Office for Non-Executive

Managing Director and Group Chief Financial

Officer” from 1st April, 2020 to 1st April, 2021 and as the Managing

Director of the Company designated as “: Managing Director and Chief

Executive Officer” with effect from 2nd April, 2021 to 31st March, 2025.

3.

Appointment of Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar (DIN: 00046823), as Whole-time

Director designated as “Executive Director (Automotive and Farm

Sectors)” for a period of 5 years with effect from 1st April, 2020 to

31st March, 2025.

2021***

6th August, 2021

3:00 p.m.

1.

Re-appointment of Mr. T. N. Manoharan (DIN: 01186248) as an Independent

Director of the Company, not liable to retire by rotation, to hold office

for a second term of 5 (five) consecutive years commencing from 11th

November, 2021 to 10th November, 2026.

https://www.mahindra.

com/investors/reports-

and-filings?year=2021-

2022&category=&tab=tabs-

2#show-secretarial-reports

2.

Payment of remuneration to Mr. Anand G. Mahindra (DIN: 00004695) as

a Non-Executive

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Mahindra & Mahindra Limited declare that all the Members of

the Board of Directors and Senior Management Personnel have affirmed compliance with the Code of Conduct for the year ended

31st March, 2022.

Anish Shah

Mumbai, 28th May, 2022: Managing

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer

* from 2nd April 2021.

DIN Number

:

00254502

Name

:

Dr. Pawan Kumar Goenka**

Designation

:: Managing

letter,

fax etc. to be able to hear customers.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and CEO

Rajesh Jejurikar

Executive Director (Automotive and Farm Sectors)

Manoj Bhat

Group Chief Financial Officer

Narayan Shankar

Company Secretary

Mumbai, 28th May, 2022

For Mahindra & Mahindra Limited

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and CEO

Rajesh Jejurikar

Executive Director (Automotive and Farm Sectors)

Manoj Bhat

Group Chief Financial Officer

Narayan Shankar

Company Secretary

Mumbai, 28th May, 2022

For Mahindra & Mahindra Limited

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and CEO

Rajesh Jejurikar

Executive Director (Automotive and Farm Sectors)

Manoj Bhat

Group Chief Financial Officer

Narayan Shankar

Company Secretary

Mumbai, 28th May, 2022

For Mahindra & Mahindra Limited

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and CEO

Rajesh Jejurikar

Executive Director (Automotive and Farm Sectors)

Manoj Bhat

Group Chief Financial Officer

Narayan Shankar

Company Secretary

Mumbai, 28th May, 2022

For Mahindra & Mahindra Limited

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Letter of Credit) ........................................................................................................

87.51

49.29

Reconciliation of loss allowance for Trade Receivables:

Rupees crores

Particulars

2022

2021

Balance as at beginning of the year .....................................................................................................

(228.36)

(158.30)

Acquisitions through business combinations [Refer note 44 (B)] ........................................................

—

(0.17)

Additions during the year .......................................................................................................................

(34.35)

(106.04)

Amounts written off during the year ....................................................................................................

1.88

8.53

Amount of loss reversed/written back ...................................................................................................

32.61

27.62

Balance as at end of the year ................................................................................................................

(228.22)

(228.36)

The Company’s maximum exposure to credit risk in respect of Financial Guarantee contracts are disclosed in Note 38 - 3(a).

In respect of other financial assets, the maximum exposure to credit risk at the end of the reporting period is the carrying amount

of each class of financial assets.

38. Financial instruments (contd.)

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

3

Dr. Anish Shah$: Managing Director and CEO

4

Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar

Executive Director (Automotive and Farm Sectors)

5

Mrs. Nisaba Godrej

Independent Director

6

Mr. Muthiah Murugappan

Independent Director

7

Dr. Vishakha N. Desai

Independent Director

8

Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta

Independent Director

9

Mr. T. N. Manoharan

Independent Director

10

Mr. Vijay Kumar Sharma

Nominee Director

11

Mr. Haigreve Khaitan

Independent Director

12

Mrs. Shikha Sharma

Independent Director

13

Mr. C. P. Gurnani

Non-Executive Non-Independent Director

^ Executive

Managing Director jointly regarded as the Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”). Description of each of the reportable segments for all periods

presented, is as under.

(a)

Automotive:- This segment comprises of sale of automobiles, spares, mobility solutions, Construction Equipment and related services;

(b) Farm Equipment:- This segment comprises of sale of tractors, implements, spares and related services;

(c)

Others:- This segment comprise of Powerol, Two Wheelers and Spares Business Unit.

The CODM evaluates the Company’s performance and allocates resources based on an analysis of various performance indicators by operating segments. The CODM reviews revenue

and gross profit as the performance indicator for all of the operating segments.

The measurement of each segment’s revenues, expenses and assets is consistent with the accounting policies that are used in preparation of the financial statements. Segment profit

represents the profit before interest and tax.

Information regarding the Company’s reportable segments is presented below:

Rupees crores

Particulars

2022

2021

Automotive

Farm

Equipment

Other

Total

Segment

Eliminations

Total

Automotive

Farm

Equipment

Other

Total

Segment

Eliminations

Total

Revenue

External Revenue .......................................

35,549.22

19,570.32

2,326.43

57,445.97

57,445.97

24,526.53

18,264.87

1,838.47

44,629.87

44,629.87

Inter Segment Revenue .............................

37.45

196.51

19.46

253.42

(253.42)

—

38.66

168.38

9.26

216.30

(216.30)

—

Total Revenue.............................................

35,586.67

19,766.83

2,345.89

57,699.39

(253.42)

57,445.97

24,565.19

18,433.25

1,847.73

44,846.17

(216.30)

44,629.87

Result

Segment Result ..........................................

1,337.21

3,579.89

135.28

5,052.38

5,052.38

832.02

4,192.70

26.06

5,050.78

5,050.78

Exceptional Item allocated to segments ...

—

—

—

—

—

(5.52)

—

—

(5.52)

(5.52)

Segment Result .........................................

1,337.21

3,579.89

135.28

5,052.38

5,052.38

826.50

4,192.70

26.06

5,045.26

5,045.26

Less:

Finance costs

223.00

396.31

Add:

Unallocated corporate income net of

unallocated expenses.................................

1,614.75

736.26

Exceptional items unallocable to

segments .....................................................

(208.67)

(3,081.76)

Profit before tax ........................................

6,235.46

2,303.45

Income Taxes ..............................................

1,300.24

1,319.29

Profit after tax ...........................................

4,935.22

984.16

Out of total external revenue above:-

Revenue from contracts with customers ...

56,948.71

44,149.03

Revenue from other sources ....................

497.26

480.84

Total

57,445.97

44,629.87

OTHER INFORMATION

Segment Assets ..........................................

24,133.27

8,425.23

987.08

33,545.58

—

33,545.58

21,872.04

6,948.61

1,087.81

29,908.46

—

29,908.46

Unallocated Corporate Assets ...................

33,584.68

31,656.03

Total Assets ................................................

24,133.27

8,425.23

987.08

33,545.58

—

67,130.26

21,872.04

6,948.61

1,087.81

29,908.46

—

61,564.49

Segment Liabilities .....................................

13,945.59

4,098.62

739.77

18,783.98

—

18,783.98

10,660.00

4,436.58

589.80

15,686.38

—

15,686.38

Unallocated Corporate Liabilities

9,385.33

10,927.11

Total Liabilities ...........................................

13,945.59

4,098.62

739.77

18,783.98

—

28,169.31

10,672.32

4,436.58

589.80

15,698.70

—

26,613.49

Additions to non current assets ...............

2,408.82

740.37

56.07

3,205.26

—

3,205.26

2,908.82

434.06

34.85

3,377.73

—

3,377.73

Depreciation, amortisation and

impairment expense ..................................

2,036.05

343.11

34.01

2,413.17

—

2,413.17

1,952.64

332.85

35.84

2,321.33

—

2,321.33

Note:-

Additions to non-current assets comprises of capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment, capital work-in-progress, intangible assets including those under development and

capital advances.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and CEO

Rajesh Jejurikar

Executive Director (Automotive and Farm Sectors)

Manoj Bhat

Group Chief Financial Officer

Narayan Shankar

Company Secretary

Mumbai, 28th May, 2022

For Mahindra & Mahindra Limited

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and CEO

Rajesh Jejurikar

Executive Director (Automotive and Farm Sectors)

Manoj Bhat

Group Chief Financial Officer

Narayan Shankar

Company Secretary

Mumbai, 28th May, 2022

For Mahindra & Mahindra Limited

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and CEO

Rajesh Jejurikar

Executive Director (Automotive and Farm Sectors)

Manoj Bhat

Group Chief Financial Officer

Narayan Shankar

Company Secretary

Mumbai, 28th May, 2022

For Mahindra & Mahindra Limited

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and CEO

Rajesh Jejurikar

Executive Director (Automotive and Farm Sectors)

Manoj Bhat

Group Chief Financial Officer

Narayan Shankar

Company Secretary

Mumbai, 28th May, 2022

For Mahindra & Mahindra Limited

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and CEO

Rajesh Jejurikar

Executive Director (Automotive and Farm Sectors)

Manoj Bhat

Group Chief Financial Officer

Narayan Shankar

Company Secretary

Mumbai, 28th May, 2022

For Mahindra & Mahindra Limited

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and CEO

3

Dr. Anish Shah (w.e.f. 2nd April, 2021): Managing Director and CEO

4

Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar

Executive Director (Automotive and Farm Sectors)

5

Dr. Vishakha N. Desai

Independent Director

6

Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta

Independent Director

7

Mr. T. N. Manoharan

Independent Director

8

Mr. Haigreve Khaitan

Independent Director

9

Mrs. Shikha Sharma

Independent Director

10

Mr. C. P. Gurnani

Non-Executive Non-Independent Director

11

Ms. Nisaba Godrej

Independent Director

12

Mr. Muthiah Murugappan

Independent Director

13

Mr. Vijay Kumar Sharma

Nominee Director

$ Executive

Managing Director and CEO

Rajesh Jejurikar

Executive Director (Automotive and Farm Sectors)

Manoj Bhat

Group Chief Financial Officer

Narayan Shankar

Company Secretary

Mumbai, 28th May, 2022

For Mahindra & Mahindra Limited

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and CEO

Rajesh Jejurikar

Executive Director (Automotive and Farm Sectors)

Manoj Bhat

Group Chief Financial Officer

Narayan Shankar

Company Secretary

Mumbai, 28th May, 2022

For Mahindra & Mahindra Limited

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

