letter

dated 01st July,2022.

We would like to inform

you that the 61st Annual General Meeting of the Company

will be held on Thursday;

04th August,2022 ~hrough

video conferencing

(VC)/other

approved audio visual means (OAVM).

In this connection,

please find enclosed herewith

the following:

1) The Notice convening the Annual General Meeting of the Company.

2) Annual Report 2021-2022

This information

is being submitted

pursuant to Regulation 34 of the SEBI (Listing,

Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015, as amended.

Further,

this to inform

you that

in compliance

with

Section 108 of the Companies'

Act,

2013 read with

Rule 20 of the

Companies

(Management

& Administration)

Rules, 2014,as amended,

the Company has fixed

Thursday,

28th July 2022, as the

cut-off

date for the purpose of offering

remote e-voting

facility

to the Members in

respect of resolutions

to be transacted

at the Annual General Meeting scheduled to

be held on 04th August,2022 through video conferencing

(VC)/other

approved audio

visual means (OAVM).

Kindly take the same on record.

Thanking you.

Yours faithfully,

For MRF LIMITED

~·tf\O~

SDHANVANTHKYMA

\~{OMPANY

SEeRETARY:

letter and ID proof of the person who is

authorised to vote to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to jandsca@gmail.com

with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in.

2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other

person and take utmost care to keep your password confidential.

Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful

attempts to key in the correct password. In such an event, you will:

Managing Director of the Company and in 2022 he was re-appointed

as: Managing

Managing Director of the Company is

as follows: (a) Salary and perquisites – ` 113213659 (b) Commission –

` 87500000 (c) Total – ` 200713659.

Mr. Rahul Mammen Mappillai, Mr. K M Mammen (Father), Mrs. Ambika

Mammen, (Mother) and Mr. Samir Thariyan Mappillai (Brother) and their

relatives may be deemed to be concerned or interested in the above

resolution.

Since Mr. K M Mammen is deemed to be interested in this resolution, he

has not participated in the discussion or vote on this item during meeting

of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee when this proposal was

considered. Further, all the above directors have not participated in the

discussion or vote on this item during meeting of the Board when this

proposal was considered.

None of the other Directors and key managerial personnel are related to

Mr. Rahul Mammen Mappillai as envisaged under the Companies Act,

2013. Further, none of them or their relatives are concerned or interested,

financially or otherwise, in the above resolution.

Mr. Rahul Mammen Mappillai has the requisite skills and experience

expected of a member of the Board and accordingly, the Board (on the

basis of the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee) recommends this ordinary resolution for the approval of the

shareholders.

Item No. 4

In compliance with the provisions of section 152 of the Companies Act,

2013, Dr. (Mrs) Cibi Mammen retires by rotation at the ensuing annual

general meeting of the Company. Dr.(Mrs) Cibi Mammen being eligible

has offered herself for re-appointment.

Dr. (Mrs) Cibi Mammen aged about 51 years, is on the Board of the

Company since 12th February, 2015. Dr. (Mrs) Cibi Mammen is a

BDS graduate from Dr MGR University, Chennai. She is on the Board

of Funskool (India) Limited, a leading toy Company in India offering

wide range of brands. She has good experience in administration and

in Management. She has moderated forums in the spouses wing of the

Young Presidents’ Organisation. She is a member of the Indian Women’s

Association (IWA).

Dr. (Mrs) Cibi Mammen is a director of Devon Machines Private Limited,

Pearl Investments & Finance Co. Ltd., Comprehensive Investment &

Finance Company Private Limited, Funskool (India) Ltd., Peninsular

Investments Private Limited, Coastal Rubber Equipment Private Limited,

Tranquil Investments P Ltd, Avittam Investments Private Limited and V A

Investments P Ltd. Dr.(Mrs) Cibi Mammen has not resigned from any other

listed entity in the past 3 years. Dr.(Mrs) Cibi Mammen is not a member/

chairman of any committees of the Board in which she is a Director.

Dr. (Mrs) Cibi Mammen holds 500 shares in the Company. During the last

financial year, Dr. (Mrs) Cibi Mammen attended all the 4 Board meetings

of the Company.

The details of sitting fees paid to Dr. (Mrs) Cibi Mammen for the year

2021-2022 is ` 1,00,000.

Dr. (Mrs) Cibi Mammen and her spouse Mr. Arun Mammen, Vice

Chairman and: Managing

letter dated 25th April, 2022 addressed to the Audit Committee and to

the Board of Directors of the Company. The Audit Committee and the

Board of Directors at their meeting held on 10th May, 2022 took note

of the above and accepted their request to retire on conclusion of the

forthcoming AGM of the Company.

The Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on 10th

May,2022, on the basis of the recommendations of the Audit Committee,

recommended for the approval of the Members, the appointment of

Messrs. Sastri & Shah, Chartered Accountants (Firm Regn No: 003643S),

Chennai as the Joint Statutory Auditor of the Company for a period of 5

(five) consecutive financial years from the conclusion of the 61st AGM till

the conclusion of the 66th AGM on remuneration, terms and conditions

as may be approved by the Board. Messrs. Sastri & Shah, Chartered

Accountants was formed in the year 1931. There are 6 partners in the

firm having experience in corporate audits, direct and indirect taxation

and internal audit. The firm specializes in conducting statutory audit,

tax audit, GST audit, concurrent audit, compliance audit, HR audit, GST

and Income Tax consulting and compliance etc. The firm has clientele

in companies spread across several industries, Government companies

including banking, hotels, plantation, travel and tourism etc. Messrs. Sastri

& Shah, Chartered Accountants were earlier Joint statutory Auditors of the

Company till August, 2017.

The fees proposed to be paid will be decided by the Board of Directors

every year during the five year tenure. For the financial year 2022-2023,

it is proposed to pay a remuneration of ` 41.74 Lakhs (excluding out

of pocket expenses and statutory levies). The remuneration proposed is

not materially higher than that paid to the outgoing auditor. The Audit

Committee while recommending Messrs. Sastri & Shah, Chartered

Accountants for appointment by the Board also considered various

parameters like relevant audit experience, clientele served, technical

knowledge etc., and found Messrs. Sastri & Shah, Chartered Accountants

to be suited to handle the scale, diversity and complexity associated with

the audit of the financial statements of the Company.

Messrs. Sastri & Shah, Chartered Accountants have given their consent to

act as the Joint Statutory Auditor of the Company and have confirmed that

the said appointment, if made, will be in accordance with the conditions

prescribed under Sections 139 and 141 of the Act.

None of the Directors and key managerial personnel of the Company or

their relatives are concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the

above resolution.

Accordingly, the Board recommends this Ordinary Resolution for the

approval of the shareholders.

Item No. 6

Mr. Samir Thariyan Mappillai was appointed as Whole-time Director of

the Company with effect from 04.08.2017 for a period of 5 years. This

was approved by the shareholders at the annual general meeting held on

04.08.2017. In view of the impending expiry of his earlier appointment,

the Board of Directors at its meeting held on 10.05.2022, based on the

recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee have

re-appointed Mr. Samir Thariyan Mappillai as Whole-time Director of the

Company with effect from 04.08.2022 for a further period of 5 years.

Mr. Samir Thariyan Mappillai aged about 40 years, is on the Board of

the Company since 4th August, 2017. Mr. Samir Thariyan Mappillai has

completed his B.A., Economics from St. Stephen’s College, Delhi and

M.A., (Economics) from the University of Madras. Thereafter, he did

his Masters Degree in Business Administration (M.B.A.), from Kellogg

School of Management, North-Western University, Illinois, USA.

Mr. Samir Thariyan Mappillai joined the Company as Corporate Manager

in the Marketing department in 2010 and was later promoted as Deputy

General Manager Marketing in 2011 and General Manager – Marketing

in 2014 in the Company. He has varied experience in all major functions

in marketing and product development. In 2017, he was appointed as

Whole- time Director of the Company.

Taking into consideration the duties and responsibilities of the Whole-

time Director, the prevailing managerial remuneration in industry and

considering the increasing size and complexity of the business and on

the recommendation of the nomination and remuneration committee, the:

Managing Director (Father), Mrs. Ambika Mammen,:

Managing Director

(brother) and their relatives may be deemed to be concerned or interested

in the above resolution.

Since Mr. K M Mammen is deemed to be interested in this resolution,

he has not participated in the discussion or vote on this item during

the meeting of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee when

this proposal was considered. Further, all the above directors have not

participated in the discussion or vote on this item during meeting of the

Board when this proposal was considered.

None of the other Directors and key managerial personnel and their

relatives are concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the

above resolution.

Accordingly, approval of the Shareholders by way of Ordinary Resolution

is sought for the above proposal.

The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution as set out in this notice

for the approval of the Shareholders.

Item No. 7

Mr. Varun Mammen was appointed as Whole-time Director of the

Company with effect from 04.08.2017 for a period of 5 years. This was

approved by the shareholders at the annual general meeting held on

04.08.2017. In view of the impending expiry of his earlier appointment,

the Board of Directors at its meeting held on 10.05.2022, based on the

recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee have

re-appointed Mr. Varun Mammen as Whole-time Director of the Company

with effect from 04.08.2022 for a further period of 5 years.

Mr. Varun Mammen aged about 39 years is on the Board of the Company

from 04th August, 2017. He is a graduate in Chemical Engineering from

the University of Madras, Chennai. He holds a Masters degree (MSc)

in Polymer Materials Science and Engineering from The University of

Manchester, UK. He has also obtained a Masters degree in Business

Administration (MBA) from The Wharton School, University of

Pennsylvania, USA. He joined the Company as Deputy General Manager

in the Manufacturing Division in 2011 and was later promoted as General

Manager-Manufacturing in 2014 in the Company. He has undertaken

many projects within Manufacturing to make improvements to the

existing processes, resulting in greater efficiency, smoother operations and

significant cost savings across all factories. In 2017, he was appointed as

Whole-time Director of the Company.

Taking into consideration the duties and responsibilities of the Whole-

time Director, the prevailing managerial remuneration in industry and

considering the increasing size and complexity of the business and on

the recommendation of the nomination and remuneration committee, the

Board has approved the following terms of remuneration for Mr. Varun

Mammen, with effect from 04.08.2022 (which are in line with his current

terms):

A) Salary: ` 7,00,000/- per month with annual increment of ` 1,00,000/-

B) Residential accommodation: Shall be provided free furnished

residential accommodation.

C) Perquisites and allowances: In addition to the above salary and

residential accommodation, he shall be entitled to the following

perquisites and allowances restricted to an amount equal to two times

his annual salary in a financial year:

i)

Gas, electricity, water, furnishing and other amenities, repairs,

house maintenance expenses, servant(s), cook(s), security

guard(s), etc., at his residence;

ii) Leave travel concession: For self and family once in a year

incurred in accordance with the rules of the Company;

iii) Facility of car with driver;

iv) Allowances and other perquisites: Special allowance and/ or any

other allowances or perquisites as determined by the Nomination

and Remuneration Committee.

The above perquisites and allowances shall be evaluated as per Income

Tax rules, wherever applicable. In the absence of any such rules, these

shall be evaluated at actual cost.

D) Other Benefits:

i)

Contribution to provident fund, pension/superannuation/gratuity

fund schemes in accordance with the Company’s rules and

regulations in force from time to time;:

Managing Director: Dear Shareholders,

As we emerged from the lock-down problems of the previous two years, we were faced with a new challenge of rising costs of raw

materials during the current year. This increase in the costs of raw materials has been unprecedented as it has happened

continuously for months together, forcing us to increase prices of our products time and again in the market. The Ukraine war

has not helped either, as some of the raw materials became unavailable and costlier.

On the other hand, the increase in the fuel cost has had its effect on the consumer demand particularly in two wheeler tyres and

even to some extent in passenger tyres. The automobile industry has faced its own challenges, the foremost being shortage of

semi-conductors for vehicles. This brought down the production of vehicles in many cases, thus bringing down the volume of our

institutional sales.

However, the commercial vehicle movement has been brisk for most part of the year and this has lessened our discomfort on the

selling front. In the midst of all these challenges, it is indeed remarkable that MRF has been able to notch up a total income of

Rs.19304 crores for the last year ended 31st March 2022. This has been achieved mainly because of our own unrelenting stand

on the quality of our products and also the trust we have earned from our customers over the years.

MRF’s 10th factory in Gujarat has ramped up its production and is contributing signiﬁcantly to our total production. MRF is in the

process of developing new products for new markets in India and abroad. MRF was the pioneer in exports being the ﬁrst

company to export tyres from India way back in the 1960s and we have built up our export markets through the years.

Brand Finance, the world’s leading brand valuation consultancy has come out with its brand survey for India and MRF has been

adjudged as No.6 amongst the top 10 strongest brands in the country. This is deﬁnitely a feather on our cap as the brand

preference of our products keeps increasing.

MRF continues its commitment with MRF Pace Foundation and we have produced new fast bowlers like Mr. Prasidh Krishna,

Mr. Avesh Khan, Mr. Chetan Sakariya and Mr. Sandeep Warrier who are all selected for the Indian cricket team during the year

gone by.

In line with the Government of India’s commitment to make the country carbon neutral by 2070 and our domestic and global

suppliers’/customers’ requirements, our company has initiated a series of measures to enhance its sustainability proﬁle. The

various measures which we are taking will reﬂect in our ESG scores going forward.

I wish to thank the Shareholders, Investors, Central and State Governments, Lenders, Suppliers and Customers for their great

support during these trying times. I also thank all my colleagues on the board for their continued support.

Best Wishes,

ANNUAL REPORT 2021 - 2022

CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE

01

Managing Director

ARUN MAMMEN

Vice Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director and Dr (Mrs)

Cibi Mammen (DIN: 00287146), Director of the Company, retire by

rotation at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting and being eligible

have offered themselves for re-appointment.

The Company has received declarations of independence from all

the Independent Directors confirming that they meet the criteria of

independence as prescribed under section 149(6) of the Companies

Act, 2013 and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 and that they are independent from Management.

The Board is of the opinion that all the Independent Directors of the

Company are person’s of integrity and possess relevant expertise and

experience (including the proficiency) to act as Independent Directors of

the Company. The Independent Directors of the Company have confirmed

that they have registered with the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs,

Manesar and have included their name in the databank of Independent

Directors within the statutory timeline as required under Rule 6 of the

Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014.

Performance evaluation of the Board, its Committees and Directors

The Board of Directors has made a formal annual evaluation of its own

performance and that of its committees pursuant to the provisions of:

letter dated 25th April, 2022 addressed to the Audit Committee and to the

Board of Directors of the Company. The Audit Committee and the Board

of Directors at their meeting held on 10th May, 2022 took note of the

above and accepted their request.

The Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on 10th May,

2022 on the basis of the recommendations of the Audit Committee,

recommended for the approval of the Members, the appointment of

Messrs. Sastri & Shah, Chartered Accountants (Firm Regn No.: 003643S),

Chennai as the Joint Statutory Auditors of the Company, for a period of 5

(five) consecutive financial years from the conclusion of this AGM till the

conclusion of the Sixty Sixth AGM on remuneration, terms and conditions

as may approved by the Board.

The proposal for appointment of Messrs. Sastri & Shah, Chartered

Accountants, as Joint Statutory Auditor of the Company is listed as an item

in the Notice convening the forthcoming Annual General Meeting of the

Company, for necessary approval of the shareholders.

Auditors Report to the shareholders for the financial year ended

31st March, 2022, does not contain any qualification.

Cost Audit

The Board of Directors, on the recommendations of the Audit Committee,

has approved the re-appointment of Mr. C. Govindan Kutty, Cost

Accountant (Mem. No. 2881), as Cost Auditor of the Company for

the financial year ending 31st March, 2023, under section 148 of the

Companies Act, 2013, and recommends ratification of his remuneration

by the shareholders at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting of the

Company.

Secretarial Audit

Pursuant to provisions of Section 204 of the Companies Act, 2013

read with rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of

Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, your Company engaged the services

of Mr K Elangovan, Elangovan Associates, Company Secretaries, Chennai

to conduct the Secretarial Audit of the Company for the financial year

ended 31st March, 2022. The Secretarial Audit Report (in Form MR-3) is

attached as Annexure-III, to this Report. The Secretarial Auditor’s Report

to the shareholders does not contain any qualification.

Annual Return

The Annual Return as required under Section 92 and Section 134 of the

Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 12 of the Companies (Management

and Administration) Rules, 2014 is available on the Company’s website:

www.mrftyres.com. Weblink : https://www.mrftyres.com/downloads/

download.php?filename=Form-MGT-7-for-the-financial-year-ended-

31st-March,2022.pdf

Other Matters

There are no material changes and commitments affecting the financial

position of the Company between the financial year ended 31st March,

2022 and the date of this report.

During the year under review, there were no material and significant

orders passed by the regulators or courts or tribunals impacting the going

concern status and the Company’s operations in future.:

Managing Director

DIN: 00020202:

Managing Director

10th May, 2022.

DIN: 00020202:

Managing Director & Chairman of CSR

Committee

4

4

2

Mr. Arun Mammen

Vice Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

Vice Chairman &

Chennai

and Chairman of CSR Committee: Managing

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the

management of the company. My responsibility is to express an

opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

I have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate

to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the contents

of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to

ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. I believe

that the processes and practices I followed provide a reasonable

basis for our opinion.

3.

I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial

records and Books of Accounts of the company.

4.

Wherever required, I have obtained the Management representation

about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and happening

of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other

applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility

of management. My examination was limited to the verification of

procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future

viability of the company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with

which the management has conducted the affairs of the company.

K ELANGOVAN

Company Secretary in Practice

Place: Chennai

FCS No.1808, CP No. 3552, P R No. 892/2020

Date: 10th May, 2022

UDIN: F001808D000277281:

Managing Director

10th May, 2022

DIN: 00020202:

Managing Director

10th May, 2022

DIN: 00020202:

Managing Director, a Vice Chairman and: Managing Director, a Managing

Director, 2 Whole-time Directors, 2 Non-Executive Directors and 7 Independent Directors. None of the Directors on the Board is a member of more

than 10 committees or act as

Managing Director, Mr.

Arun Mammen, Vice Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director,: Managing

Managing Director,: Managing Director(s)

and Whole-time Director(s) shall be governed by the

provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules made

thereunder or any other enactment for the time being in

force.

(iii)

KMP’s (other than MD’s and WD’s), Senior Management

Personnel and other Staff:

The level and composition of remuneration will be

reasonable and sufficient to attract, retain and motivate

persons of the quality required to handle appropriate

management roles in the Company successfully. The

level of remuneration may be based on the qualification,

experience and expertise and potential of the person

concerned and also the responsibilities to be shouldered,

criticality of the job to the Company’s business and

any other criteria as considered appropriate. The

compensation package may comprise of a fixed

compensation package in the nature of monthly and

annual payout, provision of perquisites, contribution to

retirement benefits, health and insurance and any other

benefits (including provision of loans on such terms as

to interest, repayment and security as determined by the

Board) and variable pay (having a clear relationship to

performance which will meet appropriate benchmarks

relevant to the working of the Company and its goals),

in such proportion and quantum as decided from time

to time based on the Company’s business needs and

requirements and prevailing practices in industry.

(iv)

Directors and Officers Insurance:

Where any insurance is taken by the Company on behalf

of its Directors, KMP’s / Senior Management Personnel,

Staff etc., for indemnifying them against any liability, the

premium paid on such insurance shall not be treated as

part of the remuneration payable to any such personnel.

b.

Details of Remuneration to all the Directors for the financial

year ended 31.03.2022

(i)

The remuneration of the Managing / Whole-time

Directors comprises of a fixed component (viz., salary,

allowances, perquisites and retirement benefits) and

variable components (viz., commission on profit).

Commission is paid as a percentage of profit before

tax computed as per Section 198 of the Companies

Act, 2013 and accordingly the performance metric for

payment of commission is profit before tax.

The details of remuneration paid for the financial year

ended 31.03.2022 are as follows:

(a) Name (b) Designation (c) Salary and perquisites (`)

(d) Commission (`) (e) Total (`)

(a) Mr. K M Mammen (b)

Managing Director of the Company

in terms of Regulation 17(6)(e)(i) of Listing Regulations, 2015.:

Managing Director of the Company

in terms of Regulation 17(6)(e)(i) of Listing Regulations, 2015.

Resolution No. 3 - Approval to continue payment of

remuneration as per terms currently in force to Mr Rahul

Mammen Mappillai, in his capacity as: Managing

letter of appointment to

all the Independent Directors. The terms and conditions of

their appointment have been disclosed on the Company’s

website under the web link: https://www.mrftyres.com/

downloads/download.php?filename=Terms-and-Condiions-

of-Appointment-of-Independent-Directors.pdf

During the year, a meeting of the Independent Directors

was held as prescribed under applicable Listing Regulations

and the Companies Act, 2013. In the opinion of the Board,

Independent Director(s) fulfills the conditions specified in the

Listing Regulations and are Independent of the Management.

(i)

As required under the Listing Regulations, the Board of

Directors have identified the following core skills / expertise

/ competencies as required in the context of its business and

sector for it to function effectively.

Core skills / expertise / competencies

General Business / Industry awareness

Functional Knowledge / General Management /

Administration

Communication and collaborative approach

The Board collectively has the abovementioned skills /

expertise / competence. The names of directors and the skills

they possess are given below:

Name of the Director

General

Business/

Industry

awareness

Functional

knowledge/

General

Management/

Administration

Communication

and

Collaborative

approach

Mr. K M Mammen







Mr. Arun Mammen







Mr. Rahul Mammen

Mappillai







Mr Samir Thariyan

Mappillai







Mr. Varun Mammen







Mr. Ashok Jacob







Mr. V Sridhar







Mr. Vijay R Kirloskar







Mr. Ranjit I Jesudasen







Dr. Salim Joseph

Thomas





:

Managing Director and Mr. Madhu

P Nainan, Vice President Finance, have certified to the Board

regarding the financial statements for the financial year ended

31st March, 2022 in accordance with Regulation 17(8) of Listing

Regulations.:

Managing Director

Date: 10th May, 2022

DIN: 00020202:

Managing Director, Tel. No. : +91 44 28292777,

E-mail Id : mrfshare@mrfmail.com

b)

Mr. Arun Mammen (DIN : 00018558), Vice Chairman

and: Managing

Managing Director and the Vice Chairman

&: Managing

Managing Director

10th May, 2022

DIN: 00020202:

Managing Director

Chennai

Hyderabad

Chennai

DIN: 00020202

Dated 10th May, 2022:

Managing Director

Chennai

Hyderabad

Chennai

DIN: 00020202

Dated 10th May, 2022:

Managing Director

Chennai

Hyderabad

Chennai

DIN: 00020202

Dated 10th May, 2022:

Managing Director

Chennai

Hyderabad

Chennai

DIN: 00020202

Dated 10th May, 2022:

Managing Director

ii)

Mr. Arun Mammen, Vice Chairman and: Managing Director

iii)

Mr. Rahul Mammen Mappillai, Managing Director

iv)

Mr. Samir Thariyan Mappillai, Whole-time Director

v)

Mr. Varun Mammen, Whole-time Director

vi)

Mr. S. Dhanvanth Kumar, Company Secretary

vii) Mr. Madhu P Nainan, Vice President Finance

Close Members of the family of KMP :

i)

Mrs. Ambika Mammen, Director (Wife of

Letter No.TU/IV-RD/118/2021 dated 20th October, 2021.

i.

Terms of Repayment and Security Description of Borrowings: (Refer Note 11)

a)

Current Borrowings

i)

ECB (Unsecured) from the HSBC Bank

USD 45 Million availed in December, 2017 is for capital expenditure. Interest is payable at a rate equal to the six months BBA LIBOR plus

margin of 0.80% payable half yearly (Previous year- six months BBA LIBOR plus margin of 0.80%). The said Loan is fully hedged and is

repayable in one full installment in December, 2022.

ii)

Loans repayable on demand from banks are secured by hypothecation of Inventories and book debts, equivalent to the outstanding amount

and carries interest rates at the rate of 3.80% to 6.85% (Previous year - 6.60% to 8.85%).

The quartely returns filed by the Company with banks, against borrowings on the basis of security of current asset, are in agreement with the

books of accounts and there are no material discrepancies.

b)

Non Current Borrowings

i)

Indian Rupee Term Loan (Unsecured) from the HSBC Bank

a) Indian Rupee Term Loan of ` 150 Crores availed in February, 2019 is for capital expenditure. Interest is payable at a rate equal to the three

months T-Bill rate plus a margin of 1.49% (Previous year - 1.49%) payable monthly. The said Loan is repayable in one full installment in

February, 2024.

b) Indian Rupee Term Loan of ` 150 Crores availed in July, 2021 is for capital expenditure. Interest is payable at a rate equal to the three

months T-Bill rate plus a margin of 1.33% payable monthly. The said Loan is repayable in three equal annual installment in July, 2025/

July, 2026/ July, 2027.

ii)

Indian Rupee Term Loan (Unsecured) from the HDFC Bank

a) Indian Rupee Term Loan of ` 300 Crores availed in June, 2020 is for capital expenditure. Interest is payable at a rate equal to repo rate plus

a margin of 1.7% payable monthly. The said Loan is repayable in three equal annual installment in June, 2024/June, 2025/June, 2026.

b) Indian Rupee Term Loan of ` 150 Crores availed in June, 2021 is for capital expenditure. Interest is payable at a rate equal to repo rate

plus a margin of 0.75% payable monthly. The said Loan is repayable in three equal annual installment in June, 2025/June, 2026/June, 2027.:

Managing Director

Chennai

Hyderabad

Chennai

DIN: 00020202

Dated 10th May, 2022:

Managing Director

Chennai

Hyderabad

Chennai

DIN: 00020202

Dated 10th May, 2022:

Managing Director

Chennai

Hyderabad

Chennai

DIN: 00020202

Dated 10th May, 2022:

Managing Director

Chennai

Hyderabad

Chennai

DIN: 00020202

Dated 10th May, 2022:

Managing Director

Chennai

Hyderabad

Chennai

DIN: 00020202

Dated 10th May, 2022:

Managing Director

ii) Mr. Arun Mammen, Vice Chairman and: Managing Director

iii) Mr. Rahul Mammen Mappillai, Managing Director

iv) Mr. Samir Thariyan Mappillai, Whole time Director

v)

Mr. Varun Mammen, Whole time Director

vi) Mr. S. Dhanvanth Kumar, Company Secretary

vii) Mr. Madhu P Nainan, Vice President Finance

Close Members of the family of KMP

i)

Mrs. Ambika Mammen, Director (Wife of

Managing Director

Chennai

Hyderabad

Chennai

DIN: 00020202

Dated 10th May, 2022:

Managing Director

Chennai, Dated 10th May, 2022

DIN: 00020202:

