Dear Shareholders,

It is my privilege to write to you to present the

Annual Report for FY22. I hope this: letter finds you

in good health.

Recent history has been relentless with the global

pandemic, military conflict, growing inequality, supply

chain shortages and more. Decades of experience has

been squeezed into two dizzying years. Businesses have

had to cope with this unprecedented sequence of events

with speed and agility. While these changes have had

a serious impact on businesses and communities, they

have also accelerated some important trends for the

future viz. i) Energy transition – irreversible move to green

mobility, ii) Supply Chain Transition – rebalancing of supply

chains to become resilient, iii) Digital transition – Artificial

Intelligence and Machine Learning becoming mainstream

and iv) Talent transition – coming of age of the Talent

Cloud – a diverse, inclusive, global talent pool that can be

accessed remotely.

FY22 was a busy year for your Company as it navigated

these challenges to successfully strengthen the

fundamentals of the business. Global wholesales increased

by 20% to 1,086,734 vehicles and revenues stood at

`278,454 crore, 11.5% higher as compared to FY21. EBIT

margin stood at 0.7%, 190 bps lower as compared to FY21

due to impact of commodity inflation and semiconductor

shortages, although we saw a sequential recovery.

Free cash flow (automotive) in the year was negative at

`9,472 crore (as compared to positive `5,317 crore in FY21),

primarily due to adverse working capital. The business

showed strong sequential recovery with positive free cash

flow (automotive) of `11,916 crore in H2 of FY22.

Despite the margins being impacted by supply chain issues

and runaway commodity inflation, our India business

ended with strong free cash flows of `1,879 crore. We are

committed to restoring the profitability of this business as it

returns to competitive growth and inflation stabilises.

Tata Motors Group is now operating as three independent

business units of Commercial Vehicles, Passenger Vehicles

and Jaguar Land Rover, offering differentiated value

propositions to their different customer segments whilst

leveraging backend and corporate synergies where possible.

This has made Tata Motors lean, nimble and customer

centric. Each of these businesses are self-sustaining which

gives me the confidence that we will get to near zero net

automotive debt by FY24.

Commercial Vehicles: In Commercial Vehicles, our

offerings of smart, future ready mobility solutions with

the lowest TCO (Total Cost of Ownership) have been well

received. We launched over 80 new products and 120

variants across segments, to cater to the evolving needs of

seamless cargo and people transport across sub segments

and applications. We gained domestic market share in all

segments vs FY21 – M&HCV to 58.2% (+10 bps), ILCV to

49.0% (+310 bps), Buses and Vans to 44.8% (+420 bps)

and turned around SCV to 39.1% (+160 bps), to record a

consolidated 44.9% (+250 bps). The Commercial Vehicles

segment volumes grew by 37% in FY22, revenues grew

by 58%, while EBIT margins improved by modest 130 bps,

affected by the sharp commodity inflation.

Passenger and Electric Vehicles: The Passenger Vehicles

segment was once again the standout performer during

the year. Preference for our ‘New Forever’ range of vehicles

continues to rise and we introduced over 25 new products

and variants to lead in the fastest growing market

Tata Motors Group is now operating as three

independent business units of Commercial Vehicles,

Passenger Vehicles and Jaguar Land Rover, offering

differentiated value propositions to their different

customer segments whilst leveraging backend and

corporate synergies where possible.

segments. Our “Reimagine PV” strategy to rejuvenate the

front-end sales system, dealership network and customer

experience, is delivering excellent results. PV recorded its

highest ever domestic annual sales of 3,70,354 units in

FY22. Overall domestic market share increased to 12.1%

(+390 bps vs FY21) and further to 13.4% in Q4 FY22.

The Passenger Vehicles segment grew volumes by 67%,

revenues by 90% and EBIT margins improved by 750 bps

with positive free cash flows in FY22. In Electric Vehicles,

new records were set every quarter to register the highest

ever annual EV sales of 19,105 units in FY22 (up 353% vs

FY21) with penetrations touching 7.4% by Q4 FY22.

During FY22, we operationalised two subsidiaries: Tata

Motors Passenger Vehicles Ltd to focus on passenger

vehicles powered by IC engines and Tata Passenger

Electric Mobility Limited to focus on accelerating the

passenger EV business and its enabling ecosystem. We

entered into a definitive agreement with TPG Rise Climate

for them to invest `7,500 crore ($1.0B) in the passenger

EV business to secure a 11% - 15% shareholding in

this business.

Jaguar Land Rover: Jaguar Land Rover has embarked

on the “Reimagine” journey to embrace an “electric

future” and transform into a digitally-savvy, modern luxury

business delivering strong financial results.

During the year, we saw the successful global launch of

the award-winning New Range Rover, while customer

deliveries of the Land Rover Defender continued across 94

markets, with 107,208 units sold by the end of FY22.

The global shortage of semiconductors had a

disproportionately adverse impact on Jaguar Land Rover’s

production and sales compared to our competitors.

Even though we took various steps to address the issue,

the situation continues to remain challenging. This is a

key issue facing Jaguar Land Rover and we are working

assiduously to address the same during FY23. This should

aid a gradual recovery in performance through the year.

The Company delivered a resilient performance during the

year despite a fall in revenues by reducing its breakeven

to 320,000 units. While production and sales remained

significantly constrained, the business continued to see

strong demand for its products, with global retail orders at

record levels thanks to strong demand for Defender and

New Range Rover.

Revenue fell 7% to £18.3 billion, whilst the Company's

EBIT margins fell to negative 0.4 %, with lower volumes

impacting working capital in the first half of the financial

year resulting in a free cash outflow of £1.2 billion.

Retail sales declined 14% for the year.

Looking beyond the near-term challenges outlined

above, Jaguar Land Rover is in a strong position with a

portfolio of attractive premium luxury products, a healthy

customer order bank, low break-evens, and the right future

ready strategy to support its distinctive and renowned

British brands in a rapidly changing legislative and

commercial landscape.

Sustainability: Our roadmap to Net Zero

The shift to sustainable mobility is irreversible and the

Tata Motors Group will be amongst the leaders of green

mobility globally as we target Net Zero emissions (Scope 1,

2 and 3) by 2039 for Jaguar Land Rover 2040 for PVs and

2045 for CV and actions are already underway to deliver

the same.

Jaguar Land Rover: The Jaguar brand will become fully

electric by 2025 and Land Rover shall have 6 BEVs by

2026. 60% of Jaguar Land Rover’s volumes will be pure

BEV vehicles by 2030.

Passenger Vehicles: In India, EV penetration in our

portfolio is likely to increase further to 25% in 5 years from

7.4% as of Q4 FY22. By 2025 Tata Motors will have 10 EVs.

The unveil of the long range “Nexon EV Max”, showcase

of “CURVV” Electric SUV concept and the unveil of the

“AVINYA” concept, a pure EV based on GEN3 architecture,

show the exciting possibilities ahead of us.

Commercial Vehicles: We launched ACE EV, the last mile

connectivity vehicle that garnered 39,000 orders on the

day of the launch from marquee e-commerce customers.

“Tata UniEVerse”: As a Tata Group, we will proactively

set up the charging infrastructure across the country. The

Group is also actively exploring partnerships in battery

cell manufacturing in India and Europe to secure our EV

supply chain.

In summary: Tata Motors is taking concerted actions to

be future ready and create a virtuous cycle of growth and

returns for our shareholders. I would like to welcome you

on this journey. While the near-term outlook is fluid with

multiple challenges that I outlined above, the business

is taking the right actions to navigate them, and I am

confident that we will emerge stronger.

I would like to take this opportunity to thank all our

employees for their immense contributions in these trying

times. I would also like to thank you shareholders for your

continued trust and support.

Dear Shareholders,

I hope this: letter finds you in good health.

FY22 was a turnaround year for the Indian Commercial

Vehicle (CV) industry, which had been significantly

impacted for the past few years due to the COVID-19

pandemic, changes in regulatory norms, liquidity crunch

and GDP slow down. All these had reduced CV volumes

by as much as 50% from its peak of FY19 over the last

two fiscals.

The promising signs of growth in FY22 were, hence,

welcome, especially as they were broad-based and

supported by a set of strong fundamentals with a steady

recovery in the economy, rising industrial and mining

activity, higher infrastructure spending, buoyancy in

e-commerce, resilient agriculture, reopening of offices

and schools as well as marked improvements in

consumer sentiment.

Being the industry leader, Tata Motors spearheaded

the CV growth to gain a higher market share in each

of the four segments-M&HCV, I&LCV, SCV & Buses.

While the domestic CV industry grew by 26%, Tata

Motors CV domestic sales grew by 33%, gaining 250

bps market share vs last year. This is the result of

focused turnaround efforts over the last few years,

towards strengthening the fundamentals–superior

products, revamped sales and service capabilities,

agile operations, a resilient supply chain and

performance culture with a capable and engaged

employee base.

In FY22, the pandemic resurgence and the global

shortage of semiconductors posed multiple challenges.

Proactive adoption of a holistic ‘Business Agility

Plan’ enabled the business to protect the interests

of the customers, dealers, and suppliers. To manage

semiconductor shortages, our teams focused on

developing innovative alternatives, validating, and

implementing them in record time to minimise the

impact on production. Agility and flexibility have

been two clear themes that helped us grow ahead of

the industry.

To fulfil the growing demand for more efficient and

greener mobility solutions, we introduced 80+ new

models and 120+ variants for passenger and cargo

transportation catering to varied duty cycles and special

applications. It is heartening to see that the new BSVI

range of products are leading the market by delivering

best-in-class operating economics, superior comfort and

convenience, and enhanced connectivity.

The CV business added 130+ sales and 370+ service

touchpoints across the country to serve its customers

better. With the introduction of smaller format sales

and service outlets (SCV micro dealers, and container

workshops) and digitally-enabled feet-on-street (Tata

Gramin Mitra and Local Mechanics) the Company is

sharpening its rural outreach.

The CV electrification journey started with intracity

public transport, encouraged by the Government’s

push via the FAME incentives. Today, Tata Motors has

established a countrywide presence with more than

Being the industry leader, Tata Motors

spearheaded the CV growth to gain a higher

market share in each of the four segments-

M&HCV, I&LCV, SCV & Buses. While the

domestic CV industry grew by 26%, Tata

Motors CV domestic sales grew by 33%,

gaining 250 bps market share vs last year.

645 EV buses running across 9 cities, with a cumulative

running of more than 36 Mn kms. The recent launch of

the Tata Ace EV marks a huge leap forward in e-cargo

transportation. Going ahead, we are working with a

clear roadmap of migration towards green mobility

across prioritised segments in a phased manner.

The CV business has also taken small yet significant

steps to develop capability in smart-city e-mobility via

a pay-per-use model, where we own, operate, maintain

e-buses. Tata Motors is already operating over 400

buses under this model, with more than 95% uptime,

a favourable operating cost structure for STUs and

a superior travel experience for the commuters. To

enable flawless execution, Tata Motors is carving out a

separate subsidiary “TML Smart City Mobility Solutions

Ltd.” which will help us build competitive advantage to

tap into the significant growth potential in this area.

The thrust on digitalisation gained pace on both

frontend and operations. The connected vehicle

platform, Fleet Edge now has more than 200K

connected vehicles serving 85K+ customers. With

E-Dukaan, we created an online marketplace

for spare parts. And, through the E-guru mobile

application we made information sharing and lead-

management simpler for the front-end sales staff.

Implementation of Industry 4.0 has been initiated across

manufacturing locations.

The greatest asset of a company is its people, and

therefore Tata Motors’ human resource strategy has

been centred on talent, capability and culture. People

policies and practices have been revisited to hire, retain

and engage the best talent; we are investing to enhance

capability of workforce across levels in domains related

to ‘Connected, Electric, Shared and Safe’ (CESS), which

are shaping auto industry. We, at Tata Motors, have also

co-created the culture credo ‘More When One’ which

embodies our resolve to Be Bold, Own It, Solve Together

and Be Empathetic in everything we do

Joining the global efforts to address climate change,

Tata Motors has outlined its sustainability strategy and

a definitive action plan towards Net Zero. E-mobility

and usage of 100% renewable energy will be the

initial key steps towards carbon footprint reduction.

Development of Registered Vehicle Scrapping Facilities

through a franchise model is being initiated to

support Government’s intent and overall objectives of

circular economy.

In FY22, unprecedented commodity inflation

impacted the CV business margins. Our teams have

responded to this challenge by accelerating and

intensifying cost reduction efforts, reviewing every

cost element and taking pricing actions, towards

profitability improvement. Improving profitability is an

important priority.

With most macro indicators turning positive, the road

ahead looks promising despite near term challenges

of fuel price inflation, increased interest rates and

commodity inflation that would need to be navigated.

However, Tata Motors is well prepared for it, and I am

confident that the business will continue to strengthen

and be future-ready in line with its strategy to “Win

Decisively”.

I take this opportunity to acknowledge the contributions

of the team members, channel partners and supplier

partners. Their achievements, collectively and

individually, amidst tough times make me proud. I also

take this opportunity to thank you for your continuing

interest, commitment and support to Tata Motors.

Managing Director - TMPV & TPEM: Dear Shareholders,

FY22 has been yet another challenging year for the

Passenger Vehicle industry. Returning to the growth

track in FY22 after two years of decline, the industry

wholesale grew by just 13% vis-à-vis FY21 and retails

remained flat vis-à-vis FY21. Post the strong recovery in

Q4 FY21, growth was impacted in Q1 FY22 owing to the

second wave of COVID. Q2 onwards, demand recovered,

however semiconductor unavailability, sharp rise in

commodity prices, geopolitical tensions restricted the

industry from unleashing the full growth potential.

At Tata Motors, FY22 has been a record-breaking year for

the PV and EV business. This was achieved despite the

challenging external environment. The business staged

a strong delivery for the second consecutive year and

posted an industry beating growth of more than 65%.

The PV and EV business was able to achieve life time high

on key metrices of volumes, revenue, EBITDA and FCF.

Excellent response received for our “New Forever”

range has been the backbone of our success. All the

products have performed equally well to help business

achieve market beating growth. Business achieved

multiple milestones such as surpassing highest ever

yearly sales, becoming the # number 1 SUV brand in H2

with Nexon being crowned as the highest sold SUV for

the year, establishing leadership in High SUV segment

with Harrier and Safari and establishing Punch as a

successful 10,000 units per month brand.

In the Cars segment, the portfolio was strengthened

with a unique value proposition of having multiple

powertrain options–Petrol, CNG for Tiago and Petrol,

CNG and Electric for Tigor. On the back of such a

comprehensive range of options, Tigor sales are at the

highest ever in its history, since 5 years of its launch.

EV business continues to grow by leaps and bounds

and has consolidated the market position with a market

share of 87% in FY22. On the back of strong product line

up and increasing demand from both personal and fleet

segments, EV sales volumes have increased by more

than 350% to 19,105 units vis-à-vis FY21.

While products have been at the centre of our growth,

several other measures were undertaken to unlock

the growth potential. Focused, digital-led global and

hyperlocal marketing initiatives were undertaken to

improve the share of voice which resulted in NPS score

improvement from 28 to 35 between FY20 and FY22.

Health of channel partners was improved with a mix of

policy changes, meticulous demand supply coordination

and disciplined working capital management. As a

result, almost 100% of the channel partners are now

profitable. In addition, network optimisation exercise

ensured presence in key markets and in high demand

zones. Concrete actions to improve customer experience

resulted in significant improvement in sales and service

complaints per thousand vehicles (CPTV) scores.

Improvement in product quality has been one of the

focus areas for last two years. Owing to continued thrust

FY22 has been a record-breaking year

for Tata Motors’ PV and EV business. This

was achieved despite the challenging

external environment.

on improvement of in-house and supplier quality with

new initiatives such as ‘L1-L2-L3’ level actions in value

chain, ‘Built in Quality’, “Project Samrpit”, the product

quality measures of 3MIS, 6MIS and 12MIS (Month in

Service) have improved significantly.

Expeditious ramping up of supply to meet the demand

has been the key differentiator for the business over

last two years. Business faced multiple headwinds

which include shortage of electronic components

owing to semiconductor shortage, steep rise in prices

of commodities such as steel and precious metal,

intermittent halting of supplier operations in multiple

COVID-19 waves and higher absenteeism owing to

COVID-19 infection. Not only did we overcome these

challenges but we also completed the huge task of

capacity expansion across all our manufacturing sites to

support the massive work done on the demand creation

side. In addition, strong cost reduction effort through an

institutionalised process allowed business to increase

the contribution margin in a phase where commodity

prices increased significantly. All these efforts have been

recognised by the industry as we received the 'Best

Manufacturer of the Year' in the top industry awards.

The sheer commitment of the team to “make it happen,

come what may” has enabled the business to scale

newer heights.

As we return to normalcy, the industry is projected

to grow and might reach closer or even surpass

the peak that was achieved. Tata Motors’ team is

focused on further strengthening its market position,

competitiveness, and brand position in the market. We

have clearly defined key thrust areas to continue the

growth momentum. The first of these includes, driving

superior customer experience through “Reimagining2.0”

initiatives across front end. While our effort in the past

year has helped us in reducing complaints per thousand

vehicles and turnaround time, we continue to strive to

improve. Second is readying the Company for future

competitiveness. This would include new product

technologies, electrification, digital transformation and

architecture innovations that enable us to leapfrog.

Third is expanding our capacities to meet the rising

demand. We are operating at a utilisation levels which

are highest in the last decade; however, we need to

reduce operational wastes, enhance productivity and

stabilise our operations for consistency and quality. We

also need to enhance our capacities to fully leverage the

strong demand generation as we expand our portfolio

in electric vehicles and new models in ICE. Fourth is

to continue focus on profitability enhancement and

cash generation actions. This has been driven in the

Company as a key culture change for the past few years

and we shall strengthen this even further. Finally, and

most importantly, we are committed to building a safe

working environment for all our employees.

We are geared up for the exciting future ahead. The

opportunity is NOW and on behalf of the team, I assure

you that both your companies, TMPV and TPEM will

scale newer heights in the years to come.

Dear Shareholders,

FY22 has been a year of foundational delivery against

our ‘Reimagine’ strategy - our roadmap to accelerate

our transformation into a Modern Luxury business, with

its supporting transformation plan, ‘Refocus’. We are

ready to do more and go faster.

This progress has been achieved in extraordinary

circumstances, with our operations disrupted by the

ongoing effects of COVID-19 restrictions as well as the

industry-wide global semiconductor supply shortage.

While the situation is gradually improving, and we can

build more of the cars our customers are waiting for, the

repercussions on our results in FY22 are clear.

We are monitoring the Ukraine/Russia conflict very

closely. We have witnessed a rapidly developing

humanitarian crisis in Ukraine and its neighbouring

countries. Our primary concern remains for the

wellbeing of our workforce, as well as those within our

extended network. I have been profoundly humbled

by the compassionate response of colleagues across

our business, both directly helping individual families

and supporting the ongoing work of the International

Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies.

that have delivered a return of over £300 million value to

our business this fiscal year.

Refocus also drives our quality transformation, to realise

benchmark levels of customer satisfaction. We have

seen positive impacts across all our key quality metrics,

reflected in improving positions for our brands and

products in key customer surveys.

New leadership appointments have strengthened our

executive team as we push to bring to life more of our

vision, sooner.

François Dossa, appointed to the role of Executive

Director, Strategy & Sustainability, will build our

capabilities in sustainability, new mobility services and

digitalisation, creating new opportunities in connectivity

and clean mobility, establishing control points on the

new value chain and driving our strategy towards

technology leadership.

Lennard Hoornik joined as Chief Commercial Officer, to

head all our brand and product marketing and

go-to-market strategy.

By the end of March 2022, we had

received more than 45,500 customer

orders for the New Range Rover.

Alongside sustained, significant

demand for the Land Rover Defender,

this made a record order book during

the year, and of course we expect

demand to remain very strong

Thomas Müller, our new Executive Director of

Product Engineering, brings invaluable insight in agile

principles, advanced driver assistance systems and

autonomous driving.

Reimagine also sees us collaborating with leaders in

their fields. I was delighted to announce a partnership

with NVIDIA - the world leader in artificial intelligence,

computing, connected car services, and automated

and autonomous driving systems. Together, we can

accelerate our in-vehicle software strategy, delivering

Modern Luxury experiences and enabling a true

leapfrog in automotive technology.

As we transform our business, at pace and amid intense

external pressures, I am deeply proud of the resilience,

energy and unity of our people.

Thanks to their commitment, as well as to our growing

ecosystem both within and beyond the Tata Group, we

have the ingredients to reimagine Jaguar Land Rover

and realise its unique potential.

Best regards,

Thierry Bolloré

Integrated Report 2021-22

26

27

108-231

Statutory

Reports

232-458

Financial

Statements

6-107

Integrated

Report

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter and spirit of the Tata Code of Conduct and any other

affiliated norms that are observed within the Company.

Enhancing Board efficacy

Key skills, expertise and diversity that the

Board carries

Our Board comprises qualified members who bring in

relevant skills, competence and expertise that help to

guide and shape the Company’s competitive position and

strategic way forward. The mix of skills available with the

Board are very diverse and range across entrepreneurial

and leadership oriented, engineering and technology,

finance, global business, as well as well-entrenched

experience in the automobile industry and in leading

mergers and acquisitions. There is great diversity also in

terms of age, years of experience within the organisation

and gender, and this enriches their insights.

9

12

1

8*

1**

FY22

FY21

FY20

12

Sexual harassment cases

(nos.)

Received

Closed

*Complaint raised on March 9, 2022 is open and

enquiry is going on.

**Withdrawn by complainant, therefore closed.

112

148

132

85

94

FY22

FY21

FY20

92

Whistle-blower cases

(nos.)

Received

Closed

Guiding the value-creation process

The Board guides and oversees our value-creation

process. The principal areas it focuses on are:

• Directing, supervising and controlling the

performance of the Company

• Reviewing whether the Company is progressing as

per strategic plans

• Monitoring the responsibilities delegated to

Board Committees, to ensure proper and

effective governance and to control of the

Company’s activities

• Establishing and closely monitoring the risk

management process of the organisation

• Closely monitoring the financial, as well as the

non-financial or ESG performance aspects of

the Company

Evaluation of effectiveness

In keeping with the global best practices for maintaining

robust internal controls and governance standards, our

Board of Directors are also subject to evaluation and the

criteria that are used for evaluating their performance

are explained below:

• Composition and structure

• Effectiveness of Board meetings, processes,

information flow and coordination with

executive management

• Individually, Directors are evaluated as per their:

– Contribution to the Board and Board Committee

meetings

– Preparation on the issues to be discussed

– Both number of meetings attended as well as, the

nature of their contributions in these meetings

Committees & meetings

Board

Corporate Social

Responsibility

Committee

Stakeholder’s

Relationship

Committee

Allotment

Committee

Audit

Committee

Risk Management

Committee

Nomination &

Remuneration

Committee

Safety, Health and

Sustainability

100%

Attendance

3

Members

5

Meetings

100%

Attendance

3

Members

3

Meetings

90%

Attendance

9

Members

8

Meetings

100%

Attendance

4

Members

3

Meetings

100%

Attendance

4

Members

7

Meetings

100%

Attendance

4

Members

3

Meetings

100%

Attendance

3

Members

3

Meetings

100%

Attendance

4

Members

3

Meetings

Integrated Report 2021-22

78

79

108-231

Statutory

Reports

232-458

Financial

Statements

6-107

Integrated

Report

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

('MD') of the Company was extended from February 15, 2021 to

June 30, 2021 and Mr Girish Wagh (DIN: 03119361) was appointed

as an Executive Director of the Company for a the period of 5 (five)

years, i.e., from July 1, 2021 to June 30, 2026.

The Members at the AGM held on July 30, 2021 had approved the

aforesaid appointment/re-appointment and payment of minimum

remuneration in case of inadequacy of profit or no profit in any

financial year.

At the forthcoming AGM approval of the Members will be sought

to the following appointment:

-

Mr Al-Noor Ramji (DIN: 00230865) as an Additional and

Non-Executive (Independent) Director of the Company, not

liable to retire by rotation, for a tenure of 5 (five) years w.e.f

May 1, 2022, subject to approval of Members at this AGM. He

shall hold office as an Additional Director upto the date of this

AGM and is eligible for appointment as a Director.

-

Mr Om Prakash Bhatt (DIN: 00548091) as a Non-

Executive (Independent) Director of the Company, not

liable to retire by rotation, for the second term i.e. from

May 9, 2022 to March 7, 2026. He shall hold office as an

Additional Director upto the date of this AGM and is eligible

for appointment as a Director.

-

Ms Hanne Sorensen (DIN: 08035439) as a Non-Executive

(Independent) Director of the Company, not liable to retire by

rotation, to hold office for the second term of 5 (five) years,

i.e. from January 3, 2023 to January 2, 2028, subject to

approval of Members at this AGM.

In accordance with provisions of the Act and the Articles of Association

of the Company, Mr Mitsuhiko Yamashita, (DIN: 08871753),

Non-Executive (Non-Independent) Director retires by rotation at the

ensuing AGM and being eligible offers himself for re-appointment.

The disclosures required pursuant to Regulation 36 of the SEBI

Listing Regulations and the Secretarial Standards on General

Meeting ('SS-2') are given in the Notice of this AGM, forming part

of the Annual Report.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

*

*

9

Mr Girish Wagh (6)

Executive Director

*

*

III

Key Managerial Personnel

1

Mr P B Balaji

Chief Financial Officer

N.A

36.02**

2

Mr Maloy Kumar Gupta (7)

Company Secretary

N.A

*

3

Mr Hoshang Sethna (8)

Company Secretary

N.A

*

* Since the remuneration of these Directors/KMPs is only for the part of the year/previous year the ratio of their remuneration to median and increase

in remuneration is not comparable.

** Previous year remuneration excludes performance inventive which was voluntarily not accepted by Mr P B Balaji due to Covid-19 pandemic.

@ includes commission which is payable on obtaining shareholder’s approval, being sought at the ensuing AGM.

Notes:

1)

As a policy, Mr N Chandrasekaran, Chairman, has abstained from receiving commission from the Company and hence not stated.

2)

Appointed as an Independent Director of the Company with effect from October 27, 2020.

3)

Appointed as an Independent Director of the Company with effect from September 16, 2020, but underwent change in designation to Non

Independent Non-Executive Director with effect from October 27, 2020.

4)

Appointed as a Non-Executive & Non-Independent Director of the Company with effect from October 27, 2020. Mr Bolloré is not paid any

remuneration or sitting fees for attending Board and Committee meetings of the Company in view of his role as Chief Executive Officer and Director

of Jaguar Land Rover Automotive Plc.

5)

Ceased to be a CEO and: Managing

Managing Director)

1

1

* entitled to attend CSR committee meeting held during the year

3.

Web-link where Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy

and CSR projects approved by the Board are disclosed on the

website of the Company:

Weblink for Tata Motors India CSR Policy:

https://investors.tatamotors.com/pdf/csr-policy.pdf

Weblink for Tata Motors CSR Projects:

https: //w w w.t at amotors.com /corporate-social-

responsibility/#programmes

Weblink for CSR Board Committee:

https://www.tatamotors.com/about-us/leadership/

4.

Details of Impact assessment of CSR projects carried out

in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of Rule 8 of the Companies

(Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2104,

if applicable:

Not applicable to the Company, since the Company did

not meet the criteria specified under Section 135(5) of the

Companies Act, 2013.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter of even date which is

annexed as Annexure A and Forms an integral part of this report.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an

opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and process as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the

contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial

records. We believe that the process and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4.

Where ever required, we have obtained the Management Representation about the Compliance of laws, rules and regulations and

happening of events etc.

5.

The Compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of

management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedure on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness

with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Parikh & Associates

Company Secretaries

P. N. Parikh

Partner

FCS No: 327 CP No: 1228

Place: Mumbai

UDIN:F000327D000306820

Date: May 12, 2022

PR No.: 1129/2021

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director in any

listed entity. Furthermore, none of the Whole-time Directors of the

Company serves as ID in more than 3 listed entities. In accordance

with Regulation 26 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, none of the

Directors is a member of more than 10 committees or act as

chairperson of more than 5 committees [the committees being,

Audit Committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee]

across all public limited companies in which he/she is a Director.

All Non-Independent Non-Executive Directors (‘NINEDs’) are

liable to retire by rotation.

The required information, including information as enumerated

in Regulation 17(7) read together with Part A of Schedule II of

the SEBI Listing Regulations is made available to the Board of

Directors, for discussions and consideration at Board Meetings.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director; ED – Executive Director

(1) Excludes directorship in the Company, private companies, foreign companies, Section 8 companies.

(2) Pertains to memberships/chairpersonships of the Audit Committee and Stakeholders' Relationship Committee of other Indian public companies as per

Regulation 26(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations.

(3) Ceased to be the CEO & MD of the Company on June 30, 2021 and was appointed as an consultant for the period July 1, 2021 to March 31, 2022. The Number

of Directorships, Committee positions and shareholding details are as on the date of his cessation.

(4) Appointed as the Executive Director of the Company with effect from July 1, 2021.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter of confirmation after due

verification. The Executives of the Registrar are empowered to

approve transfer of shares and debentures and other investor

related matters. All investor service requests, including grievances

received from investors and other miscellaneous correspondence

on change of address, mandates, etc. are processed by the

Registrars within the statutory time limit.

In terms of the SEBI Listing Regulations, securities of the Company

can only be transferred in dematerialised form. Requests for

dematerialisation of securities are processed and confirmation

thereof is given to the respective depositories, that is the National

Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) and the Central Depository

Services India Limited (CDSL), within the statutory time limit from

the date of receipt of share certificates/: letter of confirmation after

due verification.

The following compliances pertain to share transfers, grievances,

etc.:

(1)

Pursuant to Regulation 7(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations,

certificates are filed with the stock exchanges on half yearly

basis by the Compliance Officer and the representative of

the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent for maintenance of

an appropriate share transfer facility.

(2)

Pursuant to Regulation 13 of the SEBI Listing Regulations,

a statement on pending investor complaints is filed with the

stock exchanges and placed before the Board of

letter issued to IDs detailing

the broad terms and conditions of their appointment.

https://investors.tatamotors.com/pdf/Terms-of-

Appointment-ID.pdf

Board Committees The composition of various committees of the Board

https://www.tatamotors.com/about-us/

leadership/

Tata Code of

Conduct

Represents the values and core principles that guide the conduct of

every Tata business. The Code lays down the ethical standards that

Tata colleagues need to observe in their professional lives.

a) For Whole-time Directors & Employees

https://www.tatamotors.com/wp-content/

uploads/2015/10/09042523/tata-code-of-

conduct1.pdf

b) For NINEDs and IDs

https://investors.tatamotors.com/pdf/ned-id.pdf

Whistleblower

Policy (Vigil

Mechanism)

The Whistleblower policy has been formulated for Directors and

employees of the Company to report concerns about unethical behavior,

actual or suspected fraud or violation of the Tata Code of Conduct.

https://investors.tatamotors.com/pdf/whistle-

blower-policy.pdf

Policy on Related

Party Transactions

(1)

The Company has in place a Policy on Related Party Transactions

setting out: (a) the materiality thresholds for related parties; and (b) the

manner of dealing with transactions between the Company and related

parties, including omnibus approvals by Audit Committee based on the

provisions of the Act and Regulation 23 of the SEBI Listing Regulations.

https://investors.tatamotors.com/pdf/rpt-policy.

pdf

Policy for

determining

Material

Subsidiaries

This policy is determine material subsidiaries and material non-

listed Indian subsidiaries of the Company and to provide governance

framework for them.

https://investors.tatamotors.com/pdf/material.pdf

Familiarisation

Programme

For IDs through various programmes/ presentations.

https://investors.tatamotors.com/pdf/

familiarisation-programme-independent-

directors.pdf

Unpaid Dividend

Account Details

Statement of unclaimed and unpaid amounts to be transferred to the

IEPF.

https://www.tatamotors.com/investors/iepf/

Corporate Social

Responsibility

Policy

The policy outlines the Company’s strategy to bring about a positive

impact on society through programmes focusing on Health, Education,

Employability and Environment interventions for relevant target

groups, ensuring diversity and giving preference to needy and

deserving communities inhabiting urban India.

https://investors.tatamotors.com/pdf/csr-policy.

pdf

Audit Committee

Charter

Inter alia outlines the terms of reference, composition, quorum, meeting

requirements, authority and responsibility of the Audit Committee of

the Company.

https://investors.tatamotors.com/pdf/audit_

committee_charter.pdf

Policy for

Approval of

Services to be

rendered by the

Auditors

For the Audit Committee to oversee the services rendered by the

Auditors to the Tata Motors Group and the payment for the said services

so as to ensure that the Auditors function in an independent manner.

https://www.tatamotors.com/investors/pdf/

auditfee-policy.pdf

Policy on

determination

of Materiality

for Disclosure

of Event /

Information

This policy pursuant to the Regulation 30 of the SEBI Listing Regulations

applies to disclosures of material events affecting the Company and

its subsidiaries. This policy is in addition to the Company’s corporate

policy.

https://investors.tatamotors.com/pdf/materiality.

pdf

Content Archiving

Policy

The policy pursuant to the Regulation 9 of the SEBI Listing Regulations

provides guidelines for archiving corporate records and documents as

statutorily required by the Company.

https://investors.tatamotors.com/pdf/content-

archiving-policy.pdf

Code of Corporate

Disclosure

Practices

This policy is aimed at providing timely, adequate, uniform and

universal dissemination of information and disclosure of Unpublished

Price Sensitive Information outside the Company in order to provide

accurate and timely communication to our shareholders and the

financial markets.

https://investors.tatamotors.com/pdf/

CodeCorporateDisclosure.pdf

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter of comfort to Bank of China, Shanghai Branch for RMB 5 billion (`5,977.00 crores as at March 31, 2022) against loan

granted by the bank to Jaguar Land Rover (China) Investment Co. Ltd.

(4) The Company has given a: letter of comfort to State Bank of India, Bahrain for USD 100 milion (`757.89 crores as on March 31, 2022) against Credit Facility

given to TML Holding PTE Ltd., Singapore and a letter of comfort to Bank of Baroda, London for GBP 100 milion (`994.23 crores as on March 31, 2022)

against the SBLC Facility extended to TML Holding PTE Ltd., Singapore.

(5) The Company has given a letter of comfort to Citi Corp International for USD 425 milion (`3,221.02 crores as on March 31, 2022) given to TML Holding PTE

Ltd., Singapore against ECB Bonds.

(6) The Company has given a letter of comfort to Unicredit S.P.A., Italy for EUR 1.5 milion (` 12.63 crores as on March 31, 2022) against Credit Facility given to

Trilix S.R.L. The Company will not dilute its stake in Trilix S.R.L. below 51% during the tenor of the facility.

7.

INVESTMENTS IN JOINT ARRANGEMENT:

(i) Fiat India Automobiles Private Limited conversion of Joint operation to Joint venture:

Certain of the Company’s activities were condutcted through joint operation namely Fiat India Automobiles Private Limited (“FIAPL”).

FIAPL manufactures certain models of passengers cars and powertrains used in the passenger cars.

Pursuant to the Scheme of Arrangement between the Company and Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited (TMPVL), the PV

undertaking of the Company has been transferred as a going concern, on a slump sale basis effective January 1, 2022. The economic

benefits arising out of the assets of FIAPL has been transferred to TMPVL, whilst the ownership of equity shares of FIAPL continues

to be retained by Tata Motors Limited and thus the above arrangement has been classified as joint venture effective January 1, 2022

in the financial statements. Accordingly, the proportionate net assets and liabilities as at January 1, 2022 has been considered as

deemed cost of investment in joint venture in the financial statements.

The following tables sets out the summarised financial information of Fiat India Automobiles Private Limited :

(` in crores)

As at

January 1,

2022

Non-Current Assets

2,225.30

Current Assets

2,252.15

Total Assets

4,477.45

Non-Current Liabilities

569.92

Current Liabilities

1,572.89

Total Liabilities

2,142.81

Investments in joint venture (Fiat India Automobiles Private Limited)

2,334.64

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

Managing Director is `16.97 crores and `20.58 crores for the year ended March 31, 2022

and 2021, respectively. This compensation for the year ended March 31, 2022, includes `9.63 crores of performance bonus and long

term incentive for the year ended March 31, 2021, approved in the quarter ended June 30, 2021. This compensation for the year ended

March 31, 2021, includes ` 2.83 crores of performance bonus and long term incentive for the year ended March 31, 2020, approved in

the year ended March 31, 2021.

The compensation of Executive Director is `3.34 crores for the year ended March 31, 2022.

* Excludes provision for encashable leave and gratuity for certain key management personnels as a separate actuarial valuation is not

available.

Refer note 45 for information on transactions with post employment benefit plans.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director is `16.97 crores and `20.58 crores for the year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

This compensation for the year ended March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021, includes `9.63 crores and `2.83 crores of performance bonus and long term

incentive for the year ended March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2020, approved in the quarter ended June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020, respectively.

The compensation of Executive Director is `3.34 crores for the year ended March 31, 2022.

The compensation of CEO at Jaguar Land Rover is `37.18 crores and `49.75 crores for the year ended March 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

* Excludes provision for encashable leave and gratuity for certain key management personnel as a separate actuarial valuation is not available.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Dear Member,

NOTICE is hereby given that the Seventy Seventh Annual

General Meeting of Tata Motors Limited will be held on Monday,

July 4, 2022 at 3:00 p.m. IST through video conferencing / other

audio visual means to transact the following business:

ORDINARY BUSINESS

1.

To receive, consider and adopt the Audited Standalone

Financial Statements of the Company for the financial

year ended March 31, 2022 together with the Reports of the

Board of Directors and the Auditors thereon.

2.

To receive, consider and adopt the Audited Consolidated

Financial Statements of the Company for the financial year

ended March 31, 2022 together with the Report of the

Auditors thereon.

3.

To appoint a Director in place of Mr Mitsuhiko Yamashita

(DIN: 08871753), who retires by rotation and being eligible,

offers himself for re-appointment.

4.

Re-appointment of the Statutory Auditors

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following Resolution

as an Ordinary Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Sections 139, 142 and

other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies

Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors)

Rules, 2014 [including any statutory modification(s) or

re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force] and

pursuant to the recommendation of the Audit Committee,

M/s. B S R & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants, having Firm

Registration No. 101248W/W-100022 be and are hereby re-

appointed as the Statutory Auditors of the Company for the

second consecutive term of five years, from the conclusion

of this 77th Annual General Meeting till the conclusion of the

82nd Annual General Meeting to be held in the year 2027,

to examine and audit the accounts of the Company at such

remuneration as may be decided by the Board of Directors

in consultation with the Statutory Auditors of the Company.”

SPECIAL BUSINESS

5.

Appointment of Mr Al-Noor Ramji (DIN: 00230865) as a

Director and as an Independent Director

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following Resolution

as a Special Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT Mr Al-Noor Ramji (DIN: 00230865), who

was appointed as an Additional Director of the Company

with effect from May 1, 2022 by the Board of Directors,

based on the recommendation of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee, and who holds office upto the

date of this Annual General Meeting of the Company

under Section 161(1) of the Companies Act, 2013

(‘Act’) [including any statutory modification(s) or

re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force] and

Article 132 of the Articles of Association of the Company,

and who is eligible for appointment and in respect of whom

the Company has received a notice in writing under Section

160(1) of the Act from a Member proposing his candidature

for the office of Director, be and is hereby appointed as a

Director of the Company.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to the provisions of

Sections 149, 150, 152 and other applicable provisions,

if any, of the Act read with Schedule IV to the Act and the

Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors)

Rules, 2014, Regulation 17 and other applicable regulations

of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’), as amended from time

to time, the appointment of Mr Al-Noor Ramji, that meets

the criteria for independence as provided in Section 149(6)

of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing

Regulations and who has submitted a declaration to that

effect, and who is eligible for appointment as an Independent

Director of the Company, for a term of five years, i.e., from

May 1, 2022 to April 30, 2027 (both days inclusive) and who

would not be liable to retire by rotation, be and is hereby

approved.”

6.

Appointment of Mr Om Prakash Bhatt (DIN: 00548091) as a

Director and his re-appointment as an Independent Director

for the second term

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following

Resolution as a Special Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT Mr Om Prakash Bhatt (DIN: 00548091),

who was appointed as an Additional Director of the Company

effective May 9, 2022 by the Board of Directors, based on

the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee, and who holds office upto the date of this Annual

General Meeting of the Company under Section 161(1) of

the Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’) [including any statutory

modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being

in force] and Article 132 of the Articles of Association of the

Company, and who is eligible for appointment and in respect

of whom the Company has received a notice in writing

under Section 160(1) of the Act from a Member proposing

his candidature for the office of Director, be and is hereby

appointed as a Director of the Company.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to the provisions of

Sections 149, 150, 152 and other applicable provisions,

if any, of the Act read with Schedule IV to the Act and the

Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors)

Rules, 2014, Regulation 17 and other applicable

regulations of the Securities and Exchange Board of

India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’), as

amended from time to time, the re-appointment of

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Letter etc.

by clicking on ‘Upload Board Resolution/Authority: Letter‘

displayed under ‘e-Voting‘ tab in their login .

6.

Only registered Members (including the holders of ‘A’

Ordinary Shares) of the Company may attend and vote at the

AGM through VC/OAVM facility. The holders of the American

Depositary Receipts (‘ADR’) of the Company shall not be

entitled to attend the said AGM. However, the ADR holders

are entitled to give instructions for exercise of voting rights at

the said Meeting through the Depositary, to give or withhold

such consent, to receive such notice or to otherwise take

action to exercise their rights with respect to such underlying

shares represented by each such ADR. A brief statement, as

to the manner in which such voting instructions may be given,

is being sent to the ADR holders by the Depositary.

7.

In case of joint holders, the Member whose name appears as

the first holder in the order of names as per the Register of

Members of the Company will be entitled to vote at the AGM.

8.

Members attending the AGM through VC/OAVM shall be

counted for the purpose of reckoning the quorum under

Section 103 of the Act.

9.

The Members can join the AGM in the VC/OAVM mode

15 minutes before and after the scheduled time of the

commencement of the Meeting by following the procedure

mentioned in the Notice. The facility of participation at the

AGM through VC/OAVM will be made available to at least

1,000 Members on a first come first served basis as per

the MCA Circulars. This will not include large shareholders

(shareholders holding 2% or more shareholding), Promoter/

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

letter,

etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized

signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer

by email to tml.scrutinizer@gmail.com with a copy marked

to evoting@nsdl.co.in.



It is strongly recommended not to share your password

with any other person and take utmost care to keep your

password confidential. Login to the e-voting website

will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key

in the correct password. In such an event, you will need

to go through the ‘Forgot User Details/Password?’ or

‘Physical User Reset Password?’ option available on

www.evoting. nsdl.com to reset the password.



In case of any queries/grievances pertaining to

remote e-voting (prior to and/or during the AGM),

you may refer to the Frequently Asked Questions

(‘FAQs’) for Shareholders and e-voting user manual for

Shareholders available in the ‘Downloads’ section of

www.evoting.nsdl.com.

H.

INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING AGM

THROUGH VC / OAVM

i.

Members will be provided with a facility to

attend the AGM through VC/OAVM through the

NSDL e-voting system. Members may access by

following the steps mentioned above for access

to NSDL e-voting system. After successful login,

you can see link of ‘VC/OAVM link’ placed under

‘Join General meeting’ menu against the Company

name. You are requested to click on VC/OAVM link

placed under Join General Meeting menu. The link

for VC/OAVM will be available in Shareholder/

Member login where the EVEN of Company will

be displayed. Please note that the Members who

do not have the User ID and Password for e-voting

or have forgotten the User ID and Password

may retrieve the same by following the remote

e-voting instructions mentioned in the notice to

avoid last minute rush.

ii.

Members are encouraged to join the Meeting

through laptops for better experience. Further

Members will be required to allow camera and

use internet with a good speed to avoid any

disturbance during the Meeting. Please note

that participants connecting from mobile devices

or tablets or through laptop connecting via

mobile hotspot may experience audio/video loss

due to fluctuation in their respective network.

It is therefore recommended to use stable

Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate any kind of

aforesaid glitches.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

as well as Mr Aasif Malbari, Chief

Financial Officer and KMP of TPEML are

also Directors on the Board of FIAPL.

Their interest or concern or that of their

respective relatives, is limited only to the

extent of their holding directorship / KMP

position in TPEML and FIAPL.

None of the Directors or KMP of TPEML is

Director or KMP of TPEPL.

Mr Shailesh Chandra,: Managing

