letter dated May 4, 2022, we wish to inform you that 59th Annual General Meeting

(“AGM”) of the Company will be held on Monday, June 27, 2022 at 10:30 a.m. IST through Video

Conference / Other Audio-Visual Means, in accordance with the General Circular dated January 13, 2021

read with General Circulars dated April 8, 2020, April 13, 2020, May 5, 2020, No.02/2021 dated January 13,

2021, 19/2021 dated December 8, 2021, and 21/2021 dated December 14, 2021, issued by the Ministry of

Corporate Affairs (‘MCA Circulars’) and Circular dated May 13, 2021 issued by the Securities and Exchange

Board of India (‘SEBI Circulars’).

Pursuant to Regulations 30 and 34 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations &

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), we are submitting herewith the

Integrated Annual Report of the Company for FY 2021-22 including the Business Responsibility Report

together with the Notice of 59th Annual General Meeting of the Company, which is being sent through

electronic mode today to those Members whose e-mail addresses are registered with the Company/

Registrar & Share Transfer Agent / Depository Participant(s), in accordance with the MCA Circulars and SEBI

Circulars.

Pursuant to Regulation 42 of the Listing Regulations, the Register of Members and Share Transfer Books of

the Company will be closed from Saturday, June 11, 2022 to Friday, June 17, 2022 (both days inclusive)

for determining the entitlement of equity shareholders to the dividend for the financial year ended March

31, 2022, if approved by the Shareholders at the 59th AGM. The payment of such dividend, subject to

deduction of tax at source, will be made on or after June 29, 2022 and before July 27, 2022.:

Managing Director’s

supervision, has reviewed the Report's

content. The Board has provided the

required governance oversight.

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

STRATEGY

VALUE CREATION

GOVERNANCE

6 – Who we are and what

we do

8 – Our Presence

10 – Product portfolio

12 – Brand highlights

18 – Awards and accolades

2 – Theme introduction

3 – Value created for stakeholders

22 – Chairman’s: letter

24 – Message from the

MD and CEO's desk

28 – Business review

32 – Key performance review

36 – Operating context

38 – Our approach to value creation

40 – Value creation and business model

42 – Integrated thinking across capitals

44 – Stakeholder engagement

46 – Materiality

50 – Risk management

56 – Company strategy

58 – Strengthen and accelerate

core business

64 – Drive digital and innovation

70 – Unlock synergies

74 – Explore new opportunities

82 – Create a

future-ready organisation

86 – Embed sustainability

100 – Governance framework

101 – Board discussions

and activities

102 – Business ethics

and compliance

104 – Board of

Chairman's letter

P A G E 2 2 —

ON

COURSE:

letter

BUILT

FOR GROWTH: Dear Shareholders,

I am pleased to present to you the Integrated Annual

Report of Tata Consumer Products for FY 21-22.

Just over two years ago, we formed Tata Consumer

Products with the vision of becoming a formidable

player in the FMCG industry. This gave us a much

larger addressable market and created several exciting

opportunities for growth. The last couple of years

have seen unprecedented challenges in the form of

the pandemic, geopolitical flareups and overall, a very

volatile macro environment with wide-ranging impact

on people, economies and businesses. We, as an

organisation have used this period to strengthen our

capabilities, build innovative thinking and agility, and

enhance our focus on efficiencies; all in the interest of

creating a growth company. This mindset has helped

your Company deliver strong overall performance for

this fiscal across all metrics and kept us firmly on track

to achieving our vision.

As I had shared with you in last year’s Annual Report,

we had identified six strategic priorities for the business.

These priorities are key building blocks that power the

Company’s growth agenda, and I am pleased to report

that we have made substantial progress against each of

these during the course of this year. Progress was made

on expanding our distribution significantly, accelerating

the pace of innovation, redesigning our supply network,

and driving digital transformation across the value

chain. We are investing in these capabilities for the

long term and I am confident that these will catapult us

towards our goals.

One of the exciting opportunities before us is to

understand consumer trends and leverage them to

expand our portfolio and drive our future growth. The

integration of the targeted acquisitions we made in the

last fiscal to accelerate this agenda has been completed

with speed, and this year the product portfolio of the

Company has been further strengthened with the

addition of ready-to-eat products. There have also

been several launches across the Foods and Beverages

portfolio, catering to consumer needs around health and

wellness, taste and convenience, which also helped us

expand our total addressable market. We continued to

invest behind all these initiatives to ensure that these

will act as growth engines for the future.

We are streamlining and simplifying our business to be

more agile and efficient, and unlock its full potential.

Restructuring initiatives are being undertaken in India

and International markets and as part of that,

we recently announced a re-organisation plan to

combine Tata Coffee’s business into Tata Consumer

Products. This exercise is expected to bring similar

businesses in the two companies together, create

dedicated verticals to drive focus and result in revenue

synergies and operational efficiencies.

As you will read across this Report, our approach to

value creation extends to all stakeholders, and we

remain steadfast in our commitment to raising the bar

on sustainability and corporate social responsibility. Our

programmes related to sustainable sourcing, natural

resource management, circular economy, and community

empowerment, are now an integral part of our strategy

and progressing well.

Our employees remain our most valued asset, and

we are constantly striving to build an engaged and

progressive workforce. During the year, we launched

several initiatives to foster health and wellness, as

well as diversity and inclusion; and we continued to

strengthen programmes around recognition as also

learning and development.

Making meaningful progress during such a challenging

year would not have been possible without the tireless

efforts of each of our employees and the support from

their families. I would like to thank them all for their

contributions. I am also grateful to you, our shareholders,

for your continued faith, support and confidence in our

Company and look forward to realising our long-term

vision for Tata Consumer Products.

Warm Regards

N. Chandrasekaran

Managing Director of the leading global

IT solution and consulting firm. Under his

leadership, TCS generated total revenues

of USD 16.5 billion in FY 15-16 and

consolidated its position as the largest

private-sector employer in India and the

country’s most valuable company.

In addition to his professional career

at Tata, Mr. Chandrasekaran is on

the International Advisory Council of

Singapore’s Economic Development

Board. He is the Chairman of the Indian

Institute of Management, Lucknow as

well as the President of the Court at the

Indian Institute of Science, Bengaluru. He

Mr. Siraj Chaudhry

Independent Director

Mr. Puri is the: Managing Director of

Pidilite Industries Limited since April

2015, having joined the Board of Pidilite

Industries Ltd as an Independent Director

in 2008. Mr. Puri has been a successful

global business leader who has built,

energised, and led diverse teams across

numerous geographies in both developed

and developing markets.

N

S

C

R

A

BOARD

OF DIRECTORS

is a member of Bocconi’s International

Advisory Council and the Co-Chair of the

India US CEO Forum. He is on the Board

of Governors of the New York Academy

of Sciences and has been elected as an

International Member of the United States

National Academy of Engineering (NAE).

Mr. Chandrasekaran has been conferred

with the Padma Bhushan, one of the

highest civilian awards in India, in the

field of trade and industry in 2022. He

has been awarded several honorary

doctorates by leading Universities in

India and internationally, including

an honorary Doctor of Letters from

Macquarie University, Australia, an

honorary Doctor of Science by the Aligarh

Muslim University, and a Doctor of Letters

from the Regional Engineering College,

Trichy, Tamil Nadu, where he completed a

Master's degree in Computer Applications

before joining TCS in 1987.

Mr. Chandrasekaran is the author of

Bridgital Nation, a ground-breaking book

on harnessing technological disruptions

to bring Indians closer to their dreams.

Mr. Chandrasekaran is an avid

photographer and a passionate long-

distance marathon runner. He has

completed the World Marathon Majors.

It includes the marathons in New

York, Boston, Chicago, Berlin, Tokyo

and London.

Born in 1963, Mr. Chandrasekaran lives in

Mumbai, with his wife Lalitha.

He started his career with Asian Paints

in 1982 and rose to becoming the Head

of Sales & Marketing. He moved to

Cadbury India as Director of Sales &

Marketing in 1998 and was appointed

its Managing Director in 2002. He has

held senior leadership positions in Sales,

Marketing and General Management at

the regional and global levels, culminating

in him becoming the Global President

- Chocolates, Gum, and Candy for

Mondelez International.

Mr. Siraj Chaudhry has worked

extensively with industry, the social

sector, and the government on

transformational and numerous nation-

building projects. He has over 34 years

of experience in building, turning around,

acquiring, and divesting businesses. In his

current role as Managing Director & CEO

of NCML, he is leading the organisation

into greater diversification and expanding

the company footprint across the country

as a trusted and preferred agri supply

chain and solutions company.

Mr. Chaudhry was the

Managing Director and CEO of

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company

from December 2000 to June 2009. Later

she was appointed as the Managing

Director and CEO of Axis Bank from June

2009 to December 2018.

Dr. K.P. Krishnan served in the Indian

Administrative Service (IAS) for 37

years. In his IAS career, he served in

various positions in the Government

of Karnataka, the Government

of India, and the World Bank. He

superannuated from the IAS in 2019 as

Secretary to the GOI in the Ministry of

Skill Development & Entrepreneurship.

In parallel with his government

career, Dr. Krishnan has been a

strong researcher and academic.

Besides being visiting faculty at IIM

Bengaluru, ISB, and Ashoka University,

he held the prestigious Bok Visiting

Professorship of Regulation at the

University of Pennsylvania Law School

in FY 12-13. He has served as the

IEPF Chair Professor of Economics at the

National Council of Applied Economic

Research (NAER) New Delhi. At present,

he is Honorary Research Professor at

the Centre for Policy Research (CPR)

New Delhi.

He is an Independent Director on the

Boards of Shriram Capital Limited and

Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited.

Dr. Krishnan was educated in Economics

at St. Stephens College and studied

Law at the Campus Law Centre

University of Delhi. He joined IIM

Bengaluru in 1999 and was awarded

FPM (Ph.D.) in Economics at the 2003

graduation ceremony.

Ms. Sharma has won many awards,

including Outstanding Businesswoman of

the Year - CNBC TV18, AIMA JRD TATA

Corporate Leadership, Banker of the

Year - Business Standard, and has been

recognised among the Top 20 Women

in Finance by Finance Asia and 50 Most

Powerful Women in Business by Fortune.

She is on the Board of public listed

companies viz. Tata Consumer Products

Limited, Ambuja Cements Limited, Tech

Mahindra Limited, Mahindra & Mahindra

Limited, Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited,

and Piramal Enterprises Limited. She is

also an Advisor to Piramal Enterprises

Limited, Google India Digital Services

Private Limited, NextBillion Technology

Private Limited, Bahaar Foundation - a

unit of Akshati Charitable Trust and a

Member of the Board of Governors of

IIM, Lucknow.

Ms. Shikha Sharma

Independent Director

N

C

R

A

Dr. K.P. Krishnan

Independent Director

Mr. Sunil D’Souza is the Managing

Director & CEO of Tata Consumer since

April 2020. Prior to this, he served as the: Managing Director of Whirlpool India

Ltd. for over four years and is credited

with having turned Whirlpool into a

remarkable growth story in India. Prior

to joining Whirlpool, he spent around 15

years at PepsiCo, where he held several

leadership roles, handling commercial

aspects of the company’s foods and

beverages portfolio and successfully

Mr. L. Krishnakumar is the Executive

Director and Group CFO of Tata

Consumer Products. He started his

career as a management consultant with

A. F. Ferguson and Co. in India and the

Middle East. He subsequently worked

with Larsen and Toubro Ltd. across

multiple functions as General Manager,

Finance where he gained experience in

of engineering, information technology,

shipping and more.

In 2000, Mr. Krishnakumar joined the

Tata Group in the hotel business as Vice

President – Finance and was appointed

Senior Vice President - Finance of the

leading the business in a large cluster

of Asian countries. He began his career

at Hindustan Unilever in 1993. With 29

years of rich experience, he has strong

domain knowledge of the consumer

products business with distinct focus on

strategy, growth and execution.

Mr. D'Souza is an engineering graduate

from the University of Madras and

an alumnus of the Indian Institute of

Management, Calcutta (IIM-C).

erstwhile Tata Tea in India in 2004.

During his tenure, he has handled

different roles for the Company in India

and the UK.

He is a Director on the Board of

NourishCo Beverages, Tata Starbucks,

and several of the Company’s overseas

subsidiaries in addition to Infiniti Retail.

He has also been a member of the finance

forums of CII and Bombay Chamber.

Mr. Krishnakumar is a qualified Chartered

Accountant, Cost Accountant and a

Company Secretary.

Mr. Sunil D’Souza

Managing Director & CEO

E

S

Mr. L . Krishnakumar

Executive Director & Group CFO

E

S

Mr. David Crean was the Vice

President of Corporate R&D and Chief

Science Officer at Mars Incorporated,

Virginia, USA. He held global roles

across all Mars business segments

contributing to science strategy,

delivery, research practices, policies,

innovation as well as quality and food

safety standards. He has held a variety

of senior leadership positions at Mars,

including that of Chief Science Officer

2018 onwards. His earlier roles also

included European Food R&D Director

at MasterFoods (Mars Food) Europe in

the Netherlands, where he was jointly

responsible for turning around Mars’

European Food business into a highly

profitable enterprise. He also held the

role of R&D Director at Mars Poland. He

was a key player in commissioning three

new factories in Poland, launching 70+

Mars products, developing local supply

chains, and establishing a local Polish

team. He has over three decades of

experience in technology and R&D.

He was a Member of the Board of the

Partnership for Aflatoxin Control in Africa

and a panelist at events organised by the

UN and the WHO on World Food Security

and Food Safety.

Mr. Crean graduated with a bachelor's

degree in Applied Biology in 1982 from

Liverpool Polytechnic

Mr. David Crean

Independent Director

A

C

Audit Committee

A

Nomination and Remuneration

Committee

N

Committee

Managing Director of

Whirlpool India Ltd. for over four years and is credited with having

turned Whirlpool into a remarkable growth story in India. Prior

to joining Whirlpool, he spent around 15 years at PepsiCo, where

he held several leadership roles, handling commercial aspects of

the company’s foods and beverages portfolio and successfully

leading the business in a large cluster of Asian countries. Sunil

began his career at Hindustan Unilever in 1993. With 29 years

of rich experience, he has strong domain knowledge of the

consumer products business with distinct focus on strategy, growth

and execution.

Mr. Sunil is an engineering graduate from the University of Madras

and an alumnus of Indian Institute of Management, Calcutta (IIM-C).

Sunil D’Souza: Managing Director & CEO

Amit Chincholikar joined Tata Consumer Products in September

2018 and was appointed Global CHRO in December 2018. He moved

from Tata Sons where he was Senior Vice President – Group Human

Resources. Amit has been with the Tata Group since 2010 prior to

which he has worked with Aditya Birla Group and Mercer Consulting

across all HR domains, including mergers and integration, HR

strategy, talent, learning, compensation and business partnership

roles. Amit has also worked in several geographies across the world

and has lived in India, Singapore and the US. In his current role, Amit is

also responsible for and drives the key agendas of Sustainability and

Business Excellence across Tata Consumer Products.

Amit is a post-graduate from Symbiosis Institute of Business

Management. He graduated in science with specialisation in statistics

and operations research from the University of Mumbai.

Amit Chincholikar

Global Chief Human Resources Officer

T. V. Swaminathan joined Tata Consumer Products in March 2021 as

Global Chief Digital Officer (CDO) to chart out and execute a digital

roadmap for the company. His responsibilities also include enabling

the business using digital, enhancing analytical capabilities and

leading the development of a digital vision and value proposition.

With 24 years of experience, Swami was previously with Nissan

Motors, Japan, as Chief Digital Officer. Prior to this, he has held

multiple leadership roles across various businesses in General Electric

(GE) and has also been a part of Accenture and Servion Global

solutions during his career.

Swami is a post-graduate in computer applications with a bachelor’s

in computer science.

T V Swaminathan

Global Chief Digital Officer

Gharry Eccles joined Tata Consumer Products in January 2022 as

President - International Business and is based in London. In this

role, he is responsible for the business performance of international

markets, including the development of a strong portfolio of brands,

improved business growth and profitability, driving new products

and innovation, and executing on new growth opportunities across

markets and regions.

With over 3 decades of rich experience in consumer products,

Gharry was previously with Cereal Partners Worldwide– a joint

venture between Nestle and General Mills, where he was the Vice

President, with business responsibility for the UK, Ireland, Australia

and New Zealand covering over 1,000 employees, 3 factories and

2 R&D centres. Prior to this, he held various leadership positions

across organisations such as PZ Cussons PLC, Muller Dairy

Ltd, The Wrigley Company and Kimberly Clarke, Europe. He is a

post-graduate in marketing from Kingston Business School.

Gharry Eccles

President, International Business

Deepika Bhan joined Tata Consumer Products in May 2021, as

President - Foods Business. Prior to this, she spent 15 years at

Hindustan Unilever Ltd., most recently as the Global Brand Director

where she led the brand development, innovation and communication

agenda for the Hair Care portfolio for South Asia.

Having worked on leadership assignments across Sales & Marketing,

Deepika brings her rich experience and expertise in brand crafting

and communication, driving innovation, building new categories and

P&L management combined with a strong understanding of frontline

sales. She is particularly passionate about building brands and

business with purpose at its heart.

Deepika is an Economics (Hons) graduate from St. Xavier’s’ College

and holds a master’s degree in business administration from Xavier

Institute of Management, Bhubaneswar, Odisha.

Deepika Bhan

President, Packaged Foods (India)

Ajit Krishnakumar joined Tata Consumer Products in January 2020

as Chief Operating Officer and is responsible for business integration

and transformation as well as the integrated India operations

and B2B businesses. Prior to this, Ajit was a Senior Vice President

in the

Managing Director & CEO,

Tata Consumer Soulfull Pvt. Ltd.

Punit joined Tata Consumer Products in April 2021 and leads the

Strategy and M&A function. He is responsible for driving the overall

strategy for a sustainable and profitable growth mandate, as well as

delivery of new businesses and acquisitions. Punit has over 16 years of

experience across operational and consulting roles, including leading

and delivering large-scale, complex transformation engagements

across India, APAC, Europe and North America. Prior to Tata Consumer,

Punit headed business strategy for Samsung Electronics for South-

West Asia, driving strategic initiatives for the smartphone and the

consumer durables businesses. Punit started his career in operational

roles with Asian Paints and Hindustan Unilever Ltd., where he

managed large sales teams across India, spanning more than 40 FMCG

product categories like decorative paints, home and personal care, and

foods and beverages. During his strategy consulting assignments with

Accenture and A.T. Kearney, Punit led 30+ CXO-level engagements

with cross-functional teams across the globe.

Punit is a Mechanical Engineer from Delhi College of Engineering and

holds an MBA from XLRI, Jamshedpur.

Punit Gupta

Senior Vice President,

Strategy and M&A

Vikram Grover joined Tata Consumer Products in 2011 as Marketing

Head for South Asia and has played a key role in achieving several

milestones for the Company’s Branded Tea business in India. Now

he leads the subsidiary, NourishCo Beverages. Prior to this, Vikram

worked across sales, marketing and strategy at Hindustan Unilever

Ltd. in India and in Unilever France and Indonesia holding significant

roles such as Global Strategy and Brand Director.

He holds an MBA from the Indian Institute of Management,

Calcutta (IIM-C) and a bachelor’s degree from Punjab Engineering

College, Chandigarh.

Vikram Grover: Managing

Managing Director & CEO,

b)

Mr. L. Krishnakumar, Executive Director & Group CFO,

c)

Mr. John Jacob, Chief Financial Officer, and

d)

Mr. Neelabja Chakrabarty, Company Secretary.

Pecuniary relationship or transactions with the Company

During the year under review, the Non-Executive

Directors of the Company had no pecuniary relationship

or transactions with the Company, other than sitting fees,

commission, and reimbursement of expenses incurred by

them for the purpose of attending meetings of the Board/

Committee(s) of the Company.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND MEETINGS

The Board of Directors

The Board of the Company is comprised of eminent

persons with proven competence and integrity. Besides the

experience, strong financial acumen, strategic astuteness,

and leadership qualities, they have a significant degree of

commitment towards the Company and devote adequate

time to the meetings and preparation. In terms of the

requirement of the Listing Regulations, the Board has

identified core skills, expertise, and competencies of the

Directors in the context of the Company’s businesses for

effective functioning, which are detailed in the Corporate

Governance Report.

Committees of the Board

As required under the Act, and the Listing Regulations,

the

Company

has

constituted

the

following

statutory committees:

1)

Audit Committee

2)

Nomination and Remuneration Committee

3)

Stakeholders Relationship Committee

4)

Risk Management Committee

5)

Corporate Social Responsibility & Sustainability

Committee:

Managing Director &

CEO, Executive Director, KMP, Senior Management, and

other employees are paid a fixed salary which includes

basic salary, allowances, perquisites, and other benefits

and also annual incentive remuneration/performance-

linked incentive subject to achievement of certain

performance criteria and such other parameters as may

be considered appropriate from time to time, by the NRC

and the Board. The performance-linked incentive is driven

by the outcome of the performance appraisal process and

the performance of the Company.

Remuneration for Independent Directors and Non-

Independent, Non-Executive Directors

The Non-Executive Directors, including Independent

Directors, are paid sitting fees for attending the

meetings of the Board and Committees of the Board.

As per the policy, the overall remuneration (sitting fees

and commission) should be reasonable and sufficient

to attract, retain and motivate Directors aligned to the

requirements of the Company including considering the

challenges faced by the Company and its future growth

imperatives. The remuneration should also be reflective of

the size of the Company, the complexity of the business,

and the Company’s capacity to pay the remuneration.

The Company pays a sitting fee of ` 30,000 per meeting

per Director for attending meetings of the Board,

Audit, Nomination and Remuneration, and Executive

Committees.

For

Risk

Management,

Stakeholder’s

Relationship, Corporate Social Responsibility & Sustainability

Committees, and other special Board committees, a sitting

fee of ` 20,000 per meeting per Director is paid. The

Company also paid sitting fees of ` 30,000 per meeting

per Independent Director for attending the Independent

Directors’ meeting.

Within the ceiling as prescribed under the Act, the Non-

Executive Directors including Independent Directors

are also paid a commission, the amount whereof is

recommended by the NRC and approved by the Board. The

basis of determining the specific amount of commission

payable to a Non- Executive Director is related to his

attendance at meetings, role, and responsibility as

Chairman or Member of the Board / Committees, and

overall contribution as well as time spent on operational

matters other than at the meetings. The Members of

the Company had approved payment of commission

to the Non-Executive Directors at the Annual General

Meeting held on July 5, 2018, for each financial year to

be distributed among the Directors in such manner as

the Board of Directors may, from time to time, determine

within the overall maximum limit of 1% (one percent) per

annum of net profit or such other percentage as may be

specified by the Act, from time to time. No Stock option

has been granted to any Non-Executive Director.

As a policy, Mr. N. Chandrasekaran, Chairman, has

abstained from receiving commission from the Company.

Further, in line with the internal guidelines of the

Company, no payment is made towards commission to:

letter of appointment is given to the Director, inter

alia, explaining the role, duties, and responsibilities of

the Director. The Director has also explained in detail the

compliances required from him/her under the Act, SEBI

Regulations, and other relevant regulations.

By way of an introduction to the Company, presentations

are also made to the newly appointed Independent

Director on relevant information like an overview of the

Company’s businesses, market and business environment,

growth and performance, organizational set up of the

Company, governance and internal control processes.

Ongoing familiarisation aims to provide insights into the

Company and the business environment to enable all the

Independent Directors to be updated on newer challenges,

risks, and opportunities relevant to the Company’s

context and to lend perspective to the strategic direction

of the Company.

Familiarisation programme for the Independent Directors

along with the details of familiarisation programmes

imparted

to

Independent

Director

during

and

cumulative upto FY 2021-22 is placed on the Company’s

website and the same can be accessed at the link:

https://www.tataconsumer.com/corporate-governance/

compliances-and-filings.

BOARD DIVERSITY

The Company recognizes and embraces the importance

of a diverse board in its success. The Company believes

that a truly diverse board will leverage differences

in thought, perspective, knowledge, skill, regional

and industry experience, cultural and geographical

background, age, ethnicity, race, and gender, which will

help the Company to retain its competitive advantage.

The Board has adopted the Board Diversity Policy (as a

part of the Policy on Nomination, Appointment & Removal

of Directors) which sets out the approach to the diversity

of the Board of Directors. The Policy is available on the

website of the Company at https://www.tataconsumer.

com/investors/policies.

INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROL SYSTEMS AND THEIR ADEQUACY

The Board has adopted policies and procedures for

the governance of orderly and efficient conduct of its

business, including adherence to the Company’s policies,

safeguarding its assets, prevention, and detection of

frauds and errors, accuracy and completeness of the

accounting records, and timely preparation of reliable

financial disclosures. The Company’s internal control

systems are commensurate with the nature of its

business, the size and complexity of its operations and

such internal financial controls concerning the Financial

Statements are adequate.

The Company has a strong and independent in-house

Internal Audit (“IA”) department that functionally

reports to the Chairman of the Audit Committee, thereby

maintaining its objectivity. The remediation of deficiencies

by the IA department has resulted in a robust framework

for internal controls and details of which are provided in

the Management Discussion and Analysis Report. Further,

Statutory Auditors in its report expressed an unmodified

opinion on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of

the Company’s internal financial controls over financial.

AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Committee has adopted a Charter for its functioning.

The primary objective of the Committee is to monitor

and provide effective supervision of the Management’s

financial reporting process, to ensure accurate and timely

disclosures, with the highest levels of transparency,

integrity, and quality of financial reporting.

As on March 31, 2022, the Committee comprises Dr. K. P.

Krishnan (Chairman), Mr. Bharat Puri, Ms. Shikha Sharma,

and Mr. Siraj Chaudhry. During the year under review, Mr. S

Santhanakrishnan, Non-Executive, Independent Director,

ceased as Member and Chairman of the Committee w.e.f.

October 12, 2021 and Mr. P.B. Balaji had stepped down

as a member of the Committee w.e.f. August 3, 2021.

Dr. K.P. Krishnan was appointed as a member as well as

Chairman of the Committee effective October 22, 2021.

The Committee met 8 (eight) times during the year under

review, the details of which are given in the Corporate

Governance Report.:

Managing Director & CEO

(DIN 07194259):

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. My responsibility is

to express an opinion on these secretarial records based on my audit.

2.

I have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that

correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. I believe that the processes and practices, I followed provide a

reasonable basis for my opinion.

3.

I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, I have obtained the management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the

responsibility of management. My examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy

or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Dr. Asim Kumar Chattopadhyay

Practising Company Secretary

FCS No. 2303

Certificate of Practice No. 880

Peer Review – 792/2020

Date: 4th May, 2022

Place: Kolkata

ANNEXURE A:

Managing Director & Chief

Executive Officer (‘CEO’) of the Company.

During the year under review, Dr. K. P. Krishnan has

been appointed as the Non-Executive, Independent

Director of the Company effective October 22, 2021,

for a term of 5 years. Mr. S. Santhanakrishnan,

Independent Director, ceased to be a Director of the

Company w.e.f. October 12, 2021, on account of the

appointment of the Firm in which he is a partner,

as the Statutory Auditors of the Promoter of the

Company. Mr. Santhanakrishnan had confirmed that

there were no other reasons for his resignation, other

than as mentioned above.:

Managing Director & CEO)

DIN: 07194259

2) Mr. L. Krishnakumar

(Executive Director & Group CFO)

DIN: 00423616

2

25

Total

8

100

*Mr. David Crean was appointed as an Additional Director in the capacity of Non-Executive, Independent Director by the Board on

May 4, 2022.

The Board periodically evaluates the need for change in its composition and size. The profile of the directors is

available on the Company’s website at https://www.tataconsumer.com/about/leadership

None of the directors of the Company are related to each other.

b.

Board meetings

During the period under review, the Board met 7 (seven) times on May 6, 2021, August 3, 2021, October 22, 2021,

November 11, 2021, February 2, 2022, March 16, 2022, and March 29, 2022, and the maximum time gap between

two board meetings was less than 120 days. The agenda and other related papers were being circulated to the

Directors in advance to enable them to take informed decisions. The minutes of the meetings of all the Board and

Committees were circulated to all the directors and are finalized incorporating the comments of the directors.

c.

Details of the attendance of directors and other directorship/committee positions, etc

The names and categories of the Directors on the Board, their attendance at the Board Meetings along with

attendance at the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) held during FY 2021-22 (through Video-Conferencing/Other

Audio-Visual Means), details of number of directorship or committee position as a member or chairperson held

by the Directors of the Company in other public companies, along with the names of the listed entities where the

person is a director indicating the category of such directorship as on March 31, 2022, are as under::

Managing Director of:

1)

Pidilite Industries Limited

Ms. Shikha Sharma

(Non-Executive,

Independent)

7

Yes

Nil

5

Nil

3

Independent Director of:

1)

Ambuja Cements Limited

2)

Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited

3)

Mahindra and Mahindra Limited

4)

Tech Mahindra Limited

Non-Executive, Non- Independent Director of:

5)

Piramal Enterprises Limited

Mr. P. B. Balaji

(Non-Executive, Non-

Independent)

7

Yes

Nil

6

Nil

5

Nil

Mr. Sunil D’Souza

(: Managing

Managing director/Executive directors

in the Company do not serve as independent

director of any listed company.

Details of equity shares of the Company held by the

Directors as on March 31, 2022, are given below:

Name

Designation

No. of

shares

Mr. N. Chandrasekaran

Chairman (Non-

Executive Director)

100,000

Mr. P. B. Balaji

Non-Executive Non-

Independent Director

285

Ms. Shikha Sharma

Independent Director

50,000

Dr. K. P. Krishnan

Independent Director

Nil

Mr. Bharat Puri

Independent Director

Nil

Mr. Siraj Chaudhry

Independent Director

Nil

Mr. Sunil D’Souza: Managing

Managing Director and

other Executive Directors. The TCoC is augmented

by several policies that help strengthen governance

practices at the Company. These policies include

the Anti Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy, Gifts

and Hospitality Policy, Whistle Blower Policy and

the Prevention of Sexual Harassment at Workplace

Policy. The Company believes in “Zero Tolerance”

for any ethical violations, in all forms or manners.

The Code lays emphasis amongst other things, on

integrity at the workplace and in business practices,

honest and ethical personal conduct, diversity,

fairness, respect etc.

A separate code of conduct applicable to the Non-

Executive Directors was adopted by the Board

which includes the Code of Conduct for Independent

Directors which suitably incorporates the duties of

independent directors as laid down in the Act.

Both Tata Code of Conduct and the Code of Conduct

for Non-Executive Directors have been posted on

the website of the Company and can be accessed

at

https://www.tataconsumer.com/corporate-

governance/compliances-and-filings.

In respect of FY 2021-22, all Board members and

Senior Management personnel of the Company have

affirmed the compliance with the code as applicable

to them and a declaration to this effect signed by the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO, Executive

director & Group CFO, Chief Operating Officer, Chief

Financial Officer, Chief Internal Auditor and the

Statutory Auditors. The Company Secretary acts as

the Secretary of the Audit Committee.

The composition of the Audit Committee (including

changes during the year) and particulars of

attendance by the members at the meetings of the

Committee held in FY 2021-22 are given below:

Name

Category of

Director

No. of

meetings

Attended

No. of

meetings

held #

Dr. K. P. Krishnan

(Chairman)$

Non-Executive,

Independent

4

4

Ms. Shikha Sharma

Non-Executive,

Independent

8

8

Mr. Bharat Puri

Non-Executive,

Independent

8

8

Mr. Siraj Chaudhry

Non-Executive,

Independent

8

8

Mr. S.

Santhanakrishnan@

Non-Executive,

Independent

3

3

Mr. P.B. Balaji*

Non-Executive,

Non-Independent

1

1

# Number of meetings held during the tenure of respective

directors

$ Inducted as a member and the Chairman of the Committee

w.e.f. October 22, 2021

* Stepped down as a member of the Committee w.e.f. August 3,

2021.

@ Ceased to be a member & Chairman of the Committee w.e.f.

October 12, 2021.

The minutes of the meetings of the Committee are

placed before and noted by the Board. During the

year, all recommendations of the Audit Committee, as

mandatorily required, were accepted by the Board.

4.

NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

In accordance with the provisions of Section 178 of

the Act and Regulation 19 of the Listing Regulations,

the Company has formed its Nomination and

Remuneration Committee (NRC), composition and

terms of reference of which are in conformity with the

said provisions. The Charter of the Committee can

be accessed on the Company’s website at the link -

https://www.tataconsumer.com/about/leadership.

a.

Brief description of terms of reference

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall

inter-alia discharge the following responsibilities:

•

Periodical review and refresh of the composition

of the Board with the objective of ensuring

that there is an optimum balance of size,

skills,

independence,

knowledge,

diversity,

and experience.

•

Support

the

Board

in

the

identification,

selection,

appointment/

reappointment,

induction,

and

development

of

Directors

(including Independent Directors) to meet the

needs of the Company.

•

devise a policy on Board diversity.

•

Support the Board in the appointment of

Senior

Management

and

key

managerial

personnel of the Company including the terms

of appointment.

•

Periodic review and recommendation of the

remuneration of the Senior Management and

key managerial personnel of the Company

•

Oversight of the HR philosophy, HR budget, HR

strategy, talent management, and succession:

Managing Director

& CEO

1

1

Mr. S

Santhanakrishnan@

Non-Executive,

Independent

2

2

#Number of meetings held during the tenure of respective directors

*Designated as Chairman of the Committee with effect from October

22, 2021.

**Inducted as a member of the Committee w.e.f. October 22, 2021.

@Cease to be the member and Chairman of the Committee w.e.f.

October 12, 2021

The minutes of the meetings of the Committee are

placed before and noted by the Board. During the

year, all recommendations of the Committee, as

mandatorily required, were accepted by the Board.

c.

Name and designation of Compliance Officer

Mr. Neelabja Chakrabarty, Company Secretary,

is the Compliance Officer for complying with the

requirements of the Listing Regulations.

d. Number of shareholders’ complaints received,

number solved to the satisfaction of shareholders,

and number of pending complaints

details

of

queries/complaints

and

other

correspondences received and attended to during FY

2021-22 in respect of equity shares are given below:

(i)

Details of Complaints received during the

year under review:

Sr.

no.

Details of Investor Complaints

No. of

complaints

l.

Number

of

Investor

Complaints

pending at the beginning of the year

0

2.

Number

of

Investor

Complaints

received during the year under review

46

3.

Number of Investor Complaints disposed

of during the year under review

46

4.

Complaints not solved to the satisfaction

of shareholders during the year

0

5.

Number

of

Investor

Complaints

Unresolved at the end of the year

0

(ii) Details of queries and requests received during

the year under review:

Details of Investor Queries/Requests

Numbers

Pending queries/requests at the beginning of

the year

179

Queries/requests received during the year

under review

6508

Queries/requests attended and replied to

during the year under review

6433

Pending queries/requests at the end of the year

254

(iii) Analysis of response time for redressing investor

correspondence, during the year under review is

as under:

Sr.

No.

Response time to Investor

Complaints & Queries/Requests

FY 2021-22

Number

%

1.

Replied within 1 to 4 days of receipt

1084

16.10

2.

Replied within 5 to 7 days of receipt

1466

21.77

3.

Replied within 8 to 15 days of receipt

2631

39.08

4.

Replied after 15 days of receipt

1298

19.28

5.

Pending at the end of the year

254

3.77

Total

6733

100:

Managing Director & CEO, Executive

director & Group CFO, Chief Operating Officer,

Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Internal Auditor.

Members of the Senior Management team also

attend the Risk Management Committee meetings,

as and when required.

The composition of the Risk Management Committee

and particulars of attendance by the members at the

meetings held in FY 2021-2022 are given below:

Name

Category of

Director

No. of

meetings

Attended

No. of

meetings

held #

Mr. Bharat Puri

(Chairman)

Non-Executive,

Independent

3

3

Ms. Shikha

Sharma

Non-Executive,

Independent

3

3

Mr. Siraj

Chaudhry

Non-Executive,

Independent

3

3

#Number of meetings held during the tenure of respective directors

The minutes of the meetings of the Committee are

placed before and noted by the Board. During the

year, all recommendations of the Committee, as

mandatorily required, were accepted by the Board.

9.

EXECUTIVE COMMITTEES

The Board has constituted an Executive Committee

to review business and strategy, long-term financial

projections and cash flows, capital/revenue budgets

and capital expenditure programmes, acquisition/

divestment,

business

restructuring

proposals,

senior management succession planning and any

other item that the Board may decide to delegate.

The Committee meets on a need basis and no

meetings were held during FY 2021-22. However,

the matters mentioned above, as and when required,

were reviewed by the Board from time to time. The

composition of the Committee as on March 31, 2022,

is given below,

Name

Category of Director/Member

Mr. Sunil D’Souza

(Chairman): Managing

Managing Director & CEO and Chief Financial

Officer (CFO) have issued a certificate according

to the provisions of Regulation 17(8) of the Listing

Regulations certifying that the financial statements

do not contain any materially untrue statement and

these statements represent a true and fair view of the

Company’s affairs. The said certificate is annexed as

Annexure 2 and forms part of the Annual Report.

16.

CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

A Compliance certificate from dr. Asim Kumar

Chattopadhyay, Practicing Company Secretary

pursuant to Schedule V of the Listing Regulations

regarding the compliance of conditions of Corporate

Governance. The said certificate is annexed as

Annexure 3 and forms part of the Annual Report.

17.

CERTIFICATE FROM PRACTICING COMPANY SECRETARY REGARDING

NON-DEBARMENT AND NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS

The Company has obtained a certificate from

Dr.

Asim

Kumar

Chattopadhyay,

Practicing

Company Secretary confirming that none of the

Directors on the Board of the Company have been

debarred or disqualified from being appointed

or continuing as Director of the Company by the

Securities and Exchange Board of India and Ministry

of Corporate Affairs or any such authority. The said

certificate is annexed as Annexure 4 and forms part

of this Annual Report.

18.

GREEN INITIATIVE

As a responsible corporate citizen, the Company

welcomes and supports the ‘Green Initiative’

undertaken by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs,

Government of India, enabling electronic delivery

of

documents

including

the

Annual

Report,

quarterly and half-yearly results, amongst others,

to Shareholders at their e-mail address previously

registered with the DPs and RTA.

Shareholders who have not registered their e-mail

addresses are requested to do the same. Those

holding shares in Demat form can register their e-mail

address with their concerned DPs. Shareholders who

hold shares in physical form are requested to register

their e-mail addresses with the RTA, by sending a: letter, duly signed by the first/sole holder quoting

details of Folio Number.

Managing Director & CEO

Chief Financial Officer

May 4, 2022

(DIN 07194259)

ANNEXURE 1 OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

DECLARATION BY THE CEO ON CODE OF CONDUCT

[as required by Schedule V of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015]

I, Sunil D’Souza,: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

(b) details of BR Head:

Name

Ms. Priya B

Designation

Associate Director – Sustainability

Telephone number

+91-80-67171200

E-mail id

Priya.b@tataconsumer.com

2.

Principle-wise (as per NVGs) BR Policy/policies

The National Voluntary Guidelines on Social, Environmental, and Economic Responsibilities of Business (NVGs)

released by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs has adopted nine areas of Business Responsibility. These briefly

are as follows:

P1: Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with Ethics, Transparency and Accountability

P2: Businesses should provide goods and services that are safe and contribute to sustainability throughout

their life cycle

P3: Businesses should promote the well-being of all employees

P4: Businesses should respect the interests of, and be responsive towards all stakeholders, especially those who

are disadvantaged, vulnerable and marginalized.

P5: Businesses should respect and promote human rights

P6: Business should respect, protect, and make efforts to restore the environment

P7: Businesses, when engaged in influencing public and regulatory policy, should do so in a responsible manner

P8: Businesses should support inclusive growth and equitable development.

P9: Business should engage with and provide value to their customers and consumers in a responsible manner.:

Managing Director & CEO

Executive Director

Membership No. 039826

(DIN 07194259)

(DIN 00423616)

John Jacob

Neelabja Chakrabarty

Mumbai, May 4, 2022

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary:

Managing Director & CEO

Executive Director

Membership No. 039826

(DIN 07194259)

(DIN 00423616)

John Jacob

Neelabja Chakrabarty

Mumbai, May 4, 2022

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Rs. in Crores

Note

2022

2021

Income

Revenue from Operations

21

7932.29

7154.36

Other Income

22

238.96

133.01

Total Income

8171.25

7287.37

Expenses

Cost of Materials Consumed

23

3195.72

3421.65

Purchases of Stock-in-Trade

1701.63

1425.63

Change in Inventories of Finished Goods/Stock-in-Trade/Work-in-Progress

24

46.40

(116.90)

Employee Benefits Expense

25

348.41

321.58

Finance Costs

26

29.78

28.13

Depreciation and Amortisation Expense

141.75

126.21

Advertisement and Sales Charge

511.25

396.83

Other Expenses

27

1017.99

787.00

Total Expenses

6992.93

6390.13

Profit before Exceptional Items and Taxes

1178.32

897.24

Exceptional Items (Net)

28

(27.23)

(61.10)

Profit before Tax

1151.09

836.14

Tax Expenses

20(a)

Current Tax

130.09

(1.05)

Deferred Tax

135.25

217.68

265.34

216.63

Profit for the year

885.75

619.51

Other Comprehensive Income

Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

Remeasurement of defined benefit plans

30.15

(4.44)

Changes in fair valuation of equity instruments

4.98

5.87

35.13

1.43

Tax Impact on above items

(9.06)

0.01

26.07

1.44

Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss

Gains/(loss) on effective portion of cash flow hedges

(1.65)

2.62

Tax Impact on above items

0.41

(0.66)

(1.24)

1.96

Other Comprehensive Income for the year

24.83

3.40

Total Comprehensive Income for the year

910.58

622.91

Earnings per share

33

Equity share of nominal value Re. 1 each

Basic

9.61

6.72

Diluted

9.61

6.72

STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS

for the year ended March 31, 2022:

Managing Director & CEO

Executive Director

Membership No. 039826

(DIN 07194259)

(DIN 00423616)

John Jacob

Neelabja Chakrabarty

Mumbai, May 4, 2022

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary:

Managing Director & CEO

Executive Director

Membership No. 039826

(DIN 07194259)

(DIN 00423616)

John Jacob

Neelabja Chakrabarty

Mumbai, May 4, 2022

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary:

Managing Director and CEO

Tata Consumer Products Australia Pty Limited

Mr L Krishna Kumar - Executive Director and Group CFO

Earth Rules Pty Limited

Stansand Limited

Subsidiary and Joint Venture of Promoter Company

Stansand(Brokers) Limited

Tata Investment Corporation Limited

Stansand(Africa) Limited

Ewart Investments Limited

Stansand(Central Africa) Limited

Tata AIG General Insurance Co Limited

Tata Consumer Products Polska sp.zo.o

Tata AIA Life Insurance Co Limited

Drassington Limited, UK

Tata Consultancy Services Limited

Good Earth Corporation

Tata Elxsi Limited

Good Earth Teas Inc.

Tata Industries Limited

Teapigs Limited.

Tata Communications Limited

Teapigs US LLC.

Tata Teleservices Limited

Tata Global Beverages Investments Limited

Tata Teleservices Maharashtra Limited

Campestres Holdings Limited

Infiniti Retail Limited

Kahutara Holdings Limited

Tata Capital Financial Services Limited

Suntyco Holding Limited

Supermarket Grocery Supplies Private Limited (w.e.f. 27th May, 2021)

Onomento Co Limited

Innovative Retail Concepts Private Limited (w.e.f. 27th May, 2021)

Tata Coffee Limited

Tata 1MG Healthcare Solutions Private Limited (w.e.f 9th June, 2021)

Tata Coffee Vietnam Company Limited

Tata Realty Infrastructure Limited

Consolidated Coffee Inc

Eight ‘O Clock Coffee Company

Employee Benefit Plans

Eight ‘O Clock Holdings Inc

Tata Tea Limited Management Staff Gratuity Fund

Tata Tea Extractions Inc

Tata Tea Limited Management Staff Superannuation Fund

Tata Consumer Products Capital Limited

Tata Tea Limited Staff Pension Fund

Tata Tea Holdings Private Limited

Tata Tea Limited Gratuity Fund

NourishCo Beverages Limited

Tata Tea Limited Calcutta Provident Fund

Tata Consumer Soulfull Private Limited

TRIL Constructions Limited (w.e.f. 17th November, 2021)

Tata Smartfoodz Limited (w.e.f. 16th November, 2021)

TCPL Beverages & Foods Limited (w.e.f. 25th February, 2022):

Managing Director & CEO

Executive Director

Membership No. 039826

(DIN 07194259)

(DIN 00423616)

John Jacob

Neelabja Chakrabarty

Mumbai, May 4, 2022

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary:

Managing Director & CEO

Executive Director

Membership No. 039826

(DIN 07194259)

(DIN 00423616)

John Jacob

Neelabja Chakrabarty

Mumbai, May 4, 2022

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary:

Managing Director & CEO

Executive Director

Membership No. 039826

(DIN 07194259)

(DIN 00423616)

John Jacob

Neelabja Chakrabarty

Mumbai, May 4, 2022

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary:

Managing Director & CEO

Executive Director

Membership No. 039826

(DIN 07194259)

(DIN 00423616)

John Jacob

Neelabja Chakrabarty

Mumbai, May 4, 2022

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary:

Managing Director and CEO

Mr. L Krishna Kumar - Executive Director and Group CFO

Subsidiaries and Joint Venture of Tata Sons Private

Limited

Tata Consultancy Services Limited

Employee Benefit Funds

Tata Investment Corporation Limited

Tata Tea Limited Management Staff Gratuity Fund

Tata Housing Development Company Limited

Tata Tea Limited Management Staff Superannuation Fund

Tata AIG General Insurance Limited

Tata Tea Limited Staff Pension Fund

Tata AIA Life Insurance Co Limited

Tata Tea Limited Gratuity Fund

Taj Air Limited

Tata Tea Limited Calcutta Provident Fund

Infiniti Retail Limited

Tata Coffee Staff Provident Fund Trust

Tata International Limited

Tata Coffee Superannuation Fund

Tata International Singapore PTE Limited

Tata Coffee Group Gratuity Fund

Tata International Vietnam Company Limited

Tata Elxsi Limited

Ewart Investments Limited

Tata Uganda Limited

Tata Industries Limited

Tata Capital Financial Services Limited

Tata Communications Limited

Tata Teleservices Limited

Tata Teleservices Maharastra Ltd

Super Market Grocery Supplies Pvt Ltd (w.e.f May 27, 2021)

Tata Limited

Tata Realty Infrastructure Limited

Tata Digital Limited

Innovative Retail Concepts Private Limited (w.e.f May 27, 2021)

Tata 1MG Healthcare Solutions Limited (w.e.f June 09, 2021)

NOTES

to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2022:

Managing Director & CEO

Executive Director

(DIN 00121863)

(DIN 01099097)

(DIN 07194259)

(DIN 00423616)

John Jacob

Neelabja Chakrabarty

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Mumbai, May 4, 2022:

Letter etc. by clicking on “Upload

Board Resolution/Authority: Letter” displayed under

“e-Voting” tab in their login.

4.

The attendance of the Members attending the AGM

through VC/OAVM will be counted for the purpose of

reckoning the quorum under Section 103 of the Act.

letter etc. with attested specimen

signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to

asimsecy@gmail.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in , latest by Sunday, June 26, 2022 (upto 5:00

p.m.). Institutional shareholders/Corporate Members (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload

their Board Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority: Letter etc. by clicking on “Upload Board Resolution /

Authority Letter” displayed under “e-Voting” tab in their login.

b)

It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep your

password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key

in the correct password. In such an event, you will need to go through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or

“Physical User Reset Password?” option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

c)

In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-voting user

manual for Shareholders available at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll free no.: 1800

1020 990 and 1800 22 44 30 or send a request to Mr. Amit Vishal, Asst. Vice President, NSDL and /or Ms. Pallavi

Mhatre, Senior Manager, NSDL at evoting@nsdl.co.in.

33. THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR e-VOTING ON THE DAY OF THE AGM ARE AS UNDER:

1.

The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the AGM is same as the instructions mentioned above for

remote e-voting.

2.

Only those Members/ shareholders, who will be present in the AGM through VC/OAVM facility and have not

casted their vote on the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so,

shall be eligible to vote through e-Voting system in the AGM.

3.

Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting will be eligible to attend the AGM. However, they will not

be eligible to vote at the AGM.

4.

The details of the person who may be contacted for any grievances connected with the facility for e-Voting

on the day of the AGM shall be the same person mentioned for Remote e-voting.

Managing Director

& CEO of NCML, he is leading

the

organization

into

greater

diversification

and

expanding

the company footprint across the

country as a trusted and preferred

Agri Supply chain and solutions

company. Mr. Chaudhry was the

Chairman of Cargill India, the

Indian arm of Cargill Inc., where he

led the building and expansion of

Cargill's Food Business in India. He

was instrumental in transforming

a traditional B2B business into an

FMCG company of repute. He also

serves as an Independent Director

on the boards of Tata Coffee Ltd,

Dhanuka Agritech, and Jubilant

Ingrevia Ltd, and Carrier Aircon

besides being on the advisory

board of ABInbev and a member of

the Food and Agri Advisory group

at British International Investment

(earlier CDC Group plc.) He has,

in the past, been an Independent

Director on the Board of IndusInd

Bank and has served as the Co-

chair of the National Committee for

Agriculture at FICCI.

Mr. Crean was the Vice President

of Corporate R&D & Chief Science

Officer

at

Mars

Incorporated,

Virginia, USA. He held global roles

across all Mars business segments

contributing to science strategy,

delivery,

research

practices,

policies, innovation, and quality

and food safety standards. He has

held a variety of senior leadership

positions at Mars, including that

of Chief Science Officer from 2018

onwards. His earlier roles also

included

European

Food

R&D

Director at MasterFoods (Mars

Food) Europe in the Netherlands,

where he was jointly responsible for

turning around Mars’ European food

business into a highly profitable

enterprise. He also held the role of

R&D Director at Mars Poland. He

was a key player in commissioning

three new factories in Poland,

launching

70+

Mars

products,

developing local supply chains,

and establishing a local Polish

team. He has over three decades

of experience in technology and

Research & Development.

He was a member of the board

of the Partnership for Aflatoxin

Control in Africa and a panelist at

events organized by the UN and

WHO on World Food Security and

Food Safety.:

