letter of even date which

is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this

report.

ANNEXURE C TO THE BOARD’S REPORT

FORM No. MR-3

SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2022

(Pursuant to Section 204 (1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rule No. 9 of the Companies (Appointment and

Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014)

To,

The Members,

Trent Limited

We have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance

of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good

corporate practices by Trent Limited (hereinafter called ‘the

Company’). Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that

provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate

conducts/statutory compliances and expressing our opinion

thereon.

Based on our verification of the Company’s books, papers,

minute books, forms and returns filed and other records

maintained by the company, to the extent the information

provided by the company, its officers, agents and authorised

representatives during the conduct of secretarial audit,

the explanations and clarifications given to us and the

representations made by the Management and considering

the relaxations granted by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs

and Securities and Exchange Board of India warranted due

to the spread of the Covid-19 pandemic, we hereby report

that in our opinion, the company has, during the audit period

covering the financial year ended on March 31, 2022 generally

complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and

also that the Company has proper Board processes and

compliance mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner

and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:

We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms

and returns filed and other records made available to us and

maintained by the Company for the financial year ended on

March 31, 2022 according to the provisions of:

(i) The Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) and the rules made

thereunder;

(ii) The Securities Contract (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’)

and the rules made thereunder;

(iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-

laws framed thereunder;

(iv) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules

and regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign

Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and

External Commercial Borrowings;

(v) The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed

under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act,

1992 (‘SEBI Act’)

(a) The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers)

Regulations, 2011;

(b) The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;

(c) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of

Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2018 and amendments from time to time;

(d) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share

Based

Employee

Benefits)

Regulations,

2014

and The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity

Regulations, 2021; (Not applicable to the Company

during the audit period)

(e) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue

and Listing of Debt Securities) Regulations, 2008

and The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible Securities)

Regulations, 2021;:

letter.

1. Maintenance of Secretarial record is the responsibility of

the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to

express an opinion on these secretarial records based on

our audit.

2. We have followed the audit practices and process as

were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records.

The verification was done on test basis to ensure that

correct facts are reflected in Secretarial records. We

believe that the process and practices, we followed

provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness

of financial records and Books of Accounts of the

Company.

4. Wherever required, we have obtained the Management

representation about the Compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events, etc.

5. The Compliance of the provisions of Corporate and

other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is

the responsibility of management. Our examination was

limited to the verification of procedure on test basis.

6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to

the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted

the affairs of the Company.

For Parikh & Associates

Company Secretaries

Mitesh Dhabliwala

Partner

FCS No: 8331 CP No: 9511

Place: Mumbai

UDIN:

Date: April 27, 2022 PR No.: 1129/2021:

letter of even date which

is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this

report.

Annexure A

To,

The Members,

Booker India Limited

My report of even dated is to be read along with this: letter:

Management’s Responsibility Statement

i.

Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of

the management of the Company. My responsibility is to

express an opinion on these secretarial records based on

my audit.

Auditor’s Responsibility Statement

ii.

I have followed the audit practices and processes as

were appropriate to obtain responsible assurance about

the correctness of the contents of secretarial records.

The verification was done on test basis to ensure that

correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. I believe

that the processes and practices that I follow provide a

responsible basis for my opinion.

iii. I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of

financial records and books of accounts of the Company.

iv. Wherever required, I have obtained the management

representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

Disclaimer

v.

The compliance of the provisions of corporate and

other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is

the responsibility of management. My examination was

limited to verification of procedures on test basis.

vi. The secretarial audit report is neither an assurance as

to the future viability of the Company nor the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted

the affairs of the Company.

For Mitesh J. Shah & Associates

Company Secretaries

Mitesh Shah

Proprietor

FCS No.: 10070

C. P. No.: 12891

Peer Review Certificate No. 1730/2022

UDIN: F010070D000178458

Date: 21st April, 2022

Place: Mumbai

letter.

Pursuant to the aforesaid Regulations, if the share certificates

remain unclaimed the same shall be transferred to the

unclaimed suspense account with one of the Depository

Participants, after completion of requisite formalities.

The voting rights on the shares proposed to be transferred to

the unclaimed suspense account shall remain frozen till the

rightful owner claims the shares.

Action required regarding non-receipt of dividends:

In case of non-receipt/non-encashment of dividend warrants, the investors are requested to correspond as mentioned hereunder:

Financial years

Requested to correspond with

Action required

2014-15 to 2021-22

TSR Consultants Private

Limited (formerly TSR Darashaw

Consultants Private Limited): Letter on plain paper

Upto 2013-14

Investor Education and

Protection Fund (“IEPF”)

Authority

Online Claim in Form IEPF – 5 of the IEPF Authority (Accounting,

Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016 and then send the same duly

signed along with requisite documents as enumerated in Form IEPF-5

to the Company at Registered Office for verification of the claim.

Transfer of unclaimed / unpaid amounts / shares to the IEPF:

Given below are indicative due dates for claim of unclaimed equity dividend by shareholders post which the dividend shall be

transferred to the IEPF by the Company:

Financial Year

Date of Declaration of Dividend

Last date for claim by shareholders

2014-2015

7th August 2015

6th September 2022

2015-2016

12th March 2016 (Interim Dividend)

11th April 2023

2016-2017

1st August 2017

31st August 2024

2017-2018

9th August 2018

8th September 2025

2018-2019

1st August 2019

31st August 2026

2019-2020

6th August 2020

5th September 2027

2020-2021

22nd July 2021

21st August 2028

2021-2022

10th February 2022 (Interim Dividend)

9th March 2029

Shareholders who have not yet encashed their dividend

warrant(s) for the financial year ended 31st March 2015 or any

subsequent financial years, are requested to make their claim

to the Registrar and Transfer Agent of the Company.

Pursuant to Sections 124 and 125 of the Act read with

the Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority

(Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016 (“IEPF

Rules”), dividend, if not claimed for a period of seven years

from the date of transfer to Unpaid Dividend Account of the

Company, are liable to be transferred to the Investor Education

and Protection Fund (“IEPF”). Accordingly, dividend of

`₹12,80,972 pertaining to FY 2013-14 which remained unpaid

or unclaimed was transferred to the IEPF Authority on

30th September 2021.

As per Section 124(6) of the Act read with the IEPF Rules,

all shares in respect of which dividend has not been paid

or claimed for seven consecutive years or more shall

be transferred in the name of IEPF. Accordingly, during

FY 2021-22 the Company has transferred 66,744 equity

shares in aggregate (0.02% of the share capital) to the demat

account of the IEPF Authority on which dividend remained

unclaimed for seven consecutive years from the dividend

declared on 14th August 2014.

Please note that no claim shall lie against the Company in

respect of the dividend and shares so transferred to IEPF.

However, both the unclaimed dividend amount and the

shares can be claimed from the IEPF Authority by making an

application in the prescribed Form IEPF - 5 and sending the

physical copy of the same duly signed (as per the specimen

signature recorded with the Company) along with the requisite

documents enumerated in Form IEPF - 5 to the Company at the

Registered Office address. The IEPF Rules and the application

Form IEPF-5 as prescribed by the Ministry of Corporate

Affairs (MCA) for claiming back the shares/unclaimed

dividend are available on the website of the Company

www.trentlimited.com as well as the website of MCA at

www.iepf.gov.in.

Details of unclaimed dividend in respect of those

shares

which

are

liable

to

be

transferred

to

the

IEPF are made available on the Company’s website

www.trentlimited.com and notices in this regard are also

published in the newspapers. The Company also sends

a reminder annually to all such shareholders whose dividend

has remained unclaimed for any prior period of seven years.

As an investor friendly measure, the Company sends quarterly

reminder letters to the IEPF Authority to refund the shares and

dividend of the claimants whose application is found to be in

order by the Company.

The Company has uploaded the information in respect

of unclaimed dividends, as on the date of last AGM

i.e. 22nd July 2021 on the website of the Company

www.trentlimited.com.

15) Other Disclosures

a) Transactions with related parties are disclosed in the

Notes to the Standalone Balance Sheet and Statement of

Profit and Loss Account in the Annual Report.

b) There are no materially significant related party

transactions of the Company which have potential

conflict

with

the

interests

of

the

Company

at

large. The Company has formulated a policy on

materiality of Related Party Transactions and also

on dealing with Related Party Transactions. The

Policy

is

disclosed

on

the

Company’s

website

www.trentlimited.com.

c) There were no materially significant Related Party

Transactions made by the Company during the year that

would have required Shareholders’ approval under the

Listing Regulations.

d) The Company has complied with the requirements of

the Stock Exchanges/ Securities and Exchange Board

of India (SEBI) and statutory authorities on all matters

related to the capital markets during the last three years.

No penalty or strictures were imposed on the Company

by these authorities.

e) The Company has not raised any equity share capital

through preferential allotment or qualified institutions

placement. The Company has issued Non-Convertible

Debentures during the year on private placement basis.

f)

The Company has complied with all the mandatory

requirements of the Listing Regulations relating to

Corporate Governance.

The status of compliance with the non-mandatory

requirements is as under:

•

The financial statements of the Company are with

unmodified audit opinion.

Managing Director.

•

The Internal Auditor reports to the Audit Committee.

•

The quarterly financial results were sent electronically

to those shareholders who had registered their

e-mail Id.

g) The Company has laid down a process of assessing risk

management. The scope of Audit Committee includes

review of Company’s financial and risk management

policies.

h) The Company discloses to the Audit Committee the uses/

applications of funds raised on a quarterly and annual

basis as a part of their declaration of financial results, as

and when applicable.

i)

The Company has complied with Corporate Governance

requirements specified in Regulation 17 to 27, sub-paras

(2) to (10) of Part C of Schedule V and clauses (b) to

(i) of sub-regulation (2) of Regulation 46 of the Listing

Regulations.

j)

The Company manages foreign exchange risk and

hedges to the extent considered necessary as and when

required. The Company does not deal in commodities

and hence the disclosure pursuant to SEBI Circular dated

15th November 2018 is not required to be given.

k) An amount of ` 2.13 Crores (including out of pocket

expenses and excluding GST) was paid by the Company

and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, to the

Statutory Auditors and all the entities in the network firm/

network entity of which the Statutory Auditor is a part, for

all the services rendered in financial year 2021-22.

l)

Disclosures as required under Schedule V(C) (10)(l) of the

Listing Regulations in relation to the Sexual Harassment

of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and

Redressal) Act, 2013 is disclosed in the Board’s Report.

m) A certificate has been received from Parikh & Associates,

Practicing Company Secretaries, that none of the Directors

on the Board of the Company have been debarred

or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as

directors of companies by the SEBI, Ministry of Corporate

Affairs or any such statutory authority.

16) Secretarial Audit

•

Parikh & Associates, Practicing Company Secretaries

have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the Company for

the financial year 2021-22. Their Audit Report confirms

that the Company has complied with the applicable

provisions of the Act and the Rules made there under,

Listing

Regulations,

applicable

SEBI

Regulations,

Secretarial Standards and other laws applicable to the

Company. The Secretarial Audit Report forms part of the

Board’s Report.

•

Pursuant to Regulation 40(9) of the Listing Regulations,

certificates have been issued on an annual basis, by a

Company Secretary in practice, certifying due compliance

of share transfer formalities by the Company.

•

A Company Secretary in practice carries out a quarterly

Reconciliation of Share Capital Audit, to reconcile the

total admitted capital with NSDL and CDSL and the total

issued and listed capital. The audit confirms that the total

issued/listed capital is in agreement with the aggregate of

the total number of shares in physical form and the total

number of shares in dematerialized form (held with NSDL

and CDSL).

17) Support towards digitization / Shareholders initiatives

The MCA has allowed Companies to send all notices/

communication/ documents including Notice of AGM and

Annual Report of the Company, in an electronic form,

through e-mail to the shareholders. The Company had

sent several circulars over the years to the shareholders

with postage prepaid envelopes urging them to register

their email address, register their bank account details and

dematerialize their physical shares thereby supporting

Green Initiative. Accordingly, the percentage of email id,

bank account details registered and dematerialization of

physical shares as on 31st March 2022 are detailed under:

Particulars

Percentage

Share Capital of the Company in

dematerialized form

> 99%

Shareholders who have registered bank

account details

> 98%

Shareholders who have registered their

Email-Id

> 93%

Dematerialization of shares

Benefits of Dematerialization:

Shares held in dematerialized form have several advantages

like immediate transfer of shares, faster settlement cycle,

faster disbursement of non-cash corporate benefits like

rights, etc., lower brokerage, ease in portfolio monitoring, etc.

Besides risks associated with physical certificates such as

fake certificates, bad deliveries, loss of certificates in transit,

get eliminated.

As per Regulation 40 of the Listing Regulations, as amended,

securities of listed entities can be transferred only in

dematerialised form, with effect from 1st April 2019. Pursuant

to SEBI circular dated 25th January 2022, securities of the

Company shall be issued in dematerialized form only while

processing service requests in relation to issue of duplicate

securities certificate, renewal / exchange of securities

certificate, endorsement; sub-division/ splitting of securities

certificate, consolidation of securities certificates/folios,

transmission and transposition.

Since there are several benefits arising from dematerialization,

we sincerely urge all the shareholders who are still holding

their shares in physical form to dematerialize the shares at

the earliest.

Direct credit of dividend:

Payment of dividend through electronic mode has following

advantages:

•

Shareholder need not make frequent visits to his bank for

depositing the physical warrants;

•

Prompt credit to the bank account of the shareholder

through electronic clearing; This would also reduce the

amount of unclaimed dividend being transferred to IEPF.

•

Fraudulent encashment of warrant is avoided;

•

Delay/loss in postal transit is avoided.

As per circular issued by SEBI dated 20th April 2018, the

Company through the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent

had circulated regular reminder letters with postage prepaid

envelopes in July 2018, September 2018, October 2018 and

October 2019 to those physical shareholders whose PAN and/

or Bank account details were not available requesting them to

register their PAN and/or bank account details.

Members are requested to register their PAN and Bank

Account Details (Core Banking Solutions enabled account

number, 9 digit MICR code and 11 digit IFS Code), in respect

of shares held in dematerialized form with their respective

Depository Participants and in respect of shares held in

physical form with TCPL.

Green Initiatives:

In order to capture email addresses of a larger shareholder

base and send all intimations electronically, especially during

the lockdown period, the Company had appointed NSDL

and CDSL to send SMS to those shareholders whose email

addresses were not registered with the Company.

We once again request you to join us in this initiative and

register your e-mail Id with TCPL in case you are holding

shares in physical form. In case you are holding shares in

dematerialized form, please register your e-mail Id with your

depository participant directly.

Norms for furnishing of PAN, KYC, Bank details and

Nomination

SEBI vide circular dated 3rd November 2021 has mandated

the listed companies to have PAN, KYC, bank details and

Nomination of all shareholders holding shares in physical

form. Folios wherein any one of the cited details / documents

(i.e. PAN, KYC, Bank Details and Nomination) are not available

with us, on or after 1st April 2023, shall be frozen as per the

aforesaid SEBI circular.

The investor service requests forms for updation of PAN, KYC

Bank details and Nomination viz., Forms ISR-1, ISR-2, ISR-3,

SH-13, SH-14 and the said SEBI circular are available on our

website www.trentlimited.com. In view of the above, we urge

the shareholders to submit the Investor Service Request form

along with the supporting documents at the earliest.

The Company has sent a: letter to the shareholders holding

shares in physical form in relation to the aforesaid on

7th February 2022.

In respect of shareholders who hold shares in the

dematerialized form and wish to update their PAN, KYC,

Bank Details and Nomination are requested to contact their

respective Depository Participants.

