Managing Director, Gujarat Chemical

Port Limited (GCPL), a joint venture of RIL and Six

PSUs of Govt. of Gujarat. GCPL has modern port

infrastructure and facilities for handling 5 MMTPA:

Managing Director(s) and Whole-time

Director(s) based on their performance and

defined assessment criteria.

•

Administer, monitor and formulate detailed

terms and conditions of the Employees’ Stock

Option Schemes.

•

Review

information

on

recruitment

and

remuneration of senior officers just below

the level of Board of Directors, including

appointment or removal of Chief Financial

Officer and the Company Secretary.

•

Review significant labour problems and their

proposed solutions.

•

Review significant development in Human

Resources / Industrial Relations front like

signing of wage agreement, implementation of

Voluntary Retirement Scheme etc.

•

Recommend to the Board, all remuneration, in

whatever form, payable to senior management.

•

Carry out any other function as is mandated by

the Board from time to time and / or enforced

by any statutory notification, amendment or

modification as may be applicable.



Criteria for Board Membership

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee

has laid down the following criteria for Board

Membership::

letter dated 17th June, 2019 in relation to delay in submission

of quarterly financial results for the quarter ending March,

2019 and by BSE Limited vide email dated 19th September,

2018 and: letter dated 17th June, 2019 in relation to delay

in submission of quarterly financial results for the quarters

ending June, 2018 and March, 2019 respectively, required

to be submitted with the Stock Exchanges under Regulation

33 of the Listing Regulations. The Company had provided

suitable explanations in this regard to the Stock Exchanges.

The Company thereafter paid ` 81,000/- to National Stock

Exchange of India Limited on 13th February, 2020 towards

delay of 14 days in submission of financial results for the

quarter and year ended 31st March, 2019.

The Company had complied with and adopted the mandatory

requirements of the Listing Regulations except (i) non-

compliance with respect to submission of financial results

mentioned in above paragraph, and (ii) non-compliance with

respect to the disclosures and filings required to be submitted

by the Company, with respect to non-convertible debentures

issued by the Company, with the Stock Exchanges under

the Listing Regulations. The Company has vide e-mail dated

16th November, 2018 to SEBI confirmed the compliance of

the relevant provisions under the Listing Regulations dealing

with disclosures and submissions required to be made with

respect to non-convertible debentures for the period ending

30th September, 2018. Further, the Company has sought

relief from the non-compliance of the certain provisions of the

Listing Regulations for the period prior to commencement of

the CIR Process of the Company. SEBI had, post conclusion

of the hearing in the subject matter, imposed a penalty of

` 12 lakhs on the Company, which was contested at the

Securities Appellate Tribunal, Mumbai (“SAT”). SAT had

ruled that no penalty is payable and this decision has been

contested by SEBI at the Supreme Court. A decision in this

regard is awaited.

COMPLIANCE OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REQUIREMENTS SPECIFIED IN REGULATION 17 TO 27 AND REGULATION

46(2) (B) TO (I) OF LISTING REGULATIONS FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR 2020-21:

Sr.

No.

Particulars

Regulations

Brief Descriptions of the Regulations

Compliance Status

(Yes/No/N.A.)

1

Board of

letter from the management on the

assessment of these matters.:

letter of comfort to Alok Infrastructure Limited, wholly owned subsidiary company in

order to meet its financial obligations. As on March 31, 2021, management has assessed that the possibility of outflow

of resources embodying economic benefits with respect to the: letter of comfort issued is remote.

2

Claims / Debts against the Company upto the closing date which are addressed under the NCLT approved resolution

plan are not included in contingent liabilities though many of such claims / debts may be pending for disposal at

various judicial forums. As per clause 3.3.4 of the aforesaid resolution plan, these liabilities stands extinguished.

Accordingly, the management has assessed that the possibility of outflow of resources embodying economic benefits

with respect to such claims / debts is remote.

3

All direct and indirect tax liabilities relating to assessments of earlier year upto the closing date stand extinguished as

per the NCLT approved resolution plan. Further, the implementation of the resolution plan does not have any effect

over claims or receivables owed to the Company. Accordingly, the Company has assessed that any receivables due

to the Company, evaluated based on merits of underlying litigations, from various governmental agencies continues

to subsist.

4

The Company has entered into Gas Sale Agreement (GSA) / Gas Transmission Agreement (GTA) dated 27th May,

2013 with GAIL India Limited (‘GAIL’) for the supply of re-liquified natural gas (RLNG) to the delivery point and for

transmission of gas from the delivery point to the unit. The tenure of the agreements was for a period of 15 years and

includes a take or pay clause in the contract. Upto the closing date i.e 14th September, 2020, GAIL has raised claims

of ` 1,090 crores invoking the take or pay clause under the contract. GAIL was covered as an operational creditor

under the NCLT approved resolution plan which provides for Nil payment if dues of operational creditors are above

` 3 lacs. Aggrieved by the order, GAIL has filed an appeal with National Company Law Appellate Tribunal (NCLAT)

which is pending for disposal. As stated in Note 36, all claims upto the closing date i.e. 14th September, 2020 stands

extinguished as per the approved resolution plan. Further, in light of the various recent judicial pronouncements made

by the NCLAT and the Hon’ble Supreme Court of India in IBC related cases, it is established that the provisions of

section 32A of the IBC are absolute and binding. Accordingly, Company considers that the aforesaid claim / demand

relating to those upto the closing date is remote.

37 Capital Commitments

(` in crore)

Particulars

31st March, 2021

31st March, 2020

Estimated amounts of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account and not

provided for (net of advances)

48.55

7.83

38 The Company has re-assessed the Deferred Tax assets recognized in earlier years, based on the new management’s

business plan and accordingly determined that there is no reasonable certainty that these deferred tax assets will be

utilised in future. On the basis of such assessment the parent company has not recognised any deferred tax assets as at

March 31, 2021 and has reversed its opening deferred tax assets of ` 1,423.11 crore.

39 In the opinion of management, the current assets and other non-current assets after necessary provisions / write offs have

a value on realisation in the ordinary course of the business, at least equal to the amount at which they are stated.

letter from the management on the

assessment of these matters.

AUDITOR’S REPORT on Consolidated Financial Statement:

letter from the management on

the assessment of these matters.

Other Information

The Holding Company’s Board of Directors is responsible

for the other information. The other information comprises

the information included in the Board of Director’s report,

management discussion and analysis section of the

annual report, corporate governance report and business

responsibility report, but does not include the consolidated

financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does

not cover the other information and we do not express any

form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial

statements, our responsibility is to read the other information

and, in doing so, consider whether such other information

is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial

statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or

otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the

work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material

misstatement of this other information, we are required to

report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Responsibilities of Management for the Consolidated

Financial Statements

The Holding Company’s Board of Directors is responsible

for the preparation and presentation of these consolidated

financial statements in terms of the requirements of the Act

that give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial

position, consolidated financial performance including

other comprehensive income, consolidated cash flows and

consolidated statement of changes in equity of the Group

including its joint ventures in accordance with the accounting

principles generally accepted in India, including the Indian

Accounting Standards (Ind AS) specified under section

133 of the Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting

Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended. The respective Board

of Directors of the companies included in the Group and of its

joint ventures are responsible for maintenance of adequate

accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the

Act for safeguarding of the assets of the Group and of its

joint ventures and for preventing and detecting frauds and

other irregularities; selection and application of appropriate

accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that

are reasonable and prudent; and the design, implementation

and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls,

that were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy

and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the

preparation and presentation of the consolidated financial

statements that give a true and fair view and are free from

material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, which

have been used for the purpose of preparation of the

consolidated financial statements by the Directors of the

Holding Company, as aforesaid.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the

respective Board of Directors of the companies included

in the Group and of its joint ventures are responsible for

assessing the ability of the Group and of its joint ventures

to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable,

matters related to going concern and using the going

concern basis of accounting unless management either

intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has

no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those respective Board of Directors of the companies

included in the Group and of its joint ventures are also

responsible for overseeing the financial reporting process of

the Group and of its joint ventures.

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated

Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about

whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole

are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud

or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our

opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance,

but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance

with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when it

exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are

considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they

could reasonably be expected to influence the economic

decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated

financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise

professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism

throughout the audit. We also::

Letter, etc., together with attested specimen

signature(s) of the duly authorized representative(s)

authorized under the said Board Resolution to attend

and vote on their behalf at the Meeting.

9.

Members / Proxies / Authorized Representatives are

requested to bring to the Meeting necessary details of

their shareholding, attendance slip(s) and copy(ies) of

Annual Report.

10. In case of joint holders, the Member whose name

appears as first holder in the order of names as per the

Register of Members of the Company will be entitled to

vote at the AGM.

11.

The Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel

and their shareholding maintained under Section 170 of

the Act and the Register of Contracts or Arrangements in

which the Directors are interested and other documents

as referred in the Notice are available for inspection by

the Members at the Registered Office of the Company

during business hours on all working days except

Saturdays, Sundays and National Holidays up to the

date of the AGM.

12. Members holding the shares in single name are advised

to avail the facility of nomination in respect of the shares

held by them pursuant to the provisions of Section 72

of the Act. Members holding the shares in physical form

desiring to avail this facility may send their nomination

in the prescribed Form No. SH-13 duly filled in to the

RTA of the Company. Members holding the shares in

dematerialized mode may contact their respective DPs

for availing this facility.

13. A person, whose name is recorded in the Register

of Members or in the Register of Beneficial Owners

maintained by the Depositories as on the Cut-off Date

i.e. 14th September, 2021 only shall be entitled to avail

the facility of remote e-voting. A person who is not a

Member as on the Cut-off Date, should treat the Notice

for information purpose only.

14. The Ministry of Corporate Affairs has notified provisions

relating to unpaid / unclaimed dividend under Sections

124 and 125 of the Act and Investor Education and

Protection Fund (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund)

Rules, 2016 (IEPF Rules). As per these Rules, dividends

which are not encashed / claimed by the shareholder

for a period of seven consecutive years shall be

transferred to the Investor Education and Protection

Fund (IEPF) Authority. The IEPF Rules also mandate the

companies to transfer the shares of shareholders whose

dividends remain unpaid / unclaimed for a period of

seven consecutive years to the demat account of IEPF

Authority.

15. The Company has transferred the unpaid or unclaimed

dividends declared, from time to time, to the IEPF

Authority established by the Central Government. Details

of dividends so far transferred to the IEPF Authority are

available on the website of the IEPF Authority and can

be accessed through the link: http://www.iepf.gov.in.

Further the Company has also transferred to the IEPF

Authority all the shares in respect of which dividend had

remained unpaid or unclaimed for seven consecutive

years or more as on the due date of transfer. Details

of the shares so far transferred to the IEPF Authority

are available on the Company’s website and can be

accessed through the link: https://www.alokind.com/

downloads/unclaimed_equity_dividend&transfer_of_

shares_to_iepf.pdf. The said details have also been

uploaded on the website of the IEPF Authority and can

be accessed through the link: www.iepf.gov.in. Members

may note that the shares as well as unclaimed dividends

transferred to IEPF Authority can be claimed back from

the IEPF Authority.:

letter

etc. with attested specimen signature of

the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are

authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail

to bhattvirendra1945@yahoo.co.in with a copy

marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in.

2.

It is strongly recommended not to share

your password with any other person and

take utmost care to keep your password

confidential. Login to the e-voting website will

be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to

key in the correct password. In such an event,

you will need to go through the “Forgot User

Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset

Password?” option available on www.evoting.

nsdl.com to reset the password.

3.

In case of any queries, you may refer the

Frequently

Asked

Questions

(FAQs)

for

Shareholders and e-voting user manual for

Shareholders available at the download

section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll

free no.: 1800 1020 990 and 1800 22 44 30 or

send a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in

C) Process for those shareholders whose email

ids are not registered with the depositories

for procuring user id and password and

registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the

resolutions set out in this Notice:

1.

In case the shares are held in physical

mode please provide Folio No., Name

of shareholder, scanned copy of the

Share Certificate (front and back), PAN

(self attested scanned copy of PAN

card), AADHAR (self attested scanned

copy of Aadhar Card) by email to RTA at

rnt.helpdesk@linkintime.co.in.

2.

In case the shares are held in demat mode,

please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID

+ CLID or 16 digit beneficiary ID), Name,

client master or copy of Consolidated

Account statement, PAN (self attested

scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR

(self attested scanned copy of Aadhar

Card) to RTA at rnt.helpdesk@linkintime.

co.in. If you are an Individual shareholder

holding securities in demat mode, you are

requested to refer to the login method

explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method

for e-Voting for Individual shareholders

holding securities in demat mode.:

