Managing Director

Anuj Poddar

Executive Director

Madhur Bajaj

Rajiv Bajaj

Pooja Bajaj

Harsh Vardhan Goenka

Shailesh Haribhakti

Munish Khetrapal

Dr. Indu Shahani

Dr. Rajendra Prasad Singh

COMPANY SECRETARY

Ajay Nagle

AUDITORS

S R B C & Co. LLP,

Chartered Accountants

SECRETARIAL AUDITOR

Anant B. Khamankar & Co.,

Practicing Company Secretaries

COST AUDITOR

R. Nanabhoy & Co.

Cost Accountants

BANKERS

State Bank of India | Bank of India |

Union Bank of India | Yes Bank Ltd. |

IDBI Bank Ltd. | HDFC Bank Ltd. |

ICICI Bank Ltd. | IndusInd Bank Ltd.

DEBENTURE TRUSTEE

Axis Trustee Services Ltd.

REGISTERED OFFICE

45/47, Veer Nariman Road,

Mumbai - 400 001

CIN: L31500MH1938PLC009887

CORPORATE OFFICE

i. 001, 502, 701 & 801,

Rustomjee Aspiree,

Off Eastern Express Highway,

Bhanu Shankar Yagnik Marg,

Sion (E), Mumbai - 400 022

ii. 51, Mulla House, M. G. Road,

Fort, Mumbai 400 001

FACTORIES

Chakan Unit | Ranjangaon Unit |

Wind Farm Unit | Shikohabad Unit |

Parwanoo Unit

BRANCHES

Ahmedabad | Bengaluru |

Bhubaneshwar | Chandigarh |

Chennai | Delhi | Guwahati | Hyderabad |

Indore | Jaipur | Kolkata | Kochi |

Kundali | Lucknow | Mumbai | Nagpur |

Noida | Patna | Pune | Raipur | Ranchi

DEPOTS

Ahmedabad | Coimbatore | Guwahati |

Hyderabad | Indore | Jaipur | Kolkata |

Lucknow | Mumbai | Nagpur | Noida |

Patna | Pune | Ranchi | Zirakpur

CENTRAL WAREHOUSES

Banur | Mumbai | Vapi

REGIONAL DISTRIBUTION

CENTRES

Bengaluru | Kolkata

OVERSEAS REPRESENTATIVE /

LIAISON OFFICES

China | Dubai | Kenya | Togo | Zambia

On Wednesday, the 11th day of August 2021 at 03:00 PM (IST) through

Video Conferencing / Other Audio Visual Means

Corporate Overview

82nd Annual Report 2020-21

003

002

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

www.bajajelectricals.com

Corporate Information:

Managing Director

It gives me immense pleasure to share with you, your

Company’s performance for the year 2020-21.

Fiscal 2020-21 was a significant year for your Company in

multiple ways. As I had shared with you last year, that year

marked the beginning of a multi-year transformational journey

to building the new Bajaj Electricals.

Dear

Shareholders,

This involved a holistic reinvention of our

business model, even as we dealt with multiple

challenges, particularly the pressures on our

cashflows and balance sheet. Just as we were

starting to build momentum on this journey,

the economy was laid low by the outbreak of

COVID-19 in early 2020 which had the potential

to derail our efforts.

However, I am glad to state that not only did

we prove our resilience in dealing with the

fallout of the pandemic, but also continued to

strongly move forward on our transformational

journey and delivered a remarkable turnaround

on our performance at every level, making this

one of the best years in the history of your

Company. This vindicates the new vision and

strategy adopted by us; but more importantly,

it is a testimony to the execution excellence,

agility and focus that form the core of the ethos

of the new Bajaj Electricals.

During the year under review, we saw a decline

in total revenues from operations to H 4,573 crore

from H 4,977 crore in the previous fiscal year,

primarily due to the impact of the pandemic-

induced lockdown in the first quarter as well as

the calibration on our EPC Businesses. However,

our PBIT grew sharply from H 192 crore in 2019-20

to H 305 crore. Our PAT swung from

H (0.1) crore in 2019-20 to H 184 crore, marking a

strong turnaround in our performance. During the

year, your Company continued to generate strong

cashflow from operations of H 660 crore. Total

debt reduced sharply from H 957 crore, as on 31st

March, 2020 to H 464 crore as on 31st March,

2021, thus further improving our debt-equity

ratio to 0.3. This marks another milestone in our

turnaround journey.

Our Consumer Products segment delivered growth

of 7.1% on a full-year basis, despite the loss of

sales in the first quarter due to the lockdown.

The segmental PBIT grew from H 208 crore in

2019-20 to H 324 crore, making it the highest-

ever PBIT for the Consumer Products business.

This represented an improvement in PBIT margin

from 6.8% in 2019-20 to 9.8% in this fiscal. The

improved performance of this segment was driven

by the launch of several products, focused actions

to overcome pandemic-induced disruptions on the

supply chain, strong brand push and active sales

efforts across all channels.

In our EPC segment, rather than chasing the top-

line, our focus has remained to better manage the

execution of current projects on hand. We have

managed to successfully close certain legacy

projects in the Power Distribution business as

well as continue to reduce our receivables. Our

Power Transmission business commissioned

13 projects during the year which includes the

commissioning of our first international project

in Zambia. We have been strategically growing

Corporate Overview

82nd Annual Report 2020-21

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

www.bajajelectricals.com

016

017

Chairman Communique:

Managing Director

the share of our monopoles business with many

pioneering projects. We aspire to stay focused on

better capital management and selective bidding

of projects that meet our financial parameters,

while ensuring superior execution of new projects

and efficient risk management.

Our Illumination business has demonstrated

strong improvement in a challenging year due to a

slowdown in infrastructural spends. We grew our

market-share and executed several prestigious

projects across airports, highways, smart cities,

railways, stadiums, industries, etc. This has

been enabled by the introduction of continually

refreshed product offerings and a more focused

go-to-market approach.

As I shared last year, the core foundation for the

new Bajaj Electricals lies in the Organisational

Transformation that we have embarked upon. This

comprises strengthening of our people, processes

and systems as well as our overall organisational

culture to drive superior performance in a more

institutionalised basis. These initiatives are

beginning to bear fruit. In March 2021, your

Company was certified as Great Place To Work

by Great Place To Work ® Institute India. We

have also won several other accolades during the

year in the areas of supply chain management,

quality assurance, technology initiatives and

investor relations. Additionally, we are embarking

upon the implementation of a new ERP system

with a planned go-live date of 1st April, 2022.

I am confident that as the Organisational

Transformation initiatives take root, your

Company will derive its benefits for many more

years to come.

We are also in the process of streamlining

our corporate structure and interests across

various entities. During the year, we completed

the acquisition of the demerged business of

Hind Lamps Limited. In April 2021, our Board

approved a transaction to acquire control and

dominant ownership of Starlite Lighting Limited

and thereafter, sanctioned a planned merger of

Starlite into Bajaj Electricals. These corporate

actions are designed to address legacy issues

and create a simpler, leaner and more efficient

operating structure.

While we have been driving various business

and organisational initiatives, we are conscious

of the very difficult times posed by the COVID-19

pandemic, especially the second wave which

has hit closer to home. We have lost a few

valued team members and many of their loved

ones. We express our heartfelt condolences to

their families. As a responsible organisation, we

have been taking several measures to support

EPS

10.07

FY16-17

8.02

FY17-18

(0.01)

FY19-20

16.34

FY18-19

16.08

FY20-21

(in H)

based on Standalone Financial numbers

Corporate Overview

82nd Annual Report 2020-21

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

www.bajajelectricals.com

018

019

Chairman Communique | Exuberant Numbers, Exceptional Performance:

letter).

▶

Click “confirm” (Your password is now generated).

2.

Click on ‘Login’ under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab.

3.

Enter your User ID, Password and Image Verification

(CAPTCHA) Code and click on ‘Submit’.

4.

After successful login, you will be able to see the notification

for e-voting. Select ‘View’ icon.

5.

E-voting page will appear.

6.

Refer the Resolution description and cast your vote by

selecting your desired option ‘Favour / Against’ (If you wish

to view the entire Resolution details, click on the ‘View

Resolution’ file link).

7.

After selecting the desired option i.e. Favour / Against, click

on ‘Submit’. A confirmation box will be displayed. If you wish

to confirm your vote, click on ‘Yes’, else to change your vote,

click on ‘No’ and accordingly modify your vote.

e.

For Institutional shareholders:-

Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than Individuals, HUF,

NRI etc.) and Custodians are required to log on the e-voting

system of LIIPL at https://instavote.linkintime.co.in and register

themselves as ‘Custodian / Mutual Fund / Corporate Body’.

They are also required to upload a scanned certified true copy

of the board resolution /authority: letter/power of attorney etc.

together with attested specimen signature of the duly authorised

representative(s) in PDF format in the ‘Custodian / Mutual Fund /

Corporate Body’ login for the Scrutinizer to verify the same.

f.

For Individual Shareholders holding securities in Physical mode

& evoting service Provider is LINKINTIME, have forgotten the

password:-

•

Click on ‘Login’ under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab and further Click

‘forgot password?’

•

Enter User ID, select Mode and Enter Image Verification

(CAPTCHA) Code and Click on ‘Submit’.

•

In case shareholders/ members is having valid email

address, Password will be sent to his / her registered e-mail

address.

•

Shareholders/ members can set the password of his/her

choice by providing the information about the particulars

of the Security Question and Answer, PAN, DOB/DOI, Bank

Account Number (last four digits) etc. as mentioned above.

•

The password should contain minimum 8 characters, at least

one special character (@!#$&*), at least one numeral, at

least one alphabet and at least one capital letter.

g.

For Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode with

NSDL/ CDSL have forgotten the password:-

•

Shareholders/Members who are unable to retrieve User

ID/Password are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget

Password option available at abovementioned depository/

depository participants website.

•

It is strongly recommended not to share your password

with any other person and take utmost care to keep your

password confidential.

•

For shareholders/ members holding shares in physical form,

the details can be used only for voting on the resolutions

contained in this Notice.

•

During the voting period, shareholders/ members can login

any number of time till they have voted on the resolution(s)

for a particular “Event”.

h.

Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat

mode:-

In case shareholders/ members holding securities in demat mode

have any technical issues related to login through Depository i.e.

NSDL/ CDSL, they may contact the respective helpdesk given

below:

•

Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode

with NSDL: Members facing any technical issue in login

can contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at

evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at toll free no.: 1800 1020 990

and 1800 22 44 30

•

Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode

with CDSL: Members facing any technical issue in login can

contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a request at helpdesk.

evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at 022- 23058738 or 22-

23058542-43.

i.

Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in physical

mode/ Institutional shareholders & evoting service Provider is

LINKINTIME:-

In case shareholders/ members holding securities in physical

mode/ Institutional shareholders have any queries regarding

e-voting, they may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (‘FAQs’)

and InstaVote e-Voting manual available at https://instavote.

linkintime.co.in, under Help section or send an email to enotices@

linkintime.co.in or contact on: - Tel: 022 –4918 6000.

Statutory Reports

82nd Annual Report 2020-21

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

www.bajajelectricals.com

Notice of the Annual General Meeting

034

035

Managing Director of the Company.

Number of meetings of the Board attended

during the year 2020-21

6/6

Statutory Reports

82nd Annual Report 2020-21

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

www.bajajelectricals.com

Notice of the Annual General Meeting

038

039:

Managing Director

since April 2005 having joined the Board on March 5, 2002.

He has been conferred with numerous prestigious awards including India’s Top 100 Young Achievers

Award, Auto Professional Man of the Year Award, India’s 20 Top Powerful CEOs Awards, Business

Leadership Awards, NDTV Profit Man of The Year, NDTV Profit: Business Leadership Awards 2007

and many more.

Experience (including expertise in specific

functional area) / Brief Resumes

Appointment/Re-appointment

Re-appointment on retirement by rotation.

Terms and Conditions of Appointment/ Re-

appointment

In terms of Section 152(6) of the Companies Act, 2013, Shri Rajiv Bajaj who was appointed as

Non-Executive Director at the Annual General Meeting held on August 7, 2019, is liable to retire by

rotation.

Remuneration last drawn (including sitting fees,

if any)

H 10.00 lakh in the financial year 2020-21 (for remuneration details, please refer the Corporate

Governance Report).

Remuneration proposed to be paid

As per existing approved terms and conditions.

Date of first appointment on the Board

November 1, 2018

Shareholding in the Company as on March 31,

2021

Nil (excluding 471052 (0.41%) equity shares held by him as a Trustee of Rishab Family Trust)

Relationship with other Directors/Key

Managerial Personnel

Not related to any Director/Key Managerial Personnel.

Number of meetings of the Board attended

during the year 2020-21

5/6

Directorships of other Boards as on March 31,

2021

• Bajaj Auto Limited

• Bajaj Finance Limited

• Bajaj Finserv Limited

• Bajaj Holdings & Investment Limited

• Rahul Securities Private Limited

• Kamalnayan Investment And Trading Private Limited

• Bhoopati Shikshan Pratisthan

• KTM AG (Austrian Company)

Membership/Chairmanship of Committees of

other Boards as on March 31, 2021

Nil

I.

General Information

1.

Nature of Industry

The Company is engaged in marketing of various consumer household and industrial goods

including electric lamps and bulbs, lighting fittings and domestic appliances like fans, air-

coolers, pressure cooker, ovens, toasters, heaters, geysers, mixer grinders and parts thereof;

water purifier, water filters, etc., manufacturing and / or marketing electric fans and industrial

items like highmasts, power transmission and in the implementation of turnkey projects.

2.

Date of Commencement of Commercial Production

Commercial operations commenced in the year 1938.

3.

In case of new companies, expected date of

commencement of activities as per project approved

by financial institutions appearing in the prospectus

Not applicable

4.

Financial Performance based on given indicators

As per Standalone Audited Financials:

(H in crore)

Particulars

Financial

Year 2020-21

Paid up Capital

22.91

Reserves excluding Revaluation Reserves

1,573.61

Total Income

4,645.75

Total Expenses

4,416.33

Profit before Tax

241.18

Tax Expenses

57.54

Profit after Tax

183.64

5.

Foreign investments or collaborators, if any

The Company has not entered into any foreign collaboration and no direct capital investment

has been made in the Company in the last three financial years. Foreign investors, mainly

comprising NRIs, FIIs, FPIs, etc. are investors in the Company on account of past issuance of

securities / secondary market purchase of the shares of the Company.

II.

Information about the Appointee

1.

Background details

Shri Anuj Poddar, aged 46 years, is a Fellow of the Inaugural Class of Aspen lnstitute’s India

Leadership Initiative and member of Aspen Global Leadership Network, Trustee of Ananta

Centre, member of BMW Foundation’s World Young Leaders’ Forum and has been on the

Governing Council of ClI-Young Indians. He has schooled in Mumbai, India and Michigan, USA

and is a rank-holding Chartered Accountant.

Before joining the Company as an Executive Director in November 2018, he was a member of

the Leadership Team at Viacom18. In his over-decade long stint with Viacom18 he has a string of

accomplishments. He spearheaded the formation of Viacom18, its foray into mass entertainment

with Colors and architected its very successful journey of becoming one of India’s leading media

and entertainment conglomerates. He also set-up Viacom18’s operations in USA and UK, led the

acquisition of the Indian Film Company leading to the set-up of Viacom18 Motion Pictures and

has led strategy for MTV Networks Asia. He was also engaged in successfully repositioning and

redefining the scale of the regional entertainment space in India.

Prior to joining Viacom 18, he has had over a decade of myriad professional experience in

strategy consulting, mergers & acquisitions, advisory and assurance with Arthur Andersen

and KPMG, besides running his own entrepreneurial ventures. In all his pursuits, he brings to

fore a unique blend of business acumen, diverse experience and deep insight into human and

consumer behavior that enable him to build and run strong successful businesses.

Annexure-B

Relevant information and disclosures prescribed in Schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013 are given below:

Statutory Reports

82nd Annual Report 2020-21

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

www.bajajelectricals.com

Notice of the Annual General Meeting

040

041:

Dear Shareholders,

Your Directors are pleased to present the 82nd Annual Report of the Company, together with the audited financial statements for the financial year ended

March 31, 2021. This Report states compliance as per the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”), the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) and other rules & regulations as applicable to the Company.

FINANCIAL RESULTS

The highlights of the Standalone Financial Results are as under:

The highlights of the Consolidated Financial Results are as under:

(Amount: H in crore, except for Earnings Per Share (“EPS”))

Particulars

FY 2020-21

FY 2019-20

Revenue from Operations & Other Income

4,645.75

5,029.72

Gross Profit before Finance Cost and Depreciation

374.23

259.56

Less: Finance Cost

75.55

169.16

Less: Depreciation

69.26

68.01

Profit/(Loss) before Exceptional Items and Tax

229.42

22.39

Exceptional Items

11.76

-

Profit/(Loss) before Taxes

241.18

22.39

Less: Provision for Tax expenses

57.54

22.52

Profit/(Loss) after Tax

183.64

(0.13)

Less: Other Comprehensive Income

(6.95)

8.54

Add: Balance in Profit & Loss Account

262.23

314.12

Less: Dividend including Dividend Distribution Tax paid during the year

-

43.22

Add: Transferred to retained earnings for vested cancelled options

1.23

-

Amount transferred to General Reserves

(18.36)

-

Balance available for appropriation

435.68

262.23

Basic EPS (H)

16.08

(0.01)

Diluted EPS (H)

16.02

(0.01)

(Amount: H in crore, except for EPS)

Particulars

FY 2020-21

FY 2019-20

Revenue from Operations & Other Income

4,653.81

5,033.39

Profit/(Loss) before Exceptional Items and Tax

220.78

10.01

Exceptional Items

25.49

-

Profit/(Loss) before Taxes

246.27

10.01

Share of Profit/(Loss) of subsidiaries, associates & joint ventures

-

(2.85)

Profit/(Loss) before Taxes

246.27

7.16

Less: Provision for Tax expenses

57.31

17.44

Profit/(Loss) for the period

188.96

(10.29)

Basic EPS (H)

16.54

(0.99)

Diluted EPS (H)

16.49

(0.99)

Statutory Reports

82nd Annual Report 2020-21

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

www.bajajelectricals.com

Notice of the Annual General Meeting

042

043:

Managing Director, Shri Anant Purandare, President

& Chief Financial Officer and Shri Ajay Nagle, EVP and Head - Legal &

Company Secretary and Compliance Officer, as Key Managerial Personnel

of the Company.

None of the Key Managerial Personnel of the Company has resigned during

the year under review.

Further, the Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting held on May

25, 2021, has:

a.

Taken on record the retirement of Shri Anant Purandare, President &

Chief Financial Officer and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company,

with effect from the close of business hours on June 30, 2021, upon his

attaining the age of superannuation; and

b.

Considered and approved the appointment of Shri E C Prasad, the

existing Vice President – Finance and Finance Controller of the Company,

as the new Chief Financial Officer and Key Managerial Personnel of the

Company with effect from the start of business hours on July 1, 2021.

Statutory Reports

82nd Annual Report 2020-21

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

www.bajajelectricals.com

Directors’ Report

048

049:

Managing Director

Executive Director

DIN: 00089358

DIN: 01908009

Anant Purandare

Ajay Nagle

President & CFO

EVP & Head - Legal and Company Secretary

ICSI Membership No. A9855

Mumbai, May 25, 2021

Statutory Reports

82nd Annual Report 2020-21

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

www.bajajelectricals.com

Directors’ Report

052

053:

Managing Director

Annexure A

Dividend Distribution Policy

For and on behalf of

Board of Directors of Bajaj Electricals Limited

Shekhar Bajaj

Mumbai

Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director and

Mumbai, May 25, 2021

Chairman of CSR Committee

Annexure D

FORM AOC-1

[Pursuant to first proviso to sub-section (3) of Section 129 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 5 of the

Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014]

Statement containing salient features of the financial statement of subsidiary, associate and joint venture

Names of subsidiaries which are yet to commence operations: Nil

Names of subsidiaries which have been liquidated or sold during the year: Nil

Part A: Subsidiary

Part B: Associate and Joint Venture

(Amounts: H in lakh)

Sr.

No.

Particulars

Nirlep Appliances

Private Limited

1.

Reporting period for the subsidiary concerned, if different from the holding company’s reporting period

Not applicable

2.

Reporting currency and exchange rate as on the last date of the relevant financial year in the case of foreign

subsidiaries

Not applicable

3.

Share capital

743.56

4.

Reserves & surplus

(3,431.20)

5.

Total assets

5,138.63

6.

Total liabilities

7,826.27

7.

Investments

1.71

8.

Turnover

5,136.76

9.

Profit before taxation

(471.04)

10.

Provision for taxation

(2.04)

11.

Profit after taxation

(469.00)

12.

Proposed dividend

-

13.

% of shareholding of the Company in the subsidiary

79.85

Sr.

No.

Particulars

Hind Lamps Limited

(Associate)

Starlite Lighting Limited

(Joint Venture)

1.

Date on which the associate or joint venture was

associated or acquired

January 7, 1952

February 23, 2007

2.

Latest audited Balance Sheet date

March 31, 2021

March 31, 2021

3.

Shares of associate/joint venture held by the

Company on the year end

Number of equity shares

1140000

5875000

Amount of investment in associate / joint venture

Nil

Nil*

Extent of holding %

19.00

47.00

4.

Description of how there is significant influence

As per Section 2(6) of the Act, “associate company”, in relation to another company, means

a company in which that other company has a significant influence, but which is not a

subsidiary of the Company having such influence and includes a joint venture company.

For the purposes of this clause, “significant influence” means control of at least 20%

of total share capital, or of business decisions under an agreement.

Since the Company is in a position to influence the operating and financial policies of

both these companies, their financial statements are consolidated with the Company’s

financial statements.

Statutory Reports

82nd Annual Report 2020-21

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

www.bajajelectricals.com

Directors’ Report

060

061:

Managing Director

May 25, 2021

DIN: 00089358

Annexure E

Nomination and Remuneration Policy

1.

Regulatory Framework

1.1. This policy (“Policy”) of Bajaj Electricals Limited (“Company”/“BEL”)

has been prepared and adopted in accordance with the Companies Act,

2013 (“Act”) and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI

LODR Regulations”) alongwith circulars issued thereunder, including any

statutory modifications or re-enactments thereof for the time being in

force.

1.2. Section 178(3) of the Act and Part D of Schedule II of SEBI LODR

Regulations requires the Nomination and Remuneration Committee

(“Committee”) to formulate the criteria for determining qualifications,

positive attributes and independence of a director, recommend to

the Board a policy relating to the remuneration for the directors, key

managerial personnel and other employees, criteria for evaluation of

performance, board diversity etc.

1.3. The Committee shall review the Policy periodically and may amend the

same from time to time, as deemed necessary.

2.

Objectives of this Policy

This policy aims to formulate certain criteria for the following activities

with regards to its directors, key managerial personnel, senior

management and employees:

2.1. Selection, appointment and removal;

2.2. Remuneration;

2.3. Evaluation of performance;

2.4. Board diversity.

3.

Definitions

3.1. “Key Managerial Personnel” or “KMP” in relation to the Company,

means-

3.1.1. the chief executive officer or the: managing director or the manager;

3.1.2. the company secretary;

3.1.3. the whole-time director;

3.1.4. the chief financial officer;

3.1.5. such other officer, not more than one level below the directors

who is in Whole-time employment, designated as key managerial

personnel by the Board; and

3.1.6. such other officer as may be prescribed.

3.2. “Net Profit” shall be calculated as per section 198 of the Act.

3.3. “Senior Management” shall mean officers/personnel of the Company

who are members of its core management team excluding board of

directors and normally this shall comprise all members of management

one level below the chief executive officer/managing director/whole

time director/manager (including chief executive officer/manager,

in case they are not part of the board) and shall specifically include

company secretary and chief financial officer.

4.

Criteria for Appointment of

Managing Director / Whole – Time Director / Executive Director

/ Non-executive Director

6.1.1. The Board shall appoint or re-appoint any person as a managing

director, whole-time director, executive director or manager for

a term not exceeding five years (5 years) at a time subject to

approval by the members at the next general meeting.

6.1.2. Not less than two-thirds of the total number of directors (excluding

independent directors) shall be persons whose period of office is

liable to determination by retirement of directors by rotation and

be appointed by the Company in general meeting; and at every

annual general meeting, one-third of such of the directors for the

time being as are liable to retire by rotation, or if their number is

neither three nor a multiple of three, then, the number nearest to

one-third, shall retire from office as per the provisions of the Act.

6.1.3. The directors retiring by rotation at every annual general meeting

shall be those who have been longest in the office since last

appointment; the retiring director amongst directors appointed on

the same day shall be determined by a lot.

6.1.4. At the annual general meeting at which a director retires by

rotation, the Company may fill up the vacancy either by appointing

the retiring director or some other person as may be deemed fit.

6.2. Independent Director

6.2.1. The term of appointment of an Independent Director shall be up to

five (5) years but he or she shall be eligible for re-appointment on

passing of a special resolution by the Company and disclosure of

such appointment shall be made in the Board’s Report.

6.2.2. No independent director shall hold office for more than two

consecutive terms but shall become eligible for appointment after

expiration of three years (3 years) cool off period, provided that he

or she shall not be appointed or associated with the Company in

any other capacity, either directly or indirectly during such period.

6.3. KMP and senior management

6.3.1. The term of appointment and subsequent retirement of KMPs

and senior management shall be as per the provisions of the law

including the Act, SEBI LODR Regulations, and prevailing policy of

the Company.

7.

Criteria for Recommendation of Remuneration

7.1. Executive Directors / Whole- Time Directors / Managing

Directors

7.1.1. The remuneration to the: Managing

Managing Director

Annexure F

FORM NO. MR-3

Secretarial Audit Report

For The Financial Year Ended March 31, 2021

[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 & Rule 9 of the Companies

(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]

To,

The Members,

Bajaj Electricals Limited

45/47, Veer Nariman Road,

Mumbai – 400001,

Maharashtra, India.

We have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance of applicable

statutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate practices by Bajaj

Electricals Limited (hereinafter called “the Company”). Secretarial Audit was

conducted in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating the

corporate conducts/statutory compliances and expressing our opinion thereon.

Based on our verification of the Company’s books, papers, minute books,

forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the Company and

also the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents and

authorized representatives during the conduct of the Secretarial Audit, we

hereby report that in our opinion, the Company has, during the audit period

covering the financial year ended on March 31, 2021 complied with the

statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper

Board processes and compliance mechanism in place to the extent, in the

manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter.

We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed

and other records maintained by the Company for the financial year ended on

March 31, 2021 according to the provisions of:

1.

The Companies Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’) and the Rules made thereunder;

2.

The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) and the Rules

made thereunder;

3.

The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws framed

thereunder;

4.

Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the Rules and Regulations

made there under;

5.

The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the

Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (‘SEBI Act’):

a)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial

Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;

b)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider

Trading) Regulations, 2015;

c)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018;

d)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based

Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014;

e)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of

Debt Securities) Regulations, 2008;

f)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue

and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 1993;

g)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity

Shares) Regulations, 2009 – Not applicable as the Company has

not delisted / proposed to delist its equity shares from any stock

exchange during the financial year under review;

h)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities)

Regulations, 2018– Not applicable as the Company has not bought

back / proposed to buy back its securities during the financial year

under review; and

i)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015;

Other Applicable Laws:

i.

The Factories Act, 1948 & the Central Rules or concerned State Rules,

made thereunder;

ii.

Boilers Act, 1923 & Rules made thereunder;

iii.

Environment Protection Act,1986;

iv.

The Water (Prevention & Control of Pollution) Act, 1974 read with water

(Prevention & Control of Pollution) Rules, 2011;

v.

The Legal Metrology Act, 2009 read with the Legal Metrology (Packaged

Commodity) Rules, 2011;

vi.

The Indian Copyright Act, 1957;

Statutory Reports

82nd Annual Report 2020-21

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

www.bajajelectricals.com

Directors’ Report

066

067:

letter.

Management’s Responsibility

1.

It is the responsibility of the management of the Company to maintain secretarial records, devise proper systems to ensure compliance with the provisions

of all applicable laws and regulations and to ensure that the systems are adequate and operate effectively.

Auditor’s Responsibility

2.

Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these secretarial records, standards and procedures followed by the Company with respect to the secretarial

compliances.

3.

We believe that audit evidence and information obtained from the Company’s management is adequate and appropriate for us to provide a basis for our

opinion.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the management’s representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and happening of events etc.

Disclaimer

5.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which the

management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

6.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of accounts of the Company.

For Anant B Khamankar & Co.

Sd/-

Anant Khamankar

Date: May 19, 2021

FCS No. – 3198

Place: Mumbai

CP No. – 1860

Annexure G

A. Conservation of Energy

(i)

The steps taken or impact on conservation of energy:

•

Modification of horizontal bending furnace by introduction of ‘air

blower operated burner’ in place of ‘compressed air burner’ at

RU1, resulting into saving of H 3.5 lakh per annum.

•

One ‘30HP energy efficient motor’ installed for combustion blower

in place of conventional motor in galva shop at RU1, resulting into

saving of H 2 lakh per annum.

•

10 nos. of variable frequency drive (VFDs) installed in electric

overhead traveling (EOT) cranes in galva shop at RU1, resulting

into saving of H 1.4 lakh per annum.

•

Use of magnetic lifter for heavy plates lifting at monopole line

RU2. Energy consumption encored due to use of conventional

vacuum lifter is eliminated.

•

Heavy-duty shearing machine replaced by portable shearing

machine for pole doorframe flat cutting at RU2. Motor HP reduced

from 5 HP to 2 HP.

•

Use of pole rotators and tacking fixture for fabrication at RU2.

Power saving by eliminating use of 5HP Overhead crane motor

load by 3 HP rotator motor.

•

Solar unit installed at chakan unit.

(ii)

The steps taken by the Company for utilising alternate sources of energy:

•

Rooftop solar panels being installed at RU1 and RU2.

•

Solar unit installed at chakan unit.

(iii) The capital investment on energy conservation equipments:

•

Capital investment of H 81.36 lakh on energy conservation

equipment viz. air blower operated burner, 30HP energy efficient

motor, variable frequency drive, magnetic lifter, portable shearing

machine, tacking fixture, pole rotators.

•

Capital investment of H 271.20 lakh at chakan unit on installation

of solar units.

(iv) Total energy consumption and energy consumption per unit of production:

In FY 2020-21, total energy consumption at RU1 & RU2 was 2176694 kwh.

The average unit per ton of production at RU1 & RU2 was 150.38 kwh/mt

in FY 2020-21, as compared to 116.48 KWH/MT in FY 2019-20.

(v)

Impact of the energy conservation measures for reduction of energy

consumption and consequent impact on the cost of production of goods:

•

Obtained Power Factor (PF) &Time of the day (TOD) Incentives of H

3.88 lakh and H 1.59 lakh for RU1 and RU2 respectively.

•

At chakan unit, savings of H 19.01 lakh, from November 2020 to

March 2021, due to installation of solar units. Investment (on solar

units) payback period is 5 years and 2 months.

B. Technology Absorption

(i)

The efforts made towards technology absorption:

•

Installation of pole rotators for monopole fabrication.

•

Installation of magnetic lifter for heavy plates handling.

(ii)

The benefits derived like product improvement, cost reduction, product

development or import substitution: Improvement in productivity.

(iii) In case of imported technology (imported during the last three years

reckoned from the beginning of the financial year): Not applicable.

(iv) The expenditure incurred on Research and Development (R&D):

(Amount: H in lakh)

Particulars

Numbers

(a) Capital

876.81

(b) Recurring

2,392.82

(c) Total

3,269.63

(d) Total R&D expenditure as a percentage of

turnover

0.71

C. Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo

The foreign exchange earned in terms of actual inflows and the foreign

exchange outgo during the year in terms of actual outflows during the year.

(Amount: H in lakh)

Foreign Exchange

Amount

Earned (Export)

8,651.63

Used (Import)

45,166.88

For and on behalf of

Board of Directors of Bajaj Electricals Limited

Shekhar Bajaj

Mumbai

Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

May 25, 2021

DIN: 00089358

Report on Corporate Governance

The Directors present the Company’s Report on Corporate Governance for the year ended March 31, 2021, in terms of Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V of

the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”).

COMPANY’S PHILOSOPHY ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The ethical values are the foundation of Company’s governance philosophy

which over the past eight decades of the Company’s existence has become

a part of its culture. We feel proud to belong to a Company whose visionary

founders laid the foundation stone for good governance long back and made

it an integral principle of the business. We strongly believe that in business,

there is something more important than just top line and bottom line and

hence, each of us needs to strive towards producing our very best in all we

do, so that, we not only fulfill the needs of each and every consumer, but also

far exceed their expectations. This is what has set us apart and this may be

the very reason that we have been able to enjoy a very special relationship

with our consumers. After all, when you strive, with every sinew to be the

best you can be, it will show.

Corporate Governance is about commitment to values and ethical business

conduct. Our actions are governed by our values and principles, which are

reinforced at all levels within the Company. We are committed to doing

things the right way which means taking business decisions and acting in a

way that is ethical and is in compliance with applicable legislations.

The Company emphasises on the need for complete transparency and

accountability in all its dealings to protect stakeholders interests. The

governance framework encourages the efficient utilisation of resources and

accountability for stewardship. The Board considers itself as the custodian of

trust and acknowledges its responsibilities towards stakeholders for wealth

creation sustainably and responsibly.

GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE

The Corporate Governance structure of the Company is as follows:

Board of Directors: The Board is entrusted with an ultimate responsibility

of the management, directions and performance of the Company. As its

primary role is fiduciary in nature, the Board provides leadership, strategic

guidance, objective and independent view to the Company’s management

while discharging its responsibilities, thus ensuring that the management

adheres to ethics, transparency and disclosures.

Committees of the Board: The Board has constituted the following

Committees viz, Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee,

Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee, Risk Management Committee, Corporate

Social Responsibility Committee and Finance Committee. Each of the aforesaid

Committees has been mandated to operate within a given framework.

Chairman &: Managing Director: The primary role of the

Managing Director

and has business & functional heads as its members, which looks after the

management of the day-to-day affairs of the Company.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The Company’s Board comprises people of eminence and repute who bring

the required skills, competence and expertise that allow them to make

effective contribution to the Board and its Committees.

The Board takes care of the business and stakeholders’ interest. The

Non-Executive Directors, including the Independent Directors are well

qualified, experienced and renowned persons from the fields of industrial,

manufacturing, general corporate management, finance, law, media,

corporate strategy, technical, marketing and other allied background. The

Board Members take an active part at the Board and Committee Meetings

and provide valuable guidance to the Management on various aspects of

business, governance and compliance, amongst others. The Board’s guidance

provides foresight, enhances transparency and adds value in decision-

making. The Company is managed by the Board in coordination with the

senior management team.

None of the Directors have attained the age of Seventy-five (75) years.

Composition and category of the Board as on March 31, 2021

As per Regulation 17(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, where the Chairman

is executive or a promoter, at least one half of the Board of the Company

should consist of independent directors. The composition and strength of the

Board is reviewed from time to time for ensuring that it remains aligned with

statutory as well as business requirements.

The Board of Directors as at the end of March 31, 2021, comprised of eleven

(11) Directors viz. one (1) Executive Director - Promoter, one (1) Executive

Director – Non Promoter, three (3) Non-Executive Directors – Promoters

including one Woman Director, one (1) Non-Executive Director – Independent

Woman Director, and five (5) Non-Executive Directors - Independent Directors,

and accordingly, has the following composition:

Category of Directors

No. of Directors

%

Executive Directors

2

18.18

Non-Executive Directors,

non-independent

3

27.27

Non-Executive Directors,

independent

6

54.55

The Chairman of the Board is an Executive Director. Independent Directors

constitute more than one-half of the total Board strength.

Board Diversity

The Company has over the years been fortunate to have eminent persons

from diverse fields to serve as Directors on its Board. Pursuant to the SEBI

Listing Regulations, the Nomination and Remuneration Policy of the Company

ensures diversity of the Board in terms of experience, knowledge, perspective,

background, gender, age and culture. The Policy is posted on the Company’s

website at: www.bajajelectricals.com.

Directors’ profile

The brief profiles of all the members of Board are available on the website of

the Company: www.bajajelectricals.com.

The Board has identified the following skill sets with reference to its business

and industry which are available with the Board:

Name of the

Director

Core Skills/Competencies/Expertise in

specific functional area

Shri Shekhar Bajaj

Industrialist, Electrical Consumer Durables

Industry domain, Experience in managing

a large business conglomerate, Business

Strategy and Corporate Management.

Shri Anuj Poddar

A Chartered Accountant with strong

professional experience across consumer

and other industries, Business Strategy and

Corporate Management.

Shri Madhur Bajaj

Industrialist, Experience in managing a large

industrial conglomerate.

Shri Rajiv Bajaj

Industrialist, Experience in managing a large

industrial conglomerate.

Smt. Pooja Bajaj

Strong commercial acumen.

Shri Harsh Vardhan

Goenka

Industrialist, Experience in managing a large

business conglomerate.

Shri Shailesh

Haribhakti

Experience in Auditing, Tax and Risk Advisory

Services.

Dr. (Smt.) Indu Shahani

Academics, Education.

Dr. Rajendra Prasad

Singh

Experience in managing a large industrial

conglomerate.

Shri Munish Khetrapal

Technology professional with extensive

leadership experience across global markets.

Shri Siddharth Mehta

Solicitor with experience across India and

other international territories in corporate and

commercial laws, litigation and arbitration.

Board meetings

The Board meets at regular intervals to discuss and decide on business

strategies/policies and review the financial performance of the Company and

its subsidiary. The Board meetings are pre-scheduled and a tentative annual

calendar of the Board meeting is circulated to the Directors well in advance

to facilitate them to plan their schedules accordingly. In case of business

exigencies, the Board’s approval is taken through circular resolutions. The

circular resolutions are noted at the subsequent Board meeting.

The notice and detailed agenda along with the relevant notes and other

material information are sent in advance to each Director and in exceptional

cases tabled at the meeting with the approval of the Board. This ensures

timely and informed decisions by the Board. The Board reviews the

performance of the Company vis-à-vis the budgets/targets.

Number of meetings of the Board

During the year 2020-21, the Board met six times, viz. May 14, 2020, June 19, 2020, August 11, 2020, November 5, 2020, February 4, 2021 and March 25, 2021.

The gap between any two meetings has been less than one hundred and twenty days.

Attendance record of directors

Composition of the Board and attendance record of directors for 2020-21:

*Appointed as an Additional Non-Executive Independent Director on the Board w.e.f. August 7, 2019, regularised by the shareholders at the AGM held on August 28, 2020.

**Shri Siddharth Mehta, whose current term is expiring on May 29, 2021, has conveyed his desire not to seek reappointment for the second term, owing to his professional commitments.

Accordingly, Shri Siddharth Mehta’s tenure as an Independent Director of the Company shall come to an end on May 29, 2021.

Information placed before the Board

The Company provides the information as set out in Regulation 17 read with

Part A of Schedule II of the SEBI Listing Regulations to the Board and the Board

Committees to the extent it is applicable and relevant. Such information is

submitted either as a part of the agenda papers in advance of the respective

meetings or by way of presentations and discussions during the meetings.

Post meeting mechanism

The important decisions taken at the Board / Committee meetings are

communicated to the concerned department / division.

Board support

The Company Secretary attends the Board Meetings and advises the Board

on compliances with applicable laws and governance.

Duties and Functions of the Board

The duties of Board of Directors have been enumerated in SEBI Listing

Regulations, Section 166 and Schedule IV of the Companies Act, 2013 (the

“Act”) (Schedule IV is specifically for Independent Directors). There is a clear

demarcation of responsibility and authority amongst the Board of Directors.

Meeting of Independent Directors

During the year under review, the independent directors met on June

19, 2020, inter alia to discuss (i) evaluation of the performance of Non

Independent Directors and the Board of Directors as a whole; (ii) evaluation

of the performance of the Chairman of the Company, taking into account

the views of the Executive and Non-Executive Directors; (iii) evaluation

of the quality, content and timelines of flow of information between the

Management and the Board that is necessary for the Board to effectively

and reasonably perform its duties; and (iv) other related matters. The meeting

was attended by all the independent directors.

Resignation of the Independent Director

During the year under review, none of the independent directors on the Board

of the Company has resigned.

Opinion of the Board

The Board hereby confirms that, in its opinion, the independent directors

on the Board fulfil the conditions specified in the SEBI Listing Regulations

and the Act and are independent of the management. A formal: letter of

appointment to independent directors as provided in the Act has been issued

and disclosed on website of the Company: www.bajajelectricals.com.

Name of the director

Category

Relationship with

other directors

No. of Board

Meetings attended

Whether attended

last AGM

Shri Shekhar Bajaj

Managing Director

and Executive Director of the Company does not serve as an independent director in more than three equity listed companies and in fact not even in a single entity.

None of the directors was a member in more than ten committees, nor a chairperson in more than five committees across all companies in which he was a director.

For the purpose of considering the limit of the committees on which a director can serve, all public limited companies, whether listed or not, have been included

and all other companies including private limited companies, foreign companies and companies under Section 8 of the Act have been excluded. Only audit

committee and stakeholders' relationship committee are considered for the purpose of reckoning committee positions.

Directorships in equity listed Companies

Name of equity listed entities where directors of the Company held directorships as on March 31, 2021:

Name of director

Directorships

Committee positions in listed and unlisted

public limited companies

In equity Listed

companies

In unlisted public

limited companies

In private limited

companies

As Member (including

as Chairman)

As Chairman

Shri Shekhar Bajaj

3

5

4

4

1

Shri Anuj Poddar

1

1

-

-

-

Shri Madhur Bajaj

5

-

4

-

-

Shri Rajiv Bajaj

5

-

3

-

-

Smt. Pooja Bajaj

1

-

-

1

1

Shri Harsh Vardhan Goenka

5

2

2

-

-

Shri Shailesh Haribhakti

7

3

9

10

5

Dr. (Smt.) Indu Shahani

4

1

4

8

1

Dr. Rajendra Prasad Singh

3

4

-

2

-

Shri Munish Khetrapal

1

-

-

-

-

Shri Siddharth Mehta

3

-

5

3

1

Name of director

Name of listed entities

Category

Shri Shekhar Bajaj

a)

Bajaj Electricals Limited

Chairman &: Managing Director, Executive

b)

Hercules Hoists Limited

managing director, whole time director or manager.

5.

To lay down / formulate the evaluation criteria for performance

evaluation of independent directors and the Board.

6.

To devise a policy on Board diversity.

7.

To ensure ‘Fit & Proper’ status of the proposed/existing directors.

8.

To recommend to Board, whether to extend or continue the term of

appointment of the independent director, on the basis of the report of

performance evaluation of independent directors.

9.

To review and approve the remuneration and change in remuneration

payable to whole-time directors.

10. To recommend to Board, all remuneration payable to senior management

(i.e. members of the core management team one level below the chief

executive officer/: managing director/whole time director and shall

specifically include Company Secretary and Chief Financial Officer); and

11. To act as the Compensation Committee under SEBI (Share Based

Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014 (including amendment thereof)

to determine the quantum of Employee Stock Options to be granted to

the employees under Company’s ESOP Plans; determine eligibility for

grant of ESOPS; decide the procedure for making a fair and reasonable

adjustment in case of corporate actions; procedure and terms for the

grant, vest and exercise of Employee Stock Option; procedure for

cashless exercise of Employee Stock Options etc.

12. To undertake specific duties as may be prescribed by the board from

time to time.

Remuneration Policy

The Board on the recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration

Committee has framed a Nomination and Remuneration Policy (“Policy”),

The attendance of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee members:

Sr.

No.

Name of Directors

Position

Category

No. of meetings attended

1.

Dr. (Smt.) Indu Shahani

Chairperson

Independent Director

4/4

2.

Shri Shekhar Bajaj

Member

Executive Director

4/4

3.

Dr. Rajendra Prasad Singh

Member

Independent Director

4/4

4.

Shri Siddharth Mehta

Member

Independent Director

4/4

providing a) Selection, appointment and removal; b) Remuneration; c)

Evaluation of performance; and d) Board diversity. The Policy is directed

towards rewarding performance, based on review of achievements. It is

aimed at attracting and retaining high caliber talent. The Policy is displayed

on the Company’s website: www.bajajelectricals.com.

Criteria for recommendation of remuneration

a)

Non-Executive Directors remuneration:

The remuneration of Non-Executive Directors is determined within

the limits prescribed under Section 197 of the Act read with the Rules

framed thereunder and SEBI Listing Regulations. The Non-Executive

Directors of the Company receive remuneration by way of sitting fees

for attending the Board and Committee meetings and commission as

detailed below:

(i)

Sitting fees of H 1,00,000 for each meeting of the Board and Audit

Committee, and H 50,000 for each meeting of other Committees

attended by the Director, as approved by the Board within the

overall limits prescribed under the Act;

(ii)

Payment of commission on an annual basis of H 1,00,000 for

each meeting of the Board and Audit Committee attended by

the Director, subject to the ceiling of 1% of the net profit of the

Company prescribed under the Act as approved by the Members

in the Eightieth (80th) AGM held on August 7, 2019;

(iii) Reimbursement of travelling and other related expenses incurred

by the Non-Executive Directors for attending the Board and

Committee meetings;

(iv) Independent Directors and any employee/director of the Company,

who is a promoter or belongs to the promoter group are not

entitled to participate in ESOPs of the Company.

The service contract, notice period and severance fees are not

applicable to Non-Executive Directors.

b)

Executive Directors’ remuneration:

The appointment and remuneration of Executive Directors, i.e. of

Managing Director of the Company;

c.

Maintenance of Statutory Registers at a place other

than the Registered Office of the Company; and

d.

Adoption of new set of Articles of Association of the

Company in conformity with the Companies Act, 2013.

Details of special resolution passed through postal ballot, the

persons who conducted the postal ballot exercise and details of the

voting pattern and procedure of postal ballot

During the year under review, no special resolution requiring a postal ballot

was passed. Further, there is no immediate proposal for passing any resolution

through postal ballot. None of the businesses proposed to be transacted in

the ensuing Annual General Meeting requires passing of a special resolution

through postal ballot.

MEANS OF COMMUNICATION TO SHAREHOLDERS

(i)

The unaudited quarterly/half yearly results are announced within forty-

five (45) days of the close of the quarter. The audited annual results are

announced within sixty (60) days from the closure of the financial year

as per the requirement of the SEBI Listing Regulations.

(ii)

The approved financial results are sent to the Stock Exchanges

forthwith and published in ‘Free Press Journal’ (English newspaper)

and ‘Navshakti’ (local language Marathi newspaper), within forty-eight

(48) hours of approval thereof. Presently the same are not sent to the

shareholders separately.

(iii) The Company’s financial results and official press releases are displayed

on the Company’s Website: www.bajajelectricals.com.

(iv) All financial and other vital official news releases and documents under

the SEBI Listing Regulations including any presentations made to the

institutional investors or/and analysts are also communicated to the

concerned stock exchanges, besides being placed on the Company’s

website.

(v)

The quarterly results, shareholding pattern, quarterly compliances and all

other corporate communication to the Stock Exchanges viz. BSE Limited

(“BSE”) and National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”) are filed

electronically. The Company has complied with filing submissions through

BSE’s BSE Listing Centre. Likewise, the said information is also filed

electronically with NSE through NSE’s NEAPS portal.

(vi) A separate dedicated section under “Investors Relation”, on the

Company’s website gives information on unclaimed dividends,

shareholding pattern, quarterly/half yearly results and other relevant

information of interest to the investors/public.

(vii) SEBI processes investor complaints in a centralised web-based

complaints redressal system i.e. SCORES. Through this system a

shareholder can lodge a complaint against the Company for redressal

of his grievance. The Company uploads the action taken report on the

complaint which can be viewed by the shareholder. The Company and

shareholder can seek and provide clarifications online through SEBI.

(viii) The Company has designated the email id: legal@bajajelectricals.com

for investor relations, and the same is prominently displayed on the

Company’s website www.bajajelectricals.com.

AFFIRMATIONS AND DISCLOSURES

a.

Related Party Transactions

All transactions entered into with the related parties as defined under

the Act and Regulation 23 of the SEBI Listing Regulations during the

financial year were in the ordinary course of business and on arm’s

length basis and are in compliance with the provisions of Section 188

of the Act. There were no materially significant transactions with related

parties during the financial year. Related party transactions have been

disclosed under significant accounting policies and notes forming part of

the financial statements in accordance with “IND AS”. A statement of

transactions entered into with the related parties in the ordinary course of

business and at arm’s length basis is periodically placed before the Audit

Committee for review and recommendation to the Board for its approval.

As required under Regulation 23(1) of the SEBI Listing Regulations,

the Company has formulated a policy on dealing with related party

AGM

Financial Year

Date and Time

Venue

Details of Special Resolution Passed

80th

2018-19

Wednesday,

August 7, 2019

at 12.30 P.M.

Kamalnayan Bajaj Hall, Bajaj

Bhavan, Jamnalal Bajaj Marg,

Nariman Point, Mumbai 400021

a.

Appointment of Shri Anuj Poddar as an Executive

Director;

b.

Alteration of Articles of Association of the Company;

c.

Borrowing by way of Issue of Securities; and

d.

Further Issue of Securities.

81st

2019-20

Friday,

August 28, 2020

at 2.30 P.M.

Meeting through Video

Conferencing / Other Audio

Visual Means that was anchored

at the registered office of the

company at 45-47, Veer Nariman

Road, Mumbai- 400001 (the

deemed venue).

a.

Borrowing by way of Issue of Securities;

b.

Giving loan or guarantee or providing security in

connection with loan availed by any of Company’s

subsidiary or other person specified under section 185

of the Act; and

c.

Amendments in the ‘Bajaj Electricals Limited Employee

Stock Option Plan 2015’.

Statutory Reports

82nd Annual Report 2020-21

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

www.bajajelectricals.com

Report on Corporate Governance

084

085:

Managing Director of the Company and protected disclosure

against the Chairman &: Managing Director should be addressed to the

Managing Director

DIN: 00089358

Mumbai

May 25, 2021

[Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C clause 10(i) of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirement)

Regulations, 2015]

To,

The Members,

Bajaj Electricals Limited

45/47, Veer Nariman Road,

Mumbai - 400001

Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C clause 10(i) of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirement)

Regulations, 2015, we hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board of Bajaj Electricals Limited have been debarred or disqualified from being

appointed or continuing as Directors of companies by the Securities Exchange Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such other statutory authority

as on the financial year ended on March 31, 2021.

For Anant B Khamankar & Co.

Company Secretaries

Sd/-

Anant B. Khamankar

Membership No.: 3198

C P No.: 1860

UDIN: F003198C000342306

Date: May 19, 2021

Place: Mumbai

Chairman &: Managing Director & Chief

Executive Officer (MD & CEO) and Chief

Financial Officer (CFO) Certification

To,

The Board of Directors,

Bajaj Electricals Limited

45/47, Veer Nariman Road,

Mumbai – 400001

Dear members of the Board,

We, the undersigned, in our respective capacities as

Managing Director,

to oversee policy implementation.

6.

Indicate the link for the policy to be viewed online?

Copies will be made available on receipt of written request from shareholders.

7.

Has the policy been formally communicated to all

relevant internal and external stakeholders?

The policies have been formally communicated to internal stakeholders. The

external stakeholders will be communicated in due course.

8.

Does the company have in-house structure to

implement the policy / policies?

Yes.

9.

Does the company have a grievance redressal

mechanism related to the policy/policies to address

stakeholder’s grievances to the policy / policies?

Yes.

10.

Has the company carried out independent audit/

evaluation of the working of this policy by an internal

or external agency?

No. It will be done in due course.

Section E: Business Responsibility (BR) Information

Principle 1: Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with

Ethics, Transparency and Accountability

1.

Does the policy relating to ethics, bribery and corruption cover only

the company? Yes/No. Does it extend to the Group/ Joint Ventures/

Suppliers/ Contractors/ Non-Governmental Organisations (NGOs)/

Others?

The Company has defined Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (‘Code’)

for Directors as well as all employees of the Company that covers

issues, inter-alia, related to ethics, bribery and corruption. It also covers

all dealings with suppliers, customers and other business partners and

other stakeholders. The Code forms an integral part of the induction of

new employees.

The Company also has a Whistle Blower Policy (‘Policy’) which enables

its directors and employees to report their concerns about unethical

behaviour, actual or suspected fraud or violation of the Company’s

Code and provides safeguards against victimisation of director(s)/

employee(s), who avail of the mechanism.

The Company also has policies for (a) Determining Materiality of Events

and Information, to ensure disclosure of any event or information which,

pursuant to SEBI regulations is material to determine whether an event

or information is material or not and to ensure timely, accurate, uniform

and transparent disclosure; and (b) Prevention of Insider Trading and

protection of the unpublished price sensitive information.

The copies of all the above-mentioned policies are available on the

website of the Company: www.bajajelectricals.com.

Section C – Other details

Section D: Business Responsibility (BR) Information

1.

Details of Director/Directors responsible for BR

a.

Details of the Director(s) responsible for implementation of the Business Responsibility Policy/Policies (‘BR Policy/Policies’)

b.

Details of the BR head

Shri Shekhar Bajaj, Chairman &: Managing Director of the Company, oversees the BR implementation. The Company does not have a BR head as of now.

2.

Principle-wise (as per NVGs) BR Policy/Policies (Reply in Yes/No)

The BR Policy/Policies of the Company addresses the following 9 principles as per the NVGs, released by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, which have

been duly approved by the Board of Directors and adopted by the Company:

NVGs Principle-

P1: Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with Ethics, Transparency and Accountability.

P2: Businesses should provide goods and services that are safe and contribute to sustainability throughout their life cycle.

P3: Business should promote well-being of all employees.

P4: Businesses should respect the interests of, and be responsive towards all stakeholders, especially those who are disadvantaged, vulnerable and

marginalised.

P5: Business should respect and promote Human Rights.

P6: Business should respect, protect, and make efforts to restore the environment.

P7: Businesses, when engaged in influencing public and regulatory policy, should do so in a responsible manner.

P8: Businesses should support inclusive growth and equitable development.

P9: Businesses should engage with and provide value to their customers and consumers in a responsible manner.

1.

Does the Company have any Subsidiary Company/Companies?

Yes

2.

Do the Subsidiary Company/Companies participate in the BR Initiatives of the parent company? If yes, then indicate

the number of such subsidiary company(s).

No

3.

Do any other entity/entities (e.g. suppliers, distributors etc.) that the Company does business with, participate in

the BR initiatives of the Company? If yes, then indicate the percentage of such entity/ entities? [Less than 30%,

30-60%, More than 60%].

No

Sr.

No.

Particulars

Details

1.

DIN Number (if applicable)

00089358

2.

Name

Shekhar Bajaj

3.

Designation

Managing Director

Executive Director

DIN: 00089358

DIN: 01908009

per Vikram Mehta

Ajay Nagle

Anant Purandare

Shailesh Haribhakti

Partner

Executive Vice President

President &

Chairman - Audit Committee

Membership No.105938

Legal & Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

DIN: 00007347

Mumbai, May 25, 2021

Mumbai, May 25, 2021

(H in Lakhs)

Particulars

Notes

31-Mar-21

31-Mar-20

Income:

Revenue from operations

24

4,57,306.34

4,97,708.58

Other income

25

7,268.64

5,263.32

Total Income

4,64,574.98

5,02,971.90

Expenses:

Cost of raw materials consumed

26

29,378.51

27,342.03

Purchases of traded goods

2,97,245.53

2,96,999.27

Changes in inventories of work-in-progress, finished goods, traded goods

26

(26,970.43)

8,797.48

Erection & subcontracting expenses

27

24,368.64

31,063.45

Employee benefit expenses

28

38,827.79

39,601.54

Depreciation and amortisation expense

29

6,926.12

6,801.17

Other expenses

30

64,302.09

73,212.38

Finance cost

31

7,555.16

16,915.53

Total Expenses

4,41,633.41

5,00,732.85

Profit before exceptional items and tax

22,941.57

2,239.05

Exceptional Items

44

(1,176.12)

-

Profit before tax

24,117.69

2,239.05

Income tax expense:

Current tax

32

4,761.14

119.00

Deferred tax

9

992.45

2,133.21

Total tax expenses

5,753.59

2,252.21

Profit / (loss) for the year

18,364.10

(13.16)

Other comprehensive (income) / loss

Items that will not be reclassified to profit and loss in subsequent periods

Remeasurement (gains)/losses on defined benefit plans

21

(928.22)

1,140.81

Tax impacts on above

9

233.61

(287.12)

Gain on bargain purchase on demerger

44

(165.18)

-

Other comprehensive (income) / loss, net of tax

(859.79)

853.69

Total Comprehensive Income / (loss) , net of tax

19,223.89

(866.85)

Earnings per equity share before exceptional items (face value per share J 2)

39

Basic

15.05

(0.01)

Diluted

15.00

(0.01)

Earnings per equity share after exceptional items (face value per share J 2)

39

Basic

16.08

(0.01)

Diluted

16.02

(0.01)

Summary of significant accounting policies

1B

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Financial Statements

Statement of Profit and Loss for the year ended March 31, 2021

As per our report attached of even date

For S R B C & CO LLP

For and on behalf of the Board of directors

ICAI Firm Registration No. 324982E/E300003

Chartered Accountants

Shekhar Bajaj

Anuj Poddar

Chairman &: Managing Director

Executive Director

DIN: 00089358

DIN: 01908009

per Vikram Mehta

Ajay Nagle

Anant Purandare

Shailesh Haribhakti

Partner

Executive Vice President

President &

Managing Director

Executive Director

DIN: 00089358

DIN: 01908009

per Vikram Mehta

Ajay Nagle

Anant Purandare

Shailesh Haribhakti

Partner

Executive Vice President

President &

Chairman - Audit Committee

Membership No.105938

Legal & Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

DIN: 00007347

Mumbai, May 25, 2021

Mumbai, May 25, 2021

Financial Statements

82nd Annual Report 2020-21

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

www.bajajelectricals.com

Statement of changes in equity

170

171:

Managing Director

Executive Director

DIN: 00089358

DIN: 01908009

per Vikram Mehta

Ajay Nagle

Anant Purandare

Shailesh Haribhakti

Partner

Executive Vice President

President &

Chairman - Audit Committee

Membership No.105938

Legal & Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

DIN: 00007347

Mumbai, May 25, 2021

Mumbai, May 25, 2021

Financial Statements

82nd Annual Report 2020-21

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

www.bajajelectricals.com

Standalone cash flow statement

172

173:

letter of comfort for all borrowings (long term / short term) taken by its joint venture, Starlite Lighting Limited

(SLL). As on March 31, 2021, the utilised amounts of these facilities were H 22,986.70 lakhs. Management has determined the enterprise value

of SLL based on the discounted cash flow projections for a period of 5 years, terminal growth rate of 3% and a discounting factor of 13.60%. The

perpetuity value used in valuation is calculated under a 2-stage DCF model i.e., high growth phase and mature phase. The 5-year high growth period

(FY22 – FY26) is considered which has contributed H 177.42 crores to the enterprise value. Post high growth period, perpetuity sales growth rate is

considered at 3%. The enterprise value is greater than the value of the external debt of SLL and considering the sensitivity around the assumptions

used, the exposure in this regard is considered to be ‘possible’ and disclosed as contingent liability (Refer Note 34).

xi.

These represent legal claims filed against the Company by various parties and these matters are in litigation. Management has assessed that in all

these cases the outflow of resources embodying economic benefits is not probable.

xii. The Company had in earlier years terminated employment agreements of few die casting workmen at the Chakan plant. On 3rd July, 2018, the

Honourable Hight Court of Bombay had awarded the appeal in favour of the Company. On 27th June, 2019, the appeal on the matter has been

admitted in the Honourable Supreme Court. Management has assessed that the outflow of resources embodying economic benefits is not probable

and has accordingly considered the claim of H 292.28 lakhs as contingent liability.

xiii. The Company has issued purchase orders to a vendor for procurement of "AB cables and service cables" to its Madhyanchal (“MVVNL”) and

Purvanchal (“PVVNL”) projects site in UP. The vendor being a MSME registered party has filed the case under MSMED Act, 2006 claiming interest

as well as principal against the Company. Per the case, vendor claims to have supplied consignments as per the terms and conditions mentioned in

the purchase orders however payments have not been made by the Company. The management has filed a Statement of Defence and Counter Claim

since the vendor has failed to comply with the terms and conditions in the purchase order (viz. timely supply of material, supply of the material as

per specifications, making good of any short supply of material, providing replacement of material flagged as not meeting specifications or deficient

in quality). Accordingly, the management has assessed the exposure in this regard to be not probable and disclosed H 182.83 lakhs as contingent

liability.

xiv. There are numerous interpretative issues relating to the Supreme Court (SC) judgement on Provident Fund dated 28th February, 2019. As a matter of

caution, the company has made a provision on a prospective basis from the date of the SC order. The Company will update its provision, on receiving

further clarity on the subject.

Financial Statements

82nd Annual Report 2020-21

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

www.bajajelectricals.com

Notes to financial statements

234

235:

Managing Director

Executive Director

DIN: 00089358

DIN: 01908009

per Vikram Mehta

Ajay Nagle

Anant Purandare

Shailesh Haribhakti

Partner

Executive Vice President

President &

Chairman - Audit Committee

Membership No.105938

Legal & Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

DIN: 00007347

Mumbai, May 25, 2021

Mumbai, May 25, 2021

Financial Statements

82nd Annual Report 2020-21

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

www.bajajelectricals.com

Notes to financial statements

240

241:

Managing Director

Executive Director

DIN: 00089358

DIN: 01908009

per Vikram Mehta

Ajay Nagle

Anant Purandare

Shailesh Haribhakti

Partner

Executive Vice President

President &

Chairman - Audit Committee

Membership No.105938

Legal & Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

DIN: 00007347

Mumbai, May 25, 2021

Mumbai, May 25, 2021

Financial Statements

82nd Annual Report 2020-21

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

www.bajajelectricals.com

250

251

Consolidated Balance Sheet:

Managing Director

Executive Director

DIN: 00089358

DIN: 01908009

per Vikram Mehta

Ajay Nagle

Anant Purandare

Shailesh Haribhakti

Partner

Executive Vice President

President &

Chairman - Audit Committee

Membership No.105938

Legal & Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

DIN: 00007347

Mumbai, May 25, 2021

Mumbai, May 25, 2021

Financial Statements

82nd Annual Report 2020-21

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

www.bajajelectricals.com

252

253

Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss:

Managing Director

Executive Director

DIN: 00089358

DIN: 01908009

per Vikram Mehta

Ajay Nagle

Anant Purandare

Shailesh Haribhakti

Partner

Executive Vice President

President &

Chairman - Audit Committee

Membership No.105938

Legal & Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

DIN: 00007347

Mumbai, May 25, 2021

Mumbai, May 25, 2021

Financial Statements

82nd Annual Report 2020-21

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

www.bajajelectricals.com

254

255

Consolidated Statement of changes in equity:

Managing Director

Executive Director

DIN: 00089358

DIN: 01908009

per Vikram Mehta

Ajay Nagle

Anant Purandare

Shailesh Haribhakti

Partner

Executive Vice President

President &

Chairman - Audit Committee

Membership No.105938

Legal & Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

DIN: 00007347

Mumbai, May 25, 2021

Mumbai, May 25, 2021

(H in Lakhs)

Change in liability arising from financing activities

Year ended

31st March 2021

Year ended

31st March 2020

Borrowings as on the beginning of the year

96,202.47

158,998.48

Proceeds from borrowings *

1,860.30

29,518.69

Repayment of borrowings

(53,813.88)

(92,919.31)

Acquired on demerger of Hind Lamps Limited

2,775.55

–

Foreign exchange movement

38.45

604.61

Borrowings as on the end of the year

47,062.89

96,202.47

Financial Statements

82nd Annual Report 2020-21

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

www.bajajelectricals.com

256

257

Consolidated Cash Flow statement:

letter of comfort for all borrowings (long term / short term) taken by its joint venture, Starlite Lighting Limited

(SLL). As on March 31, 2021, the utilised amounts of these facilities were H 22,986.70 lakhs. Management has determined the enterprise value

of SLL based on the discounted cash flow projections for a period of 5 years, terminal growth rate of 3% and a discounting factor of 13.60%. The

perpetuity value used in valuation is calculated under a 2-stage DCF model i.e. high growth phase and mature phase. The 5-year high growth period

(FY22 – FY26) is considered which has contributed H 177.42 crores to the enterprise value. Post high growth period, perpetuity sales growth rate is

considered at 3%. The enterprise value is greater than the value of the external debt of SLL and considering the sensitivity around the assumptions

used, the exposure in this regard is considered to be ‘possible’ and disclosed as contingent liability (Refer Note 34).

xi.

These represent legal claims filed against the Company by various parties and these matters are in litigation. Management has assessed that in all

these cases the outflow of resources embodying economic benefits is not probable.

xii. The Company had in earlier years terminated employment agreements of few die casting workmen at the Chakan plant. On 3rd July, 2018, the

Honourable Hight Court of Bombay had awarded the appeal in favour of the Company. On 27th June, 2019, the appeal on the matter has been

admitted in the Honourable Supreme Court. Management has assessed that the outflow of resources embodying economic benefits is not probable

and has accordingly considered the claim of H 292.28 lakhs as contingent liability.

xiii. The Company has issued purchase orders to a vendor for procurement of “AB cables and service cables” to its Madhyanchal (“MVVNL”) and

Purvanchal (“PVVNL”) projects site in UP. The vendor being a MSME registered party has filed the case under MSMED Act, 2006 claiming interest

as well as principal against the Company. Per the case, vendor claims to have supplied consignments as per the terms and conditions mentioned in

the purchase orders however payments have not been made by the Company. The management has filed a Statement of Defence and Counter Claim

since the vendor has failed to comply with the terms and conditions in the purchase order (viz. timely supply of material, supply of the material as

per specifications, making good of any short supply of material, providing replacement of material flagged as not meeting specifications or deficient

in quality). Accordingly, the management has assessed the exposure in this regard to be not probable and disclosed H 182.83 lakhs as contingent

liability.

xiv. There are numerous interpretative issues relating to the Supreme Court (SC) judgement on Provident Fund dated 28th February 2019. As a matter

of caution, the Group has made a provision on a prospective basis from the date of the SC order. The Group will update its provision, on receiving

further clarity on the subject.

b.

Commitments

i.

Estimated amounts of contracts remaining to be executed in capital account (net of capital advances) is H 1,474.86 lakhs (March 31, 2020, H 1,266.19

lakhs).

ii.

During the previous year the Company has entered into an agreement with Bharat Innovation Fund (Category 1 Alternative Investment Fund –

Venture Capital Fund) amongst IDBI Trusteeship Services Limited (the trustee) and CIIE Advisors Private Limited (the fund manager), for a contribution

of H 1,300 lakhs. As on March 31, 2021, only H 418.94 Lakhs has been drawn down by Bharat Innovation Fund.

Financial Statements

82nd Annual Report 2020-21

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

www.bajajelectricals.com

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

320

321:

Managing Director

Executive Director

DIN: 00089358

DIN: 01908009

per Vikram Mehta

Ajay Nagle

Anant Purandare

Shailesh Haribhakti

Partner

Executive Vice President

President &

Chairman - Audit Committee

Membership No.105938

Legal & Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

DIN: 00007347

Mumbai, May 25, 2021

Mumbai, May 25, 2021

Financial Statements

82nd Annual Report 2020-21

Bajaj Electricals Limited (BEL)

www.bajajelectricals.com

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

328

329

45/47, Veer Nariman Road, Mumbai - 400 001 | CIN: L31500MH1938PLC009887

www.bajajelectricals.com

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Some information in this report may contain forward-looking statements which include statements regarding Company’s expected financial position and results of operations, business

plans and prospects etc. and are generally identified by forward-looking words such as “believe,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “continue,” “estimate,” “expect,” “may,” “will” or other similar

words. Forward-looking statements are dependent on assumptions or basis underlying such statements. We have chosen these assumptions or basis in good faith, and we believe

that they are reasonable in all material respects. However, we caution that actual results, performances or achievements could differ materially from those expressed or implied in

such forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forwardlooking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.:

