Managing Director & CEO of the Company for a

period of three years with effect from February 09,

2021 and payment of remuneration:

To consider and if thought fit, to approve with or without

modification(s), the following resolution as a Special

Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Sections 2(51), 196,

197, 198 and 203 read with Schedule V and other applicable

provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’)

and the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of

Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, including any statutory

amendment(s) or modification(s) thereto from time to

time, in accordance with the provisions of the Articles of

Association of the Company and the recommendations

of the Compensation, Nomination and Remuneration

Committee and the approval of the Board of Directors of

the Company and subject to necessary approval(s), if any,

consent of the Members of the Company be and is hereby

accorded for the re-appointment of Mr. Sanjay Sethi (DIN:

00641243) as: Managing

Managing Director & CEO (DIN: 00641243)

To consider and if thought fit, to approve with or without

modification(s), the following resolution as a Special

Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of

Sections 196 to 198 read with Schedule V of the Companies

Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) and other applicable provisions, if any,

and the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of

Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory

amendment(s), modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof)

and in accordance with the Articles of Association of the

Company and necessary approval(s), if any, and pursuant to

the recommendation of the Compensation, Nomination and

Remuneration Committee and the approval of the Board

of Directors of the Company, the approval of the Members

of the Company be and is hereby accorded to ratify and

confirm the waiver of recovery of the excess remuneration

amounting to ` 2,59,61,199 paid / payable to Mr. Sanjay

Sethi,: Managing

letter in Form

PAS-4 to be issued by the Board of Directors of the

Company.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of

giving effect to this resolution and raising of funds by way

of Series-C NCRPS to the identified investors, consent of

the Members of the Company be and is hereby accorded

to the Board of Directors to finalise and issue the Private

Placement Offer: Letter along with application form in

the manner prescribed under the Act and the Rules made

thereunder, and to do such other acts, deeds and things as

may be deemed necessary in connection with the Series-C

NCRPS as well as in connection with the Unsecured Loans

and Inter Corporate Deposits.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the

letter providing the email address,

mobile number, self-attested PAN copy and Client Master

copy for electronic folios for sending the Annual Report,

Notice of AGM and the e-voting instructions by email.

iv.

Members only desiring to download the Annual Report and

Notice of the AGM, may visit the website of the Company

https://www.chalethotels.com/annual-report-20-21 or

the websites of the Stock Exchanges i.e. National Stock

Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited at www.

nseindia.com and www.bseindia.com respectively, or the

website of the RTA viz. https://evoting.kfintech.com, for

the same.

6.

As this AGM is being held pursuant to the Applicable

Circulars through VC / OAVM, physical attendance of

Members has been dispensed with. Accordingly, the

facility for appointment of proxies by the Members will

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Directors of the

Company, the Chief Financial Officer and the Company

Secretary be and are hereby severally authorised to negotiate

and decide from time to time, the terms and conditions,

execute necessary documents, papers, agreements, etc. in

respect of the aforesaid loans / inter-corporate deposits,

guarantees or securities to the subsidiary of the Company

and to do all such acts, deeds and things and to give such

directions as may be necessary or expedient in its absolute

discretion as it deems fit and to delegate all or any of these

powers to any Committee of the Board or any other Officer

in this regard.”

By order of the Board of Directors

For Chalet Hotels Limited

Christabelle Baptista

Place: Mumbai

Company Secretary

Date: July 2, 2021

Membership No.: A17817

Chalet Hotels Limited / Annual Report 2020-21

04:

Letter etc., certified to be true, to the

Scrutiniser at e-mail ID: avinash.bagul1959@gmail.

com with a copy marked to evoting@kfintech.com.

The scanned copy of the above mentioned documents

should be named in the format “CHALET HOTELS

LIMITED_EVEN 6029”.

xiii. Members who have already voted through remote

e-voting before the AGM will be eligible to attend the

AGM.

B.

Members whose Email IDs are not registered with the

Company / DPs and consequently have not received the

Annual Report, Notice of AGM and e-voting instructions

will have to follow the following process:

i.

Members who have not registered their email address

and consequently have not received the Annual

Report, Notice of AGM and e-voting instructions

may temporarily get their email address and mobile

number registered with KFin, by accessing the link:

07:

letter providing the email address,

mobile number, self-attested copy of PAN and copy of

Client Master for sending the Annual Report, Notice

of AGM and the e-voting instructions.

iii.

After receiving the e-voting instructions, please follow

all the steps mentioned in Point A above to cast your

vote by electronic means.

Details for Option 3 are mentioned below:

Instructions for all the shareholders for attending the AGM of

the Company through VC / OAVM and e-Voting during the

meeting.

i.

Members are being provided the facility to attend the

AGM through VC / OAVM platform of KFin. Members

are requested to participate in the AGM through VC /

OAVM by visiting the link https://emeetings.kfintech.com

and logging in by using their e-voting credentials. Further,

Members have to click on ‘Video Conference’ option and

select the EVEN and the name of the Company. Click on

the video symbol and accept the meeting etiquettes to join

the AGM. Please note that the Members who do not have

the User ID and Password for e-voting or have forgotten the

User ID and Password may retrieve the same by following

the remote e-voting instructions mentioned in the Notice.

ii.

Facility of joining the AGM through VC / OAVM shall open

30 minutes before the time scheduled for the AGM (i.e.

3.30 p.m. (IST) on Thursday, August 12, 2021) and will

be available for Members on first-come-first-served basis.

iii.

For a better experience, Members are encouraged to join

the AGM through their computers with Google Chrome,

Safari, Internet Explorer, Microsoft Edge, Mozilla Firefox

22 browser.

iv.

Further, Members wishing to speak at the AGM may be

required to turn camera on/enable video and are requested

to use internet with good speed to avoid any disturbance

during the Meeting.

v.

Please note that participants connecting from mobile

devices / tablets / computers via mobile hotspot may

experience audio/video loss due to fluctuation in their

respective network. It is therefore recommended to use

stable Wi-Fi or LAN connection to mitigate any kind of

aforesaid glitches.

vi.

Members who would like to express their views or ask

questions during the AGM may register themselves

as a speaker shareholder by accessing the link

https://emeetings.kfintech.com from Monday, August 09,

2021 to Wednesday, August 11, 2021 upto 5.00 p.m. (IST).

Only those Members who have registered themselves

as a speaker will be allowed to express their views / ask

questions during the AGM and may have to allow camera

access during the AGM. The Company reserves the right to

restrict the number of speakers depending on the availability

of time for the AGM. Please note that, Members’ questions

will be answered only if they continue to hold shares as on

the cut-off date.

vii. The Members who have not cast their vote through remote

e-voting shall be eligible to cast their vote through e-voting

system at the AGM. E-voting at the AGM is integrated with

the VC / OAVM platform. The Members may click on the

voting icon displayed on the screen to cast their votes which

will be activated for 15 minutes after the conclusion of the

proceedings of the meeting.

viii. A Member can opt for only single mode of voting i.e.,

through remote e-voting or voting at the AGM.

ix.

Facility of joining the AGM through VC / OAVM shall

be available for atleast 1,000 members on first come first

served basis.

Institutional Members are encouraged to attend and vote at the

AGM which is being convened through VC / OAVM.

Other Instructions:

Any person, who acquires shares of the Company and becomes

a Member after dispatch of the Notice and holds shares as of

the cut-off date, may obtain the ‘User ID’ and ‘Password’ in the

manner mentioned below:

i.

where the mobile number of the Member is registered

against DP ID and Client ID, the Member may send an

SMS: MYEPWD (E-Voting Event Number) + DP ID and

Client ID to 9212993399. For example

- NSDL: MYEPWD IN12345612345678

- CDSL: MYEPWD 1402345612345678

ii.

where e-mail address or mobile number of the Member is

registered against DP ID and Client ID, then on the home

page of https://evoting.kfintech.com/, the Member may

click “Forgot Password” and enter DP ID & Client ID and

PAN to generate a password.

In case the Member is already registered with KFin for remote

e-Voting then they can use their existing User ID and Password

for logging in and casting their vote.

KFin shall endeavour to send User ID and Password to those

new Members whose e-mail address is available.

Members can also reach out to KFin’s toll free number 1800-

3454-001 OR send an e-mail request to einward.ris@kfintech.

com.

Chalet Hotels Limited / Annual Report 2020-21

08:

Managing Director & CEO)

Date of Birth

June 27, 1974

January 8, 1965

Age

46 years

56 years

Date of first

appointment on the

Board (current term)

September 4, 1995

February 9, 2018

Qualifications

Bachelor of Law - University of Mumbai

Master of Commerce - University of Mumbai

Owner/President Management Program -

Harvard Business School

Diploma in Hotel Management, Catering and Nutrition

from IHM Pusa

Certified Hotel Administrator (CHA) from American Hotel

and Lodging Educational Institute

Experience and

Expertise in Specific

Functional Areas

Mr. Neel Raheja has earned his place at the helm of the

Group, scaling it to new heights. With an ear to the ground

and ability to pre-empt current and possible future trends

and practices, Mr. Raheja has been at the fore-front of

driving change and innovation within the Group. He also

ushered in the malls and department stores format in India;

Inorbit Malls and Shoppers Stop are the culmination of his

endeavour to bring organised retail into India.

He plays an active role in the Group’s philanthropic

initiatives through K Raheja Foundation, Sadhana

Education Society and S. L. Raheja Hospital. He also drives

the Group’s growth through Green Building initiatives in

sustainable development.

In 2019, he was awarded the EY Entrepreneur of the

Year Award in the Energy, Real Estate and Infrastructure

category, along with his brother Mr. Ravi Raheja.

Mr. Sanjay Sethi has over 33 years of experience in the

hospitality industry. He founded Berggruen Hotels Private

Limited in 2006 along with Berggruen Holdings, New York.

He has briefly worked with ITC Limited as Chief Operating

Officer for their Hotels Division and had a 14 year stint with

the Taj Group of Hotels. Mr. Sethi is actively associated

with many industry forums in bringing about reforms

for the hospitality sector. He is an Executive Committee

Member of Hotel Association of India (HAI) and a special

invitee to the Executive Committee of Hotel and Restaurant

Association of Western India (HRAWI). He is also a member

of the National Real Estate Committee of FICCI and the

Convenor for the Tourism Panel of CII Maharashtra and

member of the Policy panel of CII Maharashtra.

Terms & Conditions

relating to appointment

including proposed

Remuneration

Director liable to retire by rotation and shall be entitled to

sitting fees for attending Board / Committee Meetings and

commission, if any, for succeeding financial years.

As per the Resolution at Item No. 5 of the Notice read with

Explanatory Statement thereto.

Remuneration

(including sitting fee)

for the year 2020-21

` 7,00,000 (Sitting Fees)

` 4,08,41,264 (exclusive of ESOP expense of ` 55,91,878)

Number of Board

Meetings attended

during the year 2020-21

5 (Five)

5 (Five)

Directorships of other

Boards

1. Genext Hardware & Parks Private Limited

2. Eternus Real Estate Private Limited

3. Inorbit Malls (India) Private Limited

4. Intime Properties Limited

5. Ivory Properties and Hotels Private Limited

6. K. Raheja Corp Private Limited

7. K. Raheja IT Park (Hyderabad) Limited

8. K. Raheja Private Limited

9. Shoppers Stop Limited

10. Sundew Properties Limited

11. Trion Properties Private Limited

1. Chalet Hotels & Properties (Kerala) Private Limited

2. Belaire Hotels Private Limited

3. Seapearl Hotels Private Limited

09:

Managing Director & CEO of the

Company at its meeting held on November 10, 2020 with effect

from February 9, 2021 for a period of three years. Accordingly,

approval of the Members is being sought for approving the

appointment and the remuneration of Mr. Sanjay Sethi as the: Managing

Managing Director shall be entitled to annual

increments as may be decided by the Board.

VII. The valuation of perquisites shall be as per the

Income Tax Rules and wherever no method of

valuation is prescribed therein, the same shall be

valued at cost.

VIII. The terms and conditions of the said appointment

may be altered and varied from time to time by the

Board as it may, in its discretion, deem fit in such

manner as may be agreed between the Board and

Mr. Sethi, subject to such statutory approvals as

may be required.

D.

The Company shall pay or reimburse actual entertainment

and travelling expenses incurred by the MD in connection

with the Company’s business.

E.

The terms and conditions of the said appointment may

be altered and varied from time to time by the Board or

a Committee thereof as it may, in its discretion, deem fit

in such manner as may be agreed between the Board and

Mr. Sanjay Sethi, subject to such statutory approvals as may

be required.

F.

Other Terms and Conditions:

i.

All personnel policies of the Company and the related Rules

which are applicable to other employees of the Company

shall also be applicable to Mr. Sanjay Sethi, unless

specifically provided otherwise.

ii.

Mr. Sanjay Sethi is appointed as a Director by virtue of his

employment in the Company and the appointment shall be

subject to the provisions of Section 164 of the Act.

iii.

The appointment may be terminated either by Mr. Sanjay

Sethi or by the Company by giving 90 days’ notice in

writing.

iv.

Mr. Sanjay Sethi shall continue in the said capacity as long

as the Board of Directors deems fit. The termination of his

employment for whatever reason shall automatically and

forthwith result in the termination of his appointment as

the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO of the Company.

Remuneration proposed

As per the resolution at Item No. 5 of the Notice read with Explanatory Statement thereto.

Comparative remuneration profile with

respect to industry, size of the Company,

profile of the position and person

The remuneration paid to Mr. Sethi is commensurate with the size and scale of the Company’s operations

as well as counterparts from the industry.

Pecuniary relationship directly or

indirectly with the Company, or

relationship with the managerial

personnel, if any

None

III. Other information:

Reasons of loss or inadequate profits

The hospitality operations of your Company have been adversely impacted, in line with the impact on

hospitality industry on account of the COVID 19 pandemic.

Steps taken or proposed to be taken for

improvement

Prudent cash flow management, smart cost saving measures undertaken as an early response to the

pandemic coupled with a strategic mix of asset classes has helped in achieving higher than break-even in

operating profit in each quarter of the year. Further, the Company is exploring new avenues for sweating

of its assets.

Expected increase in productivity and

profits in measurable terms

The Company has initiated various cost saving measures as well as taken steps for utilisation of under-

utilized spaces at its premises.

The Company has restarted work on the Commercial Building Projects at Powai, Mumbai and Whitefield,

Bengaluru, which is expected to contribute significantly to the Company’s revenues and EBITDA.

Also, the Company is working towards repurposing of its non-performing assets, such as the Retail

Complex at Sahar, Mumbai that is being converted into Commercial Office space. Renovation of the

Renaissance Mumbai Convention Centre Hotel, Powai is also underway to re-position it to a higher

brand of ‘Westin’ with an aim to improve yields from the asset.

IV. Disclosures:

As required under Para B of Section II of Part II of Schedule

V of the Act, requisite disclosures have been included in the

Corporate Governance Report.

Mr. Sanjay Sethi satisfies all the conditions set out in Part-I

of Schedule V to the Act and also conditions set out under

sub-section 3 of Section 196 of the Act for being eligible for

appointment.

Mr. Sanjay Sethi is not disqualified from being appointed as

Director in terms of Section 164 of the Act.

As per the requirement of Section 190 of the Act, the agreement

entered into between Mr. Sanjay Sethi and the Company, setting

out the terms of his appointment shall be available for inspection

at the Registered Office of the Company.

The Company had already obtained the approval of the Members

for payment of managerial remuneration to Mr. Sanjay Sethi for

his previous term which ended on February 8, 2021 and it is now

being proposed to re-appoint him for a further term of three

years. The Company had incurred a loss during the Financial

Year 2020-21 as a result of which the remuneration paid / payable

to Mr. Sanjay Sethi after his re-appointment upto the date of

passing this Special Resolution is /may be in excess of the limits

set out in Schedule V of the Act. In view of the same, approval

of the Members is being sought for waiver of excess managerial

remuneration amounting to ` 2,59,61,199 paid / payable for the

period from the date of his re-appointment i.e. February 9, 2021

upto the date of passing this Special Resolution at the Annual

General Meeting held on August 12, 2021.

Except for Mr. Sanjay Sethi and his relatives, none of the

Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their

respective relatives are concerned or interested in the Resolutions

at Item Nos. 5 and 6 of the accompanying Notice.

The Board recommends passing of the resolutions as set out

in Item Nos. 5 and 6 of the accompanying Notice as Special

Resolutions.

13:

Managing Director & CEO and

Mr. Milind Wadekar, Interim CFO, who are Directors of CHKL,

none of the other Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the

Company or their respective relatives are concerned or interested

in the Resolution at Item No. 10 of the accompanying Notice.

The Board recommends passing of the resolution as set out in

Item No. 10 of the accompanying Notice as a Special Resolution.

By order of the Board of Directors

For Chalet Hotels Limited

Christabelle Baptista

Place: Mumbai

Company Secretary

Date: July 2, 2021

Membership No.: A17817

17:

Letter 14: Managing

Letter

Battling the odds with a

resolute response

“We are pleased with the progress we have

made in weathering the storm to date. While

the pandemic is far from over, more and

more people are getting vaccinated every

day, giving us hope that we are getting closer

to normalcy. The timing for a full recovery

cannot be predicted and recovery timelines

are going to vary greatly by region, but we

are optimistic about the return of travel.”

Hetal Gandhi

Chairperson and Independent Director: Dear Shareholders,

Arthur Golden said “Adversity is like a strong wind.

It tears away from us all, but the things that cannot

be torn, so we see ourselves as we really are”.

The pandemic and its aftermath have had a deep

impact on society, businesses and the economy.

The Management of your Company reacted swiftly

to address and mitigate the impact of the pandemic

on our business. We shored up our liquidity,

reduced costs both above property and at the hotel

level and adjusted many of our operating protocols,

with a focus on elevating our cleanliness standards.

Our brand partners rolled out customised

safety and business continuity plans with Accor

launching ‘ALL Safe’ and Marriott International’s

‘Commitment to Clean’ with the endeavour to

provide a safe hospitality experience.

In addition to continued focus on cost-saving

initiatives, underutilised and underperforming

assets were repurposed to provide a more

sustainable stream of revenue in the coming years.

Capital expenditure of ` 1,159 million contributed

to the increase in net debt for the year by ` 2,141

million to ` 18,711 million. The strategic mix of

asset classes helped in achieving break-even in

operating profits for the year. Chalet recorded

EBITDA of ` 253 million including EBITDA

from discontinued operations against a revenue of

` 3,167 million for the year, and profit after tax was

at ` (1,391) million.

We are pleased with the progress we have made in

weathering the storm to date. While the pandemic

is far from over, more and more people are getting

vaccinated every day, giving us hope that we

are getting closer to normalcy. The timing for a

full recovery cannot be predicted and recovery

timelines are going to vary greatly by region, but we

are optimistic about the return of travel.

Chalet Hotels continues to seamlessly integrate

environmental, social and governance practices

into its operations. The sustainability initiatives

are driven by the commitment to achieve energy

efficiency with a focus on renewable resources,

water conservation and recycling measures to

name a few. Additionally, Chalet has achieved

consistent reduction in the deployment of single-use

plastic and paper. Chalet Hotels has also applied

to the Climate Group’s EV100 initiative across its

properties, contributing to reduction of harmful

emissions. This will help accelerate a shift to clean

transport and reduce air pollution across our hotels.

The growth and development of our people

continues to be a priority along with increased

sensitisation on inclusivity and gender diversity.

In a year rife with adversities, Chalet enhanced

its commitment towards society and continued

its CSR initiatives involving skill development of

persons with disabilities, supporting healthcare

initiatives in partnership with hospitals, providing

meals to frontline warriors and essential supplies to

the marginalised.

Chalet Hotels’ Board of Directors endorse good

corporate governance practices, with majority of

the Board being independent. Maintenance of high

levels of adherence with regulatory requirements

are fairly evaluated and strengthened.

Chalet’s policy and priorities concerning

Environment, Social and Governance initiatives are

articulated in its ESG Report, which will soon be

made available on www.chalethotels.com.

Among Chalet’s core pillars of value creation,

‘Identifying high-potential locations’ > ‘Build

efficiently’ > ‘Partner with the best’ > ‘Drive

performance across the Board’, have been held

in good stead through turbulent waters, with a

stronger path to continued returns on investments

defined.

We are grateful that FY 2020-21 is behind us. As

we look ahead, we know that our guests are eager

to get on the road and get together in person. So

many life events have been postponed - weddings,

reunions, anniversaries. There is simply no virtual

replacement for that. We believe we are well

positioned to meet the needs of all of our guests as

soon as they are ready to travel again. Without a

doubt, we have a lot of work ahead as we navigate

through the pandemic.

We continue to have great confidence in the

strength of our Partners and Management team.

We offer our best wishes that everyone stays safe

and healthy and we look forward to seeing you soon

at one of our hotels.

Yours

Managing Director’s Perspective

Calibrating a resolute response

to changing times

“The Company

undertook a 2-pronged

approach on protecting

cash flow and

sustaining the business.

Phase 1: Surviving

COVID Crisis, a hawk-

like focus on expenses

and conserving cash

while protecting

revenue market share.

Phase 2: Post-COVID

strategy, focused on

boosting revenues and

stabilising costs. I am

happy to share that as

a result we have been

EBITDA positive at

the Company level for

all four quarters of the

year with quarter-on-

quarter improvement.”

Sanjay Sethi: Managing

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

DIN: 00641243

Reduction in electricity

consumption

(per room)

Forecasted

occupancy in India

(for FY 2021-22)

46%

52.7%

Net Debt

(R in million)

Associate to room ratio

(employee per room)

18,711

0.74

“We have recently

signed up for their

EV100 initiative, which

focuses on accelerating

transition to electric

vehicles under the aegis

of the Climate Group.

I am very happy to

share on renewable

energy front, our energy

consumption has now

moved to 51% of our

energy coming through

green sources.”

Chalet Hotels Limited / Integrated Report 2020-21

18

19

Business Review: Managing

letter and hotel info with an integrated

digital payment mode/option

•

Operationalised IRIS at Marriott

hotels with e-menu and e-ordering

using the app, which is connected

with hotel POS and integrated digital

payment mode/option

•

Touch-less attendance for employees

to help replace fingerprint scanning

•

Digitisation of internal processes

Corporate

We introduced our workforce to more

advanced level of engagement and

management of our properties and

relationships. Technology has helped

us automate various mechanisms

and ensured overall efficiency of our

processes.

•

Implementation of SAP – ARIBA for

procure-to-pay process by executing

supplier lifecycle and performance

module for complete supplier lifecycle

functionality from onboarding to

performance analytics

•

Data Management System (DMS)

to automate internal approvals and

facilitate workflow automation

•

Robotic Process Automation (RPA)

to automate repetitive processes

•

Operationalised business intelligence

or analytics

•

Automation of hotel MIS with

analytics

•

ISO-27001 security process

implementation

•

Introduced online application to

share documents relating to Board’s

meetings and its committees

41

Term insurance

In case of an unfortunate event, Chalet

Corporate employees, family receive one annual

CTC as a lump sum amount, to ensure their

financial security

Chalet war room

A dedicated team is available 24*7 to help

employees connect with leads in case of

emergencies.

Mediclaim cover

Additional cover sanctioned from corporate

buffer if an employee fully exhausts his

eligible limits

Reach out

Company sponsored initiative towards

ensuring emotional and mental well-being of

employees and their families with access to

professional counselling 24*7

Benevolent scheme

Supporting and extending fund to employees

in case of contingencies

Time off for self -care

Our leave policy now includes 3 days time-off

for self care while there is no comparison to

the scale of loss caused by this

Company sponsored vaccination

camps

Conducted vaccination camps for employees

and their families in the eligible age group

Advance salary

For employees facing medical and financial

exigencies, advance salary is credited to help

them meet their expenses in difficult times

Unlimited paid leave

If an employee exhausts his/her leave,

unlimited fully paid leave is given to take time

off while they are treated for COVID-19 or

any other critical illness

Isolation rooms at offices

and sites

Fully sanitised isolation rooms at offices

and sites

COVID-19 support

Support is extended to employees to book

COVID-19 tests online and reach out to a

doctor via the chat options

Time Off for volunteering

Employees are encouraged to utilise our time-

off for volunteering policy to extend support to

the communities around them

The pandemic has brought tough times to our employees. Chalet at the

corporate office has initiated the following to help them cope:

Doctor on call

Employees seeking Doctor’s consultation

on urgent basis can reach out to our

empanelled Doctor on call

ESG Performance:

letter and spirit.

At Chalet we believe that corporate

governance is crucial to whistle blower

mechanism overall efficiency as well as

maximising value for our stakeholders.

Chalet aims at maximising value for our

stakeholders, while not compromising

in any manner on our commitment to

values and ethical practices and also

maintaining a balance with the society

and environment.

Chalet, through the Board of Directors

and Management team is continuously

and consistently committed to good

corporate governance practices at all

times for achieving its goals and targets,

and at the same time not compromising

on quality of its deliverables and ethics

at any point of time. We also seek and

apply the service and advice of experts

wherever considered necessary to ensure

smooth flow of operations and activities,

within the statutory ambit.

Board structure and oversight

The Board consists of industry veterans

leaders from diverse backgrounds

and geographies with varied areas of

specialisation. This bestows Chalet with

significant competitive advantage in

decision-making, tapping new business

opportunities, among others.

Chalet’s Board is led by an Independent

Non-Executive Chairperson and has an

ideal mix of Independent and

Non-Independent Directors.

Additionally, the Promoter Directors

guide us with foresight and wisdom.

The business is driven by an unrelated

Professional: Managing

Managing Director of

Tano India Advisors Private Limited

(TIA). He was previously associated

with a diversified financial services

company as its Head - Financial

Services and with ORIX Auto and

Business Solutions Limited as its Chief

Executive Officer. He has over 3 decades

of experience in the financial services

Mr. Joseph Conrad D’Souza holds a

Master’s Degree in Commerce and a

Diploma in Financial Management from

the University of Mumbai and a Master’s

Degree in Business Administration

from South Gujarat University. He is

also a graduate of the Senior Executive

Programme from London Business

School. He has been associated with

HDFC Limited since 1984, where his

responsibilities as a member of executive

Ms. Radhika Piramal holds a Bachelor’s

degree in Arts from Brasenose College,

University of Oxford and a Master’s in

Business Administration from Harvard

Business School. She is the Executive

Vice Chairperson of VIP Industries Ltd.,

one of India’s leading luggage companies.

She has been Executive Vice Chair since

April 2017 and prior to this role, was the: Managing Director of VIP Industries

from 2010 to 2017, before which she

worked in various sales and marketing

roles in VIP from 2000 to 2004. Outside

of VIP, she worked as a management

consultant with Bain & Company in New

York from 2006 to 2008. Ms. Piramal’s

leadership has been integral to revitalising

VIP Industries’ profitable growth.

industry spanning private equity,

investment banking and asset financing.

Mr. Gandhi was appointed as an

Independent Director and Chairperson

of our Company with effect from June

12, 2018.

management and Chief Investor

Relations Officer include corporate

planning and budgeting, corporate

finance and investor relations. He is also

Senior Independent Director on the

Board of Nations Trust Bank PLC,

Sri Lanka.

Hetal Gandhi | Chairperson and Independent Director

Joseph Conrad D’Souza | Independent Director

Radhika Piramal | Independent Director

M C

C

M

Audit & Risk Management Committee

Compensation, Nomination and Remuneration Committee

Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

Finance Committee

Operations Committee

C

Chairperson M

Member

Committee

Mr. Arthur de Haast holds a Bachelor’s

degree in Hotel Management from the

University of Strathclyde and has also

been elected as a Life Fellow of the

Institute of Hospitality. He is

Managing Director and CEO

M M M M M

M M M M

Awards

Honoured for the

recognitions

Marriott Bengaluru, Whitefield recognised

as the ‘Best of the Best’ at the Travellers’

Choice Awards

Lake View Cafe recognised for

the Best Buffet by Times Food

Nightlife Awards

Four Points by Sheraton Navi

Mumbai, recognised in ‘Swachh

Bharat Mission – Navi Mumbai’ by

Navi Mumbai Municipal Corporation

Four Points by Sheraton received

award for Excellence in Hospitality

by Awaaz Today

Renaissance Mumbai Convention Centre Hotel, Mumbai

awarded in Star Mice Hotel category at EEA

Lakeside Chalet - Marriott

Executive Apartments

awarded the Leading Serviced

Apartments/Hotel/Resort by

South Asian Travel Awards

JW Marriott, Sahar recognised among the

Top 10 - Innovations adopted by Hotels list

JW Marriott, Sahar awarded the Best Luxury

Brunch in the City at WHO Awards

Audit & Risk Management Committee

Compensation, Nomination and Remuneration Committee

Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

Finance Committee

Operations Committee

C

Chairperson M

Member

Committee

Board of Directors

ESG Performance

49

Chalet Hotels Limited / Integrated Report 2020-21

48:

Managing Director & CEO of

the Company for a further period of three years w.e.f. February

9, 2021, subject to the approval of the Members. The Board

recommends his re-appointment as the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO of your Company, under the Chalet

Hotels Limited - Employee Stock Option Plan 2018, to vest in

three tranches. The first tranche of ESOPs granted had vested in

the previous year whereas the second tranche was vested during

the year under review. No options have been exercised during

the year under review or till date.

In terms of the provisions of the SEBI (Share Based Employee

Benefits) Regulations, 2014, the details of the Stock Options

granted under the ESOP Scheme have been made available on

the website of the Company at www.chalethotels.com, under the

head ‘Annual Reports’ in the Investor Relations section. Further,

Report of the Board of Directors

Statutory Reports

Chalet Hotels Limited / Annual Report 2020-21

54:

Managing Director & CEO of the Company for the

financial year ended 31 March 2021, being in excess of

limits prescribed under Section 197 of the Act by ` 47.49

million, of which the proportionate remuneration from 09

February 2021 of ` 6.63 million is subject to approval of

the shareholders.

Our opinion is not modified in respect of the above matter.

The Auditors have clarified that their opinion is not qualified in

respect of these matters.

Detailed explanation in respect of the matters at Item No. 1 and

2 have been provided under Note No. 42(c) and Note No. 49 of

the Standalone Financial Statements.

Secretarial Audit

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 204 of the Act read with

Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial

Personnel) Rules, 2014, your Company had appointed

M/s. BNP & Associates, Company Secretaries in Practice (Firm

Registration No. P2014MH037400) to undertake Secretarial

Audit for Financial Year 2020-21. The Secretarial Audit Report

is annexed herewith as Annexure IV. There are no qualifications,

reservations, adverse remarks or disclaimers in the report.

Further, the subsidiaries of the Company as mentioned above do

not meet the criteria for material unlisted subsidiaries. Therefore,

the provisions of Regulation 24A of the Listing Regulations, in

respect of Secretarial Audit are not applicable for the year under

review.

During the year under review, the Secretarial Auditor had

not reported any fraud under Section 143(12) of the Act and

therefore no details are required to be disclosed under Section

134(3)(ca) of the Act.

Cost Audit

Your Company has been maintaining cost accounting records as

specified by the Central Government under Section 148 of the

Act read with the Companies (Cost Records and Audit) Rules,

2014. Further, your Company was also required to conduct an

audit of cost records as specified by the Central Government

under Section 148 of the Act and the Rules framed thereunder

for the financial year under review. The Board of Directors

appointed Mr. Vikas Vinayak Deodhar, Cost Accountant

(Membership No. 3813) as the Cost Auditor for conducting

the audit of cost records for the Financial Year 2020-21, at the

remuneration approved by the Members at the previous AGM.

Audit & Risk Management Committee

The Committee comprises of two Independent- Non Executive

Directors i.e. Mr. Joseph Conrad D'Souza (Chairman), Mr. Hetal

Gandhi (Member) and Mr. Ravi C. Raheja, Promoter and Non-

Executive Director (Member). There were no changes in the

composition of the Committee during the year under review.

During the year under review, all the recommendations made

by the Committee were accepted by the Board.

Particulars of Contracts or Arrangements

with Related Parties

In line with the requirements of the Act and in accordance with

the Listing Regulations, your Company has formulated a policy

on dealing with Related Party Transactions (‘RPTs’) which is

available on the website of your Company at www.chalethotels.

com/policies/.

The contracts, arrangements or transactions entered into during

the year under review by the Company with Related Parties were

in the Ordinary Course of Business and on an Arm’s Length

Basis.

During the year under review, the Company had not entered into

any contract / arrangement / transaction with Related Parties,

which are materially significant as per the Policy adopted by

your Company.

55:

Managing Director & CEO

(DIN: 00641243)

Director

(DIN: 00010576)

Christabelle Baptista

Place: Mumbai

Company Secretary

Date: May 18, 2021

ACS17817

61:

Managing Director & CEO

2

2

3. Web-link where Composition of CSR Committee, CSR Policy and CSR Projects approved

by the Board are disclosed on the website of the Company

CSR Committee

https://www.chalethotels.com/composition-of-committees-2/

CSR Policy

https://www.chalethotels.com/policies/

CSR projects

https://www.chalethotels.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/CSR-PLAN-2020-21.pdf

4. Details of impact assessment of CSR projects carried out in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of

Rule 8 of the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, if applicable

Not applicable for the Financial Year under review.

5. Details of the amount available for set off in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of Rule 7 of the

Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 and amount required for

set off for the Financial Year, if any

Not Applicable for the Financial Year under review.

Sl. No

Financial Year

Amount available for set-off

from preceding financial years (in ` )

Amount required to be set-off

for the financial year, if any (in ` )

1

2

Total

Report of the Board of Directors

Statutory Reports

Chalet Hotels Limited / Annual Report 2020-21

62:

Managing Director & CEO

Chairperson - CSR Committee

Date: May 18, 2021

(DIN: 00641243)

(DIN: 00106895)

Report of the Board of Directors

Statutory Reports

Chalet Hotels Limited / Annual Report 2020-21

64:

letter of even date annexed to this report as Annexure- A.

1. Compliance

with

specific

statutory

provisions

We further report that:

1.1. We have examined the books, papers, minute books

and other records maintained by the Company and the

forms, returns, reports, disclosures and information

filed or disseminated during the year according to the

applicable provisions/ clauses of:

i.

The Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and the

Rules framed thereunder;

ii.

The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956

and the Rules framed thereunder;

iii.

The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations

and Bye-laws framed thereunder;

iv.

Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and

the Rules and Regulations made thereunder to

the extent of Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas

Direct Investment and External Commercial

Borrowings;

v.

The following Regulations and Guidelines

prescribed under the Securities and Exchange

Board of India Act, 1992 (“SEBI Act”): -

a)

The Securities and Exchange Board of

India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares

and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;

b)

The Securities and Exchange Board of

India (Prohibition of Insider Trading)

Regulations, 2015;

c)

The Securities and Exchange Board of

India (Share Based Employee Benefits)

Regulations, 2014;

d)

Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015

(“LODR”).

65:

Managing Director & CEO of

the Company with effect from February 9, 2021,

subject to approval by the shareholders at the

ensuing Annual General Meeting.

2.3. Adequate notice was given to all Directors of the

Company to schedule the Board Meetings (including

Committees), Agenda and detailed notes on Agenda

were sent at least 7 (seven) days in advance, and where

Report of the Board of Directors

Statutory Reports

Chalet Hotels Limited / Annual Report 2020-21

66:

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this report.

67:

letter.

1.

The Company’s management is responsible for maintenance of secretarial records and compliance with the provisions of

corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations and standards. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the

secretarial records produced for our audit.

2.

We have followed such audit practices and processes as we considered appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the secretarial records.

3.

While forming an opinion on compliance and issuing this report, we have also considered compliance related action taken by

the company after March 31, 2021, but before the issue of this report.

4.

We have considered compliance related actions taken by the company based on independent legal /professional opinion obtained

as being in compliance with law.

5.

We have verified the secretarial records furnished to us on a test basis to see whether the correct facts are reflected therein. We

also examined the compliance procedures followed by the company on a test basis. We believe that the processes and practices

we followed, provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

6.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

7.

We have obtained the management’s representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and happening of

events, wherever required.

8.

Our Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness

with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Report of the Board of Directors

Statutory Reports

Chalet Hotels Limited / Annual Report 2020-21

68:

Managing Director and CEO

249.00

4,08,41,264

8

Mr. Rajeev Newar 3

Executive Director and CFO

60.91

99,93,934

II

The percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer,

Company Secretary in the Financial Year 2020-21 as compared to Financial Year 2019-20:

Sr.

No.

Name of Directors and KMPs

Designation

% increase / decrease in remuneration

1

Mr. Hetal Gandhi

Non Executive Chairperson & Independent Director

22%

2

Mr. Ravi C. Raheja

Non Executive Director

23%

3

Mr. Neel C. Raheja

Non Executive Director

59%

4

Mr. Joseph Conrad D'Souza

Independent Director

32%

5

Mr. Arthur De Haast 2

Independent Director

-23%

6

Ms. Radhika Piramal

Independent Director

75%

7

Mr. Sanjay Sethi: Managing

letter

but also by the spirit of the law.

The Company through its Board of Directors and Management

team is continuously and consistently committed to good

Corporate Governance practices at all times for achieving its

goals and targets, and at the same time not compromising on

quality of its deliverables and ethics at any point of time. Policies

and codes have been designed to imbibe the Company’s values in

all areas of its operations. The Board of Directors of the Company

periodically reviews the policies of the Company against evolving

statutory framework. The Company also seeks and applies the

service and advice of experts wherever considered necessary

to ensure smooth flow of operations and activities, within the

statutory realm.

Board of Directors

Composition and Category of Directors

The Company’s Board of Directors comprises of seven

members, of which four are Independent Directors including one

Woman Independent Director, two are Non-Executive Promoter

Directors and one is an Executive Director. Furthermore,

the Chairman of the Board is a Non-Executive Independent

Director.

The four Independent Directors and the two Promoter Directors

are Non-Executive Directors (‘NEDs’). The Board’s composition

is in compliance with the requirements of Regulation 17(1) of the

Listing Regulations read with Section 149 of the Act. Further,

more than half of the Board of Directors of the Company

comprises of Independent Directors. Members of the Board of

Directors of the Company possess experience in diverse fields

including real estate, retail, banking, finance, consumer goods

and hospitality. The rich and varied experience of the Board has

proven to be of immense value to the Company.

The Board reviews and approves strategy and oversees the

actions and results of management to ensure that the long-term

objectives of enhancing stakeholders’ value are met.

Independent Directors are Non-Executive Directors as defined

under Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations and

Section 149(6) of the Act along with Rules framed thereunder.

All the Independent Directors have confirmed that they meet

the criteria of independence as laid down under the Act and the

Listing Regulations and they are not aware of any circumstances

or situations which exist or may be reasonably anticipated that

could impair or impact their ability to discharge their duties.

None of the Independent Directors have any other material

pecuniary relationship or transaction with the Company, its

Promoters, or Directors, or Senior Management which, in

their judgment, would affect their independence. Further, the

Independent Directors have also registered their names in the

databank maintained by the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs

and the Independent Directors to whom online self-assessment

proficiency test was applicable, have completed the same.

Further, based on the declarations received from the Independent

Directors, in the opinion of the Board, the Independent Directors

fulfill the conditions specified in the Listing Regulations and are

independent of the management.

Details of the Director seeking re-appointment at the Annual

General Meeting (‘AGM’) have been mentioned in the Notice

convening the AGM.

During the year under review, the Company convened various

meetings of the Board and its Committees from time to time.

Board / Committee Meetings are convened by giving appropriate

notice well in advance of the meetings. The maximum gap

between two Board Meetings held during the year was not more

than 120 days. The schedule of meetings for the financial year

is decided at the beginning of the financial year after taking into

consideration the convenience of all the Directors. The Directors

/ Members of the Committee are provided with appropriate

information in the form of a detailed agenda including relevant

information in a timely manner, to enable them to deliberate

on each agenda item and make informed decisions and provide

appropriate directions to the Management in this regard.

Additionally, the Directors are provided with any information

that may be requested for by them.

Report on Corporate Governance

Pursuant to the Companies Act, 2013 {‘Act’} and the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 {‘Listing Regulations’} and forming a part of the Report of the Board of Directors

Report on Corporate Governance

Statutory Reports

Chalet Hotels Limited / Annual Report 2020-21

80:

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer

5

-

-

-

2

Present

Mr. Rajeev Newar

(DIN: 00468125) Ceased to be

Director w.e.f. August 02, 2020

Former Executive

Director & Chief

Financial Officer

2

-

-

1

-

N.A.

CNR: Compensation, Nomination & Remuneration

CSR: Corporate Social Responsibility

Video-conferencing facility is also made available at the Board / Committee Meetings in case any Director is unable to attend

but wishes to participate in the meetings. Further, during the Financial Year under review, due to the pandemic, meetings of the

Board and its Committees, as well as the Annual General Meeting were held through two-way Video Conferencing facility as per

the provisions of the Act as well as various circulars issued by Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) and Securities and Exchange

Board of India (SEBI). The proceedings of all meetings were seamless.

The necessary quorum was present for all the meetings. As required by Secretarial Standard - 1 issued by The Institute of Company

Secretaries of India (ICSI), certain Unpublished Price Sensitive Information (UPSI) such as Unaudited / Audited Financial Results

with Presentation thereon were being circulated to the Board Members at a shorter Notice as per the general consent given by the

Board of Directors at the first Board Meeting held at each Financial Year.

During the year under review:

-

the Board of Directors met five times, on June 08, 2020, August 11, 2020, October 23, 2020, November 10, 2020 and

February 09, 2021;

-

the Audit & Risk Management Committee met four times on June 08, 2020, August 11, 2020, November 10, 2020 and

February 09, 2021;

-

the Compensation Nomination & Remuneration (‘CNR’) Committee met five times on April 27, 2020, June 08, 2020,

June 15, 2020 November 10, 2020 and March 25, 2021;

-

the Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee met twice on June 08, 2020 and November 10, 2020; and

-

the Corporate Social Responsibility (‘CSR’) Committee met twice on June 08, 2020 and November 10, 2020.

Directors’ Details

None of the Directors hold Directorships in more than 20 Indian Companies including 10 Public Limited Companies. Further,

none of the Directors on the Board is a member of more than 10 Board Committees and Chairperson of more than 5 Board

81:

Managing Director of Tano India Advisors Private

Limited. He was previously associated with a diversified financial services company as Head

- Financial Services and with ORIX Auto and Business Solutions Limited as Chief Executive

Officer. He has over three decades of experience in the financial services industry spanning

private equity, investment banking and asset financing.

Mr. Joseph

Conrad D’Souza

-

Master of Commerce,

University of Mumbai

-

Diploma in Financial

Management, University of

Mumbai

-

Master’s Degree in Business

Administration from South

Gujarat University

-

Graduate of the Senior

Executive Program from the

London Business School

Mr. Joseph Conrad D’Souza has been associated with HDFC Limited since 1984. He is

currently their Chief Investor Relations Officer and a member of the executive management.

His responsibilities include corporate planning and budgeting, corporate finance and

investor relations. He is also Senior Independent Director on the Board of Nations Trust

Bank PLC, Sri Lanka.

Mr. Arthur

William DeHaast

-

Bachelor's Degree in Hotel

and Catering Management,

University of Strathclyde

Mr. Arthur William DeHaast has been associated with Jones Lang LaSalle Incorporated

(JLL) since 1987 in a variety of senior roles, including the Global Chief Executive Officer

and then Chairman of its hotels and hospitality group. Currently, he is Chairman of JLL's

Global Capital Markets Advisory Council, which provides advice on long term strategic

matters that could influence the business and undertakes specific projects related to the

ongoing growth of Capital Markets.

He has over 36 years of experience in hospitality and real estate and has led many transactional

and advisory assignments. He is also a Member on the Board of InterContinental Hotels

Group PLC and a member of the Advisory Board of the Scottish Business School, University

of Strathclyde, Glasgow and past Chairman of the Institute of Hospitality.

Ms. Radhika

Piramal

-

Bachelor’s Degree in Arts,

Brasenose College, University

of Oxford

-

Master’s in Business

Administration, Harvard

Business School.

Ms. Radhika Piramal is the Executive Vice Chairperson of VIP Industries Ltd., one of India’s

leading luggage companies. Ms. Piramal has been Executive Vice Chair since April 2017.

Prior to this role, Ms. Piramal was the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO and Mr. Rajeev Newar, former Executive

Director & CFO during the year under review is as follows:

(Amount in `)

Particulars

Mr. Sanjay Sethi

Mr. Rajeev Newar

Salary

2,83,62,324

32,91,029

Perquisites

19,10,400

67,02,905

Superannuation

--

--

Bonus (Statutory, Retention and Performance)

1,05,68,540

0

Number of stock options granted

2,00,000 Equity Shares

--

Total

4,08,41,264

99,93,934

Note: Retention Bonus for FY 2019-20 was paid in FY 2020-21. Provision for Retention Bonus of ` 81,60,000/- for FY 2020-21 to be paid in

FY 2021-22 has been made in the Financial Statements.

The ESOPs granted to Mr. Sanjay Sethi,: Managing

Managing Director & CEO of the Company,

has signed a declaration stating that the Board of Directors and

Senior Management personnel of the Company have affirmed

compliance with this Code of Conduct, which is annexed to this

Report as an Annexure.

Additionally, all Directors and Senior Management adhere with

the ‘Code of Internal Procedures and Conduct for Regulating,

Monitoring and Reporting Trading by Designated Persons’

and ‘Code of Practices for Fair Disclosure of Unpublished

Price Sensitive Information’ pursuant to Regulations 8(1) and

9(1) respectively of the SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading)

Regulations, 2015.

The above codes are also displayed on the Company’s website

www.chalethotels.com/policies/.

Composition of Committees of the Board of

Directors and Attendance at the Meetings

Details in respect of the Board’s Committees and the attendance

thereat are as follows:

Audit & Risk Management Committee

The Company’s Audit & Risk Management Committee

comprises of Mr. Joseph Conrad D’Souza, Chairperson &

Independent Director, Mr. Hetal Gandhi, Independent Director

and Mr. Ravi C. Raheja, Non-Executive Director. Each member

of the Committee has relevant experience in the field of finance,

banking & accounting and hospitality industry. The Board has

in accordance with Regulation 21 of the Listing Regulations, on

May 10, 2019 authorised the Audit Committee to discharge and

carry out the functions of the Risk Management Committee.

Ms. Christabelle Baptista, Company Secretary, acts as the

secretary to the Audit & Risk Management Committee. The

Committee has the following terms of reference:

1.

oversight of the Company’s financial reporting process,

examination of the financial statement and auditor’s report

thereon and the disclosure of its financial information to

ensure that the financial statements are correct, sufficient

and credible;

2.

recommendation for appointment, re-appointment,

replacement, remuneration and terms of appointment of

auditors of the Company;

3.

reviewing the financial statement with respect to its

subsidiaries, in particular investments made by the unlisted

subsidiaries;

4.

approval of payment to the Company’s Statutory Auditors

for any other services rendered by the Statutory Auditors;

5.

reviewing, with the management, the annual financial

statements and auditor’s report thereon before submission

to the Board for approval, with particular reference to:

a.

matters required to be included in the Director’s

Responsibility Statement to be included in the Board’s

report in terms of clause (c) of sub-section 3 of section

134 of the Companies Act, 2013;

b.

changes, if any, in accounting policies and practices

and reasons for the same;

c.

major accounting entries involving estimates based

on the exercise of judgment by management of the

Company;

85:

Managing Director

& CEO. The Committee has the following terms of reference:

1.

considering and resolving grievances of shareholders,

debenture holders and other security holders;

2.

redressal of grievances of the security holders of the

Company, including complaints in respect of allotment

of Equity Shares, transfer/transmission of Equity Shares,

non-receipt of declared dividends, annual reports, balance

sheets of the Company, issue of new/duplicate certificates,

general meetings, etc;

3.

allotment of Equity Shares, approval of transfer or

transmission of Equity Shares, debentures or any other

securities;

4.

issue of duplicate certificates and new certificates on split/

consolidation/renewal, etc.;

5.

review of measures taken for effective exercise of voting

rights by shareholders;

6.

review of adherence to the service standards adopted by the

listed entity in respect of various services being rendered by

the Registrar & Share Transfer Agent;

7.

review of the various measures and initiatives taken by

the Company for reducing the quantum of unclaimed

dividends and ensuring timely receipt of dividend warrants/

annual reports/statutory notices by the shareholders of the

company; and

8.

carrying out any other functions required to be undertaken

by the Stakeholders Relationship Committee under

applicable law.

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

The Company’s CSR Committee comprises of Mr. Hetal

Gandhi, Chairperson & Independent Director, Ms. Radhika

Piramal, Independent Director Mr. Neel C. Raheja, Non-

Executive Director and Mr. Sanjay Sethi,: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Yes

Yes

Name and Designation of Compliance Officer

Ms. Christabelle Baptista

Company Secretary & Compliance Officer

Address: Raheja Tower, Plot No. C-30, Block ‘G’,

Next to Bank of Baroda, Bandra Kurla Complex,

Bandra (E), Mumbai, Maharashtra 400051.

Phone: 022-26565496

Fax: 022-26565451

E-mail: companysecretary@chalethotels.com

General Body Meetings

Given below are the details of Annual General Meetings for the previous three financial years:

Year

Particulars of

Meeting

Location

Number and Nature of Special Resolutions passed, if any

2020-21

Tuesday,

August 11, 2020

at 4.00 p.m.

Through Video Conference

Deemed Venue of the AGM: Raheja

Tower, Plot No. C-30, Block ‘G’, Next

to Bank of Baroda, Bandra Kurla

Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai 400051

No Special Resolutions

2019-20

Tuesday,

August 13, 2019

at 3.00 p.m.

Boundary Hall, First Floor,

MCA Recreation Centre,

RG-2, G-Block,

Bandra-Kurla Complex,

Bandra (E),

Mumbai 400051

Two Special Resolutions

-

Approval of remuneration of Mr. Sanjay Sethi (DIN: 00641243) as: Managing

letter dated

September 11, 2018, stated that the Hon’ble High Court of

Karnataka has granted stay in respect of the disqualification

by the said order. The ROC has informed that the DIN of the

said Directors are “Active”. Further, the Hon’ble High Court

of Karnataka by its order dated June 12, 2019, allowed the Writ

Petition, and quashed the list published by MCA, on certain

grounds. The Directors have however petitioned the High Court

for action on the remaining prayers that formed part of their

Writ Petition.

M/s. BNP & Associates, Company Secretaries in Practice, have

certified that as on March 31, 2021, none of the Directors on

the Board of the Company have been debarred or disqualified

from being appointed or continuing as Directors of companies

by SEBI, MCA or any such statutory authority.

Recommendations of Committees

All recommendations of the Committees have been considered

by the Board of Directors, from time to time, while arriving

at any decision, and there has been no instance during the

year under review, where any such recommendation which is

mandatory in nature has not been abided with.

CEO and CFO Certificate

As required under Regulation 17(8) of the Listing Regulations,

the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of

the Company have certified to the Board regarding the Financial

Statements for the year ended March 31, 2021.

Total fees for services paid to Statutory Auditor

Total fees of ` 1,35,31,045 for Financial Year 2020-21, for

all services, were paid by the Company and its subsidiaries,

on a consolidated basis, to M/s. B S R & Co. LLP, Chartered

Accountants, Statutory Auditors and all entities in the network

firm/network entity of which the Statutory Auditors are a part.

Details relating to the fees paid to the Statutory Auditors are also

given in Note 44 to the Standalone Financial Statements and

Note 43 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Disclosures in relation to The Sexual Harassment of

Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and

Redressal) Act, 2013

Your Company has constituted Internal Complaints Committee

(ICC) to consider and resolve all sexual harassment complaints.

The Constitution of ICC is as per the Sexual Harassment of

Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal)

Act, 2013 and the Committee includes an external member with

relevant experience.

The details of number of complaints filed and resolved during

the Financial Year is as follows:

Number of complaints

filed during the

Financial Year

Number of complaints

disposed of during the

Financial Year

Number of complaints

pending as on end of the

Financial Year

3

3

Nil

Compliance with Non-Mandatory Provisions

The status concerning compliance by your Company with

discretionary requirements as listed out in Part E of Schedule II

of the Listing Regulations is as follows:

-

The Board: The Company has a Non-Executive &

Independent Director as Chairman. Currently no

reimbursement towards his expenses for performance

(other than payment of sitting fees) and maintenance of

Chairman’s Office is being done.

-

Shareholders’ Rights: Quarterly and half yearly financial

results of the Company are furnished to the Stock

Exchanges and are also published in the newspapers and

uploaded on website of the Company. Significant events are

also posted on the Company’s website under the Investors

section. Hence, no half yearly results and significant events

were sent to each of household of Shareholders.

-

Modified opinion(s) in audit report: During the year under

review, the Statutory Auditors have issued unmodified

audit opinion on the Company’s Financial Statements.

The Company continues to adopt best practices to ensure

a track record of financial statements with unmodified audit

opinion on financial statements.

-

Separate posts of Chairperson and: Managing

Managing Director & CEO of the Company hereby declare that the Directors and Senior Managerial Personnel of the Company

have affirmed in writing, their compliance with the Company’s Code of Conduct for the Board of Directors and Senior Management

Personnel during the Financial Year ended March 31, 2021.

For Chalet Hotels Limited

Sanjay Sethi: Managing

Managing Director

& CEO

4

Telephone Number

022-26564000

5

E-mail ID

companysecretary@chalethotels.com

(b) Details of the BR head

No. Particulars

Details

1

DIN

(if applicable)

NA

NA

NA

2

Name

Mr. Rajneesh Malhotra

Mr. Pragnesh Doctoria #

Ms. Suborna Biswas # #

3

Designation

Chief Operating Officer

GM – Engineering

Senior Manager - Human Resources

4

Telephone number

022 – 26564000

022 – 26564000

022 – 26564000

5

e-mail id

Rajneesh.malhotra@chalethotels.com

Pragnesh.doctoria@chalethotels.com

Suborna.biswas@chalethotels.com

# Responsible for ensuring observance of BR Policy in engineering / construction / operations of the Company.

## Responsible for ensuring observance of BR Policy by the Company generally, including observance by employees and agencies.

2.

Principle-wise (as per National Voluntary Guidelines ('NVG') on Social, Environmental and Economic Responsibilities of

Business) BR Policy

(a) The NVG released by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs are based on nine principles in the realm of Business Responsibility.

These are as under:

P1

Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with Ethics, Transparency and Accountability

P2

Businesses should provide goods and services that are safe and contribute to sustainability throughout their life cycle

P3

Business should promote the wellbeing of all employees

P4

Businesses should respect the interests of, and be responsive towards all stakeholders, especially those who are disadvantaged, vulnerable and

marginalised

P5

Businesses should respect and promote human rights

P6

Businesses should respect, protect and make efforts to restore the environment

P7

Businesses, when engaged in influencing public and regulatory policy, should do so in a responsible manner

P8

Business should support inclusive growth and equitable development

P9

Businesses should engage with and provide value to their customers and consumers in a responsible manner

(b) Details of compliance (Reply in Y / N)

No.

Questions

P 1

P 2

P 3

P 4

P 5

P 6

P 7

P 8

P 9

1

Do you have a policy/ policies for*:

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

2

Has the policy been formulated in consultation

with the relevant stakeholders?

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Consultations with stakeholders are ongoing wherever required and possible and the

relevant policies continue to evolve over time.

3

Does the policy conform to any national /

international standards? If yes, specify? (50

words)

The Business Responsibility Policy is in accordance with principles laid down in the

NVG on Social, Environmental and Economic Responsibilities of Business published by

the Ministry of Corporate Affairs. The other policies are in accordance with applicable

laws and conform to industry benchmarks. The Company has adopted the principles of

Integrated Reporting Framework prescribed by the International Integrated Reporting

Council while presenting this Integrated Report, for the year under review.

4

Has the policy been approved by the Board?

Is yes, has it been signed by MD / owner / CEO

/ appropriate Board Director?

Yes.

Policies mandated under the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) and SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’)

are approved by the Board and circulated amongst relevant stakeholders. Other policies

are approved by the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO of the Company for the

financial year ended March 31, 2021, being in excess of

limits prescribed under Section 197 of the Act by ` 47.49

million, of which the proportionate remuneration from

February 09, 2021 of ` 6.63 million is subject to approval

of the shareholders.

Our opinion is not modified in respect of the above matter.

Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional

judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the standalone

financial statements of the current period. These matters were

addressed in the context of our audit of the standalone financial

statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and

we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

Deferred Tax Assets (refer note 23 to the standalone financial statements)

The Key Audit Matter

How the matter was addressed in our audit

The carrying amount of the Deferred tax assets represents 4.24 % of

the Company’s total assets.

Recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets

Under Ind AS, the Company is required to reassess recognition of

deferred tax asset at each reporting date.

The Company has recognised deferred tax assets on brought forward

losses / deductions and other temporary differences, as set out in note

23 to the standalone financial statements.

Our audit procedures included:

•

Obtained the approved business plans, projected profitability statement.

•

Evaluated the design and testing the operating effectiveness of controls

over quarterly assessment of deferred tax balances and underlying data.

•

Evaluated the projections of future taxable profits. Testing the

underlying data and assumptions used in the profitability projections

and performing sensitivity analysis.

Independent Auditors’ Report

Standalone

Financial Statements

Chalet Hotels Limited / Annual Report 2020-21

104:

Managing Director & CEO of the

Company for the financial year ended March 31, 2021,

being in excess of limits prescribed under Section

197 of the of the Act by ` 47.49 million, of which

the proportionate remuneration from February 09,

2021 of ` 6.63 million is subject to approval of the

shareholders. Our opinion is not modified in respect

of this matter.

ii.

the Ministry of Corporate Affairs has not prescribed

other details under Section 197(16) of the Act which

are required to be commented upon by us.

For B S R & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm’s Registration No: 101248W/W-100022

Mumbai

May 18, 2021

Mansi Pardiwala

Partner

Membership No: 108511

UDIN: 21108511AAAACV9123

107:

Managing Director & CEO of the Company is in excess

of the limits specified under Section 197 of the Act read

with Schedule V to the Act by ` 47.49 million, of which

the proportionate remuneration from February 09, 2021

of ` 6.63 million is subject to approval of the shareholders.

Refer note 49 of the Standalone Financial Statements.

(xi) In our opinion and according to the information and

explanations given to us, the Company is not a Nidhi

company and the Nidhi Rules, 2014 are not applicable to it.

Accordingly, paragraph 3(xii) of the Order is not applicable

to the Company.

(xii) In our opinion and according to the information and

explanations given to us, the Company has entered into

transactions with related parties in compliance with the

provisions of Sections 177 and 188 of the Act. The details

of such related party transactions have been disclosed

in the standalone financial statements as required by

Indian Accounting Standard (Ind AS) 24, Related Party

Disclosures specified under Section 133 of the Act.

(xiii) According to the information and explanations given to

us and based on our examination of the records of the

Company, the Company has not made any preferential

allotment or private placement of shares or fully or partly

paid convertible debentures during the year. Accordingly,

paragraph 3(xiv) of the Order is not applicable to the

Company.

(xiv) According to the information and explanations given to

us and on the basis of our examination of the records of

the Company, the Company has not entered into any non-

cash transactions with directors or persons connected with

them. Accordingly, paragraph 3(xv) of the Order is not

applicable to the Company.

(xv) In our opinion and according to the information and

explanations given to us, the Company is not required to

be registered under Section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank

of India Act, 1934. Accordingly, paragraph 3(xvi) of the

Order is not applicable to the Company.

For B S R & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm’s Registration No: 101248W/W-100022

Mumbai

May 18, 2021

Mansi Pardiwala

Partner

Membership No: 108511

UDIN: 21108511AAAACV9123

Standalone

Financial Statements

Chalet Hotels Limited / Annual Report 2020-21

110:

Managing Director & CEO

Director

Interim CFO

Membership No: 108511

(DIN: 00641243)

(DIN: 00010576)

Christabelle Baptista

Mumbai

Mumbai

Company Secretary

May 18, 2021

May 18, 2021

Membership No: A17817

Standalone

Financial Statements

Chalet Hotels Limited / Annual Report 2020-21

112:

Managing Director & CEO

Director

Interim CFO

Membership No: 108511

(DIN: 00641243)

(DIN: 00010576)

Christabelle Baptista

Mumbai

Mumbai

Company Secretary

May 18, 2021

May 18, 2021

Membership No: A17817

113:

Managing Director & CEO

Director

Interim CFO

Membership No: 108511

(DIN: 00641243)

(DIN: 00010576)

(DIN: 00468125)

Christabelle Baptista

Mumbai

Mumbai

Company Secretary

May 18, 2021

May 18, 2021

Membership No: A17817

Standalone Statement of Cash Flows

for the year ended March 31, 2021

115:

Managing Director & CEO

Director

Interim CFO

Membership No: 108511

(DIN: 00641243)

(DIN: 00010576)

(DIN: 00468125)

Christabelle Baptista

Mumbai

Mumbai

Company Secretary

May 18, 2021

May 18, 2021

Membership No: A17817

Standalone

Financial Statements

Chalet Hotels Limited / Annual Report 2020-21

116:

letter of undertaking to provide need based financial support to Belaire Hotels Private Limited, its wholly

owned subsidiary Chalet Hotels & Properties (Kerala) Private Limited,

Note 43 Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises

During the year, Micro small and medium enterprises as defined under the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development

Act, 2006 (MSMED Act) have been identified by the Company on the basis of the information available with the Company and

the auditors have relied on the same.

(` in million)

Particulars

March 31, 2021

March 31, 2020

The amounts remaining unpaid to micro and small enterprises as at the end of the year.

Principal

85.28

48.58

Interest

0.01

0.25

The amount of interest paid by the buyer as per the Micro Small and Medium Enterprises Development

Act, 2006 (MSMED Act, 2006)

-

-

The amounts of the payments made to micro and small suppliers beyond the appointed day during each

accounting year.

-

-

The amount of interest due and payable for the year of delay in making payment (which have been paid

but beyond the appointed day during the year) but without adding the interest specified under MSMED

Act, 2006

-

-

The amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of each accounting year

0.01

0.25

The amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the succeeding years, until such date

when the interest dues as above are actually paid to the small enterprise for the purpose of disallowance as

a deductible expenditure under the MSMED Act, 2006

-

-

Note 42 Contingent liabilities and commitments (to the extent not provided for) (Contd.)

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements (Continued)

for the year ended March 31, 2021

Standalone

Financial Statements

Chalet Hotels Limited / Annual Report 2020-21

164:

Managing Director & CEO

Sanjay Sethi -: Managing

letter of undertaking to provide need based financial support to

1.

Belaire Hotels Private Limited, its wholly owned subsidiary

2.

Chalet Hotels & Properties (Kerala) Private Limited,

Significant transactions with material related parties for year ended March 31, 2021

(` in million)

Sr.no Particulars

Subsidiaries

Key Management

Personnel /

Relative/Other

directors

Enterprises

Controlled / Jointly

controlled by KMPs

or other Directors

/ Shareholders

/ Other Related

Parties

1

Sale of services - Lease rent

Shoppers Stop Limited

-

-

9.80

2

Sales of services - Rooms income, Food, beverages and smokes

Inorbit Malls (India) Private Limited

-

-

0.01

K Raheja Corp Private Limited

-

-

0.01

Mindspace Business Parks Private Limited

-

-

0.54

Paradigm Logistics & Distribution Private Limited

-

-

0.38

Sundew Properties Limited

-

-

0.03

3

Other Income

Chalet Hotels & Properties (Kerala) Private Limited

0.01

-

K Raheja Corp Private Limited

-

-

4.20

Shoppers Stop Limited

-

-

7.44

4

Other expenses

Arthur De Haast

-

1.28

-

Inorbit Malls (India) Private Limited

-

-

8.83

K.Raheja Corporate Services Private Limited

-

-

31.15

Newfound Properties & Leasing Private Limited

-

-

0.78

K Raheja IT Park (Hyderabad) Limited

-

-

1.45

5

Director sitting fees

Arthur De Haast

-

0.63

-

Hetal Gandhi

-

0.78

-

Joseph Conrad D' Souza

-

0.88

-

Neel C.Raheja

-

0.70

-

Radhika Dilip Piramal

-

0.52

-

Ravi C.Raheja

-

0.78

-

Note 49 Related Party Disclosures, as required by Indian Accounting Standard 24 (Ind AS 24)

are given below: (Contd.)

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements (Continued)

for the year ended March 31, 2021

Standalone

Financial Statements

Chalet Hotels Limited / Annual Report 2020-21

174:

Managing Director & CEO ended on February 8,

2021 and he has been re-appointed by the Board, subject to approval of the shareholders at the next Annual General Meeting. Consequently, proportionate

remuneration from February 9, 2021 of ` 6.63 million is subject to approval of the shareholders.

Note 49 Related Party Disclosures, as required by Indian Accounting Standard 24 (Ind AS 24)

are given below: (Contd.)

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements (Continued)

for the year ended March 31, 2021

175:

Managing Director & CEO

Director

Interim CFO

Membership No: 108511

(DIN: 00641243)

(DIN: 00010576)

Christabelle Baptista

Mumbai

Mumbai

Company Secretary

May 18, 2021

May 18, 2021

Membership No: A17817

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements (Continued)

for the year ended March 31, 2021

183:

Managing Director & CEO of the Holding Company for

the financial year ended March 31, 2021, being in excess

of the limits prescribed under Section 197 of the Act, by

` 47.49 million, of which the proportionate remuneration

from February 09, 2021 of ` 6.63 million is subject to

approval of the shareholders.

Our opinion is not modified in respect of the above matter.

Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional

judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the

consolidated financial statements of the current period. These

matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the

consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming

our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion

on these matters.

Deferred Tax Assets (refer note 22 to the consolidated financial statements)

The Key Audit Matter

How the matter was addressed in our audit

The carrying amount of the Deferred Tax Assets represents 4.16 % of

the Group total assets.

Recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets

Under Ind AS, the Group is required to reassess recognition of

deferred tax asset at each reporting date.

The Group has recognised deferred tax assets on brought forward

losses/deductions and other temporary differences, as set out in note

22 to the consolidated financial statements

Our audit procedures included:

•

Obtained the approved business plans, projected profitability

statements.

•

Evaluated the design and testing the operating effectiveness of controls

over quarterly assessment of deferred tax balances and underlying data.

•

Evaluated the projections of future taxable profits. Testing the

underlying data and assumptions used in the profitability projections

and performing sensitivity analysis.

Independent Auditors’ Report

Consolidated

Financial Statements

Chalet Hotels Limited / Annual Report 2020-21

184:

Managing Director & CEO of the

Holding Company for the financial year ended March

31, 2021, being in excess of the limits prescribed under

Section 197 of the Act by ` 47.49 million, of which

the proportionate remuneration from February 09,

2021 of ` 6.63 million is subject to approval of the

shareholders; and

ii.

the Ministry of Corporate Affairs has not prescribed

other details under Section 197(16) of the Act which

are required to be commented upon by us.

For B S R & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm’s Registration No: 101248W/W-100022

Mumbai

May 18, 2021

Mansi Pardiwala

Partner

Membership No: 108511

UDIN: 21108511AAAACW8147

187:

Managing Director & CEO

Director

Interim CFO

Membership No: 108511

(DIN: 00641243)

(DIN: 00010576)

Christabelle Baptista

Mumbai

Mumbai

Company Secretary

May 18, 2021

May 18, 2021

Membership No: A17817

Consolidated

Financial Statements

Chalet Hotels Limited / Annual Report 2020-21

190:

Managing Director & CEO

Director

Interim CFO

Membership No: 108511

(DIN: 00641243)

(DIN: 00010576)

Christabelle Baptista

Mumbai

Mumbai

Company Secretary

May 18, 2021

May 18, 2021

Membership No: A17817

191:

Managing Director & CEO

Director

Interim CFO

Membership No: 108511

(DIN: 00641243)

(DIN: 00010576)

Christabelle Baptista

Mumbai

Mumbai

Company Secretary

May 18, 2021

May 18, 2021

Membership No: A17817

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

for the year ended March 31, 2021

193:

Managing Director & CEO

Director

Interim CFO

Membership No: 108511

(DIN: 00641243)

(DIN: 00010576)

Christabelle Baptista

Mumbai

Mumbai

Company Secretary

May 18, 2021

May 18, 2021

Membership No: A17817

Consolidated

Financial Statements

Chalet Hotels Limited / Annual Report 2020-21

194:

Managing Director & CEO

Sanjay Sethi -: Managing

Managing Director & CEO ended on February 8,

2021 and he has been re-appointed by the Board, subject to approval of the shareholders at the next Annual General Meeting. Consequently, proportionate

remuneration from February 9, 2021 of ` 6.63 million is subject to approval of the shareholders.

Related party disclosures for year ended March 31, 2020

(` in million)

Sr.

no

Particulars

Key Management

Personnel /

Relative/Other

directors

Enterprises

Controlled / Jointly

controlled by KMPs

or other Directors

/ Shareholders

/ Other Related

Parties

1

Sale of Investment

-

5.88

2

Sale of Materials

-

1.56

3

Sale of Asset

-

0.02

4

Sale of services - Lease rent

-

39.25

5

Sales of services - Rooms income, Food, beverages and smokes

-

5.48

6

Dividend*

-

0.00

7

Other Income

-

24.48

8

Other expenses

2.03

62.26

Note 49 Related Party Disclosures, as required by Indian Accounting Standard 24 (Ind AS 24)

are given below: (Contd.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

for the year ended March 31, 2021

257:

Managing Director & CEO

Director

Interim CFO

Membership No: 108511

(DIN: 00641243)

(DIN: 00010576)

Christabelle Baptista

Mumbai

Mumbai

Company Secretary

May 18, 2021

May 18, 2021

Membership No: A17817

Note 57 (Contd.)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

for the year ended March 31, 2021

265:

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer

No

56

4,08,41,264

Diploma in Hotel

Management, Catering

and Nutrition, IHM Pusa

32

ITC Limited : Chief Operating

Officer – Hotel Division

February 05,

2018

Nil

2

Dietmar

Kielnhofer

General Manager - J W

Marriott Mumbai Sahar

No

57

4,15,82,888

Doctorate in Philosophy,

Business Management

& Masters Degree

in Marketing

36

Westin Tokyo : General

Manager

May 03, 2017

Nil

3

Nagesh

Chawla

Cluster General Manager

- Renaissance Mumbai

Convention Centre

Hotel & Lakeside Chalet

and Marriott Executive

Apartments

No

50

1,30,32,000

Bachelor in Hotel

Management

26

The Ritz Carlton Jakarta and

JW Marriott Hotel Jakarta :: Managing

