Dear Shareholders,

I sincerely hope that all of you are safe and in good health.

I am delighted to write to you at the end of what has

been quite a tumultuous year, which has forever altered

the way we look at society and business. Against a

challenging backdrop, the Company’s business has

remained resilient, reinforced by our high quality and

diverse portfolio of assets and experienced Board and

management team.

Our response to the pandemic, while being carefully

considered and planned, was also prompt and decisive.

The senior management team demonstrated exceptional

leadership in establishing key priorities – to protect our

people, our business and cash – and in acting effectively

on those priorities. Our people responded in a positive

and energetic manner and as a result of their efforts our

business has shown resilience.

The year in review

Tourism continues to be one of the sectors hardest

hit by the pandemic and the outlook remains highly

uncertain. Encouraging news on vaccines have raised

hopes for recovery but challenges remain as seen

during the subsequent second wave, the sector expects

to remain in survival mode until well into 2021. As per

official government statistics, less than three million

foreign tourists visited India in 2020, which is a drop

of ~75%, compared to 2019 owing to the COVID-19

pandemic. According to the Federation of Hotel &

Restaurant Associations of India (FHRAI), the Indian hotel

industry has taken a hit of over D 1.30 lakh crore in revenue

for the fiscal year 2020-21 as part of COVID-19 impact.

The Government has recently announced financial

support for the sector. We believe more should be done

to protect the livelihoods of people dependent upon

tourism sector. Fiscal and tax policies should encourage

further investments which are necessary at this time.

More than ever before the Government should consider

providing infrastructure status to the industry.

Our ability to progress in-sync with the emerging

preferences of our customers and best-in-class service

are our key differentiators. Our customer-centric

approach, along with steadfast dedication among our

people enabled us to remain among the top 2-3 players

in most of the prominent segments within the hospitality

sector in India.

For over 80 years, we at EIH have prioritised the health and

well-being of our guests and colleagues, with thorough

standards of cleanliness and hygiene. We implemented

extraordinary measures, in keeping with World Health

Organization and government issued guidelines, to further

enhance hygiene and safety standards at our hotels. We

also partnered with Bureau Veritas to validate and review

our measures with regards to safety and hygiene. Our

award-winning hotels continue to be regarded among the

best and safest choice.

Progress on ESG

We remain fully committed to aligning environmental,

social and governance priorities with our business

strategy and objectives. Our goal is to go beyond

owning hotels and create communities, which are

positive places to live and work in, as well as providing a

quality customer experience.

The hospitality industry has a key role to play in helping

mitigate the effects of climate change, by taking on

ambitious commitments in decarbonisation of its

activities and fostering sustainable behaviour among

travellers and tourists.

While first-class service is a common expectation from

us, we are also putting responsible and sustainable

service to preserve the planet at the forefront.

We constantly challenge ourselves in trying to reach

international benchmarks for excellence, responsibility

and sustainability.

Care is taken to ensure that the system design and

equipment deployed for each hotels are energy efficient.

Highly effective chillers are used for air conditioning.

Guest engagement was sustained on social media

through campaigns around health, immunity boosting

and healthy recipes. From providing packed meals to

frontline workers and those in need, to offering soaps

and hand sanitisers to the Delhi Police, we worked to

contributing meaningfully in pulling the nation out of

the crisis.

As we continue to evolve our approach to incorporating

ESG measures across levels of our business, we

are confident in delivering resilient and adaptive

performance, aligned with our strategic objectives,

in the future.

Way forward

COVID-19 has been a test of our resilience and flexibility

as a team. We have made the safety and well-being of

our people a top priority, while keeping a sharp eye on

their long-term growth and development as individuals

and professionals. The manner in which they adapt to the

new normal and integrate in into the business, will shape

our shared future.

I thank all our stakeholders for their continued faith in

our abilities and unwavering support. Our solid focus

on embracing best practices in the environmental, social

and governance domains will enable us to create holistic

value for all our stakeholders.

Regards,

Prithviraj Singh Oberoi

"We constantly challenge

ourselves in trying to reach

international benchmarks for

excellence, responsibility and

sustainability."

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

26

EIH Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2020-21

27

Integrated

Report:

Dear Shareholders,

We have all been confronted with the COVID-19

pandemic

that

has

overwhelmed

healthcare

ecosystems as well as businesses and economies

across the world. In an uncertain environment and with

challenging industry dynamics, our most important

priority was, and continues to be, the safety of our

guests and colleagues, and continuity of our operations.

The commitment of our people, who place the needs

and wellbeing of our guests above all else, has allowed us

to continue to perform in this challenging environment.

Besides the impending uncertainty in the near term

of the financial impact on the hospitality business,

there is also the challenge of adjusting our operational

practices to ensure zero chances of transmission of the

virus among our guests and staff. We have successfully

vaccinated our hotel and flight catering employees

and continue to follow the most stringent COVID-19

protocols without compromise. In so far as demand

for hotel accommodation is concerned, we expect

domestic travel to recover first, followed by international

travel as restrictions ease. Governments are easing travel

restrictions for people who have received both their

vaccinations – we hope this practice will be adopted

widely in India and internationally over the next few

months. It is our firm belief that Oberoi and Trident

Hotels, with strong brand recall, and EIH with its healthy

balance sheet and strategic property locations, are

poised to benefit from a favourable demand-supply

matrix in the long run.

"At EIH, we are progressing

steadily to become a truly

digital organisation."

Looking back at the year

With the onset of the pandemic last year, we immediately

developed detailed and comprehensive COVID-19

protocols covering every area of our operations. Grounded

in the principles of The Oberoi Dharma, with the guest at

the heart of everything, the group listed these detailed

measures on the Oberoi and Trident websites for all to

see. Hotels provided focussed training and guidelines

to all associates and offered every necessary resource to

combat the ongoing crisis in order to deliver a seamless

experience to our guests. We deployed technology for

high touch processes like check-in, check-out, restaurant

and in room dining menus and billing. Furthermore, with

centralised finance and other back office functions at

The Oberoi Centre of Excellence, seamless continuity of

operations was ensured.

For the Financial Year 2020-21 our revenue stood

at ` 4,736 million as compared to ` 14,343 million in

the previous fiscal year. We introduced Oberoi One,

our unique guest recognition programme, aimed

at enhancing guest experiences at our hotels, built

on the pillars of special privileges and benefits for

members. We entered into a strategic alliance with

Mandarin Oriental Hotel Group for Oberoi Hotels

& Resorts. By working together across all facets of the

guest experience, the two groups will curate new and

exclusive experiences, available at Oberoi and Mandarin

Oriental hotels. We also explored new avenues of

revenue growth, the very foundation on which lies the

business’s overall success, through a variety of Food

& Beverage innovations, such as immunity enhancing

menus, in-suite celebrations, customised culinary

curations and private dining experiences to name a

few. The effort towards implementing efficient cost

structures through rationalisation of human capital and

technological advancements resulted in substantial

savings in fixed and variable expenses.

At EIH, we are progressing steadily to become a

truly digital organisation. Our aim is to optimise data and

use it as an accelerator to strengthen guest experiences

and guest loyalty. The Oberoi Centre of Excellence

helps in channelising collective resources, ensuring

smart and efficient delivery of transactional services

and driving expertise in finance, procurement, master

data management, taxation, business transformation

and budgeting.

Walking the talk of

sustainability

Sustainability was and will continue to form the core of our

business – social inclusion and business responsibility is

embedded in our DNA and we will work towards further

social inclusion and adoption of environment friendly

practices. Adopting renewable energy sources like solar

power will help resolve many environmental challenges

like reducing global warming and CO2 emissions and

also drive greater socio-economic benefits by creating

local employment opportunities. The Oberoi, Gurgaon

and Trident, Gurgaon have introduced solar power to

fulfil the electricity needs of both hotels. We are also in

the process of installing solar panel facilities at a number

of hotels that are owned or managed by EIH. At these

hotels, approximately 30% to 70% of power will be

generated through solar energy.

Successful Rights Issue

In September-October 2020, the company made a Rights

issue to provide our shareholders with an opportunity

to enhance their participation in the company at an

attractive share price of ` 65/- per share. By repaying the

company's debt with such funds, the company seeks to

ensure that our shareholders gain once we emerge from

the pandemic. We are grateful to our shareholders who

reposed their unflinching support by overwhelmingly

participating and subscribing 1.6 times to the issue.

Moving towards the better

We continue to support the community in this time

of need. Many Oberoi and Trident hotels distributed

healthy packed meals and essential supplies during

the lockdown through government agencies, NGOs

and local authorities. These meals and supplies went

to those who were struggling to make ends meet,

as well as for the courageous hospital staff and other

key frontline workers.

The unforeseen COVID-19 crisis brought to the fore

our increased awareness and adaptability to changing

times. The decisions we make as we move forward

will not only ascertain our impact on the environment

and communities around us, but will play a vital role

in shaping our common future.

The events of 2020 have highlighted to our industry

the growing importance of tailored experiences

and operations, driven by a truly customer-centric

mindset, supported by cutting edge technology

and data analytics.

With increasing vaccination rates in many parts of the

world, including India, we have reason to be optimistic

that this pandemic will be defeated.

As we begin another year, I would like to extend

my heartfelt gratitude to my colleagues and to our

investors and shareholders. It is your continued

support and faith in us that inspires us to do more

and do better every day.

I wish you and your family a healthy, safe, and productive

year.

Regards,

Vikramjit Singh Oberoi

"The decisions we make as

we move forward will not only

ascertain our impact on the

environment and communities

around us but will in fact,

play a vital role in shaping

our common future."

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

28

EIH Limited | Integrated Annual Report 2020-21

29

Integrated

Report:

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer: Managing

letter dated March 04,

2021, the CSE granted permission for voluntary delisting

of the equity shares of the Company on the CSE with effect

from March 05, 2021. The equity shares of the Company

continue to be listed on the National Stock Exchange of

India Ltd. (NSE) and BSE Ltd. (BSE), having nationwide

trading terminals.

BOARD MEETINGS

During the year, Seven Board Meetings were held on June

26, 2020, August 13, 2020, September 07, 2020, September

21, 2020, November 04, 2020, January 29, 2021 and March

26, 2021 respectively.

DIRECTORS AND KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL

At the first meeting of the Board of Directors for the FY22

held on May 07, 2021, as required under sub section (7) of

Section 149 of the Act read with Regulation 25(8) of the

listing regulations, the Independent Directors have confirmed

that they meet the criteria of independence required under

sub-section (6) of Section 149 of the Act and clause (b) of

sub-regulation (1) of Regulation 16 of the listing regulations.

The Board, after undertaking due assessment of the veracity

of the declarations submitted by the Independent Directors

under sub section (6) of Section 149 of the Act read with

sub-regulation (9) of regulation 25 of the listing regulations,

was of the opinion that the Independent Directors meet the

criteria of independence.

Mr. Arjun Singh Oberoi retires by rotation at the forthcoming

Annual General Meeting and being eligible, offer himself for

re-appointment. The Directors recommend re-appointment

of Mr. Arjun Singh Oberoi as a Director on the Board.

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

The Company’s Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Policy

formulated in accordance with Section 135 of the Act read

with the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy)

Rules, 2014 can be accessed on the Company’s website

https://www.eihltd.com/-/media/eihltd/pdf-files/polices-

and-code-of-conduct/corporate-social-responsibility-policy/

eih-csr-policy-18.pdf.

The Annual Report on Corporate Social Responsibility

activities for the FY21 is attached in the prescribed

format [Annexure–II to the Companies (Corporate Social

Responsibility Policy) Amendment Rules, 2021] and forms

part of this report.

In addition to the mandatory CSR spend in accordance with

the Act, during the year, the Company’s hotels and service

units have also taken the following CSR initiatives:

The Oberoi Grand, Kolkata reached out to Mother House and

St. Teresa’s Church, Moulali during the nationwide lockdown

due to Covid-19. The hotel distributed freshly prepared

food and dry rations to the less privileged throughout the

lockdown. The hotel also supported the local police station

with sanitisation products and dry rations.

In December 2020, the hotel engaged with Jungle Crows

‘Khelo Rugby’ which is an annual 10 day Winter Camp

coordinated by Mr. Paul Walsh and Chef Shaun Kenworthy.

Keeping in mind the social distancing norms, only 200

children from the economically deprived sections of the city

were present at the event to play Rugby under the guidance

of Mr. Walsh. Besides, organising breakfast for the camp, the:

Managing Director,

Development

For other details relating to the Audit Committee, please refer

to the Corporate Governance Report.

COMPANY’S POLICY ON DIRECTORS

APPOINTMENT AND REMUNERATION AND SENIOR

MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL APPOINTMENT AND

REMUNERATION

The Company’s Policy on Directors Appointment and

Remuneration Policy (revised), 2019, (“Director Appointment

Policy”) and Senior Management Appointment and

Remuneration Policy (“Senior Management Policy”)

formulated in accordance with Section 178 of the Act

read with regulation 19(4) of the listing regulations can

be accessed on the Company’s website https://www.eihltd.

com/-/media/eihltd/pdf-files/polices-and-code-of-conduct/

other-policies/sr-management-policy.pdf.

The salient features of the Directors Appointment Policy

are as under:

• The Policy aims to engage Directors (including non-

executive and independent non-executive directors)

who are highly skilled, competent and experienced

persons within one or more fields of business, finance,

accounting, law, management, sales, marketing,

administration, corporate governance, technical

operations or other disciplines related to the business of

the Company. The Directors are able to positively carry

out their supervisory role on the management and the

general affairs of the Company;

• Assessing the individual against a range of criteria

including but not limited to industry experience,

background, and other qualities required to operate

successfully in the position with due regard to the

benefits of diversity of the Board;

• The extent to which the individual is likely to contribute

to the overall effectiveness on the Board and work

constructively with existing Directors;

• The skills and experience the individual brings to

the role and how these will enhance the skillsets and

experience of the Board as a whole;

• The nature of positions held by the individual including

directorships or other relationships and the impact they

may have on the Directors ability to exercise independent

judgment;

• The time commitment required from a Director to

actively discharge his or her duties to the Company.

The Salient features of the “Senior Management Policy” are

as under:

• The objective of this Policy is to provide a framework

and set standards for the appointment, remuneration and

termination of Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) and the

Core Management Team (within the Senior Management

Personnel) who have the capacity and responsibility

to lead the Company towards achieving its long term

objectives, development and growth;

• Appointment & Remuneration of Key Managerial

Personnel and Core Management Team are aligned to

the interests of the Company and its Shareholders within

an appropriate governance framework;

• Remuneration is structured to align with the Company’s

interests, taking into account the Company’s strategies

and risks;

• Remuneration is linked to individual and Company

performance which in turn impacts the quantum of

variable pay;

• Remuneration is designed to be competitive within the

hospitality industry or other industries in general for

applicable roles;

• Executives performing similar complexity of jobs are

paid similar compensation.

The remuneration paid to Senior Management personnel is

categorised under the following major heads:

Fixed Salary: This includes basic salary, other allowances,

perquisites and retirement benefits;

Variable Salary: This includes variable pay linked to

Company and Individual performance.

ENERGY CONSERVATION MEASURES

During the year, energy conservation measures taken by the

Company include:

• replacement of conventional lamps with energy efficient

LED lamps;:

letter to the Whistle Officer or to the Chairperson of the

Audit Committee. The Whistle blower Policy can be accessed

on the Company’s website https://www.eihltd.com/-/media/

eihltd/pdf-files/polices-and-code-of-conduct/other-policies/

whistleblowerpolicyeih139final.pdf.

During the year ended on March 31, 2021, there were no

complaints received under the vigil mechanism.

SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT

VENTURES

Subsidiaries/Joint Ventures

The Company has three Indian subsidiaries which are also

Joint Ventures, namely, Mumtaz Hotels Limited, Mashobra

Resort Limited and Oberoi Kerala Hotels and Resorts Limited.

The Company’s overseas subsidiaries are i) EIH Flight

Services Ltd., Mauritius; ii) EIH International Ltd., BVI; iii)

EIH Holdings Ltd., BVI; iv) PT Widja Putra Karya, Indonesia;

v) PT Waka Oberoi Indonesia, Indonesia and vi) PT Astina

Graha Ubud, Indonesia.

In accordance with regulation 16 read with regulation 24 of

the listing regulations, the Board at its meeting held on June

26, 2020, on the recommendation of the Audit Committee,

identified the following unlisted subsidiary companies of

the Company as “material subsidiary” for the FY21 (based on

Income/Net worth in the preceding accounting year 2019-20):

S.No.

Name of the subsidiary

Percentage

Action required under the listing regulations

1.

Mumtaz Hotels Limited

24.68 (based on income)

i) Secretarial Audit for FY 21;

ii) Independent Director of EIH has already been appointed on

the Mumtaz Hotels Ltd. Board in the year 2019.

2.

EIH International Limited

24.36 (based on Net worth)

Independent Director of EIH has already been appointed on

EIH International Ltd. Board in the year 2019.

3.

Mashobra Resort Limited

14.16(based on Income)

Secretarial Audit for the FY 21;

4.

EIH Holdings Limited

12.40 (based on Net worth)

No action required.

Therefore, in accordance with regulation 24A of the listing

regulations, Secretarial Audit of the records of the unlisted

material subsidiaries, Mumtaz Hotels Limited and Mashobra

Resort Limited, both incorporated in India, was conducted

by JUS & Associates, Practicing Company Secretary for

the FY21. The Secretarial Audit Report submitted by

the Practicing Company Secretary does not contain any

qualification, reservation or adverse remark. The Secretarial

Audit Report of Mumtaz Hotels Limited and Mashobra Resort

Limited are annexed and forms part of the Annual Report.

ASSOCIATES

The Company has two domestic Associate Companies,

namely, EIH Associated Hotels Ltd. (a listed entity) and

USmart Education Ltd. (an unlisted entity) and one overseas

Associate Company, namely, La Roseraie De L’Atlas (which

is also a Joint Venture) through its wholly owned foreign

subsidiary.

JOINT VENTURES

The Company has two Joint Venture Companies, one

domestic, namely, Mercury Car Rentals Private Ltd. and one

overseas, namely, Oberoi Mauritius Ltd. through its wholly

owned foreign subsidiary.

A Report on the performance and financial position of each

of the Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Venture Companies

are provided in the Annexure to the Consolidated Financial

Statement and hence are not repeated here for the sake of

brevity.

The policy on material subsidiaries can be accessed on the

Company’s website https://www.eihltd.com/-/media/eihltd/

pdf-files/polices-and-code-of-conduct/other-policies/eih-

material-subsidiaries-policy-revised-2019.pdf.

DIRECTORS/KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL (KMP)

REMUNERATION

a)

In accordance with Section 197 read with schedule V of

the Companies Act, 2013, in view of the loss incurred by

the Company in the FY21, the Board of Directors at their

meeting held on March 26, 2021, on the recommendation

of the Nomination and Remuneration committee,

approved payment of minimum remuneration to

Mr. Prithvi Raj Singh Oberoi, Executive Chairman

(DIN:00051894), Mr. Shib Sanker Mukherji, Executive

Vice Chairman (DIN: 00103770), Mr. Vikramjit Singh

Oberoi,: Managing

Managing Director- Development (DIN: 00052106), for the FY21, subject

to the approval of the shareholders.

b)

The ratio of the remuneration of each Director to the median employees remuneration for the Financial Year is as

under:

(` in million)

S. No

Name of the Director

Directors’

Remuneration

Median Employees

Remuneration

Ratio

1.

Mr. Prithvi Raj Singh Oberoi,

Executive Chairman

2.90

0.45

6:1

2.

Mr. Shib Sanker Mukherji,

Executive Vice Chairman

1.70

0.45

4:1

3.

Mr. Vikramjit Singh Oberoi: Managing Director & CEO

7.23

0.45

16:1

4.

Mr. Arjun Singh Oberoi

Managing Director-Development

4.21

0.45

9:1

Directors’ remuneration includes retirement benefits, wherever applicable

c)

The percentage increase in remuneration of each Executive Director, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer,

Company Secretary or Manager, if any in the Financial Year:

(` in million)

S. No

Name

Total Remuneration

2020-21

Total Remuneration

2019-20

Percentage Increase/

Decrease

1.

Mr. Prithvi Raj Singh Oberoi

2.90

28.25

(89.73)

2.

Mr. Shib Sanker Mukherji

1.70

29.40

(94.22)

3.

Mr. Vikramjit Singh Oberoi

7.23

33.49

(78.41)

4.

Mr. Arjun Singh Oberoi

4.21

30.72

(86.30)

5.

Chief Financial Officer

14.44

14.92

(3.22)

6.

Company Secretary

7.01

8.25

(15.03)

Total remuneration includes retirement benefits, wherever applicable

d)

The percentage increase in the median remuneration

of employees in the Financial Year is 4.97%.

e)

The number of permanent employees on the rolls of the

Company at the end of the Financial Year are 3,204.

f)

The average percentage increase already made in the

salaries of employees of the Company other than the

managerial personnel in the last Financial Year was

Nil. The average percentage increase in the managerial

remuneration was Nil.

It is hereby affirmed that the remuneration of the Executive

Directors and Key Managerial Personnel are as per the

Remuneration Policy of the Company.

Internal Financial Controls and Risk Management

Systems

Compliance of the Internal Financial Controls and Risk

Management Systems are given in the Management

Discussion & Analysis report.

Board Evaluation

In accordance with the provisions of the Act and Regulation

17(10) of the Listing regulations, the Company has a Board

evaluation policy for evaluation of Chairperson, individual

directors, Board Committees and the Board. A structured

questionnaire by an independent external agency covering

various aspects of the Board’s functioning, Board culture,

performance of specific duties by Directors and contribution

to the Board proceedings was circulated to the members of

the Board for the FY21. Based on the responses received,

the Board as a whole, the Committees, the Chairperson

and individual Directors were separately evaluated in the

meeting of the Independent Directors and at the meeting of

the Board of Directors.

The process of review of Non-Independent Directors, the

Board as a whole and also its Committees were undertaken

in a separate meeting of Independent Directors held on

March 26, 2021 without the attendance of Non-Independent

Directors and members of management. At the meeting, the

performance of the

Managing Director & CEO

1

1

3. Mr. Arjun Singh Oberoi

Member /: Managing

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer

Management Discussion and Analysis

1. ECONOMIC OVERVIEW

1.1. Global Economy

The year 2020 witnessed an unprecedented global crisis,

with COVID-19 disrupting economies, governments and

societies. Economic activities came to a grinding halt during

the second quarter of 2020. The global economy contracted

by 3.5% in 2020.

Growth in advanced economies contracted by 4.9% in

2020 and is projected to grow by 4.3% in 2021. Though

the contraction was less severe than initially anticipated,

a resurgence of COVID-19 dampened recovery. Central

bank frameworks across the world are being reassessed as

additional monetary policy support is limited. Fiscal policy

is focused on stabilising the macro economy. In the US,

recovery was initially supported by substantial fiscal support

to household incomes, but it remained muted due to surge in

COVID cases. The situation was similar in Europe and Japan,

where strict lockdown measures were imposed to contain the

second surge of the pandemic. Tourism has been severely

impacted, while manufacturing has continued to recover

due to the strengthening of foreign demand.

For emerging market and developing economies, the

International Monetary Fund (IMF) had projected a

contraction of 2.4% in 2020 and a recovery of 6.3% in 2021.

The drastically falling per capita income (90%) has pushed

millions into poverty in emerging markets and developing

economies.

There is a giant surge in the debt levels – both of the

government and the private sector. Slow cross-border tourism

and subdued outlook for oil prices impacted economies

dependent on oil and tourism. In China, the economic

recovery had been rapid albeit sporadic with consumer

services trailing industrial production. However, effective

containment measures, forceful public investment response

and liquidity support from the central bank have resulted in

a growth rate of 2.3% in 2020 for the country.

In low-income countries, growth shrank by 0.8% – the steepest

decline in three decades. Weak state capacity and limited

fiscal space have made it difficult for authorities to respond

decisively to the pandemic. Government indebtedness

increased with expanded government spending to address

the health crisis and to mitigate the adverse economic impact.

The uncertainty across the globe was further exacerbated by

risks to financial stability – trade tensions, prolonged loose

monetary conditions, rapid credit growth in some emerging

economies and high debt levels.

India GDP Growth

(%)

FY20

-3.5

5.5

4.2

FY21 FY22

Global Economy

FY20

-4.9

4.3

3.1

FY21 FY22

Advanced

Economies

FY20

-2.4

6.3

5.0

FY21 FY22

Emerging Markets &

Developing Economies

(Source: World Economic Outlook)

1.1.1. Outlook

Global growth was projected at 5.5% for 2021 and 4.2%

for 2022. Economic activity is expected to strengthen post

the roll-out of vaccines against the virus and pursuant to

additional policy support in a few large economies.

Advanced economies are projected to recover, with growth

reaching 4.3% and 3.1% in 2021 and 2022, respectively.

The recovery will be aided by widespread vaccination and

sustained monetary policy, which is expected to offset the

partial unwinding of fiscal support. For Emerging Markets

and Developing Economies, excluding China, growth is

expected to be 6.3% in 2021 as the lingering effects of the

pandemic continue to affect consumption and investment.

Furthermore, the drastically falling per capita income (90%)

has pushed millions into poverty in the Emerging Markets

and Developing Economies. Growth is forecast to resume

at a moderate pace in low-income countries as the vaccine

rollout is expected to be slow.

(Source: World Economic Outlook)

1.2. Indian Economy

India’s economy was witnessing a slowdown much before

the COVID-19 pandemic. Private consumption was sluggish

and investment sentiments were weak. Industrial output

contracted and tax revenues declined, with growth slowing

to a six-year low at the end of 2020-21.

Economic activities came to a halt as the Government of

India imposed a nationwide lockdown to contain the virus

spreading on March 24, 2020. The lockdown measures were

eased June 2020 onwards and economic activities resumed.

However, it was not enough to overcome the losses of the

first two months. Barring agriculture, all sectors recorded:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer to address

and resolve pending audit issues. The Chief Internal Auditor

is responsible for and presents the findings to the Audit

Committee every quarter, in the order of the impact of

risks involved and probabilities of their occurrence, and

the pendency of issues in various units, together with the

periodicity and status thereof.

The Audit Committee takes cognisance of the presentation

and provides its directions and guidance for further action.

Besides, the Chief Internal Auditor has also been entrusted

with the responsibility of reporting to the Audit Committee

on the adequacy of IFC in accordance with Section 177 (4)

(vii) of the Companies Act, 2013.

During FY 21, separate presentations on internal audit

findings on four occasions and IFC controls on one occasion

were shared with the Audit Committee in its meetings. The

Audit Committee was satisfied with the adequacy of the

internal control systems and procedures of the Company and

the performance of the internal audit department in respect

of monitoring of such systems.

6. MANAGING RISKS

The Risk Management Committee (RMC) of the Company

comprises Board Members and Senior Executives of the

Company, with the majority of members belong to the Board:

Name

Designation

Mr. Anil Kumar Nehru

Independent Director and

Chairperson

Mr. Lakshminarayan Ganesh

Independent Director

Mr. Vikramjit Singh Oberoi: Managing

Managing Director-

Development

Vikramjit Singh Oberoi: Managing

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

4

Telephone No.

91 11 23890505

5

Email id

vikram.oberoi@oberoigroup.com

SECTION 5: COMMITMENT TO RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS

As the owner and operator of leading luxury and five star hotels, the Company is committed to undertaking responsible

business practices which are fully aligned with the principles enunciated under the Business Responsibility Reporting

framework on social, environmental and economic responsibilities of business. The context of these principles are embedded

firmly within the “The Oberoi Dharma” and “The Oberoi Group Mission” guiding our business practices and corporate

governance. This philosophy allows us to work relentlessly towards delighting our guests and enriching the lives of our

employees through an open and participative work culture and by providing opportunities for learning, development and

growth.

Business Responsibility Report (Contd.)

The Company recognises the importance of society and

the environment in which it operates. We strongly believe

in mobilising our resources and efforts to strengthen and

empower the socially and economically disadvantaged and

to conduct business in a manner which is environmentally

responsible. Through our policies, processes and initiatives,

we conduct business in a responsible and sustainable manner.

The Company continuously reviews and improves its policies

and processes and in so doing, ensures the highest standards

of service and business practices.

This Business Responsibility Report details the various

initiatives undertaken by the Group during the Financial

Year.

PRINCIPLE 1: BUSINESSES SHOULD CONDUCT

AND GOVERN THEMSELVES WITH ETHICS,

TRANSPARENCY AND ACCOUNTABILITY

The Company’s guiding philosophy on ethics, transparency

and accountability is articulated in the “The Oberoi Dharma”

and specific details are provided in the Company’s “Code

of Conduct and Ethics Policy”. The Oberoi Dharma extends

to the entire Company and is central to all that we do,

individually and as an organisation. It binds all employees

to act with honesty, integrity and ethics at all times. Every

year, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and Senior

Management Personnel of the Company, give a written

affirmation of compliance to “The Oberoi Dharma”.

All employees are required to sign “The Code of Conduct

and Ethics Undertaking” at the time of joining the Company.

“The Code of Conduct and Ethics” espouses honest and

ethical conduct, while also emboldening the Company to

act strongly against:

• Theft, pilferage and fraud;

• Violence and abuse;

• Physical harm or assault;

• Sexual harassment of women at the workplace;

• Vandalism of Company property or assets.

The Company also has a “Whistleblower Policy” which

allows the Company to adhere to the highest standards of

ethical, moral and legal conduct of business operations.

The Policy provides a mechanism for the Directors and

employees of the Company to raise concerns regarding any

violations of legal or regulatory requirements, incorrect or

misrepresentation of any financial statements, reports, fraud

etc. The Policy applies to all employees of the hotels, business

units and corporate office of “The Oberoi Group” in India.

The Policy enables and facilitates an employee and other

stakeholders to report instances of misconduct, leakage

of unpublished price sensitive information, fraud, and

misdemeanour to the Whistle Officer, CEO or Chairperson

of the Audit Committee.

The implementation of the Whistleblower Policy is anchored

by the Executive Vice President, Human Resources and is

overseen by the MD & CEO of the Company.

PRINCIPLE 2: BUSINESSES SHOULD PROVIDE

GOODS AND SERVICES THAT ARE SAFE AND

CONTRIBUTE TO SUSTAINABILITY THROUGHOUT

THEIR LIFE CYCLE

The Company maintains the highest standards of safety and

sustainability in accordance with the Oberoi Dharma and

Vision which clearly states:

• “We see an organisation which is committed to the

environment, using natural products and recycling

items, thus ensuring proper use of diminishing natural

resources.”- Oberoi Vision

• “Conduct which at all times safeguards the safety,

security, health and environment of customers,

employees and the assets of the company.” – Oberoi

Dharma

• “Conduct which eschews the short-term quick-fix for the

long term establishment of healthy precedent.” – Oberoi

Dharma.

The Company takes great care in ensuring sustainable

practices. Measures implemented by the Company include

the following:

• All laundry chemicals are bio-degradable

• Detergents used require less water to rinse out of the

fabric and are therefore water efficient

• Cloth bags are used instead of plastic bags for collecting

and delivering guest laundry, dry cleaning and pressing

• Bio-degradable garbage bags are used in most hotels

• Guests are encouraged to adopt environment conscious

practices like optimised changing of bed linen and

towels during their stay

• All stationery and shopping bags are made of recycled

paper

• Some of the hotels have implemented efficient WC

systems with dual water flow for saving water

• Garden irrigation is carried out through recycled water

• Compost pits have been created in hotels with large

gardens

• Compost machines have been installed in majority of

hotels to recycle waste.

Safety initiatives underpin the Company’s business and

operational practices. These include physical structures

resilient to intrusive and/or other damaging interventions

to the extent feasible, fire-safety measures, focus on guest,

employee safety, safety towards women in the workplace and

overall operational safety across all functions. In addition,

initiatives are taken to review the safety and security

situation as follows:

• Internal security audit reviews of each hotel twice a year

• Following up on pending audit review points on a

monthly tracking report:

Managing Director-

Development

Vikramjit Singh Oberoi: Managing

Managing Director

& Chief Executive

Officer

Executive

7

Yes

4

1

Mr. Arjun Singh Oberoi: Managing Director

– Development

Executive

7

Yes

3

-

Mr. Sudipto Sarkar

Director

Non-Executive

Independent

6

Yes

3

3

Mr. Anil Kumar Nehru

Director

Non-Executive

Independent

7

Yes

2

2

Mr. Lakshminarayan

Ganesh

Director

Non-Executive

Independent

7

No

6

6

Mrs. Nita Mukesh

Ambani

Director

Non-Executive

Non-Independent

6

No

2

-

Mr. Manoj Harjivandas

Modi

Director

Non-Executive

Non-Independent

6

Yes

2

2

Mr. Rajeev Gupta

Director

Non-Executive

Independent

5

No

4

3

Dr. Chhavi Rajawat

Director

Non-Executive

Independent

4

No

1

-

Mr. Sanjay Gopal

Bhatnagar

Director

Non-Executive

Independent

6

No

1

1

* Excludes Directorship if any, in private companies/foreign companies and companies under Section 8 of the Companies Act, 2013.

** Chairperson of one committee.

@ Only Audit Committee & Stakeholders Relationship Committee has been considered as per listing regulations.

Report on Corporate Governance

c)

Names of the listed entities where the above Directors are Director(s) and the category of

Directorship

Name of the Director

Name of the listed Company

Category of Directorship

Mr. Prithvi Raj Singh Oberoi

EIH Associated Hotels Limited

Non-Executive

Managing Director & Chief

Executive Officer is an invitee to the Audit Committee

Meetings. The Statutory Auditor, the Chief Financial

Officer and the Chief Internal Auditor also attend Audit

Committee Meetings. The Company Secretary acts as

the Secretary to the Committee.

Role of Audit Committee

The Role of the Audit Committee is in accordance

with Regulation 18, Part C of Schedule II to the listing

regulations and Section 177 of the Companies Act, 2013.

4.

STAKEHOLDERS RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE

Composition, Meetings & Attendance

The Stakeholders Relationship Committee (SRC)

comprises of four Board Members, namely, Mr. Anil

Kumar Nehru, Mr. Shib Sanker Mukherji, Mr. Vikramjit

Singh Oberoi and Mr. Arjun Singh Oberoi. Mr. Anil

Kumar Nehru, Independent Director is the Chairperson

of the SRC. Mr. S. N. Sridhar, Company Secretary, who

is also the Compliance Officer of the Company, acts as

Secretary to the Committee.

The quorum for a meeting of SRC is two members.

The SRC met four times during the Financial Year on

September 02, 2020, November 16, 2020, January 29,

2021 and March 26, 2021.

Attendance of the members of the SRC during the FY21

is given below:

Name of the Member

Number of

Meetings attended

Mr. Anil Kumar Nehru

4

Mr. Shib Sanker Mukherji

3

Mr. Vikramjit Singh Oberoi

4

Mr. Arjun Singh Oberoi

4

Note: All the meetings in the FY21 were held through

video conferencing as per the circulars issued by the

Government of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs due

to the Covid-19 pandemic.

Role of Stakeholders Relationship Committee

The Role of SRC is in accordance with Regulation 20

and Part D of Schedule II to the listing regulations

and Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013. The

Committee monitors the Company’s response to investor

complaints. It has also been authorised to approve the

issue of duplicate share certificates in lieu of those lost

or destroyed.

Pursuant to Regulation 40(2) of the listing regulations,

the power to approve transposition, transmission, and

name deletion etc. of shares in their physical form have

been delegated to a committee of executives of the

Company.

As on March 31, 2021, there were no request for

dematerialisation of shares which were pending.

During the Financial Year, 141 complaints were received

from investors. These complaints mainly related to

non-receipt of application forms, rights entitlement, non-

receipt of shares in demat accounts after allotment in the

Company’s Rights Issue and dividends. All complaints

have been resolved. There were no complaints pending

as on March 31, 2021.:

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer;

• Mr. Arjun Singh Oberoi,: Managing Director -

Development;

• Mr. Kallol Kundu - Chief Financial Officer; and

• Mr. Sameer Nayar-Executive Vice President-

Strategic Development.

Mr. Anil Kumar Nehru is the Chairperson of the

Committee. The quorum of the RMC shall be three

members comprising of any two Board Member along

with any one Senior Executive. The Company Secretary

act as Secretary to the Committee.

Role of Board Committee on Risk

Management

The Role of RMC is as under:

• Identifying new risks facing the Company and

reviews existing risks for continuity and relevance;

• Identifying key risk owners who will be responsible

for managing individual risks;

• Recommending key risk indicators (KRIs) and

measurement criteria;

• Recommending mitigation plans as identified by

individual key risk owners;

During the Financial Year, the RMC met twice on

September 02, 2020 and on March 24, 2021.

Attendance of the members of the RMC during the FY21

is given below:

Name of the Member

Number of

Meetings attended

Mr. Anil Kumar Nehru

2

Mr. Lakshminarayan Ganesh

2

Mr. Vikramjit Singh Oberoi

2

Mr. Arjun Singh Oberoi

2

Mr. Kallol Kundu

2

Mr. Sameer Nayar

2

Note: Both meetings in the FY21 were held through

video conferencing as per the circulars issued by the

Government of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs due

to the Covid-19 pandemic.

6.

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

COMMITTEE

Composition, Meetings and Attendance

The Corporate Social Responsibility Committee (CSR

Committee) comprises of four Board Members, namely,

Mr. Rajeev Gupta, Independent Director, Mr. Shib

Sanker Mukherji, Mr. Vikramjit Singh Oberoi and

Mr. Arjun Singh Oberoi. Mr. Shib Sanker Mukherji,

Executive Vice

Managing Director-

Development (DIN: 00052106) for the FY21.

10. GENERAL DISCLOSURES

a)

Related Party Transactions

(i)

A summary of transactions with related

parties, in the ordinary course of business

and at arm’s length is placed before the Audit

Committee every quarter;

(ii) There were no material individual

transactions with related parties that were

not in the ordinary course of business and at

arm’s length during the Financial Year ended

on March 31, 2021;

(iii) There were no material significant

transactions during the Financial Year

with related parties such as the promoters,

directors, key managerial personnel, relatives

or subsidiaries that could have potential

conflict of interest with the Company;

(iv) The mandatory disclosure of transactions

with related parties, in compliance with the

Indian Accounting Standard (Ind AS-24),

forms part of this Annual Report;

(v)

The Related Party Transactions policy of the

Company can be accessed on the Company’s

website https://www.eihltd.com/-/media/

eihltd/pdf-files/polices-and-code-of-conduct/

related-party-transaction-policy/eih-rpt-

policy-revised_2019.pdf

b)

Capital Market non- compliances, if any

There were no instances of non-compliance by

the Company on any matter relating to the capital

markets during the past three years;

c)

Vigil Mechanism/ Whistleblower Policy

The Company has a Whistleblower Policy which

can be accessed on the Company’s website

https://www.eihltd.com/-/media/eihltd/pdf-files/

polices-and-code-of-conduct/other-policies/

whistleblowerpolicyeih139final.pdf. It is affirmed

that no personnel has been denied access to the

Chairman of the Audit Committee in terms of the

policy. During the Financial Year, no complaint

was received by the Whistle Officer or the Audit

Committee.

d) Policies

In accordance with the Companies Act 2013

and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Company

has formulated the following policies which can be

accessed on the Company’s website https://www.

eihltd.com/investors/corporate-governance/

i)

Policy on Material Subsidiaries;

ii)

Policy on Distribution of Dividend;

iii) Policy on Determination and Disclosure of

Material Events;

iv)

Policy on Preservation and Archival of

Documents;

v)

Risk Management Policy.

e) Insider Trading

The Company has formulated a Code of Conduct

for prevention of insider trading in the shares of the

Company for Directors and other identified persons

in accordance with the Securities and Exchange

Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading)

Regulations, 2015 as amended by Securities and

Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider

Trading) (Amendment), Regulations, 2018. The

Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading,

Code of Fair Disclosure of Unpublished Price

Sensitive Information and Policy and procedure

for inquiry in case of leak of Unpublished Price

Sensitive Information can be accessed on the

Company’s website https://www.eihltd.com/-/

media/eihltd/pdf-files/polices-and-code-of-

conduct/insider-trading/code-of-conduct-for-

insider-trading-with-amendments-jan-2020.pdf

f) Independent Directors Meeting

During the year, one Independent Directors

Meeting was held through video conference on

March 26, 2021 to review the performance of the

Non-Independent Directors, performance of the

Committees, performance of the Chairperson and

the Board as a whole. The Independent Directors

also evaluated the quality, quantity and timeliness

of information exchange between the Company

Management and the Board.

g) Board Evaluation

The Company has put in place a Board Evaluation

process. A note on this is provided in the Directors’

Report.

h)

Prevention of Sexual Harassment at

Workplace

In accordance with the Sexual Harassment of

Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and

Redressal) Act, 2013 (“POSH Act”) the complaints

received and resolved during the Financial Year is

as under:

Number of Complaints filed during the

year

Nil

Number of Complaints disposed of

during the year

Nil

Number of Complaints pending as at

the end of the Financial Year

Nil

The Company has complied with the provisions

relating to the constitution of Internal Complaints

Committee (ICC) and filed necessary returns

required to be filed under the POSH Act.

i)

Internal Controls

The Company has put in place adequate Internal

Control Systems and Procedures including

adequate Financial Controls with reference to

Financial Statement.

j)

Certificate from Company Secretary in

Practice regarding Non-disqualification

of Directors

In accordance with regulation 34(3) and schedule V

para C of clause (10) (i) of the listing regulations, a

certificate from the Company Secretary in practice

that none of the Directors on the Board of the

Company have been debarred or disqualified

from being appointed or continuing as directors of

companies by the Securities and Exchange Board

of India/Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such

statutory authority is attached and forms part of

this report.

k)

Fee to Statutory Auditors

The total fees for all services paid by the Company

and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, to the

statutory auditor and all entities in the network

firm/network entity of which the statutory auditor

is a part during the Financial Year is ` 28.92 million.

l)

Committee Recommendations

There has been no instance where the Board has

not accepted any recommendation of/submission

by any Committee which is mandatorily required,

in the FY21.

m) Non- mandatory requirements

The Company is complying with the non-

mandatory requirement of separation of the post

of Chairperson and: Managing

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer

DECLARATION BY THE: MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER UNDER REGULATION 34(3)

AND SCHEDULE V (D) OF LISTING REGULATION REGARDING ADHERENCE TO THE CODE OF CONDUCT.

In accordance with regulation 34(3) and schedule V (D) of the listing regulations, I hereby confirm that all

letter dated March 04, 2021 granted voluntary delisting

of equity shares of the Company on their exchange with

effect from March 05, 2021.

3.

The Board in its meeting held on March 26, 2021

approved an investment of MUR 100,000,000 in the

equity share capital of EIH Flights Services Ltd (EIHFSL),

a wholly owned subsidiary, pursuant to Section 179, 186

and other applicable provisions of The Act, subject to

the provisions of Foreign Exchange Management Act,

1999 and rules and regulations made thereunder and

the notifications, circulars and guidelines issued by

the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) from time to time, as

applicable and such consent/approval of RBI or any

other authority.

The Board also approved providing corporate guarantee

and repayment undertaking to SBM Bank (Mauritius)

Ltd, for additional short term loan of MUR 7,600,000

sanctioned by them to EIHFSL, by including this in the

existing security/guarantee provided to the Bank.

4.

On the recommendation of Nomination & Remuneration

Committee, the Board in its meeting held on March 26,

2021 approved payment of minimum remuneration, in

the event of loss or inadequacy of profits in the FY21,

to the Executive Directors of the Company subject to

the approval of the shareholders of the Company. The

Board also approved Notice of Postal Ballot in order to

obtain shareholders’ approval through ballot paper and

remote e-voting. The voting to start on April 17 and end

on May 17, 2021.

5.

In accordance with the guidelines prescribed by the

Ministry of Corporate Affairs (the “MCA”) for holding

general meeting/ conducting postal ballot through

e-voting vide General Circular Nos. 14/2020 dated April

08, 2020; 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020; 22/2020 dated

June 15, 2020; (the “Relevant Circulars”) the Company

conducted its Annual General Meeting on August 14,

2020 through video conferencing.

We further report that during the financial year there were

no other specific events/ actions having major bearing on the:

letter of

even date which is annexed and forms an integral part of

this report.

Secretarial Audit Report (Contd.)

For the financial year ended March 31, 2021

To,

The Members,

EIH Limited

4, Mangoe Lane,

Kolkata-700001

Our Secretarial Audit Report of even date for the financial year ended March 31, 2021 is to be read along with this: letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the company. Our responsibility is to

express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct

facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable

basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of accounts of the company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and occurrence of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations and standards is the

responsibility of the Management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion based on examination of systems and

procedures being followed by the Company.

6.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Jus & Associates

Company Secretaries

Dr. Ajay Kumar Jain

Proprietor

Membership Number: FCS - 1551

Certificate of Practice Number: 21898

Firm Registration Number: P2010DE695800

Date: May 7, 2021

Place: New Delhi

ANNEXURE TO SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT OF EVEN DATE

letter of even date which is

annexed and forms an integral part of this report.

ANNEXURE TO SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT OF EVEN DATE

To,

The Members of

EIH Limited, and

Mashobra Resort Limited

Hotel Wildflower Hall,

Chharabra, Shimla

Himachal Pradesh-171012

Our Secretarial Audit Report of even date for the financial year ended March 31, 2021 is to be read along with this: letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the Management of the Company. Our responsibility is to

express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct

facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable

basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of accounts of the company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management Representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and occurrence of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility

of the Management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion based on examination of systems and procedures being

followed by the Company.

6.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Jus & Associates

Company Secretaries

Dr. Ajay Kumar Jain

Proprietor

Membership Number: FCS - 1551

Certificate of Practice Number: 21898

Firm Registration Number: P2010DE695800

Date: April 23, 2021

Place: New Delhi

letter of even date which is

annexed as and forms an integral part of this report.

Secretarial Audit Report (Contd.)

For the financial year ended March 31, 2021:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the company. Our responsibility is to

express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct

facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable

basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of accounts of the company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and occurrence of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations and standards is the

responsibility of the Management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion based on examination of systems and

procedures being followed by the Company.

6.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Jus & Associates

Company Secretaries

Dr. Ajay Kumar Jain

Proprietor

Membership Number: FCS - 1551

Certificate of Practice Number: 21898

Firm Registration Number: P2010DE695800

Date: April 23, 2021

Place: New Delhi

ANNEXURE TO SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT OF EVEN DATE:

Managing Director - Development

(Firm’s Registration No. 117366W/W-100018)

(DIN: 00048279)

(DIN: 00052106)

Alka Chadha

Vikramjit Singh Oberoi

Partner: Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

(Membership Number 93474)

(DIN: 00052014)

Kallol Kundu

S.N.Sridhar

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place : Gurugram

Place : New Delhi

Date : May 7, 2021

Date : May 7, 2021

Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss

for the Year ended March 31, 2021

` Million

Notes

Year ended

March 31, 2021

Year ended

March 31, 2020

Revenue from operations

32

4,327.01

13,503.00

Other income

33

409.41

840.08

Total Income

4,736.42

14,343.08

Expenses

Consumption of provisions, wines and others

34

699.83

1,688.29

Employee benefits expense

35

3,154.07

4,108.87

Finance costs

36

404.30

495.15

Depreciation and amortisation expense

37

1,199.62

1,342.03

Other expenses

38

3,219.25

5,451.71

Total expenses

8,677.07

13,086.05

Profit / (Loss) before exceptional items and tax

(3,940.65)

1,257.03

Exceptional items

39

(489.85)

(166.07)

Profit / (Loss) before tax

(4,430.50)

1,090.96

Tax expense

40

Current tax

12.05

209.91

Deferred tax

(1,011.31)

(363.62)

Profit / (Loss) for the year

(3,431.24)

1,244.67

Other comprehensive income / (loss)

Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

-

Remeasurement of defined benefit obligations

41.27

(31.12)

-

Tax relating to these items

(10.39)

7.83

Total other comprehensive income / (loss) for the year, net of tax

30.88

(23.29)

Total comprehensive income / (loss) for the year

(3,400.36)

1,221.38

Earnings per equity share (in `) - Face Value ` 2

50

(1) Basic

(5.72)

2.15

(2) Diluted

(5.72)

2.15

See accompanying notes to the Standalone Financial Statements

In terms of our report attached

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP

Sudipto Sarkar

Arjun Singh Oberoi

Chartered Accountants

Managing Director - Development

(Firm’s Registration No. 117366W/W-100018)

(DIN: 00048279)

(DIN: 00052106)

Alka Chadha

Vikramjit Singh Oberoi

Partner: Managing

Managing Director - Development

(Firm’s Registration No. 117366W/W-100018)

(DIN: 00048279)

(DIN: 00052106)

Alka Chadha

Vikramjit Singh Oberoi

Partner: Managing

letter dated

April 4, 2012 requested MRL to account for the entire

amount of ` 1,361.93 Million provided to MRL upto

March 31, 2012 as ‘Advance Towards Equity’, including

` 130.00 Million being the opening balance of ‘Advance

Towards Equity’. In view of the above, the Company

has shown the said amount of ` 1,361.93 Million as

‘Advance Towards Equity’ under Other non-current

financial assets in its books of account.

The High Court, by virtue of an order dated February

25, 2016 which was made available to the Company

in May 2016, decided not to interfere with the order

of the Arbitrator. The Company amongst others, have

preferred an appeal before the Division Bench of the

High Court of Himachal Pradesh. By an Order dated

June 27, 2016, Division Bench has stayed the Single

Bench Judge Order dated February 25, 2016 and directed

the parties to maintain status quo till the matter is

finally heard and disposed off. The matter is pending

before the Division Bench of the High Court of Himachal

Pradesh for adjudication.

iii) Claims, provisions and contingent liabilities:

The Company has ongoing litigations with various

regulatory authorities and third parties with respect to

tax/legal matters. Where an outflow of funds is believed

to be probable and a reliable estimate of the outcome

of the dispute can be made based on management’s

assessment of specific circumstances of each dispute

and relevant external advice, management provides for

its best estimate of the liability. Contingent liabilities are

possible obligations whose existence will be confirmed

only on the occurrence or non-occurrence of uncertain

future events outside the Company’s control, or present

obligations that are not recognised because it is not

probable that a settlement will be required or the

value of such a payment cannot be reliably estimated.

These are subjective in nature and involve judgement

in determining the likely outcome of such tax/legal

matters.

4

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

` Million

Gross carrying amount

Accumulated depreciation

Carrying

value as at

March 31,

2020

As at

April 1,

2019

Reclassified

on adoption

of Ind AS

116

(Refer note

48)

Adjusted

balance as

at April 1,

2019

Additions

during the

year

Less: Sales/

Adjustments

during the

year

Balance

as at

March 31,

2020

As at

April 1,

2019

Reclassified

on adoption

of Ind AS 116

(Refer note

48)

Adjusted

balance

as at

April 1,

2019

For the

year

Less: Sales/

Adjustments

Balance

as at

March

31, 2020

Freehold land (including

development cost)

1,607.87

-

1,607.87

-

-

1,607.87

-

-

-

-

-

-

1,607.87

Land under finance lease

641.88

(641.88)

-

-

-

-

19.40

(19.40)

-

-

-

-

-

Buildings

12,676.03

-

12,676.03

233.67

74.81

12,834.89

926.44

-

926.44

271.75

4.48 1,193.71

11,641.18

Plant & equipment

6,106.32

-

6,106.32

462.85

49.80

6,519.37

2,243.25

- 2,243.25

612.86

28.47 2,827.64

3,691.73

Furniture & fittings

1,232.02

-

1,232.02

85.70

5.10

1,312.62

467.45

-

467.45

116.02

3.62

579.85

732.77

Vehicles

534.87

-

534.87

15.20

9.51

540.56

162.67

-

162.67

85.23

4.08

243.82

296.74

Office equipment

37.35

-

37.35

5.05

0.35

42.05

10.40

-

10.40

7.07

0.17

17.30

24.75

Vehicles under finance lease

105.97

(105.97)

-

-

-

-

51.43

(51.43)

-

-

-

-

-

Boats

40.83

-

40.83

-

0.17

40.66

10.95

-

10.95

1.97

0.05

12.87

27.79

Aircrafts

319.29

-

319.29

20.27

5.85

333.71

96.20

-

96.20

25.35

3.55

118.00

215.71

TOTAL

23,302.43

(747.85) 22,554.58

822.74

145.59

23,231.73

3,988.19

(70.83) 3,917.36 1,120.25

44.42 4,993.19

18,238.54

` Million

Gross carrying amount

Accumulated depreciation

Impairment

Loss

Carrying

value as at

March 31,

2021

As at

April 1, 2020

Additions during

the year

Less: Sales /

Adjustments

during the year

Balance as at

March 31, 2021

As at

April 1, 2020 For the year

Less: Sales/

Adjustments

As at

March 31,

2021

Freehold land (including

development cost)

1,607.87

-

-

1,607.87

-

-

-

-

-

1,607.87

Buildings

12,834.89

48.62

7.72

12,875.79

1,193.71

271.91

0.91

1,464.71

0.88 11,410.20

Plant & equipment

6,519.37

117.67

61.87

6,575.17

2,827.64

485.66

44.42

3,268.88

3.16

3,303.13

Furniture & fittings

1,312.62

12.59

5.07

1,320.14

579.85

117.24

4.72

692.37

0.20

627.57

Vehicles

540.56

2.05

5.54

537.07

243.82

81.40

3.08

322.14

0.13

214.80

Office equipment

42.05

0.15

0.29

41.91

17.30

7.18

0.05

24.43

-

17.48

Vehicles under finance lease

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Boats

40.66

-

-

40.66

12.87

1.15

-

14.02

20.56

6.08

Aircrafts

333.71

-

-

333.71

118.00

26.29

-

144.29

-

189.42

Total

23,231.73

181.08

80.49

23,332.32

4,993.19

990.83

53.18

5,930.84

24.93 17,376.55

4

(i) Assets held as security

Refer to note 21 & 26 for disclosure of assets held as security.

(ii) Interest capitalised to qualifying assets

Refer to note 36 for disclosure of amount capitalised to qualifying assets.

(iii) Contractual obligations

Refer to note 47 for disclosure of contractual commitments for the acquisition of property, plant and equipment.:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

Mr. Arjun Singh Oberoi -: Managing

letter of support confirming that financial support will be provided to its subsidiary,

EIHFSL for the foreseeable future.

45 CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

The Company had contingent liabilities at March 31, 2021 in respect of:

(a) Claims against the Company pending appellate/judicial decisions not acknowledged as debts:

` Million

March 31, 2021

March 31, 2020

i.

Sales Tax and Value Added Tax

54.97

37.36

ii. Income Tax

266.05

280.50

iii. Service Tax

13.61

15.89

iv. Property Tax

262.06

236.43

v. Customs Duty

429.66

429.66

vi. Luxury Tax

3.50

3.50

vii. Others

5.30

7.05

The matters listed above are in the nature of statutory dues, namely, Property tax, Sales Tax, Value Added Tax, Income

Tax, Service Tax, Customs Duty, Luxury Tax and other claims, all of which are under litigation, the outcome of which

would depend on the merits of facts and law at an uncertain future date. The amounts shown in the items above represent

the best possible estimates arrived at, are on the basis of currently available information. The Company engages reputed

professional advisors to protect its interests, and cases that are disputed by the Company are those where the management

has been advised that it has strong legal positions. Hence, the outcomes of the above matters are not envisaged to have any

material adverse impact on the Company’s financial position.

(b) Guarantees :

i.

Guarantees given to banks for ` 655.10 Million (2020- ` 701.10 Million) against financial facilities availed by a

subsidiary company.

ii.

Counter guarantees issued to banks and remaining outstanding ` 49.07 Million (2020- ` 15.66 Million).

46 There has been no delay in transferring amounts, required to be transferred, to the Investor Education and Protection

Fund by the Company.:

letter of support confirming that financial support will be provided to its subsidiary,

EIHFSL for the foreseeable future.

48 LEASES

Effective April 1, 2019, the Company adopted Ind AS 116 “Leases” and applied the standard to all lease contracts existing

on April 1, 2019 using the modified retrospective method by recognising a lease liability at the date of initial application

at the present value of the remaining lease payments, discounted using the company’s incremental borrowing rate

and recognizing a right-of-use assets at an amount equal to the lease liability, adjusted by the amount of any prepaid

or accrued lease payments relating to that lease recognised in the balance sheet immediately before the date of initial

application.

On transition, the adoption of the new standard resulted in recognition of right of use assets of ` 3,338.01 Million from

leases that were earlier classified as operating lease and right-of-use assets of ` 677.02 Million from leases that were

earlier classified as finance lease aggregating to total right-of-use assets of ` 4,015.03 Million and a lease liability of

` 1,100.12 Million from leases that were earlier classified as operating lease and lease liability of ` 87.56 Million from

leases that were earlier classified as finance lease aggregating to total lease liability of ` 1,187.68 Million.

Further the effect of this adoption had also resulted in the following as on April 1, 2019:

• Property, plant and equipment decreased by ` 677.02 Million

• Deferred tax liabilities (net) increased by ` 3.60 Million

• Prepayments decreased by ` 2,237.89 Million

• Borrowings and other financial liabilities decreased by ` 62.92 Million and ` 34.93 Million respectively

The cumulative effect of applying the standard resulted in ` 6.69 Million (net of tax) being credited to retained

earnings as on the transition date.

Ind AS 116 had resulted in an increase in cash inflows from operating activities and an increase in cash outflows from

financing activities on account of lease payments.

The following is the summary of practical expedients elected on initial application:

(a)

Applied a single discount rate to a portfolio of leases of similar assets in similar economic environment with a

similar end date

(b) Relying on previous assessments on whether leases are onerous as an alternative to performing an impairment

review - there were no onerous contracts as at April 1, 2019

(c)

Applied the exemption not to recognise right-of-use assets and liabilities for leases with less than 12 months of

lease term on the date of initial application

(d)

Excluded the initial direct costs from the measurement of the right-of-use asset at the date of initial application

(e)

Using hindsight in determining the lease term where the contract contains options to extend or terminate the

lease

Amount recognised in profit and loss account

The statement of profit and loss shows the following amount relating to leases :

` Million

Particulars

Year ended

March 31, 2021

Year ended

March 31, 2020

Depreciation charge for the right-of-use assets

Land leases

125.64

129.59

Building leases

0.59

0.64

Vehicle Leases

21.14

25.22

147.37

155.45

Interest on lease liabilities (included in finance costs)

107.99

107.35

Expense relating to short-term leases (included in other expenses)

199.25

214.06

Expense relating to leases of low-value assets that are not shown above as short-term leases

(included in other expenses)

0.10

1.14

Expense relating to variable lease payments not included in lease liabilities

Nil

Nil

Total cash outflows for leases

132.98

109.69

Following are the changes in the carrying value of right-of-use assets:

` Million

Particulars

Category of right-of-use assets

Land leases

Building

Vehicle Leases

Total

Balance as of April 1, 2019

-

-

-

-

*Reclassified on account of adoption of Ind AS 116

3,959.61

0.88

54.54

4,015.03

Additions

-

1.19

14.42

15.61

Sales / Adjustments during the year

-

-

0.80

0.80

Depreciation

129.59

0.64

25.22

155.45

Balance as of March 31, 2020

3,830.02

1.43

42.94

3,874.39

Additions

-

-

3.66

3.66

Sales / Adjustments during the year

61.66

0.24

0.88

62.78

Depreciation

125.64

0.59

21.14

147.37

Balance as of March 31, 2021

3,642.72

0.60

24.58

3,667.90

* Prior to April 1, 2019, the Company recognised lease assets and lease liabilities in relation to leases that were classified as finance leases under

Ind AS 17, ‘Leases’. The assets were presented in property, plant and equipment and the liabilities as part of the Company’s borrowings and other

financial liabilities.

The aggregate depreciation expense on ROU assets is included under depreciation and amortisation expense in the Statement

of Profit and Loss.:

Letter of Offer dated September 21, 2020 offered 53,794,768 shares by way of Rights issue at a face

value of ` 2 each and at a price of ` 65 per equity share (including a premium of ` 63 per equity share). The issue opened

on September 29, 2020 and closed on October 13, 2020 with a subscription of 1.60 times the issue size. Subsequently,

the Company allotted 53,794,768 shares on October 20, 2020, on the basis of allotment approved by the Rights Issue

Committee of the Board of Directors aggregating to ` 3,496.66 Million including securities premium of ` 3,389.07

Million. Issue expenses incurred in connection with the Rights issue, amounting to ` 32.02 Million have been charged

to securities premium.

Pursuant to the allotment of equity shares on rights basis, basic and diluted earnings per share have been adjusted

retrospectively for the bonus element in respect of rights issue in accordance with Ind AS 33.

Proceeds from the rights issue have been utilised towards the objects stated in the: Letter of Offer in the following

manner:

Particulars

` Million

Repayments of borrowings

2,800.00

General corporate purposes

664.64

Issue expenses

32.02

Total

3,496.66

57 During the year, the Company recognised an impairment loss in respect of certain property, plant and equipment

amounting ` 24.93 Million (Previous year – ` Nil) on account of continuing losses in respect of, The Oberoi Motor

Vessel Vrinda, a luxury cruiser in the backwaters of Kerala. The same has been charged in the Statement of Profit and

Loss, which has been disclosed under “Exceptional items” (refer note 39).

The recoverable amount of the aforementioned luxury cruiser was determined by the Company’s management based

on a value-in-use calculation of the recoverable amount which uses cash flow projections and a discount rate of 11.47%

per annum. The recoverable amount has been calculated as per the provisions of Ind AS 36, Impairment of Assets. Cash

flow projections are based on the expected future occupancy, average room rate, expected payroll and other costs.

58 IMPACT OF COVID-19 ON BUSINESS OPERATIONS

The World Health Organisation declared the COVID-19 outbreak as a pandemic on March 11, 2020, leading to series of

measures by countries across the world to contain the spread of the virus. A nationwide lockdown was imposed across

India on March 24, 2020, whereby hotel operations were mandated to remain non-operational for different periods

across various states in the country. Similar restrictions were imposed by other countries across the globe. This had a

severe impact on business at the Company’s hotels and other operations across India for the year ended March 31, 2021.

The lockdown was lifted in a phased manner across various states in the country, post which hotels and restaurants

were allowed to resume operations from June 8, 2020 in phases. Domestic airlines in India were allowed to commence

operations from May 25, 2020 and several ‘Air Bubble’ flights were allowed to operate between India and other specified

countries effective July 18, 2020.

During the lockdown, business at the Company’s hotels was mainly limited to stranded guests and accommodation

requirements of guests rendering essential services allowed under government orders. Post lifting of the lockdown,

business at hotels and restaurants have gradually started picking up, especially at leisure locations. With respect to

business in the financial year ending March 31, 2022 the revenues could be impacted due to further travel restrictions,

if any, resulting from a surge of COVID-19 cases that could influence travel decisions of guests or guests postponing

discretionary spending. The Company’s flight kitchens catered to various airlines operating repatriation flights, crew

and cargo flights and continue to cater to domestic flights and to international ‘Air Bubble’ flights since July, 2020. The

printing press of the Company received special permission from the Government to operate amidst the lockdown from

May 1, 2020 for servicing essential services like banks, pharmaceuticals and food.

Managing Director - Development

(DIN: 00048279)

(DIN: 00052106)

Vikramjit Singh Oberoi: Managing

Managing Director - Development

(Firm’s Registration No. 117366W/W-100018)

(DIN: 00048279)

(DIN: 00052106)

Alka Chadha

Vikramjit Singh Oberoi

Partner: Managing

Managing Director - Development

(Firm’s Registration No. 117366W/W-100018)

(DIN: 00048279)

(DIN: 00052106)

Alka Chadha

Vikramjit Singh Oberoi

Partner: Managing

Managing Director - Development

(Firm’s Registration No. 117366W/W-100018)

(DIN: 00048279)

(DIN: 00052106)

Alka Chadha

Vikramjit Singh Oberoi

Partner: Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

(Membership Number 93474)

(DIN: 00052014)

Kallol Kundu

S.N.Sridhar

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place : Gurugram

Place : New Delhi

Date : May 7, 2021

Date : May 7, 2021

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

for the Year ended March 31, 2021

Consolidated Statement of changes in equity

for the Year ended March 31, 2021

A.

EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL

` Million

As at April 1, 2019

1,143.14

Changes in equity share capital during the year

-

As at March 31, 2020

1,143.14

Add: Issued during the year on Rights basis (refer note 50)

107.59

As at March 31, 2021

1,250.73

B.

OTHER EQUITY

` Million

Reserves and surplus

Other

Reserves

Total other

equity

Non-

controlling

interest

Total

Capital

redemption

reserve

Capital

reserve

Securities

premium

General

reserve

Retained

earnings

- Surplus

Foreign

currency

translation

reserve

Balance at April 1, 2019

1,024.21

25.95

12,373.41

9,384.83

5,398.59

583.81

28,790.80

886.17

29,676.97

Impact on adoption of Ind AS 116,

net of tax (refer note 45)

-

-

-

-

8.09

-

8.09

-

8.09

Profit / (Loss) for the year

-

-

-

-

1,488.17

-

1,488.17

163.26

1,651.43

Other comprehensive income /

(loss) for the year, net of tax

-

-

-

-

(52.53)

-

(52.53)

(0.31)

(52.84)

Currency translation difference on

foreign operations

-

-

-

-

593.52

593.52

10.14

603.66

-

-

-

-

1,443.73

593.52

2,037.25

173.09

2,210.34

Allocations/Appropriations:

Final dividend paid for the year

2018-19

-

-

-

-

(514.41)

-

(514.41)

(61.95)

(576.36)

Reversal of deferred tax liability

on proposed dividend created in

previous year

-

-

-

-

-

-

12.74

12.74

Dividend distribution tax

-

-

-

-

(91.34)

-

(91.34)

(12.74)

(104.08)

-

-

-

-

(605.75)

-

(605.75)

(61.95)

(667.70)

Balance as at March 31, 2020

1,024.21

25.95

12,373.41

9,384.83

6,236.57

1,177.33

30,222.30

997.31

31,219.61

Balance at April 1, 2020

1,024.21

25.95

12,373.41

9,384.83

6,236.57

1,177.33

30,222.30

997.31

31,219.61

Securities premium on issue of

shares on Rights basis (refer note 50)

-

-

3,389.07

-

-

-

3,389.07

-

3,389.07

Issue related expenses incurred on

Rights issue of equity shares (refer

note 50)

-

-

(32.02)

-

-

-

(32.02)

-

(32.02)

Profit / (Loss) for the year

-

-

-

-

(3,697.08)

-

(3,697.08)

(57.38)

(3,754.46)

Other comprehensive income /

(loss) for the year, net of tax

-

-

-

-

41.77

-

41.77

0.32

42.09

Currency translation difference on

foreign operations

-

-

-

-

-

(130.29)

(130.29)

3.73

(126.56)

-

-

3,357.05

-

(3,655.31)

(130.29)

(428.55)

(53.33)

(481.88)

Allocations/Appropriations

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Balance as at March 31, 2021

1,024.21

25.95

15,730.46

9,384.83

2,581.26

1,047.04

29,793.75

943.98

30,737.73

See accompanying notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

In terms of our report attached

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP

Sudipto Sarkar

Arjun Singh Oberoi

Chartered Accountants

letter dated

April 4, 2012 requested MRL to account for the entire

amount of ` 1,361.93 Million provided to MRL upto

March 31, 2012 as ‘Advance Towards Equity’, including

` 130.00 Million being the opening balance of ‘Advance

Towards Equity’. In view of the above, the Company

has shown the said amount of ` 1,361.93 Million as

‘Advance Towards Equity’ under Other non-current

financial assets in its books of account.

The High Court, by virtue of an order dated February

25, 2016 which was made available to the Company

in May 2016, decided not to interfere with the order

of the Arbitrator. The Company amongst others, have

preferred an appeal before the Division Bench of the

High Court of Himachal Pradesh. By an Order dated

June 27, 2016, Division Bench has stayed the Single

Bench Judge Order dated February 25, 2016 and directed

the parties to maintain status quo till the matter is

finally heard and disposed off. The matter is pending

before the Division Bench of the High Court of Himachal

Pradesh for adjudication.

iii) Claims, provisions and contingent liabilities:

The Group has ongoing litigations with various

regulatory authorities and third parties with respect to

tax/legal matters. Where an outflow of funds is believed

to be probable and a reliable estimate of the outcome

of the dispute can be made based on management’s

assessment of specific circumstances of each dispute

and relevant external advice, management provides for

its best estimate of the liability. Contingent liabilities are

possible obligations whose existence will be confirmed

only on the occurrence or non-occurrence of uncertain

future events outside the Company’s control, or present

obligations that are not recognised because it is not

probable that a settlement will be required or the

value of such a payment cannot be reliably estimated.

These are subjective in nature and involve judgement

in determining the likely outcome of such tax/legal

matters.

4 A.

(i) Property, plant and equipment

` Million

Gross carrying amount

Accumulated depreciation

Carrying

value as at

March 31,

2020

As at

April 1,

2019

Reclassified

on adoption

of Ind AS 116

(Refer note

45)

Adjusted

balance as

at April 1,

2019

Additions

during the

year

Less: Sales/

Adjustments

during the

year

Translation

adjustment

Balance

as at

March 31,

2020

As at

April 1,

2019

Reclassified

on adoption

of Ind AS 116

(Refer note

45)

Adjusted

balance as

at April 1,

2019

For the

year

Less: Sales /

Adjustments

Translation

adjustment

Balance

as at

March

31, 2020

Freehold land (including

development cost)

2,144.37

-

2,144.37

-

-

31.60

2,175.97

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

2,175.97

Land under finance lease

641.88

(641.88)

-

-

-

-

-

19.40

(19.40)

-

-

-

-

-

-

Buildings

14,549.95

- 14,549.95

406.43

142.15

(5.60) 14,808.63

1,178.67

-

1,178.67

327.86

6.59

(35.45) 1,464.49

13,344.14

Plant & equipment

6,557.94

-

6,557.94

572.03

61.64

(48.25)

7,020.08

2,534.29

-

2,534.29

634.99

31.38

(46.92) 3,090.98

3,929.10

Furniture & fittings

1,327.28

-

1,327.28

108.43

5.10

(11.30)

1,419.31

516.50

-

516.50

131.38

3.62

(9.87)

634.39

784.92

Office equipment

37.87

-

37.87

5.21

0.35

-

42.73

10.78

-

10.78

7.10

0.17

-

17.71

25.02

Vehicles

567.21

-

567.21

30.44

7.76

(9.84)

580.05

185.71

-

185.71

88.66

2.27

(9.42)

262.68

317.37

Vehicles under operating

lease

20.27

-

20.27

-

-

-

20.27

14.09

-

14.09

3.53

-

-

17.62

2.65

Vehicles under finance Lease

126.99

(126.99)

-

-

-

-

-

66.43

(66.43)

-

-

-

-

-

-

Boats

40.82

-

40.82

-

0.17

-

40.65

10.96

-

10.96

1.97

0.05

-

12.88

27.77

Aircrafts

319.29

-

319.29

20.27

5.85

-

333.71

96.20

-

96.20

25.35

3.55

-

118.00

215.71

Total

26,333.87

(768.87)25,565.00

1,142.81

223.02

(43.39) 26,441.40

4,633.03

(85.83) 4,547.20 1,220.84

47.63

(101.66) 5,618.75

20,822.65

(ii) Right-of-use assets

` Million

Gross carrying amount

Accumulated depreciation

Carrying

value as at

March 31,

2020

As at

April 1,

2019

Reclassified

on adoption

of Ind AS 116

(Refer note

45)

Adjusted

balance as

at April 1,

2019

Additions

during the

year

Less: Sales/

Adjustments

during the

year

Translation

adjustment

Balance

as at

March 31,

2020

As at

April 1,

2019

Reclassified

on adoption

of Ind AS 116

(Refer note

45)

Adjusted

balance as

at April 1,

2019

For the

year

Less: Sales /

Adjustments

Translation

adjustment

Balance

as at

March

31, 2020

Land

-

4,535.95 4,535.95

-

-

(35.37) 4,500.58

-

19.40

19.40 146.74

-

(0.55) 165.59 4,334.99

Building

-

0.88

0.88

1.19

-

-

2.07

-

-

-

0.64

-

-

0.64

1.43

Vehicles

-

126.99

126.99

14.42

21.12

(1.37)

118.92

-

66.43

66.43

29.45

20.32

(1.12)

74.44

44.48

Total

-

4,663.82 4,663.82

15.61

21.12

(36.74) 4,621.57

-

85.83

85.83 176.83

20.32

(1.67) 240.67 4,380.90:

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer

Mr. Arjun Singh Oberoi -: Managing

Letter of Offer dated September 21, 2020 offered 53,794,768 shares by way of rights issue

at a face value of ` 2 each and at a price of `65 per equity share (including a premium of ` 63 per equity share). The

issue opened on September 29, 2020 and closed on October 13, 2020 with a subscription of 1.60 times the issue size.

Subsequently, the Parent Company allotted 53,794,768 shares on October 20, 2020, on the basis of allotment approved by

the Rights Issue Committee of the Board of Directors of the Parent Company aggregating to ` 3,496.66 Million including

securities premium of ` 3,389.07 Million. Issue expenses incurred in connection with the rights issue, amounting to

` 32.02 Million have been charged to securities premium.

Pursuant to the allotment of equity shares on rights basis, basic and diluted earnings per share have been adjusted

retrospectively for the bonus element in respect of rights issue in accordance with Ind AS 33.

Proceeds from the rights issue have been utilised towards the objects stated in the: Letter of Offer in the following

manner:

Particulars

` Million

Repayments of borrowings

2,800.00

General corporate purposes

664.64

Issue expenses

32.02

Total

3,496.66

51 During the year, the Parent Company recognised an impairment loss in respect of certain property, plant and equipment

amounting to ` 24.93 Million (Previous year – ` Nil) on account of continuing losses in respect of, The Oberoi Motor

Vessel Vrinda, a luxury cruiser in the backwaters of Kerala. The same has been charged in the Statement of Profit and

Loss, which has been disclosed under “Exceptional items” (Refer note 38).

The recoverable amount of the aforementioned luxury cruiser was determined by the Parent Company’s management

based on a value-in-use calculation of the recoverable amount which uses cash flow projections and a discount rate

of 11.47 % per annum. The recoverable amount has been calculated as per the provisions of Ind AS 36, Impairment of

Assets. Cash flow projections are based on the expected future occupancy, average room rate, expected payroll and

other costs.

52 INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES

(a) Subsidiaries

The Group’s subsidiaries at March 31, 2021 are set out below. Unless otherwise stated, they have share capital consisting

solely of equity shares that are held directly by the Group, and the proportion of ownership interests held equals the

voting rights held by the Group. The country of incorporation or registration is also their principal place of business.

Name of entity

Place of

business/

country of

incorporation

Ownership interest

held by the group

Ownership interest

held by non-controlling interests

Principal

activities

March 31, 2021

March 31, 2020

March 31, 2021

March 31, 2020

Mashobra Resort Limited

India

78.79

78.79

21.21

21.21

Hotel

Ownership

Mumtaz Hotels Limited

India

60

60

40

40

Hotel

Ownership

Oberoi Kerala Hotels and

Resorts Limited

India

80

80

20

20

Hotel

Ownership

EIH International Ltd

British Virgin

Islands

100

100

0

0

Investment

EIH Flight Services Ltd

Mauritius

100

100

0

0

Flight Catering

EIH Holdings Ltd

British Virgin

Islands

100

100

0

0

Hotel

investment and

management

PT Widja Putra Karya

Indonesia

70

70

30

30

Hotel

ownership

PT Waka Oberoi Indonesia

Indonesia

96.33

96.33

3.67

3.67

Hotel

ownership

EIH Investment N.V. *

Netherlands

Antilles

NA

100

NA

0

Investment and

management

EIH Management Services

B.V. **

Netherlands

NA

NA

NA

NA

Hotel

management

and investment

PT Astina Graha Ubud

Indonesia

60

60

40

40

Hotel

development

*EIH Investment N.V. has been liquidated during the year 2020-21.

**EIH Management Services B.V. had been liquidated during the year 2019-20

letter confirming financial support if required, for the foreseeable future. As such,

the financial statements of EIHFSL have been prepared on a going concern basis.

58 IMPACT OF COVID-19 ON BUSINESS OPERATIONS

The World Health Organisation declared the COVID-19 outbreak as a pandemic on March 11, 2020, leading to series

of measures by countries across the world to contain the spread of the virus. A nationwide lockdown was imposed

across India on March 24, 2020, whereby hotel operations were mandated to remain non-operational for different

periods across various states in the country. Similar restrictions were imposed by other countries across the globe.

This had a severe impact on business at the Company’s and its subsidiaries’ hotels and other operations across the

globe for the year ended March 31, 2021. The lockdown was lifted in a phased manner across various states in the

country, post which hotels and restaurants were allowed to resume operations from June 8, 2020 in phases. Hotels

of the Company’s subsidiaries in Indonesia and Joint Venture in Mauritius are yet to resume operations. The Oberoi

Marrakech, a hotel of the Company’s associate La Roseraie De La’Atlas commenced operations from the last week of

October, 2020. Hotels under management contracts internationally at Dubai and Egypt were operational for substantial

part of the year as and when the respective lockdowns were lifted in these countries. Domestic airlines in India were

allowed to commence operations from May 25, 2020 and several ‘Air Bubble’ flights were allowed to operate between

India and other specified countries effective July 18, 2020.

During the lockdown, business at the Company’s and its subsidiaries’ hotels was mainly limited to stranded guests and

accommodation requirements of guests rendering essential services allowed under government orders. Post lifting

of the lockdown, business at hotels and restaurants gradually started picking up, especially at leisure locations. With

respect to business in the financial year ending March 31, 2022 revenues could be impacted due to further travel

restrictions, if any, resulting from a surge of COVID-19 cases that could influence travel decisions of guests or guests

postponing discretionary spending,. The Company’s flight kitchens catered to various airlines operating repatriation

flights, crew and cargo flights and continue to cater to domestic flights and to international ‘Air Bubble’ flights since

July, 2020. The printing press of the Company received special permission from the Government to operate amidst the

lockdown from May 1, 2020 for servicing essential services like banks, pharmaceuticals and food.

Notwithstanding the impact of the crisis on the Company’s and its subsidiaries’ business, Management based on its

assessment does not foresee stress on liquidity, as it either has access to sufficient sanctioned borrowing facilities for

working capital requirements or has sufficient liquid funds available as on the Balance Sheet date. The Company has

access to borrowing facilities worth ` 5,100.00 Million, of which ` 4,929.68 Million was unutilised as on March 31,

2021. Further, the Company has raised ` 3,496.66 Million by way of a Rights issue (for details, refer note 50).

The Management has also assessed the potential impact of COVID-19 in preparing the consolidated financial statements

including but not limited to its assessment of liquidity and going concern assumptions, the carrying value of property,

plant and equipment, right of use assets, capital work-in-progress, goodwill on consolidation and other intangible

assets, investment property, investments, trade receivables, inventories, and other current and non-current assets of

the Company and its subsidiaries as on March 31, 2021. Based on current indicators of future economic conditions, the

Company and its subsidiaries expect to recover the carrying amounts as on March 31, 2021 of these assets. The impact

of COVID-19 on the business may be different from that estimated on the date of approval of these consolidated financial

statements. The Management will continue to closely monitor any material changes to future economic conditions.

59 The consolidated financial statements were approved for issue by the Board of Directors on May 7, 2021.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Sudipto Sarkar

Arjun Singh Oberoi

Chairman - Audit Committee: Managing

