letter No. MHRIL/SE/21-22/43 dated July 29, 2021

This is in reference to our: letter No. MHRIL/SE/21-22/43 dated July 29, 2021 intimating that

the 25th Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of the Company will be held on Wednesday,

September 1, 2021 at 9.00 a.m. (IST) through Video Conferencing/ Other Audio Visual Means.

Pursuant to Regulations 30 and 34 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith the

Annual Report of the Company and Notice calling the 25th AGM for the Financial Year 2020-

21. The brief details of the agenda items proposed to be transacted at the 25th AGM are given

in Annexure A to this letter.

The Notice of 25th AGM and Annual Report for the Financial Year 2020-21 are also available

on the website of the Company www.clubmahindra.com. These documents are being

dispatched only through electronic mode to those Members whose e-mail addresses are

registered with the Company/ Depositories/ KFin Technologies Private Limited (Company’s

Registrar and Share Transfer Agent).

Kindly take the same on record.

Thanking you,

Yours faithfully,

For Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited

Dhanraj Mulki

General Counsel & Company Secretary

Encl: a/a

DHANRAJ

NARSAPPA

MULKI

Digitally signed by DHANRAJ NARSAPPA

MULKI

DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=1193,

pseudonym=4827c2d2f260d0475c429c536

07582d2b310a5bb3979113626bd03ddc04a

390e, postalCode=400104, st=Maharashtra,

serialNumber=1ac55b96ed3ba12ee51acf3f

4b328ac114b6888ba4995bbafd72a2952aca

7dbd, cn=DHANRAJ NARSAPPA MULKI

Date: 2021.08.06 20:22:15 +05'30'

letter of allotment shall be issued

to the allottees of the Bonus Equity Shares and Share certificate(s)

in respect of the Bonus Equity Shares shall be issued and

dispatched to the allottees thereof within the period prescribed

or that may be prescribed in this behalf, from time to time, or

for members who hold shares in dematerialized form, the Bonus

Equity Shares shall be credited to the respective beneficiary

accounts of the members with their respective Depository

Participant(s), as the case may be.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the allotment of Bonus Equity

Shares to the extent that they relate to Non-Resident Members,

Foreign Institutional Investors (FlIs) and other Foreign Investors of

the Company, shall be subject to the approval, if any, of the RBI or

such other authority, as may be necessary or applicable.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT no fractions arising out of the issue

and allotment of Bonus Equity Shares shall be allotted by the

Company and the Company shall not issue any certificate or

coupon in respect thereof but all such fractional entitlements

shall be consolidated and the Bonus Equity Shares, in lieu thereof,

shall be allotted by the Board to the Nominees appointed by the

Board, who shall hold the same as Trustees for the Members

entitled thereto and sell the said Equity Shares so arising at the

then prevailing market rate and distribute net sale proceeds

thereof, after adjusting therefrom the cost and expenses in

respect of such sale, for distribution to Members in proportion to

their fractional entitlement.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to

the above resolutions, the Board be and is hereby authorized to

do all such acts, deeds, matters and things and execute all such

documents, instruments and writings as may be required and as it

may in its sole and absolute discretion deem necessary, expedient:

letter to the Scrutinizer at e-mail ID

kjr@mdassociates.co.in with a copy marked to evoting@kfintech.

com and to the Company at investors@mahindraholidays.com,

authorising its representative(s) to attend through VC/ OAVM and

vote on their behalf at the AGM, pursuant to Section 113 of the

Act. Members of the Company under the category of Institutional

Shareholders are encouraged to attend and participate in the

AGM through VC/OAVM and vote thereat.

E.

The Company’s Registrar and Share Transfer Agent for its Share

Registry Work (Physical and Electronic) is KFin Technologies

Private Limited (“KFintech”) having its office premises at Selenium,

Tower B, Plot 31-32, Gachibowli, Financial District, Nanakramguda,

Hyderabad - 500 032.

F.

Pursuant to the provisions of Sections 124 and 125 of the Act

read with Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority

(Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016 (“IEPF Rules”),

dividend, if not claimed for a consecutive period of 7 years from

the date of transfer to Unpaid Dividend Account of the Company,

is liable to be transferred to IEPF Authority. Further, according to

the IEPF Rules, the shares in respect of which dividend has not

been paid or claimed by the Shareholders for a period of seven

consecutive years are also liable to be transferred to the demat

account of the IEPF Authority.

Last date of claiming unclaimed and unpaid dividend declared by

the Company for the Financial Years 2013-14, 2014-15, 2015-16,

2016-17 and 2017-18 to IEPF are as under:

Financial

Year

ended

Date of

declaration of

dividend

Last date for claiming

unpaid / unclaimed

dividend

March 31, 2014

August 27, 2014

September 26, 2021

March 31, 2015

July 28, 2015

August 27, 2022

March 31, 2016

July 29, 2016

August 28, 2023

March 31, 2017

August 2, 2017

September 1, 2024

March 31, 2018

August 2, 2018

September 1, 2025:

letter providing the e-mail address, mobile number,:

Letter etc., authorizing its representative to

attend the AGM through VC / OAVM on its behalf and

to cast its vote through remote e-voting, together with

attested specimen signature(s) of the duly authorised

representative(s), to the Scrutinizer at e-mail ID kjr@

mdassociates.co.in with a copy marked to evoting@

kfintech.com and to the Company at investors@

mahindraholidays.com. The scanned image of the

above-mentioned documents should be in the naming

format “Corporate Name_EVEN” It should reach the

Scrutinizer and the Company by e-mail not later than

Tuesday, August 31, 2021 (5:00 PM IST). In case if the

authorized representative attends the AGM, the above

mentioned documents shall be mailed before the

commencement of AGM.

(B) Members whose e-mail IDs are not registered with the

Company/Depository Participant(s), and consequently the

Annual Report, Notice of AGM and e-voting instructions

cannot be serviced, will have to follow the following process:

i.

In aforesaid cases, Members may temporarily get their

e-mail address and mobile number registered with

KFintech, by accessing the link: https://ris.kfintech.com/

clientservices/mobilereg/mobileemailreg.aspx:

letter providing

the e-mail address, mobile number, self-attested PAN

copy and Client Master copy in case of electronic folio

and copy of share certificate in case of physical folio

for sending the Annual report, Notice of AGM and the

e-voting instructions.

`

iii. After receiving the e-voting instructions, please follow

all the steps specified above to cast your vote by

electronic means.

Details on Step 3 are mentioned below:

III) Instructions for all the Shareholders for attending the AGM

of the Company through VC/OAVM and e-voting during the

AGM.

i.

Members will be provided with a facility to attend the AGM

through VC / OAVM platform provided by KFintech. Members

may access the same at https://emeetings.kfintech.com/ by

using the e-voting login credentials provided in the e-mail

received from the Company/KFintech. After logging in,

click on the Video Conference tab and select the EVEN of

the Company. Click on the video symbol and accept the

meeting etiquettes to join the meeting. Please note that

the Members who do not have the User ID and Password

for e-voting or have forgotten the User ID and Password

may retrieve the same by following the remote e-voting

instructions mentioned above.

ii.

Members can join the AGM in the VC/OAVM mode 15

minutes before the scheduled time of the commencement

of AGM by following the procedure mentioned above and

this mode will be available throughout the proceedings of

the AGM.

iii.

Members may join the AGM through Laptops, Smartphones,

Tablets or iPads for better experience. Further, Members

will be required to use Internet with a good speed to avoid

any disturbance during the AGM. Members will need the

latest version of Google Chrome (preferred browser), Safari,

Internet Explorer, Microsoft Edge, Mozilla Firefox 22. Please

note that participants connecting from Mobile Devices or

Tablets or through Laptops connecting via mobile hotspot

may experience Audio/Video loss due to fluctuation in their

respective network. It is therefore recommended to use

stable Wi-Fi or LAN connection to mitigate any glitches.

Members are encouraged to join the AGM through Laptops

with latest version of Google Chrome for better experience.

Further, Members will be required to grant access to the

webcam to enable VC / OAVM.

iv.

As the AGM is being conducted through VC / OAVM, for the

smooth conduct of proceedings of the AGM, Members are

encouraged to express their views / send their queries in

advance mentioning their name, demat account number /

folio number, e-mail ID and mobile number at investors@

mahindraholidays.com. Questions /queries received by the

Company till Monday, August 30, 2021 (9:00 AM IST) shall

only be considered and responded.

v.

The Members who have not cast their vote through remote

e-voting shall be eligible to cast their vote through e-voting

system available during the AGM when window for e-voting

is activated upon instructions of the Chairman. E-voting

during the AGM is integrated with the VC / OAVM platform.

The Members may click on the voting icon displayed on the

screen to cast their votes. The procedure for e-voting during

the AGM is same as the instructions mentioned above for

remote e-voting since the AGM is being held through VC/

OAVM.

vi.

A Member can opt for only single mode of voting i.e.,

through remote e-voting or e-voting during the AGM.

vii. Members who have voted through remote e-voting shall

be eligible to attend the AGM, however, they shall not be

allowed to cast their vote again during the AGM.

viii. Facility of joining the AGM through VC / OAVM shall be

available for 1000 Members on first come first served basis.

However, the participation of Promoters, Institutional

Investors, Members holding 2% or more of the shareholding,

Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, the Chairpersons

of the Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration

Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee,

Auditors, etc. is not restricted on first come first serve basis.

OTHER INSTRUCTIONS

I.

Speaker Registration:

Members of the Company, holding shares as on the cut-off

date i.e. Wednesday, August 25, 2021 and who would like

to speak or express their views or ask questions during the

AGM may register themselves as speakers by visiting https://

emeetings.kfintech.com/ and click on “Speaker Registration”

during the period from Friday, August 27, 2021 (9:00 AM

IST) upto Monday, August 30, 2021 (5:00 PM IST). Those

Members who have registered themselves as a speaker will

only be allowed to speak/express their views/ask questions

during the AGM. The Company reserves the right to restrict

the number of speakers depending on the availability of

time at the AGM. Due to limitations of transmission and

coordination during the AGM, the Company may have to

dispense with or curtail the speaker session.

II.

Submission of questions / queries prior to the AGM:

Members desiring any additional information with regards

to Accounts/ Annual Reports or has any question or query

are requested to write to the Company Secretary on the:

letter of appointment of Mr. Diwakar Gupta setting out

the terms and conditions of appointment are available for inspection

by the Members through electronic mode, basis the request being sent

on investors@mahindraholidays.com.

Information to be provided under Regulation 36 of the SEBI Listing

Regulations and Secretarial Standard 2 issued by the Institute of

Company Secretaries of India, pertaining to the appointment of

Mr. Diwakar Gupta as an Independent Director is mentioned in the

Corporate Governance Report in the Annual Report 2020-21 and is

also annexed to this Notice.

Mr. Diwakar Gupta will be entitled to sitting fees for attending meetings

of the Board and Committee(s) thereof and reimbursement of out-of-

pocket expenses incurred by him in connection thereto. In addition, he

would be entitled to commission out of profits, if any, of the Company

as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company and within

the limits already approved by the Members of the Company.

Your Directors recommend the Resolution at Item no. 4 as an Ordinary

Resolution for approval of the Members.

Save and except Mr. Diwakar Gupta and his relatives to the extent

of their shareholding interest, if any, in the Company, none of the

other Directors, Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) of the Company and

their relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially

or otherwise, in the resolution set out at Item No. 4 of the Notice.

Mr. Diwakar Gupta is not related to any other Director / KMP of the

Company.

Item No. 5:

The Board of Directors of the Company, pursuant to the

recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee,

has appointed Mr. Ruzbeh Irani (DIN: 01831944) as an Additional

Director in the capacity of Non-Executive Non-Independent Director

of the Company with effect from January 26, 2021 pursuant to the

provisions of Section 161 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and

the Articles of Association of the Company. Mr. Ruzbeh Irani shall hold

office upto the date of forthcoming Annual General Meeting and is

eligible to be appointed as Non-Executive Non-Independent Director,

liable to retire by rotation.

The Company has received a notice in writing from a Member under

Section 160 of the Act proposing the candidature of Mr. Ruzbeh Irani

for the office of Director of the Company. Mr. Ruzbeh Irani is not

disqualified from being appointed as a Director in terms of Section

164 of the Act and has given his consent to act as a Director of the

Company. Further, Mr. Ruzbeh Irani is not debarred from holding the

office of Director pursuant to any Order issued by SEBI or any other

authority.

Information to be provided under Regulation 36 of the Securities

and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) and

Secretarial Standard 2 issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries

of India, pertaining to the appointment of Mr. Ruzbeh Irani as a Non-

Executive Non-Independent Director is mentioned in the Corporate

Governance Report in the Annual Report 2020-21 and is also annexed

to this Notice.

The remuneration, if any, to Mr. Ruzbeh Irani shall be governed by

the Remuneration Policy of the Company. The Board of Directors are

of the opinion that the vast knowledge and experience of Mr. Ruzbeh

Irani will be of great value to the Company.

Your Directors recommend the Resolution at Item no. 5 as an Ordinary

Resolution for approval of the Members.

Save and except Mr. Ruzbeh Irani and his relatives to the extent of

their shareholding interest, if any, in the Company, none of the other

Directors, Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) of the Company and

their relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially or

otherwise, in the Resolution set out at Item No. 5 of the Notice. Mr.

Ruzbeh Irani is not related to any other Director / KMP of the Company.

Item Nos. 6 and 7:

The Equity Shares of your Company are listed and actively traded

on the National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) and BSE

Limited (BSE). With a view to reward the existing Shareholders of the

Company, encourage participation of retail investors by increasing:

Managing Director and

Chief Financial Officer of State Bank of India, where he was responsible

for setting strategies and direction alongside other members of the

Bank’s Central Management Committee. His other senior positions

in the Bank include Deputy: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Chief Financial Officer

Akhila Balachandar (upto May 31, 2021)

Sujit Vaidya (appointed w.e.f. June 1, 2021)

General Counsel & Company

Secretary

Dhanraj Mulki

Registered Office

Mahindra Towers, 2nd Floor, No. 17/18,

Patullos Road, Chennai – 600 002,

Tamil Nadu, India

T: +91 44 3504 1000 F: +91 44 3504 7778

E: investors@mahindraholidays.com

W: www.clubmahindra.com

CIN: L55101TN1996PLC036595

Corporate Office

Mahindra Towers, 1st Floor, ‘A’ Wing,

Dr. G.M. Bhosle Marg, P.K. Kurne Chowk,

Worli, Mumbai – 400 018, Maharashtra, India

T: +91 22 3368 4722 F: +91 22 3368 4721

Statutory Auditors

BSR & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants

14th Floor, Central B Wing and North C Wing,

Nesco IT Park 4, Nesco Centre,

Western Express Highway,

Goregaon (E), Mumbai – 400 063

Secretarial Auditor

M Siroya and Company

Company Secretaries

A-103, Samved Building (Madhukunj),

Near Ekta Bhoomi Gardens,

Rajendra Nagar, Borivali (E),

Mumbai – 400 066

Committees of Board of Directors

Audit Committee

Sridar Iyengar

Rohit Khattar

Sanjeev Aga

Diwakar Gupta

Ruzbeh Irani

Nomination and Remuneration

Committee

Rohit Khattar

Arun Nanda

Sridar Iyengar

Anish Shah

Risk Management Committee

Sanjeev Aga

Sridar Iyengar

Diwakar Gupta

Kavinder Singh

Corporate Social Responsibility

Committee

Sangeeta Talwar

Arun Nanda

Kavinder Singh

Stakeholders Relationship

Committee

Arun Nanda

Sangeeta Talwar

Kavinder Singh

Inventory Approval Committee

Arun Nanda

Rohit Khattar

Kavinder Singh

Securities Allotment

Committee

Arun Nanda

Kavinder Singh

Registrar and Transfer Agent

KFin Technologies Private Limited

(formerly Karvy Fintech Private Limited)

Selenium Building, Tower B, Plot 31-32,

Gachibowli, Financial District,

Nanakramguda, Hyderabad – 500 032

T: +91 40 6716 1500;

F: +91 40 3321 1000

Toll free No: 18003094001;

E: einward.ris@kfintech.com

Chennai Office:

F-11, First Floor, Akshaya Plaza, 1

08 Adithanar Salai,

Egmore, Chennai – 600 002

T: +91 44 2858 7781

Bankers

HDFC Bank Limited

State Bank of India

YES Bank Limited:

Dear Shareholders,

As India is coming out of the pandemic after going through

arguably the most difficult period that I have seen in my

lifetime, I am reminded of what Gandhiji had said “It is my

faith, based on experience, that if one’s heart is pure, calamity

brings in its train, people and measures to fight it”.

Your Company did indeed bring in both the People and the

Measures to fight the pandemic. The results at the end of the year

exemplify the efforts made right through the year. Recognising

the heightened concerns of travellers, the Company was quick

to partner with Bureau Veritas to implement the highest levels

of safety and hygiene at its Resorts. This gave our members

and guests the confidence to holiday at the Resorts and your

Company achieved Resort occupancy of 85% in the fourth

quarter of F21. Despite constraints on face-to-face interaction,

the sales team added 12,000+ new members. The Company

also achieved the highest ever inventory addition of 465

rooms, including a 152-room greenfield resort in Assonora,

Goa.

The tourism and hospitality industries have been among the

worst affected by the global pandemic. Your Company too

had to weather a turbulent year in India as well as overseas.

Despite these unprecedented challenges, your Company’s

performance stood out amongst its peers. This is a testament

to your Company’s unique and resilient business model and

the excellent work done by the Management of your Company.

The Company achieved on a standalone basis Profit before

Tax of ` 169.46 crores (as compared to the previous year of

` 123.95 crores), this is in spite of significant drop in the Resort

income due to the lockdown. This was possible due to cost

rationalization initiatives undertaken by the Management, the

annuity streams as a part of its business model, and the income

recognition coming from its deferred revenue pool of ` 5,081

crores reflecting strong future revenue visibility, which is

largely contributed by the fully paid Club Mahindra members.

In addition, your Company has a strong Balance Sheet with

zero debt and a large cash pool of ` 940 crores.

During the year, the operations of the Company’s subsidiary,

Holiday Club Resorts Oy (HCR), Finland, were severely affected

due to very stringent restrictions on travel imposed by the

Finnish, Swedish and Spanish Governments, the three countries

in which it operates. As you are aware, fixed and employee

costs, in these countries are very high, but the Management

of HCR was able to contain the losses through significant cost

management actions across all areas.

The Finland operations which were severely affected last

year are showing clear signs of revival, and HCR is witnessing

a higher demand for rooms and an increase in room rates.

Domestic tourism in continental Europe should grow

significantly this year and the company should benefit from

the same. Further, HCR is expected to open a new 190 room

resort in Vierumäki, one of the most sought-after destinations

for sporting holidays close to Helsinki, in July 2021.

As your Company moves towards its Silver Jubilee in

September’21, I am reasonably optimistic about the future. My

optimism stems from the fact that post pandemic, we are going

to see a significant increase in domestic tourism, particularly

families travelling together and looking for larger spaces in

family-friendly Resorts, preferably within driving distance of

their homes. Your Company’s Resorts meet all these criteria.

The “Club Mahindra Safe Stay Program” with thirty-six of

our Resorts certified as “Platinum” by Bureau Veritas and the

“Travel with Confidence” initiatives, have further added to our

member's assurance in choosing to stay with us.

In addition to the strong financial Balance Sheet, I consider the

Company’s membership ‘Balance Sheet’ to be equally valuable

and resilient. The Company offers unique holiday experiences.

The Management team has worked assiduously to engender

trust from its members. Over the coming months, we expect

travel restrictions will ease as our country’s vaccination program

gathers momentum. This will not only bring additional resort

revenues but also growth in membership. The Management

has a strong pipeline for resort additions, which will help in

meeting this additional demand.

All these factors together with the unique business model and

a strong balance sheet will augur well for the future of the

Company.

I would like to compliment the Management and thank all

employees for their untiring efforts and complete dedication

with which they handled the unprecedented crisis. I also want

to congratulate the Company for being included in the “Top

50 Best Companies to work for” by The Great Place to Work

(GPTW) Institute, India and for being chosen as the “Best place

to work in Hospitality” in India.

To you, my: dear Shareholders, a big Thank You for your trust,

confidence and patience in supporting the Management. On

a personal note, my request to you is to please continue to

maintain safety protocols and I pray that your families and you

continue to stay safe and healthy.

With my best wishes,

Arun Nanda

Dear Shareholders,

Your Directors are pleased to present their Twenty Fifth

Report together with the Audited Financial Statements of your

Company for the year ended March 31, 2021.

1.

Operations and Financial Overview

The financial year 2020-21 started amidst strict lock down in

India with severe restrictions on travel and economic activity

to contain the health emergency posed by the Covid-19. As

a result, your Company had to progressively scale down the

operations at resorts, marketing events for lead generation

and physical meetings with prospects. Your Company has

proactively prepared for measures to ensure the safety and

well-being of its employees and members at the resorts. The

resort standard operating procedures (SOPs) were revised

keeping in mind post-Covid norms of screening of employees

and members, implementing social distancing and maintaining

high levels of sanitization and hygiene standards. Innovative

new concepts and avenues for member engagement were

designed to provide experiential and safe holidays to the

members. Your Company partnered with Bureau Veritas, a

global leader in testing, inspection and certification of ‘Covid

Safe’ protocols, which certified 36 of its resorts as ‘Platinum’ —

its highest rating standard.

Once the Government of India issued guidelines on June 8,

2020, the process of unlock started, various travel restrictions

were eased off and the path to recovery in travel and tourism

industry kicked off. Since then, the operations at the resorts

started resuming and your Company has seen improvements in

bookings, occupancies and member additions. Your Company

has also observed changes in holidaying preferences, greater

interest and preference for domestic destinations, preference

to travel to drivable distances and heightened expectations in

terms of safety and hygiene protocols.

Despite being the most challenging year, your Company

registered a creditable performance given the subdued

macroeconomic environment and relatively poor consumer

sentiment towards discretionary spending and the trend was

evident in the last two quarters of the year under review. Your

Company has taken significant cost saving measures across

the organisation such as increasing share of referrals and

digital which led to reduction in sales and marketing expenses,

waivers on long term leases, reduction in energy and other

overheads. The Cash position has further improved during

the year under review primarily due to better management of

receivables and various cost reduction actions undertaken by

your Company. The creditable performance of your Company

brings out the resilience of its business model and at the same

time highlights its ability to move swiftly in tough conditions. It

also underscores the trust and confidence its members repose

in the Mahindra brand, which is a crucial differentiator and

contributes immensely to your Company’s performance in

these uncertain times.

During the year under review, your Company added 12,031

new members to its vacation ownership business. Addition in

the members is a result of continued success of Company’s

pull-based digital and referral leads as well as reaching out to

prospects by way of engagement through more innovative

technological platforms, alliances and corporate partnerships.

In these difficult times, your Company focused on the quality

aspect in customer acquisition and the virtual sales tool has

also been developed by the Company for digitally connecting

with the prospects/members. During the year under review,

your Company has been reinventing its marketing strategy

around digital formats and platforms as media consumption

has shifted towards mobile devices.

During the year under review, your Company added 9 resorts

and 465 room units, which includes launching of a 152-

room flagship greenfield property at Assonora, Goa. The total

inventory stands at 4,197 room units across its 79 resorts as

of March 31, 2021. Along with its Finnish subsidiary Holiday

Club Resorts Oy’s (HCR) 33 resorts, your Company is offering

the Club Mahindra members an access to over 110+ resorts in

India, Asia, Europe and USA.

Your Company’s total income (including other income) was

` 90,876.39 lakhs in 2020-21 compared to ` 1,03,711.78 lakhs

in 2019-20. Profit Before Tax (PBT) grew to ` 16,946.49 lakhs

in 2020-21 from ` 12,394.74 lakhs in 2019-20. Profit After Tax

(PAT) grew to ` 12,576.49 lakhs in 2020-21 from ` 9,151.49 lakhs

in 2019-20 (This is before one-time re-measurement impact of

` 19,972.94 lakhs on account of change in Corporate tax rate).

Diluted earnings per share (EPS - prior to one-time Corporate

tax impact) for 2020-21 stood at ` 9.46 compared to ` 6.90

in 2019-20. Diluted earnings per share (EPS – post one-time

Corporate tax impact) for 2020-21 stood at ` 9.46 compared to

(` 8.14) in 2019-20.

Further, your Company’s Consolidated total income (including

other income) was ` 1,84,726.37 lakhs in 2020-21 compared

to ` 2,43,114.56 lakhs in 2019-20. Consolidated PBT was

` 247.44 lakhs in 2020-21 compared to ` 10,132.62 lakhs in

2019-20. Consolidated Loss After Tax was ` 1,400.44 lakhs in

2020-21 compared to Consolidated PAT of ` 6,546.69 lakhs in

2019-20 (This is before one-time re-measurement impact of

` 19,972.94 lakhs on account of change in Corporate tax rate).

Consolidated Diluted EPS (prior to one-time Corporate tax

impact) for 2020-21 stood at (` 0.98) compared to ` 5.10 in

2019-20. Consolidated Diluted EPS (post one-time Corporate

tax impact) for 2020-21 stood at (` 0.98) compared to (` 9.94)

in 2019-20.:

Managing Director

(ED).

Based on the recommendation of the NRC, the Board of

Directors at their meeting held on May 9, 2020 have appointed

Dr. Anish Shah as an Additional Director in the category of

Non-Executive Non-Independent Director of the Company,

liable to retire by rotation. The Shareholders of the Company

at their 24th AGM held on August 31, 2020, approved the

appointment of Dr. Anish Shah as a Non-Executive Non-

Independent Director of the Company.

Further, Shareholders of the Company at their 24th AGM

held on August 31, 2020, have approved the appointment of:

Managing Director

& CEO, Mrs. Akhila Balachandar, Chief Financial Officer and

Mr. Dhanraj Mulki, General Counsel & Company Secretary,

were the KMPs as per the provisions of the Act.

The Board at its meeting held on May 25, 2021 accepted the

resignation of Mrs. Akhila Balachandar as the Chief Financial

Officer of the Company with effect from May 31, 2021.

Consequently, Mrs. Akhila Balachandar ceased to be the KMP

of the Company from the close of business hours on May 31,

2021. The Board placed on record its sincere appreciation for

the valuable contributions made by Mrs. Akhila Balachandar

during her association with the Company.

The Board at its meeting held on May 25, 2021, on the

recommendation of the Audit Committee and NRC, approved

the appointment of Mr. Sujit Vaidya as the Chief Financial

Officer of the Company and designated him as the KMP of the

Company with effect from June 1, 2021.

20. Statement regarding opinion of the Board

with regard to integrity, expertise and

experience (including the proficiency)

of the Independent Directors appointed

during the year

During the year under review, Mr. Diwakar Gupta has been

appointed as an Independent Director of the Company with

effect from December 1, 2020, subject to the approval of

Shareholders. The Board is satisfied with the integrity, expertise

and experience (including the proficiency) of Mr. Diwakar

Gupta who has been appointed as an Independent Director of

the Company with effect from December 1, 2020.

Regarding the experience which includes proficiency test,

Mr. Diwakar Gupta is exempted from undertaking the

proficiency test in accordance with Rule 6(4) of the Companies

(Appointment and Qualifications of Directors) Rules, 2014.

21. Policy on Directors’ appointment and

remuneration

The salient features of the following policies of the Company

are attached herewith and marked as Annexure IV:

1.

Policy on Appointment of Directors and Senior

Management

2.

Policy on Remuneration of Directors and:

Managing Director & CEO of the Company does not receive

remuneration or commission from any of its subsidiaries and

draws remuneration only from the Company.

22. Board Evaluation

The Board has conducted an annual evaluation of its own

performance, individual Directors, Committees of the Board

and that of its Non-Executive Chairman, in terms of the

relevant provisions of the Act, Rules made thereunder and

SEBI Listing Regulations. The manner in which the evaluation

was conducted by the Company has been explained in the

Corporate Governance Report, which forms a part of this

Annual Report.

23. Number of Board Meetings

During the year under review, the Board of Directors met 6

(six) times. The details of the Board Meetings and attendance

of Directors are provided in the Corporate Governance Report,

which forms a part of this Annual Report.

24. Composition of Audit Committee

The Audit Committee consists of Mr. Sridar Iyengar as its

Chairman and Mr. Sanjeev Aga, Mr. Rohit Khattar, Mr. Diwakar

Gupta and Mr. Ruzbeh Irani, as its other members. Further

details are provided in the Corporate Governance Report,

which forms a part of this Annual Report.

25. Directors’ Responsibility Statement

Pursuant to Section 134(3)(c) of the Act, your Directors state

that:

a)

in the preparation of the annual accounts for the year

ended March 31, 2021, the applicable Accounting

Standards had been followed and there is no material

departure;

b)

they have selected such accounting policies and applied

them consistently and made judgements and estimates

that are reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and

fair view of the state of affairs of the Company as at

March 31, 2021 and of the profit of the Company for the

year ended on that date;

c)

they have taken proper and sufficient care for the

maintenance

of

adequate

accounting

records

in accordance with the provisions of the Act for

safeguarding the assets of the Company and for

preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities;

d)

the annual accounts have been prepared on a going

concern basis;

e)

the directors have laid down internal financial controls

to be followed by the Company and that such internal

financial controls are adequate and were operating

effectively; and

f)

the directors have devised proper systems to ensure

compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws

and that such systems were adequate and operating

effectively.

26. Internal Financial Controls and their

Adequacy

Your Company has an adequate internal controls system,

commensurate with the size and nature of its business. The

system is supported by documented policies, guidelines and

procedures to monitor business and operational performance

which are aimed at ensuring business integrity and promoting

operational efficiency. Further details are provided in the

Management Discussion and Analysis Report, which forms a

part of this Annual Report.

During the year under review, the Statutory Auditors and

Secretarial Auditor have not reported any instances of frauds

committed in the Company by its Officers or Employees to the

Audit Committee under Section 143(12) of the Act, details of

which needs to be mentioned in this Report.

27. Consolidated Financial Statements

The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company and its

subsidiaries, associate and joint venture companies prepared in

accordance with the Act and applicable Accounting Standards

form part of this Annual Report.

For the purpose of preparation of the Consolidated Audited

Financial Statements of the Company for the financial year

ended March 31, 2021 as per Ind AS, the latest audited financial

results of all the subsidiaries, one associate company and one

Joint Venture company pertaining to HCR were considered

and consolidation was done as per the provisions of Section

129 of the Act.

28. Risk Management

Your Company has a well-defined risk management

framework to identify and evaluate elements of business risk.

The Board of Directors have constituted the Risk Management

Committee pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 21 of

the SEBI Listing Regulations and its prime responsibility is to

oversee the implementation of the Risk Management Policy

of the Company. The Audit Committee has an oversight in

the area of financial risk and controls. Other details including

details pertaining to various risks faced by your Company and

also development and implementation of risk management:

Managing Director & CEO

2

2

# Appointed as a Member of CSR Committee w.e.f. August 1, 2020 and Chairperson w.e.f. May 1, 2021

^ Ceased to be a Chairman of CSR Committee w.e.f. May 1, 2021

* Ceased to be a Member of CSR Committee w.e.f. August 1, 2020

3.

Provide the web-link where Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by the board are

disclosed on the website of the company.

https://www.clubmahindra.com/corporate-governance/investor-information

4.

Provide the details of Impact assessment of CSR projects carried out in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of Rule 8 of the

Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, if applicable (attach the report).

Not Applicable

5.

Details of the amount available for set-off in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of Rule 7 of the Companies (Corporate Social

Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 and amount required for set off for the financial year, if any

Sl.

No.

Financial Year

Amount available for set-off from

preceding financial years (in `)

Amount required to be set-off for

the financial year, if any (in `)

1

2020-21

Nil

Nil

TOTAL

Nil

Nil

6.

Average net profit of the Company as per Section 135(5): ` 14,806.92 lakhs

7.

(a)

Two percent of average net profit of the Company as per Section 135(5): ` 296 lakhs

(b)

Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years: NA

(c)

Amount required to be set off for the financial year, if any: NA

(d)

Total CSR obligation for the financial year (7a+7b-7c): ` 296 lakhs

8.

(a)

CSR amount spent or unspent for the financial year:

Total Amount Spent

for the Financial Year

(` in lakhs)

Amount Unspent (in `)

Total Amount transferred to

Unspent CSR Account as per

Section 135(6)

Amount transferred to any fund specified under

Schedule VII as per second proviso to Section

135(5)

Amount

Date of

transfer

Name of the

Fund

Amount

Date of

transfer

301.45

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL

NIL:

Managing Director & CEO

Chairperson - CSR Committee

DIN: 06994031

DIN: 00062478

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 25, 2021:

Managing Director & CEO based on the business

need and the suitability of the candidate.

During the year, no changes were made to the Policy.

B.

SALIENT FEATURES OF POLICY FOR REMUNERATION

OF THE DIRECTORS

1.

Remuneration

to

Non-Executive

including

Independent Directors:

•

NRC shall decide the basis for determining

the

compensation

to

Non-Executive

Directors,

whether

as

commission

or

otherwise and submit its recommendations

to the Board. The Board shall determine the

compensation payable to Non-Executive

Directors within the overall limits specified in

the Shareholders resolution.

•

In addition to the above, the Directors are

entitled to sitting fees for attending Board

/ Committee meetings, reimbursement of

expenses incurred in discharge of their duties

and stock options (other than Independent

Directors).

•

The

Non-Executive

Non-Independent

Directors who receive remuneration from

the holding company or any other group

company are not paid any sitting fees or any

remuneration.

2.

Remuneration to: Managing Director & Chief

Executive Officer (MD & CEO) and Executive

Directors:

•

The remuneration to MD & CEO is

recommended by NRC to the Board. While

considering remuneration to MD & CEO,

NRC considers industry benchmarks, merit

and seniority of the person and ensures

that the remuneration proposed to be paid

is commensurate with the remuneration

packages paid to similar senior level

counterpart(s) in other companies.

•

The remuneration consists of both fixed

compensation and variable compensation

and

is

paid

as

salary,

commission,

performance bonus, stock options (where

applicable), perquisites and fringe benefits

as per the policy of Company, as approved

by the Board and within the overall limit

specified by Shareholders.

•

While the fixed compensation is determined

at the time of appointment, the variable

compensation is determined annually by the

NRC based on the performance.

During the year, no changes were made to the

Policy.

C.

SALIENT FEATURES OF POLICY FOR REMUNERATION

OF KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL AND EMPLOYEES

•

All employees, irrespective of contract, are to be

remunerated fairly and the remuneration is to be

externally competitive and internally equitable.

The remuneration is paid in accordance with the

laid down Statutes.

•

Remuneration for on-roll employees will include a

fixed component payable monthly and a variable

component, based on performance, on annual

basis.

•

Variable component will be a function of individual

performance as well as business performance.

•

Business performance is evaluated using a Balanced

Score Card (BSC) while individual performance is

evaluated on Key Result Areas (KRA).

•

Both BSC and KRA are evaluated at the end of the

fiscal to arrive at the BSC rating of the business and

Performance rating of the individual.

•

An annual compensation survey is carried out

to ensure that the Company’s compensation

is externally competitive and is around 60th

percentile.

•

Based on the findings of the survey and the

business performance, the CEO along with

the CHRO and CFO decides the increment for

different performance ratings as well as grades,

the increment for promotions, the total maximum

increment

and

the

maximum

increase

in

compensation cost in % and absolute.

During the year, no changes were made to the Policy.

For and on behalf of the Board

Arun Nanda

Place: Mumbai

letter of even date which

is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this

report.:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of

the management of the Company. Our responsibility is

to express an opinion on these secretarial records based

on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as

were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records.

The verification was done on test basis to ensure that

correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We

believe that the processes and practices, we followed

provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness

of financial records and Books of Accounts of the

Company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management’s

representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the Corporate and other applicable

laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of

the management. Our examination was limited to the

verification of the procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to

the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy

or effectiveness with which the management has

conducted the affairs of the Company.

7.

In view of the ongoing restrictions/advisories issued

by the Government of India/Maharashtra to contain

the spread of Covid-19 pandemic on the movement of

people, we have relied on electronic data for verification

of the Company books, papers, minute books, forms

and returns filed and other records maintained by the

Company.

For M Siroya and Company

Company Secretaries

Mukesh Siroya

Proprietor

FCS No.: 5682

Date: May 3, 2021

CP No.: 4157

Place: Mumbai

UDIN: F005682C000233228:

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) of the Company. Dr. Anish Shah

and Mr. Ruzbeh Irani are the Non-Executive Non-Independent

Directors of the Company. Mr. Rohit Khattar, Mr. Sridar Iyengar,

Mr. Sanjeev Aga, Mrs. Sangeeta Talwar and Mr. Diwakar Gupta

are the Independent Directors on the Board of the Company.

The Independent Directors are from diverse fields and bring

to the Company a wide range of experience, knowledge

and judgement as they draw on their varied proficiencies in

finance, hospitality, vacation ownership, telecom, financial:

Managing Director and Chief Executive

Officer of Mahindra and Mahindra Limited, holding company

of the Company. He is also a member of the Mahindra Group’s

supervisory board called ‘Group Executive Board’.

Mr. Ruzbeh Irani, Non-Executive Non-Independent Director

of the Company, is serving as the President - Group Human

Resources & Communications of Mahindra & Mahindra Limited,

holding company of the Company. He is also responsible for

Corporate Social Responsibility and Corporate Services of

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited and serves as a member of the

Mahindra Group’s supervisory board called ‘Group Executive

Board’.

Apart from receiving remuneration from Mahindra & Mahindra

Limited, holding company of the Company by Dr. Anish Shah

and Mr. Ruzbeh Irani, and apart from the reimbursement

of expenses incurred in discharge of their duties and the

remuneration that the Non-Executive Directors and the: Managing Director & CEO would be entitled to under the Act,

none of the Directors have any other pecuniary relationship

with the Company, its holding company, subsidiaries or

associate companies or their Promoters, Directors, which

in their judgement would affect their independence. The

Senior Management Personnel of the Company have made

disclosures to the Board confirming that there are no material,

financial and/or commercial transactions between them and

the Company which could have any potential conflict of

interest with the Company at large.

In the opinion of the Board and based on the disclosures

received, the Independent Directors fulfill the conditions

specified in the SEBI Listing Regulations and are independent

of the management.

Board & General Meetings and Attendance

The Board met 6 (six) times during the financial year 2020-

21, on: May 9, 2020, May 19, 2020, July 31, 2020, October 29,

2020, January 25, 2021 and February 24 & 25, 2021. The gap

between two meetings did not exceed 120 (one hundred and

twenty) days. The Twenty Fourth AGM of the Company was

held on August 31, 2020 through Video Conferencing / Other

Audio Visual Means in compliance with the circulars issued

by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) and the SEBI. The

Managing Director and

Group Chief Financial Officer

(: Managing

Managing Director & CEO of the Company has long term experience in FMCG sector, start up and building businesses and

leading transformational corporate strategy initiatives. All Directors are familiar with the Company’s business, policies, culture

(including the Mission, Vision and Values) and industry in which the Company operates.:

Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer of State Bank of India, where he

was responsible for setting strategies and direction alongside other members of the Bank’s Central Management Committee. His

other senior positions in the Bank include Deputy: Managing

Managing Director & CEO regarding compliance with the

requirements of various Statutes, Regulations and Rules as

may be applicable to the business of the Company.

Meetings of Independent Directors

The Company’s Independent Directors meet at least once

every year without the presence of Executive Director or

management personnel. Such meetings are conducted

informally to enable the Independent Directors to discuss

matters pertaining to the Company’s affairs and put forth

their views. Further, the Independent Directors also review the

performance of the Non-Independent Directors, Chairman

(after taking into account the views of the Executive and

Non-Executive Directors) and the Board as a whole, assess

the quality, quantity and timeliness of flow of information

between the Company management and the Board that is

necessary for the Board to effectively and reasonably perform

their duties. During the year under review, 4 (four) meetings of

the Independent Directors were held on May 8, 2020, July 31,

2020, October 29, 2020 and January 25, 2021 and the same

were attended by all the Independent Directors.

Familiarisation Programme for Independent

Directors

Regulation 25(7) of the SEBI Listing Regulations requires the

Company to familiarise its Independent Directors through

various programmes about the Company, including the nature

of industry in which the Company operates, business model of

the Company, roles, rights and responsibilities of Independent

Directors and any other relevant information.

In terms of the above, the Board members are provided with

necessary documents/brochures, reports and internal policies

to enable them to familiarise with the Company’s procedures

and practices.

The details of familiarisation programme imparted to the

Independent Directors is posted on the website of the

Company and can be accessed at: https://www.clubmahindra.

com/corporate-governance/investor-information

Board and Director Evaluation and Criteria

for Evaluation

The Board carried out an Annual Evaluation of its own

performance and the performance of individual Directors, as

well as evaluation of Committees of the Board.

The NRC has defined the evaluation criteria and procedure

for the Performance Evaluation process for the Board,

its

Committees

and

Directors

including

Independent

Directors. The criteria for Board Evaluation include inter-alia,

composition and structure, effectiveness of board processes,

information and functioning of the Board etc. The criteria for

evaluation of the Committees of the Board include mandate

of the Committee and composition and effectiveness of

the Committee, etc. The criteria for evaluation of individual

Directors include aspects such as professional qualifications,

prior experience, integrity, independence and contribution of

the individual director to the board and committee meetings

like preparedness on the issues to be discussed, meaningful

and constructive contribution and inputs in meetings, etc. In

addition, the performance of the Chairman is also evaluated

on key aspects of his role, including effectiveness of leadership

and ability to steer meetings, impartiality, ability to keep

Shareholders’ interests in mind and effectiveness as Chairman.

The above criteria are based on the Guidance Note on Board

Evaluation issued by the SEBI on January 5, 2017.:

Managing Director &

CEO, the Chief Financial Officer, the Statutory Auditors

and the Internal Auditors. The Board accepted all

recommendations made by the Audit Committee.

Nomination and Remuneration Committee

(NRC)

The broad terms of reference of the NRC are to recommend

to the Board about the Company’s policy on appointment and

remuneration package for Directors, Key Managerial Personnel

and Senior Management and to advise the Board in framing

the remuneration policy of the Company from time to time,

to formulate the criteria for evaluation of performance of

Independent Directors and the Board of Directors, to give

directions for administration of the ESOP schemes and to

attend to any other responsibility as may be entrusted by the

Board within the terms of reference.

As on March 31, 2021, the NRC comprised of 4 (four) Directors:

Mr. Rohit Khattar (Chairman of the Committee), Mr. Arun

Nanda, Mr. Sridar Iyengar and Dr. Anish Shah. Mr. Cyrus

Guzder was Chairman of the NRC till July 31, 2020 and he

ceased to be a member of NRC with effect from August 1, 2020

upon completion of his term as an Independent Director of

the Company as approved by the Shareholders. The NRC at

its meeting held on July 31, 2020 elected Mr. Rohit Khattar,

Independent Director, as the Chairman of the NRC with effect

from August 1, 2020. Further, the Board at its meeting held on

July 31, 2020 had appointed Dr. Anish Shah, Non-Executive

Non-Independent Director, as a member of the NRC with

effect from August 1, 2020.

Terms of Reference of the NRC, inter alia, includes the

following:

•

To identify persons who are qualified to become

Directors and who may be appointed in senior

management in accordance with the criteria laid down

and to recommend to the Board their appointment and/

or removal;

•

To formulate the criteria for determining qualifications,

positive attributes and independence of a Director

and recommend to the Board a policy, relating to

the remuneration for the Directors, Key Managerial

Personnel and other employees;

•

To formulate the criteria for evaluation of Independent

Directors and the Board;

•

To review whether to extend or continue the term of

appointment of the independent director, on the basis

of the report of performance evaluation of independent

directors;

•

To devise a policy on Board diversity;:

Managing Director & CEO.

During the year under review, the Non-Executive Directors were paid a commission of ` 129 lakhs (as provided in the accounts

of the year ended March 31, 2020).

A commission of ` 174 lakhs is payable to the Non-Executive Directors and is provided in the accounts for the year under review

and to be distributed amongst themselves as shown in the table below.

Detailed information of Directors’ remuneration paid/payable during the year 2020-21 is given below:

(` in lakhs)

Name of the Director

Category of Director

Sitting Fees

(Note 1)

Commission#

Salary,

Performance

pay and

Perquisites

Superannuation

and Provident

Fund

(Note 2)

Total

Mr. Arun Nanda

Non-Executive Chairman

8.40

79.70

-

-

88.10

Mr. Cyrus Guzder*

Independent

5.10

11.30

-

-

16.40

Mr. Rohit Khattar

Independent

9.30

20.50

-

-

29.80

Mr. Sridar Iyengar

Independent

9.60

22.00

-

-

31.60

Mr. Sanjeev Aga

Independent

7.80

19.00

-

-

26.80

Mrs. Sangeeta Talwar

Independent

6.30

15.50

-

-

21.80

Mr. Diwakar Gupta#

Independent

2.30

6.00

-

-

8.30

Mr. V S Parthasarathy^

Non-Executive Non-

Independent

-

-

-

-

-

Dr. Anish Shah$

Non-Executive Non-

Independent

-

-

-

-

-

Mr. Ruzbeh Irani@

Non-Executive Non-

Independent

-

-

-

-

-

Mr. Kavinder Singh

MD & CEO

-

-

450.03

25.25

475.28

TOTAL

48.80

174.00

450.03

25.25

698.08

^ The Commission for the financial year ended March 31, 2021 will be paid to

the Non-Executive Directors, subject to deduction of tax, after adoption of

financial statements by the Members at the ensuing AGM.

* Ceased to be an Independent Director w.e.f. August 1, 2020

# Appointed as an Independent Director w.e.f. December 1, 2020

^ Ceased to be a Non-Executive Non-Independent Director w.e.f. January 25,

2021

$ Appointed as a Non-Executive Non-Independent Director w.e.f. May 9, 2020

@ Appointed as a Non-Executive Non-Independent Director w.e.f. January 26,

2021

Notes:

1. Non-Executive Directors and Independent Directors are paid sitting fees for

attending meetings of the Board / Committees of the Board of Directors of

the Company. The sitting fee has been fixed at ` 1,00,000/- for attending

meetings of the Board and for all other Committee Meetings the same has

been fixed at ` 30,000/-.

2. Aggregate of the Company’s contribution to Superannuation Fund and

Provident Fund.

3. Salary to Mr. Kavinder Singh

(` in lakhs)

Particulars

Kavinder Singh

Salary and Allowances

316.29

Perquisites

14.09

Performance Pay

144.90

4. The Company has not advanced loans to any Director during the year.

5. The nature of employment of the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO is attached at the end of this report.

Disclosure of Accounting Treatment

The standalone and consolidated financial statements for the

financial year 2020-21 have been prepared in accordance with

applicable Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) issued by the

Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and the provisions

of the Act and the Rules framed thereunder.

CEO and CFO Certification

Certificate issued by Mr. Kavinder Singh,: Managing

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer of

the Company for a period of five years with effect

from November 3, 2019 to November 2, 2024.

2020

August 31, 2020

11.00 AM

Mahindra

Towers,

2nd

Floor, No. 17/18, Patullos

Road, Chennai – 600 002

(Deemed Venue)

i.

Approval and adoption of Mahindra Holidays &

Resorts India Limited Employees Stock Option

Scheme, 2020 and issue of securities.

ii.

Approval for the extension of benefits of Mahindra

Holidays & Resorts India Limited Employees

Stock Option Scheme, 2020 to the employees of

holding or subsidiary company(ies).

No Special Resolution has been passed in the last year through Postal Ballot.

During the year under review, no Extra-ordinary General Meeting was held. No Special Resolution is proposed to be passed

through Postal Ballot.

General Shareholder Information: Twenty Fifth AGM – Financial Year 2020-21

Day / Date: Wednesday, September 1, 2021

Time: 09:00 A.M. (IST)

Venue: Since the AGM is held through Video Conferencing / Other Audio Visual Means, Registered Office of the Company will

be the deemed venue for the AGM.

Financial Year

The financial year covers the period from April 1 to March 31:

Managing Director & CEO of Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited declare that all the Members of the

Board of Directors and Senior Management Personnel have affirmed compliance with the Code of Conduct for the year ended

March 31, 2021.

Kavinder Singh

Place: Mumbai: Managing

letter dated 13 October 2017 and

addendum to the engagement: letter dated 16 October

2018 and 10 March 2021.

2.

We have examined the compliance of conditions of

Corporate Governance by Mahindra Holidays & Resorts

India Limited (“the Company”), for the year ended 31

March 2021, as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27, clauses

(b) to (i) of regulation 46(2) and paragraphs C, D and E

of Schedule V of the Securities and Exchange Board of

India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 as amended from time to time (“Listing

Regulations”) pursuant to the Listing Agreement of the

Company with the National Stock Exchange of India

Limited and BSE Limited (collectively referred to as the

‘Stock Exchanges’).

Management’s Responsibility

3.

The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance

as stipulated under the Listing Regulations is the

responsibility of the Company’s Management including

the preparation and maintenance of all the relevant

records and documents. This responsibility includes the

design, implementation and maintenance of internal

control and procedures to ensure the compliance with

the conditions of Corporate Governance stipulated in

the Listing Regulations.

Auditors’ Responsibility

4.

Our examination was limited to procedures and

implementation thereof, adopted by the Company

for ensuring the compliance of the conditions of the

Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an

expression of opinion on the financial statements of the

Company.

5.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Listing Regulations,

it is our responsibility to provide a reasonable assurance

whether the Company has complied with the conditions

of Corporate Governance as stipulated in Listing

Regulations for the year ended 31 March 2021.

6.

We conducted our examination of the above corporate

governance compliance by the Company in accordance

with the Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for

Special Purposes (Revised 2016) and Guidance Note

on Certification of Corporate Governance, both issued

by the Institute of the Chartered Accountants of India

(the “ICAI”), in so far as applicable for the purpose of this

certificate. The Guidance Note requires that we comply

with the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics

issued by the ICAI.

7.

We have complied with the relevant applicable

requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC)

1, Quality Control for Firms that Perform Audits and

Reviews of Historical Financial Information and Other

Assurance and Related Services Engagements.

Opinion

8.

In our opinion and to the best of our information and

according to the explanations given to us, we certify

that the Company has complied with the conditions

of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the above-

mentioned Listing Regulations.

9.

We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as

to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency

or effectiveness with which the management has

conducted the affairs of the Company.

Restriction on use

10.

The certificate is addressed and provided to the Members

of the Company solely for the purpose of enabling the

Company to comply with the requirement of the Listing

Regulations and should not be used by any other person

or for any other purpose. Accordingly, we do not accept

or assume any liability or any duty of care for any other

purpose or to any other person to whom this certificate

is shown or into whose hands it may come without our

prior consent in writing.

For B S R & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants

ICAI Firm Registration No: 101248W/W-100022

Koosai Lehery

Partner

Mumbai

Membership No: 112399

25 May 2021

UDIN: 21112399AAAABM7993

Independent Auditors’ Certificate on Compliance with the Corporate Governance

requirements under SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015

Managing Director & CEO

b.

Details of the BR head

No.

Particulars

Details

1

DIN Number (if applicable)

Not Applicable

2

Name

Mrs. Priyanka Gidwani

3

Designation

Chief Human Resources

Officer

4

Telephone number

+91 22 3368 4722

5

Email ID

Priyanka.Gidwani@

mahindraholidays.com

2.

Principle-wise (as per NVGs) BR Policy/policies (Reply

in Y/N)

The

Business

Responsibility

Policy

(“BR

Policy”)

addressing the following 9 principles as per the National

Voluntary Guidelines on Social, Environmental &

Economic Responsibilities of Business (NVGs) released

by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, duly approved by

the Board of Directors of the Company has been adopted

by the Company. The BR Policy is operationalised

and supported by various other policies, guidelines &

manuals.

NVG Principle

P1

Businesses

should

conduct

and

govern

themselves with Ethics, Transparency and

Accountability.

P2

Businesses should provide goods and services

that are safe and contribute to sustainability

throughout their life cycle.

P3

Business should promote the well-being of all

employees.

P4

Businesses should respect the interests of and be

responsive towards all stakeholders, especially

those who are disadvantaged, vulnerable and

marginalised.

P5

Business should respect and promote Human

Rights.

P6

Business should respect, protect and make

efforts to restore the environment.

P7

Businesses

when

engaged

in

influencing

public and regulatory policy, should do so in a

responsible manner.

P8

Businesses should support inclusive growth and

equitable development.

P9

Businesses should engage with and provide

value to their customers and consumers in a

responsible manner.:

Managing Director & CEO of the Company, who

is on the Board and also a member of the CSR

Committee, assesses the BR performance every

quarter.

(2)

Does the Company publish a BR or a Sustainability

Report? What is the hyperlink for viewing this

report? How frequently it is published?

The Company has been publishing the BR Reports

on an annual basis since financial year 2016-

17 and the same are available on the website of

the

Company

at

https://www.clubmahindra.

com/. While no standalone sustainability report

is published by the Company, Mahindra Group

Sustainability Report (of which the Company is also

a part of) as per the GRI framework is published

annually.

SECTION E: PRINCIPLE-WISE PERFORMANCE

Principle 1 Businesses should conduct and govern

themselves with Ethics, Transparency and Accountability

1.

Does the policy relating to ethics, bribery and corruption

cover only the company? Yes/No. Does it extend to the

Group/Joint Ventures/ Suppliers/Contractors/NGOs /

Others?

The Company has defined a Code of Conduct for

Directors as well as all employees of the Company that

covers issues, inter alia, related to ethics, bribery and

corruption. It also covers all dealings with suppliers,

customers, business partners and other stakeholders.

The Code of Conduct for Senior Management and

Employees forms an integral part of the induction of

new employees.

2.

How many stakeholder complaints have been received

in the past financial year and what percentage was

satisfactorily resolved by the management? If so, provide

details thereof, in about 50 words or so.

The Company has different mechanisms for receiving

and dealing with complaints from various stakeholders

like Investors, Customers, Employees, Suppliers, etc.:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN: 00010029

DIN: 06994031

Koosai Lehery

Akhila Balachandar

Dhanraj Mulki

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership Number: 112399

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 3, 2021

Date: May 3, 2021

STANDALONE BALANCE SHEET AS AT MARCH 31, 2021

Particulars

Note

No.

As At

March 31, 2021

As At

March 31, 2020

ASSETS

Non-current assets

Property, Plant and Equipment

4

201,572.43

183,451.81

Right of Use Asset

5

15,412.03

17,426.53

Capital work-in-progress

11,182.29

23,606.27

Other intangible assets

6

588.31

394.95

Intangible assets under development

941.90

725.21

Financial Assets

Investments

Investments in subsidiaries

7

9,532.75

9,532.75

Other Investments

7

702.09

388.96

Trade receivables

8

29,008.39

49,438.05

Loans

9

4,383.80

4,415.41

Other financial assets

10

8,733.04

9,089.73

Deferred Tax Assets (Net)

11

42,872.74

47,237.69

Other non-current tax assets (Net)

12

18,656.37

18,227.70

Deferred Acquisition Cost

13

65,379.84

66,516.39

Other non-current assets

14

3,271.31

3,286.19

412,237.29

433,737.64

Current assets

Inventories

15

453.75

472.29

Financial Assets

Investments

16

5,942.51

39,294.82

Trade receivables

17

91,470.80

118,750.18

Cash and cash equivalents

18

1,962.78

1,463.48

Other bank balances

19

32,318.59

19,168.12

Loans

20

5,083.78

4,478.67

Other financial assets

21

52,626.20

14,400.57

Deferred Acquisition Cost

22

5,001.16

4,831.47

Other current assets

23

4,623.23

5,334.38

199,482.80

208,193.98

611,720.09

641,931.62

EQuITY AND LIABILITIES

Equity

Equity share capital

24

13,292.38

13,292.38

Other equity

25

Reserves & Surplus

83,688.45

70,983.97

Revaluation Reserve

76,925.70

73,759.44

Other Comprehensive Income

(162.92)

(147.89)

Transition Difference

(140,272.59)

(140,272.59)

20,178.64

4,322.93

33,471.02

17,615.31

LIABILITIES

Non-current liabilities

Financial Liabilities

Borrowings- Lease liabilities

26

11,779.15

13,545.23

Other financial liabilities

27

787.16

547.68

Provisions

28

795.46

694.07

Deferred Tax Liabilities

11

19,235.44

22,401.70

Other non-current liabilities

Contract Liability-Deferred Revenue

29

454,752.79

499,640.79

487,350.00

536,829.47

Current liabilities

Financial Liabilities

Trade payables

30

Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises; and

154.23

124.92

Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small

enterprises

19,342.32

17,669.57

Lease Liabilities

31

4,690.28

5,180.94

Other financial liabilities

32

10,161.19

9,276.46

Provisions

33

697.61

606.90

Other current liabilities

Contract Liability-Deferred Revenue

34

53,373.85

52,232.87

Others

35

2,479.59

2,395.18

90,899.07

87,486.84

611,720.09

641,931.62:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN: 00010029

DIN: 06994031

Koosai Lehery

Akhila Balachandar

Dhanraj Mulki

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership Number: 112399

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 3, 2021

Date: May 3, 2021:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN: 00010029

DIN: 06994031

Koosai Lehery

Akhila Balachandar

Dhanraj Mulki

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership Number: 112399

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 3, 2021

Date: May 3, 2021:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN: 00010029

DIN: 06994031

Koosai Lehery

Akhila Balachandar

Dhanraj Mulki

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership Number: 112399

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 3, 2021

Date: May 3, 2021:

Director's Sitting Fees

48.80

39.70

Commission to non whole time directors

174.00

129.00

Fellow Subsidiaries/Associates

Investment in Inter Corporate Deposits

Mahindra Rural Housing Finance Ltd.

14,000.00

6,500.00

Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Ltd.

19,500.00

1,590.00

Redemption of Inter Corporate Deposits Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Ltd.

1,590.00

-

Other entities under the control of the

company

Other: Received

Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Ltd.

Employees' Stock Option Trust

48.02

-

Balances as at:

Holding company

Outstanding: Payable

Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd.

443.38

335.98

Outstanding: Receivable

Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd.

12.00

3.67

Subsidiary companies

Investments

Mahindra Hotels & Residences India Ltd.

5.00

5.00

Heritage Bird (M) Sdn Bhd.

40.27

40.27

Gables Promoters Pvt. Ltd.

6,543.78

6,543.78

Infinity Hospitality Group Company Ltd.

2,681.11

2,681.11

MH Boutique Hospitality Ltd.

95.38

95.38

Arabian Dreams Hotel Apartment L.L.C

52.11

52.11

MHR Holdings (Mauritius) Ltd.

115.11

115.11

Loans and Advances including interest

accrued

Mahindra Hotels & Residences India Ltd.

-

7.40

Inter Corporate Deposits including

interest accrued

Gables Promoters Pvt. Ltd.

3,800.12

2,864.43

MH Boutique Hospitality Ltd.

1,001.54

965.80

Mahindra Hotels & Residences India Ltd.

16.19

6.80

MHR Holdings (Mauritius) Ltd.

283.97

269.51

Arabian Dreams Hotel Apartment L.L.C

-

459.07

Heritage Bird (M) Sdn Bhd.

720.15

707.21

Note No. 51 - Related party transactions (Contd.):

Managing Director & CEO

DIN: 00010029

DIN: 06994031

Koosai Lehery

Akhila Balachandar

Dhanraj Mulki

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership Number: 112399

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 3, 2021

Date: May 3, 2021:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN: 00010029

DIN: 06994031

Koosai Lehery

Akhila Balachandar

Dhanraj Mulki

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership Number: 112399

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date : May 3, 2021

Date : May 3, 2021:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN: 00010029

DIN: 06994031

Koosai Lehery

Akhila Balachandar

Dhanraj Mulki

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership Number: 112399

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date : May 3, 2021

Date : May 3, 2021:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN: 00010029

DIN: 06994031

Koosai Lehery

Akhila Balachandar

Dhanraj Mulki

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership Number: 112399

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date : May 3, 2021

Date : May 3, 2021:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN: 00010029

DIN: 06994031

Koosai Lehery

Akhila Balachandar

Dhanraj Mulki

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership Number: 112399

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date : May 3, 2021

Date : May 3, 2021:

Director's Sitting Fees

48.80

39.70

Commission to non whole time directors

174.00

129.00

Investment in Inter Corporate

Deposits

Fellow Subsidiaries / Associate

Mahindra Rural Housing Finance Ltd.

14,000.00

6,500.00

Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Ltd.

19,500.00

1,590.00

redemption of Inter Corporate

Deposits

Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Ltd.

1,590.00

-:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN: 00010029

DIN: 06994031

Koosai Lehery

Akhila Balachandar

Dhanraj Mulki

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership Number: 112399

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date : May 3, 2021

Date : May 3, 2021:

Managing Director & CEO

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

DIN: 00010029

DIN: 06994031

Place: Mumbai

Date : May 03, 2021:

