letter to the

Scrutiniser at e-mail ID sbhagwatcs@yahoo.co.in with

a copy marked to evoting@kfintech.com and to the

Company at investors@mahindra.com, authorising

its representative(s) to attend and vote through VC/

OAVM on their behalf at the Meeting, pursuant to

section 113 of the Act.

5.

Members of the Company under the category of

Institutional Shareholders are encouraged to attend

and participate in the AGM through VC/OAVM and

vote thereat.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Letter

etc.,

duly

authorising

their

authorized representative(s) to attend

the AGM through VC/OAVM on its

behalf and to vote through remote

e-voting to the Scrutiniser at his e-mail

ID sbhagwatcs@yahoo.co.in with a copy

marked to evoting@kfintech.com and to

the Company at investors@mahindra.com.

It should reach the Scrutiniser & the

Company by email not later than

Thursday, 5th August, 2021 (5:00 p.m. IST).

In case if the authorized representative

attends

the

Meeting,

the

above

mentioned documents shall be submitted

before the commencement of AGM.

b.

In case e-mail ID of a Member is not registered

with the Company/ Depository Participant(s),

then such Member is requested to register/

update their e-mail addresses with the

Depository Participant (in case of Shares held

in dematerialised form) and inform KFin at

the email ID evoting@kfintech.com (in case

of Shares held in physical form):

(i)

Upon registration, Member will receive

an e-mail from KFin which includes

details

of

E-Voting

Event

Number

(EVEN), USER ID and password.

(ii) Please follow all steps from Note

No. 24 (B) (a) (i) to (xii) above to cast

your vote by electronic means.

25. OTHER INSTRUCTIONS:

a.

In case of any query and/or grievance, in respect

of voting by electronic means, Members may

refer to the Help & Frequently Asked Questions

(FAQs) and E-voting user manual available at the

download Section of https://evoting.kfintech.com

or

contact

at

investors@mahindra.com,

or

Ms. Sheetal Doba, Manager - Corporate Registry,

KFin at KFintech, Selenium, Tower B, Plot No. 31-

32, Gachibowli, Financial District, Nanakramguda,

Hyderabad, Telangana – 500 032 or at the

email ID evoting@kfintech.com or on phone

No.: 040-6716 1509 or call KFin’s toll free

No.: 1800-3094-001 for any further clarifications.

b.

You can also update your mobile number and

e-mail ID in the user profile details of the

folio which may be used for sending future

communication(s).

c.

The remote e-voting period commences on

Monday, 2nd August, 2021 (9:00 a.m. IST) and

ends on Thursday, 5th August, 2021 (5:00 p.m. IST).

During this period, Members of the Company,

holding shares either in physical form or in

dematerialised form, as on the cut-off date Friday,

30th July, 2021 may cast their votes electronically.

The remote e-voting module shall be disabled for

voting thereafter. Once the vote on a resolution(s)

is cast by the Member, the Member shall not be

allowed to change it subsequently.

A person who is not a Member as on the cut-off

date should treat this Notice for information

purposes only.

d.

The voting rights of Members shall be in proportion

to their share in the paid-up equity share capital

of the Company as on Friday, 30th July, 2021 being

the cut-off date. Members are eligible to cast vote

only if they are holding shares as on that date.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter

providing the email address, mobile number,

self-attested copy of the PAN card and copy

of the Share Certificate for registering their

email address and receiving the AGM Notice

and the e-voting instructions.

II.

To facilitate Members to receive this Notice

electronically and cast their vote electronically,

the Company has made special arrangements

with KFin for registration of email addresses

of the Members in terms of the MCA Circulars.

Eligible Members who have not submitted

their email address to the Company or KFin

are required to provide their email address

to KFin, on or before 5:00 p.m. (IST) on

30th July, 2021.

The process for registration of email address with

KFin for receiving the Notice of AGM and login ID

and password for e-voting is as under:

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director of LIC from

1st November, 2013. From December, 2010 to November,

2013, he served as: Managing Director & Chief Executive

Officer, LIC Housing Finance Limited (LIC HFL), a premiere

housing finance company in the country. As MD & CEO of

LIC HFL, he stabilized the operations under most challenging

circumstances of negative media glare, intense scrutiny by

Regulator & others and turned it around to be the best

Housing Finance Company in 2011.

He has been an inspirational leader who utilizes negotiation

skills gained over thirty seven years of extensive experience in

insurance and financial sectors and strongly connects to the

grass root levels, believes in bottom-up approach and has the

ability to see the Big Picture and translate it to reality. He is

known as Growth Leader, leading the Organisation to surge

ahead and turnaround on its growth path in all the segments

of performance.

Directorships and Committee positions:

Mr. Sharma is Non-Executive Non-Independent Director of

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited, Director of Tata Steel Limited

and Ambuja Cement Foundation, Independent Director of

Reliance Power Limited and NURECA Limited, Additional

Independent Director of Vidarbha Industries Power Limited

and

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Tech

Mahindra Limited - a USD 5.2 billion digital transformation,

consulting and business re-engineering services and solutions

provider with 124,250+ professionals across 90 countries,

helping 988 global customers including Fortune 500

companies.

An accomplished business leader with extensive experience

in international business development, start-ups and

turnarounds, joint ventures, mergers and acquisitions,

Mr. CP Gurnani played a pivotal role in Tech Mahindra’s

transformation journey, and one of the biggest turnarounds

of Indian Corporate History - the acquisition and merger of

Satyam.

Living by the credo, ‘don’t work hard, work smart’,

Mr. CP Gurnani brings an inimitable leadership style combined

with a laser-sharp focus on customer experience, which has

helped Tech Mahindra emerge as one of the leading global

digital transformation providers.

He strongly believes that one just cannot ride the growth

path with resources that are out of sync with market

dynamics. One of his many noticeable achievements in the

past year has been an ambitious, company-wide initiative

aimed at retraining Tech Mahindra employees to ensure

they have the skills and knowledge to remain competitive

and survive the age of digital transformation.

In a career spanning 40+ years, Mr. CP Gurnani has held

several leading positions with Hewlett Packard Limited, Perot

Systems (India) Limited and HCL Corporation Limited. Mr. CP

Gurnani has also served as a Chairman of NASSCOM for the year

2016-2017.

He is an ardent supporter of Individual Social Responsibility,

and often prods people to invest their time towards

betterment of humanity and society, at large. He is on the

Board of Tech Mahindra Foundation that was launched in

2007 to help the underprivileged children. He also founded

‘Titliyan’, an NGO that spearheads spreading quality

education and developing life and social skills of more than

240 underprivileged children.

A chemical engineering graduate from the National Institute

of Technology, Rourkela, he is a distinguished and active

alumnus of the Institute. Mr. CP Gurnani has also been

felicitated with an honorary Doctorate degree by Veer

Surendra Sai University of Technology and Sharda University.

Mr. CP Gurnani has also been featured in a Harvard Case

Study on ‘Tech Mahindra and the Acquisition of Satyam

Computers’.

He is the recipient of many prestigious awards including

'Inspiring CEO 2021' recognition by The Economic Times,

Technology Icon of India 2020 recognition by VARINDIA

Brandbook, Business Today ‘Best CEO’ Awards 2019 (IT &

ITES category), ‘Corporate Leader of the Year’ Award -

14th (I-ACE) Awards 2018, Gold Winner in the ‘CEO of the

Year’ for his organization’s wide reskilling initiative, Asia

One Global Indian of the Year - Technology’ in 2016, Listed

among the top 100 global CEOs as part of The Wall Street

Journal CEO Council 2016, ‘Best CEO of the Year’ at the

Forbes India Leadership Awards in 2015, Business Standard

‘CEO of the Year’ in 2014, CNBC Asia’s India Business Leader

of the Year in 2014, Dataquest ‘IT person of the Year’ in

2013 and The Ernst and Young ‘Entrepreneur of the Year'

in 2013.

Directorships and Committee positions:

He is on the Board of Mahindra & Mahindra Limited. His

passion for education is resonated in the various honorary

positions he holds - He is on the board of Mahindra

Educational Institutions (MEI) & a member of the Board of

Management of Mahindra University, a private university

promoted by MEI to educate future citizens for and of a

better world. He is also the Chairman of IIM Nagpur and the

Founding Trustee of Plaksha University.

Mr. Gurnani is also on the Boards of Pininfarina S.p.A and

T-Hub Foundation.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter and spirit by the Independent Directors;

(iv) The valuable Industrial experience brought to the

Board by the new Independent Directors:

• Ms. Nisaba Godrej, Chairperson and Managing

Director of Godrej Consumer Products Limited

(GCPL) has been a key architect of GCPL’s strategy

and transformation in the last decade;

• Mr. Muthiah Murugappan, heads the Nutraceuticals

Business of Murugappa Group flagship - EID Parry

India Limited and has been working over a decade

with startups and Micro VC funds (as an angel

investor/LP) in the areas of SaaS, Ecommerce, Deep

Tech & Consumer goods.

The appointment of the two new Independent Directors of

the Company is in line with the requirements of its Policy

on “Appointment of Directors and Senior Management and

Succession Planning for orderly succession to the Board and

Senior Management”.

The skillsets possessed by Ms. Nisaba Godrej and Mr. Muthiah

Murugappan are mentioned in the Corporate Governance

section of the Annual Report of the Company for the financial

year ended 31st March, 2021.

Profile:

Brief details of Ms. Nisaba Godrej and Mr. Muthiah

Murugappan are mentioned below:

•

Ms. Nisaba Godrej:

Ms. Nisaba Godrej has completed 43 years of age.

Ms. Nisaba Godrej has a BSc degree from The Wharton

School at the University of Pennsylvania and an MBA

from Harvard Business School. She is passionate

about girls' education, the human mind, trekking and

equestrian sports.

Ms. Nisaba Godrej is the Chairperson and Managing

Director of Godrej Consumer Products Limited (“GCPL”).

She has been a key architect of GCPL’s strategy and

transformation in the last decade. In 2007, she initiated

and led Project Leapfrog, which created a playbook for

GCPL to accelerate domestic organic growth through

innovation and consolidation, and to become a more

global company by investing in emerging markets

outside of India.

Over the last ten years, GCPL’s market capitalisation

has increased twenty-fold and GCPL has developed

a very strong, engaged and ambitious team, and is

consistently ranked as a great place to work.

She has also institutionalised design driven thinking and

directly leads product development. Ms. Nisaba Godrej

is passionate about identifying and developing the

talent required for the Godrej Group’s future growth.

Through her oversight of the Group HR function

for Godrej Industries and associate companies, she

has made Godrej a more meritocratic and highly

performance driven organisation, while keeping the

Group’s values front and center.

She has also spearheaded the Group’s Good & Green

agenda to drive more inclusive and sustainable growth.

Her previous assignments within the Godrej Group

have included the successful turnaround of Godrej

Agrovet and the creation of a Group strategy function

to oversee the Group’s portfolio.

•

Mr. Muthiah Murugappan:

Mr. Muthiah has completed 37 years of age. Mr. Muthiah

Murugappan started his career in August, 2004 with

Indian FMCG major - CavinKare Private Limited, where

initially he served as an Area Sales Manager in the

Western and Southern regions and has worked in the

States of Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh, Chattisgarh

and Andhra Pradesh. He subsequently moved into

a Brand Management role and served as a Product

Manager for the International Business Unit, covering

the Gulf Cooperation Council and ASEAN regions.

In July, 2007, he joined Carborundum Universal Limited

(“CUMI”) as an Exports Manager. CUMI is an integral

part of the family business conglomerate – The

Murugappa Group of which he is a fifth-generation

Member. He subsequently moved to the US to handle

CUMI's trading operations in North America and in 2010

returned to India to head its Wear Ceramics business

where he served till July, 2013.

He then decided to take a sabbatical to pursue a Full

Time MBA at the London Business School starting fall of

2013. He then returned to The Murugappa Group to head

the Nutraceuticals Business of Group flagship – EID Parry

India Limited.

Mr. Muthiah has a B. Sc. in Management Sciences from

the University of Warwick (Warwick Business School).

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter of re-appointment of Mr. T. N.

Manoharan

setting

out

terms

and

conditions

of

re-appointment are available for inspection by the Members

in electronic form as per the instructions provided in the

Note No. 9 of this Notice.

Other Information:

Mr. Manoharan does not hold any Ordinary (Equity) Shares

in the Company.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

and Senior Management especially in the areas of strategic

planning, risk mitigation and external interface. He will

continue to play an important role in epitomising and

building Brand Mahindra. He will be available to provide

feedback and counsel to the: Managing Director and Senior

Management on key issues facing the Company.

The Board of Directors of the Company pursuant to

the recommendation of the GNRC and subject to the

approval of the Members at the ensuing General Meeting

of the Company, approved payment of remuneration to

Mr. Anand G. Mahindra, as Non-Executive

Managing Director of the Company in 1991 at a

time when the turnover was US$ 177 million. He initiated a

comprehensive change programme to make the Company an

efficient and aggressive competitor in the new liberalized

economic environment in India.

In April 1997, he was appointed as: Managing Director

of Mahindra & Mahindra Limited and in January 2001

given the additional responsibility of Vice

Managing Director and Senior Management

especially in the areas of strategic planning, risk

mitigation and external interface. He will continue

to play an important role in epitomising and

building Brand Mahindra. He will be available to

provide feedback and counsel to the Managing

Director and Senior Management on key issues

facing the Company.

(v) Remuneration proposed:

The remuneration proposed to be paid to

Mr. Anand G. Mahindra as a Non-Executive

Chairman with effect from 12th November, 2021 for

a period of 5 (Five) years is given below:

1)

Total

Remuneration

of

Rs.

5,00,00,000

per annum split as under:

(a) Remuneration of Rs. 2,50,00,000 per

annum by way of monthly payment and

(b) Commission of Rs. 2,50,00,000 per annum.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter providing the email address, mobile number, self-attested copy of the PAN card

and copy of the Share Certificate.

18.

Email Registration on Company/

Registrar and Transfer Agent’s

website

Members may visit the following websites and follow the registration process as guided

therein:

•

Company’s website https://www.mahindra.com and click on “email registration”

•

KFintech’s website https://ris.kfintech.com/clientservices/mobilereg/mobileemailreg.aspx

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and CEO,

effective from April 02, 2021.

Ms. Shikha Sharma

Independent Director

Mr. Muthiah Murugappan

Independent Director

Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta

Lead Independent Director

Dr. Vishakha N. Desai

Independent Director

Mr. T. N. Manoharan

Ms. Nisaba Godrej

Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar

Independent Director

Independent Director

Executive Director (Auto & Farm Sectors)

Dr. Anish Shah*

Mr. Anand G. Mahindra: Managing Director & CEO

Executive

Managing Director

& CEO

Mr. C P

Gurnani

MD & CEO

Tech Mahindra

Ltd.

Mr. Ramesh

Iyer

VC & MD

(Mahindra & Mahindra Financial

Services Ltd.) & President

(Financial Services Sector)

Mr. Manoj

Bhat

President &

Group Chief

Financial Ofﬁcer

08

GROUP EXECUTIVE BOARD

COMPANY

OVERVIEW

SUPPORTING

COMMUNITIES TO RISE

PIVOTING

TO GROWTH

RISING THROUGH

INNOVATIONS

RISING WITH

FOCUS ON ESG

CORPORATE

INFORMATION

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Ofﬁcer

Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar

Executive Director -

(Auto & Farm Sectors)

Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta

Lead Independent Director

Dr. Vishakha N. Desai

Independent Director

Mr. T. N. Manoharan

Independent Director

Mr. Haigreve Khaitan

Independent Director

Ms. Shikha Sharma

Independent Director

Ms. Nisaba Godrej

Independent Director

Mr. Muthiah Murugappan

Independent Director

Mr. Vijay Kumar Sharma

(Nominee of Life Insurance

Corporation of India)

Mr. CP Gurnani

Non-Executive

Non-Independent Director

Mr. Manoj Bhat

President & Group Chief

Financial Ofﬁcer

Mr. Narayan Shankar

Company Secretary

56

COMPANY

OVERVIEW

SUPPORTING

COMMUNITIES TO RISE

PIVOTING

TO GROWTH

RISING THROUGH

INNOVATIONS

RISING WITH

FOCUS ON ESG

CORPORATE

INFORMATION

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Dear Shareholders

Your Directors present their Report together with the

audited financial statements of your Company for the

year ended 31st March, 2021.

A.

FINANCIAL AND OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS

(Rs. in crores)

Particulars

2021

2020

Revenue from Operations ..............................

45,041

45,488

Other Income ..................................................

1,221

1,668

Profit before Depreciation, Finance Costs,

Exceptional items and Taxation .....................

7,727

7,466

Less: Depreciation,

Amortisation

and

Impairment Expenses ............................

2,233

2,223

Profit before Finance Costs, Exceptional

items and Taxation .........................................

5,494

5,243

Less: Finance Costs ..........................................

371

113

Profit before Exceptional items and Taxation ...

5,123

5,130

Add: Exceptional items ...................................

(3,663)

(2,014)

Profit before Taxation ....................................

1,460

3,116

Less: Tax Expense ............................................

1,191

1,785

Profit for the year ...........................................

269

1,331

Balance of profit for earlier years .................

29,102

28,967

Less: Transfer to Debenture Redemption

Reserve ....................................................

—

—

Profits available for appropriation ................

29,371

30,298

Add: Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss)* ..

(60)

(8)

Less: Dividend paid on Equity Shares............

292

1,057

Less: Income-tax on Dividend paid ................

—

131

Balance carried forward .................................

29,019

29,102

* Remeasurement of (loss)/gain (net) on defined benefit plans,

recognised as part of retained earnings.

Financial Year 2021 was one of the worst years for the

Indian economy since independence. As per the Second

Advanced Estimates of National Income released by

the CSO, real economic activity is expected to have

contracted by 6.5% during the fiscal as the COVID-19

pandemic took a toll on economic activity. This was the

first instance of a contraction since the Financial Year

1980. Nominal per capita income fell quite sharply

during the year.

The pandemic hit all segments of the economy quite

hard with the manufacturing, construction and services

Board’s Report

segments reporting large contractions during the fiscal.

Agriculture, however, was the lone bright spot in the

economy, growing by 3.6% in the Financial Year 2021.

Rural areas were not hit as hard by COVID-19 vis-à-vis

urban India. Besides, the Government also proactively

intervened and supported this segment by way of cash

and kind transfers, record food grain procurement,

frontloading rural-related Government spending, hiking

MGNREGA spending sharply, initiating a temporary rural

works program for returnee migrants and ensuring ample

supply of credit. All these measures provided support to

the segment. India’s food grain output is estimated to

have touched 305.4 million tonnes in Financial Year 2021

which is the highest level ever. Likewise, horticulture

output is also pegged at a record level of 326.6 million

tonnes during the year.

On the demand side, all drivers of economic activity fared

poorly in the Financial Year 2021. Private consumption

spending declined sharply owing to a fall in Household

incomes while capital formation contracted as the private

sector delayed investments owing to weak demand and

low capacity utilisation levels. Exports also fell sharply

with a contraction in world trade volumes owing to

weak demand across the globe.

The Profit for the year before Depreciation, Finance

Costs, Exceptional items and Taxation recorded an increase

of 3.5% at Rs. 7,727 crores as against Rs. 7,466 crores in

the previous year. Profit after tax decreased by 79.8% at

Rs. 269 crores as against Rs. 1,331 crores in the previous

year.

Your

Company

continues

with

its

rigorous

cost

restructuring exercises and efficiency improvements

which have resulted in significant savings through

continued focus on cost controls, process efficiencies and

product innovations that exceed customer expectations

in all areas thereby enabling the Company to maintain

profitable growth in the current economic scenario.

Details of Material Changes from the end of the Financial

Year till the date of this Report

The rampant spread of the Second Wave of COVID-19

and Lockdowns enforced in various States/Parts of the

Country coupled with disruption in the supply of oxygen

for industrial use, demand and supply for Vehicles and

Tractors is expected to be impacted temporarily.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director, Deputy: Managing

Managing Director and CEO (with

effect from 2nd April, 2021)

(c) Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar – Executive Director (Automotive

and Farm Sectors)

(d) Mr. Manoj Bhat – Group Chief Financial Officer

(appointed with effect from 2nd April, 2021)

(e) Mr. Narayan Shankar – Company Secretary

Dr. Pawan Goenka ceased to be the: Managing

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer” with effect from 1st April, 2020

and re-appointed as “: Managing

Managing Director and Group

Chief Financial Officer” from 1st April, 2020 to 1st April,

2021 and as the: Managing Director of the Company

designated as “Managing Director and Chief Executive

Officer” from 2nd April, 2021 to 31st March, 2025.

Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar was appointed as Whole-time

Director designated as “Executive Director (Automotive

and Farm Sectors)” for a period of 5 years from 1st April,

2020 to 31st March, 2025.

Mr. CP Gurnani was appointed as Non-Executive

Non-Independent Director of the Company with effect

from 1st April, 2020.

Mr. M. M. Murugappan and Mr. Nadir B. Godrej ceased

to hold office as Independent Directors of the Company

from 8th August, 2020, upon completion of their tenure

as approved by the Shareholders at the 72nd Annual

General Meeting of the Company held on 7th August,

2018.

Independent Directors

The Company has received declarations from all the

Independent Directors of the Company confirming that

they meet the criteria of independence as prescribed both

under the Companies Act, 2013 and Listing Regulations.

The Board is of the opinion that the Independent

Directors of the Company hold highest standards of

integrity and possess requisite expertise and experience

required to fulfill their duties as Independent Directors.

In terms of Section 150 of the Companies Act, 2013

read with Rule 6 of the Companies (Appointment and

Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, Independent

Directors of the Company have confirmed that they have

registered themselves with the databank maintained

by The Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs, Manesar

(“IICA”). The Independent Directors are also required

to undertake online proficiency self-assessment test

conducted by the IICA within a period of 2 (two) years

from the date of inclusion of their names in the data bank,

unless they meet the criteria specified for exemption.

The Independent Directors of the Company are exempt

from the requirement to undertake online proficiency

self-assessment test except Mr. Muthiah Murugappan

who would be undertaking the said test in due course.

Lead Independent Director

Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta, Independent Director and

Managing Director & CEO on

1st April, 2020.

The Company has witnessed phenomenal growth under

his leadership. The path through which the Company

passed through and the valuable contribution made

by him in guiding and shaping the business model and

future of the Company and the Group is commendable.

He was instrumental in translating the global vision of

the Company into a reality.

He has been the Chairman of the Risk Management

Committee and Member of the Corporate Social

Responsibility

Committee,

Loans

&

Investment

Committee,

Stakeholders

Relationship

Committee,

Research & Development Committee and Sale of Assets

Committee of the Board.

The Board placed on record its deep appreciation of

the invaluable services rendered by Dr. Pawan Goenka

to the Company for over more than 27 illustrious years

with the Company.

Quote from Executive Chairman

“Pawan joined your Company in 1993, fresh from a long

stint in the USA, wanting to make a career in India but

uncertain about how this would work out. From that day

to this, he has spent 28 exciting years in the Company. He

started as a General Manager reporting to the head of

Automotive R&D at Nashik and rose to cap his career as

the MD and CEO of your Company. That is an impressive

trajectory.

Pawan’s unique combination of engineering skills and

commercial acumen have added great value to your

Company. Under his leadership, particularly in the area of

R&D, your Company produced a stream of products that

put us on the automotive map. When he shared the first

Scorpio prototype with me, my spontaneous reaction was

that I was witnessing the birth of a new era. The Scorpio

changed the Company’s DNA, image and fortunes. From

the Scorpio to the XUV 700, Pawan has been the driving

force behind the quantum leap achieved by the R&D

Function in M&M.

Pawan is a role model for many in your Company. His

understanding of complex engineering processes along

with the demands of the market has been instrumental

in translating the Company’s global vision into a reality.

His commitment to Quality focus and Customer first

is now a part of the folklore of your Company. He has

always possessed a natural inclination towards fairness

and transparency and has great respect for his own

time and the time of others. He believes he can learn

from anyone, even the most junior of colleagues.

Fostering a meritocracy at Mahindra has always been

a priority for him. He is the living embodiment of our

Core Values.

He has officially retired, but I know that our loss is going

to be society’s gain. Amongst the many activities he has

planned, giving back to the community in some form or

the other is a large part of his agenda. And although

he will devote much less time to our organisation, it is a

comfort to know that we will always have access to his

experience and wisdom.

I wish Pawan a very happy, productive and fulfilling

next chapter in his life. Wherever his destiny takes him,

he will always remain a valued part of our Mahindra

Group family.”

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and

Senior Management especially in the areas of strategic

planning, risk mitigation and external interface. He will

continue to play an important role in epitomising and

building Brand Mahindra. He will be available to provide

feedback and counsel to the: Managing Director and

Senior Management on key issues facing the Company.

Retirement by rotation

Mr. Vijay Kumar Sharma and Mr. CP Gurnani retire

by rotation and, being eligible, offer themselves for

re-appointment at the 75th Annual General Meeting of

the Company scheduled to be held on 6th August, 2021.

Board Evaluation

Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013

and the Listing Regulations, the Board has carried out

an annual evaluation of its own performance and that

of its Committees as well as performance of all the

Directors individually, including Independent Directors,

Managing Director and Executive Directors

The performance evaluation of: Managing Director

and Executive Directors was based on various criteria,

inter-alia, including leadership style, standards of

integrity, fairness and transparency demonstrated,

identification of strategic aim, future demands and

opportunities, resource staffing to meet short term

and long term goals, engagement with Board and

Committee members, updating Board on significant

issues, commitment to organisational values, vision and

mission, adaptation to meet changing circumstances,

knowledge and sensitivity of stakeholders’ needs within

and outside the Company demonstrated and effective

communication skills.

Results of Evaluation

The results of evaluation showed high level of

commitment and engagement of Board, its various

committees and senior leadership. The results of the

evaluation were shared with the Board,

Managing Director or other

Non-Independent Director or Chief Financial Officer or

any other Management Personnel.

These Meetings are conducted in an informal and

flexible manner to enable the Independent Directors

to discuss matters pertaining to, inter alia, review

of performance of Non-Independent Directors and

the Board as a whole, review the performance of the

Executive Chairman of the Company (taking into account

the views of the Executive and Non-Executive Directors),

review the performance of the Company, assess the

quality, quantity and timeliness of flow of information

between the Company Management and the Board that

is necessary for the Board to effectively and reasonably

perform their duties.

Five Meetings of Independent Directors were held

during the year and these meetings were well

attended.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter,

debarment, etc.

Observations/

remarks of

the Practicing

Company

Secretary, if any.

NIL

(d) The listed entity has taken the following actions

to comply with the observations made in previous

reports:

Sr.

No.

Observations

of the

Practicing

Company

Secretary in

the previous

reports

Observations

made in the

secretarial

compliance

report for the

year ended…

(The years

are to be

mentioned)

Actions

taken by

the listed

entity, if

any

Comments of

the Practicing

Company

Secretary on the

actions taken by

the listed entity

NOT APPLICABLE

Sachin Bhagwat

ACS No.: 10189

CP No.: 6029

Place: Pune

UDIN: A010189C000345128

Date: 19 May, 2021

PR No.: 654/2020

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

and CEO

10.19

10.19

1.60%

1.60%

114.49

3. Dr. Anish Shah@*

Deputy Managing

Director and Group

CFO

8.51

9.41

-22.14%

-27.95%

105.73

4. Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar@@

Executive Director,

Automotive and

Farm Sectors

5.70

6.84

29.55%

19.16%

76.85

5. Mr. Nadir B. Godrej#&

Independent Director

0.20

0.20

-55.56%

-55.56%

2.25

6. Mr. M. M. Murugappan#& Independent Director

0.21

0.21

-58.00%

-58.00%

2.36

7. Dr. Vishakha N. Desai#

Independent Director

0.44

0.44

4.76%

-4.35%

4.94

8. Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta# Independent Director

0.54

0.54

20.00%

20.00%

6.07

9. Mr. T. N. Manoharan#

Independent Director

0.51

0.51

4.08%

4.08%

5.73

10. Mr. Vijay Kumar Sharma

(Nominee of LIC) $

Nominee Director

0.40

0.40

25.00%

25.00%

4.49

11. Mr. Haigreve Khaitan#

Independent Director

0.51

0.51

70.00%

70.00%

5.73

12. Ms. Shikha Sharma#

Independent Director

0.50

0.50

78.57%

78.57%

5.62

13. Ms. Nisaba Godrej ^ #

Independent Director

0.23

0.23

—

—

2.58

14. Mr. Muthiah

Murugappan ^ #

Independent Director

0.20

0.20

—

—

2.25

15. Mr. CP Gurnani ^ ^

Non-Executive

Director

—

—

—

—

—

16. Mr. Narayan Shankar

Company Secretary

1.63

1.63

7.95%

-21.63%

—

#

The remuneration of Independent Directors covers sitting fees and commission.

@

Appointed as Deputy: Managing

Managing Director is decided based on the

individual performance, inflation, prevailing industry

trends and benchmarks.

The

remuneration

of

Non-Executive

Directors

consists of commission and sitting fees. While

deciding the remuneration, various factors such as

Director’s participation in Board and Committee

Meetings during the year, other responsibilities

undertaken, such as Membership or Chairmanship of

Committees, time spent in carrying out other duties,

role and functions as envisaged in Schedule IV of the

Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and

such other factors as the Governance, Nomination

and Remuneration Committee may deem fit etc.

were taken into consideration.

V.

Afﬁrmation that the remuneration is as per the

remuneration policy of the company:

It is hereby affirmed that the remuneration paid is

as per the Policy for Remuneration of the Directors,

Key Managerial Personnel and other Employees.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of your Company

and the Committee was re-constituted to appoint Dr. Anish Shah as a Member of the Committee with effect

from 2nd April, 2021.

#

Mr. Muthiah Murugappan was inducted as a Member of the Committee with effect from 28th May, 2021.

3. Provide the web-link where Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by the board

are disclosed on the website of the company.

https://www.mahindra.com/investors/reports-and-filings

4. Provide the details of Impact assessment of CSR projects carried out in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 8 of the

Companies (Corporate Social responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, if applicable (attach the report).

N/A

ANNEXURE VII

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and CEO

Chairperson – CSR Committee

Mumbai, 28th May, 2021

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer,

Dr. Anish Shah, Deputy: Managing Director and Group

Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar, Executive

Director (Automotive and Farm Sectors), were the

Whole-time Directors of your Company as on 31st March,

2021. The remaining Non-Executive Directors, comprising

of Seven Independent Directors (including Three Woman

Corporate Governance

Directors) and two Non-Independent Directors as on

31st March, 2021 on the Board are highly experienced,

competent and vastly renowned persons from diverse

fields including manufacturing, finance, economics, law,

governance, etc.

During the year under review, Mr. M. M. Murugappan

and Mr. Nadir B. Godrej ceased to hold office as

Independent Directors of the Company from 8th August,

2020, upon completion of their tenure as approved by

the Shareholders at the 72nd Annual General Meeting

(‘AGM’) of the Company held on 7th August, 2018.

Further, the Board based on the recommendation of the

Governance, Nomination and Remuneration Committee

(‘GNRC’) and subject to approval of the Shareholders of the

Company, appointed Ms. Nisaba Godrej (DIN: 00591503)

and Mr. Muthiah Murugappan (DIN: 07858587), as

Additional Directors (Independent and Non-Executive) on

the Board of Directors of the Company, with effect from

8th August, 2020, to hold office of Independent Directors

for a term of 5 (five) consecutive years commencing from

8th August, 2020 to 7th August, 2025 (both days inclusive).

Dr. Pawan Goenka (DIN: 00254502) ceased as the Managing

Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company

consequent to his term coming to an end on the close of

1st April, 2021 and Dr. Anish Shah (DIN: 02719429), who

was Deputy Managing Director and Group Chief Financial

Officer has taken over as the Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer of the Company with effect from

2nd April, 2021.

In addition to the above, the Board based on the

recommendation of the GNRC and subject to the

approval of the Shareholders of the Company, considered

and approved the appointment of Mr. T. N. Manoharan

(DIN: 01186248), as Independent Director of the Company

for another term of 5 (five) consecutive years from

11th November, 2021 to 10th November, 2026 (both days

inclusive).

The Board based on the recommendation of the

GNRC

considered

and

approved

transition

of

Mr. Anand G. Mahindra to the role of Non-Executive

Managing Director and Chief Executive

Officer and Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar, Executive Director

(Automotive and Farm Sectors) who are the Whole-

time Directors of your Company. The remaining Non-

Executive Directors, comprise of seven Independent

Directors (including three Woman Directors) and two

Non-Independent Directors.

The Directors take active part in the deliberations at the

Board and Committee Meetings by providing valuable

guidance and expert advice to the Management on

various aspects of business, policy direction, governance,

compliance, etc. and play a critical role on strategic issues

and add value in the decision making process of the

Board of Directors.

The maximum tenure of Independent Directors is in

compliance with the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and

the Listing Regulations. All the Independent Directors

have confirmed that they meet the criteria as mentioned

in Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations and

section 149(6) of the Act. The Independent Directors

provide an annual confirmation that they meet the

criteria of Independence. Based on the confirmations/

disclosures received from the Independent Directors, the

Board is of the opinion that the Independent Directors

fulfil the conditions specified in the Listing Regulations

and are Independent of the Management.

Apart from reimbursement of expenses incurred in the

discharge of their duties, the remuneration that these

Directors were entitled to under the Act as Non-Executive

Directors and the remuneration that a Non-Executive

Director may receive for professional services rendered to

the Company through a firm in which he is a partner, none

of these Directors have any other pecuniary relationships

with your Company, its Subsidiaries or Associates or their

Promoters or Directors, during the two immediately

preceding financial years or during the current financial

year. None of the Directors of your Company are inter-se

related to each other.

Mr. CP Gurnani, being a Whole-time Director of Tech

Mahindra Limited, has waived his right to receive sitting

fees for attending the Meetings of the Board of Directors

or any Committee thereof on which he may be appointed

from time to time or any other remuneration payable to

the Non-Executive Directors of the Company, effective

from 1st April, 2020 being the date of his appointment

as a Director on the Board of Directors of the Company,

during his tenure as a Non-Executive Director of the

Company.

Professional fees for the year under review to Khaitan & Co.,

Advocates & Solicitors, in which Mr. Haigreve Khaitan,

Non-Executive and Independent Director is a partner,

amounted to Rs.146.12 lakhs (including out of pocket

expenses).

The Senior Management of your Company have made

disclosures to the Board confirming that there are no

material financial and commercial transactions between

them and the Company which could have potential

conﬂict of interest with the Company at large.

A. Composition of the Board

The Board of your Company comprises of Thirteen Directors as on 31st March, 2021 and Twelve Directors as on date

of this Report.

None of the Director is a Director (including any alternate directorships) in more than 10 public limited companies

(as specified in section 165 of the Act) and Director in more than 7 equity listed entities or acts as an Independent Director

in more than 7 equity listed entities or 3 equity listed entities in case he/she serves as a Whole-time Director/ Managing

Director in any listed entity (as specified in Regulation 17A of the Listing Regulations). Further, none of the Directors

on the Board is a Member of more than 10 Committees and Chairperson of more than 5 Committees (as specified in

Regulation 26 of the Listing Regulations), across all the Indian public limited companies in which he/ she is a Director.

The name and categories of Directors, DIN, the number of Directorships, Committee positions held by them in the

companies and the list of Listed Entities where he/she is a Director alongwith the category of their Directorships and

other details are given hereafter.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

(ceased as MD, CEO and Director w.e.f. 2nd April, 2021)

Nationality

Indian

Age

66

Date of Appointment

23rd September, 2013

Tenure on Board

7 years and 6 months

Term Ended On

Close of 1st April, 2021

Shareholding

79,188 Shares (0.0064%)

Board Memberships - Indian Listed Companies

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited: Managing

Managing Director and Group Chief Financial Officer (upto

1st April, 2021).: Managing

Managing Director

Godrej Agrovet Limited

Non-Executive Non-Independent

Director

VIP Industries Limited

Independent Director

Other Directorships*

1

Committee details as per

Regulation 26 of Listing

Regulations**

Chairperson: Nil

Member: Nil

Financial Experience

and Risk Oversight

Area

of Expertise

Business

Experience

Global business/

broad international

exposure/emerging

markets experience

Technology and

Innovation

Governance and

Regulatory

oversight

Sales and

Marketing Exposure

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and Chief

Executive Officer

Other Directorships*

Nil

Committee details as per

Regulation 26 of Listing

Regulations**

Chairperson: Nil

Member: 1

Financial Experience

and Risk Oversight

Area

of Expertise

Business

Experience

Global business/

broad international

exposure/emerging

markets experience

Technology and

Innovation

Governance and

Regulatory

oversight

Sales and

Marketing Exposure

*

Excludes Private Limited Companies, Foreign Companies and Companies

Registered under section 8 of the Act and includes Additional

Directorship.

**

Committees considered are Audit Committee and Stakeholders’

Relationship Committee, including that of your Company. Committee

Membership(s) includes Chairmanship(s).

Note:

•

The profile of the Director is available on the website of the Company

at: https://www.mahindra.com/investors/board-of-directors.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director, Deputy: Managing

Managing Director, other Non-

Independent Director(s) or any other Management

Personnel.

These Meetings are conducted in an informal and

ﬂexible manner to enable the Independent Directors

to, inter alia, discuss matters pertaining to review of

performance of Non-Independent Directors and the

Board of Directors as a whole, review the performance

of the Executive Chairman of the Company (taking into

account the views of other Executive and Non-Executive

Directors), assess the quality, quantity and timeliness of

ﬂow of information between the Company Management

and the Board that is necessary for the Board to

effectively and reasonably perform their duties.

Five Meetings of Independent Directors were held

during the year and these Meetings were well attended

by the Independent Directors.

E. Director(s) seeking Appointment/

Re‑appointment

Mr. CP Gurnani and Mr. Vijay Kumar Sharma, Directors

liable to retire by rotation and being eligible for

re-appointment at the ensuing AGM of your Company,

have offered themselves for re-appointment.

Further, the Board based on the recommendation of

GNRC and subject to approval of the Shareholders of

the Company, considered and approved:

•

Appointment of Ms. Nisaba Godrej (DIN: 00591503)

and Mr. Muthiah Murugappan (DIN: 07858587), as

Additional Directors (Independent and Non-Executive)

on the Board of Directors of the Company, with effect

from 8th August, 2020, to hold office of Independent

Directors for a term of 5 (five) consecutive years

commencing from 8th August, 2020 to 7th August,

2025 (both days inclusive); and

•

Re-appointment of Mr. T. N. Manoharan (DIN: 01186248),

as Independent Director of the Company for another

term of 5 (five) consecutive years from 11th November,

2021 to 10th November, 2026 (both days inclusive).

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and Chief Executive

Officer of Tech Mahindra Limited - a USD 5.2 billion

digital

transformation,

consulting

and

business

re-engineering services and solutions provider with

124,250+ professionals across 90 countries, helping

988 global customers including Fortune 500 companies.

An

accomplished

business

leader

with

extensive

experience in international business development,

start-ups and turnarounds, joint ventures, mergers and

acquisitions, Mr. CP Gurnani played a pivotal role in

Tech Mahindra’s transformation journey, and one of the

biggest turnarounds of Indian Corporate History - the

acquisition and merger of Satyam.

Living by the credo, ‘don’t work hard, work smart’,

Mr. CP Gurnani brings an inimitable leadership style

combined with a laser-sharp focus on customer experience,

which has helped Tech Mahindra emerge as one of the

leading global digital transformation providers.

He strongly believes that one just cannot ride the growth

path with resources that are out of sync with market

dynamics. One of his many noticeable achievements in

the past year has been an ambitious, company-wide

initiative aimed at retraining Tech Mahindra employees

to ensure they have the skills and knowledge to remain

competitive and survive the age of digital transformation.

In a career spanning 40+ years, Mr. CP Gurnani has held

several leading positions with Hewlett Packard Limited,

Perot Systems (India) Limited and HCL Corporation

Limited. Mr. CP Gurnani has also served as a Chairman

of NASSCOM for the year 2016-2017.

He is an ardent supporter of Individual Social Responsibility,

and often prods people to invest their time towards

betterment of humanity and society, at large. He is on the

Board of Tech Mahindra Foundation that was launched

in 2007 to help the underprivileged children. He also

founded ‘Titliyan’, an NGO that spearheads spreading

quality education and developing life and social skills of

more than 240 under privileged children.

A chemical engineering graduate from the National

Institute of Technology, Rourkela, he is a distinguished

and active alumnus of the Institute. Mr. CP Gurnani has

also been felicitated with an honorary Doctorate degree

by Veer Surendra Sai University of Technology and Sharda

University. Mr. CP Gurnani has also been featured in

a Harvard Case Study on ‘Tech Mahindra and the

Acquisition of Satyam Computers’.

He is the recipient of many prestigious awards including

‘Inspiring CEO’ 2021 recognition by the Economic Times,

Technology Icon of India 2020 recognition by VARINDIA

Brandbook, Business Today ‘Best CEO’ Awards 2019 (IT &

ITES category), ‘Corporate Leader of the Year’ Award -

14th (I-ACE) Awards 2018, Gold Winner in the ‘CEO of

the Year’ for his organisation’s wide reskilling initiative,

‘Asia One Global Indian of the Year - Technology’ in

2016, Listed among the top 100 global CEOs as part of

The Wall Street Journal CEO Council 2016, ‘Best CEO of

the Year’ at the Forbes India Leadership Awards in 2015,

Business Standard ‘CEO of the Year’ in 2014, CNBC Asia’s

India Business Leader of the Year in 2014, Dataquest ‘IT

person of the Year’ in 2013 and The Ernst and Young

‘Entrepreneur of the Year’ in 2013.

Mr. CP Gurnani has completed 62 years of age.

His passion for education is resonated in the various

honorary positions he holds - He is on the board of

Mahindra Educational Institutions (MEI) & a member

of the Board of Management of Mahindra University,

a private university promoted by MEI to educate future

citizens for and of a better world. He is also the Chairman

of IIM Nagpur and the Founding Trustee of Plaksha

University.

Mr. Gurnani is also on the Boards of Mahindra & Mahindra

Limited, Pininfarina S.p.A and T-Hub Foundation.

Mr. CP Gurnani is a Chairman/ Member of the following

Board Committees:

Name of the

Company

Name of the Committee

Position

Held

Tech Mahindra

Limited

CSR Committee

Chairman

Stakeholder Relationship Committee Member

Securities Allotment Committee

Member

Investment Committee

Member

Mr. CP Gurnani holds 2,290 Ordinary (Equity) Shares in

the Company.

Mr. Vijay Kumar Sharma

(Non-Executive Non-Independent Director)

Mr. Vijay Kumar Sharma is a post-graduate (M.Sc.) from

Patna University.

Mr. Sharma joined Life Insurance Corporation of

India (“LIC”) as Direct Recruit Officer in 1981 and

grew up with the Corporation since then. He held

various challenging assignments pan India and in all

operational streams including in-charge positions at

different levels. Working across length and breadth

of the country has added immensely to his experience

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director of LIC from 1st November, 2013.

From December, 2010 to November, 2013, he served

as: Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, LIC

Housing Finance Limited (LIC HFL), a premier housing

finance company in the country.

As MD & CEO of LIC HFL, he stabilized the operations

under most challenging circumstances of negative

media glare, intense scrutiny by Regulator & others

and turned it around to be the best Housing Finance

Company in 2011.

He has been an inspirational leader who utilizes negotiation

skills gained over thirty seven years of extensive experience

in insurance and financial sectors and strongly connects

to the grass root levels, believes in bottom-up approach

and has the ability to see the Big Picture and translate

it to reality. He is known as Growth Leader, leading the

Organisation to surge ahead and turnaround on its growth

path in all the segments of performance.

Mr. Vijay Kumar Sharma has completed 62 years of age.

Mr. Sharma is Non-Executive Non-Independent Director

of Mahindra & Mahindra Limited, Director of Tata Steel

Limited, Ambuja Cement Foundation, Independent

Director of Reliance Power Limited, NURECA Limited,

Additional Independent Director of Vidarbha Industries

Power Limited and

Managing Director & Chief

Executive Officer and Group Chief Financial Officer of

the Company have jointly given annual certification on

financial reporting and internal controls to the Board

in terms of Regulation 17(8) of the Listing Regulations.

Further, prior to the organisational changes, the quarterly

certification on financial results while placing the

financial results before the Board in terms of Regulation

33(2) of the Listing Regulations were jointly certified and

issued by the Executive Chairman,: Managing

Managing Director and Group

Chief Financial Officer)

814.54

—

35.40

91.32@

941.26

As Deputy: Managing

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer@@

25,290

*7,500***

*15,000*** *11,345***

*12,543***

*37,336***

Nil

Mr. Nadir B. Godrej, Independent Director#

20,000

*5,000

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Mr. M. M. Murugappan, Independent Director#

20,000

*5,000

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Dr. Vishakha N. Desai, Independent Director

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

@ 20,000*****

Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta, Independent Director

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

*10,000

Dr. Anish Shah, Dy.: Managing Director & Group CFO^

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar, Executive Director - AFS^^

*13,548

*15,000***

N.A. *12,824***

*13,492***

@ 25,178***

N.A.

Name of Directors (alongwith their Designation)

to whom Stock Options have been granted

2010 Scheme

Options

granted in

January,

2011

Options

granted in

November,

2013

Options

granted in

August,

2015

Options

granted in

November,

2015

Options

granted in

November,

2018

Options

granted in

November,

2019

Options

granted in

November,

2020

Options

granted

in March,

2021

(8)

(9)

(10)

(11)

(12)

(13)

(14)

(15)

Mr. Anand G. Mahindra, Executive

Managing Director

and Chief Executive Officer, the Deputy Managing

Director and Group Chief Financial Officer, Executive

Director (Auto and Farm Sectors), the President (Group

Controller of Finance and Accounts), the Senior Vice

President – Corporate Finance, the Statutory Auditors,

the Chief Internal Auditor, the Controller of Accounts,

the President – Mahindra Partners & Group Legal, the

Chief Financial Officer of Auto and Farm Sectors and the

Company Secretary.

As required under the Secretarial Standards, the Chairman

of the Committee or, in his absence, any other Member

of the Committee authorised by him on his behalf shall

attend the General Meeting of the Company. Mr. T. N.

Manoharan, Chairman of the Audit Committee, was

virtually present at the 74th AGM of the Company held

through Video Conferencing facility on 7th August, 2020

to address the Shareholders’ queries pertaining to Annual

Accounts of the Company.

The Committee met seven times during the year under

review on 3rd April, 2020, 23rd April, 2020, 11th June, 2020,

6th August, 2020, 9th November, 2020, 4th February, 2021

and 25th March, 2021. The gap between two Meetings

did not exceed one hundred and twenty days. The

attendance at the Meetings was as under:

Name of the Directors

Committee Meetings

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

Held during

tenure

Attended

% of attendance of

a Member

3rd

April,

2020

23rd

April,

2020

11th

June,

2020

6th

August,

2020

9th

November,

2020

4th

February,

2021

25th

March,

2021

Mr. T. N. Manoharan (Chairman)

7

7

100%

Ms. Shikha Sharma

7

7

100%

Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta*

3

3

100%

Mr. Haigreve Khaitan*

3

2

67%

Mr. Nadir B. Godrej**

4

4

100%

Mr. M. M. Murugappan**

4

4

100%

% of attendance at a Meeting

100%

100%

100%

100%

100%

100%

75%

Audit Committee Meeting

Attended through video conference

O

Leave of Absence

*

Appointed as Member of the Committee with effect from 8th August, 2020.

** Ceased to be a Director and thereby Member of the Committee with effect from 8th August, 2020.

O

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director, the

Executive Director(s), Group Presidents and other

Members of Senior Management as may be decided

from time to time (including the Chief Financial Officer

and Company Secretary).

In addition to the above, the Committee’s role includes

identifying persons who are qualified to become Directors

and who may be appointed in Senior Management in

accordance with the criteria laid down, recommending

to the Board their appointment and removal and

carrying out evaluation of every Director’s performance.

The Committee has also formulated the criteria for

determining

qualifications,

positive

attributes

and

independence of a Director and recommended to the

Board a Policy relating to the remuneration for the

Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and other Employees.

This policy has also been posted on the website of the

Company and can be accessed in the Governance section

at the Web-link https://www.mahindra.com/investors/

reports-and-filings.

The Committee has undertaken a structured and

comprehensive succession planning program over a

period of time and has carried out a rigorous review

for an orderly Succession to the Board and the

Senior Management.

The Committee carries out a separate exercise to

evaluate the performance of Individual Directors.

Feedback is sought by way of structured questionnaires

covering various aspects of the Board’s functioning such

as adequacy of the composition of the Board and its

Committees, Board culture, execution and performance

of specific duties, obligations and governance. The

performance evaluation is carried out based on the

responses received from the Directors.

The performance evaluation of Independent Directors

was based on various criteria, inter alia, including

attendance at Board and Committee Meetings, skill,

experience, ability to challenge views of others in a

constructive manner, knowledge acquired with regard

to the Company’s business, understanding of industry

and global trends, etc. During the year under review,

the Committee ascertained and reconfirmed that the

deployment of “questionnaire” as a methodology, is

effective for evaluation of performance of Board and

Committees and Individual Directors.

The Committee is also empowered to opine, in respect

of the services rendered by a Director in professional

capacity, whether such Director possesses requisite

qualification for the practice of the profession.

As per section 178(7) of the Act and Secretarial Standards,

the Chairman of the Committee or, in his absence, any

other Member of the Committee authorised by him in

this behalf shall attend the General Meetings of the

Company. The erstwhile Chairman of the Committee,

Mr. M. M. Murugappan was present at the 74th AGM of

the Company held on 7th August, 2020.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director, Chief Executive Officer and as Director with effect from

2nd April, 2021 and placing on record its deep appreciation for the invaluable services rendered by Dr. Goenka

E

Approved the appointment of Mr. Vikram Singh Mehta as a Lead Independent Director of the Company with effect from

1st April, 2021, defined his role and recommended the same to the Board

E

Penalty Framework under Code of Conduct for Employees

E

Frequency A Annual E Event Based

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter to the below address:

Chairperson of the Audit Committee

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited

Mahindra Towers,

Dr. G. M. Bhosale Marg,

P. K. Kurne Chowk, Worli,

Mumbai – 400 018

The Whistleblower Policy provides for reporting of insider

trading violations and reporting of instances of leak of

Unpublished Price Sensitive Information by the employees.

Under the Vigil Mechanism, all stakeholders have been

provided access to the Audit Committee through the

Chairperson. No personnel has been denied access to the

Audit Committee.

The Policy provides for adequate safeguards against

victimization of persons who use the mechanism. During

the course of the year these processes and systems have

been standardized and further strengthened.

The

Whistleblower

Policy

of

the

Company

is

available on the website of the Company and can be

accessed in the Governance section at the Web-link

https://www.mahindra.com/investors/reports-and-filings.

VII. MEANS OF COMMUNICATION

The Company recognizes the importance of two way

communication with Shareholders and of giving a

balanced reporting of results and progress. Full and

timely disclosure of information regarding the Company’s

financial position and performance is an important part

of your Company’s corporate governance ethos.

Your Company follows a robust process of communicating

with its stakeholders, security holders and investors

through multiple channels of communications such as

dissemination of information on the website of the

Stock Exchanges, Press Releases, the Annual Reports and

uploading relevant information on its website.

Financial Results:

The unaudited quarterly results are announced within

forty- five days of the close of each quarter, other

than the last quarter. The audited annual results are

announced within sixty days from the end of the

financial year as required under the Listing Regulations.

The aforesaid financial results are announced to the

Stock Exchanges within the statutory time period from

the conclusion of the Board Meeting(s) at which these

are considered and approved.

Other Information:

Your Company discloses to the Stock Exchanges, all

information required to be disclosed under Regulation 30

read with Part ‘A’ and Part ‘B’ of Schedule III of the

Listing Regulations including material information

having a bearing on the performance/ operations of

the Company and other price sensitive information. All

information is filed electronically on the online portal

of BSE Limited – Corporate Compliance & Listing Centre

(BSE Listing Centre) and on the online portal of National

Stock Exchange of India Limited – NSE’s Electronic

Application Processing System (NEAPS). The information

to the Stock Exchanges located outside India is filed

through electronic means or other permissible means.

Analyst/Institutional Investors Presentations

Presentations are also made to international and

domestic institutional investors and analysts. These

presentations and other disclosures which are required

to be disseminated on the Company’s website under the

Listing Regulations have been uploaded on the website

of the Company, viz.: http://www.mahindra.com and as

per the Archival Policy of the Company would be hosted

on the website for a minimum period of five years from

the date of respective disclosures. The Annual Report of

the Company, the quarterly/half-yearly and the audited

financial statements and the official news releases of

the Company are also disseminated on the Company’s

website. The presentation on the Financial Results of

the Company made to the Analyst and Institutional

Investors are also disseminated to the Stock Exchanges.

The quarterly, half-yearly and yearly results are also

published in Business Standard and Sakal which are

national and local dailies respectively. These are not sent

individually to the Shareholders.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and CEO of the Company upto

2nd April, 2021 and Dr. Anish Shah who was Deputy: Managing Director and Group Chief Financial

Officer has taken over as Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer of the Company with effect

from 2nd April, 2021.

Mr. Anand G. Mahindra will transition to the

role of Non-Executive

Managing Director and Chief

Executive Officer” with effect from 1st April, 2020, revision in the remuneration payable

to him with effect from 1st August, 2020 upto 11th November, 2020 and re-appointment

as “: Managing

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Mahindra & Mahindra Limited declare that all the Members of

the Board of Directors and Senior Management Personnel have affirmed compliance with the Code of Conduct for the year ended

31st March, 2021.

Anish Shah

Mumbai, 28th May, 2021: Managing

Managing Director and Chief

Executive Officer

Upon cessation of Dr. Pawan Kumar Goenka as the

Director of the Company, Dr. Anish Shah, Managing

Director and Chief Executive Officer has been

appointed as the Director responsible with effect

from 2nd April, 2021 for implementation of the

BR Policies.

b) Details of the BR Head

Sr.

No.

Particulars

Details

1.

DIN Number (If applicable) NA

2.

Name

Mr. Rajeshwar Tripathi

3.

Designation

Chief Human Resources Officer

- Auto and Farm Sectors, M&M

Ltd.

4.

Telephone Number

+9122 2884 9702

5.

Email ID

tripathi.rajeshwar@mahindra.com

2. Principle-wise (as per NVGs) BR Policy/policies (Reply

in Y/N)

The Business Responsibility Policy (“BR Policy”)

addressing the following 9 principles as per

the

National

Voluntary

Guidelines

on

Social,

Environmental and Economic Responsibilities of

Business (NVGs), duly approved by Board, is in place.

This policy is operationalized and supported by

various other policies, guidelines and manuals.

P1: Businesses should conduct and govern themselves

with Ethics, Transparency and Accountability.

P2: Businesses should provide goods and services

that are safe and contribute to sustainability

throughout their life cycle.

P3: Businesses should promote the wellbeing of all

employees.

P4: Businesses should respect the interests of, and be

responsive towards all stakeholders, especially

those who are disadvantaged, vulnerable and

marginalized.

P5: Businesses should respect and promote human

rights.

P6: Business should respect, protect, and make

efforts to restore the environment.

P7: Businesses, when engaged in influencing public

and regulatory policy, should do so in a

responsible manner.

P8: Businesses should support inclusive growth and

equitable development.

P9: Businesses should engage with and provide

value to their customers and consumers in a

responsible manner.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter, fax etc. The status of pending complaints/

cases as on 31st March, 2021 is as follows:

2020-21

Automotive

Division

Farm Division

(Including

Swaraj)

Total

Percentage of Consumer

Cases Pending against the

Company as on 31st March,

2020 of cumulative cases

pending

or

filed

since

1st April, 2009.

32.16%

40.22%

33.80%

Auto Division – Customer Complaints

Receiving

Period

Total

Complaints

registered in

this period

Open

Closed

Open

%

Closed

%

F21

33,032

505

32,527

1.53%

98.47%

F12 -F21

3,25,517

505

3,25,102

0.16%

99.84%

Farm Division – Customer Complaints

Receiving

Period

Total

Complaints

registered in

this period

Open

Closed

Open

%

Closed

%

F21

13,400

56

13,344

0.42%

99.58%

F11-F21

1,62,418

56

1,62,362

0.03%

99.97%

F21 Swaraj

Division

2,583

68

2,515

2.63%

97.37%

F11-F21

Swaraj

Division

6,285

68

6,217

1.08%

98.92%

2.

Does the company display product information on the

product label, over and above what is mandated as per

local laws? Yes/No/N.A. /Remarks (additional information)

Yes. In addition to mandatory requirements, the Company

also provides service and safety labels as deemed

appropriate. e.g.: Product fuel economy data displayed for

each variant at selling points (Dealership).

3.

Is there any case filed by any stakeholder against the

company regarding unfair trade practices, irresponsible

advertising and/or anti-competitive behaviour during the

last five years and pending as on end of financial year. If

so, provide details thereof, in about 50 words or so.

Yes. The Company has been impleaded in the below

listed proceedings that allege unfair competition/ trade

practices. The Company believes that the allegations are

untrue and without merit and is vigorously defending

itself in these proceedings.

Description of the matters pending under the

Competition Act, 2002:

Case No. 3/2011:

Based on the information given by the Informant

‘Shamsher Kataria’ against 3 car manufacturers about

non-availability of spare parts in the open market, the

Competition Commission of India (CCI) commenced

investigation of 17 car manufacturers. On 25th August,

2014 CCI passed an order (“Order”) against fourteen

companies including Mahindra & Mahindra Limited

(M&M). By this Order, the CCI imposed a penalty of

Rs. 292.25 crores amounting to 2% of the average annual

turnover for the years 2007-08, 2008-09 and 2009-10.

M&M vide a Writ Petition W.P.(C) 6610/2014 (“W.P”) filed

before the Delhi High Court challenged the constitutional

validity of certain sections of the Competition Act, 2002

based on which the order and penalty was decided

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and CEO

Rajesh Jejurikar

Executive Director (Auto and Farm Sectors)

Manoj Bhat

Group Chief Financial Officer

Narayan Shankar

Company Secretary

Mumbai, 28th May, 2021

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and CEO

Rajesh Jejurikar

Executive Director (Auto and Farm Sectors)

Manoj Bhat

Group Chief Financial Officer

Narayan Shankar

Company Secretary

Mumbai, 28th May, 2021

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and CEO

Rajesh Jejurikar

Executive Director (Auto and Farm Sectors)

Manoj Bhat

Group Chief Financial Officer

Narayan Shankar

Company Secretary

Mumbai, 28th May, 2021

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and CEO

Rajesh Jejurikar

Executive Director (Auto and Farm Sectors)

Manoj Bhat

Group Chief Financial Officer

Narayan Shankar

Company Secretary

Mumbai, 28th May, 2021

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Letter of Credit) ........................................................................................................

49.29

51.19

The loss allowance for trade receivables using expected credit losses for different ageing periods are as follows:

Rupees crores

Particulars

Not due

0-6 months

past due

> 6 months

Total

As at 31st March, 2021

Gross carrying amount .................................................................

289.57

1,903.92

377.72

2,571.21

Loss allowance provision ..............................................................

-

(28.18)

(200.18)

(228.36)

Net ..................................................................................................

289.57

1,875.74

177.54

2,342.85

As at 31st March, 2020

Gross carrying amount .................................................................

40.57

2,602.81

513.90

3,157.28

Loss allowance provision ..............................................................

-

(8.44)

(149.86)

(158.30)

Net ..................................................................................................

40.57

2,594.37

364.04

2,998.98

Reconciliation of loss allowance for Trade Receivables

Rupees crores

Particulars

2021

2020

Balance as at beginning of the year .....................................................................................................

(158.30)

(69.54)

Additions during the year .......................................................................................................................

(106.04)

(104.48)

Amounts written off during the year ....................................................................................................

8.36

2.90

Amount of loss reversed/written back ...................................................................................................

27.62

12.82

Balance as at end of the year ................................................................................................................

(228.36)

(158.30)

The Company’s maximum exposure to credit risk in respect of Financial Guarantee contracts are disclosed in Note 34 - 3(a).

In respect of other financial assets, the maximum exposure to credit risk at the end of the reporting period is the carrying amount

of each class of financial assets.

34. Financial instruments (contd.)

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

3

Dr. Anish Shah $

Deputy: Managing

Managing Director jointly regarded as the Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”). Description of each of the reportable segments for all periods

presented, is as under.

(a)

Automotive:- This segment comprises of sale of automobiles, spares, mobility solutions, Construction Equipment and related services;

(b) Farm Equipment:- This segment comprises of sale of tractors, implements, spares and related services;

(c)

Others:- This segment comprise of Powerol, Two Wheelers and Spares Business Unit.

The CODM evaluates the Company’s performance and allocates resources based on an analysis of various performance indicators by operating segments. The CODM reviews revenue

and gross profit as the performance indicator for all of the operating segments.

The measurement of each segment’s revenues, expenses and assets is consistent with the accounting policies that are used in preparation of the financial statements. Segment profit

represents the profit before interest and tax.

Information regarding the Company’s reportable segments is presented below :

Rupees crores

Particulars

2021

2020

Automotive

Farm

Equipment

Other

Total

Segment

Eliminations

Total

Automotive

Farm

Equipment

Other

Total

Segment

Eliminations

Total

Revenue

External Revenue

24,984.53

18,264.86

1,791.59

45,040.98

45,040.98

28,388.36

15,162.22

1,937.20

45,487.78

45,487.78

Inter Segment Revenue

30.08

168.39

0.71

199.18

(199.18)

—

20.27

240.23

0.53

261.03

(261.03)

—

Total Revenue

25,014.61

18,433.25

1,792.30

45,240.16

(199.18)

45,040.98

28,408.63

15,402.45

1,937.73

45,748.81

(261.03)

45,487.78

Result

Segment Result

485.85

4,192.70

26.06

4,704.61

4,704.61

1,263.72

2,926.23

72.58

4,262.53

4,262.53

Less:

Finance costs

370.88

113.23

Add:

Unallocated corporate income net of

unallocated expenses

789.82

980.71

Exceptional items unallocable to

segments

(3,663.27)

(2,013.98)

Profit before tax

1,460.28

3,116.03

Income Taxes

1,191.62

1,785.48

Profit after tax

268.66

1,330.55

Out of total external revenue above:-

Revenue from contracts with customers

44,716.53

45,294.76

Revenue from other sources

324.45

193.02

Total

45,040.98

45,487.78

OTHER INFORMATION

Segment Assets

17,414.88

6,948.61

1,100.13

25,463.62

—

25,463.62

16,223.14

6,965.15

1,017.04

24,205.33

—

24,205.33

Unallocated Corporate Assets

34,125.18

26,296.73

Total Assets

17,414.88

6,948.61

1,100.13

25,463.62

—

59,588.80

16,223.14

6,965.15

1,017.04

24,205.33

—

50,502.06

Segment Liabilities

9,374.25

4,436.58

589.80

14,400.63

—

14,400.63

6,874.14

3,200.65

475.90

10,550.69

—

10,550.69

Unallocated Corporate Liabilities

10,686.25

5,483.53

Total Liabilities

9,374.25

4,436.58

589.80

14,400.63

—

25,086.88

6,874.14

3,200.65

475.90

10,550.69

—

16,034.22

Additions to non current assets

2,361.99

434.07

34.85

2,830.91

—

2,830.91

3,303.22

621.34

33.70

3,958.26

—

3,958.26

Depreciation, amortisation and

impairment expense

1,823.22

332.85

35.84

2,191.91

—

2,191.91

1,807.49

322.69

30.32

2,160.50

—

2,160.50

Note:-

Additions to non-current assets comprises of capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment, capital work-in-progress, intangible assets including those under development and

capital advances.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and CEO

Rajesh Jejurikar

Executive Director (Auto and Farm Sectors)

Manoj Bhat

Group Chief Financial Officer

Narayan Shankar

Company Secretary

Mumbai, 28th May, 2021

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and CEO

Rajesh Jejurikar

Executive Director (Auto and Farm Sectors)

Manoj Bhat

Group Chief Financial Officer

Narayan Shankar

Company Secretary

Mumbai, 28th May, 2021

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and CEO

Rajesh Jejurikar

Executive Director (Auto and Farm Sectors)

Manoj Bhat

Group Chief Financial Officer

Narayan Shankar

Company Secretary

Mumbai, 28th May, 2021

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and CEO

Rajesh Jejurikar

Executive Director (Auto and Farm Sectors)

Manoj Bhat

Group Chief Financial Officer

Narayan Shankar

Company Secretary

Mumbai, 28th May, 2021

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and CEO

Rajesh Jejurikar

Executive Director (Auto and Farm Sectors)

Manoj Bhat

Group Chief Financial Officer

Narayan Shankar

Company Secretary

Mumbai, 28th May, 2021

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter dated 19th April, 2021, the financial services business has put in place a Board approved policy to refund/ adjust the

‘interest on interest’ charged to borrowers during the moratorium period. i.e. 1st March, 2020 to 31st August, 2020. The financial

services business has estimated the said amount and made a provision in the financial statements for the year ended 31st March, 2021.

Assumptions considered in the ECL model

The financial services business has made the following assumptions in the ECL Model:

— “Loss given default” (LGD) is common for all three stages and is based on loss in past portfolio. Actual cashflows

are discounted with average rate for arriving loss rate. Effective interest rate (EIR) has been taken as discount rate for all

retail loans.

— “Probability of default” (PD) is applied on Stage 1 and Stage 2 on portfolio basis and for Stage 3 PD is 100%. This is

calculated as an average of the last 60 months yearly average.

Estimation Technique

The financial services business has applied the following estimation technique in its ECL model:

— “Probability of Default” (PD) is applied on Stage 1 and Stage 2 on portfolio basis and for Stage 3 PD at 100%. This

is calculated as an average of the last 60 months yearly movement of default rates and future adjustment for macro

economic factor.

— Loss given default is calculated based on discounted actual cash flow on past portfolio in default along with reversals.

While the methodologies and assumptions applied in the impairment loss allowance calculations remained unchanged from those

applied while preparing the financial statements for the year ended March 2020, estimates, assumptions and judgements specific

to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the associated support packages have been incorporated in the measurement of

impairment loss allowance and recognised an overlay in the consolidated statement of profit and loss. The impairment loss allowance

estimates are inherently uncertain and, as a result, actual results may differ from these estimates.

Forward Looking Information

In calculating the expected credit loss rates, the financial services business considers historical loss rates on portfolio over a period

which covers most external factors like drought, government and policy changes etc and these historical PDs are converted into

forward looking PDs considering the agricultural and GDP growth estimates.

Assessment of significant increase in credit risk

When determining whether the risk of default has increased significantly since initial recognition, the financial services business

considers both quantitative and qualitative information and analysis based on the business’s historical experience, including forward-

looking information. The financial services business considers reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and available

without undue cost and effort. The financial services business’s accounting policy is not to use the practical expedient that the

financial assets with ‘low’ credit risk at the reporting date are deemed not to have had a significant increase in credit risk. As a result

the financial services business monitors all financial assets and loan commitments that are subject to impairment for significant

increase in credit risk.

33. Financial Instruments (contd.)

(c)

Credit risk related to financial services business (contd.)

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and CEO

3.

Dr. Anish Shah $

Deputy: Managing

Managing Director and CEO

Rajesh Jejurikar

Executive Director (Auto and Farm Sectors)

Manoj Bhat

Group Chief Financial Officer

Narayan Shankar

Company Secretary

Mumbai, 28th May, 2021

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and CEO

Rajesh Jejurikar

Executive Director (Auto and Farm Sectors)

Manoj Bhat

Group Chief Financial Officer

Narayan Shankar

Company Secretary

Mumbai, 28th May, 2021

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

