letter to you,

around 19,000 employees and their families, including

contract workers, have been vaccinated across the

organisation.

LOOKING FORWARD WITH OPTIMISM

The intensity of the second wave caught us off guard

and impacted overall sentiment. However, the situation

has stabilised and we are coming back on track. With

the pandemic forcing the workspace and the living

space to converge, demand for larger homes is likely to

remain strong. Further, the IT industry has been at the

forefront of post-pandemic business recovery, driving

demand for office space and employees in the industry

displaying strong appetite for residential purchases.

The workspace is not going anywhere; in fact, demand

for high-quality, campus-like, amenitised properties

will increase significantly as corporates put employee

health and well-being above everything else.

IN CONCLUSION

I take this opportunity to express my gratitude towards

our fellow Board members and the employees to

lead the organisation in navigating the challenges

successfully. The future looks promising, and we have

a strong base for a robust growth in the coming years.

I believe that the journey will be rewarding for all the

stakeholders.

With best wishes,

Irfan Razack

Chairman and: Managing

Dear shareholders,

FY 2020-21 was an unprecedented year for humanity as a whole, with the

global pandemic continuing to impact individuals and businesses worldwide.

At Prestige, we adapted quickly to the new realities by undertaking focused

initiatives towards our stakeholders in these challenging times and

accelerating digitalisation across the organisation.

11

CORPORATE OVERVIEW:

Managing Director

GOVERNANCE

36

PRESTIGE ESTATES PROJECTS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020 -21:

Managing Director of the Prestige

Group, India’s leading property developer, where he has

played a pivotal role in taking the Company to its

present level.

The second son of Razack Sattar, Mr. Razack entered

his family’s retail business in 1975 and diversified into

property development in 1985. Clearly, he has inherited

his father’s zest for excellence, and is a high flier from

the word go.

Mr. Razack’s pleasant demeanour and affable nature

has been an asset for the Group’s team building

efforts. He handles all construction and engineering

activities of the Prestige Group, where he has built

a highly motivated team. His excellent people skills

have created an environment where team members

can execute assignments with confidence and

effectiveness.

Mr. Razack is not a person to be limited by business

goals alone. A philanthropist by nature, he dedicated

himself to coordinating the ‘Terry Fox Run’– a

fundraising event in aid of Cancer Research in

Bengaluru. For this effort, the Governor General of

Canada, Mr. David Johnston, during his State visit

in 2014, awarded a Medallion and Scroll to him. Mr.

Razack staunchly supports the PRAY (Pain Relief and

You) Foundation, which provides medical assistance to

the underprivileged.

Among a host of other hats that Mr. Razack dons,

he is an avid golfer, a music aficionado, a wildlife

photographer, a keen ornithologist, an F1 motor sports

buff and a free-wheeling cook. His interests have

stemmed from his wide travels across

the globe.

The most remarkable facet of Mr. Razack’s personality

is his passion for collecting Indian Banknotes and

Paper Money. His collection of Indian Paper Money is

unrivalled and the most comprehensive in the world

today.

This hobby, fuelled by Mr. Razack’s relentless passion

and zest for knowledge, has created the most

accomplished collection of Indian Paper Money from its

inception to the present. His collection has been built

over a period of 50 years, which saw in-depth research

and study of this subject. This culminated in him co-

authoring an encyclopedic book, The Revised Standard

Reference Guide to Indian Paper Money, which was

released in 2012. This guide has become the single

most reliable point of reference on Indian Paper Money

and can verily be said to be the Bible for Indian Paper

Money.

In 2017, Mr. Razack authored a second book, One Rupee

- One Hundred Years 1917-2017, to mark the 100th

anniversary of the issue of the One Rupee note in India.

Mr. Razack is the Chairman of International Bank Note

Society – India Banknote Collectors’ Chapter. IBNS

awarded Mr. Razack for his significant contribution to

The Advancement of Numismatic Knowledge for his

article titled, ‘Banknotes of Portuguese India’. IBNS

also conferred on Mr. Razack the Literary Achievement

Award and the “Fred Philipson Award” Honorable

Mention for his article in the Journal.

Mr. Razack shares his knowledge with students and

encourages budding collectors to promote numismatics

as a hobby. He writes regularly on Indian Paper Money

for numismatic publications in India and overseas.

His long-cherished dream to establish the ‘Rezwan

Razack’s Museum on Indian Paper Money’ in Bengaluru

dedicated to Indian Paper Money became a reality in

February 2020.

In the true sense, Mr. Razack is the restorer and

preserver of a national heritage, which could otherwise

have been easily lost. His name is synonymous with

Indian numismatics and will always resonate at a mere

mention of Indian Paper Money anywhere and forever.

REZWAN RAZACK

Joint: Managing

Managing Director, Industree Skills Transform

Private Ltd. And Co-founder Director at Mother

Earth. An Industrial Design graduate from National

Institute of Design, Ahmedabad, she has, for the past

three decades, been working with artisans in rural

areas, by providing design, technical, marketing and

management solutions to bridge the urban-rural divide.

Over the years, Ms. Chhiber and her team have built

a holistic ecosystem that works with rural women in

India to equip them with the necessary skills and tools

to set up self-owned enterprises close to their homes.

Industree works to ensure these communities, become

part of mainstream value chains and therefore have

greater control over their economic security.

Her most recent endeavour Mission Creative Million

aims to strengthen the resources of a million producers

in the next 9 years to achieve both economic impact

including regular work, increased wages and financial

stability and social impact improved agency and

voice for women at home and in their communities as

well as better educational opportunities for the next

generation.

Ms. Chhiber believes that her biggest challenge and

reward has been facilitating and equipping producers

to manage themselves in changing scenarios.

NEELAM CHHIBER

Independent Director

39

ENVIRONMENT, SOCIAL & GOVERNANCE:

Managing Director, Mr. Irfan Razack. Appointed

as an Executive Director of the Company in August

2015, he is attached with the CMD’s office. Whilst

assisting the Chairman, he is also responsible for

sales and marketing. He is currently focusing on land

acquisition, land ownership and investor relations

within the Company. In addition to his full time role,

he is spearheading an important urban transformation

project aimed at improving public spaces and uplifting

community life. He is also driving the Group’s efforts

to generate employment opportunities and improve

the quality of skilled labour in the industry through its

joint venture ‘Rustomjee Prestige Vocational Education

and Training Centre.’ He was recently co-opted to the

General Body of CREDAI - Bangalore City Chapter

where he contributes to policy discussions impacting

the real estate industry, and engages with relevant

stakeholders to address industry concerns.

Prior to joining the Prestige Group, he spent over two

years in Singapore at CapitaLand. While completing

his undergraduate degree, he began his career at J.P.

Morgan Chase with an internship in 2009. He holds

a Bachelor of Science degree in Corporate Finance

and Accounting from Bentley University in Waltham,

Massachusetts.

Mr. Nayeem Noor joined the Company in February, 1992

and has over 46 years of experience. He currently heads

Public Relations and Liaison affairs of the Company

and is an interface between the Company, government

departments, and statutory authorities. He is also

member and Employer Representative of regional

committee of Employee Provident Fund Organisation,

Karnataka.

ZAYD NOAMAN

Executive Director-CMD’s Office

NAYEEM NOOR

Executive Director-Government

Relations

GOVERNANCE

Leadership team

42

PRESTIGE ESTATES PROJECTS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020 -21:

Managing Director and Chief Executive. He was also

the President and National Head -Retail Infrastructure

with Reliance.

His assignment with the Prestige Group encompasses

the Retail and Hospitality verticals and the

development of all asset classes outside of Bengaluru.

SURESH SINGARAVELU

Executive Director-Retail,

Hospitality and

Business Expansion

43

ENVIRONMENT, SOCIAL & GOVERNANCE:

Managing Director or

Executive Directors or other Non-Independent Directors

or the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer or

any other Management Personnel.

Extra-ordinary General meeting

An Extra-ordinary General Meeting of members of

the Company was held on December 11, 2020 to take

approval of members of the members of the Company

for Divestment of the asset(s)/undertaking(s)/direct or

indirect interest of the Company in various commercial

offices, under construction office assets, retail assets,

hotel properties, mall management and identified

maintenance businesses to BREP Asia II Indian Holding

Co IX (NQ) Pte. Ltd, BREP Asia II Indian Holding Co VII

(NQ) Pte. Ltd and BREP Asia II Indian Holding Co III (NQ)

Pte. Ltd, or their affiliates (collectively referred to as,

the “Buyers”).

Committees of the Board

The composition of various Committees of the Board

and their meetings including the terms of reference are

detailed in the Corporate Governance Report forming part

of the Annual Report.

Re-appointment of a Director retiring by rotation

In terms of Section 152 of the Companies Act, 2013,

Mr. Irfan Razack, Director, (DIN: 00202079) is liable to

retire by rotation at the ensuing Annual General Meeting;

and being eligible, offers himself for re-appointment.

The Board of Directors, based on the recommendation

of Nomination & Remuneration Committee have

recommended the re-appointment of Mr. Irfan Razack,

Director, who is liable to retire by rotation.

The Notice convening the Annual General Meeting includes

the proposal for the reappointment of the Director as

aforesaid. Brief resume of the Director proposed to be

re-appointed, nature of his expertise in specific functional

areas and names of the Companies in which he holds

directorship/ membership/ chairmanship of the Board or

Committees, as stipulated under SEBI (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 have

been provided as an annexure to the Notice convening

the Twenty Fourth Annual General Meeting.

Declaration by Independent Directors

The Independent Directors of the Company have provided

the declaration of Independence as required under Section

149(7) of the Companies Act, 2013, confirming that they

meet the criteria of Independence under Section 149(6) of

the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Regulation 25(8)

of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015.

Annual Performance evaluation of the Board

Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and

SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015, the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee and the Board have laid down the manner

in which formal annual evaluation of the Board, its

Committees, and Individual Directors has to be made.

The performance evaluation of the Independent Directors

was carried out by the entire Board. The performance

evaluation of the Chairman and Non-independent

Directors was carried out by the Independent Directors

in the following manner:

a.

Evaluation of performance of Non-independent

Directors and the Board of Directors of the Company

as a whole;

61

STATUTORY REPORTS:

Managing Director

DIN: 00209022

Sd/-

Rezwan Razack

Place: Bengaluru

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

letter.

MANAGEMENT'S RESPONSIBILITY

It is the responsibility of the management of the Company to maintain secretarial records, devise proper systems to ensure

compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws and regulations and to ensure that the systems are adequate and operate

effectively.

AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITY

1.

My responsibility is to express an opinion on these secretarial records, standards and procedures followed by the Company

with respect to secretarial compliances.

2.

I believe that audit evidence and information obtained from the Company's management is adequate and appropriate for

me to provide a basis for my opinion.

3.

Wherever required, I have obtained the management's representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations

and happening of events etc.

DISCLAIMER

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness

with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Nagendra D. Rao

Practising Company Secretary

Membership No. FCS – 5553

Certificate of Practice – 7731

UDIN: F005553C000433521

Place : Bengaluru

543/A, 7th Main, 3rd Cross, S.L.Bhyrappa Road,

Date : June 8, 2021

Hanumanthnagar, Bengaluru – 560 019

ANNEXURE II

69

STATUTORY REPORTS:

Managing Director

707,87,273

4,80,00,000

(32.16)%

75.04

Rezwan Razack

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

letter and spirit.

• Guidance vs. achievement: In line with the Company’s ever

enduring efforts to ensure highest levels of transparency

and investor confidence, the Company sets out guidance

values at the beginning of the fiscal. The Company carries

out an evaluation of the actual performance against

the guidance set at the beginning of the fiscal on a

quarterly basis.

ETHICS/GOVERNANCE POLICIES:

To deal as per our fundamental principles of transparency,

accountability and stakeholder relationship we have adopted

following policies:

• Whistle Blower Policy (Vigil Mechanism)

• Risk Management Policy

• Related Party Transactions Policy

• Corporate Social Responsibility Policy

• Material Subsidiary Policy

• Terms of Appointment of Independent Directors

• Code of Conduct for Independent Directors and Senior

Management Personnel

• Nomination and Remuneration Policy

• Dividend Distribution Policy

• Policies under 9 principles of Business Responsibility Report

• Code of conduct for prohibition of insider trading

• Directors Familiarisation Policy

• Policy on Board Diversity

• Policy for Preservation of Documents

• Policy on Disclosure of Material Information/Events

• Policy on Prevention, Prohibition & Redressal of Sexual

Harassment at the Workplace

• Risk Management Policy

The above policies are available at the website of the Company

at www.prestigeconstructions.com

A.

Board Composition

Composition of the Board

Prestige Board has proper mix of executive and

independent directors to maintain its independence and

separate its functions of governance and management.

Our Board has 55% independent directors as the Prestige

has executive chairman. As on March 31, 2021 our

Board has 9 members, amongst them 5 members are

independent & non-executive directors. All the Board

members are residents of India.

The Company has an effective mechanism for succession

planning which focuses on orderly succession of Directors

and Senior Management Team.

Following is the composition of our Board:

Board Composition

(%)

Executive Directors - 45

Independent directors - 55

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

PRESTIGE ESTATES PROJECTS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020 -21

76:

Managing Director)*

Mr. Rezwan Razack (Joint: Managing Director)

Mr. Noaman Razack (Whole-time Director)

Ms. Uzma Irfan (Whole-time Director)

Independent

Non-Executive

Directors

Mr. Jagdeesh K. Reddy

Dr. Pangal Ranganath Nayak

Mr. Biji George Koshy

Mr. Noor Ahmed Jaffer

Ms. Neelam Chhiber

*Mr. Irfan Razack, Mr. Rezwan Razack and Mr. Noaman Razack are

brothers, and Ms. Uzma Irfan is the daughter of Mr. Irfan Razack and

hence are relatives in terms of Section 2(77) of the Companies Act,

2013 read with Companies (Specifications of Definitions) Rules, 2014.

ROLE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Our Board of directors ensure the company's prosperity by

collectively directing the company's affairs, whilst meeting the

appropriate interests of its shareholders and stakeholders. In

addition to business and financial issues, Board of Directors deal

with challenges and issues relating to corporate governance,

corporate social responsibility and corporate ethics.

The roles of the Board of Directors inter alia includes the

following:

• Establish vision, mission and values

• Set strategy and structure

• Delegate authority to management

• Exercise accountability to shareholders and be responsible

to relevant stakeholders

INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS

The Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, hereinafter

referred to ‘Listing Regulations’ define an ‘Independent

Director’ as a person who is not a promoter or employee or

one of the key managerial personnel (KMP) of the Company

or its subsidiaries and ‘Independent Director’ should not

have material pecuniary relationship or transactions with the

Company or its subsidiaries, apart from receiving remuneration

as Independent Director.

The above parameters are followed by the Company.

Every Independent Director, at the first meeting of the Board

in which he/she participates as a Director, and thereafter, at

the first meeting of the Board in every financial year, gives

a declaration that he meets the criteria of independence

as provided under the Companies Act, 2013 and Listing

Regulations.

Independent Directors have also confirmed that in terms of

the provisions of Rule 6(1) of the Companies (Appointment and

Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, they have included their

names in the data bank maintained by the Indian Institute of

Corporate Affairs.

ORIENTATION PROGRAM UPON INDUCTION OF

NEW DIRECTORS

An induction kit is handed over to the new inductee, which

includes the Company’s Corporate Profile, its Mission, Vision

and Values Statement, Organisational Structure, the Company’s

history and milestones, latest Annual Report, Code of Conduct

applicable to Directors/employees of the Company, Code of

Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading, various policies

adopted by the Company etc. In case the inductee is also

inducted in any other Committee(s), he is also provided with

the respective Committee’s Terms of Reference, roles and

responsibilities and the Whistle Blower Policy.

A detailed communication incorporating the role, duties and

responsibilities, remuneration and performance evaluation

process, disclosure requirements, is issued for the information

of the Independent Directors. The same can be found at our

website www.prestigeconstructions.com

Alongside the Board Meetings, Independent Directors also

interact with Business/Unit Heads and Corporate functional

heads. Relevant Business Strategy presentations are also made.

A brief introduction to the Company, its promoters and its

subsidiaries is also made.

BOARD EVALUATION

One of the key functions of the Board is to monitor and

review the Board evaluation framework. As required under

the provisions of Companies Act 2013 read with applicable

rules, the Company has adopted the method of evaluation and

performance assessment of each director. The performance

evaluation of the Independent Directors was carried out by the

entire Board. The performance evaluation of the

Managing Director, WTD- Whole Time Director

EPD – Executive Promoter Director, NEID – Non-Executive Independent Director

Attendance of members of the Committee:

Sl.No

Name of the members

24.06.2020

1

Mr. Jagdeesh K. Reddy



2

Mr. Noor Ahmed Jaffer



3

Dr. Pangal Ranganath Nayak



4

Mr. Biji George Koshy



iii. Stakeholders Relationship Committee

Stakeholders Relationship Committee comprises of three

members headed by Mr. Biji George Koshy and Mr. Irfan

Razack and Mr. Rezwan Razack as its members.

The role of Stakeholders Relationship Committee is as

follows:

• consider and resolve the grievances of shareholders

of the Company with respect to transfer of shares,

non-receipt of annual report, non-receipt of declared

dividend, etc;

• ensure expeditious share transfer process

• evaluate performance and service standards of the

Registrar and Share Transfer Agent of the Company;

• provide guidance and make recommendations to

improve investor service levels for the investors.

PRESTIGE ESTATES PROJECTS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020 -21

80:

Managing Director

2.

Reappointment of Mr. Rezwan Razack as Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Place: Bengaluru

DIN: 00209022

PRESTIGE ESTATES PROJECTS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020 -21

92:

Managing Director as per SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015.

I, Irfan Razack, Chairman and: Managing Director of Prestige Estates Projects Limited, to the best of my knowledge and belief,

declare that all the members of the Board of Directors and Senior Management personnel have affirmed compliance with the

Code of Conduct of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2021.

Sd/-

Irfan Razack

Date: June 8, 2021

letter,

debarment, etc

Observations/Remarks of

the Practising Company

Secretary, if any

Not applicable

(d) The listed entity has taken the following actions to comply with the observations made in previous reports:

Sr.

No.

Observations of the Practicing Company

Secretary in the previous reports

Observations made

in the secretarial

compliance report for

the year ended

Actions taken by the listed entity, if any

Comments of the Practising

Company Secretary on the

actions taken by the listed

entity

1.

The Listed entity being one of the top

500 Listed entity shall appoint Woman

Independent Director by April 1, 2019. The

Listed Entity has not appointed Woman

Independent Director as on April 1, 2019

and date of the report (May 27, 2019).

March 31, 2019

The Listed Entity has appointed woman

Independent Director vide Board

resolution dated August 01, 2019. The

Members approved the appointment of

Woman Independent Director for a period

of 5 years, at the Annual General Meeting

held on September 25, 2019, with effect

from August 01, 2019.

The Listed Entity has

appointed woman

Independent Director

w.e.f. August 01, 2019.

2.

The listed entity shall submit the copy of

annual report to the Stock Exchanges and

publish on its website before dispatching

it to the shareholders. The Listed Entity

has not filed Annual Report with the Stock

Exchange before dispatching it to the

shareholders.

March 31, 2020

BSE have levied a fine of ` 12,980/-

(including GST) on the Listed Entity vide

e-mail dated May 08, 2019 and the same

was paid by the Listed Entity on

May 13, 2019.

The listed entity has incorporated

measures to file the Annual Report with

the Stock Exchange in a timely manner.

The listed entity has

belatedly filed Annual

Report with the Stock

Exchanges.

3.

The listed entity shall submit the statement

on Investor Complaints within 21 days from

the end of each quarter. There has been

a delay of 12 days in filing the statement

on Investor Complaints for quarter ending

March 31, 2019 with Bombay Stock

Exchange Limited (“BSE”). BSE has levied

a fine of ` 12,980/- (including GST) on the

Listed Entity and it has paid the same.

March 31, 2020

BSE and NSE have levied a fine of

` 21,240/- each (including GST) on the

Listed Entity vide their e-mail dated

October 15, 2019 and the same was paid

by the Listed Entity.

The listed entity has belatedly filed

Statement of Investor Complaints with

the Stock Exchanges.

The listed entity

has belatedly filed

Statement of Investor

Complaints with the

Stock Exchanges.

Nagendra D. Rao

Practising Company Secretary

Membership No. FCS – 5553

Certificate of Practice – 7731

UDIN: F005553C000433563

No. 543/A, 7th Main, 3rd Cross,

Place: Bengaluru

S.L. Bhyrappa Road, Hanumanthanagar,

Date: June 8, 2021

Bengaluru – 560019.

95

STATUTORY REPORTS:

Managing Director

4

Telephone Number 080-25591080

5

e-mail id

investors@prestigeconstructions.com

Principle-wise (as per NVGs) BR Policy/ Policies (Reply in Y/N)

• Principle 1: Ethics, Transparency and Accountability [P1]

• Principle 2: Products, Lifecycles Sustainability [P2]

• Principle 3: Employees Wellbeing [P3]

• Principle 4: Stakeholder Engagement [P4]

• Principle 5: Human Rights [P5]

• Principle 6: Environment [P6]

• Principle 7: Policy Advocacy [P7]

• Principle 8: Inclusive Growth [P8]

• Principle 9: Customer Value [P9]

Sr.

No.

Questions

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

1.

Do you have a policy/ policies for

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

2.

Has the policy being formulated in consultation with the

relevant stakeholders?

The Company has formulated the policies and adopted the same in

consultation with the relevant stakeholders.

3.

Does the policy confirm to any national/international standards?

If yes, specify?

Yes. The policy/ practice confirms to the National Voluntary Guidelines

(NVGs) issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Government of India,

July 2011 and the policies are complaint with the applicable laws as

mapped against the principles mentioned in NVGs.

4.

Has the policy being approved by the Board?

If yes, has it been signed by MD/owner/CEO/appropriate Board

Director.

Yes. The Policies have been approved by the Board and signed by the

Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Director's sitting fees

2

3

Donations

1

1

Corporate social responsibility expenses

36b

89

38

Loss on sale of property, plant and equipment

-

24

Membership and subscription

1

3

Postage and courier

16

11

Telephone expenses

7

7

Printing and stationery

21

16

Advances written off

111

45

Miscellaneous expenses

23

19

1,852

2,224

PRESTIGE ESTATES PROJECTS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020 -21

152:

Managing Director

Rezwan Razack, Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Director's sitting fees

2

3

Bad debts/advances written off

256

44

Donations

148

283

Share of loss from partnership firms (net)

-

2

Loss on sale of fixed assets

4

-

Membership and subscriptions

1

4

Postage and courier

17

13

Telephone charges

19

22

Printing and stationery

31

32

Manpower Cost

27

71

Foreign Exchange Loss

2

2

Expected credit loss allowance on receivables

-

83

Miscellaneous expenses

111

196

3,963

5,571

PRESTIGE ESTATES PROJECTS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2020 -21

244:

Managing Director

Rezwan Razack, Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

REZWAN RAZACK

Joint: Managing

