Dear Shareholders,

I write to you today as the nation is emerging out of the second wave of the Covid-19

pandemic. I take this opportunity to express our collective gratitude to India’s frontline

healthcare workers and vaccination teams, who are leading India’s fight against Covid-19.

The Indian economy, which contracted by 7.5% in FY2020-21, is expected to grow by 9%-

11% in FY2021-22. Second wave of Covid-19 which led to lockdowns in various parts of the

country in months of April and May 2021, has retreated from major cities, leading to

resurgence of business activities. To help the businesses overcome the economic losses

suffered in Q1 of FY2021-22, Government announced a slew of economic measures to ease

the financial impact of Covid-19 pandemic and to provide relief to the stressed sectors of

the economy. There are some green shoots which make me believe that the worst is behind

us, and a strong growth is in sight.

In last year’s annual report, we had proposed that the company may venture in new age

technologies which require less capital expenditure and keep the debt requirement to the

minimum. It is an opportune time considering the positive impact of pandemic on the growth

of digital ecosystem. Consumers are rapidly shifting their buying behaviour to online channel to minimize the human contact.

Growth in digital payments which set a record in June 2021, with 280 crore UPI transactions totalling Rs. 5.5 lac crore is a signal

to this shift. Businesses have gone aggressive on digitization of their internal operations and external interactions. These trends

of shift to digital ecosystem are expected to continue, irrespective of how pandemic pans out.

I truly believe what is good for the society makes for a very good long-term business. Electric Vehicle (“EV”) is one such business

since not only does it positively impact the environment but also reduces dependence on fossil fuels, pushes country towards

energy self-sufficiency, reduces trade deficit due to decrease in oil imports and leads to substantial cost savings for the customers

in terms of very low fuel costs.

I believe electric mobility sector is at the cusp of a major transformation in India. The Government of India is giving a big boost to

the sector through its various incentive schemes like Faster Adoption and Manufacturing of Electric Vehicles in India Phase II

(FAME India Phase II). In addition, various state Governments (Gujarat, Delhi, Maharashtra, Meghalaya, Rajasthan, Bihar) have

announced policy push in the form of demand incentives to be paid directly to EV buyers, in addition to road tax and registration

charges waivers. Other states are also expected to announce their EV policies in coming times.

Our first step in EV sector is our investment in Revolt Intellicorp Pvt. Ltd. (“Revolt”), a leading manufacturer of electric motorcycles

in India. Since the announcement of our investment in April 2021, Revolt has witnessed strong demand from customers. Such an

encouraging response from buyers demonstrates the popularity of Revolt and reaffirms our faith in Indian EV industry. Revolt will

deploy the capital raised from RattanIndia Enterprises Ltd. to invest in R&D, ramp-up production capacity to cater rapidly growing

demand for its electric motorcycles and expand the customer touchpoints across the country. At present, Revolt has dealerships

in Delhi, Mumbai, Pune, Chennai, Ahmedabad, Hyderabad which is planned to expand to 35 cities. Revolt will leverage AI to

upscale and provide a 100% in-house developed, 100% made in India, world-class contactless experience for the customers. Next

calendar year is likely to witness launch of new models from Revolt catering to customers across the spectrum while enabling the

company to capture a larger share of domestic and foreign electric two-wheeler markets.

Revolt is the first of many strategic investments we plan to make, as the management team will continue to evaluate opportunities

in E-Mobility and other new age sectors to create value for our shareholders. We are bullish on India’s growth story and believe

that the technology will be a key driver for this growth in times to come.

Lastly, on behalf of the Board, I take this opportunity to thank all our stakeholders - Shareholders, Customers, Employees, Financial

Institutions, new partners in our focus sectors and other partners for reposing their faith in us and motivating us to excel across

all facets of our business. I look forward to your support and confidence in the Board of your company to help us to achieve a

better year ahead as the country continues to emerge out of the shadows of the pandemic. I would like to end by reiterating our

continued commitment to excel in everything we do.

Thank you and wishing you all the very best.

Sd/-

Rajiv Rattan

Chairman

CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE

Mr. Rajiv Rattan

Chairman:

Dear Shareholders,

Your Directors present the 11th Annual Report on the business and operations of the Company along with the audited financial

statements for the financial year ended March 31, 2021.

SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL RESULTS

The summary of the financial results of the Company for the financial year ended March 31, 2021, is as under-

(` In lakhs)

Standalone

Consolidated

Particulars

March 31, 2021

March 31, 2020

March 31, 2021

March 31, 2020

Revenue from operations

10.00

-

10.00

-

Other income

172.02

156.59

172.02

156.59

Finance costs

0.01

122.71

0.01

122.71

Exceptional items

-

-

-

-

Profit/(Loss) before Tax

0.82

(37.93)

0.70

(37.93)

Tax Expense

-

-

-

-

Loss before share of profit/(loss) in associate

-

-

0.70

(37.93)

Share of loss in associate

-

-

-

(15265.98)

Net profit/(loss) for the year

0.82

(37.93)

0.70

(15303.91)

Paid-up equity share capital

27,645.39

27,645.39

27,645.39

27,645.39

(face value of ` 2/- each)

Other equity

40,060.87

40,065.41

(19,189.25)

(19,184.59)

Earning per shares (in `)

0.000

(0.003)

0.000

(1.107)

TRANSFER TO GENERAL RESERVE

The closing balance of the retained earnings of the Company for the FY 2021, after all appropriations and adjustments was

` (1164.22) Lakhs.

BUSINESS REVIEW

During the year under review, the Company has posted net profit of ` 81,670.

The Board of Directors of the Company decided to pursue the business of manpower/human resource supply and consultancy,

payroll management services and other related activities. The Board felt that in the hard times post the outbreak of Covid-19,

most employers would look for outside help to resolve and manage their human resource processes, as a support to the functioning

of their Human Resource Departments. This in turn presents itself as an opportunity to generate revenues at low cost, in a rapid

time, ultimately ensuring profitability. Hence it was decided to enter the said business activity. The initial investment in the

business is estimated to be Rupees five crore, besides the Company would utilize its existing resources for the purpose.

RattanIndia Enterprises Limited is the flagship company of RattnIndia group and is now also focused on new-age businesses

which help solve problems and contribute massively to our great economy. The Company has demonstrated this intent by making

its first move in this direction by investing in Electric vehicle company Revolt Intellicorp Private Limited (Revolt), which is a leading

electric bike company of the country. By investing in Revolt, RattanIndia will contribute towards reducing the pollution in our

cities and also help the cause of energy security of our country by using locally produced electricity and in the process reducing

the dependence on imported crude. Further, RattanIndia has shown its positive bias for technology-based businesses since Revolt

is an AI enabled bike and heavy on technology.

The Company will continue to look at opportunities which help bring efficiency to a particular sector in the country with the help

of technology.

SHARE CAPITAL

There was no change in the paid up equity share capital of the Company during the Financial Year 2020-21. The paid up equity

share capital of the Company is ` 276,45,39,184 (Rupees Two Hundred Seventy Six Crores Forty Five Lakh Thirty Nine Thousand

Board’s Report:

letter as well as spirit, the principles of

sound corporate governance, the functional requirements of the Company and the industry norms. The Policy may be accessed

on Company’s website at the link: https://www.rattanindiaenterprises.com/investors/policies/.

EVALUATION OF PERFORMANCE OF THE BOARD, ITS COMMITTEES AND INDIVIDUAL DIRECTORS

In compliance with the requirements of the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI (Listing Obligations And Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015, the Board of Directors has carried out an annual evaluation of its own performance, Board committees, and

individual directors.

The performance of the Board was evaluated by the Board after seeking inputs from all the directors on the basis of criteria such

as the board composition and structure, effectiveness of board processes, information and functioning, etc.

The performance of the committees was evaluated by the Board after seeking inputs from the committee members on the basis

of criteria such as the composition of committees, effectiveness of committee meetings, etc.

The performance of the Independent Directors was reviewed and evaluated by the entire Board and in such exercise, the director

concerned whose performance was being evaluated, did not participate.

In a separate meeting of independent directors, performance of non-independent directors, the Board as a whole and Chairman

of the Company was evaluated, taking into account the views of executive directors and non-executive directors.

The Board and the Nomination and Remuneration Committee reviewed the performance of individual directors on the basis of

criteria such as the contribution of the individual director to the Board and committee meetings like preparedness on the issues

to be discussed, meaningful and constructive contribution and inputs in meetings, etc.

The above criteria are broadly based on the Guidance Note on Board Evaluation issued by the Securities and Exchange Board of

India on January 5, 2017.

SUBSIDIARIES / JOINT VENTURES / ASSOCIATE COMPANIES

A wholly owned subsidiary of the Company by the name ‘Neotec Enterprises Limited’ was incorporated and registered with the

Registrar of Companies, NCT of Delhi & Haryana, New Delhi w.e.f. March 17, 2021. Subsequent to the close of the financial year

the Company has on April 28, 2021 acquired equity shares equivalent to 33.33% and share warrants when converted into equity

shares shall result in aggregate stake of 43% in Revolt Intellicorp Private Limited which is a next gen mobility company manufacturing

AI enabled electric vehicles. Further on June 19, 2021 the Company acquired 100% stake in RattanIndia Investment Manager

Private Limited thus making it a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. RattanIndia Power Limited is an associate of the

Board’s Report (Contd.):

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure 1 and forms an integral part of this report.

ANNEXURE ‘B’ TO BOARD’S REPORT (Contd.):

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the company. Our responsibility is to express

an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of

the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in

secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations

and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility

of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness

with which the management has conducted the affairs of the company.

7.

The maximum liability of our firm under the secretarial audit in respect of the aggregate of all claims shall not exceed the fee

charged by us.

For S. Khandelwal & Co.

Company Secretaries

Sd/-

Sanjay Khandelwal

Place : New Delhi

FCS No.: 5945

Date: August 3, 2021

C P No.: 6128

ANNEXURE ‘B’ TO BOARD’S REPORT (Contd.):

letter of appointment which stipulates various terms and conditions of their

engagement apart from clarifying their rioles and responsibilities.

In line with the policy of the Company as framed in this regard and in compliance with the requirements of the SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, a familiarization exercise for Independent Directors of the

Company was carried out during the financial year 2020-2021, as it had been carried out in the previous financial year.

As required under Regulation 25(7) and 46 of the Listing Regulations, the details of Familiarisation program imparted to the

Independent Directors are available on the website of the Company and can be viewed at the weblink https://

www.rattanindiaenterprises.com/investors/policies/.

4.

COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD

The Board has various committees including Audit Committee, Nomination & Remuneration Committee, Stakeholders

Relationship Committee, Risk Management Committee and Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Committee which act in

accordance with the terms of reference determined by the Board. Meetings of each of these Committees are convened by

the respective Chairman. Risk Management Committee was formed on June 18, 2021 i.e. post closure of the financial

year. Matters requiring Board’s attention/approval are placed before the Board. The role, the composition of these Committees

including the number of meetings held during the financial year and the related attendance details are provided below:

Report on Corporate Governance (Contd.):

