Managing Director

PROF. SIR RALF DIETER SPETH

(w.e.f. 24th March 2021)

SUDARSHAN VENU

Joint: Managing Director

K.N. RADHAKRISHNAN

Director & CEO

PRINCE ASIRVATHAM

C. R. DUA

R. GOPALAN

LALITA D GUPTE

T. KANNAN

KUOK MENG XIONG

(w.e.f. 24th March 2021)

H. LAKSHMANAN

HEMANT KRISHAN SINGH

DR. LAKSHMI VENU

Audit Committee

R. GOPALAN,

letter

etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized

signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer

by e-mail sriram.krishnamurthy@rediffmail.com with a copy

marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in

2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password

with any other person and take utmost care to keep your

password confidential. Login to the e-Voting website will

be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the

correct password. In such an event, you will need to go

through the "Forgot User Details / Password?" or "Physical

User Reset Password?" option available on

www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

3. A person, whose name is recorded in the Register of

Members or in the Register of Beneficial Owners maintained

by the depositories as on the cut-off date only shall be

entitled to avail the facility of remote e-Voting or casting

vote through e-Voting system during the meeting.

4. Mr K Sriram, Practicing Company Secretary (Membership

No. 2215), has been appointed as the Scrutinizer to

scrutinize the remote e-Voting process and casting vote

through the e-Voting system during the meeting in a fair

and transparent manner.

5. In case of any queries, Members may refer the Frequently

Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-Voting

user manual for Shareholders available at the download

section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll free no.:

1800 1020 990 and 1800 2244 30 and send a request to

NSDL official, Ms. Pallavi Mhatre Manager at

evoting@nsdl.co.in.

6. The Scrutinizer shall after the conclusion of e-Voting at

the AGM, first download the votes cast at the AGM and

thereafter unblock the votes cast through remote e-Voting

and shall make a consolidated scrutinizer's report of the

total votes cast in favour or against, invalid votes, if any,

and whether the resolution has been carried or not, and

such report shall then be sent to the Chairman or a

person authorized in this regard, within 48 (forty eight)

hours from the conclusion of the AGM, who shall then

countersign and declare the result of the voting forthwith.

7. The results declared along with the report of the Scrutinizer

shall be placed on the website of the Company at

www.tvsmotor.com and on the website of NSDL at

www.evoting.nsdl.com immediately after the declaration

of results by the Chairman or a person authorized by him.

The results shall also be immediately forwarded to BSE

Limited, Mumbai and The National Stock Exchange of

India Limited, Mumbai.

8. Pursuant to the Circulars issued by MCA and SEBI,

owing to the difficulties involved in dispatching of physical

copies of the Notice of the AGM and the Annual Report

for the year 2020-21, the said documents are being sent

only by email to the Members.

Therefore, those Members, whose email address is not

registered with the Company or with their respective

Depository Participant/s, and who wish to receive the

Notice of the AGM and the Annual Report for the year

2020-21 and all other communication sent by the

Company, from time to time, can get their email address

registered by following the steps as given below:

a) For Members holding shares in physical form, please

send scan copy of a signed request: letter mentioning

your folio number, complete address, email address

to be registered along with scanned self-attested

copy of the PAN and any document (such as Driving

Licence, Passport, Bank Statement, AADHAR)

supporting the registered address of the Member, by

email

to

the

Company's

email

address

corpserv@integratedindia.in.

b) For Members holding shares in demat form, please

update your email address through your respective

Depository Participant/s.

9. Pursuant to Finance Act, 2020, dividend income will be

taxable in the hands of the shareholders w.e.f. 1st April

2020 and the Company is required to deduct tax at

source ("TDS") from dividend paid to the Members at

rates prescribed in the Income Tax Act, 1961 ("the IT

Act"). In general, to enable compliance with TDS

requirements, Members are requested to complete and /

or update their Residential Status, PAN, Category as

per the IT Act with their Depository Participants or in

case shares are held in physical form, with the Company

by sending email to the Company's email address

corpserv@integratedindia.in.

10. In order to receive dividend/s in a timely manner,

Members holding shares in physical form who have not

updated their mandate for receiving the dividends directly

letter mentioning your name, folio

number, complete address and following details

relating to bank account in which the dividend is to

be received:

i.

Name and Branch of Bank and Bank Account

type;

ii.

Bank Account Number allotted by your bank after

implementation of Core Banking Solutions;

iii. 11 digit IFSC Code;

iv. Self-attested scanned copy of cancelled cheque

bearing the name of the Member or first holder,

in case shares are held jointly;

v.

Self-attested scanned copy of the PAN Card; and

vi. Self-attested scanned copy of any document

(such as AADHAR Card, Driving Licence, Election

Identity Card, Passport) in support of the address

of the Member as registered with the Company.

b. For the Members holding shares in demat form,

please update your Electronic Bank Mandate through

your Depository Participant/s.

11. In accordance with the provisions of Article 66 of the

Articles of Association of the Company, Mr Sudarshan

Venu and Mr K N Radhakrishnan will retire by rotation at

AGM and being eligible, offer themselves for re-appointment;

and

12. In terms of the Regulation 36(3) of the Listing Regulations,

read with Secretarial Standards on General Meeting, brief

profile of the Directors, who are proposed to be re-appointed/

appointed in this AGM, nature of their expertise in specific

functional areas, other Directorships and Committee

Memberships, their shareholding and relationship with other

Directors of the Company are given below:

Profile of Mr Sudarshan Venu

Mr Sudarshan Venu aged 32 years, (DIN 03601690), holds

a Graduate Degree with Honors in the Jerome Fisher Program

in Management and Technology from the University of

Pennsylvania, USA. He holds B.S. in Mechanical Engineering

from the School of Engineering and Applied Sciences and B.S.

in Economics from the Wharton School. He has also completed

M.Sc. in International Technology Management from the

Warwick Manufacturing Group attached to University of Warwick

in U.K.

With his active intervention, Company has already seen a

turnaround in its market share and has been the most

awarded Two - Wheeler Company. It is a testimony to

Sudarshan's focus, that the Company has been voted

No. 1 in Customer Satisfaction for four years in a row by

the prestigious J.D. Power Awards.

Since 2013, Sudarshan has played a pivotal role in Company's

growth through expansion to new geographies in Africa,

ASEAN, Latin America, in launching of its first EV scooter in

January 2020 and in acquiring the iconic British brand Norton

in April 2020 with the vision of regaining Norton brand its full

glory in the international motorcycle landscape.

He also has been instrumental in setting up and in the

success of Emerald Haven Realty Ltd, TVS Credit Services

Limited - a non-deposit Non-Banking Finance Company.

He is also a non executive director in Sundaram-Clayton

Limited, the holding company.

He has been a director of the Company since 1st February

2013. He is a member of Stakeholders' Relationship Committee

and Risk Management Committee of the Company.

He is the son of Mr Venu Srinivasan, Chairman and Managing

Director and brother of Dr Lakshmi Venu, Director of the

Company.

He does not hold any share in the Company.

He has attended all the six Board Meetings held during the

year 2020-21.

Details of his other Directorships / Memberships of Committees

are given below:

S.

Name of the Company

Position

Committee membership

No.

held

1.

Sundaram - Clayton Limited

Director

–

2.

TVS Credit Services

Director

Asset Liability Management

Limited

Committee;

IT Strategy Committee; and

Credit Sanction Committee

3.

TVS Housing Finance

Director

–

Private Limited

4.

S. Venu Trustee Private

Director

–

Limited

Profile of Mr K N Radhakrishnan

Mr K N Radhakrishnan, aged 58 years, (DIN 02599393),

began his career as Graduate Trainee in Sundaram-Clayton

Limited (SCL) (the Holding Company) in 1986 and has held

various positions in the Company from 1986 to 2000.

During his tenure, he implemented various initiatives in

manufacturing, product layout and cellular manufacturing

systems. He was the head of Business Planning of SCL and

also for other component divisions. During his tenure, he

was instrumental in developing best practices in TQM and

TPM which enabled SCL to bag the prestigious Deming

award and Japan Quality medal.

During 2000, he was transferred to the Company and he

implemented the same TQM and TPM practices in the

Company which helped the Company to become world's

first two wheeler company to win world's most prestigious

recognition in Total Quality Management- the Deming Award

2002.:

letter of appointment setting out the terms

and conditions of appointment of NE-ID will be available for

inspection without any fee by the members at the Registered

Office of the Company, at Chaitanya, No. 12, Khader Nawaz

Khan Road, Nungambakkam, Chennai 600 006, Tamil Nadu,

India, during office hours as stated above and shall also be

uploaded on the website of the Company at www.tvsmotor.com.

The Company has also received a notice from a member

under Section 160 of the Act, 2013, proposing the candidature

of Mr Kuok Meng Xiong for the office of Director of the Company.

Except Mr Kuok Meng Xiong, Director, none of the other

Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or

their relatives is concerned or interested, financially or

otherwise, in the resolution as set out in Item No.5 of this

Notice.

The Board, therefore, recommends the ordinary resolution,

as set out in item No. 5 of this Notice, for appointment of

Mr Kuok Meng Xiong, as a Director of the Company, for

approval of the Shareholders.

Item No.6

As recommended by the Audit Committee, the Board at its

meeting held on 27th April 2021, re-appointed Mr A N Raman,

Practising Cost Accountant, having Membership no. 5359,

as Cost Auditor of the Company, in terms of Section 148 of

the Act 2013, and fixed a sum of $ 6 lakhs (Rupees six lakhs

only) as remuneration payable to him for the financial year

2021-22, subject to ratification by the Shareholders of the

Company.

In terms of Section 148 (3) of the Act, 2013 read with the

Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules 2014, the

remuneration payable to the Cost Auditor, as recommended

by the Audit Committee and approved by the Board of

Directors, is required to be ratified by the shareholders of

the Company, at the ensuing AGM of the Company.

None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the

Company or their relatives is concerned or interested

financially or otherwise, in the resolution as set out in Item

No.6 of this Notice.

The Directors, therefore, recommend the ordinary resolution,

as set out in Item No.6 of this Notice for ratification of

remuneration payable to the Cost Auditor of the Company.

By order of the Board of Directors

Chennai

K S SRINIVASAN

27th April 2021

Company Secretary

Registered Office:

"Chaitanya"

No. 12, Khader Nawaz Khan Road,

Nungambakkam, Chennai - 600 006.:

Managing Director,

Sudarshan Venu, Joint: Managing Director, K N

Radhakrishnan, Director & CEO, H Lakshmanan, Dr. Lakshmi

Venu and Rajesh Narasimhan, Directors and also of

Managing Director

Chairman

2.

Prince Asirvatham

Independent Director

Member

3.

H Lakshmanan

Non Independent Director

Member

www.tvsmotor.com

Web-link is provided in page no. 85 of this Annual Report.

Not Applicable

Sl.

Financial

Amount available for Amount required to be

No.

Year

set-off from preceding setoff for the financial

financial years (in $)

year, if any (in $)

Not applicable

$ 840.19 Cr

$ 16.81 Cr

Nil

Nil

$ 16.81 Cr

Total Amount Spent for

the Financial Year

(in $)

Amount Unspent (in $)

Total Amount transferred to

Unspent CSR Account as per

Section 135(6).

Amount transferred to any fund specified

under Schedule VII as per second proviso to

Section 135(5).

Amount

Date of transfer Name of the Fund

Amount

Date of transfer

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

18.38 Cr

8 (b) Details of CSR amount spent against ongoing projects for the financial year: - Not Applicable

8 (c)

Details of CSR amount spent against other than ongoing projects for the financial year:

Name of the Project.

Item from the list of activities in Schedule VII to the

Act.

Economic Development, Education, Environment, Health,

Infrastructure & Water Conservation.

•

Eradicate poverty, promoting preventive healthcare and

sanitation and making available safe drinking water;:

Managing Director and

27th April 2021

Chairman of CSR Committee

10

In case of creation or acquisition of capital asset, furnish the details relating to the asset so created or acquired

through CSR spent in the financial year; (asset-wise details).

(a) Date of creation or acquisition of the capital

asset(s).

(b) Amount of CSR spent for creation or acquisition

of capital asset.

(c) Details of the entity or public authority or

beneficiary under whose name such capital

asset is registered, their address, etc.

(d) Details of the entity or public authority or

beneficiary under whose name such capital

asset is registered, their address, etc.

11

Specify the reason(s), if the company has failed to

spend two per cent of the average net profit as per

Section 135(5).

Not Applicable

Not Applicable:

Managing Director

JMD - Joint: Managing Director

D&CEO - Director & Chief Executive Officer

NE-ID- Non Executive Independent Director

NE-NID - Non Executive Non Independent Director

CFO - Chief Financial Officer; CS - Company Secretary

2

The percentage increase in the median remuneration of

employees in the financial year;

2%

3

The number of permanent employees on the rolls of Company;

5035

4

a. Average percentile increase already made in the salaries of

employees other than the managerial personnel in the financial

6%

year 2020-21

b. Average percentile increase / (decrease) in the managerial

remuneration in the financial year 2020-21

2%

There are no exceptional circumstances for increase in the

managerial remuneration.

5

Affirmation that the remuneration is as per the Remuneration Policy Remuneration paid during the year 2020-21

of the Company.

is as per the Remuneration Policy of the

Company

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Chennai

VENU SRINIVASAN

27th April 2021

letter and in spirit, is the

foundation on which the Company's ethical standards are

built. The Company would constantly endeavour to improve

on these aspects.

Good corporate governance, acting in accordance with the

principles of responsible management which aimed at

increasing enterprise value on a sustainable basis, is an

essential requirement for the TVS Group.

The Company's corporate governance philosophy has

been further strengthened by adopting a Code of Business

Conduct and Ethics and Code of Conduct to Regulate,

Monitor and Report trading by Insiders for prevention of

insider trading by the Directors and Designated Persons

and Code of practices for fair disclosure of unpublished

price sensitive information.

2.

Board of Directors

The Board of Directors (the Board), which consists of

eminent persons with considerable professional expertise

and experience, provides leadership and guidance to the

management, thereby enhancing Stakeholders' value.

2.1 Composition and category of Directors:

The Board has sought to balance its composition and

tenure, and that of its Committees and to refresh them

gradually from time to time so that they can benefit

from the experience of longer serving Directors, and

the fresh external perspectives and insights from newer

appointees.

On 24th March 2021, the Board has co-opted Prof. Sir

Ralf Dieter Speth as an Additional and Non-Executive

Non-Independent Director and Mr Kuok Meng Xiong

as an Additional and Non-Executive Independent

Director of the Company, based on the

recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee.

Mr Rajesh Narasimhan, Director, has resigned as a

Non-Executive Non-Independent Director of the

Company with effect from the close of business hours

on 24th March 2021 due to his various business

commitments and increased responsibilities within the

group.

As on 31st March 2021, the total strength of the Board

was thirteen members. As the Company has an

Executive Chairman Mr Venu Srinivasan who is the

Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director

NE-NID

:

Non-Executive - Non-Independent Director

JMD

: Joint: Managing Director

NE-ID

:

Non-Executive - Independent Director

*

includes private companies and companies incorporated outside India.

D&CEO

:

Director & Chief Executive Officer

** includes Committees where the Director holds the position of

Managing Director of Sundaram-Clayton

Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director

and turnaround of exports in a positive manner;

•

His extra-ordinary efforts to improve Company's presence in global market

through the acquisition of "Norton", the British iconic brand;

•

Made efforts on multiple fronts to take up challenges towards the

Company's global aspirations;

•

Plays a key role in profitable exports expansion, in the e-utility and Artificial

Intelligence foray by the Company;

•

Always strives for excellence in both quality and cost along with customer

satisfaction and take advantage of emerging opportunities and catch new

waves of wealth creation; and

•

He involves himself in all spheres of management and his expertise in

strategic planning, business administration and digital platform have

developed the Company in its growth at a faster rate.

Mr K N Radhakrishnan,

•

He has wide exposure about the industry and in-depth involvement

Director & CEO

with excellent attitude towards teamwork;

•

The preparedness and ability to deliver diverse targets on time during

transition from BS IV to BS VI, helped the Indonesian subsidiary of the

Company in achieving break even during the current year;

•

Solution orientation in audit findings and its implementations is one of

his key qualities;

•

Significantly contributes to good governance and performance of the

Company; and

•

He has a vast experience in automotive industry and having successfully

handled all activities of the Company including sales & marketing,

business administration/ operations.

Mr Prince Asirvatham,

•

He had played a key role in design and implementation of Unilever

Independent Director

group's global risk assurance process, in restructuring treasury operations

in India and in leading the merger of the largest F&B operation in India;

•

He founded his current practice "Checks and Balances" in India in 2003

to promote good governance through mentoring independent directors

and aspiring senior corporate managers; and

•

He has in-depth experience in financial matters, mergers and acquisitions.

Name of the directors

Brief description about the Directors:

Director's obligations and fiduciary

responsibilities; these include participation in Board and committee

meetings and providing moral oversight and people management.

Mr Hemant Krishan Singh,

•

He is a distinguished former career diplomat with extensive

Independent Director

experience in geo-strategic and geo-economic issues as well as

multilateral institutions which underpin international law and commerce;

•

He has been India's longest serving Ambassador to Japan (2006-2010),

Ambassador to Indonesia and Timor Leste (2003-2006), Ambassador

to Colombia, Ecuador and Costa Rica (1999-2002), and India's Deputy

Permanent Representative to the UN in Geneva (1995-1999). He has

held several significant assignments during his career, dealing with the

United States, West Europe and the European Union and India's

immediate neighbours;

•

He has contributed to the forging of the India-Japan strategic and global

partnership, the intensification of India's relations with Indonesia and

ASEAN, the evolution of India's revitalised Look East Policy and the

shaping of India's policy towards key neighbours and strategic partners;

•

Since 2016, he is the Director General of the Delhi Policy Group, a leading

independent and non-partisan think tank; and

•

He has wide exposure in global economy and best practices to address

the challenges and risks in international business.

Dr Lakshmi Venu, Director

•

She has a rich experience in business strategy, product design and in-

Non-Executive Non-Independent Director

depth knowledge of automotive business;

•

She is also the Joint: Managing

Director's Responsibility Statement in terms

of clause (c) of sub-section (3) of Section

134 of the Act, 2013;

•

Changes, if any, in accounting policies and

practices and reasons for the same;

•

Major accounting entries involving estimates

based on the exercise of judgment by

management;

•

Significant adjustments made in the financial

statements arising out of audit findings;

•

Compliance with listing and other legal

requirements relating to financial statements;

•

Disclosure of any related party transactions;

and

•

Modified opinions, if any, in the draft audit

report.

d. Reviewing, with the management, the quarterly

financial statements before submission to the

Board for approval;

e. Reviewing and monitoring the auditor's

independence

and

performance

and

effectiveness of audit process;

f. Approving or subsequently modifying any

transactions of the Company with related

parties;

g. Scrutinizing the inter-corporate loans and

investments;

h. Reviewing the valuation of undertakings or

assets of the Company, wherever it is

necessary;:

Managing Director (CMD), Joint: Managing

Managing Director

2.

Prof. Sir Ralf Dieter Speth

Non-Executive, Non-

Independent Director

03318908

3.

Sudarshan Venu

Joint: Managing

letter of even date annexed to this report as Annexure - A.

1.

Compliance with specific statutory provisions

We further report that:

1.1 We have examined the books, papers, Minute books

and other records maintained by the Company, and

the forms, returns, reports, disclosures and

information filed or disseminated during the year,

according to the applicable provisions / clauses of:

(i)

The Companies Act, 2013, and the rules made

thereunder ('the Companies Act').

(ii) The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act,

1956, and the rules made thereunder.

(iii) The Depositories Act, 1996, and the regulations

and bye-laws framed thereunder.

(iv) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, and

the rules and regulations made thereunder, to

the extent of Overseas Direct Investment and

External Commercial Borrowings ('FEMA').

(v) The following Regulations prescribed under the

Securities and Exchange Board of India Act,

1992 ('SEBI Regulations'):

(a) The Securities and Exchange Board of

India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ('SEBI

LODR');

(b) The Securities and Exchange Board of

India (Prohibition of Insider Trading)

Regulations, 2015;

(c) The Securities and Exchange Board of

India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and

Takeovers) Regulations, 2011; and

(d) The Securities and Exchange Board of

India (Issue and Listing of Debt Securities)

Regulations, 2008.

(vi) The listing agreements entered into by the

Company with the National Stock Exchange of

India Limited (NSE) and BSE Limited (BSE) in

relation to listing of its Equity shares; and the

listing agreements entered into by the Company

with NSE in relation to listing of its Non-

Convertible Debentures and Commercial

Papers ('Agreements').:

letter.

1.

The Company's management is responsible for

maintenance of secretarial records and compliance with

the relevant provisions of corporate and other applicable

laws, rules, regulations, guidelines and standards. Our

responsibility is to express an opinion on the secretarial

records produced for our audit.

2.

We have followed such audit practices and processes

as we considered appropriate to obtain reasonable

assurance about the correctness of the contents of the

secretarial records.

3.

We have verified the secretarial records furnished to us

on a test basis to see whether the correct facts are

reflected therein. We also examined the compliance

procedures followed by the Company on a test basis.

We believe that the processes and practices we followed

provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

4.

While forming an opinion on compliance and issuing this

report:

(a) We have considered compliance related action

taken by the Company after 31st March 2021, but

before the issue of this report.

(b) We have considered compliance related actions

taken by the Company based on independent legal /

professional opinion / certification obtained as being

in compliance with law.

(c) We have taken an overall view, based on the

compliance procedures and practices followed by

the Company.

(d) We have considered the Notifications / Circulars /

Guidelines issued by the Ministry of Corporate

Affairs (MCA) / Reserve Bank of India (RBI) /

Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) /

any other regulatory authority as may be applicable,

in respect of relaxation of various compliance time-

lines in respect of the compliance events

respectively stated therein.

5.

We have verified only the documents shared by the

Company in electronic mode due to the lockdown ordered

by the Central Government and various State

Governments.

6.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness

of the financial statement (including attachments and

annexures thereto), financial records and books of

accounts of the Company, as they are subject to audit by

the Auditors of the Company, appointed under Section

139 of the Act.

7.

We have obtained and relied on the Management's

representation about compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events, wherever required.

8.

Our Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to

the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted

the affairs of the Company.

For S Krishnamurthy & Co

Company Secretaries

K. SRIRAM

Partner

Membership No: F6312

Chennai

Certificate of Practice No: 2215

27th April 2021

UDIN: F006312C000188989:

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Mr. Sudarshan Venu, Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

letter of credit issued by a bank in India.

b)

Working capital loan and cash credit of $ 1,721.88 crores secured by hypothecation of receivables under the

financing activity of the subsidiary.

c)

Short term loan of $ 25.00 crores secured by hypothecation of receivables under the financing activity of the

subsidiary.

d)

Cash credit of $ 10.80 crores secured by hypothecation of receivables and inventories of the subsidiary, both

present and future.

23 TRADE PAYABLES

Dues to Micro and Small Enterprises **

45.00

121.49

Dues to enterprises other than Micro and Small Enterprises#

4,253.60

3,065.35

4,298.60

3,186.84

** Dues to Micro and Small Enterprises have been determined to the extent such parties have been identified on the

basis of information received by the management. The entire closing balance represents the principal amount payable

to these enterprises. There is no principal are interest due thereon and remaining unpaid as at the end of the year.

#

Includes balances due to related parties [Refer Note 40(c)(ii)].

24 OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES

Current Maturities of long term borrowings

2,581.23

2,347.62

Interest accrued but not due on loans

115.45

47.22

Interest accrued and due on loans *

0.64

0.72

Trade deposits received

89.84

67.34

Unclaimed dividends (Not due for transfer to

Investor Education and Protection Fund)

4.32

4.87

Dividend declared but not paid

66.51

-

Payables against capital goods

14.42

23.59

Hedge liability

0.46

41.94

Others

31.35

5.07

2,904.22

2,538.37

*

Subsidary has made funds available with the banks and the same has been appropriated subsequently.

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF TVS MOTOR COMPANY LIMITED

25 OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES

Statutory dues

155.98

135.42

Employee related

149.89

102.58

Advance received from customers

176.29

136.67

Deferred income

5.48

–

Money held under trust

–

6.47

487.64

381.14:

Managing Director

Mr. Sudarshan Venu, Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

