Managing Director’s Message

22 Business Model

24 Strategic Priorities

26 Operating Environment

INNOVATION

30 Therapy-shaping Initiatives

34 Transformation across Product Lifecycle

36 Unique Solutions

COMPASSION

40 Environment

44 People

48 Corporate Social Responsibility

50 Ethics and Governance

52 Board of Directors

54 Management Team

55 Rewards and Recognition

STATUTORY REPORTS

56 Board of Directors Report and

Management Discussion and Analysis

84 Business Responsibility Report

98 Corporate Governance Report

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

114 Independent Auditor's Report

122 Balance Sheet

123 Statement of Profit and Loss

124 Statement of Changes in Equity

125 Statement of Cash Flow

127 Notes to the Financial Statements

176 NOTICE

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENT

In this Annual Report, we might have disclosed forward-looking statements that set out

anticipated results based on the management’s plans and assumptions. We cannot guarantee that

these forward-looking statements will be realised, although we believe we have been prudent in

our assumptions. The achievements of results are subject to risks, uncertainties, and inaccurate

assumptions. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements,

whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. References to ‘Abbott India’ in

this Annual Report shall mean ‘Abbott India Limited’.

CORPORATE INFORMATION

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Munir Shaikh - Chairman

Anil Joseph -: Managing

MANAGING DIRECTOR’S MESSAGE

22

BUSINESS MODEL

24

STRATEGIC PRIORITIES

26

OPERATING ENVIRONMENT

EXCELLENCE:

Managing Director effective

July 1, 2020. Anil has had several

years of management experience

with Abbott based in Singapore.

On behalf of all Board members, I

would like to extend my sincerest

gratitude to our employees for their

perseverance and commitment, our

shareholders for their continued

trust in our endeavors and our

consumers for their confidence in

our products.

Thank you

Munir Shaikh: Dear Shareholders,

The start of the new decade has been eventful for everyone.

At Abbott India, our purpose leads us, and we believe that

through better health outcomes we will be able to build and

sustain a healthier, enriching world. I am happy to inform

you that despite volatility and uncertainty, your Company

once again delivered a strong performance in

FY 2019-20. Through our innovation and agility, we

continued to create and deliver long-term sustainable value

across the healthcare ecosystem.

Over the last several years, we have continued to

adapt to the changing environment. One of our critical

success factors has been our agility in adapting to digital

transformation that is the norm. Last year, we created

several ‘first-in-pharma’ ecosystems, pioneering initiatives

in therapies such as vertigo, liver, thyroid, influenza and

others. We have taken a lead in imbibing an innovative

culture. We have partnered with health-tech start-ups

that endeavour to solve problems in the healthcare space

and developed a service plus open ecosystem, a necessity

in today’s healthcare system. Also, keeping in mind the

increasing healthcare needs of our consumers, we have

augmented our portfolio and successfully launched

21 new products.

ANNUAL REPORT 2019-20

12

GROWING DIVIDEND

`

*includes Special Dividend

MUNIR SHAIKH

CHAIRMAN

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

ABBOTT INDIA LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019-20

12

13

ABBOTT INDIA LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019-20

12

Dear Shareholders,

I am delighted to share that we were able to

clock impressive results once again for

FY 2019-20. Our Total Revenue stood at

` 4,208 Crore, registering a growth of 11.0%

over the previous year, while Net Profit grew

by 31.7%. Even in the current challenging

times, we remain resilient and are able to

continue providing products and services to

our customers with the same commitment

as always.

The year brought a personal change for

me as I have now moved to a new role within

Abbott Group. The last three-and-a-half years

of my work as: Managing Director of Abbott

India Limited will remain close to my heart.

I am grateful for the trust my colleagues

had in me during this time, as we continued

to build on our achievements. I extend my

gratitude to all our shareholders and members

of the Board for their faith in my leadership. It

has been an honor to serve you all.

It is a privilege to welcome Anil

Joseph as the new Managing

Director. He is an Abbott veteran

and I am sure with his diverse

experience, he will lead your

Company to greater heights.

In my first message to you, I had

spoken about how Abbott India

as an organization ‘goes the extra

mile’ in its steadfast commitment

to provide quality, affordable

healthcare solutions to people. As

I look back, I realize that we are

constantly doing so. Not only have

we been able to restructure and

redesign business as per the need

of the hour, but we also continue to

pioneer healthcare innovations.

Over the years, we have aligned

our priorities closely to our

strategic intent. We are aiming at

improving health outcomes across

the continuum of care comprising

awareness, diagnosis, treatment

and compliance. We continue to

expand our service offerings to

reach out to stakeholders beyond

the pill. With our pill-plus programs

in liver health, gut health, pancreas

health, vertigo and thyroid health,

we are working to improve patient

experiences across the board.

Consumer needs are driving our

core focus on innovation. We added

21 new products to our portfolio

during the year. We have led with

improvements across the product

lifecycle by introducing new

packaging solutions, a new range of

flavours, simplified dosing and more.

Our future-focused approach

has helped us navigate diverse

macroeconomic conditions. We

undertook several restructuring

measures to improve our market

opportunities and I am proud of

our success – as many as 16* of our

top 20 brands continue to dominate

the market. We have retained our

leadership position in most of the

therapy areas we target, including

women’s health, gastroenterology,

metabolics, pain management,

central nervous system and vaccines.

Patients today are more aware and

hence, more empowered. They

look for more holistic customer

experiences. In response to this

growing consumerisation, we

undertook several robust initiatives.

One of our oldest brands, Cremaffin,

became the newest entrant into the

Over-the-Counter (OTC) category.

This year, we introduced India’s

only sub-unit quadrivalent flu

vaccine. We have also formed

an activation team for the

vaccines division so that we can

increase our reach in the adult

vaccination segment.

We pioneered the launch of a

division focusing on menopausal

health – the Miliana division.

Our product, Femoston provides

us the opportunity to reach out

to patients in the pre-and post-

menopause phase. We added our

global products – Duphalac Bears

and Duphalac Chews to our portfolio,

catering to a niche audience for their

gastrointestinal needs.

All of this has been made possible

through an exceptionally positive,

productive and focused culture

at our workplace. We introduced

several new talent management and

leadership grooming initiatives such

as ‘Accelerate’ and ‘LEAP’ that aim to

build strong managerial capabilities.

As a part of Women Leaders of

Abbott (WLA), we also launched the

Wo-Mentoring program to mentor

more women leaders at the Head

Office, plant and on field. Various

wellness initiatives were undertaken

to empower employees to face the

dynamic environment around us.

Similarly, members of our ecosystem

such as healthcare providers,

vendors, stockists and service

providers play an extremely

important role as enablers of our

success. I thank them all sincerely for

having the same passion

to deliver.

I assure you that Abbott India

remains ‘at the forefront of change’,

determined to grow sustainably

and to create lasting value for all

our stakeholders.

MANAGING DIRECTOR’S MESSAGE

BUILDING FOR THE FUTURE: Dear Shareholders,

I am extremely proud to take over the

responsibility as the Managing

MANAGING DIRECTOR

BACKED BY AN

UNMATCHED LEADERSHIP

KAIYOMARZ MARFATIA

NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

RAJIV SONALKER

CFO AND WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR

SHALINI KAMATH

INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR

AMBATI VENU

NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

SUDARSHAN JAIN

INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR

ANISHA MOTWANI

INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

ABBOTT INDIA LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019-20

52

53:

Managing Director

RAJIV SONALKER

CFO and Whole-Time Director

T RAMAKRISHNA PRASAD

Commercial Director -

Specialty Care

DR VIJAY PATIL

Associate Director – New Product

Introductions and Therapy Area Strategy

SRIDHAR KADANGODE

Director – Finance

DR SRIRUPA DAS

Director – Medical Affairs

MANDAR KESKAR

Associate Director -

Consumer Care

54

GUTFIT - BEST PATIENT EDUCATION PROJECT AWARD

at ZEE Business’s - National Healthcare Leadership

Awards

GUTFIT - OUTSTANDING PATIENT SUPPORT PROGRAM

at ET Now’s World Mental Health Congress Awards

UDILIV - BRAND OF THE YEAR -BRONZE

at the AWACS Award - Acute category

THYRONORM - BRAND OF THE YEAR - SILVER at the

AWACS Award - Chronic/Subchronic Category

BEST PATIENT-CENTRIC DESIGN AT PHARMAPACK

EUROPE - G’DoCon® - Granule Dosing Concept of

CREON SD

BEST DIGITAL MEDIA CONTENT by a Healthcare

Enterprise for Mother Against Influenza (MAI) at the

India Content Leadership Awards

KEYA PHATNANI

Director –

Business Human Resources

KRUPA ANANDPARA

Associate Director - Secretarial

and Company Secretary

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

ABBOTT INDIA LIMITED | ANNUAL REPORT 2019-20

54

55:

Managing Director of the Company effective February 29, 2020.

The Board places on record its sincere appreciation for the

accelerated growth of the Company during his tenure. Upon

recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee, he was appointed as Non-Executive Director,

eligible to retire by rotation, effective March 1, 2020.

The Board at its Meeting held on June 8, 2020, based on the

recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee, appointed Mr Anil Joseph (DIN : 08753233) as an

Additional and: Managing

Managing Director/

Executive and Non-Executive Directors/Independent

Directors/Key

Managerial

Personnel

and

Senior

Management;

iii) tenure of: Managing Director/Executive Directors/

Independent Directors;

iv) their removal process and succession planning.

Remuneration Policy lays down the Company’s philosophy

and criteria as well as manner of determining the

remuneration

of

Managing

Directors,

Executive/Non-

Executive

Directors,

Independent

Directors,

Senior

Management, Key Managerial Personnel and other employees.

Performance Evaluation of the Board, Board Committees

and Directors

The Company has adopted the Board Evaluation Framework

and Policy, which sets a mechanism and criteria for the

evaluation of the Board, Board Committees and Directors,

including Independent Directors. The same is available at

https://www.abbott.co.in/investor-relations/policies.html

As per the aforesaid Framework, Board and Board

Committees are evaluated by the Board through self-

assessment and group discussions. Parameters for evaluation

include structure and composition, frequency of meetings,

devotion of time for important business, adequate access to

information, discussion with management and cohesiveness

in the overall working which facilitates open discussion.

Evaluation of the Directors is done by the Board (excluding

the director who is being evaluated) basis the suggested set

of questions/parameters set out in the aforesaid framework

by

the

Nomination

and

Remuneration

Committee.

These criteria comprise Directors’ attendance, effective

participation

at

Board/Committee

Meetings,

their

contribution at the Meetings, leveraging on his/her

experience to provide the necessary insights/guidance on

Board discussions and display of candor in expressing

views even when they are in divergence with the rest of the

Board, etc. Independent Directors at their separate meeting

evaluate the performance of the Board, Non-Independent

Directors and the

Managing Director is

appointed as the Key Managerial Personnel effective

July 1, 2020.

AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee comprises Ms Anisha Motwani

(Chairperson), Mr Munir Shaikh, Mr Sudarshan Jain and

Ms Shalini Kamath. Role of the Committee is provided in

detail in the Corporate Governance Report, forming part of

this Report. All the recommendations made by the Audit

Committee during the year were accepted by the Board.

VIGIL MECHANISM/WHISTLE BLOWER POLICY

The Company has in place Vigil Mechanism/Whistle Blower

Policy called “Abbott India Limited – Procedure for Internal

Investigations”. It lays down a mechanism for reporting and

investigation of all unethical behavior, alleged or potential

violations of laws, regulations or Abbott Code of Business

Conduct, policies, procedures or other standards.

The said Policy is available on the website of the Company at

https://www.abbott.co.in/investor-relations/policies.html

Employees have numerous ways to voice their concerns and

are encouraged to report the same internally for resolution.

The said Policy provides for adequate safeguards against

retaliation and access to the Chairperson of the Audit

Committee.

Any concerns/grievances can be communicated through

various sources as provided under the said Policy or via

toll

free

number

0008001001058

or

online

at

https://speakup.abbott.com

DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT

Pursuant to Section 134(5) of the Companies Act, 2013, your

Directors state that :

a)

in the preparation of the Annual Accounts for the year

ended March 31, 2020, the applicable accounting

standards have been followed and there are no material

departures from the same;

b)

they have selected such accounting policies and applied

them consistently and made judgments and estimates that

are reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair

view of the state of affairs of the Company as at March 31,

2020 and of the profits of the Company for that year;

c)

they have taken proper and sufficient care for the

maintenance

of

adequate

accounting

records

in

accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act,

2013 for safeguarding the assets of the Company and for

preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities;

d)

they have prepared the Annual Accounts of the Company

on a going concern basis;

e)

they have laid down adequate Internal Financial Controls

to be followed by the Company and that such Internal

Financial Controls are adequate and are operating

effectively;

f)

they have devised proper systems to ensure compliance

with the provisions of all applicable laws and that such

systems are adequate and operating effectively.

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Policy on dealing with Related Party Transactions and

Materiality

The Company has in place the Policy on dealing with Related

Party Transactions and Materiality in terms of requirements

of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Securities and Exchange

Board

of

India

(Listing

Obligations

and

Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015. The said Policy is available on

the Company’s website at https://www.abbott.co.in/investor-

relations/policies.html

As per the said Policy, all Related Party Transactions are

pre-approved by the Audit Committee and Board, as and when

required. The details of such transactions are also reviewed by

the Audit Committee on a quarterly/annual basis. Material

transactions (transactions exceeding 10% of the annual

turnover as per the last audited financial statements), if any,

with any Related Party are pre-approved by the Shareholders.

Details of Related Party Transactions

The Company enters into the business transactions with

various Abbott affiliate companies (“Related Parties”) in the

normal course of business and on arm’s length basis.

All the transactions with the Related Parties during the

financial year 2019-20 were pre-approved by the Audit

Committee. Prior approvals of the shareholders are in place

for

the

Material

Related

Party

transactions.

Actual

transactions were reviewed by the Audit Committee on a

quarterly basis. The details of the same are provided in Note

40 to the Financial Statements.:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the Management of the Company. My responsibility is to express

an opinion on these secretarial records based on my audit. Due to nationwide lock down on account of the continuing

Covid-19 pandemic, I was not able to physically examine and verify certain information. However, in such cases, I verified

the records based on authenticated soft copies of documents furnished by the Company.

2.

I have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness

of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected

in secretarial records. I believe that the processes and practices, I followed provide a reasonable basis for my opinion.

3.

I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of accounts of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, I have obtained the Management Representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations

and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility

of Management. My examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Neena Bhatia

Practicing Company Secretary

Place : Mumbai

Membership No. FCS 9492

Date : June 8, 2020

Certificate of Practice No. 2661

I further report that :

The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted

with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive

Directors and Independent Directors.

Adequate notice is given to all Directors to schedule the

Board Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on agenda were

sent at least seven days in advance and a system exists for

seeking and obtaining further information and clarifications

on the agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful

participation at the meeting.

Decision is carried through Majority while the dissenting

member’s views, if any are captured and recorded as part

of the minutes.

I further report that there are adequate systems and

processes in the Company commensurate with the size and

operations of the Company to monitor and ensure compliance

with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.

I further report that during the audit period there was

no other events/actions having major bearing on the

Company’s affairs.

This report is to be read with my: letter of even date which is

annexed as Annexure and forms integral part of this report.

Neena Bhatia

Practicing Company Secretary

Place : Mumbai

Membership No. FCS 9492

Date : June 8, 2020

Certificate of Practice No. 2661

UDIN : F009492B000323971

Managing Director, Whole-time Directors and/or Manager

(` in Lakhs)

Sr.

No.

Particulars of Remuneration

Name of MD/WTD

Total

Amount

Ambati Venu: Managing

Managing Director and Whole-time Director

(` in Lakhs)

Sr.

No.

Particulars of Remuneration

Krupa Anandpara

Company Secretary

1

Gross salary

(a) Salary as per provisions contained in section 17(1) of the Income-tax Act, 1961

63

(b) Value of perquisites u/s 17(2) Income-tax Act, 1961*

11

(c) Profits in lieu of salary under section 17(3) Income tax Act, 1961

-

2

Stock Option

-

3

Sweat Equity

-

4

Commission

- as % of profit

-

- others

-

5

Others

Contribution to Provident Fund

3

Total

77

*The Company does not have any Stock Option Plan for its employees. However, above KMP is entitled to Stock Option of Abbott

Laboratories, USA under its “Incentive Stock Option Program” and is also eligible to purchase shares of Abbott Laboratories,

USA, under its “Affiliate Employee Stock Purchase Plan”, the perquisite value of which is included above.

VII. Penalties/Punishment/Compounding of Offences

Type

Section of the

Companies Act

Brief Description

Details of Penalty/Punishment

/Compounding fees imposed

Authority

[RD/NCLT /

COURT]

Appeal made,

if any

A. COMPANY

Penalty

NIL

Punishment

Compounding

B. DIRECTORS

Penalty

NIL

Punishment

Compounding

C. OTHER OFFICERS IN DEFAULT

Penalty

NIL

Punishment

Compounding:

Managing Director effective close of business hours on February 29, 2020.

^ appointed as Independent Director effective April 1, 2019

% appointed as Independent Director effective October 29, 2019

ii.

The percentage increase in the median remuneration of employees in the financial year :

0.6%

iii. Number of permanent employees on the rolls of the Company :

3,551

iv. Average percentile increase made in the salaries of employees other than managerial personnel in the last financial

year and its comparison with the percentile increase in the managerial remuneration and justification thereof :

Average percentage increase made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel in the financial year

2019-20 is 2.3% vis-a-vis 9.5% in managerial remuneration. This is due to change in employee mix though average merit

increase given to employees is in the range of 8% to 11%.

v.

It is affirmed that the remuneration paid to Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and other Employees is as per

the Remuneration Policy of the Company.:

Managing Director

(b) Details of BR Head :

Particulars

Company Information

Director Identification Number

08753233

Name

Anil Joseph

Designation: Managing

Managing Director

effective July 1, 2020): Managing

Managing Director

(effective July 1, 2020)

Mr Joseph has diversified experience mainly in driving revenue and income growth; business

turnaround and managing emerging markets. He has exposure in Sales & Marketing and General

Management. Besides, having managed both Developed and Emerging Markets, he holds exposure in/

different countries and market types.

He holds expertise in Sales & Marketing and Strategy Development in managing growth and sustaining

success.:

Managing Director/Commercial Directors/

Function Heads at the Board Meetings to apprise the

Directors with the Company’s business strategies, long term

plans, budgets, operations and performance, relevant legal/

regulatory updates in the laws and regulations applicable to

the Company. In addition, these presentations also provide

insights into various growth opportunities for the Company,

operational and environmental challenges associated

with

the

Company’s

business

operations,

products,

Management’s risk mitigation plans, human resources and

CSR updates, etc.

The Directors are regularly briefed on the Company’s policies

and procedures, with regard to distribution channels, business

model, cash and treasury management, accounting systems

and internal financial controls, etc. Plant visit is arranged

for the Directors to acquaint them with the manufacturing

process and the products manufactured in-house.

The Company also arranges various knowledge dissemination

sessions by external faculties and shares various industry

reports to keep the Directors updated with the current

happenings, relevant news and legal/regulatory changes.

Details of the programs conducted by the Company for the

financial year 2019-20 are available on the website of the Company

at https ://www.abbott.co.in/investor-relations/policies.html

MEETING OF INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS

In terms of requirements of the Companies Act, 2013, Rules

framed thereunder and Regulation 25(3) of the Securities and

Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 2 meetings of Independent

Directors were held on May 27, 2019 and August 8, 2019

during the financial year 2019-20. The said Meetings were

attended by all the Independent Directors.

AUDIT COMMITTEE

The composition, role, terms of reference as well as powers of

the Audit Committee of the Company are in compliance with

the provisions of Section 177 of the Companies Act, 2013 and

Regulation 18 of the Securities and Exchange Board of

India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015. All the members of the Audit Committee

are financially literate.

Composition :

The Committee comprises 3 Independent Directors and 1

Non-Executive Director as on the date of this Report.

The composition of the Audit Committee, category of its

Members, their attendance at the Committee Meetings held

during the year under review is given below :

Sr.

No.

Name of the

Member

Category

Number of Meetings

2019-20

Held

Attended

1.

Ms Anisha

Motwani

Chairperson

Independent

Director

4

4

2.

Mr Munir

Shaikh

Non-Executive

Director

4

4

(attended

1 meeting

via video

conferencing)

3.

Mr Sudarshan

Jain

Independent

Director

4

4

4.

Ms Shalini

Kamath1

Independent

Director

4

2

5.

Mr Krishna

Mohan Sahni2

Independent

Director

4

2

1.

appointed as Member effective October 29, 2019.

2.

ceased to be Member effective close of business hours on

October 28, 2019.

Ms Krupa Anandpara, Company Secretary is the Secretary

of the Committee.

Role :

The role of the Committee includes :

•

oversight of the Company’s financial reporting process

and the disclosure of its financial information to ensure

that

the

financial

statements

are

correct,

sufficient and credible;

•

recommendation for appointment, remuneration and

terms of appointment of auditors of the Company;

•

approval of payment to statutory auditors for any other

services rendered by them;

•

reviewing, with the management, the annual financial

statements

and

auditor’s

report

thereon

before

submission

to

the

Board

for

approval,

with

particular reference to :

a.

matters required to be included in the Directors’

Responsibility Statement to be included in the

Board’s Report in terms of clause (c) of sub-section 3

of Section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013;

b.

changes, if any, in accounting policies and practices

and reasons for the same;:

Managing Director effective

February 29, 2020)

Mr Rajiv Sonalker

CFO and Whole-time Director

Period of appointment

5 years

2 years

Date of appointment

September 29, 2016

August 8, 2017

Salary and Other Allowances

2,78

1,85

Perquisites

3,31

83

Contribution to Provident Fund

12

11

Contribution to Superannuation Fund

1

-

Performance Linked Incentive

93

51

Notice Period

Three Months

Three Months

Severance Fees

There is no separate provision for payment of severance fees.

Stock Option*

NIL

*The Company does not have any Stock Option Plan for its employees. However, above Executive Directors are entitled to Stock Option of Abbott

Laboratories, USA under its “Incentive Stock Option Program” and are also eligible to purchase shares of Abbott Laboratories, USA, under its “Affiliate

Employee Stock Purchase Plan”, the perquisite value of which is included above.

The amount of performance bonus/commission payable to the: Managing

Managing Director and the Company has only one

reportable business segment i.e. ‘Pharmaceuticals’:

Managing Director effective close of business hours

on February 29, 2020)

Mr. Munir Shaikh, Chairman

Mr. Rajiv Sonalker, Whole-Time Director

Mr. Krishna Mohan Sahni, Independent Director (ceased to be the Director effective close of business hours on

October 28, 2019)

Ms. Anisha Motwani, Independent Director (w.e.f. April 25, 2018)

Mr. Rajendra Shah, Independent Director (ceased to be the Director effective close of business hours on

March 31, 2019)

Mr. Sudarshan Jain, Independent Director (w.e.f. April 1, 2019)

Ms. Shalini Kamath, Independent Director (w.e.f. October 29, 2019)

C)

Transactions during the year :

I)

Transactions with the Holding Company during the year

For the year ended

March 31, 2020

For the year ended

March 31, 2019

Abbott Capital India Ltd., UK

Remittance of dividend

69,67.41

58,95.50

(All amounts in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated):

Managing Director effective close of business hours on

February 29, 2020)

7,14.73

6,50.75

Mr. Rajiv Sonalker, Whole-Time Director

3,29.82

3,04.76

*During the year, as a part of the ‘Long-term Incentive Program’, Restricted Stock Units of Abbott

Laboratories, USA carrying perquisite value of ` 3,64.49 Lakhs (March 31, 2019 : ` 2,69.88 Lakhs) have

been granted to the above employees. Also refer Note 37 (b).

Also, provision for post employment benefits as contribution to gratuity fund, leave encashment on

retirement and other defined benefits which are made based on actuarial valuation on an overall company

basis are not included in remuneration to key management personnel.

xi)

Non-Executive, Other Directors’ sitting fees :

For the year ended

March 31, 2020

For the year ended

March 31, 2019

Mr. Munir Shaikh, Chairman

10.50

15.00

Mr. Rajendra Shah, Independent Director (ceased to be the

Director effective close of business hours on March 31, 2019)

-

16.00

Mr. Krishna Mohan Sahni, Independent Director (ceased to be

the Director effective close of business hours on October 28, 2019)

9.00

14.50

Ms. Anisha Motwani, Independent Director (w.e.f. April 25, 2018)

13.50

13.00

Mr. Sudarshan Jain, Independent Director (w.e.f. April 1, 2019)

12.00

-

Ms. Shalini Kamath, Independent Director (w.e.f. October 29, 2019)

5.50

-

D)

Outstanding :

As at

March 31, 2020

As at

March 31, 2019

Trade payable to fellow subsidiaries (Refer Note 19)

Abbott Products Operations AG., Switzerland

86,30.69

109,66.44

Abbott Healthcare Private Ltd., India

14,69.88

18,05.45

Alere Medical Private Limited, India

-

3.88

Abbott Laboratories (Singapore) Pte Ltd., Singapore

2.74

-

101,03.31

127,75.77

Lease Liabilities to fellow subsidiary (Refer Note 41)

Abbott Healthcare Private Ltd., India

133,17.75

-

133,17.75

-

(All amounts in ` Lakhs, unless otherwise stated):

Managing Director

To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without

modification(s), the following resolution as an Ordinary

Resolution :

RESOLVED That in accordance with the provisions of

Sections 196, 197, 203 and all other applicable provisions,

if any, read with Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013

and Rules framed thereunder (including any statutory

modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time

being in force) (“the Act”), read with Article 133 of the

Articles of Association of the Company and subject to

approval of the Central Government and such other

approvals, as may be necessary, consent of the Company

be and is hereby accorded to the appointment of

Mr Anil Joseph (DIN : 08753233) as the Managing

Director, not liable to retire by rotation, for a period of 5

(five) years with effect from July 1, 2020, on such terms

and conditions including remuneration as set out in

the Explanatory Statement annexed to the Notice, with

liberty to the Board of Directors (hereinafter referred to

as “the Board” which term shall include the Nomination

and Remuneration Committee of the Board) to alter and

vary the terms and conditions of the said appointment

and/or remuneration as it may deem fit.

RESOLVED Further That the Board be and is hereby

authorized to do all acts and take all such steps as may

be necessary, proper or expedient to give effect to this

resolution.

10. Approval of transactions/contracts/arrangements

with Related Party

To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without

modification(s), the following resolution as an Ordinary

Resolution :

RESOLVED That pursuant to the provisions of

Regulation 23 of the Securities and Exchange Board of

India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time, (“the

Listing Regulations”), consent of the Company, be and is

hereby accorded to the Audit Committee/Board of

Directors

to

enter

into

transactions/contracts/

arrangements with Abbott Healthcare Private Limited,

[a ‘Related Party’ as per the provisions of the Companies

Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and the Listing Regulations], in the

ordinary course of its business and on arm’s length basis,

for purchase and sale of products; goods; raw materials;

active

pharmaceutical

ingredients;

stock-in-trade,

availing or rendering of services, reimbursement of

expenses, recovery of cost, rent payments, buying/leasing

of property, lending or borrowing of monies (as may be

permissible under the applicable provisions of the Act) or

such other transactions on such terms and conditions as

may be mutually agreed upon between the Company and

the Related Party for an amount not exceeding ` 800

Crore (Rupees Eight Hundred Crores) in each financial

year for a period of 5 (five) years upto the financial

year 2024-25.:

letter, etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly

authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to

the Scrutinizer by e-mail to cstaizoonkhumri@gmail.com

with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in

2.

It is strongly recommended not to share your password

with any other person and take utmost care to keep your

password confidential. Login to the e-voting website

will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key

in the correct password. In such an event, you will need

to go through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or

“Physical User Reset Password?” option available on

www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

3.

In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently

Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-voting

user manual for Shareholders available at the download

section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll free

no. : 1800-222-990 or write to Ms Sarita Mote – Assistant

Manager

at

SaritaM@nsdl.co.in/evoting@nsdl.co.in/

+ 91 22 2499 4890/National Securities Depository Limited,

Trade World, `A’ Wing, 4th Floor, Kamala Mills Compound,

Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai - 400 013.

Part D : Instructions for voting by the Members at

Meeting attended through VC/OAVM :

1.

Only those Members, who will be present in the Meeting

through VC/OAVM facility and have not casted their

vote on the Resolutions through remote e-voting and are

otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to

vote through e-voting system in the Meeting.

2.

Members who have voted through Remote e-voting will

be eligible to attend the Meeting. However, they will not

be eligible to vote at the Meeting.

3.

The Members may connect with Ms Sarita Mote –

Assistant Manager - NSDL at evoting@nsdl.co.in for

any grievances/concerns relating to e-voting during the

Meeting.

Part E : Instructions for registration of Email address :

The Members whose email addresses are not registered with

the Company are requested to do so by following the process

given below :

-

In case shares are held in physical mode, please provide

Folio No., Name of the shareholder, scanned copy of the

share certificate (front and back), PAN (self-attested

scanned copy), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy) by

email to investorrelations.india@abbott.com

-

In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide

DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary

ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated

Account

statement,

PAN

(self-attested

scanned

copy), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy) to

investorrelations.india@abbott.com

-

Post successful registration of the email address, the

Member would get soft copy of the Notice and the

procedure for e-voting along with the User ID and

the Password to enable e-voting for this Meeting.

In case of any queries, Member may write to

investorrelations.india@abbott.com:

letter of appointment of Ms Kamath containing terms of

her appointment, is available for inspection by Members on

the website of the Company at www.abbott.co.in

None of the Directors and/or Key Managerial Personnel of the

Company and their relatives, except Ms Kamath, is concerned

or interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolution set out

at Item No. 6.

The Board recommends the resolution set forth in Item No. 6

for the approval of Members as an Ordinary Resolution.

Item No. 7

Mr Ambati Venu (DIN : 07614849) served as the Managing

Director of the Company for over three and half years upto

February 29, 2020. He has been elevated to a new role within

the Abbott Group in India effective March 1, 2020.

The Board, with a view to continue to leverage extensive

experience held by Mr Ambati in the areas of pharmaceuticals

and his deep understanding and knowledge about the

Company’s operations and based on recommendation of the

Nomination and Remuneration Committee, appointed him as

Additional Director of the Company effective March 1, 2020,

as per the provisions of Section 161 of the Companies Act, 2013

and Rules framed thereunder (“the Act”) read with Article 113

of the Articles of Association of the Company. He holds office

upto the date of this Annual General Meeting.

Mr Ambati has given his consent to act as a Director of the

Company. Also, as per confirmation received from him,

he is not disqualified from being appointed as a Director in

terms of Section 164 of the Companies Act, 2013.

The Company has received a notice in writing under

Section 160 of the Act, from a Member proposing the

candidature of Mr Ambati for the office of Director of the

Company.

Prior to joining the Company in September 2016, Mr Ambati

held over 24 years of extensive experience in consumer

goods and OTC products with GlaxoSmithKline Consumer

Healthcare Limited (GSK Consumer) in various leadership

positions across the Indian sub-continent, Middle East, North

Africa and Asia. His last role till September 2015 was Regional

Vice President & General Manager–Asia, GSK Consumer.

Mr Ambati holds strong business acumen and the ability

honed in both developed and emerging markets. Having

worked in various regions since joining GSK Consumer

in 1992, one of his strongest assets is his ability to excel

within diverse socio-cultural environments. Prior to his Asia

appointment, he was the Vice President & General Manager

for Middle East & North Africa where he spearheaded

commercial operations across seventeen countries in one of

the company’s fastest growing and most complex business

environments.

Mr Ambati is an alumnus of the Indian Institute of

Management, Ahmedabad and has a Bachelor’s degree in

Engineering (Mechanical) from the University of Bhopal.

The additional details of Mr Ambati as required under

Regulation 36(3) of the Securities and Exchange Board of

India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 and the Secretarial Standards issued by the

Institute of Company Secretaries of India are set out in the

Annexure forming part of this Notice. He does not hold any

shares in the Company.

None of the Directors and/or Key Managerial Personnel of the

Company and their relatives, except Mr Ambati, is concerned

or interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolution set out

at Item No. 7.

The Board recommends the resolution set forth in Item No. 7

for the approval of Members as an Ordinary Resolution.

Item Nos. 8 and 9

The Board, based on the recommendation of the Nomination

and Remuneration Committee, appointed Mr Anil Joseph

(DIN : 08753233) as an Additional Director with effect from

July 1, 2020 in terms of Section 161 of the Companies Act, 2013

and Rules made thereunder (“the Act”) read with Article 113 of

the Articles of Association of the Company. He holds office up

to the date of this Annual General Meeting.

The Board, based on recommendation of the Nomination

and Remuneration Committee also appointed Mr Joseph as

the: Managing

Managing Director, the Company has no profits or

its profits are inadequate, the remuneration payable to

Mr Joseph shall be subject to the provisions of

Section 197 and Section II of Part II of Schedule V to the

Act, or any other law or enactment for the time being or

from time to time in force;

5.

Mr Joseph shall not directly or indirectly, engage himself

in any other business or occupation or employment

whatsoever, without the approval of the Board.

PROVIDED HOWEVER, that it shall be permissible to

Mr Joseph to hold share(s) of any other company(ies);

6.

So long as Mr Joseph functions as: Managing

