Dear Stakeholders,

Your wholehearted trust and support has always been the

single most important factor in our growth journey for all

these years. Our performance for this year is yet again a

vindication of that trust in our vision and capabilities.

It is a pleasure to share with you our performance for

2019-20. The year saw stellar performance on all fronts,

as we accomplished the highest-ever revenue as well as

profit in our history. This feat was achieved on the back

of strong double-digit growth in the US business. In a

largely volatile operating environment, our unflinching

commitment to deliver quality products, maintain highest

levels of compliance, drive manufacturing excellence and

augment our supply chain underscored this performance.

Steady increase in medicine spending

Global medicine spending is projected to increase by

2–5% annually and exceed $1.1 trillion in 2024 (Source:

IQVIA, Outlook to 2024, March 2020) with pharmerging

markets (including India) leading the way. India’s pharma

spends are estimated to reach $31-35 Billion by 2024,

growing at a CAGR of 8-11% between 2020 and 2024.

India is likely to become one of the top 10 countries in

terms of medicine spending over the next few years.

Favourable government policies to ensure access to

quality, affordable medicines to the masses, along with

rising instances of chronic therapies are the key growth

drivers of domestic pharma sector.

The year saw stellar

performance on

all fronts, as we

accomplished the

highest-ever revenue

as well as profit

in our history.

Chirayu Amin

Chairman & CEO

10

Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited:

Dear Stakeholders,

2019-20 was an exemplary year for us as we

accomplished our strongest ever financial performance

so far. This performance is a combined outcome of

our well-defined strategies, strong execution skills and

dedication of our people.

Pharma industry on stable turf

According to the IMF, global economic growth slowed

down from 3.6% in 2018 to 2.9% in 2019 (Source: IMF).

Rising trade tensions between the US and China,

possibility of a ‘no-deal’ Brexit and a slowdown in China

were some of the pressure points. Post the pandemic

breakout globally in the first quarter of 2020, world

economies were forced to lockdown. Consequently,

global economic output is likely to decline by 3% in 2020.

Global pharma industry remained stable in 2019. The

industry continued to witness competition. Improved

pace of ANDA approvals by the USFDA, though, provides

significant opportunities to the leading pharmaceutical

players. In 2020, leading companies around the globe

are moving swiftly to develop treatments aimed at

containing coronavirus.

Back home, the pharmaceutical industry remained

on firm footing during the year. Improved accessibility

to medicines, better purchasing power and rising

diagnosis of chronic diseases aided prospects of the

domestic industry.

Shaunak Amin: Managing

Managing Director

w

Mr. Pranav Amin is the Managing

Director of Alembic Pharmaceuticals

Ltd. and heads the International

Business Unit of the Organisation.

He joined the organisation in 2007

and took charge as a Managing

Director in 2016. A graduate in

Economics/Industrial Management

from the Carnegie Mellon

University in Pittsburgh, USA and

MBA in International Management

from Thunderbird, USA, he is a

great people leader and leads his

enterprise through involvement,

empowerment, and autonomy.

Mr. Chirayu Amin

Chairman & CEO

Mr. Chirayu Amin, the chairman of the

Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited, has

played a pivotal role in the growth of

the organisation. Being an MBA from

the United States, Mr. Amin has well

adapted to the changing needs of

modern day business while keeping

intact the legacy of more than 100

years. Along with being the chairman

of all Alembic Group businesses,

he also holds the trusteeship in the

hospital and schools, which are

under charitable trust.

Mr. Shaunak Amin: Managing

Managing Director of Transpek-Silox

Industry Pvt. Ltd. (TSIPL) in Year

2001. He has held key positions

in various trade bodies such as

Federation of Gujarat Industries (FGI)

- Vadodara, CII- Western Region and

Gujarat Safety Council. He is also

associated with various socio cultural

organisations as Trustee

Mr. K. G. Ramanathan

Independent Director

Mr. K. G. Ramanathan is a

postgraduate in Physics from

University of Madras and is a retired

IAS Officer. He has worked in

senior administrative positions with

the Government of Gujarat and

Government of India. He has wide

industrial experience particularly in

the fields of fertilizers, chemicals and

petrochemicals. Before his retirement

from government service, he was the

Chairman and: Managing Director of

Indian Petrochemicals Corporation

Limited (IPCL), a prestigious

petrochemical Company of India.

Mr. Ramanathan is the

Managing Director of the

Company, will retire by rotation at the ensuing Annual

General Meeting and being eligible offers himself for

re-appointment.

9.

Key Managerial Personnel:

Mr. Chirayu Amin, Executive Chairman & Chief

Executive Officer, Mr. Pranav Amin,: Managing

Managing Director nor the Whole-

time Directors of the Company have received

any remuneration or commission from any of

its subsidiaries.

e)

No significant or material orders were passed

by the Regulators or Courts or Tribunals which

impact the going concern status and Company’s

operations in future.

f)

No fraud has been reported by the Auditors to the

Audit Committee or the Board.

g)

The Company has complied with the provisions

relating to the constitution of Internal Complaints

Committee under the Sexual Harassment of

Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition

and Redressal) Act, 2013 to redress complaints

received regarding sexual harassment.

Board’s Report (Contd.):

Managing Director, Mr. Shaunak Amin,: Managing Director, Mr. R. K. Baheti, Director – Finance &

CFO and Mr. Charandeep Singh Saluja, Company Secretary)

after approval of the Board may amend or modify this

Policy in whole or in part, at any time.

On behalf of the Board of Directors,

Sd/-

Chirayu Amin

letter of even date

which is annexed as Appendix A and forms an integral part

of this report.

Annexure D (Contd.):

letter, that:

i.

Maintenance of Secretarial records and compliance of

the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws,

rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of the

management of the Company. Our examination was

limited to the verification and audit of procedures and

records on test basis. Our responsibility is to express an

opinion on these secretarial records and compliances

based on such verification and audit.

ii.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as

were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of Secretarial records.

The verification was done on test basis to ensure

that correct facts are reflected in Secretarial records

and we believe that the processes and practices we

followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

iii.

Wherever required, we have obtained the management

representation about the Compliance of laws, rules

and regulations and happening of events etc.

iv.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance

as to the future viability of the Company nor of the

efficacy or effectiveness with which the management

has conducted the affairs of the company.

Sd/-

S. Samdani

Partner

Samdani Shah & Kabra

Company Secretaries

FCS No. 3677

CP No. 2863

Place: Vadodara,

Date: May 22, 2020:

Managing Director

10,09,800

0.54

10,09,800

0.54

3.

Mr. Shaunak Amin,: Managing

Managing Director

1:0.00205

Mr. Shaunak Amin -: Managing Director

1:0.00205

Mr. R. K. Baheti - Director-Finance & CFO

1:0.00979

Percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer, Company Secretary

or Manager, if any, in the financial year

Name

% Increase /(Decrease)

Mr. Chirayu Amin -

letter of the law but

also in its spirit.

2.

Board of Directors

Composition of the Board

The Board of Directors consist of 3 Promoter Executive

Directors, 1 Professional Executive Director and 4

Independent Non-Executive Directors. The Chairman

of the Board is an Executive Director. As on 31st

March, 2020 and on the date of this report, the Board

meets the requirement of having at least one woman

director and not less than 50% of the Board strength

comprising of Non-Executive Directors as 4 out of 8

Directors are Non-Executive Independent Directors

including 1 Woman Director.

Number of Board Meetings held and the dates of the

Board Meetings

Six (6) Board Meetings were held during the year

ended 31st March, 2020 on 8th May, 2019, 12th June,

2019, 29th July, 2019, 24th October, 2019, 22nd January,

2020 and 6th March, 2020. The time gap between

any two meetings was not exceeding one hundred

and twenty days.

Details of composition and category of Directors, attendance at the Board Meetings, Annual General Meeting and

shareholding of each Director

Name of the Director

Category

No. of Board

Meetings held &

attended during

the Financial Year

Attendance at the

last AGM

No. of Equity

shares held in the

Company#

Mr. Chirayu Amin, Chairman & CEO

Promoter Executive

5 out of 6

Yes

45,21,465$

Mr. Pranav Amin,: Managing

Managing Director

5 years w.e.f. 1st April, 2016

6.00

5.00

8.50

19.50

Mr. Shaunak Amin,: Managing

Managing Director

(b)

Details of the BR head

No.

Particulars

Details

1.

DIN Number

00245099

2.

Name

Mr. Pranav Amin

3.

Designation: Managing

Managing Director and BR Head

(DIN: 00245099)

Business Responsibility Report (Contd.):

Managing Director

3

Mr. Shaunak Amin: Managing

Managing Director

3

Mr. Shaunak Amin: Managing

letter etc.

with attested specimen signature of the duly

authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized

to vote, through its registered Email Id to the

Scrutinizer at cssamdani@gmail.com with a copy

marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in.

ii.

It is strongly recommended not to share your

password with any other person and take utmost

care to keep your password confidential. Login

to the e-voting website will be disabled upon

five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct

password. In such an event, you will need to go

through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or

Notice (Contd.):

letter etc. authorizing its

representative to attend the AGM through VC /

OAVM on its behalf. The said Resolution / Authority: letter shall be send through its registered Email Id

to the Scrutinizer at cssamdani@gmail.com with

a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in.

ii.

Facility of joining the AGM through VC / OAVM

shall open 15 minutes before the time scheduled

for the AGM and will be available for Members on

first come first served basis.

iii.

Members who would like to express their views or ask

questions during the AGM may register themselves

as a speaker by sending their request from their

registered Email Id mentioning their name, DP ID

and Client ID / Folio No., PAN, Mobile No. to the

Company at apl.investors@alembic.co.in from 13th

July, 2020 to 17th July, 2020. Those Members who

have registered themselves as a speaker will only

be allowed to express their views / ask questions

during the AGM. The Company reserves the right to

restrict the number of speakers depending on the

availability of time for the AGM.

iv.

Members who need assistance before or during the

AGM, can contact on evoting@nsdl.co.in / 1800-

222-990 or contact Mr. Amit Vishal, Senior Manager,

NSDL at amitv@nsdl.co.in / +91 22 24994360 /

+91 9920264780 or Mr. Sagar Ghosalkar, Assistant

Manager, NSDL at sagar.ghosalkar@nsdl.co.in / +91

22 24994553 / +91 9326781467.

12. Recommendation to the Members:

It is recommended to join the AGM through laptop for

better experience. You are requested to use internet

with a good speed to avoid any disturbance during

the meeting. Members connecting from mobile

devices or tablets or through laptop connecting via

mobile hotspot may experience audio / video loss

due to fluctuation in their data network. It is therefore

recommended to use stable wi-fi or wired connection

to mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.

By Order of the Board,

Sd/-

Charandeep Singh Saluja

Company Secretary

Date: 22nd May, 2020

