letter, the new product approvals from these facilities are on

hold until the facilities get cleared by USFDA. The remediation work at these facilities have advanced significantly during

the course of the year 2019-20.

•

Upgradation of the liquid facility at Levittown, US is progressing well and expected to be ready by Q2 of the year 2020-21.

•

Strengthened product pipeline by filing 12 ANDAs. We now have a total of 48 ANDAs pending approval and 6 tentative

approvals.

4.

Germany business:

•

Torrent continues to be 5th largest generic company and no.1 Indian Pharmaceutical Company in Germany.

•

During the second half of the year, the company faced temporary delays in releasing the products to market due to

upgradation of its quality management processes.

•

Torrent continues to expand its market coverage through new launches and gain in tender as well as non-tender

business.

5.

Financial performance:

•

EBITDA margin is 29% for the year compared to 26% in the previous year.

•

Leverage (Net Debt-to-EBITDA) reduced to 2.22x as of 31st March, 2020 compared to 2.37x as of 31st March, 2019.:

letter along with necessary documents, reports and internal policies to enable them to familiarise with the

Company’s procedures and practices. The Company endeavours, through presentations at regular intervals, to familiarise the

Independent Directors with the strategy, operations and functioning of the Company and also with changes in the regulatory

environment having a significant impact on the operations of the Company and the pharmaceutical industry as a whole. Site

visits to various plant locations and CSR sites get organized for the Directors to enable them to understand the operations

of and CSR activities carried out by the Company. The Independent Directors also meet with senior management team of

the Company in informal gatherings. During the year 2019-20, the Company has conducted 12 programs for familiarising the

Directors for a total duration of 9 hours 50 minutes.

On cumulative basis since 1st April, 2015, the Company has conducted 60 programs for familiarising the Directors for a total

duration of 52 hours and 45 minutes.

The details of such familiarisation programs for Independent Directors are posted on the website of the Company and can be

accessed at http://www.torrentpharma.com/pdf/cms/Familiarization_Programme_2019-20.pdf

(f)

Board evaluation

The Evaluation of Board, its Committees, Individual Directors (Independent and Non Independent Directors) and Chairperson

was carried out as per the process and criteria laid down by the Board of Directors based on the recommendation of the NRC:

•

The obtaining and consolidation of feedback from all directors for the evaluation of the Board and its Committees and

Individual Directors (i.e. Independent and Non Independent Directors) were co-ordinated by the Chairman of the Board.

The feedback on evaluation of the Board and its Committees was discussed in their respective meetings and the

feedback on the evaluation of Individual Directors was discussed individually with them.

•

The evaluation of Chairperson was co-ordinated by the Chairman of the Independent Directors meeting.

•

The Independent Directors met on 27th January, 2020 with respect to the above process.

(g) Key managerial personnel

There was no change in the Key Managerial Personnel during the year under review other than the directors as already

captured in this report.

(h) directors’ responsibility statement

In terms of Section134(3)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013, in relation to financial statements of the Company for the year

ended 31st March, 2020, the Board of Directors state that:

i.

the applicable Accounting Standards have been followed in preparation of the financial statements and there are no

material departures from the said standards;

ii.

reasonable and prudent accounting policies have been used in preparation of the financial statements and that they

have been consistently applied and that reasonable and prudent judgments and estimates have been made in respect

of items not concluded by the year end, so as to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company as at

31st March, 2020 and of the profit for the year ended on that date;:

Managing Director, Whole-time directors,

Independent Directors and other non-executive Directors) and other employees (under senior management cadre and

management cadre). The Policy has been formulated with the following key objectives:

•

To ensure that employee remuneration is in alignment with business strategy & objectives, organisation values and

long-term interests of the organisation.

•

To ensure objectivity, fairness and transparency in determination of employees remuneration.

•

To ensure the level and composition of remuneration are reasonable and sufficient to attract, retain and motivate a high

performance workforce and are in compliance with all applicable laws.

It covers various heads of remuneration including benefits for Directors and employees. It also covers the process followed

with respect to annual performance reviews and variables considered for revision in the remuneration. The said Policy is

available on the website of the Company www.torrentpharma.com.

(b) Criteria for remuneration to non-executive directors (neds):

1.

The payment of commission to the Directors of the Company who are neither in the whole time employment nor: Managing

Letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure “A” and forms an integral part of this report.:

Letter;

1.

Maintenance of Secretarial Record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express

an opinion on Secretarial Records based on our Audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness

of the contents of the Secretarial Records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in

Secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

In the situation of COVID-19 pandemic and resultant lockdown, we have conducted the Secretarial Audit based upon the

online documents / information provided by and discussion with the management without personal visit to the Company’s

premises.

4.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of accounts of the Company.

5.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management Representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations

and happening of events etc.

6.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of

the management. Our examination was limited to the verification of the procedures on test basis.

7.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness

with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Ahmedabad

26th May, 2020

for m. C. Gupta & Co,

Company Secretaries

UCN: S1986GJ003400

Mahesh C. Gupta

Proprietor

FCS: 2047 (CP: 1028)

UDIN: F002047B000280666:

letter dated 3rd September, 2018 and addendum to

engagement: letter dated 15th May, 2020.

2.

We have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by Torrent Pharmaceuticals Limited (‘the

Company’) for the year ended 31st March, 2020, as stipulated in in regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) of Regulation 46(2)

and paragraphs C, D and E of Schedule V of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time (“Listing Regulations”), pursuant to the Listing Agreement of

the Company with the National Stock Exchange Limited and the Bombay Stock Exchange Limited (collectively referred to as

the ‘Stock exchanges’).

management’s responsibility for compliance with the conditions of Listing regulations

3.

The Company’s management is responsible for compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance including the preparation

and maintenance of all the relevant supporting records and documents as stipulated under the Listing Regulations. This

responsibility includes the design, implementation and maintenance of Corporate Governance process relevant to the

compliance of conditions. This also includes collecting, collating, and validating data and designing, implementing and

monitoring of Corporate Governance process suitable for ensuring compliance with the above-mentioned Listing Regulations.

auditor’s responsibility

4.

Our examination was limited to procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring the compliance

of the conditions of the Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial statements

of the Company.

5.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Listing Regulations, it is our responsibility to provide a reasonable assurance whether the

Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in Listing Regulations for the year ended

31st March, 2020.

6.

We conducted our examination of the above corporate governance compliance by the Company as per Guidance Note on

Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes (Revised 2016), Guidance Note on Certification of Corporate Governance both

issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (“the ICAI”) and Standards on Auditing specified under Section 143(10) of

the Companies Act, 2013, in so far as applicable for the purpose of this certificate. The Guidance Note on Reports of Certificates

for Special Purposes requires that we comply with the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.

7.

We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control

for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance and Related Services

Engagements

opinion

8.

In our opinion, and to the best of our information and according to explanation given to us, we certify that the Company has

complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the above-mentioned Listing Regulations.

9.

We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or effectiveness

with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

restriction on use

10. The certificate is addressed and provided to the members of the Company solely for the purpose to enable the Company to

comply with the requirement of the Listing Regulations, and it should not be used by any other person or for any other purpose.

Accordingly, we do not accept or assume any liability or any duty of care for any other purpose or to any other person to whom

this certificate is shown or into whose hands it may come without our prior consent in writing.

Mumbai

26th May, 2020

for B s r & Co. LLp

Chartered Accountants

Firm’s Registration No: 101248W/W-100022

Jamil Khatri

Partner

Membership No: 102527

ICAI UDIN: 20102527AAAAAU8465

managing director, Whole-time directors and / or manager:

(` In lacs)

sr.

no.

particulars of remuneration

name of md / Wtd / manager

total amount

shri samir

mehta

shri Jinesh

shah*

dr. Chaitanya

dutt

1

Gross Salary

(a) Salary as per provisions contained in Section

17(1) of the Income-tax Act, 1961

-

234.12

801.60

1035.72

(b) Value of perquisites under Section 17(2)

Income-tax Act, 1961$

0.40

0.19

0.40

0.99

(c) Profits in lieu of salary under Section 17(3)

Income-tax Act, 1961

-

-

-

-

2

Stock Option

-

-

-

-

3

Sweat Equity

-

-

-

-

4

Commission

- as % of profit

-

-

-

-

- others specify (Note - 1)

2000.00

-

-

2000.00

5

Others, please specify

Provident Fund

-

23.41

60.12

83.53

Superannuation

-

1.00

-

1.00

Total (A)

2000.40

258.72

862.12

3121.24

Ceiling as per the Act (5% of the Net Profit)

5515.30

5515.30

5515.30

Cumulative Ceiling as per the Act (10% of the

Net Profit)

11030.60

* Appointed as Director w.e.f 1st August, 2019

$ Also entitled for group personal accident and group mediclaim policy.

Note - 1: As recommended by Nomination and Remuneration Committee and decided by the Board of Directors.:

