director's level of

day-to-day responsibility and activity. These executive directors' packages are not linked to the

performance of the Company and directors do not participate in any share incentive schemes.

·

Contracts do not allow for balloon payments on termination or severance compensation due to

any change in control.

·

Wages that are fair, equitable and industry related are offered and performance to the stated

goals are measured, reported, reviewed and rewarded.

·

No discrimination of any kind inuences remuneration decisions.

(iii)

Implementation Report

Details of remuneration, fees and other benets earned by directors in the past year are disclosed in note

27 to the annual nancial statements.

The fees payable to non-executive directors are structured on a per meeting basis and the proposed fees

for the forthcoming year are set in the notice of AGM. The current non-executive director fees as

th

approved by shareholders at the 27 January 2021 AGM, are set out below.:

letter of

representation from your Central Securities Depository Participant (CSDP) or broker or nominee

(as the case may be); or

·

if you do not wish to attend the AGM but would like your vote to be recorded at the meeting,

you should contact your CSDP or broker or nominee (as the case may be) and furnish them with

your voting instructions; and

·

you must not complete the attached proxy form.

Electronic Participation at the AGM

In accordance with the provisions of section 61(10) of the Companies Act, the Company intends to make

provision for shareholders and their proxies to participate in the AGM by way of Microsoft Teams video

conference call. Shareholders wishing to do so:



·

must contact the Company Secretary at +27 11 480 8500 (and speak to either Doris Shabangu or

Cidalina Rodrigues) by not later than 10:00 on Monday, 6 December 2021, to obtain a

password/link for the conference call;

·

will be required to provide reasonably satisfactory identication;

·

will be billed separately by their own telephone service providers for the telephone call to

participate in the meeting.

·

must lodge a completed proxy form(s) in accordance with the attendance and voting

instructions detailed above. Please note that no changes to voting instructions after this time and

date can be accepted unless the Chairman of the meeting is satised as to the identication of

the electronic participant.

Purpose of the meeting

The purpose of the meeting is to present to the shareholders of the Company;

· the Group audited nancial statements for the nancial year ended 30 June 2021;

· the directors' report;

· the report of the Audit Committee; and

· to deal with any other business that may lawfully be dealt with at the AGM, and to consider and, if

deemed t, to pass, with or without modication, the resolutions set out below:

General

Shareholders are reminded that:

· a shareholder entitled to attend and vote at the AGM is entitled to appoint a proxy (or more than

one proxy) to attend, participate in and vote at the AGM in the place of the shareholder, and

shareholders are referred to the form of proxy attached to this notice in this regard;

· a proxy need not also be a shareholder of the Company; and

· in terms of section 63(1) of the Companies Act, any person attending or participating in an AGM

of shareholders must present reasonably satisfactory identication and the person presiding at

the AGM must reasonably satised that the right of any person to participate in and vote (whether

as shareholder or as proxy for a shareholder) has been reasonably veried. A bar-coded

identication document issued by the South African Department of Home Affairs, a driver's

licence or a valid passport will be accepted as sufcient identication.

Report from Social and Ethics Committee

In accordance with Regulation 43(5)(c) of the Companies Act, the chairman of the Social and Ethics

Committee, or in his absence, any member of that Committee, will be available to present Committee's

report to shareholders at the AGM, which written report is contained in the Integrated Report.:

Director's Report, the Independent External Auditor's Report and the Audit Committee Report, be and

are hereby received and accepted.”

Explanatory note: Ordinary resolution number 1

Ordinary resolution 1 is proposed to receive and accept the audited annual nancial statements for the

year ended 30 June 2021, including the Directors' Report, the Independent External Auditor's Report, the

Audit Committee Report in accordance with section 61(8) of the Companies Act, 71 of 2008 (“Companies

Act”).

In order for this resolution to be adopted, the support of more than 50% of the voting rights exercised on the

resolution by shareholders present or represented by proxy of the AGM and entitled to exercise voting rights

on the resolution is required.

Ordinary resolution number 2 – Director retirement and re-election

“RESOLVED THAT Mr MS Appelgryn, who retires in accordance with the provisions of the Company's

memorandum of incorporation (“MOI”), but being eligible offers himself for re-election, be and hereby is re-

elected as a director of the Company.”

Mr MS Appelgryn's curriculum vitae is set out on page 101 of the Integrated Report to which this notice is

attached.

Explanatory note Ordinary resolution number 2:

In terms of the Company's MOI, at the AGM, at least one-third of the non-executive directors must retire by

rotation and the directors to so retire shall be those who have been longest in the ofce since their last

election.

In order for this resolution to be adopted, the support of more than 50% of the voting rights exercised on this

resolution by shareholders present or represented by proxy at the AGM and entitled to exercise voting rights

on the resolution is required.

Ordinary resolution number 3 – Re-appointment and remuneration of the Independent External Auditors

“RESOLVED THAT, in line with the recommendation made by the Audit Committee, the re-appointment of

SAB&T Chartered Accountants Inc. as the Independent External Auditors of the Group for the year ending

30 June 2022, with Ms S Mahomed as the designated registered auditor at partner status and the

authorisation of the Audit Committee to determine the Independent External Auditors remuneration be and

is hereby approved.”

Explanatory note: Ordinary resolution number 3

Section 90 (1) of the Companies Act requires the Company to appoint an auditor each year at its AGM. The

Audit Committee has satised itself as to the independence of SAB&T Chartered Accountants Inc. and

considered whether they comply with the requirements of section 90 (2) and (3) of the Companies Act and

section 22 of the Listings Requirements of the JSE Limited (“JSE”) (“JSE Listings Requirements”) and the Board

considered and accepted these ndings. SAB&T Chartered Accountants Inc. has indicated its willingness to

continue as the Company's auditor until the next AGM.

The remuneration paid to the auditors during the period ended 30 June 2021 is set out in note18.

In order for this resolution to be adopted, the support of more than 50% of the voting rights exercised on the

resolution by shareholders present or represented by proxy at the AGM and entitled to exercise voting rights

on the resolution is required.:

