Managing Director for the

Animal Feeds Division of Astral in July 2004, where he was responsible for Meadow Feeds Southern Africa, as well

as various other service-related business units within the Astral Group. Chris was appointed as a director to the

Board of Astral in August 2005 and as CEO of Astral on 1 May 2009.

External appointments: None

Daniel Dirk Ferreira (65)

(Chief Financial Officer) BCom, BCompt (Hons), CA(SA)

Appointed 1 May 2009

Experience: Daan was employed by ICS Group Ltd (ICS) before the acquisition of ICS by Tiger Brands Ltd, where

he held positions in operational, financial management, tax management, project management and later as

Group Financial Manager. He later joined Genfood (Pty) Ltd for two years before joining Astral in February 2001

as Group Financial Manager. He was appointed as CFO in May 2009.

External appointments: None

Gary Desmond Arnold (49)

(Group Chief Operating Officer) BSc Agric (Hons), MSc Agric, MBA, Pr.Sci.Nat.

Appointed 1 May 2012 as an Executive Director

Appointed 1 October 2021 as Group Chief Operating Officer

Experience: Gary started his career in 1997 as Animal Nutritionist for Meadow Feeds Delmas and Meadow Feeds

Welkom. In 1998 he was appointed as the Technical Manager for Meadow Feeds Delmas and in 2001 he was

appointed as the Technical Manager for Meadow Feeds northern region. In 2004 he was appointed as the: Managing

Managing Director of

the Group’s Poultry Commercial Division since 1 November 2020,

was appointed as an Executive Director.

Also effective 1 October 2021, Gary Arnold,: Managing

Managing Director for the Animal Feeds

Division of Astral in July 2004, where he was responsible for Meadow Feeds

Southern Africa, as well as various other service-related business units within the

Astral Group. Chris was appointed as a director to the Board of Astral in August

2005 and as CEO of Astral on 1 May 2009.

Daan Ferreira (65) Chief Financial Officer

Daan held various positions in operational financial management, tax

management and project management before joining Astral as Group Financial

Manager in 2001. He was appointed as CFO of Astral in 2009.

Gary Arnold (49) Group Chief Operating Officer

Gary was appointed as: Managing

Managing Director of DBG, a leading national liquor distributor

from 2008 to 2011, when he joined Astral as COO of Festive. He is currently the head of the

Marketing Division of Astral.

Gideon Jordaan (47) Human Resources Executive

Gideon started his career in human resources in 1996 as a Human Resources Officer with Anglo

American Gold and Uranium Division (now AngloGold Ashanti) and worked his way up to Human

Resources Manager. He joined Aveng Grinaker-LTA in 2001, where he performed various Human

Resources Executive and strategic executive roles. He then joined Alstom/General Electric in 2012

as Human Resources Specialist for major infrastructure projects, and was appointed Human

Resources Executive for the GWK Group in 2016. Gideon joined Astral on 1 August 2019.

Louis Vermaas (49) Sales Executive

Louis started his career with Earlybird in 1994 in the sales department. In 2004 he joined Merlog

Foods, a meat trading company as a partner. In 2009 he joined Afgri Poultry as Sales and

Marketing Director before returning to Astral in 2012.

Gerrit Visser (63) Processing Executive

He has more than 30 years’ experience in the poultry industry. Gerrit joined County Fair in 1989

as an Industrial Engineering Technician after being involved in a training and development

consultancy for six years. In 1990 he was appointed as the Operational Manager Primary

Processing. Various positions followed and he was appointed as Deputy: Managing

Managing Director: Commercial: Managing

letter and spirit of the

Code of Ethics by observing the highest ethical standards and

ensuring that all business practices are conducted ethically.

A policy provides guidelines as to what constitutes fraud, theft,

corruption, or associated internal irregularities, to outline our

response to these and to detail the procedures to be followed in

order to report such incidents that are suspected or discovered.

Astral has a “zero tolerance” approach towards fraud and corruption

and protect employees who raise concerns relating to fraud and

corruption from victimisation.

Astral utilises the services of Deloitte & Touche to provide an

independent “Tip-offs anonymous” hotline. All incidents reported

are investigated and appropriate action taken in terms of the

relevant policies and disciplinary procedures.

Copies of Astral’s ethics policy are displayed on all notice boards,

laminated abridged copies are handed to every employee and the

COO of each business unit is tasked to act as champion for his/her

business unit to ensure that the ethics policy is understood and

adhered to by all employees. The ethics policy forms a permanent

part of every management agenda and external suppliers are

required to adhere to the ethics policy. Any non-adherence is

reported to business unit management and in turn reported to the

CEO and ultimately to the Board.

Astral Integrated Report for the year ended 30 September 2021

61:

letter of the law in their dealings

on the Group’s behalf;

 recognise the Group’s responsibility to its shareholders,

customers, employees, suppliers and to society;

 conduct themselves as responsible members of society, giving

due regard to health, safety and environmental concerns, and

human rights, in the operation of the Group’s business; and

 report any suspected breach of the law or the Code of Ethics to

the Internal Audit Department or the Board who will protect

those who report violations in good faith.

The Board accepts overall responsibility for the adherence to the

Code of Ethics and has no reason to believe that there has been

any material non-adherence to the Code of Ethics during the year

under review. The Code of Ethics is reviewed on a regular basis by

the Social and Ethics Committee.

A copy of the Code of Ethics is available on our website,

www.astralfoods.com.

Restrictions on share dealings

Directors and employees are prohibited from dealing in Astral

shares during price sensitive periods. Closed periods extend from

31 March and 30 September, being the commencement of the

interim and year-end reporting dates, up to the date of

announcement of interim and year-end results and include any

other period during which the Company is trading under a

cautionary announcement. All directors are required to obtain

written permission from the Chairman before dealing in any Astral

shares in order to protect them against possible and unintentional

contravention of the insider trading laws and JSE regulations.

We have implemented an Information Policy that deals with

prohibited periods for dealing in Astral shares, the determination of

price sensitive information, periodic financial disclosure and

affected directors’ dealings in Astral shares. The Information Policy

is available on Astral’s website,

www.astralfoods.com.

Participants in Astral’s share incentive schemes are subject to the

rules of the schemes and the provisions of the JSE Listings

Requirements.

Management reporting

Astral has comprehensive management reporting disciplines,

which include the preparation of strategic plans and annual

budgets by all operations. Group strategic plans and budgets are

considered and approved by the Board. Results and the financial

status of the operations are reported monthly and compared with

approved budgets and results of the previous year. Working

capital requirements and borrowing levels are monitored on an

ongoing basis and corrective or remedial action taken as

appropriate.

Group Company Secretary

The Group Company Secretary is suitably qualified and experienced

and plays an important role in ensuring that the Board procedures

are followed correctly and reviewed regularly The Group Company

Secretary is responsible for the duties set out in section 88 of the

Companies Act and is appropriately empowered by the Board to

fulfil these duties.

The Board assesses the qualification, competence and expertise of

the Group Company Secretary and confirms her suitability in terms

of the JSE Listings Requirements on an annual basis. For further

information on the Group Company Secretary, please refer to

Corporate Services on page 37.

The Group Company Secretary is not a director of any of the

Group’s operations and accordingly maintains an arm’s length

relationship with the Board and its directors. In order to confirm the

Group Company Secretary’s arm’s length relationship with the

Board, the following factors are taken into consideration:

 the Group Company Secretary is independent from management;

 the Board empowers the Group Company Secretary to act as

gatekeeper of good corporate governance;

 there are no special ties between the Group Company Secretary

and any of the directors;

 the Group Company Secretary is not party to any major

contractual relationship which may affect his/her independence;

and

 there are no matters affecting the Group Company Secretary’s

ability to adequately and effectively perform his/her company

secretarial duties.

ESG REPORT

Astral Integrated Report for the year ended 30 September 2021

62:

Dear shareholders

I have pleasure in presenting to you the 2021 Social and Ethics Committee Report. This committee was established in terms of

section 72 of the Companies Act and commenced its work in January 2012. It is a sub-committee of the Board and fulfils its

functions on behalf of the Group in relation to social and economic development, governance, ethics, safety and health,

environmental sustainability and employment matters.

South Africa is currently faced with widely reported ethics and socio-economic challenges in terms of governance, fraud, corruption

and environmental sustainability. The committee has continued with its efforts to ensure the Astral culture, value and belief system

subscribe to the Six Capitals model (Financial, Manufactured, Human, Social, Natural and Intellectual Capitals) adopted, which

forms the basis of our approach to responsible and accountable governance and sustained socio-economic investment. We have

also decided to measure our performance against the 17 UN SDGs, to view our potential impact. Both the references to the Six

Capitals and UN SDGs have been used throughout the Integrated Report.

The committee is satisfied that it has fulfilled its responsibilities as detailed in its Mandate and Terms of Reference for the 2021

financial year.

I would like to thank the members of the committee for their hard work, commitment and contribution towards achieving our

objectives as mandated by the Board.

TM Shabangu

Chairperson

10 November 2021

SECTION 1: COMPOSITION, ATTENDANCE

AND TERMS OF REFERENCE

1.1 Members

Member

Independent

Period

TM Shabangu

(Chairperson)

Yes

November 2020 to date

T Eloff

Yes

July 2017 to date

GD Arnold

No

October 2011 to date

LW Hansen

Yes

October 2011 to date

1.2 Attendance

The attendance of the members of the Social and Ethics

Committee at the meetings is set out on

page 58 of this

Integrated Report.

1.3 Mandate and terms of reference

A formal mandate and terms of reference for the committee

was adopted by the Board. Mrs TM Shabangu was appointed

chairperson of the committee following the resignation of

Mrs TP Maumela from the Board during January 2020,

(Dr T Eloff was acting chairperson for the period January 2020

to November 2020). The chairperson will be present at the

AGM and will be available to report to shareholders on the

matters within the committee’s mandate.

SECTION 2: FUNCTIONS AND RESPONSIBILITY

Monitoring of the Group’s activities, having regard to any relevant

legislation, other legal requirements and codes of best practice,

including but not limited to:

 social and economic development;

 responsible corporate citizenship;

 environment, health and public safety;

 consumer relationships;

 labour and employment;

 organisational ethics; and

 workplace productivity.

The committee will take the following actions on their findings:

 drawing matters within its mandate to the attention of the

Board; and

 reporting annually to the shareholders at the AGM on matters

within its mandate.

ESG REPORT

Astral Integrated Report for the year ended 30 September 2021

64:

Dear shareholders

On behalf of the Human Resources, Remuneration and Nominations Committee and the Board, I take pleasure in presenting the

2021 committee report.

Current political, social and economic instability, compounded by continued poor Government performance and ineffective policies

have manifested in a national human resources crisis in South Africa that fails to deliver effective skills on employment market

entrance. This drives the ineffective development of critical skills required and has propelled a national skills drain to global

employment markets, against the backdrop of a country with one of the highest unemployment rates in the world.

Ensuring effective and efficient human capital optimisation, skills development, skill retention and availability to lead and manage

the miscellany and magnitude of challenges faced by executives, senior managers, professionals and technical specialists on a

daily basis to implement, deliver and safeguard Astral’s operations, within the current social-economic operating environment, is

and should remain at the forefront of Astral’s strategy. This in order to ensure sustained shareholder returns, job security to

thousands of South African households and sustained food security. The importance of our human resources strategy cannot be

emphasised enough.

The committee focuses on formulating a strategic human resources policy framework that aligns adequate skill availability and

financial performance with shareholder return objectives, within a transparent, fair and audible corporate governance framework

primarily informed by King IV™.

The committee continuously reviews, analyses and benchmarks its policies against market conditions and peer competitors, to

ensure that human resources management, the Remuneration Policy and the nominations committee’s principles are informed,

amended and implemented aligned with business strategy, focused on fair, responsible and relevant applied practice.

This report deals with the functional sections of the committee’s responsibilities and provides an overview of its activities against

the annual work plan, focused at enhancing human resources performance. The goal is to optimise shareholder value responsibly

and sustainably as key priority. The committee considered the overall risk environment, the risk appetite and risk profile of the

Group as well as the need to attract, retain and motivate key talent to enable the delivery of Astral’s strategic objectives.

During the year, the committee received guidance from external advisors regarding the remuneration of executive directors,

prescribed officers as well as the fees payable to non-executive directors. The committee always remains committed to Astral’s

values of transparency, integrity, accountability, governance and control to enable long-term sustainability.

I would like to thank the members of the committee for their hard work, commitment and contribution towards achieving the

objectives of the committee as set by the Board.

A sincere thank you to Astral’s executives, management and employees who worked tirelessly during difficult and unprecedented

times to safeguard and protect shareholder investments and delivering industry leading results.

The Astral team has gone above and beyond their call of duty and the committee applauds the hard work, dedication and

commitment.

Regards

Willie Potgieter

Chairperson

10 November 2021

ESG REPORT

Astral Integrated Report for the year ended 30 September 2021

80:

Managing director

(R’000): Managing director

(% of TGP)

0

500

1 000

1 500

2 000

2 500

3 000

3 500

4 000

Below expected

performance

On-target

performance

Stretch

performance

Exceptional

performance

0

50

100

150

200

250

300

350

Below expected

performance

On-target

performance

Stretch

performance

Exceptional

performance

Group Company Secretary

(R’000)

Group Company Secretary

(% of TGP)

 STI  LTI  TGP

ESG REPORT

Astral Integrated Report for the year ended 30 September 2021

92

Managing director

120%

150%

Executive management

100%

125%

Senior management

80% to 100%

100% to 125%

The EVA for Astral during the period 2014 to 2021 compared to STI allocations was as follows:

GOVERNANCE (CONTINUED)

0

10

20

30

40

50

60

2021

2020

2019

2018

2017

2016

2015

2014

%

WACC

Actual NOPAT return

Actual NOPAT return versus WACC (%)

ESG REPORT

Astral Integrated Report for the year ended 30 September 2021

94:

Managing director

50%

50%

120%

Executive management

50%

50%

100%

Senior management

100%

Nil

80%

The committee may decide to use a combination of different percentage weightings when making individual

allocations (up to the maximum award quantum).

Terminations due to reasons of resignation, dismissal or absconding will forfeit all awards allocated. In the case of

terminations such as ill health, death in service, retrenchment or retirement, the incentives are payable on a pro rata

basis once vested.

3.3.4.2 Long-Term Retention Plan (LRP)

The LRP is a deferred cash scheme and was introduced as an alternative to share options in order to attract, retain

and motivate members of the executive management and senior management of the highest quality.

The participants within the LRP scheme are limited to members of executive management and senior management

and all participants are subjected to 100% performance conditions with no guaranteed portion.

The continued use of the LRP scheme will, from time-to-time, be reviewed by the committee based upon the Group

achieving its reward philosophy in a sustained manner, namely to attract, retain and motivate employees of the

highest quality.

GOVERNANCE (CONTINUED)

ESG REPORT

Astral Integrated Report for the year ended 30 September 2021

96:

Managing director: Commercial (Promotion)2

11.1%

4%: Managing director: Agriculture (Vacant)3

Nil

4%

Prescribed officers

Managing director: Feed (Adjustment)4

10.3%

4%

Managing Director of the Commercial Division with effect from

1 November 2020 and subsequent appointed as executive director on the Board with effect from 1 October 2021.

 The appointment of a non-executive director in line with the Board’s broad diversity philosophy remains priority and a suitable

appointment is expected to be recommended to the shareholders for appointment at the AGM in February 2022.

 Reviewed and approved the CFO recruitment campaign, CFO nominations received and candidates shortlisted. This was done to

timeously identify a suitable replacement to allow for a hand over period with Mr DD Ferreira, due for retirement after the February

2023 AGM.

SECTION 5: NOMINATIONS COMMITTEE

Astral Integrated Report for the year ended 30 September 2021

105:

Dear shareholders

Our Audit and Risk Management Committee is a formally constituted sub-committee of the Board and in addition to having

specific statutory responsibilities to the shareholders in terms of section 94 of the Companies Act, it assists the Board by advising

and making submissions on financial reporting, oversight of the risk management process and internal financial controls, external

and internal audit functions and statutory and regulatory compliance.

The committee is satisfied that it has fulfilled its responsibilities as detailed in its Mandate and Terms of Reference for the 2021

financial year.

On behalf of the Audit and Risk Management Committee

Diederik Fouché

Chairman

10 November 2021

Constitution and duty of the committee

The Audit and Risk Management Committee (the committee) was appointed by the shareholders at the AGM in February 2021.

The members of the committee are all independent non-executive directors, and no new members were appointed to the committee

during the year. Details of the number of meetings held and attendance by members at meetings are included on page 57 of this Report.

The directors of the Company continue to believe that the committee members collectively have the necessary skills to carry out its duties

effectively and with due care.

The committee has reporting responsibilities to both the shareholders and the Board and is accountable to them. Its duties, as set out in

the Audit and Risk Management Committee Charter, are reviewed annually and incorporate the committee’s statutory obligations as set

out in the Companies Act and King IV™. A work plan is drawn up annually incorporating all these obligations, and progress is monitored to

ensure these obligations are fulfilled.

It is the duty of the committee, among other things, to monitor and review:

 The preparation of the annual financial statements, ensuring fair presentation and compliance with IFRS and the Companies Act, and

recommending same to the Board for approval.

 The integrity of the Integrated Report by ensuring that its content is reliable, includes all relevant operational, financial and other non-

financial information, risks and other relevant factors.

 Interim and operational reports and all other widely distributed documents.

 Accounting policies of the Group and proposed revisions, significant and unusual transactions, estimates and accounting judgements.

 The effectiveness of the internal control environment.

 The effectiveness of the internal audit function.

 The effectiveness of the external audit function.

 The recommendation and appointment of the external auditor, approving remuneration of external auditor, reviewing the scope of their

audit, their reports and findings, and pre-approving all non-audit services in terms of policy.

 The reports of both internal and external auditors.

 The evaluation of the performance of the CFO.

 The adequacy and effectiveness of the Group’s enterprise-wide risk management policies, processes and mitigating strategies.

 The governance of IT and the effectiveness of the Group’s information systems.

 Determine that the going concern basis of reporting is appropriate.

 The combined assurance model and provide independent oversight of the effectiveness of the organisation’s assurance functions and

services, with particular focus on combined assurance arrangements.

 Compliance with applicable legislation, requirements of appropriate regulatory authorities and the Company’s Code of Conduct.

 Policies and procedures for mitigating fraud.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Astral Integrated Report for the year ended 30 September 2021

120:

