letter issued by the JSE on 25 May 2020, (containing the

JSE’s expectations for reporting the impact of COVID-19)

which was reconsidered in the context of reporting the

impact of the July 2021 civil unrest.

The Committee has ensured that where applicable, the contents of

these reports have been appropriately actioned in the preparation

of the consolidated and separate annual financial statements for

the year ended 31 December 2021.

Going concern

The Committee has reviewed a documented assessment by

management of the going concern premise of the Group and the

Company, including an assessment of the financial impact of the

COVID-19 pandemic, before recommending to the Board that the

Group and the Company will be a going concern for the

foreseeable future.

Risk management

In giving effect to risk management responsibilities the Group has

implemented a continuous risk management review programme to

ensure a coherent governance approach throughout the Group.

The Group has ensured that no undue, unexpected or unusual risks

have been undertaken in pursuit of reward.

Compliance

The Committee is responsible for reviewing any major breach of

relevant legal, regulatory and other responsibilities. The Committee

is satisfied with the compliance to these standards and with the

applicable laws and regulations. Furthermore, the Committee is

satisfied that it has complied with all its legal, regulatory and other

responsibilities during the year under review.

IT and Technology Governance

The Committee has oversight responsibility for IT governance and

risk management.

Recommendation of the Integrated Report for

approval by the Board

The Committee has reviewed and considered the Integrated

Report, the consolidated annual financial statements and the

separate annual financial statements and has recommended it for

approval by the Board.

N KHAN

CHAIRMAN OF THE AUDIT AND RISK COMMITTEE

28 April 2022

BRIMSTONE INVESTMENT CORPORATION LIMITED INTEGRATED REPORT 2021

49

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

GOVERNANCE

OUR BUSINESS:

