managing director of

Ellingham Estate. Tim was previously manager of

the Banana Growers Association of South Africa

and is currently a member of several

SA Cane Growers structures, as well as

serving as a grower nominee on Illovo’s

Sezela Mill management committee.

Tim Denton (59)

Non-executive Director

Chairman of the Agricultural Committee

Member of the Risk Committee

Appointed to the Board: November 2012

Tim is Head of Agricultural Research for

Silverstreet Capital. He has extensive experience

in the management of large commercial farms in

Africa, including the development of greenfield

sites and outgrower schemes.

Gary Vaughan-Smith (57)

BSc, MPhil, FIA

Non-executive Director

Member of the Nominations and

Remuneration Committees

Appointed to the Board: November 2012

Gary is Chief Investment Officer of Silverstreet

Capital, a London-based investment

management business focused on the agricultural

sector in Africa. He previously worked at

Gartmore Investment and ABN AMRO,

both based in London.

Executive Directors

Non-executive Directors

Thembi Xaba (47)

MPhil, PhD

Independent Non-executive Director

Member of the Agricultural Committee

Appointed to the Board: April 2020

Thembi has more than 20 years’ experience in

the agricultural sector, focusing on development

finance, agri-business development, agricultural

financing and deal structuring. She is currently

the CEO of the Deciduous Fruit Development

Chamber (DFDC-SA). Prior to the DFDC-SA she

held senior positions at the National Treasury,

the Jobs Fund, Mpumalanga Department of

Agriculture, and Perishable Products Export

Control Board (PPECB) to list a few.

Larry Riddle (61)

BCom, BAcc (Hons), CA(SA)

Independent Non-executive Director

Audit Committee Chairman

Member of Agricultural and Risk Committees

Appointed to the board: April 2019

Larry previously held the positions of Commercial

Director and Group Corporate and External

Affairs Director of Illovo Sugar Africa. Larry also

played a key role in looking after the Illovo Joint

Ventures and Associate companies in the Group,

including Gledhow Sugar Company and Glendale

Distilling Company. He is a past Chairman of the

South African Sugar Millers’ Association and the

Ethanol Producers’ Association of South Africa.

Phumla Mnganga (53)

Bed, BA, MBL, PhD

Independent Non-executive Director

Chairman of Remuneration and Social and

Ethics Committees

Member of the Nominations Committee

Appointed to the Board: May 2011

Phumla is the founder and: managing director of

Lehumo Women’s Investment Holdings,

a women-owned investment holding company.

Prior to this, she spent most of her career working

for the Tongaat Hulett Group and Deloitte.

Phumla is Chairperson of the boards of the Tolcon

Group and Gold Circle, and is a

Managing Director CBSA and

Chief Commercial Officer CBL

Date joined: 2018

Nigel Naidoo (40)

BCom, BAcc (Hons), CA(SA)

Group Chief Financial Officer

Date joined: 2014

Lisa Pretorius (53)

BTech: Management

Group Human Resource Executive

Date joined: 2009

A

B

C

D

E

B

D

A

E

C

A

B

C

D

E:

managing director of Crookes

Brothers South Africa, the Group human

resources executive and Group ESG manager

attend meetings by invitation. The committee

is required to meet at least twice a year.

Role

The primary objective of the committee is

to assist the Board to fulfil its corporate

governance responsibilities relating to social

and economic development, good corporate

citizenship, the environment, health and public

safety, consumer relations, labour

and employment.

The Committee’s role is to monitor the Group’s

activities with regard to these issues, to draw

matters within its mandate to the attention of

the Board and to report to shareholders at the

Annual General Meeting.

Meetings

The Committee held two meetings during

the period under review and there was full

attendance at all meetings.

Committee activities

During the period under review the Committee,

in line with its corporate governance

responsibilities, reviewed the committee

charter and annual work plan, conducted

a self-assessment of the Committee’s

performance, reviewed the appropriateness

of the expertise and experience of committee

members and updated the Social and Ethics

Committee resource pack. It also reviewed

and updated the Group’s code of ethics

and professional management practices

documents.

The Committee continues to monitor

compliance with relevant legislation and

regulations as well as with the Group’s code

of ethics. In addition, the committee approved

the Group’s corporate social responsibility

policy and CSI budget, reviewed the

employment equity report, reviewed the health

and safety incident report, reviewed

and considered the Group’s annual

ESG report, as provided by an independent

consultant, noted the Group’s talent

management and employee development

reports, and monitored the employee housing

strategy plan.

The Committee focused on ensuring

further progress towards compliance with

internationally recognised governance

standards, as embodied in guidelines provided

by the International Finance Corporation

(“IFC”), the International Labour Organisation

(“ILO”) and the Organisation for Economic

Co-operation and Development (“OECD”).

Codes of best practice

The Group is committed to the principles of

integrity, accountability and transparency.

The implementation of sound corporate

governance practices has been an integral

part of the Group’s business operations for

many years. The Board has continued to

provide effective leadership based on an

ethical foundation as articulated in the Code

of Business Ethics.

Assurance

Based on the processes in place, assurances

obtained and information reported it is our

opinion that the Social and Ethics Committee

has executed its duties and responsibilities

in accordance with the requirements of the

Companies Act and its terms of reference.

On behalf of the Audit Committee

Phumla Mnganga

Social and Ethics Committee Chairman

Composition and proceedings

The Committee came into existence on 22 August 2019 and consists of four Non-executive

Directors, one of whom chairs the meetings, the Group Chief Executive Officer and the Chief

Operating Officer. The committee is required to meet four times a year.

Role

The committee is a voluntarily constituted subcommittee of the Board. The primary objective

of the committee is to assist the Board in discharging their responsibilities in relation to

the agronomic performance of the company in achieving the Company’s strategy and

recommending changes to agricultural production related aspects of the strategy.

The Agricultural Committee provides advice and oversight relating to the Company’s operational

excellence in production of certain agricultural goods and services, its sales and marketing of

its products to ensure optimal returns, its product mix to ensure optimal crop and geographic

diversification, its pipeline of projects to ensure the optimal mix of short-term, medium-term

and longer-term returns, its availability of human, energy and water resources, its application of

innovative farming practices and optimal use of available technology.

Committee activities

In keeping in line with its mandate, the Agricultural Committee adopted a charter. The Agricultural

Committee had oversight over the Red to Green Project, crop performance and divisional sales

strategies.

Executive Committee

The executive Directors, together with the

COO, CCO and HR Executive, constitute

the executive committee that meet weekly to

discuss current relevant operational issues.

Management Committee

On a quarterly basis, the full executive

management team meets to review

operational performance, capital programmes,

project progress and issues of strategic

importance.

Company secretary

The Board is guided by a suitably qualified

Company Secretary, Ziyanda Ngwenya,

whose competence and expertise is

regularly assessed in accordance with the

JSE Listings Requirements.

The Company Secretary maintains an

arm’s-length relationship with the board and its

Directors and is recognised as the gatekeeper

of good governance. Directors have access

to the advice and services of the Company

Secretary whom provides guidance on their

responsibilities according to the prevailing

regulatory and statutory environment and the

manner in which such responsibilities should

be discharged.

JSE sponsor

Sasfin Capital, a division of Sasfin Bank

Limited, is mandated to act as the Group’s

sponsor. Sasfin provides an annual audit

programme checklist to assist compliance

with the continuing obligations and other

applicable rules and regulations imposed by

the JSE Listings Requirements.

Information Technology

(IT)

The Board has assigned the responsibility

of monitoring IT governance to the

Risk Committee and has adopted the

practices under Principle 12 of King IV

recommendations.:

Managing Director of the joint venture company.

• A major part of the Group’s 2 500ha Komati Estate, which was sold to government

in 2010 and leased back on a 10-year lease, was transferred to the neighbouring

Mawewe community.

“ Employment equity

is a further focus

area in terms of the

Group’s transformation

activities. We strive to

increase representivity

in management through

the implementation

of affirmative action

employment policies,

supplemented by well-

established training and

mentorship programmes.”

We follow similar policies in the other southern

African countries in which the Group operates

to increase the involvement of the indigenous

populations in the agricultural sector,

and ensure that the benefits derived from

agriculture are shared with local communities.

Black Economic Empowerment

With our operating footprint firmly rooted

in South Africa, we are aware of the need

for transformation to create an equitable

society. As such, we view the advancement

of B-BBEE as a key driver of economic

and social inclusivity. CBSA embarked on

a verification exercise, incorporating its

subsidiaries Mawecro Farming (Pty) Ltd and

Libcro Farming (Pty) Ltd which was completed

in June 2021, with the Company achieving a

verified score of 84.43 and Level 4 B-BBEE

contributor status.

The importance of achieving the best possible

accreditation cannot be over-emphasised in

a sector facing increasing land pressures and

competing demands for vital water resources.

The Level 4 accreditation is quite pleasing

considering that the evaluation was conducted

under the revised and substantially more

demanding codes of good practice.

After engagement with the community

it was agreed to convert the Group’s rights

in terms of the balance of the lease into a

20-year joint venture (Mawecro Farming)

with the community from 1 April 2016.

While this arrangement resulted in a

short-term reduction of profits for the

Group, it offers significant long-term

economic benefits and will position the

Group as a major player in the agricultural

transformation arena. Approximately 1 000

households have benefited directly through

dividends, rental payments and preferential

employment opportunities in the Mawecro

operation.

During the financial year, an additional

1 220ha was leased by Mawecro from the

Mawewe community for a 10-year period

commencing 1 July 2020.

• A similar structure has been implemented

at the 42ha Belleview deciduous fruit

farm previously owned by the Group,

where we have established a joint

venture with ex-employees.

• We have concluded a memorandum of

understanding with the neighbouring Cele

community to involve them as partners

and shareholders in the Renishaw property

development project.

• We are participants in a farming venture

established by the Two-A-Day Group,

which packs and markets the Group’s

deciduous production, in which our

deciduous division employees, together

with employees from other member

growers, will own a major shareholding.

We continually seek opportunities to establish

viable businesses with community partners

as an effective transformation mechanism.

We pride ourselves on the success of these

ventures and believe that with the right

government support we can play a far wider

role in this arena.

In support of the transfer of viable agricultural

land to black people, in the last financial year,

we sold two more farms in the Mpumalanga

province to a black-owned company in

two separate transactions, which both had

elements of vendor financing by the Group.

An overview of the Group’s progress towards compliance is outlined below:

2021

2019

2017

Weighting Under

Revised Codes

CBSA Score –

Amended

AgriBEE Codes

CBSA Score –

Amended

AgriBEE Codes

CBL Score –

old AgriBEE Codes

Ownership

25

14.63

25.00

25.00

Management control

19

8.59

8.04

5.76

Employment equity

–

–

–

6.52

Skills development

20

15.13

15.31

5.91

Procurement

–

–

–

11.13

Enterprise and supplier development

40

31.08

33.27

10.00

Socio-economic development

15

15.00

15.00

11.00

TOTAL SCORE

84.43

96.62

75.32

Level

4

2

3

The Group’s B-BBEE scorecard decreased

significantly on the ownership element due

to the verification agent’s interpretation of the

Agri-BEE amended Codes. The verification

agents require us to prove Ownership as well

as compliance with all other subminima.

The ownership full score was previously driven

by the sales, between the period of 2008 and

2012, of a significant portion of the Group’s

South African assets/farms to the government

or communities for purposes of transformation

and land reform. These land sales were first

recognised in CBL as this is the company

that sold these properties. A couple of years

ago the structure was changed such that

the South African operations of CBL were

transferred into CBSA. Initially the Verification

Agency engaged to perform the verification

of CBSA allowed ownership to flow through

from CBL to CBSA on the strength of

CBL owning 100% of the shares in CBSA.

This interpretation changed for the current

verification.

The Group has partnerships with various

communities which continue to yield direct

benefits to community families.

The incorporation of Bellcro Farming,

Mawecro Farming and Libcro Farming

has boosted the Enterprise & Supplier

Development score. This is due to the

payment of rentals and professional

assistance to these companies to black

suppliers (Bellview Agricultural Primary

Co-op, Mawewe CPA and Libuyile Community

Trust). The formation of these successful

partnerships are believed to present a

benchmark for successful empowerment in

the sector.

Our goal is to become a leader in

transformation in the agricultural sector

through developing successful and

sustainable partnerships with previously

disadvantaged communities. Therefore, we

will strive to continue implementing measures

that will aid in achieving improved outcomes

under the revised codes.

Rural economies

As a major employer and often community business partner in the various regions in which we

operate, Crookes Brothers plays an increasingly significant economic role in rural communities

in South Africa, Eswatini, Zambia and Mozambique. We proactively support the socio-economic

transformation of the communities in which we operate.

Employment

The Group provides permanent employment for 1 075 people and contracts a further 1 455

seasonal staff. Rural communities in close proximity to our farming operations are the main

beneficiaries of the wages and benefits received.

Operating country

Full-time (Permanent)

Seasonal workers

Total

South Africa

638

847

1485

Mozambique

332

215

547

Eswatini

69

282

351

Zambia

36

111

147

Totals

1 075

1 455

2 530

Preferential procurement

We have a preferential procurement approach that supports the participation of historically

disadvantaged communities in economically beneficial activities. Local suppliers of goods and

services are used whenever feasible and a growing proportion of our procurement spend is

received by small and emerging businesses.:

letter of representation from their CSDP or broker to participate in

and/or vote at the AGM electronically.

In terms of section 63(1) of the Companies Act, any person participating in the AGM must present reasonably satisfactory identification

and the person presiding at the AGM must be reasonably satisfied that the right of any person to participate in and vote (whether as a

shareholder or as a representative or proxy for a shareholder) has been reasonably verified. Shareholders of the Company who wish to

participate in the AGM electronically should provide such identification when making written application to so participate.

Agenda

Presentation of Annual Financial Statements

To present the Audited Annual Financial Statements of the Company, including the reports of the Directors, Audit Committee, Social and Ethics

Committee and auditors for the financial year ended 31 March 2021.

The Summarised Consolidated Financial Statements are included in the Integrated Report, while the full set of Audited Annual Financial Statements

is available on the Company’s website at www.cbl.co.za.

To consider and, if deemed fit, approve, with or without modification, the following Ordinary Resolutions:

Note: For any of the Ordinary Resolutions numbers 1 to 4 to be adopted, 50% plus one vote of the voting rights exercised on each such

Ordinary Resolution must be exercised in favour thereof.

1. Ordinary resolution number 1: re-appointment of external auditors

“Resolved to authorise the Company to re-appoint, on the recommendation of the Audit Committee of the Company, the external auditors,

BDO South Africa with the designated auditor currently being Mr Ahmed Timol, until the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting.”

The reason for this Ordinary Resolution is that the Company, being a public listed Company, must have its financial results audited by an

auditor and such auditor must be appointed or re-appointed, as the case may be, each year at the Annual General Meeting of the Company.

2. Ordinary resolution number 2: re-election of directors

the Nominations Committee of the Company assessed the performance of each of the retiring Directors and the Board of Directors

considered the findings of the Nominations Committee. Based on these findings, the Board recommends to shareholders the re-election of

each of the retiring Directors as set out in Ordinary Resolutions 2.1 to 2.2.

2.1

The following Non-executive Directors retire by rotation in terms of clause 24.7.1 of the Company’s MOI and, being eligible,

offer themselves for re-election, each by way of a separate vote. Brief curricula vitae in respect of these Directors are shown on

pages 24 to 25 of the 2021 Integrated Report to which this notice is attached.

2.1.1 “ Resolved that Mr L.W. Riddle, who retires by rotation in terms of the Company’s MOI and, being eligible and offering himself for

re-election, be and is hereby re-elected as a Non-executive Director of the Company.”

2.1.2 “ Resolved that Mr G. Vaughan-Smith, who retires by rotation in terms of the Company’s MOI and, being eligible and offering

himself for re-election, be and is hereby re-elected as a Non-executive Director of the Company.”

The reason for Ordinary Resolution number 2.1 is that the Company’s MOI and, to the extent applicable, the Companies Act require

that a component of the Company’s Non-executive Directors retire every year at the Company’s Annual General Meeting.

2.2

The following Non-executive Directors who have served for longer than nine years retires in terms of article 24.7.3 of the Company’s

MOI and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election. A brief curriculum vitae in respect of the retiring Directors are shown on

page 24 to 25 of the 2021 integrated report.

2.2.1 “ Resolved that Mr M.T. Rutherford, who retires in terms of the Company’s MOI and, being eligible and offering himself for

re-election, be and is hereby re-elected as a Non-executive Director of the Company.”

2.2.2 “ Resolved that Dr P. Mnganga, who retires in terms of the Company’s MOI and, being eligible and offering herself for

re-election, be and is hereby re-elected as a Non-executive Director of the Company.”

The reason for Ordinary Resolution number 2.2 is that the Company’s MOI requires that a director who has served on the Board for

longer than nine years must retire every year at the Company’s Annual General Meeting and be subject to re-election by shareholders.

3. Ordinary resolution number 3: re-election of the members of the Audit Committee

“Resolved that the following independent Non-executive Directors be and are hereby individually re-elected, by way of a separate vote,

as members of the Audit Committee until the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company:

3.1

Subject to the passing of Ordinary Resolution 2.1.1, Mr L.W. Riddle;

3.2

Subject to the passing of Ordinary Resolution 2.2.1, Mr M.T. Rutherford and

3.3

Mr R.G.F. Chance

Brief curricula vitae in respect of these Directors are shown on pages 24 to 25 of the 2021 integrated report to which this notice is attached.

The reason for this Ordinary Resolution is that the Company, being a public listed Company, must elect an Audit Committee and the

Companies Act requires that the members of such Audit Committee be re-elected, at each Annual General Meeting of the Company.

4. Ordinary resolution number 4: endorsement of the company’s remuneration policy by

way of a non-binding advisory vote

“Resolved to consider and endorse, by way of a non-binding advisory vote, the Company’s remuneration policy.”

The reason for this Ordinary Resolution is to request shareholders to signify their approval of the Company’s remuneration policy by way of a

non-binding advisory resolution as is provided for in the King IV Report on Governance for South Africa, 2016 (King IV Report). The policy is

outlined on pages 51 to 55 of the 2021 integrated report.:

letter of representation. Alternatively, they should provide the CSDP or broker with their voting

instructions in terms of the relevant custody agreement entered into between them and the CSDP or broker.

If they wish to attend, speak and vote at the AGM by means of electronic participation, they must ensure that their letters of representation

from their CSDP or broker reach the Transfer Secretaries of the Company, at Rosebank Towers, 15 Biermann Avenue, Rosebank, 2196,

South Africa, at any time prior to the commencement of the AGM but by no later than 10:00 on Wednesday, 25 August 2021, or are posted

to the Transfer Secretaries of the Company, at Private Bag X9000, Saxonwold, 2132, South Africa or emailed to proxy@computershare.co.za

to be received by them at any time prior to the commencement of the AGM but by no later than 10:00 on Wednesday, 25 August 2021.

The electronic communication employed will enable all persons participating in that meeting to communicate concurrently with one another

without an intermediary and to participate reasonably effectively in the meeting. Voting of shares will be possible via electronic communication.

Once the meeting has commenced, participants will be able to vote via the voting link to be provided during the meeting.

Proxies

The instrument appointing a proxy and the authority (if any) under which it is signed must reach the Transfer Secretaries of the Company at any

time prior to the commencement of the AGM but by no later than 10:00 on Wednesday, 25 August 2021.

On a poll, shareholders will have one vote in respect of each share held.

In terms of section 58 of the Companies Act, shareholders have rights to be represented by proxy as herewith stated. An extract of

section 58 of the Companies Act is included in the form of proxy.

Electronic participation by shareholders

Should any shareholder (or a representative or proxy for a shareholder) wish to participate in and/or vote at the AGM by way of electronic

participation, such shareholder must either:

(i)

register online using the online registration portal at www.smartagm.co.za, prior to the commencement of the AGM; or

(ii) make a written application (the form of which is attached to this notice) to so participate, by delivering the application form to the Transfer

Secretaries, being Computershare Investor Services Pty (Ltd), at First Floor, Rosebank Towers, 15 Biermann Avenue, Rosebank, 2196,

or posting it to Private Bag X9000, Saxonwold, 2132 (at the risk of the shareholder), or sending it by email to proxy@computershare.co.za,

so as to be received by the Transfer Secretaries by no later than 10:00 on Wednesday, 25 August 2021, in order for the Transfer Secretaries

to arrange such participation for the shareholder and for the Transfer Secretaries to provide the shareholder with the details as to how access

to the AGM by means of electronic participation is to be made. Shareholders may still register/apply to participate in and/or vote electronically

at the AGM after this date, provided, however, that those shareholders are verified (as required in terms of section 63(1) of the Companies Act)

and are registered at the commencement of the AGM.

For the avoidance of doubt, shareholders without “own-name” registration must obtain a: letter of representation from their CSDP or broker to

participate in and/or vote at the AGM by way of electronic means.

Notice of Annual General Meeting continued

Shareholders will be liable for their own network charges in relation to electronic participation in and/or voting at the AGM and it will not be for the

expense of the Company, the Transfer Secretaries or the JSE. Neither the Company, the Transfer Secretaries nor the JSE will be held accountable

in the case of loss of network connectivity or network failure due to insufficient airtime/internet connectivity/power outages which would prevent

a shareholder from participating in and/or voting at the AGM electronically. Accordingly, a shareholder, participating in and/or voting at the AGM

by means of electronic participation, acknowledges that he/she will have no claim against the Company, the Transfer Secretaries and the JSE,

whether for consequential damages or otherwise, arising from the use of the electronic platform or any defect in it or from total or partial failure of

the electronic platform and connections linking the shareholder via the electronic platform to the AGM.

By order of the Board,

Ziyanda Ngwenya

Company Secretary

24 June 2021

Salient dates

Record date to receive the Notice of the Annual General Meeting

Friday, 16 July 2021

Date of posting the Notice of Annual General Meeting

Wednesday, 28 July 2021

Last date to trade to be eligible to vote

Tuesday 17 August 2021

Record date to be eligible to electronically attend, participate and vote at the Annual General Meeting

Friday, 20 August 2021

For administrative purposes, preferable date by which forms of proxy for the Annual General Meeting

are requested to be lodged by 10:00 on

Wednesday, 25 August 2021

Annual General Meeting at 10:00 on

Friday, 27 August 2021

Results of Annual General Meeting published on SENS on

Friday, 27 August 2021

letter of representation in terms of the custody agreement entered into between such shareholders and their CSDP

or broker.

I/We

(block capitals)

of

(address)

being a member(s) of the above named Company and entitled to vote,

do hereby appoint

of

or failing him/her

of

or failing him/her the Chairman of the Annual General Meeting as my/our proxy to vote for me/us and on my/our behalf at the Annual General

Meeting of the Company to be held on Friday, 27 August 2021, or at any adjournment thereof.

I/We hereby direct that my/our proxy shall exercise his/her discretion as to the manner in which he/she votes, except as indicated below.

Agenda Item

Mark with X where applicable

For

Against

Abstain

1.

Re-appointment of external auditors

2.1.1 Re-election of Non-executive Director – L.W. Riddle

2.1.2 Re-election of Non-executive Director – G. Vaughan-Smith

2.2.1 Re-election of Non-executive Director – M.T. Rutherford

2.2.2 Re-election of Non-executive Director – P. Mnganga

3.1

Re-election of Audit Committee member – M.T. Rutherford

3.2

Re-election of Audit Committee member – L.W. Riddle

3.3

Re-election of Audit Committee member – R.G.F. Chance

4

Endorsement of the Company’s Remuneration policy – Non-binding advisory vote

5

Endorsement of the Company’s Remuneration Implementation Report – Non-binding advisory vote

6

Special resolution number 1 – Remuneration of Non-executive Directors

7

Special resolution number 2 – Authority to grant financial assistance in terms of section 44

of the Companies Act

8

Special resolution number 3 – Authority to grant financial assistance to related and inter-related

parties in terms of section 45 of the Companies Act

Signed at

on this

day of

2021

Signature

Number of shares:

letter of representation (if applicable), has been completed fully, signed by the shareholder and submitted to the Transfer Secretaries

of the Company as detailed above, prior to the commencement of the AGM and such shareholder is verified (as required in terms of section 63(1) of the

Companies Act).

Electronic participation form

Notes

Crookes Brothers Limited

Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa

Company Registration number 1913/000290/06

Share code: CKS

ISIN: ZAE000001434

(“Crookes Brothers” or the “Company”)

Annual General Meeting

Due to the COVID-19 (Coronavirus) outbreak and the measures put in place by the South African Government in response to the Coronavirus,

particularly the restrictions in regard to public gatherings, the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of the Company to be held at 10:00 on

Friday, 27 August 2021) will be conducted entirely through electronic participation.

Should any shareholder (or a representative or proxy for a shareholder) wish to participate in and/or vote at the AGM by way of electronic

participation, such shareholder must either:

(i)

register online using the online registration portal at www.smartagm.co.za, prior to the commencement of the AGM; or

(ii) make a written application (the form of which is attached to this notice) to so participate, by delivering the application form to the Company’s

Transfer Secretaries, being Computershare Investor Services Pty (Ltd), at First Floor, Rosebank Towers, 15 Biermann Avenue, Rosebank, 2196,

or posting it to Private Bag X9000, Saxonwold, 2132 (at the risk of the shareholder), or sending it by email to proxy@computershare.co.za,

so as to be received by the Transfer Secretaries at any time prior to the commencement of the AGM but by no later than 10:00 on Wednesday,

25 August 2021. This is in order for the Transfer Secretaries to arrange such participation for the shareholder and for the Transfer Secretaries to

provide the shareholder with the details as to how to access the AGM by means of electronic participation. Instructions on how to participate

in the AGM will also be forwarded to the shareholder once they have been registered. Shareholders may still register/apply to participate in

and/or vote electronically at the AGM after this date, provided, however, that those shareholders are verified (as required in terms of

section 63(1) of the Companies Act, No. 71 of 2008 (Companies Act)) and are registered at the commencement of the AGM.

For the avoidance of doubt, dematerialised shareholders without “own-name” registration would need to obtain a: letter of representation from their

CSDP or broker to participate in and/or vote at the AGM by way of electronic means.

