managing director of Bytes Specialised Solutions, and served on

the boards of Anglo American (SA), Eskom Enterprises and was chairperson of Rotek Industries.

Dr CR (Chris) van der Merwe§ B.Prim (Ed), US; B.Ed, UNISA; M.Ed (cum laude),

US; D.Ed, US

Chris has extensive knowledge and experience in the independent school and tertiary sectors.

He founded Curro in 1998 and in 2011, under his leadership, the company was listed on the JSE.

Chris served as CEO until June 2017 when he stepped down, unbundled the Embury Institute

for Higher Education, a teachers’ college, from Curro and then listed STADIO, an independent

provider of tertiary education on the JSE in October 2017. He served STADIO as CEO until the

company delivered on the promises of its pre-listing statement and stepped down in March 2020.

Dr Van der Merwe has subsequently served PSG and STADIO as a consultant, Education. He

currently also serves on the boards of Curro and STADIO as a non-executive director.

Key: ◊ Independent non-executive chairperson | * Independent non-executive director

Δ Executive director | § Non-executive director

50 | Curro Holdings Ltd annual integrated report 2021 | ACCOUNTABILITY

51 | Curro Holdings Ltd annual integrated report 2021 | ACCOUNTABILITY:

letter

This is the remuneration report of Curro Holdings Limited, which includes the remuneration policy and the implementation

report. The provisions of King IV (read with the JSE Limited Listings Requirements) require that these two documents be

submitted for non-binding advisory votes at the annual general meeting (‘AGM’) of shareholders.

The remuneration and nominations committee of Curro Holdings Limited ('remcom') fulfils the role of governing remuneration-

related matters, as delegated to it by the board of directors. The members of the remcom are Santie Botha (independent non-

executive chairperson of the board), Piet Mouton (non-executive director) and Themba Baloyi (independent non-executive

director).

The CEO, Andries Greyling, and the CFO, Cobus Loubser, attend meetings of the remcom by invitation, as and when required.

The CEO and CFO recuse themselves from the meeting when a conflict of interest arises or when they are requested to do

so. Curro’s company secretary, Mari Lategan, is also the secretary of the committee.

The remcom is governed by its charter, which is reviewed annually by the committee and the board of directors. The

committee has met twice for the financial year ending 31 December 2021, and has fulfilled its responsibilities as set out in its

charter and as further described in the remuneration policy.

At the Curro AGM held on 22 June 2021, the remuneration policy received an 89.75% vote in favour thereof (with 10.25%

against), and the implementation report received a 93.37% vote in favour thereof (with 6.63% against). As the non-binding

advisory votes were passed by the requisite majorities, no further engagement with shareholders was required.

Curro believes that ensuring the alignment of Curro’s remuneration philosophy with the interests of other stakeholders

will ensure sustainable growth to the benefit of all parties. Curro aims to reward its employees fairly through competitive

remuneration in order to ensure that it retains and attracts high-calibre employees. Some of the factors influencing the

remuneration policy include:

1) The business strategy, including the short- and long-term goals and objectives of the company.

2) An aspiration to adequately reward value that has been created, contributions made and performance.

3) Appropriate remuneration benchmarks are applied by considering remuneration trends in both the public and private

education sectors, as well as in other comparable industries with similar attributes.

4) The financial position and outlook for the company in the context of the broader economy.

5) Remaining cognisant of the level of school-fee increases in relation to salary increases.

6) The pay gap between executives and the rest of the employees of the company.

Shareholders have entrusted significant capital to management and it is key that the remcom ensures that the alignment

between management and shareholders is optimally structured and served by effective LTI schemes that rewards management

for performance and retains scarce skills and experience. A strong culture of accountable co-ownership drives long-term

thinking with consistent high performance and is a retention mechanism for quality management.

Since listing ten years ago Curro has made significant progress in building the premier and largest ‘for profit’ private school

business in South Africa. From a remcom perspective we know that management have largely been successful in executing

their mandate to organically build the business of significant scale. However, the Long-term Incentive ('LTI') scheme has not

successfully achieved the key principle that quality management should be rewarded and in time become co-owners in the

business.

The remcom engaged with various stakeholders and took cognisance of the latest views on LTI schemes. As a result, the

company proposed changes to the current LTI ('Old LTI') and the adoption of a new LTI ('New LTI').

The New LTI was approved by shareholders at the Curro AGM held on 22 June 2021 where it received a 94.04% vote in

favour thereof (with 5.96% against). The New LTI will primarily be used for executives and key managers and differs from the

Old LTI in the following key respects:

I. whereas the Old LTI is a 'fully-priced options' scheme, the New LTI is a 'nil-priced option' scheme, this mitigates the risk

that participants in the New LTI scheme are prejudiced by market volatility in the share price beyond their control;

II. the New LTI provides for revised and new performance conditions;

III. the New LTI implements a new basis of determining the number of options available to be allocated on an annual basis;

IV. the New LTI significantly reduces the number of people who qualify for options under the New LTI;

V. the New LTI requires that the vesting of a portion of future options be subject to participants retaining a minimum level

of previously vested options; and

VI. the New LTI includes malus and clawback provisions [to align the scheme with market-related practices].

Furthermore in accordance with its charter, the remcom made the following additional key decisions during 2021:

a) Determined the key performance indicators of the short-term incentives ('STIs') for the 2022 financial year;

b) Reviewed performance against the 2021 key performance areas and approved STIs for executive directors and exco

members;

c) Considered market benchmarking for executive pay. Reviewed and approved salary increases for the executive directors,

exco members and the company secretary;

d) Reviewed non-executive directors’ fees for submission to the shareholders at the AGM;

e) Reviewed the composition of the board and board committees and made recommendations for changes thereto to the

board for approval;

f) Reviewed the succession plan for executive management; and

g) Reviewed the committee’s charter.

Refer to the corporate governance report on pages 78 to 86 for more details on the committee’s functioning.

The remcom has confidence that:

• It was objective and independent when it reviewed the remuneration policy;

• The policy approved in 2021 achieved its stated objectives;

• The committee remained objective and independent when it approved the remuneration of executives and the rest of

the company as a whole; and

• The company's independent advisers were independent and objective in the services they rendered during the year

under review.

The focus areas for 2022 include:

• Continuing to implement best-practice protocols in accordance with principles set out in this policy.

• Monitor the performance conditions determined to be appropriate for the LTI and STI schemes and Curro’s business

model.

The committee trusts that the Curro remuneration policy and implementation report supports the long-term business strategy

of the company.

Themba Baloyi

Chairperson: Remuneration and Nominations Committee

88 | Curro Holdings Ltd annual integrated report 2021 | ACCOUNTABILITY

89 | Curro Holdings Ltd annual integrated report 2021 | ACCOUNTABILITY

| ACCOUNTABILITY | 3.9 Remuneration reports:

letter, the company changed and improved the LTI scheme during 2021. Curro

therefore has two schemes in place going forward. For ease of reference, we refer to the previous scheme as the Old LTI

scheme and the recently implemented incentive scheme will be referred to as the New LTI scheme.

Curro knows that the retention of key skills in the group is important for the sustainability of the group and that LTIs are

designed to do so. Furthermore, LTIs align the interests of participants with the medium- to long-term strategic objectives of

the company. At the same time, they illustrate Curro’s commitment and loyalty towards the participants.

Curro’s LTIs consist of two share option schemes. A key feature of Curro’s current share option scheme is that participants will

only benefit if there is long-term share price appreciation, which should ultimately depend on sustained growth in headline

earnings per share as a result of Curro’s business and management activities.

All management who qualifies to partake in the New LTI scheme waived their unvested remaining rights in terms of the Old

LTI scheme. However, there are employees who will not be eligible to receive options under the New LTI scheme and they

will continue to hold options in terms of the Old LTI scheme and same would remain in place until the Old LTI scheme comes

to an end in September 2024, whereafter the Old LTI scheme will be terminated.

6.1 The Old LTI scheme

6.1.1 Background

The Curro shareholders approved the share option scheme rules that govern a range of principles such as share option

awards, eligibility criteria to be a participant, vesting rules, and, for example, how to deal with circumstances when an

employee retires, is retrenched or in the case of their death. The shareholders approved certain changes to the rules of the

share option scheme at the 2018 AGM that:

a) Allow the board to determine and set performance measures that will apply to the vesting of options awarded in terms of

the share incentive scheme.

b) Allow the company to settle exercised options on a net equity basis, by way of cash payments, or through the issue and

allotment of ordinary shares in the company.

c) Grant the board the discretion to determine that options that have been awarded by the company will lapse, where the

board determines, in its sole discretion, where the participant is guilty of misconduct or poor performance.

d) Increase the required loan cover ratio applicable to loans made by the company to participants in the share incentive

scheme from 130% to 200%. Going forward no new loan funding will be made available, and all options will be net

equity settled, i.e. they will be settled after deducting the strike price and the employee income tax (PAYE).

Furthermore, shareholders approved the proposed resolution to reduce the number of shares available to be used in the Old

LTI to 19 million shares.

6.1.2 Awards

Share options were awarded annually at the discretion of the remcom. The number of share options awarded was calculated

on the basis of the respective employees’ base salary and a multiple of between one time and seven times applied thereto,

depending on the employee’s seniority and level of responsibility assumed in the organisation, and subject to their individual

performance. In determining the top-up calculations for the annual share option award, the value of unvested past share

option awards was taken into account.

The total consolidated number of options awarded annually was decided and approved by the remcom. The remcom is

responsible for approving the annual awards for specific participants (executive directors, exco, company secretary, executive

heads, heads of departments and heads of primary and high schools). The approval of share option awards for other senior

managers/middle managers/junior managers who qualify for participation in the share option scheme is delegated to the

CEO, CFO and company secretary by the remcom. This approval occurs subject to these awards being within the factor

ranges that the remcom has set and the remcom being notified once awards have been made.

No new awards were made under the Old LTI scheme in 2020 and 2021.

6.1.3 Vesting

Options vest in 25% tranches on the second, third, fourth and fifth anniversaries of the award date.

Awards made before 2019:

There are no vesting conditions for options issued before 2019.

Awards made in 2019:

Awards made in 2019 were subject to achieving a minimum EBIT margin as a vesting condition, as set out below:

Vesting date

Sep 2022

Sep 2023

Sep 2024

Sep 2025

Financial year

2019

2021

2022

2023

2024

EBIT margin*

17.2%

20.5%

21.0%

21.5%

22.0%

* Significant acquisitions might be excluded from this measure.

In addition, shares awarded to employees up to 2019 were at the market options, so without share price appreciation, which

will only coincide with long-term value creation, management will derive no benefit from the LTI.

6.1.4 Loan funding

Until 2017, Curro provided loans to assist management to pay the strike price and the applicable income tax on vesting dates,

as permitted by the share incentive trust deed. Subsequently, no new loan funding was made available, and all options are to

be net equity settled. At 31 December 2021 the remaining loan balance was R403 484 (2020: R533 577).

6.1.5 Forfeiture of unvested shares

The executive directors and other executives agreed to forfeit all of their remaining unvested share options awarded in terms

of the Old LTI, subject to the New LTI being approved by shareholders and implemented, with new awards made in terms

thereof.

6.2 The New LTI scheme

6.2.1 Introduction

The New LTI scheme was implemented in 2021 after it was approved by shareholders at the AGM and use nil-paid options,

which means that there is no strike price, and the current market price has no impact on the number of nil-paid options

allocated to key executive management.

6.2.2 Awards

Every year a fixed number of options will be made available to key executive management of Curro and selected other

individuals who are regarded as potential successors to key executive management. The allocation of options will be a

process agreed between the key executive management and the remcom.

The number of nil-paid options which were allocated in the first award on 30 June 2021 is 0.833% of the number of shares in

issue, whilst the second award on 31 March 2022 consisted of 0.80% of shares in issue. The number of shares made available

in each of the following years will be reduced gradually so that, over the long term and subject to the shares in issue, the

figure reaches 0.5%, when it will be fixed.

It is the intention of the remcom and the board to repurchase such number of shares in the future for vested awards to ensure

there is limited or no dilution for shareholders given the vesting of options. Market conditions will be taken into account in

this regard.

| ACCOUNTABILITY | 3.9 Remuneration reports

Curro Aurora

94 | Curro Holdings Ltd annual integrated report 2021 | ACCOUNTABILITY

95 | Curro Holdings Ltd annual integrated report 2021 | ACCOUNTABILITY:

