Managing director

of Lucky Star Operations

BSc Mech Eng

Trevor

Giles (51)

Group Executive:

Business Development

and Mergers and

Acquisitions

BCom (DipAcc), CA(SA)

Bronwynne

Bester (43)

Chief People Officer

BCom (Hons), MCom

Jillian

Marais (49)

Group Executive:

Risk and Compliance

BA LLB (Admitted

Attorney)

Bjorn

Kwak (42)

President of

Daybrook Fisheries

Bachelors in Law

Lourens

de Waal (55): Managing director of

Lucky Star Marketing

and Sales

HND in Cost &

Management Accounting

Ralph

Buddle (55)

Interim Chief

Financial Officer

CA(SA)

Zodwa

Velleman (45)

Group Executive: Regulatory

and Corporate Affairs

BJuris, LLB (Admitted

Attorney)

STRENGTHS (+):

INDUSTRY EXPERTISE

ACCESSIBILITY

CAPITAL ALLOCATION

SOLID STRATEGY

TRANSPARENCY

FOCUS ON SHAREHOLDERS

WEAKNESSES (-)

VISIBILITY ON DIVISIONAL MANAGERS

VACANT POSITIONS

Years of service

Years of experience

22 26

2

18

11 31

9

18

10 23

9

31

0

35

25 35

1

19

1

17

The following changes took place during the year:

• Saamsoodein (Shams) Pather sadly passed away on 5 July 2021

• Peter Golesworthy and Thoko Mokgosi-Mwantembe were appointed to the Board in April 2021

• Hajra Karrim was appointed on 1 November 2020

The following changes took place post financial year-end:

• Neville Brink, who was appointed as Interim CEO on 14 February 2022 and an executive director on 21 February 2022, is also the Managing

managing director, while Ralph

brings valuable retail and FMCG experience in finance, strategy, and M&A

and investor relations. We wish also to express our deep appreciation to

our partners, suppliers, customers, investors and lenders for their patience

and understanding throughout the uncertainty of the last few months,

and to the Oceana management team and to all of Oceana’s employees

for their role in helping Oceana to continue to thrive in challenging

times. The events this year have certainly tested us, but I believe that

the Company has risen to the challenge. Our values are clear, our culture

is strong, our operations are sound and it is time to move forward.

We wish also to express our deep appreciation

to our partners, suppliers, customers,

investors and lenders for their patience and

understanding throughout the uncertainty

of the last few months, and to the Oceana

management team and to all to Oceana’s

employees for their role in helping Oceana

thrive in challenging times.

Mustaq Brey

Chairman

25 March 2022

OCEANA GROUP

Integrated Report 2021

21:

letter of comfort on 27 September 2021 confirming the validity of the

claim subject to reinsurer payment, and the subsequent final document from the insurer on 6 October 2021 confirming the

final claim and payment of R63 million, with full receipt of funds on 27 October 2021. The debate centred on whether R58m of

the R63m was virtually certain.

Management and the forensic investigators interacted extensively with the insurer and reinsurer with regard to the extent of

certainty of the claim at year end. The Committee took cognisance of the technical opinions in this regard (including those

from the Insurance and the Re-insurance companies) that gave sufficient evidence to the certainty of the claim, but decided

to adopt a conservative approach to the recognition of the claim given the forensics issues raised by the external auditors in

this regard.

The final decision, informed by PwC’s view, was to reverse the raising of the full amount of R63m from 30 September 2021

and recognise it in the financial year ending 30 September 2022. A further R32m in respect of three other insurance amounts

previously reflected on the summary of audit differences were also reversed at the request of PwC on the grounds of not

being ‘virtually certain’ as at 30 September 2021.

These two reversals had a slight impact on the trading statement range released on 10 December 2021.

Other Significant

Matters

How Addressed by the Committee

Related party transactions

The Committee reviewed and updated the policy in respect of the treatment of related party transactions during 2021 and is

comfortable with the existing policy. Certain disclosure improvements were noted and implemented for the year ending 30

September 2021.

The Committee is comfortable that there are sufficient checks and balances to ensure that related party directors and officers

are recused from related decision making and governance processes.

Taxation

The group is exposed to amendments in tax laws in various jurisdictions.

Taxation

The charge for current taxation is based on the results for the year adjusted for income that is exempt and expenses that are

not deductible using tax rates that are applicable to the taxable income and the jurisdiction in which the entity operates.

Deferred taxation

Deferred taxation is recognised in profit or loss except when it relates to items credited or charged to other comprehensive

income, in which case it is also recognised in other comprehensive income.

A deferred taxation asset represents the amount of income taxes recoverable in future periods in respect of deductible

temporary differences, the carry forward of unused tax losses and the carry forward of unused tax credits. Deferred taxation

assets are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which deductible

temporary differences can be utilised. The deferred tax asset value is R6,7m as at 30 September 2021 and is considered to be

recoverable.

A deferred taxation liability represents the amount of income taxes payable in future periods in respect of taxable temporary

differences. Deferred taxation liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences, unless specifically exempt. The

deferred tax liability value is R500m at 30 September 2021.

The external auditors have highlighted the need for further assessment during the financial year ending 30 September 2022,

to assess the recoverability of the deferred taxation asset balance in Daybrook relating to capital losses, due to the proximity

of the expiry period ending 30 June 2023.:

