Letter from the chairman of

the Remco to shareholders: Dear shareholders

This report summarises the remuneration policy that

will apply to employees of Quantum Foods and its

subsidiaries in 2022. It also highlights the activities of

Quantum Foods’ Remco and addresses the outcomes

of the implementation of the 2021 remuneration policy.

As a provider of essential services, the Group’s

operations were fortunately largely unaffected

by COVID-19 with all employees receiving their

full guaranteed pay despite the various lockdown

periods. Group operations and profitability were

however affected by other market conditions

including, inter alia the outbreak of HPAI in South

Africa in April 2021, substantially higher feed costs,

the loss of a Western Cape live broiler customer and

the consequence of the disruption to the layer hen

placement programme that occurred in FY2020. These

factors, together with lower production and above

targeted cost increases in certain operations, resulted

in a 35% decline in headline earnings for FY2021 when

compared to FY2020.

2021 earnings were supported by improved

profitability from other African countries and stable

profitability from the feeds business, which partially

offset decreased profitability from the farming and

egg businesses. Profitability from the other African

countries was supported by an excellent performance

from the Zambian business, where demand for the

Group’s products was strong and resulted in improved

margins. Profitability from the Group’s farming

business was lower due to the exit of a Western Cape

broiler abattoir customer, weaker farming efficiencies

and above-targeted increases in overhead costs. The

loss of birds due to HPAI at a Western Cape layer

rearing farm further contributed to the lower earnings

from the farming business. HPAI also resulted in the

closure of borders which restricted planned livestock

export sales. Profitability from the egg business was

negative in H1 of 2021, but improved in H2 of 2021 due

to higher selling prices. However, the recovery was not

enough to offset the losses recognised in H1 of 2021.

The increase in selling prices was supported by the

decline in the South African layer flock during H1 of

2021, which was exacerbated by the outbreak of HPAI

in April 2021.

The Group’s performance is reflected in the outcomes

of our variable pay incentives. HEPS achieved for 2021

resulted in:

• A 100% vesting of the performance component

of the third tranche of share appreciation rights

(“SARs”) allocated in 2017

• 0% vesting of the performance component of the

second tranche of SARs allocated in 2018

• 0% vesting of the performance component of the

first tranche of SARs allocated in 2019

The employment period for the vesting of these

SARs will expire in February 2022, and the outcome

of vested SARs exercised will be included in the 2022

report. In addition, the Group profit achieved in 2021

resulted in a 0% vesting of the economic profit (“EP”)

component of the short-term incentive (“STI”) and 0%

vesting of the headline earnings before tax per share

(“HEBTPS”) component of the STI for 2021.

Quantum Foods’ financial performance is discussed in

the joint report of the chairman and CEO and in the

report from the CFO on pages 40 to 45.

The Remco made various key decisions in 2021.

These included:

Topic

Progress and actions arising

Total guaranteed pay

adjustments

The mandate to adjust total guaranteed pay by 4.25% was determined

by the Remco following consideration of inflation, the outcome of

benchmarking and affordability. The Remco approved additional

adjustments to the remuneration of a small number of senior managers as

an outcome of benchmarking. No additional adjustments were made to the

CEO’s and CFO’s total guaranteed pay.

National minimum wage and

farming sectoral and non-

sectoral employee salary

During the 2019 reporting period, employees at one of the Group’s operating

locations disputed the inclusion of certain cash-based employee benefits

in the calculation of their hourly pay. The Commission for Conciliation,

Mediation and Arbitration ruled in favour of the employees. The Company

decided to take the ruling to the Labour Court. Given the restrictions and

impact of COVID-19, this matter was only heard in August 2021, and, at the

date of this report, the outcome is pending. The Remco will continue to

oversee this process in 2022.

Short-term and long-term

incentives, outcomes and new

targets

The Remco reviewed the STI and long-term incentive (“LTI”) performance

outcomes for 2021 and considered new targets for 2022. Accordingly, the

financial and operational performance targets were reviewed and new

targets were set for FY2022. The Company’s LTI is the Equity-Settled Share

Appreciation Rights (“SAR”) Plan, and the headline earnings achieved for

2021 will be the baseline for determining achievement of the performance

conditions of allocations made to participants in February 2022.

COVID-19 did not play a role in setting targets for 2022 or in evaluating

actual performance against targets set for 2021.

Read more about this on page 82.

NED fees

The Remco considered the NED fees proposed at the February 2021 AGM

and will propose a 5% adjustment to the NED fees at the February 2022

AGM. At this AGM a specific adjustment in fees payable to the chairman of

the ARC and ARC committee members to reflect the workplan and workload

of this committee will also be proposed. In determining the proposed

increase, the Remco considered inflation, benchmarking against PwC’s

NEDs’ fees and practices report and the mandate for the adjustment in

guaranteed pay for employees.

The special resolution proposed to shareholders at the 19 February 2021

AGM for the payment of NED fees from 1 April 2021 was voted down. The

Company was therefore not authorised to pay fees for services rendered

by NED’s from this date.

Equal pay for work of equal

value

The Remco again reviewed the results of an equal pay for work of equal

value exercise and reviewed salary bands to ensure that these are market

related. Subsequent to the salary band review, the Company adjusted the

remuneration of some employees, where relevant, to ensure that these are

market related. This will remain an area of focus for the Remco to ensure

employees are remunerated fairly and any differential is justified.

In implementing the remuneration policy, the Remco considered the advice of remuneration consultants. These

consultants satisfied the Remco’s requirements for independence and objectivity.

