Managing Director

Ladismith Cheese

Qualifications: CA(SA), MBA

Appointed to the Exec: 2019

Years at Sea Harvest: 3 years, with

14 years at Ladismith Cheese

Committees: Member: EXEC

Experience: Senior roles at Deutsche Bank, DHL and the South

African National Defence Force, over 15 years' experience in the

dairy industry, former Chief Financial Officer and current Managing

Director of Ladismith Cheese.

Madoda Khumalo (35)

Chief Strategy Officer

Qualifications: BSc,

MSc (Oceanography)

Appointed to the Exec: 2015

Years at Sea Harvest: 8

Committees: Member: EXEC Invitee: SES

Experience: Extensive knowledge in marine science, with seagoing

research experience obtained at various institutions, such as DFFE

and the University of Cape Town; former Resource and Sustainability

Manager of Sea Harvest Corporation; and current Chief Strategy

Officer. Chairperson of SADSTIA’s scientific subcommittee.

Terence Brown (47)

Operations Director

Qualifications: National Diploma:

Mechanical Engineering

Appointed to the Exec: 2014

Years at Sea Harvest: 11

Committees: Member: EXEC Invitee: SES

Experience: Over 20 years’ experience in the local and

international fishing industry, former General Manager at Ireland

Blyth Limited, former Chairperson of SADSTIA, and current

Chairperson of the Sea Harvest Foundation.

Committees: Member: EXEC Invitee: SES

Mary-Lou Harry (62)

Human Resources Director

Qualifications: National Diploma:

Human Resources Management, MPhil

(Management Coaching), BCom (Hons)

Appointed to the Exec: 2008

Years at Sea Harvest: 14

Experience: Numerous senior management and executive

positions in the human resources field in the broadcasting

and engineering sectors, former Chairperson of South

African Fishing Industry Employers’ Organisation (SAFIEO),

former board member of Fishing Industry Medical Aid Scheme

(Fishmed) and the Food and Beverages Sector Education and

Training Authority (FoodBev SETA), and Executive Member of

the Bargaining Council for the Fishing Industry.

committees

AR Audit and Risk

N Nomination

R Remuneration

SES Social, Ethics and Sustainability

iH Investment and Hedging

EXEC Executive

17 | SEA HARVEST GROUP LIMITED INTEGRATED REPORT 2021:

Managing Director Viking

Aquaculture

Qualifications: BSc,

Business Administration

Appointed to the Exec: 2021

Years at Sea Harvest: 3

Committees: Member: EXEC

Experience: Over 25 years' experience in European and other

international FMCG businesses within fish, food and confectionery.

Various leadership positions in branded sales, marketing and

export with: MARS, Youngs, Findus and Nomad Foods. Current: Managing

managing director appointed at Viking Aquaculture.

Activities to enhance outcomes

¾ The Group recruits, develops and retains highly qualified

and experienced people and has a comprehensive

succession plan in place in respect of critical skills.

¾ A graduate programme ensuring the best talent is sourced

from leading institutions to be developed and grown within

the business.

¾ Actively manages relationships with both suppliers and customers.

¾ Continued integration of newly acquired business brands

into the Group structure.

¾ Longstanding and established relationships with suppliers

who go above and beyond during times of business

disruption due to external factors, such as COVID-19.

¾ Funding of skills development initiatives and programmes,

including our management leadership development

programmes, mentorships, apprenticeships, cadet

programmes and skills-specific learnerships.

outcomes

¾ Longstanding relationships with both suppliers and customers allowed the business to withstand turbulent headwinds in 2021,

most significantly allowing continued sales and operations during the COVID-19 pandemic.

¾ Acquisition of Mooivallei and BM Foods Group with the retention of key management.

¾ Refresh the Sea Harvest retail frozen fish range packaging.

¾ Refresh the Ladismith retail brand, website and packaging.

¾ Aquaculture focused its efforts on its abalone offering and divested from its mussel and ocean trout activities.

¾ Development and retention of highly talented and skilled people within the Group.

¾ Achieved enhanced online presence with increased social media activity.

COVID-19

¾ The role of the digital economy in Sea Harvest's business

has been enhanced by the COVID-19 pandemic.

¾ Virtual knowledge sharing between the various sites

provided learning across the Group and a sharing of

expertise to best manage the pandemic.

¾ Sea Harvest's centralised COVID-19 data management

and analysis team remained operational in 2021 to ensure

all sites were implementing the necessary measures and

protocols in response to the threat the pandemic posed to

the business and its employees.

CONTINUED

OUR CAPITALS AND

HOW WE MANAGE THEM

IC

49 | SEA HARVEST GROUP LIMITED INTEGRATED REPORT 2021:

managing director to oversee

the next exciting period for the business. The

new: managing director arrives with strong

sales and seafood experience and the target of

improving operational efficiencies, enhancing

quality and product formats, and delivering a

more diversified market portfolio.

OUR CEO'S REPORT CONTINUED

Sea Harvest Australia

Our journey in Australia, which started many decades

ago as a crucial market, has evolved into a key

operational beachhead since 2015. The 2021

reporting period yielded a record year for the Group

in Australia through our subsidiary, Sea Harvest

Australia. This stellar performance was primarily driven

by strong catches in our prawn, crab and scallop

operations in Shark Bay and good catches in our

Spanish Mackerel operations in the Kimberley region

of Western Australia (WA). That resulted in more

volume of our own wild-caught fisheries products,

which provides a greater return than utilising substitute

or traded product. This strong performance was also

largely facilitated by a firm market in Australia with

regards to price and volume due to the limited impact

from COVID-19. Furthermore, our South African wild-

caught products, which are traded by our business in

Australia, provided a particular impetus in the overall

result of our subsidiary, as more consumers enjoyed

their meals at home.

The business costs, however, continue to curtail the

translation of that performance to its overall financial

results. Over the past few years, we’ve worked at

addressing these costs and we have succeeded

in removing a large bulk of them. Nevertheless, a

transformative acquisition remains the only viable

option in ensuring a reduction in the cost base of the

business. Therefore, the primary focus in 2021 was

to complete a transformative acquisition with strong

synergies and scale. MG Kailis was identified as a

business that provides the right credentials for a

transformative acquisition, as it is of a very similar

size to our current business in Australia. Successfully

completing such an acquisition would double the size

of our operations in Western Australia and would

make Sea Harvest Australia significantly more relevant

in that market.

Cape Harvest Food Group

And finally, in terms of our food expansion strategy,

which is our last strategic pillar, we acquired a

controlling interest in BM Foods Group during 2021.

BM Foods Group is an agglomeration of the much-

loved Mediterranean Delicacies and Bettafresh,

together with the later additions of Tuna Marine, Judy's

Preserves and Chelsea Pies. The business currently

has three operations, two in Johannesburg and one in

Cape Town, with a national sales footprint throughout

South Africa, which is supported by strong management,

brands and access to retail markets.

The acquisition presents the Group with a great

beachhead for further growth in revenue and, in due

course, such an acquisition will give Sea Harvest more

relevance in the local retail and foodservice environment

in various categories within South Africa.

“

With these key strategic

modifications made in 2021,

we look forward to

harvesting the full potential

of our aquaculture operations.

65 | SEA HARVEST GROUP LIMITED INTEGRATED REPORT 2021

managing director with a

strong sales and marketing focus.

¾ Various capex projects to alleviate

overstocking in the Viking Aquaculture

operations were successfully completed

during the year.

¾ The business has reduced costs and started

producing and selling abalone in canned,

dried and frozen formats.

¾ Identified and started selling in

new markets.

¾ In order to curb losses, a strategic decision

was taken to discontinue the marginal

mussel and trout businesses.

¾ Abalone sales were severely affected

by the global COVID-19 lockdowns and

the expansion projects are on hold until

abalone markets recover.

¾ Likewise, oysters and mussels which are

sold in local foodservice were affected

by COVID-19 lockdowns

¾ Space to increase abalone volumes to

c.1 000 tonnes.

¾ Acquisition opportunities as a result of

the COVID-19 pandemic.

¾ Leverage our core

competencies to achieve

the organic and acquisitive

growth potential of Ladismith

Cheese.

¾ Expand our footprint of

factory shops.

¾ Identify and execute value-

enhancing acquisitions in the

South African food segment.

¾ Leverage the BM Foods

Group as a platform asset for

growth in the South African

food segment.

¾ In 2021, the Group invested in the growth

potential of Ladismith Cheese through

organic expansion increasing cheese,

butter and powder production capacity.

¾ In 2021, two new Sea Harvest branded

factory shops were opened.

¾ Reviewed a number of acquisition targets

during 2021.

¾ Ladismith Cheese acquired Mooivallei

on 02 August 2021; increasing cheese

capacity by 40% and raw material supply

by 15%, expanding industry skills and

expertise within the business, and

securing a strong, fixed asset base

and working capital.

¾ On 02 September 2021, the Group

acquired 53.7% of BM Foods Group,

thereby further diversifying in the FMCG

sector in South Africa and accessing

management and skills to further

consolidate in this space. The transaction

was backed by strong management and

a significant asset underpin, including

significant working capital.

¾ A number of organic growth projects

were initiated during 2019 with the

aim of increasing capacity in our

core cheese, butter and milk powder

business. These projects were

completed during the course of 2021.

¾ Acquisition opportunities arising as a

result of the COVID-19 pandemic.

Our CEO's Report | Our material cardinal points | Our strategy | Operational performance | Our CFO's Report

SEA HARVEST GROUP LIMITED INTEGRATED REPORT 2021 | 78:

letter issued by the JSE in May 2020,

(containing its expectations for reporting the

impact of covid-19) which should now be

reconsidered in the context of reporting the

impact of the July 2021 civil unrest.

The Committee has ensured that, where applicable, the

contents of these reports and previously issued reports

have been appropriately actioned in the preparation

of the consolidated and separate annual financial

statements for the year ended 31 December 2021.

JSE reporting requirements 3.84(k)

The Committee has considered the approach adopted

by management to ensure that the CEO and CFO

responsibility statement sign-off on the annual financial

statements and internal financial reporting controls

in terms of the JSE Listings Requirement 3.84(k) is

appropriately supported.

The Committee, in satisfying itself in this regard, has

evaluated:

¾ Consistency of the processes adopted in respect

of risk assessment and scoping, including the

determination of materiality applied to ensure that

significant areas of risk, complexity and judgement

are included for the evaluation of internal financial

reporting controls; and

¾ At each reporting period, the assessment of controls

following a combined assurance approach, including

management declarations and internal audit

findings, following their assessment of the operating

effectiveness of internal financial reporting controls.

The Committee is satisfied that the aforementioned

process was applied to all material subsidiaries; including

those acquired during the reporting period.

The Committee will continue to monitor progress in the

implementation of amended and supplementary controls

over financial reporting, and formal remediation plans

have been developed to address control deficiencies

identified, in operating effectiveness and design.

The Committee has discussed and documented the

basis for its conclusion, which includes discussions with

internal and external auditors as well as management.

The Committee believes that the Group’s internal

financial reporting controls can be relied upon as a

reasonable basis for the preparation of the annual

financial statements.

Conclusion

I wish to extend my thanks to my fellow Committee

members for the work undertaken during this

reporting period. On behalf of the Committee I wish

also to thank the invitee non-executive and executive

directors, management and assurance providers

for their contributions to the Committee this year.

Kari Ann Lagler

CA(SA)

31 March 2022:

