letter to stakeholders

22

Board of directors

24

Executive management

26

Chief executive officer’s report

28

Chief financial officer’s report

LIFESTYLE

AND SUSTAINABILITY

34

Development portfolio

36

Development pipeline

38

International awards

40

Lifestyle showcase

42

Development showcase

80

Building a sustainable future

FINANCIAL AND SHAREHOLDER

INFORMATION

104 Financial highlights

105

Compliance statements

106

Audit and risk committee report

111

Independent auditor’s report

112

Abridged consolidated financial

statements

128

Shareholder analysis

130

Notice of annual general meeting

137

Form of proxy

139

Corporate information

GOVERNANCE

85

Corporate governance report

91

Remuneration report

102

Social, ethics and transformation

committee report

ABOUT BALWIN PROPERTIES

1

Introducing our 2023 integrated report

3

Introducing Balwin Properties

5

2023 in review

6

Business model

8

Material risks

11

Stakeholder engagement

15

Strategic objectives

18

Investment case

Navigating the integrated report

This is an interactive report which allows for ease of navigation

using the buttons in the top right corner of each page as well as

accessing specific reports and online references. The following

tools will assist in navigating the report:

HOME: Return to home/contents page

PREVIOUS VIEW: Back to previously viewed page

NEXT PAGE

PREVIOUS PAGE

THE REID

GREENPARK

MOOIKLOOF ECO-ESTATE

MUNYAKA:

LETTER TO

STAKEHOLDERS

Hilton Saven: DEAR STAKEHOLDERS

The resilience born out of the pandemic has remained very much

in evidence over the past year as Balwin has navigated challenging

conditions in South Africa’s low growth, high inflationary

environment. The electricity load shedding crisis is having a

detrimental impact on business activity and weighing heavily on

the sentiment and well-being of many South Africans.

Against this weak macroeconomic background, it is pleasing to

report to shareholders that the group has grown headline earnings

per share by 21% to 91.49 cents and increased the total dividend by

15%. The performance has been supported by prudent capital and

treasury management, with net cash generated from operations

of R245 million compared to cash utilisation of R141 million last year.

The group’s total cash increased by R105 million to R772 million and

R20 million was returned to shareholders through the share buy-

back programme.

Successive interest rate increases have compounded the

financial stress facing South African consumers and the higher

debt servicing costs is placing further pressure on the property

development sector. However, we believe that the group’s

investment case remains resilient and compelling.

Balwin is well positioned to address the undersupply of housing

in South Africa through its long-term development pipeline,

backed by the proven business model which has been applied

in approximately 100 large-scale developments over the years.

In addition, the group has a small but growing annuity revenue

business, with promising prospects in the medium term.

The group’s building quality, health and safety, and environmental

management has been certified to international standards, with

the commitment to sustainable building practices reflected in

nine properties being Six-Star Green rated, more than any other

company globally.

CEO Steve Brookes, managing director Rodney Gray and our

chief projects officer Ulrich Gschnaidtner have together led the

development of our large-scale residential estates for over 25

years. During this time they have encountered several economic

downturns and the board has full confidence in the management

team steering the business through the current challenging

conditions. Importantly, our CEO and other senior executives are

significant shareholders in Balwin which ensures that the interests

of management and investors are aligned.

Balwin secured a secondary listing on the A2X Markets stock

exchange shortly before year end in February 2023, becoming the

first specialist residential property developer to list on the fledgling

bourse. The A2X listing complements our primary listing on the

Johannesburg Stock Exchange and offers investors greater access

to Balwin shares, while potentially attracting new investors through

the lower trading costs offered on the A2X platform.

Two new directors were appointed in the past year. As we advised

shareholders in last year’s integrated report, chief financial officer

(CFO) Jonathan Weltman resigned due to health reasons at the

end of March 2022. On behalf of the board, I reiterate our thanks to

Jonathan for his outstanding contribution and we wish him well.

Jonathan Bigham was appointed as CFO and an executive director

with effect from 1 April 2022, in line with the company’s succession

plan. Jonathan has been in his new role for over a year and is

making an excellent contribution in leading the finance, capital

management, treasury and administration functions.

One of our longest-serving board members, Kholeka Mzondeki,

who was appointed as a director shortly before the group’s listing

in 2015, retired at the annual general meeting in August 2022.

Kholeka played a valuable role as a board member and as chairman

of the audit and risk committee, and we thank her for sharing her

extensive business experience and wise counsel.

Following Kholeka’s retirement, Tomi Amuson was appointed

as chairman of the audit and risk committee. He has served as a

member of the committee since 2017 and is a chartered accountant

with wide-ranging financial and commercial experience.

We welcomed Keneilwe Moloko as an independent non-executive

director with effect from 19 August 2022. She has also been

appointed as a member of the audit and risk committee and the

social, ethics and transformation committee. A quantity surveyor

who spent nearly a decade in the construction industry, Keneilwe

later qualified as a chartered accountant and gained experience in

the property and financial services sectors. She is currently a non-

executive director of two other listed companies and has previously

served on the board of two listed property companies.

BALWIN PROPERTIES INTEGRATED REPORT 2023 20

LETTER TO STAKEHOLDERS continued

INZIGA ECO ESTATE

BALWIN PROPERTIES INTEGRATED REPORT 2023 21:

Managing director

Rodney is the: managing director

of Balwin with over 25 years’

experience in the position.

Prior to joining Balwin, Rodney

was the director of a project

management company Nostrum,

which managed one of Balwin’s

developments at the time and

was appointed in 1997 as a partner

to Steve Brookes.

THABA-ECO VILLAGE

THE BLYDE

BALWIN PROPERTIES INTEGRATED REPORT 2023 24

Managing director (MD)*

35% of package

70% of package

105% of package

Chief projects officer (CPO)*

30% of package

60% of package

90% of package

* The MD and CPO are prescribed officers and members of the executive committee.

Discretionary bonuses may be awarded to employees who perform above and beyond their responsibilities, regardless of company performance, as nominated by management and approved by the

committee and board.

VARIABLE REMUNERATION: LTIs

Selected employees participate in the LTI scheme. The LTI scheme rules are approved and adapted from time to time at the discretion of the board:

Instruments

Allocation frequency and quantum

Performance conditions

Performance and

employment period

Vesting profile

Under the CSP, rights

are offered in the form

of performance shares,

bonus shares and/or

retention shares.

Performance shares are awarded in specific

circumstances subject to the discretion of the

committee.

Bonus shares are awarded annually, to the extent

that an STI was payable, at a ratio of a 1:1 match to the

actual STI paid in terms of the preceding financial year.

Retention shares are only awarded in special

circumstances with the aim to attract and retain

specific and sought after talent, subject to the

discretion of the committee.

Any performance condition attached to performance

shares shall be objective and representative of a fair

measure of performance.

These awards are linked to STI performance and

therefore no further performance conditions are

applicable. These awards are subject to continued

employment only.

These shares are subject to continued employment

only.

Three years and no

resetting or retesting of

performance targets are

allowed.

Shares vest in full on the

expiry of the prescribed

vesting period (and

subject to performance

conditions where

applicable).

BALWIN PROPERTIES INTEGRATED REPORT 2023 96:

managing director and the chief projects officer. The remuneration of the prescribed officers is

disclosed in the remuneration implementation report as well as the annual financial statements.

An annual guaranteed bonus, in addition to the STI, is contractually payable to the chief projects

officer in terms of his employment contract, calculated at 1.75% of the company’s profit after tax.

NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR FEES

Non-executive directors receive annual retainer fees for serving on the board and board

committees. None of the non-executive directors have service contracts with the group and no

consultancy fees were paid to directors during the year.

In line with best governance practice, non-executive directors do not participate in incentive

schemes.

Non-executive director fees are reviewed annually, taking into account the responsibilities of the

directors as well as relevant external benchmarking data. Increases to non-executive director fees

are considered each year against the average increase levels/percentages approved across the

organisation.

The proposed fees for the 2024 financial year, which reflect an increase of 5% on the prior year, are

subject to approval by shareholders at the AGM in August 2023.

Proposed

fees for the

year ending

29 February

2024

Fees paid for

the year

ended

28 February

2023

Chairperson of the board

R564 700

R537 800

Member of the board

R237 800

R226 500

Chairperson of the audit and risk committee

R237 800

R226 500

Member of the audit and risk committee

R190 400

R181 300

Chairperson of the social, ethics and transformation committee

R190 400

R181 300

Member of the social, ethics and transformation committee

R158 700

R151 100

Chairperson of the remuneration and nominations committee

R190 400

R181 300

Member of the remuneration and nominations committee

R158 700

R151 100

Chairperson of the transaction committee

R207 600

R197 700

Member of the transaction committee

R148 200

R141 100

Chairperson of the treasury committee

R207 600

–

Member of the treasury committee

R148 200

–

PART III: REMUNERATION IMPLEMENTATION REPORT 2023

The committee confirms that the remuneration policy has been consistently applied in the 2023

financial year, achieved its objectives and that there have been no deviations from the policy.

GUARANTEED REMUNERATION: ANNUAL SALARY INCREASE

The committee approved an average performance-linked salary increase of 10.0% (2022: 6.0%)

for all employees, excluding executive directors, effective 1 July 2022. Executive directors and

prescribed officers received a 6% increase (2022: 6%).

VARIABLE REMUNERATION: STI

An annual performance bonus totaling R17.9 million will be paid to executives and prescribed

officers (2022: R10.8 million) based on the achievement of 108% of the approved company

scorecard used to determine company performance.

BALWIN PROPERTIES INTEGRATED REPORT 2023 97:

letter, the plan and

the budgeted audit fees payable to the external auditor;

• considered whether any reportable irregularities were

identified and reported by the external auditor in terms of the

Auditing Profession Act, No. 26 of 2005; and

• considered any reported control weaknesses, management’s

response for their improvement and assessed their impact on

the general control environment.

AUDIT AND RISK COMMITTEE REPORT continued

This is the third year which BDO has performed the external

audit function. The committee is satisfied that BDO is

independent of the group after taking the following factors into

account:

• representations made by BDO to the committee;

• the auditor does not, except as external auditor or in rendering

permitted non-audit services, receive any remuneration or

other benefit from the company;

• the auditors’ independence was not impaired by any

consultancy, advisory or other work undertaken by the

auditor; and

• the criteria specified for independence by the Independent

Regulatory Board for Auditors and international regulatory

bodies.

INTERNAL AUDIT

The committee:

• reviewed and approved the internal audit charter and annual

audit plan and evaluated the independence, effectiveness

and performance of the internal audit department and

compliance with its charter;

• satisfied themselves that the quality, experience and expertise

of the internal audit function and the chief audit executive is

appropriate;

• interviewed the newly appointed chief audit executive to

assess his experience and communicate the expectations of

the committee in fulfilling his responsibilities;

• considered the reports of the internal auditor on the group’s

system of internal control including financial controls, business

risk management and maintenance of effective internal

control systems; and

• reviewed significant issues raised by the internal audit

processes and the adequacy of corrective action in response

to significant internal audit findings.

BALWIN PROPERTIES INTEGRATED REPORT 2023 108:

letter relating to the consolidated

and separate annual financial statements which was signed by

management;

• considered any concerns identified and reviewed any

significant legal and tax matters that could have a material

impact on the financial statements; and

• considered accounting treatments, significant unusual

transactions and accounting judgments.

SIGNIFICANT AREAS OF JUDGEMENTS AND

SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTIES

In arriving at the figures disclosed in the consolidated and

separate annual financial statements there are many areas

where judgement is needed. These are outlined in note 1.2 to

the consolidated and separate annual financial statements.

The committee has considered the quantum of the assets and

liabilities on the statements of financial position and other items

that require significant judgement and decided to note the

following:

Assumptions and estimation uncertainties

• Recognition of cost of constructed residential apartments sold;

• Net realisable value of developments under construction;

• Preparation of cash flow forecasts;

• Valuation of the IFRS 2 BEE share option;

• Fair value of investment properties; and

• Fair value of business combination transactions.

RISK MANAGEMENT AND INFORMATION

TECHNOLOGY (IT) GOVERNANCE

The committee:

• ensured that intellectual property contained in information

systems is protected;

• ensured that adequate business arrangements are in place for

disaster recovery;

• assessed and increased the insurance coverage for cyber

liability risks;

• ensured that all personal information is treated by the

company as an important business asset and is safeguarded

as per the Protection of Personal Information Act;

• approved the IT governance framework; and

• reviewed the group’s policies on risk assessment and risk

management, including fraud risks and IT risks pertaining to

financial reporting and the going concern assessment, and

found them to be sound.

LEGAL AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS

To the extent that these may have an impact on the

consolidated and separate annual financial statements, the

committee:

• reviewed legal matters that could have a material impact

on the group and considered whether any provisions or

disclosures are required under the International Accounting

Standard 37: Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent

Assets (“IAS 37”);

• reviewed the adequacy and effectiveness of the group’s

procedures, including its risk management framework, to

ensure compliance with legal and regulatory responsibilities;

• monitored complaints received via the group’s whistleblowing

service. No complaints were reported; and

• considered reports provided by management, internal audit

and the external auditor regarding compliance with legal and

regulatory requirements.

BALWIN PROPERTIES INTEGRATED REPORT 2023 109:

letter and any copies hereof are destroyed after use.

Yours sincerely

__________________________

BDO South Africa Incorporated

Registered Auditors

Vianca Pretorius

Registered Auditor

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT ON

ABRIDGED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

OPINION

The abridged consolidated financial statements of Balwin Properties Limited and its subsidiaries,

contained in the accompanying provisional report, which comprise the abridged consolidated

statement of financial position as at 28 February 2023, the abridged consolidated statement of

comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for the year then ended, and related

notes, are derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of Balwin Properties

Limited and its subsidiaries for the year ended 28 February 2023.

In our opinion, the accompanying abridged consolidated financial statements are consistent, in

all material respects, with the audited consolidated financial statements, in accordance with the

requirements of the JSE Limited Listings Requirements for provisional reports, set out in note 1 to

the abridged financial statements and the requirements of the Companies Act of South Africa as

applicable to abridged financial statements.

ABRIDGED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The abridged consolidated financial statements do not contain all the disclosures required by

International Financial Reporting Standards and the requirements of the Companies Act of South

Africa as applicable to annual financial statements. Reading the abridged consolidated financial

statements and the auditor’s report thereon, therefore, is not a substitute for reading the audited

consolidated financial statements and the auditor’s report thereon.

THE AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND OUR

REPORT THEREON

We expressed an unmodified audit opinion on the audited consolidated financial statements in

our report dated 22 May 2023. That report also includes communication of key audit matters. Key

audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance

in our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were

addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in

forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE SUMMARY CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors are responsible for the preparation of the abridged consolidated financial

statements in accordance with the requirements of the JSE Limited Listings Requirements for

provisional reports, set out in note 1 to the abridged financial statements, and the requirements of

the Companies Act of South Africa as applicable to abridged financial statements.

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITY

Our responsibility is to express an opinion on whether the abridged consolidated financial

statements are consistent, in all material respects, with the audited consolidated financial

statements based on our procedures, which were conducted in accordance with International

Standard on Auditing (ISA) 810 (Revised), Engagements to Report on Abridged Financial

Statements.

BDO South Africa Incorporated

Registered Auditors

Vianca Pretorius

Director

Registered Auditor

22 May 2023

Wanderers Office Park

52 Corlett Drive

Illovo, 2196

BALWIN PROPERTIES INTEGRATED REPORT 2023 111:

letter of representation in

terms of the custody agreement entered into between such

shareholders and the CSDP or broker. These instructions

should preferably be provided to the CSDP or broker by the

cut-off time and date advised by the CSDP or Broker for

instructions of this nature.

3. Dematerialised shareholders, other than own-name

registered dematerialised shareholders, who are unable to

attend the AGM and who wish to be represented thereat,

must provide their CSDP or broker with their voting

instructions in terms of the custody agreement entered into

between them and the CSDP or broker in the manner and

time stipulated therein.

4. Shareholders present in person, by proxy or by authorised

representative shall, on a show of hands, have one vote each

and, on a poll, will have one vote in respect of each share

held. TMS will assist shareholders with the requirements

for electronic participation in, and/or voting at, the AGM.

TMS is further obliged to validate (in correspondence with

the company and, in particular, the transfer secretary,

Computershare Limited (“Computershare”), and your CSDP)

each such Shareholder’s entitlement to participate in and/

or vote at the AGM, before providing it with the necessary

means to access the annual general meeting and/or the

associated voting platform.

5. Shareholders will be liable for their own network charges

in relation to electronic participation in and/or voting at the

AGM. Any such charges will not be for the account of the JSE,

the company and/or TMS. The JSE, the company, and/or TMS

cannot be held accountable in the case of loss of network

connectivity or other network failure due to insufficient

airtime, internet connectivity, internet bandwidth and/or

power outages which prevents any such shareholder from

participating in and/or voting at the annual general meeting.

AGENDA

Presentation and consideration of the consolidated and

separate annual financial statements of Balwin, including the

reports of the directors, the audit and risk committee and the

social, ethics and transformation committee for the year ended

28 February 2023. The complete annual financial statements

for the year ended 28 February 2023, together with these

reports are available for inspection at the registered office of the

company, 105 Corlett Drive, Melrose, Johannesburg and on the

website www.balwin.co.za; and

NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

BALWIN PROPERTIES INTEGRATED REPORT 2023 130:

letter of representation to attend the meeting or to be represented thereat by proxy. This must be done in terms of the custody agreement between the member

and his/her CSDP or broker. These instructions must be preferably provided to the CSDP or broker by the cut-off time and date advised by the CSDP or Broker for

instructions of this nature.

5.

Forms of proxy must be lodged at the company’s transfer secretaries and TMS as set out above.

6.

The completion and lodging of this form of proxy shall not preclude the relevant shareholder from attending the meeting and speaking and voting in person thereat to

the exclusion of any proxy appointed in terms hereof.

7.

Documentary evidence establishing the authority of the person signing this form of proxy in a representative or other legal capacity must be attached to this form of

proxy unless previously recorded by the company’s transfer secretaries or waived by the chairman of the meeting.

8.

Any alteration or correction made to this form of proxy must be initialled by the signatory/ies.

9.

The chairman of the annual general meeting may reject or accept any form of proxy which is completed and/or received, other than in compliance with these notes

provided that, in respect of acceptances, he is satisfied as to the manner in which the shareholder(s) concerned wish(es) to vote.

10.

Where there are joint holders of shares:

(i)

any one holder may sign the form of proxy; and

(ii)

the vote of the senior (for that purpose seniority will be determined by the order in which the names of shareholders appear in the register of members) who

tenders a vote (whether in person or by proxy) will be accepted to the exclusion of the vote(s) of the other joint holder(s) of shares.

11.

A minor must be assisted by his/her parent or guardian unless the relevant documents establishing his/her legal capacity are produced or have been registered by the

company’s transfer secretaries.

12.

On a show of hands, every shareholder present in person or represented by proxy shall have only one vote, irrespective of the number of shares he/she holds or

represents.

13.

On a poll, every shareholder present in person or represented by proxy shall have one vote for every share held by such shareholder.

14.

This form of proxy may be used at any adjournment or postponement of the annual general meeting, including any postponement due to a lack of quorum, unless

withdrawn by the shareholder.

BALWIN PROPERTIES INTEGRATED REPORT 2023 138:

