Managing Director

of Snozone

Louise Ash

HR Director,

Snozone

Olivia Grout

PA Operations

D&I Committee

Marketing Managers

Committee (shopping centres)

Employee Voice Committee

ESG Community Committee

(shopping centres)

People

Committee

Communities

Committee

Governing ESG

C&R’s ESG strategy is governed by our ESG Committee,

who is responsible for ensuring accountability, its

implementation across the business, and identifying

opportunities where ESG can be further integrated into

operations. The Committee meets quarterly to receive

updates on activities and progress against targets and is

supported by three subcommittees, each responsible for

monitoring progress against the targets of the strategic

pillars.

Sara Jennings, Director of Operations & Guest Experience,

and Nick Philips,: Managing

Managing Director Snozone sit on both the ESG

Committee and SLT. This ensures that climate-related risks

are assessed and managed throughout all levels of the

organisation. The SLT is also responsible for reviewing on

a deal-by-deal basis whether acquisitions and divestments

align with our ESG Strategy, ensuring that climate-related

risks are considered throughout the property lifecycle.

Operational Management is responsible for the

implementation and maintenance of climate-related risk

management procedures, as well as the identification

of climate-related risks and the mitigating controls and

actions required at the asset level. The Operational

Management team escalate climate-related risks that are

identified at the asset level to the SLT. These are assessed

and integrated into the Climate-related risk matrix

and escalated to the ESG Committee, Board and Audit

committee as necessary.

As part of the climate risk assessment undertaken in late

2021, we conducted a detailed climate risk governance gap

analysis, aligned with TCFD recommendations to understand

how to best oversee and manage climate-related risks

throughout our governance structures. In late 2023 we

developed and began implementing our Climate Adaptation

Plan, thus extending our formal governance of climate-

related risks and opportunities across the investment

lifecycle and enhancing our ESG Committee’s and SLT’s

oversight and management of climate-related risks.

As part of the Climate Adaptation Plan, four adaptation

tools have been developed:

1. Climate Risk Acquisition Checklist.

2. Climate Resilience Framework.

3. Retail Technical Design Guide: Sustainable Fit-out

Measures.

4. Climate Adaptation Conflict Tool.

Ultimate responsibility for overseeing the integration of

each tool into our investment decisions is assigned to SLT

individuals, ensuring that climate-related considerations

are actively addressed at key stages of an asset’s lifecycle:

Acquisitions, Refurbishments, Lettings & occupier

engagement, Operations & property management.

Responsibility for each tool within our Climate Adaptation

Plan currently follows:

• The Climate Risk Acquisition Checklist – James

Ryman, Investment Director, and Stuart Wetherly,

Group Finance Director.

• The Climate Resilience Framework – Daniel Fleming,

Senior Development Project Manager, and Sara

Jennings, Director of Operations & Guest Experience.

• The Sustainable Fit-out Measures –Frankie

Chrysanthou, Commercial Director, Daniel Fleming,

Senior Development Project Manager, and Sara

Jennings, Director of Operations & Guest Experience.

• The Climate Adaptation Conflict Tool – Daniel

Fleming, Senior Development Project Manager, and Sara

Jennings, Director of Operations & Guest Experience.

A detailed overview of our Governance structure can be

found in the Corporate Governance section on pages

122–133 of our 2023 Annual Report.

Capital & Regional PLC Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 30 December 2023

111

Strategic Report:

Managing Director,

and has over 20 years’ experience in the

property industry. Prior to Blackstone,

Lawrence was at Hammerson plc for

four years, the last three as Managing

Director - UK Retail, before which he

spent almost seven years at Henderson

Global Investors.

External appointments

• None

Stuart Wetherly

Group Finance Director

and Company Secretary

Appointed 2019

Relevant skills and experience

Stuart joined Capital & Regional as

Group Financial Controller in October

2012, and was additionally appointed

Company Secretary in April 2013. He

was appointed Group Finance Director

in March 2019. Prior to joining Capital

& Regional, Stuart spent 12 years at

Deloitte in London where he qualified

as a Chartered Accountant. Stuart also

worked in a group finance role at Johnson

Matthey plc.

External appointments

• None

Non-executive Directors

David Hunter

Chairman of the Board

Committee membership N

Appointed 2020

Relevant skills and experience

David has many years’ experience in UK and

international real estate markets, including 19 years

as an independent adviser and professional non-

executive director. His current roles include Chairman

at Dar Global plc. His background includes previous

board level positions in the UK and overseas. He is a

Senior Adviser to ICG Real Estate, a leading real estate

debt fund manager. Prior to 2005, David was Managing

Director of Aberdeen Property Investors and in 2004

he was President of the British Property Federation.

External appointments

• DAR Global plc (Chairman)

• ICG-Longbow (Senior Adviser)

Ian Krieger

Non-Executive*

Committee membership A N R

Appointed 2014

Relevant skills and experience

Ian is the Audit Committee Chairman and Senior

Independent Director at Primary Health Properties

PLC. Aside from his Non-Executive Director experience;

Ian also brings extensive financial expertise from

having previously been a senior partner and vice-

chairman at Deloitte until his retirement in 2012.

External appointments

• Primary Health Properties plc (Audit Committee

Chair, Senior Independent Director)

Capital & Regional PLC Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 30 December 2023

123

Board of Directors:

Managing Director. Nick started

his career with Aldi, joining them in

their embryonic stages in the UK as a

regional New Store Openings Manager

in the northwest. He then went on to

hold a number of positions with Lidl

and Whitbread PLC as David Lloyd

Leisure’s Regional Director for the

south of England before becoming

their Sales & Operations Director for

the UK & Europe.

Frankie Chrysanthou

Commercial Director

Sara Jennings

Director of Operations

& Guest Experience

Nick Phillips: Managing Director

Snozone

James Ryman

Investment Director

Capital & Regional PLC Annual Report and Accounts for the year ended 30 December 2023

125

3 - 6 years

1 - 3 years

6 - 9 years

3

4

1

Board tenure

Average tenure – 5.1 years

Male

Female

75%

25%

Board gender split (%)

Executive Directors

