Dear Shareholders,

Dear Sir or Madam,

We can look back on an eventful ﬁnancial year

2022/2023, in which we faced a number of different

challenges for the ﬁrst time in our still relatively young

Company history.

The ﬁnancial year was characterised by the continuing

uncertainty of the overall global economic situation,

which was inﬂuenced in particular by the Russian -

Ukrainian war and the associated economic and politi-

cal consequences. In addition, issues such as spiralling

energy prices, shortages of commodities, supply bottle-

necks and the lack of skilled workers were omnipresent

across all sectors of society. After a decade of very low

interest rates, the ECB's change in interest rate policy

led to signiﬁcant distortions throughout the property

sector and a cautious approach by most players on the

investment market. A decline in transactions across all

properties was particularly noticeable in the 2023 cal-

endar year. DKR has also postponed its planned acqui-

sitions for the 2022/2023 ﬁnancial year, partly due to

this challenging overall situation.

DKR's operating business proved to be stable as usual

in this difﬁcult environment. Due to the predomi-

nantly non-cyclical local retail tenant structure and

inﬂation-protected rental income, DKR's existing port-

folio proved to be a comparatively resilient investment

vehicle in the overall situation. This development also

underpins the importance of bricks-and-mortar retail.

The following should be noted for the past ﬁnancial

year 2022/2023:

DKR was able to increase its rental income by 7.2%

year-on-year from a good EUR 74.4 million to

EUR 79.7 million, which is primarily attributable to

acquisitions in the previous year and rent increases

due to value protection clauses. Funds from operations

("FFO") fell in turn by a good 19.4% to EUR 33.1 mil-

lion, which is primarily due to the signiﬁcant decline

in the ﬁnancial result. The leverage ratio ("LTV") was

61.6% on the reporting date due to the devaluation of

the property portfolio and thus temporarily above the

target value; the (fully diluted) EPRA NTA amounted to

EUR 7.64 per share on the reporting date.

The existing portfolio was expanded by a total of nine

properties compared to the previous year – with twelve

acquisitions and three sales – and comprises 184 retail

properties with a total annual net cold rent of

EUR 79.7 million as at the reporting date. The

weighted average remaining lease term ("WALT")

across the portfolio is at a solid level of 5.0 years.

As in the property sector as a whole, the signiﬁcant

change in the interest rate environment over the

course of the ﬁnancial year and a standstill in the

transaction market led to a decline in valuation in the

annual portfolio valuation for the ﬁrst time since DKR

was founded. As a result, the portfolio book value fell

by around 9% compared to the previous year and

totalled EUR 995.4 million on the valuation date.

Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG To our shareholders

2:

managing director, Mrs Antje

Lubitz has extensive competences in the ﬁeld of

accounting. In addition, the Supervisory Board Mem-

bers are currently successively acquiring competences

in the context of sustainability reporting, which will

be obligatory in the future.

The CVs of the members of the Supervisory Board are

published under https://www.deutsche-konsum.de/en/

in the category “Company” under the menu item

“Supervisory Board”.

Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG Corporate Governance Statement

14:

Dear Shareholders,

in the 2022/2023 ﬁnancial year, the Supervisory

Board of Deutsche Konsum REITAG (“DKR”) duly

fulﬁlled the duties mandated by law, the Articles of

Association and the Rules of Procedure.

Cooperation between the Supervisory Board and the

Management Board

The Supervisory Board continuously monitored and

advised the Management Board on the management

of the Company. The Supervisory Board regularly

exercised its right to information by requesting and

following up on close reporting from the Manage-

ment Board on current developments at the Compa-

ny. The Supervisory Board was directly involved

in decisions of fundamental importance to the Com-

pany. The Supervisory Board requested regular and

comprehensive reports from the Management Board,

both in writing and orally, on corporate planning,

the course of business, strategic development of the

Company's current net assets, earnings and ﬁnancial

position, as well as on the measures taken to stabilise

these.

The Chairman of the Supervisory Board was also

regularly informed by the Management Board about

current developments in the business situation and

signiﬁcant business events outside of formal Super-

visory Board meetings. In addition, the Chairman of

the Supervisory Board kept in regular contact with

the Management Board and discussed issues concern-

ing strat egy, planning, business development, risk

situation and risk management as well as compliance

of the Company.

In the reporting year, Mr Hans-Ulrich Sutter was

Chairman of the Supervisory Board until his resigna-

tion from the Supervisory Board at the end of the

Company's Annual General Meeting on 13 July 2023.

Mr Rolf Elgeti held this ofﬁce for the period from 21

July 2023 to 13 November 2023. At the Supervisory

Board meeting on 13 November 2023, Mr Sebastian

Wasser was then elected Chairman of the Supervisory

Board and has held this ofﬁce ever since. Mr Achim

Betz held the position of Deputy Chairman of the

Supervisory Board throughout the reporting period

and continues to do so.

The members of the Supervisory Board always

had ample opportunity to critically examine the

resolutions proposed by the Management Board

and to make their own suggestions. In particular,

the members of the Supervisory Board discussed and

assessed the plausibility of all signiﬁcant business

transactions for the Company on the basis of written

and verbal reports prepared by the Management

Board. In several cases, the Supervisory Board delved

in detail with the risk situation of the Company, li-

quidity planning and the equity situation. In

addition, the Management Board also reported to the

Supervisory Board on the proﬁtability of the Compa-

ny, particularly the proﬁtability of its equity at the

balance sheet meeting.

Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG Report of the Supervisory Board

20:

Managing Director ehret + klein Capital Markets

GmbH and related companies

Achim Betz

Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board

and Chairman of the Audit Committee,

German CPA and Tax Consultant,

Master in Business Administration (Diplom-

Kaufmann)

Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG Composition of the Management Board and Supervisory Board

28:

Managing Director

3PM Services GmbH

The CVs of the members of the Management Board and Super visory Board are published under

https://www.deutsche-konsum.de/en/ in the category “Company” under the menu items “Management

Board” respectively “Super visory Board”.

Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG Composition of the Management Board and Supervisory Board

29:

letter dated 5 April 2023 and initially

deferred until September 2023 on the basis of an ini-

tial repayment agreement. After repayment was not

made by September 2023, DKR and Obotritia agreed

on a new repayment and collateral agreement, which,

among other things, provides for a further deferral of

the claim until mid-2025 at the latest, in return for

which collateral in rem will be provided. This agree-

ment was notarised on 9 December 2023. The re-

maining carrying amount of the nominal loan receiv-

able of TEUR 12,808.6 therefore falls into the

“forborne” classiﬁcation as at the reporting date.

No value adjustments were recognised on other

ﬁnancial assets.

2.6.

Income tax refund claims

Due to the REIT status and the associated tax exemp-

tion of the Company, (capital) income taxes were

previously offset against the tax provisions. Due to

the decision of the Berlin-Brandenburg Fiscal Court

with regard to the granting of the suspension of en-

forcement of the tax assessments received, DKR has

decided, as a precautionary measure, to no longer

recognise income tax refund claims and to derecog-

nise existing claims.

Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG Notes

120:

letter with a notice

period of three months. Interest will only be charged

on the outstanding amount; commitment interest

will not be charged additionally. The interest rate is

8.0% and is calculated annually. The interest pay-

ments are deferred and are due at the latest upon ter-

mination of the loan. No collateral was agreed. In the

2022/2023 ﬁnancial year, TEUR 0.0 of this amount

was utilised (previous year: TEUR 0.0). No interest

expenses were incurred for the 2022/2023 ﬁnancial

year.

A framework loan agreement was concluded with

Obotritia Capital KGaA on 30 April 2015, under

which the company can provide a loan to Obotritia

Capital KGaA. The loan facility was increased to up to

TEUR 95,000.0 with the last addendum dated 1 May

2020. The interest payments are deferred and are due

at the latest upon termination of the loan.

The contract was terminated prematurely by DKR in a

proper and timely manner in a: letter dated 5 April

2023 with effect from 4 July 2023. An initial repay-

ment agreement was concluded between the contract-

Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG Notes

143

Managing Director,

ehret + klein Capital Markets

GmbH and related companies,

Starnberg

• None

Achim Betz

Deputy Chairman of the

Supervisory Board

Member and Deputy Chairman

since November 2014.

Chairman of the Audit Committee

since January 2022.

German CPA and Tax Consultant,

Master in Business Administration,

ba audit gmbh Wirtschaftsprü-

fungs-gesellschaft, Berlin

(Managing Partner).

• Hevella Capital GmbH & Co. KGaA, Potsdam (Chairman of the

Supervisory Board, until 14 June 2023)

• Deutsche Leibrenten Grundbesitz AG, Frankfurt am Main

(Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board)

• NeXR Technologies SE, Berlin (Deputy Chairman of the Administrative

Board), listed company

• Bankhaus Obotritia GmbH, Munich (Member of the Audit Committee,

until 31 March 2023)

Johannes C. G. (Hank) Boot

Member of the Supervisory Board

Member since April 2016.

CIO,

Lotus Family Offce, London

• Francotyp-Postalia Holding AG, Berlin (Member of the Supervisory

Board), listed company

• Gerlin NV, Maarsbergen, The Netherlands (Member of the

Supervisory Board)

• Orange Horizon Capital Group S.A., Leudelange, Luxembourg

(Director/ Member of the Administrative Board), listed company

Antje Lubitz

Member of the Supervisory Board

since July 2023.

Member since July 2023.

Member of the Audit Committee

from July 2023.: Managing Director,

3PM Services GmbH, Berlin.

• None

Rolf Elgeti

Member of the Supervisory Board

since July 2023.

letter dated 11 January 2023. The Management Board‘s decla-

ration of compliance with the REIT criteria is under reserve until approval by the auditor, which will occur

presumably in January 2024.

1 Based on the remaining net income for the year after creation of the reinvestment reserve in accordance with Section 13 (3) REITG.

2 Excluding deferred taxes.

Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG

Potsdam, 18 December 2023

The Management Board

Alexander Kroth

Member of the

Management Board (CIO)

Christian Hellmuth

Member of the

Management Board (CFO)

Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG Declaration of compliance with the requirements of the REITG

170:

