Managing Director within the

Power and Renewables team at Denham Capital

and prior to that was the CEO of BioTherm

Energy. With over 21 years’ experience in

investing and building companies in the energy

and technology sectors, she has previously

worked in private equity, investment banking

and strategy consulting in international markets.

She also worked for PCG Asset Management

in California, Lehman Brothers in London, as

well as Brait Private Equity in South Africa.

She is a World Economic Forum Young Global

Leader and has been listed in the Power Elites

in 2017 and was winner of the Africa Utility Week,

2019 Outstanding Contribution to Power Award.

Qualifications

BCom (Hons), Chartered Financial Analyst

Appointment date

1 July 2020

James was employed at Barnard Jacobs Mellet,

a prominent South African stockbroker from

1996 to 2003 where he covered various sectors

including real estate. James was the CEO of

Emira Property Fund from 2004 to 2015. He was

appointed as the CEO of Castleview Property

Fund, a REIT listed on the JSE’s AltX, in 2017.

Qualifications

BCom (Hons) (Wits), MCom Economics (Wits),

MSc Development Economics (SOAS, London)

Appointment date

15 August 2017

Derek is the co-founder of Letsema, an

independent diversified holding company with

long-term interests in management consulting

and proprietary investments. Over the past

21 years, Derek has worked extensively across

various capacities within the Letsema Group.

He was appointed as a Non-executive Director

of Emira on 15 August 2017.

James Templeton (49)

Non-executive Director

I REM

Derek Thomas (53)

Independent Non-executive Director

F

BOARD DETAILS

Male

73

Female

27

0-3 years

18

4-6 years

18

7-9 years

18

>9 years

46

Gender diversity (%)

Board tenure (%)

10

EMIRA PROPERTY FUND INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023:

DEAR STAKEHOLDERS

I hereby present the Company’s Remuneration Report

for 2023 on behalf of the Emira Remuneration Committee

(“the committee” or “Remco”) and the Company’s Board

of Directors.

I am pleased to report that at the November 2022 annual

general meeting, the remuneration policy was well approved

by shareholders, receiving 93,69% of voting rights exercised,

and the implementation report also received support of 93,7%

of the voting rights exercised.

Stakeholder engagement was consistent, ongoing and

transparent during the nine-month reporting period, and

Emira welcomed the positive response received regarding

the disclosure of the executives’ actual KPIs. In the event

of 25% or more shareholders voting against the non-binding

resolutions pertaining to the Remuneration Policy and/or

the Remuneration Implementation Report, the directors are

committed to engaging with shareholders in order to address

all legitimate and reasonable objections and concerns.

The KPIs were further refined during Emira’s annual

re-assessment of the application of its threshold KPIs,

which are the key criteria in determining the level of annual

STI payments to staff. The aim of this is to ensure that the

KPIs fit the Fund’s business philosophy and ultimately help

to achieve Emira’s Purpose of being great in the provision

of great real estate, which is driven by the executive team.

The annual re-assessment also placed a greater focus

on the Fund’s strategic activities going forward.

The implementation report included in this remuneration report

is provisional. Due to the change of the Fund's year-end to

31 March, the financial data required to test the KPIs for the

12 months ended 30 June 2022 has not yet been finalised.

Once complete, an updated implementation report will be

shared with shareholders.

As Remco Chairman, I confirm that the committee

is of the opinion that Emira’s remuneration policy

aligns well with the Fund’s strategic goals and

short- to long-term objectives. The committee

believes that the implementation of the

remuneration policy is consistent with the

Company’s improved levels of disclosure

and endeavours to continue making progress

in this regard, in line with the principles and

recommendations of King IV and the

Companies Act.

Vusi Mahlangu

Chairman

28 July 2023

PART 1

The recommendations of King IV have been adopted

by the Company, where possible, and the committee

presents its three-part report below.

PART 1: REMCO CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

Provides the Remco chairman’s statement, placing the

decisions and considerations taken during the reporting year,

which influenced the remuneration outcomes, in context.

PART 2: REMUNERATION POLICY

Discusses Emira’s remuneration philosophy and policy.

PART 3: IMPLEMENTATION REPORT (PROVISIONAL)

Details regarding the remuneration awarded during

the year under review.

REMCO CHAIRMAN’S

STATEMENT

96

EMIRA PROPERTY FUND INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023:

letter of appointment,

and their remuneration, in the form of non-executive director

fees, is assessed as fair for both the Company and the

directors in comparison with Emira’s peer group. All such

contracts provide for a notice period of 30 days and tenure/

rotation is managed in accordance with a pre-determined

and declared policy.

REMUNERATION REPORT CONTINUED

98

EMIRA PROPERTY FUND INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2023:

