letter of representation to attend.

Dematerialised shareholders who have elected “own

name” registration in the sub-register through a CSDP

and who are unable to attend, but wish to vote at the

AGM of shareholders, must complete and return the

attached form of proxy and lodge it with the transfer

secretaries of the Company by 15h00 on Monday,

17 July 2023 to allow for processing. Alternatively, the

form of proxy may be handed to the chair of the AGM

at any time prior to the commencement of the AGM

or prior to voting on any resolution proposed at the

AGM. All beneficial owners whose shares have been

dematerialised through a CSDP or broker other than

with “own name” registration, must provide the CSDP

or broker with their voting instructions in terms of their

custody agreement should they wish to vote at the AGM.

Alternatively, they may request the CSDP or broker to

provide them with a: letter of representation, in terms of

their custody agreements, should they wish to attend the

AGM. Such shareholder must not complete the attached

form of proxy.

In terms of section 63(1) of the Companies Act, meeting

participants will be required to provide identification to

the reasonable satisfaction of the chair of the AGM and

the chair must be reasonably satisfied that the right

of any person to participate in and vote (whether as a

shareholder or as a proxy for a shareholder) has been

reasonably satisfied. Accordingly, valid identification

is required in order to verify the participants who are

entitled to participate in, vote and speak at the meeting –

this applies to both shareholders and proxies.

Shareholders and proxies should, therefore, ensure that

such identification is available on the day of the meeting.

Acceptable forms of identification include valid identity

documents, drivers’ licences and passports.

In order to more effectively record the votes and give

effect to the intentions of shareholders, voting on all

resolutions will be conducted by way of a poll.

ELECTRONIC PARTICIPATION

Shareholders or their proxies may participate in the

meeting electronically. Shareholders or their proxies

who wish to participate in the AGM electronically will be

required to advise the Company thereof by no later than

15h00 on Monday, 17 July 2023, by submitting, by email

to the company secretary at ananda@exemplarreit.co.za,

relevant contact details including an email address,

cellular number and landline, as well as full details

of the shareholder’s title to the shares issued by the

Company together with proof of identity, in the form

of copies of identity documents and share certificates

(in the case of certificated shareholders), and written

confirmation from the shareholder’s CSDP (in the

case of dematerialised shareholders) confirming the

shareholder’s title to the dematerialised shares. Upon

receipt of the required information, the shareholder

concerned will be provided with a unique link and

instructions to access the AGM electronically.

Shareholders who wish to participate in the AGM

electronically must note that they will not be able to vote

during the AGM. Such shareholders, should they wish to

have their vote counted at the AGM, must, to the extent

applicable (i) complete the form of proxy; or (ii) contact

their CSDP or broker, as set out above.

Ananda Booysen

Company secretary

141

E X E M P L A R | I N T E G R A T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 3

letter of representation to do so, or provide the CSDP or broker timeously with their voting instructions should

they not wish to attend the AGM in order for the CSDP or broker to vote in accordance with their instructions at the AGM.

I/We

(names in block letters)

of

(names in block letters)

being the holder/s of

shares in the Company, do hereby appoint:

of

or failing him/her,

of

or failing him/her,

the chair of the AGM,

as my/our proxy to attend and speak and to vote for me/us and on my/our behalf at the AGM and at any adjournment or postponement

thereof, for the purpose of considering and, if deemed fit, passing, with or without modification, the resolutions to be proposed at the AGM,

and to vote on the resolutions in respect of the ordinary shares registered in my/our name(s), in the following manner:

Registration number: 2018/022591/06

Approved as a REIT by the JSE

JSE share code: EXP

ISIN: ZAE000257549

LEI: 3789000558287E37F130

(‘Exemplar’ or the ‘Company’)

Exemplar REITail Limited

(Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa)

(FOR USE BY CERTIFICATED AND OWN-NAME

DEMATERIALISED SHAREHOLDERS ONLY)

142

E X E M P L A R | I N T E G R A T E D A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 3:

