Message from the Chairman

22

Message from the CEO

24

Business Overview

28

2

OUR PERFORMANCE

Group Portfolio

32

Retail Portfolio

40

Office Portfolio

46

Industrial Portfolio

52

3

PROPERTY PORTFOLIO

Audit and Risk Committee Report

96

Certification by the Company Secretary

97

Directors’ Responsibilities and Approval

98

CEO and CFO Responsibility Statement

98

Directors’ Report

99

Independent Auditor’s Report

101

Statement of Financial Position

104

Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

105

Statement of Changes in Equity

106

Statement of Cash Flows

108

Accounting Policies

109

Notes to the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements 116

Shareholder Analysis (Non-IFRS Disclosure)

161

Distributable Earnings Reconciliation (Non-IFRS Disclosure)

162

SA REIT Best Practice Disclosures (Non-IFRS Disclosure)

163

Shareholder Calendar (Non-IFRS Disclosure)

166

5

CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Glossary

168

Corporate Information

IBC

6

GLOSSARY AND CORPORATE INFORMATION

About this Report

1

Social and Ethics Committee Report

59

ESG Summary Table

61

Our People

62

4

ESG SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Our Board

64

Corporate Governance Report

66

King IV™ Application Analysis

73

Remuneration Report

76

SOCIAL INVOLVEMENT

Our Stakeholders

86

Corporate Social Initiatives

90

ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT

AND INITIATIVES

Solar Projects

92

Backup Power

93

Water Projects

94

FINANCIAL

CAPITAL

F

HUMAN

CAPITAL

H

INTELLECTUAL

CAPITAL

I

SOCIAL AND

RELATIONSHIP CAPITAL

SR

MANUFACTURED

CAPITAL

M

NATURAL

CAPITAL

N

B-BBEE AND

TRANSFORMATION

4

MANAGING

RISKS

1

INVEST IN

OUR PEOPLE

5

GROWTH

STRATEGY

2

SHAREHOLDERS

6

CONSERVATIVE

BALANCE SHEET

3

GROWTH IN

DISTRIBUTIONS

7

OUR CAPITALS

STRATEGIC OBJECTIVES

Fairvest in a snapshot

Our performance

Property Portfolio

ESG Sustainability Report

Consolidated Annual Financial Statements

Glossary and Corporate Information:

Message from the Chairman (

page 22)

 Message from the CEO (

page 24)

 Business overview (

page 28)

 Annual Financial Statements with specific reference to our Directors’ Report (

page 99)

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Certain statements in this report may constitute forward-looking statements which represent the Board’s judgements

and future expectations that involve risk and uncertainty. The Directors, therefore, advise readers to use caution

regarding interpreting any forward-looking statements in this report. While these statements represent our

judgements and future expectations at the time of preparing this report, emerging risks, uncertainties, and other

factors could have a material impact on our business and future financial performance.

ASSURANCE AND BOARD RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT

The Fairvest Board and its Committees have reviewed and applied their collective mind to the preparation and

presentation of the information contained in this report. The Board acknowledges its responsibility to ensure the

integrity of the Integrated Annual Report and has satisfied itself that the information contained in this report is

accurate, addresses all material matters and is a balanced and fair representation of the integrated performance

and strategy of Fairvest. No external assurance was sought for aspects of our reporting other than from our

independent auditors, BDO South Africa Incorporated, for the financial statements.

This report was approved by the Board of Fairvest on 22 January 2024.

Ndabezinhle Mkhize

Darren Wilder

Chairman

Chief Executive Officer

ABOUT THIS REPORT CONTINUED

2

Fairvest Limited Integrated Annual Report 2023

Fairvest in a snapshot

Our performance

Property Portfolio

ESG Sustainability Report

Consolidated Annual Financial Statements

Glossary and Corporate Information:

Message from the Chairman

24

Message from the CEO

28

Business Overview

Suntyger

Fairvest in a snapshot

Our performance

Property Portfolio

ESG Sustainability Report

Consolidated Annual Financial Statements

Glossary and Corporate Information:

MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN

Fairvest is a well-run, South African-focused REIT with a clear intent to

transform into a quality non-metropolitan retail-only business over the

medium term. The organisation is led by an experienced and well-

aligned management team under the supervision of a seasoned and

ethical Board of Directors. The Group has an excellent track record of

driving financial performance within an acceptable level of risk, even as

we improve in areas of social and environmental impact. Our defensive

portfolios remain conservatively valued, with low vacancies and

predominantly exposed to A-grade national and large anchor tenants.

We believe that these attributes make it easy for investors to know what

they are allocating money to. This is evidenced by Fairvest’s very strong

price to net asset value rating among its peers. These same qualities also

put Fairvest in a prime position to capitalise on opportunities to

consolidate other assets that need to be managed by an experienced

team.

In the past year, the South African property sector has faced formidable

challenges. Low economic growth has affected tenants’ ability to thrive

and pay for space. The Reserve Bank’s efforts to curb inflation through

precipitous hikes in interest rates have come with punitive challenges.

This is notwithstanding any interest rate hedging initiatives the property

sector may have in place.

Against this background, the Board is exceptionally proud of Fairvest’s

strong performance, especially in those aspects within the business’

control. Vacancy rates have been reduced to some of the lowest on the

market. The Group’s financial position has been strengthened with a

conservative loan-to-value ratio and robust funding structures in place. We

have made significant strides in renewable electricity generation, now

accounting more than 10% of our energy usage. Considerable momentum

has also been achieved on related ESG issues, including strengthening

our governance, improving Fairvest’s transformation credentials, and

setting up an education-focused fund, “Fairvest for Change”.

In addition to the other successful disposals, I must commend management

for a transaction well done on Indluplace. It was a rewarding transaction

for both parties, which allowed Fairvest to focus on our strategy towards

building a retail-focused fund without giving away undue value. Most

importantly for shareholders, perhaps, Fairvest has set a solid foundation

for growth and was again able to deliver distributable income in line

with our guidance.

A COMPELLING STRATEGY AND VISION FOR THE

FUTURE

The Board is satisfied that our strategy to return to non-metropolitan retail

and rural shopping nodes in underserved markets is well-considered, and

we remain fully committed to its execution. The strategy takes into account

property and demographic trends, Fairvest’s strengths, and social

imperatives in rural South Africa. It is a sector in which we have a track

record of outperformance. It also has long-term benefits driven by

demographics and supply-and-demand dynamics in that market.

Competition from e-commerce retail has not inordinately influenced rural

markets, mainly due to high delivery costs to outlying areas. Bricks-and-

mortar remain the preferred method of shopping while also providing

much-needed broader community infrastructure and sustainable impact.

It is pertinent to note that this is a long-term strategy. Value will be

maximised through the judicious disposal of identified non-core assets at

the right time and price. Until those assets are sold, the management

team will continue to focus on maximising the performance of the

individual properties and their contribution to the portfolio. Now that the

balance sheet has been fortified, disposals will occur when we acquire

22

Fairvest Limited Integrated Annual Report 2023

Fairvest in a snapshot

Our performance

Property Portfolio

ESG Sustainability Report

Consolidated Annual Financial Statements

Glossary and Corporate Information:

Dear shareholders

I have pleasure in presenting to you the 2023 Social and Ethics

Committee Report. This Committee was established in terms of

Section 72 of the Companies Act and is a sub-committee of the

Board. It fulfils its functions on behalf of the Group in relation to

social and economic development, governance, ethics, safety and

health, environmental sustainability and employment matters.

South Africa continues to deal with widely reported ethics and

socio-economic challenges in terms of governance, fraud, corruption

and environmental sustainability. The Committee has thus sustained

its efforts to ensure that the Fairvest culture, value and belief system

subscribe to the Six Capitals model (Financial, Manufactured,

Human, Social and Relationships, Natural and Intellectual Capitals),

which forms the basis of our approach to responsible and

accountable governance and sustained socio-economic investment.

This year, we assessed our potential impact in terms of the 17 UN

SDGs and have narrowed our focus in terms of only including those

UN SDGs that we believe are relevant to the Group. References to

the Six Capitals and to the relevant UN SDGs are used throughout

the Integrated Annual Report for ease of reference.

The Committee is satisfied that it has fulfilled its responsibilities as

detailed in its Mandate and Terms of Reference for the 2023

financial year.

I would like to thank the members of the Committee for their hard

work, commitment and contribution towards achieving our

objectives as mandated by the Board.

Louis Andrag

Chairman

22 January 2024

MESSAGE FROM THE SOCIAL AND ETHICS

COMMITTEE CHAIR

59

Fairvest Limited Integrated Annual Report 2023

Fairvest in a snapshot

Our performance

Property Portfolio

ESG Sustainability Report

Consolidated Annual Financial Statements

Glossary and Corporate Information:

Managing Director of Sthathu Investment Holdings with

investments in a wide range of sectors which includes commercial and residential property

developments, mining, information technology, printing, and sports betting. He serves as

Chairman and Director on multiple Boards overseeing his investments.

MTHEZA BUYA (51)

BJuris, LLB

Date appointed: 1 October 2023

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Audit and Risk Committee

ARC

Social and Ethics Committee

SEC

Remuneration Committee

RC

Nomination Committee

NC

Investment Committee

IC

Demographics (Non-Executive Directors)

White

37%

Black

63%

Gender (Non-Executive Directors)

Male

62%

Female

38%

Current Board composition

Directors

80%

20%

Independent

Non-Executive Directors

Executive

Directors

Non-Executive Director tenures

1

3 to 5 years

7

0 to 3 years

Experience of the Board

Directorship

10

Legal

2

Finance

6

Engineering

1

Fikile founded and manages an accounting firm, Your Financial Partner, which is registered

with SAICA. She has corporate experience in external audit, accounting, payroll, financial

management, corporate finance, corporate governance, taxation and B-BBEE regulations.

Fikile started her accounting articles at Andersen Incorporated and completed them with

KPMG Incorporated. Post articles, she worked in corporate finance for Eskom and Anglo-

American Corporation Limited. She later joined Discovery Limited, where she headed up the

Discovery CA(SA) training program and Group Accounting department. She was also

involved in the implementation of Enterprise Development funding transactions. Whilst at

Discovery, Fikile worked with small and medium businesses that were applying for Enterprise

Development funding. Fikile currently serves on the board of Mix Telematics Limited, which

is dual listed on the JSE and the NYSE, where she chairs the Audit and Risk Committee and

serves on the Social and Ethics Committee. She is also a trustee on the Fatlhosang

Development Trust, a bursary fund which is a spinoff from Fluor – with the mandate to raise

money to fund engineering students.

FIKILE FUTWA (47)

CA(SA)

Date appointed: 1 October 2023

65

Fairvest Limited Integrated Annual Report 2023

Fairvest in a snapshot

Our performance

Property Portfolio

ESG Sustainability Report

Consolidated Annual Financial Statements

Glossary and Corporate Information:

