Dear Shareholders

I am pleased to present the Corporate

Governance Report for 2023. The Company is

subject to the UK Corporate Governance Code

2018 (the Code), which is available on the

website of the Financial Reporting Council at

www.frc.org.uk. The purpose of the Code is to

promote the highest ethical and governance

standards for UK premium listed businesses to

contribute to long term sustainable success.

The Board considers that, throughout the year,

the Company has applied all of the principles

and complied with all of the provisions of the

Code. The Company’s compliance with the

Code is reported against each of the five main

sections of the Code: Board leadership and

Company purpose; division of responsibilities;

composition, succession and evaluation; audit,

risk and internal control; and remuneration.

The Company’s disclosures on the way it

has applied the principles of the Code can be

found throughout this Annual Report on the

following pages:

Code section

Page

Board leadership and Company

purpose

The role of the Board

70

Purpose and strategy

71

Culture and values

72

Stakeholder and workforce engagement

72-73

Division of responsibilities

The roles of the Directors

74

Director commitment

74

Board Committees

75

Board support

75

Composition, succession and

evaluation

Composition and succession

75

Board effectiveness review

76

Nomination and Governance Committee

Report

78

Audit, risk and internal control

Risk management and internal controls

86

Fair, balanced and understandable

assessment

88

Audit Committee Report

84

Remuneration

Directors’ Remuneration Report

90

BOARD LEADERSHIP AND COMPANY

PURPOSE

The role of the Board

The purpose of the Company is to create

exceptional city centre destinations that

realise value for our stakeholders, connect

our communities and deliver a positive impact

for future generations.

The primary duty of the Board is to promote

the long term success of the Company by

setting a clear purpose and strategy which

create long term value for our investors and

other stakeholders. It aligns the Group’s

culture with its strategy, purpose and values

and sets the strategic direction and

governance of the Group. The Board has

ultimate responsibility for the Group’s

management, strategic direction and

performance, and ensures that sufficient

resources are available to enable

management to meet the strategic objectives

set. You can read more about our strategy on

pages 4 to 5 and pages 8 to 15.

The Company’s governance framework

supports strong governance across its

activities, enabling oversight of performance,

delivery against strategic objectives and

effective decision making. As part of this

Corporate Governance Report

Robert Noel

Chair of the Board

70

Hammerson plc Annual Report 2023

Corporate Governance

Corporate Governance Report:

Dear Shareholders

On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present

the Report of the Nomination and Governance

Committee (the Committee) covering the

work of the Committee during 2023. This

report provides an overview of the roles and

responsibilities of the Committee and its main

activities during the year.

Following changes introduced in the previous

year, 2023 was the first full year that the

Committee operated with a broader remit,

including a wider range of corporate governance-

related responsibilities that had previously

been the responsibility of the full Board. The

change has been valuable, as evidenced by

feedback in this year’s Board evaluation.

The Committee comprises all our Non-

executive Directors and its terms of reference

can be found on the Company’s website at

www.hammerson.com. The Chief Executive

and Chief People Officer attend meetings by

invitation, together with the General Counsel

and Company Secretary, who acts as Secretary

to the Committee.

The Committee is responsible for

recommending appointments to the Board

and its Committees, and ensures that plans

are in place for the orderly succession to

the Board, its Committees and the senior

management team. This includes the

development of a pipeline of potential

candidates to the Board and the senior

management team with the necessary skills

and experience, while taking into account

diversity and inclusion. The Committee is

also responsible for overseeing the Board

effectiveness review and monitoring

developments relating to corporate

governance, bringing any issues to the

attention of the Board.

Key activities in 2023

During the year the Committee met three

times and its activities included:

— Considering Board composition and

succession, and assessing the composition

and responsibilities of the Board’s

committees

— Reviewing talent and executive

management succession planning

— The annual review of the Board’s Diversity &

Inclusion Policy and Overboarding Policy

— Assessing the Directors’ skill sets,

knowledge and experience to ensure that

an appropriate balance of skills, knowledge

and experience has been maintained

— Reviewing the Non-executive Directors’

independence

— Monitoring external corporate governance

developments and horizon scanning,

including proposed changes to the UK’s

listing regime, new reporting requirements

relating to diversity and inclusion, and the

UK government’s audit and corporate

governance reforms

— Establishing the process for the 2023

internal Board effectiveness review led by

the Chair and the General Counsel and

Company Secretary

— Overseeing the Board’s post-AGM investor

engagement plan in line with the

requirements of the Code

— Considering Board training and

development, and discussing topics to be

covered as part of the training sessions held

throughout the year to support the ongoing

development and skills of the Directors

— Receiving reports from the Board’s

Designated Non-executive Director for

Colleague Engagement

Nomination and Governance

Committee Report

Overseeing matters related to corporate governance,

Board composition and succession planning, ensuring

the Board and its Committees have the right

combination of skills, experience and knowledge.

Robert Noel

Chair of the Nomination and Governance

Committee

Committee members

Robert Noel (Chair)

Habib Annous

Méka Brunel

Mike Butterworth

Adam Metz

Carol Welch

78

Hammerson plc Annual Report 2023

Corporate Governance

Nomination and Governance Committee Report:

Dear Shareholders

As Chair of the Audit Committee (the

Committee), I am pleased to present my

report for the year ended 31 December 2023.

This report sets out the activities undertaken

by the Committee during 2023 and offers

insight into how the Committee has discharged

the responsibilities delegated to it by the Board

and its key areas of focus.

COMMITTEE GOVERNANCE

The Committee plays a key governance role for

the Group and in meeting its responsibilities,

the Committee continues to consider the

provisions of the UK Corporate Governance

Code (the Code) and the Financial Reporting

Council’s (FRC) Guidance on Audit

Committees, including the minimum

standards published by the FRC in May 2023.

The Committee’s terms of reference are

available to view at www.hammerson.com.

Membership and meetings

The Committee continues to be comprised

exclusively of independent Non-executive

Directors with the necessary financial

experience and sector specific knowledge to

fulfil their responsibilities. There were no

changes in the membership of the Committee

during the year.

The Committee met five times during the year.

To ensure the Committee addresses all its

required responsibilities, the agenda for each

meeting is planned around the Group’s annual

reporting cycle and includes particular matters

for the Committee’s consideration. Following

each meeting, the Board is appraised of

matters arising from the Committee.

The Chair of the Board, the Chief Executive, the

Chief Financial Officer and other members of

the senior finance team, together with senior

representatives of the Company’s External

Auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC),

are invited to attend all or part of meetings as

appropriate. In order to fulfil its duties as set

out in its terms of reference, the Audit

Committee receives presentations and

reviews reports from the Group’s senior

management and from the Group’s external

valuers, CBRE Ltd, Cushman and Wakefield

LLP, Jones Lang LaSalle Ltd (the Valuers),

consulting as necessary with PwC.

The Committee meets, with no Company

management present, at least once a year

with PwC, and at least once with the Group’s

members of management responsible for

internal audit, enterprise risk and ESG.

The Valuers and PwC have full access to one

another, and I personally spoke with the

Valuers and PwC separately to discuss the half

year and year end valuation process to ensure

each was satisfied that there had been a full

and open exchange of information and views.

Audit Committee Report

Overseeing matters related to the integrity, accuracy

and transparency of the Group’s financial and narrative

reporting; its compliance with laws and regulations,

the internal control and risk management systems; and

managing the external and internal audit processes.

Mike Butterworth

Chair of the Audit Committee

Committee members

Mike Butterworth (Chair)

Habib Annous

Adam Metz

84

Hammerson plc Annual Report 2023

Corporate Governance

Audit Committee Report:

Dear Shareholders

I am pleased to present our Directors’

Remuneration Report (the Report) for the

year ended 31 December 2023.

Context for the Committee’s decisions

The external environment throughout 2023

provided significant headwinds. Interest rates

continued to rise, reaching 5.25% in the UK

and 4% in the Eurozone by the end of the

summer, as central banks sought to bring

inflation under control. The ongoing war in

Ukraine and developments in the Middle East

impacted business and consumer sentiment.

All three of the economies where our flagship

assets are based were in, or close to being in,

technical recession as the year ended.

Despite these external factors, the Company

delivered a strong financial performance and

significant strategic and operational progress

building on the improvements we have seen

in the last three years.

In 2023, our Adjusted Earnings Per Share is

up by 10% to 2.33p reflecting a 4% growth in

like-for-like Net Rental Income. We continued

to transform our cost base with Gross

Administration Costs reducing by 14% as we

pivoted to an agile platform. Management have

also made good progress in strengthening the

Group’s balance sheet primarily through the

disposal of non-core assets with net debt

down 23% to £1,326m.

The recent announcement of the agreed

disposal of Union Square will, when

completed, deliver on the £500m disposal

programme set out in our strategy.

Successful delivery of our strategic goals over

the last three years means we are now well

positioned to invest for growth and value

creation whilst retaining our commitment to

sustainability. We have committed to

shareholders to keep the Annual Incentive

Plan (AIP) measures under review to ensure

they remain appropriate to Hammerson’s

evolution. For 2024, we are replacing the

Gross Administration Costs and Net Debt

performance measures within the AIP with

Relative Total Accounting Return (TAR) and

Net Rental Income (NRI) relative to our

Business Plan. In choosing these measures

we have sought to reflect the key pillars of the

Company’s growth.

Throughout the year, we have consulted

extensively with shareholders. These

discussions have helped the Committee in

selecting the new measures. We have retained

the Adjusted Earnings Per Share (EPS)

measure introduced in 2023.

Short term incentive arrangement

As outlined above and elsewhere in the Annual

Report, this was another successful year for

the Group with significant progress having

been made operationally, financially and

strategically in our transformation.

Directors’ Remuneration Report

Aligning remuneration with our strategy and

stakeholder interests. Ensuring our remuneration

reflects market conditions and supports the ongoing

focus on transforming and growing our business.

Habib Annous

Chair of the Remuneration Committee

Committee members

Habib Annous (Chair)

Méka Brunel

Carol Welch

90

Hammerson plc Annual Report 2023

Corporate Governance

Directors’ Remuneration Report

Chair’s annual statement:

letter to shareholders last year, the Committee

will continue to consider the views of our

shareholders whilst ensuring that the Policy

supports the development of the strategy

agreed by the Board and remains aligned to

stakeholder interests.

Once again, I would like to thank shareholders

who have engaged with me on remuneration

matters. The insight and feedback provided is

an important input to the Committee’s

discussions and decision making.

Colleague engagement

We communicate with, and receive feedback

from, the Company’s colleagues through a

variety of channels, notably through The

Colleague Forum (the Forum) which you can

read about on page 73. Carol Welch, a member

of the Remuneration Committee and

Designated Non-executive Director for

Colleague Engagement, and I met with the

Forum in November 2023 to discuss executive

remuneration and explain how it aligns with

the wider Company pay policy. This informed

a valuable discussion on this topic at the

Committee’s meeting in December.

The Committee is regularly updated on

Group-wide colleague pay and benefits and

considers colleague remuneration, as well as

feedback from Carol Welch, as part of its

review of executive remuneration.

2024 pay approach

The Committee approved a 4% salary increase

for each of the Executive Directors, noting that

this is below the average (5%) to be awarded

to colleagues generally.

92

Hammerson plc Annual Report 2023

Corporate governance

Directors’ Remuneration Report

Chair’s annual statement continued:

letter on pages 91 and 92.

SECTION 3: IMPLEMENTATION OF REMUNERATION POLICY IN 2024

This section sets out information on how the Remuneration Policy will be implemented in 2024.

In implementing the Remuneration Policy, the Committee will continue to take into account factors such as remuneration packages available

within comparable companies: the Group’s overall performance; internal relativities; achievement of corporate objectives; individual performance

and experience; published views of institutional investors; and general market and wider economic trends.

Summary of planned implementation of the Remuneration Policy during 2024

Salary

Policy

Purpose and link to strategy

Performance measures

Operation

To continue to retain and attract quality leaders

To recognise accountabilities, skills, experience

and value

Not applicable

Reviewed but not necessarily increased annually by

the Committee

The base salary for any existing Executive Director will not

exceed £850,000 (or the equivalent if denominated in a

different currency), with this limit increasing annually at the

rate of UK CPI from the date of the 2017 AGM

Implementation

An increase of 4% was approved for each of the Executive Directors to take effect on 1 April 2024.

2024 Executive Directors’ salaries

£000

Rita-Rose Gagné

741

Himanshu Raja

474

Benefits

Policy

Purpose and link to strategy

Performance measures

Operation

To provide a range of benefits in line with

market practice

To continue to retain and attract quality leaders

Not applicable

The aggregate value received by each Executive Director

(based on value of P11D tax calculations or equivalent basis

for a non-UK based Executive Director) will not exceed

£100,000, with this maximum increasing annually at the rate

of UK CPI from the date of the 2017 AGM

Implementation

In 2024, these benefits will continue to include a car allowance, enhanced sick pay, private medical insurance, permanent health insurance and

life assurance.

Pension

Policy

Purpose and link to strategy

Performance measures

Operation

To provide market competitive retirement

benefits to continue to retain and attract

quality leaders

Not applicable

Executive Directors receive a 10% non-contributory allowance

(Pension Choice) to be paid as, or as a combination of:

– an employer contribution to the Group’s defined

contribution pension plan;

– a payment to a personal pension plan; or

– a salary supplement.

Implementation

Executive Directors will continue to receive a 10% salary supplement by way of pension provision.

105

Hammerson plc Annual Report 2023:

