letter of appointment, clearly stating expected commitment and

responsibilities.

Board composition

• Regularly reviewing the Board’s size and composition, including balance of skills, knowledge, experience and diversity of

background, based on the challenges and opportunities facing, or likely to face, the Group.

• Considering Directors’ performance and proposing individuals for re-election, or termination, as necessary.

Board skills and

experience

• Overseeing the formal induction programme for new Directors.

• Ensuring Directors are developed through a mentorship programme if deemed necessary.

• Overseeing the continuous professional Director development programme.

• Ensuring Directors receive regular briefings on changes in risks, legislation and the environment in jurisdictions where MAS

operates.

Independence

• On appointment, and annually thereafter, assessing the independence of Independent Non-Executive Directors to ensure

they have not been compromised, or prejudiced, in any way.

Succession planning

• Ensuring formal succession plans for Board members, CEO, CFO and senior management appointments are in place and

implemented.

REPORT OF THE REMUNERATION AND NOMINATION COMMITTEE (CONTINUED)

DAN PASCARIU

RemNom Chairman

Independent Non-Executive Director

Werner Alberts

Independent

Non-Executive Director

MEMBERS

Remuneration and Nomination

Committee

Photo: Barlad Value Centre

Mihail Vasilescu

Non-Executive Director:

letter of

appointment clearly stating expected

commitment and responsibilities.

Directors are not appointed for a fixed

term, and one third of Non-Executive

Directors, on a rotating basis, retire each

year and may make themselves available

for re-election at the AGM.

Any Independent Non-Executive

Director holding office for nine

years or more is subject to an annual

independence assessment by the

committee, aimed at concluding whether

the individual exercises objective

judgement and that there is no interest,

position, association or relationship likely

to unduly influence, or cause bias, in their

decision-making.

Directors are expected to attend Board

meetings, as well as relevant committee

meetings. The Board Charter and letters

of appointment allow Directors to obtain

independent advice in connection with

their duties and MAS has Directors’

and officers’ liability insurance in place

covering the appointments’ full term.

Developing people

The Board recognises the importance of

personal development and continually

enhances the Board’s skill set. Directors

are encouraged to enhance and develop

relevant skills and are supported

throughout this process.

Considerations of the committee

This report was prepared in accordance

with the JSE Listings Requirements,

King IV and other applicable regulations.

The committee is satisfied that the

independence and objectivity of

members has not been compromised in

any way and that it has discharged its

responsibilities during this period.

— Dan Pascariu

chairman, remnom

REPORT OF THE REMUNERATION AND NOMINATION COMMITTEE (CONTINUED)

Shareholder engagement

MAS’ Compensation Policy, supported by most shareholders, the Board and management, reflects a strong commitment to place total

long-term shareholders' returns at the centre of MAS' strategy. After two consecutive years of strong shareholder support, the non-

binding advisory vote endorsing the Compensation Policy has not achieved the 75% threshold of the votes exercised at the last Annual

General Meeting (AGM), as required by JSE Listings Requirements. On 5 December 2022, only 71.75% of shareholders who voted at

the Annual General Meeting (AGM), approved the 2022 Compensation Policy. However, the 75% approval threshold was achieved for

the Compensation Implementation Report with 76.19% of shareholders voting in favour of the Compensation Implementation Report

for Executive Directors and 93.2% in favour of the Compensation Implementation Report for Non-Executive Directors.

The Board engaged with shareholders in advance of the AGM, and invited dissenting shareholders to further engage after the 2022

AGM voting results had been announced. Disappointingly, no shareholders came forward for further engagement. However, feedback

was previously received from institutional shareholders via e-mail. The three main points raised are presented in the table below.

Matter raised

Board assessment

A. Lack of a short-term

incentive scheme for

Executive Directors

MAS’ strategy and approach to compensation for senior executives aims to sustainably maximise

total shareholders’ returns in the long-term. The Board’s current view remains that short-term

incentives for senior management in the property sector encourage a short-term view in decision

making which does not support sustainable total long-term returns maximisation.

B. Multiple key

performance indicators

(KPI) determining variable

compensation

Total long-term shareholders’ returns is a comprehensive KPI applicable to variable compensation,

as this metric:

(i) encourages management to take decisions with a focus on maximising total long-term

shareholders’ returns;

(ii) encompasses consideration of all relevant financial and non-financial factors in a flexible

manner, and

(iii) aligns interests with those of long-term shareholders and other stakeholders.

C. No disclosure regarding

how total shareholders’

returns 'are stretching from

a minimum to maximum'

An illustration of the impact is explained in detail in ‘Senior executives’ compensation illustration'

section, and an analysis of different possible levels of how total shareholders’ returns are likely to

impact each individual Executive Director’s total annualised compensation on a five-year forward-

looking basis is included in Compensation Implementation Report.

Senior executives invited to participate in the MAS SPS have proven their commitment to sustainably adding value to the business,

demonstrating a long-term view in decision making, in line with MAS' strategy, and appropriately aligned with that of long-term

shareholders. Since the implementation of the Compensation Policy in 2020, MAS has consistently delivered strong operating

performance, and excellent progress was achieved with respect to previously set long-term strategic targets. The Group is currently

faced with a challenging funding environment, and uncertain, changing circumstances. Management proactively recommended

changes in strategy and commenced with implementation of action plans focused on improving MAS' liquidity and ability to cover its

funding commitments, as appropriate from a long-term, risk-adjusted, total return perspective, rather than focusing on short-term

returns. It is the Board's current view that the Compensation Policy's design remains suitable for its intended purpose, of aligning long-

term interests of Executive Directors, and other senior executives, with shareholders'.

Compensation: staff

Philosophy

The compensation philosophy is to attract, invest in and retain the best talent, enabling the Group to meet strategic objectives.

Long-term staff performance and productivity are driven by numerous factors, including skills and knowledge, respect for leadership,

experience, a positive work environment, personal investment in the business and a transparent and fair compensation system.

Compensation and staff policies are equitable and transparent, ensuring long-term staff contributions align with the Group’s values.

The Group’s guiding principles with respect to people management are:

• attracting, retaining and developing staff;

• staff acknowledging, and adhering to, the corporate culture and, more specifically, core organisational values;

• staff’s alignment with shareholders’ interests;

• a performance culture, maintaining a healthy balance between individual achievement and teamwork;

• supporting, reinforcing and rewarding excellence;

• effective resource selection and usage;

• appropriate, efficient and cost-effective compensation structures;

• compliance with regulatory and ethical standards;

• compensation structures reinforcing Risk Management Policy;

• appraisal and control, and

• fairness and accountability.

REPORT OF THE REMUNERATION AND NOMINATION COMMITTEE (CONTINUED)

Compensation Policy:

Director's fixed cash-based compensation, and ‘benefits’ of €46 thousand refer to allowance granted to

compensate for additional living costs due to their residence in Malta.

² Effective 1 February 2023, Raluca Buzuleac stepped down from the Board as Executive Director and with effect from the same date Nadine Bird was

appointed CFO of the Group.

Nadine's figure shown on ‘basic salary’ column above comprises the:

Director's fixed cash-based compensation.

2 Effective 6 December 2021, Raluca Buzuleac was appointed Executive Director (Deputy CFO) of the Group and on 21 April 2022 was appointed CFOO. The

table above presents basic salary information since her appointment as Executive Director.

3 Dan Petrisor’s benefits amounting to €61 thousand refer to relocation and cost of living expenses with respect to his relocation to Malta, comprising of

relocation costs, rent allowance and other fringe benefits. Figure shown on ‘Basic salary’ column above comprises the:

Letter, effective 30 June 2022

UK

United Kingdom

vs.

Compared to

WACD

Weighted average cost of debt

WE

Western Europe or Western European

Weighted average adjusted number of shares

Adjusted number of shares in issue for the applicable period, outstanding

on a daily weighted average basis during such period

2019 Transaction

The acquisition on 27 November 2019 by the Group of Prime Kapital’s

effective economic interest in the IJV with MAS

GLOSSARY (CONTINUED):

