Managing Director/CEO

since that time. His track record in the listed real estate sector

is outstanding and he has been the key driver in PHP’s success

since its inception. Further details regarding the selection of

Harry as Chair can be found on page 68 of this Report.

The Board considers that the combination of Mark Davies as

CEO and Harry Hyman as Chairman, together with Richard Howell

as CFO and David Bateman as Chief Investment Officer

(“CIO”), makes a formidable, highly respected leadership team

that will continue to build on the success of the business. The

Board has determined that Harry’s term as Chairman will be

for a maximum of three years.

The final step in the plan was to recruit an additional Non-

Executive Director in order to ensure that the Board consists

of a majority of independent Non-executive Directors and

therefore be compliant with the Corporate Governance Code

from the date of appointment. As a result, Dr Bandhana (Bina)

Rawal was appointed as a fourth independent Non-executive

Director of the Company with effect from 27 February 2024

and the Board has increased in size from six to seven.

Toby Newman was appointed Company Secretary and Chief

Legal Officer on 28 February 2023 following the retirement of

Paul Wright.

Secondary Listing

On the 24 October 2023 the Company completed a secondary

listing of PHP shares on the JSE. The Board of PHP believes that

the secondary listing will contribute to liquidity in the Group’s

shares as a result of the growing interest in the Company and its

increased profile in the South African market, where a number

of investors have already shown strong interest in the unique

healthcare property investment opportunity. Since listing on

the JSE approximately one million shares have been traded to

date and we continue to help potential South African investors

acquire PHP shares and provide further liquidity on the JSE.

MARKET UPDATE AND OUTLOOK

The primary care market continues to face challenges in

meeting the growing demand for healthcare services. The

capacity of existing facilities remains a significant obstacle to

implementing government policies aimed at expanding service

delivery within general practice, including social prescribing,

clinical pharmacists, physiotherapists, mental health, minor

operations and other activities. The need for additional space

is driven by a population that is growing, ageing and suffering

from increased chronic illnesses, which is placing a greater

burden on healthcare systems in both the UK and Ireland.

The extent of the NHS England backlog remains a significant

concern, with hospitals struggling to meet objectives for

cancer care and routine treatments. The number of patients

waiting for treatment has reached record highs, exacerbating

the need for improved and increased primary healthcare

infrastructure with approximately one-third of the UK’s current

primary care estate in need of replacement.

There is a growing expectation that many services in the

medium term will progressively move from hospitals to

primary care settings, necessitating substantial investment

in facilities to accommodate these changes and alleviate the

pressure on secondary care in the years to come. The UK

government’s vision for primary care premises, advocating

the establishment of hubs or “super hubs”, is a step in this

direction. The UK government’s vision is that these hubs

promote collaboration among primary care staff and provide

a wider range of services in a single location. Larger GP

practices with more staff and facilities are shown to produce

better patient outcomes. This is in line with larger purpose-

built medical centres typical of PHP’s portfolio and our own

ongoing engagement with occupiers where many surgeries

require more space.

Declining rents in real terms have made investing in the

transformation of GP facilities less appealing. Construction

costs have risen significantly over the past decade, surpassing

the growth in primary care rents, driven by material and labour

costs and increasing sustainability requirements, all of which

has been compounded by Brexit, the COVID-19 pandemic and

the fiscal policy outlook.

Future developments will now need a significant shift

of between 20% to 30% in rental values to make them

economically viable and we continue to actively engage with

both the NHS, Integrated Care Boards (“ICB”) and District

Valuer (“DV”) for higher rent settlements. However, despite

these negotiations typically becoming protracted, we are

starting to see positive movement in some locations where

the NHS need for investments in new buildings is strongest.

We are aware of instances where the ICB have stepped in

and overruled the DV’s proposals when those have prevented

much needed schemes from progressing. This along with the

use of “top-up” rents and capital contributions is starting to

allow certain schemes to progress viably and we anticipate

this will accelerate.

PHP’s mission is to support the NHS, the HSE and other

healthcare providers, by being a leading investor in modern,

primary care premises. We will continue to actively engage

with government bodies, the NHS, the HSE in Ireland and

other key stakeholders to establish, enact (where we can),

support and help alleviate increased pressures and burdens

currently being placed on healthcare networks.

Strategic report

Governance

Financial statements

Shareholder information

11

Primary Health Properties PLC Annual Report 2023:

letter from the Chair below

(see Board succession section).

DEAR SHAREHOLDER

Introduction

I am pleased to introduce the governance section of this year’s

Annual Report which gives more detail on the governance

structures we have in place and how the Board and its Committees

worked on behalf of shareholders and other stakeholders, driving

the culture necessary for PHP to achieve its strategic goals.

As stewards of the Company, the Board is responsible to our

shareholders, customers, employees and other stakeholders for

its long term success. The long term success of the Company in

delivering excellent returns for its shareholders, many of whom

are also employees, was recognised by PHP being judged the

winner of MSCI’s Highest Ten-Year Risk Adjusted Total Return

Award for the second year in succession in 2022, having

previously won the award in 2021 and 2017.

These accolades are down to the sound governance framework

we have in place and the excellent work and dedication of our

highly experienced team, led by the CEO and founder, Harry

Hyman, in delivering high quality, modern medical centres for

GPs and other primary care professionals in the UK and Ireland.

Board succession

Having been appointed to the Board in January 2014, I had, at

the time of the Company’s 2023 AGM, served more than nine

years and therefore ceased to be considered independent under

the provisions of the Code. After a review by the independent

Non-executive Directors, which included consultation with

several of the Company’s largest shareholders, they concluded

that I continued to act independently and that the Company

would benefit significantly from me leading the CEO succession

process. Accordingly, and with strong support from shareholders,

I continued in 2023 as Chair of the Company and the Nomination

Committee and as a member of the ESG Committee but

ceased to be a member of the Remuneration Committee from

31 December 2022. I will be retiring as planned at the 2024 AGM.

The past year has been a significant one in the Company’s

history regarding the successful execution of its succession

plan and the composition of the Board. The first step in the

plan in 2023 was to recruit a CEO to succeed Harry Hyman,

Founder and CEO who had previously indicated his intention

to retire as CEO at the Company’s Annual General Meeting

in 2024 (“2024 AGM”). I led a thorough and extensive search

process, supported by independent recruitment consultants

with no connections with PHP or any of its Directors, to recruit

and appoint a new CEO to succeed Harry.:

letter of appointment from that point.

Harry, who has been pivotal in the success and focus of the

Company, has an extensive knowledge of the specialised

primary care property sector and its nuances and is well

known to many of the senior stakeholders within the NHS.

These relationships, as well as being particularly significant in

the Group’s niche area, will also be especially valuable as the

architecture of the public health system continues to evolve

following the introduction of integrated care systems and as

the NHS continues to navigate both system pressures and the

uncertainties which accompany the upcoming general election.

This period of evolution for the health system is likely to take

some time given the number of key stakeholders involved in a

complex landscape where developments are shaped by political

change and Mark has expressed his strong desire that Harry

remains involved as Chair so the Company can benefit from his

unique expertise and wide contact base in that role. The Board

is satisfied that Harry is ready to step back from running the

Company and will be a very effective Chair to support Mark in

his role as CEO.

Accordingly, the Board unanimously believes that Harry’s

appointment as Chair is in the best interests of the Group

and all of its stakeholders, with his knowledge and expertise

in the primary care property sector, which is a niche sub-sector

of the real estate market, continuing to be invaluable and

highly relevant to the Group’s future success. The Company is

conscious this proposal is exceptional for the purposes of Code

Provision 9.

The Company, led by Senior Independent Director Ian Krieger,

has accordingly consulted and engaged with a number of the

Group’s major shareholders (representing approximately 60%

of the register) on this proposal and received largely positive

feedback from that process.

The Board is mindful that Harry will not, assuming approval of

his appointment by shareholders, be considered independent

on appointment under the provisions of the Code, given his

current role as Chief Executive Officer.

The Board, conscious of best practice and noting shareholder

feedback, has determined that Harry’s term as Chair will be for

a maximum of three years (which allows the Company to benefit

from Harry’s experience through the extended period of health

system evolution referred to above), subject to annual review by

an experienced and robust group of independent Non-executive

Directors and subject also to annual shareholder re-appointment

during that time in the usual way. In accordance with Code

requirements, Harry will not sit on the Remuneration or Audit

Committees, and the Company will otherwise continue to adhere

to corporate governance best practice.

The Board considers that the combination of Mark Davies as

CEO and Harry Hyman as Chair, together with Richard Howell

as CFO and David Bateman as CIO, makes a formidable, highly

respected leadership team that will continue to build on the

success of the business.

The final step in the Company’s plan was to recruit an

additional Non-executive Director in order to ensure that the

Board consists of a majority of independent Non-executive

Directors and therefore is compliant with the Code from the

date of appointment. As a result, the Company was pleased to

appoint Dr Bina Rawal as a fourth independent Non-executive

Director of the Company with effect from 27 February 2024.

The size of the Board has therefore increased from six to seven

and will be compliant with the Code from the date of the

above appointment. Whilst, as noted above, he would not be

considered independent under the Code, as a major long-term

shareholder Mr Hyman’s interests are fully aligned with those

of shareholders.

Culture and strategy

Strategy and culture need to be aligned for us to achieve

our corporate purpose and governance has a key role to play

in establishing the culture that we want to create. We aim

to be a key partner working in collaboration with the health

services in the United Kingdom and Ireland to deliver much

needed investment into primary care facilities which have been

demonstrated to improve health outcomes and reduce referral

rates to over-stretched hospitals.:

letter from me

about the meeting, explanatory notes for the resolutions to

be put to the meeting and details of how you vote are set out

on pages 175 to 187 of the Annual Report. I hope that you will

be able to join us at the meeting. If you are not able to do so,

please either use the form of proxy that you should find with

the Annual Report or cast your vote electronically as explained

on pages 185 and 186.

Looking ahead

I would like to conclude by thanking members of the Board

for their continued support and commitment over the past year.

It has been a privilege to serve as a Non-executive Director

and, for the past six years, as Chairman, during which time

PHP has continued to grow to the benefit of its shareholders

and stakeholders. I should like to thank the Board and the

wider PHP team for their support and commitment over that

time, and wish the Company every success for the future –

success which I feel confident will be forthcoming given the

strength, values and vision of the PHP team.

I hope that you find the remaining pages of this Governance

Report informative and useful.

Steven Owen

Chairman

27 February 2024:

Managing Director from that time and

represented the former Adviser to the Company, Nexus

Tradeco Limited (“Nexus”), on the Board. On completion

of the internalisation on 5 January 2021, Harry was

appointed as Chief Executive Officer. As announced on

2 November 2023, subject to shareholder approval Harry

will be appointed as Non-executive Chair with effect

from the end of the 2024 AGM. The Board believes that

Harry’s appointment is in the best interests of the Group

and all of its stakeholders, particularly as his knowledge

and expertise gained over nearly 30 years in the primary

care property sector will continue to be invaluable and

highly relevant to the Group’s future success. The Board

has determined that the term will be a maximum of

three years.

Career

Harry graduated from Cambridge University and trained

as a Chartered Accountant and Corporate Treasurer. He

established the Company in 1996 and was the Managing

Director of Nexus Tradeco Limited, which until 5 January

2021 was the Adviser to PHP.

He is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants

in England and Wales, a Fellow of the Association of

Corporate Treasurers and a Fellow of the Royal Institute

of Chartered Surveyors.

Skills, competence and experience

Harry has extensive experience in investing in the primary

healthcare sector, having developed the Company’s

business from inception over 20 years ago to its current

position with an investment portfolio of over £2.7 billion.

He also brings entrepreneurial flair to the Board having

established a number of successful private companies.

Other listed directorships

Non-executive Chairman of Biopharma Credit plc, an

externally managed investment trust which invests in

the fast-growing science industry, and is listed on the

London Stock Exchange.

3 Richard Howell

Chief Financial Officer

Election to the Board

Richard Howell was appointed to the Board from

31 March 2017, having joined Nexus on 13 March 2017,

and following completion of the internalisation of the

advisory and management functions previously carried

out by Nexus, he was appointed Chief Financial Officer.

Career

Richard is a Chartered Accountant and has over

20 years’ experience working with London-listed

commercial property companies, gained principally

with LondonMetric Property plc and Brixton plc. Richard

was part of the senior management team that led the

merger of Metric Property Investments plc and London

& Stamford Property plc in 2013 to create LondonMetric

Property plc. In May 2022 he was appointed as a Non-

executive Director at Life Science REIT plc, an AIM-listed,

externally managed real estate trust.

Skills, competence and experience

Richard has extensive finance experience, having previously

held senior accounting positions within listed property

companies operating across the UK. Whilst working for

LondonMetric Property plc and Brixton plc, he has been

involved in over £5 billion of property transactions.

Other listed directorships

Senior Independent Non-Executive Director and Audit

Chair of Life Science REIT plc.

1

5

2

6

3

7

4

8

E

S

N

S

E

E

S

E

R

N

A

A

E

R

S

N

E

R

N

A

E

S

A

E

R

N:

Letter from the Chair, Harry Hyman, assuming

approval of his appointment as Chairman by shareholders at the

2024 AGM, will also not be independent under the Code and

accordingly a fourth Non-executive Director has been appointed

such that a majority (four out of seven) of the Board will comprise

independent Non-executive Directors. Details of the composition of

the Board by gender and ethnicity are set out below.

In 2023:

• 33% of the Board were women, such that the 40% target in

the Listing Rules was not met. Given the size of the Board

during the year, composition would necessarily be below

or above that target. Following appointment of Dr Bina

Rawal, in 2024, 43% of the Board are women, meeting the

applicable target;

• the target for at least one of the senior board positions

specified in the Listing Rules (being chair, chief executive,

senior independent director or chief financial officer) being

held by a woman was not met. The Company considers

that the experience and expertise in these positions best

positioned it for success in the year, and at the same time

will continue to approach Board recruitment having due

regard to its Listing Rules obligations aligned with the best

interests of the Company and its stakeholders; and

• the Listing Rules target that at least one individual on

a company’s board of directors is from an ethnic minority

background was met.

ETHNICITY

GENDER

Biographical information on each of our Directors can be found

on pages 72 and 73, which shows the breadth of strategic

and financial management insight brought to our Board and

that the Chair, Ms Cantú, Ms Duhot and Mr Krieger are all

considered to be independent.

5 White British/White Other

1 Asian/Asian British

(with effect from

27 February 2024)

1 Hispanic

4 Male

3 Female:

letter of appointment from that point.

It is proposed that the term of this appointment would be

for a maximum period of three years, subject to: (a) annual

review by the Company’s experienced and robust group of

independent Non-executive Directors; and (b) with the Board’s

recommendation following such review, re-appointment by

shareholders at the Company’s Annual General Meeting each

year for that period.

As Mr Hyman will not be considered to be independent under

the Code, he will not be a member of the Remuneration

Committee (nor, as Chair, of the Audit Committee, in

accordance with the Code’s requirements).

The Board considers that the combination of Mark Davies as

CEO and Harry Hyman as Chair, together with Richard Howell

as CFO and David Bateman as Chief Investment Officer,

makes a formidable, highly respected leadership team that

will continue to build on the success of the business.

The final step in the Company’s plan was to recruit an

additional Non-executive Director in order to ensure that the

Board consists of a majority of independent Non-executive

Directors and therefore is compliant with the Code from the

date of appointment. As a result, the Company was pleased to

appoint Dr Bina Rawal as a fourth independent Non-executive

Director of the Company with effect from 27 February 2024.

The Board has therefore increased in size from six to seven.

The Committee continues to oversee succession plans across

the senior management team and has continued to work with

the Executive Directors to develop succession plans for every

member of the senior management team as a part of the

annual appraisal process. This will ensure that the execution of

the Company’s strategy is not dependent on any one individual

and continually improve our processes for identifying and

developing our internal talent.

Appointments

It is the responsibility of the Nomination Committee to maintain

an appropriate combination of skills and capabilities among

our Directors. The Nomination Committee seeks to ensure

that all Board appointments are made on merit and measured

against objective criteria and with due regard for the benefits

of diversity on the Board. The Board is committed to ensuring

a broad mix of gender, age, nationality, experience and skills

throughout the business.

During 2023, our Board comprised six Directors, two of whom are

female and one of whom is from a Hispanic ethnic background.

Assuming Mr Hyman is appointed a Non-executive Chair

and with the appointment of Dr Bina Rawal as an additional

independent Non-executive Director, following Dr Bina Rawal’s

appointment the Board will comprise seven Directors, four of

whom will be independent and three of whom are female.

Diversity

The Board’s policy on equality, diversity and inclusion policy

recognises the importance of diversity in the broadest sense and

the benefits it brings to the organisation in terms of skills and

experience, wider perspectives and fresh ideas. We are committed

to the creation of an inclusive culture where our colleagues reflect

the diverse communities we serve and where each person can

operate in a working environment which promotes a culture of

mutual respect and inclusion throughout the organisation. Senior

management’s annual objectives are linked to the diversity of the

business, and how they promote this within their teams.

In setting the tone on diversity, the Board applies PHP’s Equality,

Diversity and Inclusion policy, whose terms apply to and are

applied throughout PHP’s governance structure, including by and

in relation to every Board Committee. The policy’s overarching

objectives are:

• to remove barriers to entry and encourage people from

diverse backgrounds to join the Company and consider

a career in real estate;

• to maintain a working environment where individual

differences and the contributions of our people are

recognised and valued equally and where direct or indirect

discrimination, bullying and harassment are not tolerated;

• to raise awareness of equality, diversity and inclusion among

all our people so that they can recognise and take an active

role in contributing towards our goals and objectives;

• to ensure that remuneration, benefits, terms and conditions

and recruitment and promotion procedures do not

discriminate, discourage or create barriers directly or indirectly;:

letter of

appointment

Harry Hyman

5 February 1996

5 January 2021

Richard Howell

1 April 2017

1 April 2017

Mr Hyman entered into a contract of employment with the Company on 5 January 2021 and Mr Howell entered into a revised

contract of employment with PHP Tradeco Limited on 15 April 2021 to reflect the terms of the Policy. Mr Hyman’s contract was

for an initial fixed period of twelve months and can be terminated by either party on giving twelve months notice. Mr Hyman has

informed the Company of his intention to retire as CEO with effect from the annual general meeting in 2024.

Mr Howell’s service contract is a rolling contract that can be terminated by either party on giving six months’ notice.:

letter of

appointment

Length of appointment

Years

Steven Owen

1 January 2014

9 December 2013

10

Ivonne Cantú

1 January 2022

14 December 2021

2

Laure Duhot

14 March 2019

14 March 2019

4

Ian Krieger

15 February 2018

15 February 2018

5

The Non-executive Directors each have specific letters of appointment, rather than service contracts. Non-executive Directors are

appointed for an initial term of three years and, under normal circumstances, would be expected to serve for additional three-

year terms, up to a maximum of nine years, subject to satisfactory performance, which is reviewed annually by the Nomination

Committee. The Board shall have discretion to extend a term beyond nine years in order to retain specialist skills and experience

which are hard to replace and provided always that the individual is considered to remain independent.

The appointment of the Chair and any Non-executive Directors may be terminated immediately if they are not re-appointed by shareholders

or if they are removed by the Board under the Company’s articles of association or if they resign and not offer themselves for re-election.

In addition, appointments may be terminated by either the individual or the Company giving three months’ written notice of termination.

In accordance with the Code, the Company requires that all Directors are re-elected at each Annual General Meeting.

The Company’s performance

The following graph compares the total shareholder return of the Company’s Ordinary Shares relative to a return on a hypothetical

holding over the same period in the FTSE All-Share Real Estate Investment Trust Index. This Index has been chosen by the Board

as the Company is a constituent member of that index. Total shareholder return is the measure of returns provided by a company

to shareholders reflecting share price movements and assuming reinvestment of dividends.

For the year ended 31 December 2023, the highest and lowest mid-market prices of the Company’s Ordinary Shares were 117.00

pence and 85.50 pence respectively.

Total Shareholder Return Performance %

Directors’ remuneration report continued

PHP

FTSE UK REIT

300

250

200

150

100

50

0

31/12/2013

31/12/2014

31/12/2015

31/12/2016

31/12/2017

31/12/2018

31/12/2019

31/12/2020

31/12/2021

31/12/2022

31/12/2023:

LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN

To all shareholders

13 March 2024

Notice of Annual General Meeting

Dear shareholder,

I am pleased to invite you to our 2024 Annual General Meeting (“AGM”), which will be held on Wednesday, 24 April at 10:30 a.m.

(UK time)/12:30 p.m. (South Africa time) as a hybrid meeting, with shareholders invited to join physically at the offices of CMS

Cameron McKenna Nabarro Olswang LLP at Cannon Place, 78 Cannon Street, London EC4N 6AF or listen remotely via secure

telephone line (please see further below).

The formal Notice of AGM, which sets out the resolutions to be proposed, can be found on pages 177 to 179 of our 2023 Annual

Report. An explanation of the resolutions can be found on pages 180 to 184. A copy of our 2023 Annual Report, which includes

the Notice of AGM, can also be found on our website (www.phpgroup.co.uk).

Your vote and participation in the AGM are important to us. We strongly encourage you to vote on all resolutions either

electronically, in advance of the meeting, or by appointing the Chairman as your proxy. If you cast your vote by proxy in advance,

this will not prevent you from voting on the day.

Actions to be taken in respect of the AGM

There is a secure telephone line so that shareholders can listen to the AGM and also ask any questions relating to the business

of the meeting. Please note you will not be able to vote by telephone. If you would like to attend the meeting by telephone,

please contact the Company Secretary at cosec@phpgroup.co.uk. Requests must be received by no later than 10:30 a.m.

(UK time)/12:30 p.m. (South Africa time) on Monday, 22 April 2024.

The telephone line will open shortly before 10:30 a.m. (UK time)/12:30 p.m. (South Africa time) on the day of the meeting.

In addition to your secure dial-in details, you will need your Shareholder Reference Number, which can be found on your

Form of Proxy/Voting Instruction Form, Dividend Confirmation Statement or Share Certificate in order to access the meeting.

Unfortunately, there will not be a facility to vote by telephone. We recommend that shareholders who would like to vote appoint

the Chair of the meeting as their proxy and register a voting instruction using their Form of Proxy/Voting Instruction Form ahead

of the meeting. Details about how to vote are included in the documents sent to you.

If you are unable to attend the AGM (whether in person or remotely) and vote (in person) on the day, the ways to vote are as follows:

1. Register your vote electronically by logging into the Equiniti Limited (“Equiniti”) website, www.sharevote.co.uk. If you have

already registered with Equiniti’s online portfolio service, Shareview, you can submit your proxy by logging on to your portfolio

at www.shareview.co.uk and following the instructions. Please note that votes submitted electronically in this manner should

be submitted by no later than 10:30 a.m. (UK time)/12:30 p.m. (South Africa time) on 22 April 2024.

2. Appoint a proxy to vote on your behalf. Fill in the proxy form enclosed with this document (“Form of Proxy”) and return it

to Equiniti as detailed in Note 4 on page 185, appoint your proxy electronically as detailed in Note 4 on page 185, or if you

are a CREST member, appoint your proxy through the CREST proxy appointment service as detailed in Note 5 on page 185.

Shareholders who wish to appoint a proxy are recommended to appoint the Chairman of the meeting as their proxy.

3. If you are an institutional investor, you may be able to appoint a proxy electronically via the Proxymity platform, a process which has

been agreed by the Company and approved by Equiniti. For further information regarding Proxymity, please go to www.proxymity.io.

Before you can appoint a proxy via this process, you will need to have agreed to Proxymity’s terms and conditions. It is important that

you read these carefully, as you will be bound by them and they will govern the electronic appointment of your proxy.

Proxy appointments should be completed as soon as possible and must be received by 10:30 a.m. (UK time)/12:30 p.m.

(South Africa time) on 22 April 2024, whether this is via Proxymity or otherwise.

Voting electronically or the completion and return of the Form of Proxy will not prevent you from attending and voting at the

AGM, or any adjournment of the AGM, in person, should you wish to do so. As all our resolutions at the AGM will be taken on a

poll vote, so as to accurately record all votes made either at the meeting or via proxy, shareholders attending the meeting will be

asked to vote their shares by poll. Full guidance will be given on the day. The results of the AGM will be notified to the London

and Johannesburg Stock Exchanges and posted on our website as soon as possible after the AGM.

Recommendation

The Directors consider that the resolutions are in the best interests of the Company and are most likely to promote the success

of the Company for the benefit of shareholders as a whole. Accordingly, the Directors unanimously recommend that you vote in

favour of all the resolutions, as they intend to do so in respect of their own beneficial holdings, which, as at 12 March 2024 (being

the last practicable date prior to publication of this document), amount in aggregate to 25,194,824 Ordinary Shares, representing

approximately 1.89 per cent of the Ordinary Shares of the Company currently in issue.

On behalf of the Board, I thank you for your continued support.

Yours sincerely,

Steven Owen

Chairman

Notice of Annual General Meeting 2024 continued:

