Chairman's Thoughts

31

Message From The Chief Executive Officer

35

The Chief Financial Officer Reflects

37

Our 10-Year Financial Performance Review

42:

CHAIRMAN'S THOUGHTS

Integrated Annual Report 2023

31

Putprop Limited:

CHAIRMAN'S THOUGHTS

(CONTINUED)

BOARDS PERFORMANCE AGAINST STRATEGY

Putprop has delivered steadily over the past three decades in terms of returns, sustainable profitability and distributions. Our

approach continues to be one of conservative growth and limiting risk to all of our stakeholders, with the primary objective of

building a quality property portfolio evenly spread over all operating segments.

Certain core strategic goals set for 2023 were:

Vacancy rates maintained below 4%

This reporting period, the rate was at 10% *

To actively increase our shareholding in Pilot Peridot

We continue to explore opportunities with minority

shareholders

Finalisation of the Mamelodi Square retail centre project

This was completed on budget. Opening date October 2022

Continued reduction of overdependence of rentals from

a single tenant

Process successfully concluded with the sale of two assets

Disposal of non-core properties and the reutilisation of funds

Funds released from the sale of non core properties were

utilised against debt

(July 2023, rate reduced to 3.1%)

* For full details of the Group’s current strategic directions see pages 52 to 55.

BRIEF FINANCIAL OVERVIEW

Financial results presented are understandable when read in

conjunction with the challenges facing our economy and the

property sector, but unfortunately well below our forecast.

Rental income was up, with the inclusion of Mamelodi Square

making a significant contribution, but operating costs for the

group deteriorated. Interest cost burden also had a significant

impact on our profitability as well and the Board's decision to

adjust the valuations of our ageing properties, resulted in a small

loss for the year after tax.

Our dividend distribution, our 35th consecutive pay-out was

increased slightly, despite our lower than expected after tax

result's of a profit of R9.245 million (2022: R73.641 million profit).

This provides some consistency and certainty to our shareholders

as well as rewarding them for the trust and confidence they have

given to the Group over the past years.

BOARD EVALUATION/ CHANGES AND EXPERIENCE

The Board annually evaluates its effectiveness and performance

as a collective as well as the performance of its committees and

individual directors. In terms of the Board’s governance mandate,

a formal evaluation is performed on an annual basis by an

independent party.

The 2023 review reported that the Board was adequate to its

tasks as formalised in the Board Charter. The Board has identified

and will discuss several matters which merit a more formal

treatment arising from this review. None of the directors raised

major concerns with respect to the functioning of the Board or

any of its committees.

There were no additions or resignations to the Board during this

review period and the composition, skill set, and experience is

considered adequate for the Group. On 31st August 2023, Anna

Carleo retired from the Board of Directors, with effect from

30th November 2023. A new appointment will be considered by

the Board in due course. On behalf of the Board, I wish to note my

appreciation and thanks to Anna, for her many years of service

and dedication to the company and wish her well in her future

plans.

In terms of property and operational management experience, the

Board can rely on an accumulative experience pool of over 168

years.

Refer to page 114 for a detailed breakdown.

Integrated Annual Report 2023

33

Putprop Limited:

CHAIRMAN'S THOUGHTS

(CONTINUED)

Integrated Annual Report 2023

34

Putprop Limited:

director's report states that the Group’s internal controls and systems are designed to provide

reasonable, but not absolute, assurance as to the integrity and reliability of the ﬁnancial statements,

to safeguard, verify and maintain accountability for its assets, and to detect and minimise fraud,

potential liability, loss and material misstatement, while complying with applicable laws and regulations.

The Board regularly receives reports from specialist ﬁnancial and property advisors setting out key

ﬁnancial performance indicators. Monitoring of these key indicators allows the Board to consider

relevant control issues.

The directors have satisﬁed themselves that the systems and procedures of internal controls are

implemented, maintained and monitored for the year ended 30 June 2023. No indications exist that

these systems of internal control were not appropriate. Furthermore, no material loss, exposure or

misstatement arising from a material breakdown in the functioning of the systems has been reported to

the directors in respect of the year under review.

STAKEHOLDER COMMUNICATIONS

The Group subscribes to the principles of objective, honest, transparent, timeous, relevant and

understandable communication of both financial and non-financial matters. Communication to the public,

shareholders and other stakeholders embodies the principles of balanced reporting and substance over

form.

The Board acknowledges its duty to present a balanced and understandable assessment of the Group’s

position in reporting to all of its stakeholders.

CODES OF ETHICS AND CONDUCT

Putprop has a formal codes of ethics and conduct that have been adopted by the Board, following an

annual review by the Social and Ethics (SE) Committee and is communicated to all staff. These codes

are consistent with the highest principles of integrity, honesty, ethical behaviour and compliance with all

laws and regulations. These codes require all directors, officers and staff to adhere to their standards and

are reviewed by the ESET Committee on an annual basis.

The Board is not aware of any transgressions of the codes of ethics or conduct for the 2023 financial year

no issues of non-compliance or prosecutions have been actioned against the Group.

LIABILITY INSURANCE

Liability insurance providing cover for all members of the Board, both executive and non-executive

directors as well as prescribed officers, are in place to cover potential legal action against them by third

parties.

CONCLUSION

The Board is satisfied that its composition reflects the appropriate mix of knowledge, skills, experience

and diversity to carry out its mandate per the Board charter.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

(CONTINUED)

113

Integrated Annual Report 2023

Putprop Limited:

letter of

engagement for such work must be created and subsequently reviewed by the AR Committee. No non-audit services were carried out

for the year ending 30 June 2023.

• In addition, following the AR Committee’s review of the Independent Regulatory Board of Auditors’ latest findings report and the latest

inspection reports and summary of internal review findings in terms of paragraph 22.15 (h) of the Listings Requirements provided by

the auditors the committee satisfied itself that both HLB and Jeandre du Toit are accredited in terms of the Listings Requirements and

are independent from the Company.

• Meetings were held with the auditor where management were not present, and no matters of concern were raised. Based on our

processes followed nothing has come to the AR Committee’s attention which would lead the AR Committee to question the external

auditor’s independence. Based on our satisfaction with the results of the activities outlined above, the AR Committee has recommended

to the Board that HLB be appointed as the external auditors for the 2024 ﬁnancial year, and Jeandre Du Toit as the designated auditor,

subject to shareholder approval.

AUDIT AND RISK COMMITTEE REPORT

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2023 (CONTINUED)

Integrated Annual Report 2023

155

Putprop Limited:

letter of representation to enable them to attend the Annual General Meeting, or, alternatively, should the dematerialised shareholder

not wish to attend the Annual General Meeting, they should provide their CSDP or broker with their voting instructions.

Forms of proxy should be lodged with the Company’s transfer secretaries, Computershare Investor Services Proprietary Limited,

located at Rosebank Towers, 15 Biermann Avenue, Rosebank, 2196, South Africa, or posted to the Company’s transfer secretaries at

Private Bag X9000, Saxonwold, 2132, South Africa to be received by them by no later than 11:30 on Monday, 6 November 2023 (or

48 (forty-eight) hours before any adjournments of the Annual General Meeting which date, if necessary, will be notified on SENS).

Thereafter, forms of proxy may be handed to the chair of the Annual General Meeting prior to the commencement of the Annual

General Meeting, at any time before the appointed proxy exercises any shareholder rights at the Annual General Meeting.

Annual General Meeting participants, which includes proxies, are required to provide identification to the reasonable satisfaction of

the chair of the Annual General Meeting. An official identification document issued by the South African Department of Home Affairs,

a driver’s license or a valid passport will be accepted as sufficient identification.

Shareholders who have any doubt as to the action they must take should consult their accountant, attorney, banker or other professional

advisor immediately. On a poll, ordinary shareholders will have one vote in respect of each share held.

Putprop Limited

Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa

(Registration number 1988/001085/06)

Share code: PPR ISIN: ZAE000072310

(“Putprop” or ”the Company” or “the Group”)

Integrated Annual Report 2023

216

Putprop Limited:

letter to

shareholders accompanying this Notice contains details of where copies of the integrated annual report and annual financial statements

are available.

Report from the Social and Ethics Committee

In accordance with Regulation 43(5)(c) of the Companies Act, the chair of the Social and Ethics Committee or, in his absence, any member

of the Committee, will present the Committee’s report to shareholders at the Annual General Meeting.

Ordinary resolutions

To consider and, if deemed fit, to pass with or without modification all the ordinary resolutions relating to business set out below. More

than 50% (fifty percent) of the voting rights exercised on each individual resolution must be exercised in favour of those resolutions.

1.

Ordinary Resolution number 1: Re-election of Director

Hadyen Hartley retires in accordance with article 25.7 of Putprop’s Memorandum of Incorporation (“MOI”), but being eligible to

do so, offers himself for re-election.

“Resolved, as an ordinary resolution, that Hadyen Hartley be and is hereby re-elected as an independent non-executive director of

Putprop.”

Rationale: Putprop’s MOI and, to the extent applicable, the Companies Act requires that one-third of Putprop’s non-executive

directors rotate at the Annual General Meeting and can be eligible for re-election.

Hadyen Hartley abbreviated curriculum vitae appears on page 114 of the Integrated Annual Report to which this Notice is attached.

2.

Ordinary Resolution number 2: Re-election of Director

Daniele Torricelli retires in accordance with article 25.7 of Putprop’ s MOI, but being eligible to do so, offers himself for re-election.

“Resolved, as an ordinary resolution, that Daniele Torricelli be and is hereby re-elected as an independent non-executive director

of Putprop.”

Rationale: Putprop’ s MOI and, to the extent applicable, the Companies Act requires that one-third of Putprop’ s non-executive

directors rotate at the Annual General Meeting and can be eligible for re-election.

Daniele Torricelli abbreviated curriculum vitae appears on page 114 of the Integrated Annual Report to which this Notice is attached.

Integrated Annual Report 2023

217

Putprop Limited:

Letter of Representation to attend the Annual General

Meeting in person or by proxy and vote. If they do not wish to attend the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy, they must

provide their CSDP or broker with their voting instructions in terms of the relevant custody agreement entered into between them and

the CSDP or broker. These ordinary shareholders must not use this form of proxy.

Name of beneficial shareholder

Name of registered shareholder

Address

Telephone work ( )

Telephone home ( )

Cell:

being the holder/custodian of ____________ ordinary shares in the Company, hereby appoint (see note):

1.

or failing him/her

2.

or failing him/her

3. the Chair of the meeting

as my/our proxy to attend and act for me/us on my/our behalf at the Annual General Meeting of the Company convened for purpose of

considering and, if deemed fit, passing, with or without modification, the special and ordinary resolutions to be proposed thereat (“reso-

lutions”) and at each postponement or adjournment thereof and to vote for and/or against such resolutions, and/or abstain from voting, in

respect of the ordinary shares in the issued share capital of the Company registered in my/our name/s in accordance with the following

instructions:

FORM OF PROXY

Putprop Limited

Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa

(Registration number 1988/001085/06)

Share code: PPR ISIN: ZAE000072310

(“Putprop” or” the Company”)

Integrated Annual Report 2023

223

Putprop Limited:

Letter of Representation to

attend the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy. If they do not wish to attend in person or by proxy, they must provide the

CSDP or broker with their voting instructions in terms of the relevant custody agreement entered into between them and the CSDP

or broker. Should the CSDP or broker not have provided the Company with the details of the beneficial shareholding at the specific

request by the Company, such shares may be disallowed to vote at the Annual General Meeting.

4.

A shareholder entitled to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting may insert the name of a proxy or the names of two

alternate proxies (none of whom need be a shareholder of the Company) of the shareholder’s choice in the space provided, with

or without deleting “the Chair of the meeting”. The person whose name stands first on this form of proxy and who is present at the

Annual General Meeting will be entitled to act as proxy to the exclusion of those proxy(ies) whose names follow. Should this space

be left blank, the proxy will be exercised by the Chair of the meeting.

5.

A shareholder is entitled to one vote on a show of hands and, on a poll, one vote in respect of each ordinary share held. A shareholder’s

instructions to the proxy must be indicated by the insertion of the relevant number of votes exercisable by that shareholder in the

appropriate space provided. If an “X” has been inserted in one of the blocks to a particular resolution, it will indicate the voting of

all the shares held by the shareholder concerned. Failure to comply with this will be deemed to authorise the proxy to vote or to

abstain from voting at the Annual General Meeting as he/she deems fit in respect of all the shareholder’s votes exercisable thereat.

A shareholder or the proxy is not obliged to use all the votes exercisable by the shareholders or by the proxy, but the total of the

votes cast and in respect of which abstention is recorded may not exceed the total of the votes exercisable by the shareholder or

the proxy.

6.

A vote given in terms of an instrument of proxy shall be valid in relation to the Annual General Meeting notwithstanding the death,

insanity or other legal disability of the person granting it, or the revocation of the proxy, or the transfer of the ordinary shares in

respect of which the proxy is given, unless notice as to any of the aforementioned matters shall have been received by the transfer

secretaries not less than 48 (forty eight) hours before the commencement of the Annual General Meeting, or 48 (forty eight) hours

before any adjournment thereof.

Integrated Annual Report 2023

225

Putprop Limited:

