managing director of the

retail portfolio until 2014.

Skills, experience and contribution

Richard’s extensive property roles and experience,

alongside his operational skillset, which includes

remuneration, sustainability, environmental

and health and safety matters, enable him to

provide essential input into Board and Committee

discussions and decisions and effectively Chair the

Company’s Remuneration Committee.

External Appointments:

Chairman of Redrow plc

Year of first appointment:

2023

Ruth Anderson

Independent Non-executive Director

Charlotte Boyle

Independent Non-executive Director

Richard Akers

Senior Independent Non-executive

Director and Independent

Non-executive Director

Key

Audit Committee

Board ESC Committee

Nomination Committee

Remuneration Committee

Committee Chair

97

Shaftesbury Capital PLC | 2023 Annual Report

96

Shaftesbury Capital PLC | 2023 Annual Report:

letter last year, on completion

of the merger, Henry and Jonathan Lane stepped down from the

Board, and I would like to thank them both for their valued efforts

over the years and Henry for his experienced Chairmanship.

Michelle McGrath, who also stepped down from the Board on

the merger, is a key member of our Executive Committee and

regularly attends our Board meetings.

To ensure a more efficient and cost effective Board structure,

following the departure of Chris Ward our Chief Operating

Officer in December 2023, which resulted in a reduced

Executive team, Non-executive Directors Anthony Steains,

Jennelle Tilling and Helena Coles stepped down from the

Board with effect from 31 January 2024. Senior Independent

Director Richard Akers became Chair of the Remuneration

Committee from 1 January 2024.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank Chris for his

enormous contribution over the years to creating London's leading

central London mixed-use REIT. I would also like to thank Anthony,

Jennelle and Helena for their significant contribution to our

historic Boards, the merger and subsequent successful integration.

Succession planning is an important part of our governance

processes. Looking forward, the Nomination Committee

is continuing to develop and monitor succession plans both

at Board and senior management level.

Board evaluation

This year, as both Capco and Shaftesbury had last undertaken

external reviews in 2020, it was agreed that an external Board

evaluation should be undertaken in November 2023, and I am

pleased to report it was recognised that good progress had

been made by both the Board and its Committees on their

respective activities. Details of the process and findings of the

review can be found on page 118.

Engaging with our shareholders

In addition to our investor relations programme led by

Ian Hawksworth and Situl Jobanputra, which included our

inaugural and well-received Investor Event in November 2023,

in advance of our 2023 AGM, Jennelle Tilling and Charlotte

Boyle offered to meet with shareholders holding in total

Leadership and

purpose

Board members and meeting attendance

Number of meetings held: 101

Number of Board

meetings attended

Chairman

Jonathan Nicholls

6/6

Henry Staunton2

4/4

Executive Directors

Ian Hawksworth

10/10

Situl Jobanputra

10/10

Chris Ward

6/6

Michelle McGrath2

4/4

Non-executive Directors

Richard Akers

6/6

Ruth Anderson

6/6

Charlotte Boyle

10/10

Helena Coles

6/6

Jennelle Tilling

6/6

Anthony Steains

10/10

Jonathan Lane2

4/4

1. Four Board meetings were held in 2023 prior to completion of the merger.

2. Henry Staunton and Jonathan Lane retired, and Michelle McGrath

stepped down, from the Board as a result of the merger on 6 March

2023 and could only attend a maximum of four Board meetings.

53 per cent of our register in respect of our remuneration

arrangements. Following a review of our Remuneration Policy led

by Jennelle in the autumn, we provided an update to, and sought

feedback from, shareholders. As part of our seeking of feedback,

I offered to meet shareholders holding in total over 55 per cent

of our register to discuss our corporate governance arrangements

and the review of our Remuneration Policy, with Richard Akers

attending meetings as appropriate. Feedback from those

communications and meetings was then shared with the Board.

The Board will consider the new reporting requirements of the

UK Corporate Governance Code published in January 2024,

during the coming year.

A team effort

On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank the whole team

for all their hard work both in the months up to the merger,

and subsequently in embracing change, adapting and being

innovative to support the successful integration of our two

businesses. The result of which has created a strong platform

from which we can further develop our relationships with, and

deliver long-term returns to, our wide range of stakeholders.

Jonathan Nicholls

Chairman

28 February 2024

Chinatown

101

Shaftesbury Capital PLC | 2023 Annual Report

100

Shaftesbury Capital PLC | 2023 Annual Report:

letter.

1.1 Remuneration policy

The key objectives of the Company’s Remuneration Policy are to:

― Strongly align executive and shareholder interests

― Underpin an effective pay-for-performance culture

― Support the retention, motivation and recruitment of talented people who are commercially astute

― Encourage executives to acquire and retain significant holdings of Shaftesbury Capital shares

The Committee aims to achieve an appropriate balance between fixed and variable remuneration, and between variable remuneration

based on short-term and longer-term performance. Fixed remuneration includes base salary, benefits and pension. Variable remuneration

includes an annual bonus, of which part is deferred in shares, and awards under the Performance Share Plan (“PSP”).

The Remuneration Policy is aligned to the strategy and nature of the Company, and reflects the importance of total return and the

long-term nature of Shaftesbury Capital’s business, rewarding the Executive Directors for delivering strong performance against the

Company’s key performance indicators (“KPIs”).

In order to avoid any conflict of interest, remuneration is managed through well-defined processes ensuring that no individual is

involved in the decision-making process related to their own remuneration. In particular, the remuneration of all Executive Directors

is set and approved by the Committee; none of the Executive Directors are involved in the determination of their own remuneration

arrangements.

Each year, with the support of external advisers, the Committee undertakes a review of the remuneration of the Executive Directors.

It has oversight of the remuneration of the senior managers immediately below Board level, and the Company Secretary. It

considers the responsibilities, experience and performance of the Executive Directors and pay across the Group.

The Policy was approved by shareholders at the 2023 AGM and applies to incentive awards with performance periods beginning on

1 January 2023. Payments to Directors can only be made if they are consistent with a shareholder approved Policy or amendment

to the Policy.

Details of each element of remuneration, its operation, purpose, link to strategy and performance metrics are set out in this section.

133

Shaftesbury Capital PLC | 2023 Annual Report

132

Shaftesbury Capital PLC | 2023 Annual Report:

letter of

appointment contains a three-month notice period. The letters of appointment may be viewed at the Company’s registered office.

Corporate Governance | Remuneration

139

Shaftesbury Capital PLC | 2023 Annual Report

138

Shaftesbury Capital PLC | 2023 Annual Report:

