Managing Director of Sirius Facilities

GmbH where he has primary

responsibility for new lettings and

tenant retention. Prior to joining

Sirius he was director of sales &

marketing for Mice AG, a

conferencing, meeting room and

congress business, and has a wealth

of experience in leading national

and international sales teams.

AM

AM

HR

AM

HR

SENIOR MANAGEMENT TEAM

Strong leadership and operating excellence

Committee membership

AM Asset Management Committee

ESG Environmental, Social and Governance Committee

HR Human Resources Committee

TEC Technology Committee

Chairman of Committee:

letter to the auditors in relation to the audit for the 2023 financial

year and recommended it to the Board for approval

» Received and challenged EY’s audit strategy and planning report for the 2023 audit, including the scope,

areas of focus, materiality, team and programme

» Reviewed the audit firm’s public disciplinary and quality record, and its auditor transparency report

» Assessed the auditors’ performance, quality and independence and agreed to carry out an internal

performance and quality review post year end

» Received EY’s audit update report in relation to the 2023 audit, including issues relating to audit conduct,

revenue recognition and portfolio valuation

» Held private sessions with EY without management present

Annual Report and

Accounts 2023 and

announcement of results

» Reviewed the Board’s going concern and viability statement

» Carried out a “fair, balanced and understandable” assessment

» Reviewed the content, including the Audit Committee report, and recommended the Annual Report and

preliminary announcement to the Board for approval

Half Year Report 2023 and

announcement of results

» Reviewed the CFO’s summary of the half year results

» Received and discussed EY’s report on their half year review

» Discussed and challenged the key assumptions of a presentation from the Group’s valuer, C&W, on the

portfolio valuation for the half year 2023

» Reviewed the content and recommended the Half Year Report and announcement to the Board for approval

Dividends

» Considered management’s paper on dividends including cash flow statement

» Reviewed a solvency statement as required under The Companies (Guernsey) Law, 2008 and considered the

dividend for the second half of the year ended 31 March 2022, recommending it to the Board for approval

» Reviewed a solvency statement and considered the dividend for the six months ended 30 September 2022,

recommending it to the Board for approval

Internal audit

» Discussed progress towards the establishment of an internal audit function and asked management to

recommend an initial scope of work for FY24

» Received a report by BDO on BizSpace and discussed a progress update by management on the actions

taken

Risk, controls and

regulation

» Reviewed severe but plausible stress tests on the Group’s financial position and prospects

» Received periodic risk and control reports, including the Group’s risk matrix and updates to risks and

mitigations

» Received the Whistleblowing Incidents Report and noted roll-out of Whistleblowing Policy and procedures

to BizSpace

» Considered potential future ESG regulation impact on valuations

» Monitored and reviewed the Group’s responses to the JSE in relation to the JSE’s Proactive Monitoring

Programme

» Noted actions taken in relation to data security and IT resilience

» Reviewed the Group’s Risk Management Policy and undertook a review of the effectiveness of the Group’s

internal controls

Policy

» Applied the new Non-Audit Fee Policy following the Revised Ethical Standard 2019 published by the FRC in

December 2019 and updated the policy to facilitate project work by the external auditors:

letter are the two principal sections of the report:

» the Directors’ Remuneration Policy (the “Remuneration

Policy”) – this sets out our forward-looking Remuneration

Policy for Directors; and

» the Annual report on remuneration – this provides details of

the amounts earned by the Directors in respect of the year

ended 31 March 2023.

Our Remuneration Policy is designed to support the creation

of long-term sustainable shareholder value and provide a clear,

consistent and cohesive approach to reward for a FTSE 250

company. The Committee believes that the Remuneration Policy

continues to support our strategy and, accordingly, remains

appropriate. We will continue to monitor the operation of the

Remuneration Policy with a current intention to undertake a fuller

review in advance of the 2024 AGM in line with the usual UK

timeline of reviewing the Remuneration Policy every three years.

However, in line with JSE Listings Requirements we will put the

Remuneration Policy to an advisory vote at the 2023 AGM.

Remuneration in the context of our

business performance and outcomes for

our key stakeholders

Our aim is always to consider the wider workforce, our

shareholders and other stakeholders by taking a fair and

balanced approach to remuneration.

This year has been another strong year for Sirius, the Company’s

portfolio continues to demonstrate its resilience in both Germany

and the UK. Dividend and FFO growth is supported by strong

trading, with continued demand for space at our properties

leading to rent roll increases of 8.1% across the Group and a

robust leasing pipeline. The Company ended the year with cash

reserves of €124.3m.

The Company has taken a number of proactive measures to

identify and mitigate against future potential risks in light of

challenging market conditions during the year. These include the

early renewal of maturing finance so that the Group now has

around 90% of the Group’s debt maturing in excess of three

years. These early and strategic efforts have enabled the business

to remain extremely-well positioned going forwards and we

remain focused on growing our FFO organically, in order to

continue to deliver attractive risk-adjusted returns to shareholders.

“ Our Remuneration Policy is designed

to support the creation of long‑term

sustainable shareholder value and

provide a clear, consistent and

cohesive approach to reward. Our

aim is always to consider the wider

workforce, our shareholders and other

stakeholders by taking a fair and

balanced approach to remuneration.”

Joanne Kenrick

Chair of the Remuneration Committee

The primary functions of the Committee are to:

» design and determine the remuneration and associated

benefits of the Executive Directors of the Company and

the senior management of the Group; and

» review workforce remuneration and related policies for

their alignment with the Group’s values and culture, and

take these into account when setting the policy for

Executive Director and senior management remuneration.

The Committee’s Terms of Reference are available at

www.sirius-real-estate.com.:

Managing Director Briefings

and lunch meetings hosted by Andrew Coombs.

» Key area 3 – One team – establishing structured support to

employees to aid their personal and professional development at

Sirius, with the aim of positively impacting retention and

engagement; launch of academy/training offer in October, rolled

out monthly from January 2023; introduction of hybrid training for

field colleagues; focussing on development and career pathways

– there were 55 internal promotions; creating new learning

opportunities including the establishment of a group exchange

programme and the design of an internal mentoring programme.

Establish charging points at a further 20

properties, focusing on tenant-specific

charging points. Add smart-metering at a

further 6 locations in line with the roadmap

to equip all sites by 2027.

We continue to make progress on our EV-charging point installations,

with 20 added in the period, and a further 2 already scheduled for

completion by September 2023. We are also engaging with our

tenants to identify and review other sites for installation of EV-

charging points.

EV charging

March 22

March 23

Total number of sites

77

79

Total number equipped

38

58

Proportion of sites equipped

49%

73.4%

Our roll-out of smart energy meters across our German sites is on

track to be completed by 2027, with 6 additional sites equipped in

this FY2023.

Smart energy meters

March 22

March 23

Total number of sites

77

79

Total number equipped

12

18

Proportion of sites equipped

15.6%

22.8%

DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION REPORT CONTINUED

Annual bonus continued

ESG objectives, personal objectives and strategic objectives 2022/23 financial year – outturn continued:

letter on page 109.

Total shareholder return performance graph and CEO remuneration

The graph below shows the total shareholder return (“TSR”) performance for the Company’s shares in comparison to the FTSE 250

for the period 1 April 2013 to 31 March 2023. The Company is a constituent of this index and, as such, it has been selected as an

appropriate comparator group. For the purposes of this graph, TSR has been calculated as the percentage change during the period

in the market price of the shares, assuming that dividends are reinvested. The graph shows the value by 31 March 2023 of €100

invested in the Group over the period compared with €100 invested in the FTSE 250.

The total remuneration of the CEO over the past seven(1) financial years is shown below. The annual bonus pay-out and LTIP vesting

level as a percentage of the maximum opportunity are also shown.

Year ended 31 March

Total remuneration

€

Annual bonus

(% maximum)

LTIP vesting

(% maximum)

2023

2,459,352

95%

100%

2022

3,372,125

97%

100%

2021

2,795,766

100%

100%

2020

968,598

95%

—

2019

6,631,533

95%

96% (2)

2018

989,175

100%

—

2017

906,143

83%

—

(1) The Company was admitted to the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and the Main Board of the JSE Limited in March 2017.

(2) The 2015 LTIP vested in full in this year, having only had one single award grant in 2015 when the Company was listed on the Alternative Investment

Market of the London Stock Exchange. As announced on 28 June 2018, the Executive Directors voluntarily surrendered 4% of their awards, to

enable the awards to be reallocated to 79 employees who did not participate in the 2015 LTIP. The percentage in the table is post-surrender of

those shares.

$1000

$800

$600

$400

$200

$0

Sunday

31 March 2013

Monday

31 March 2014

Tuesday

31 March 2015

Thursday

31 March 2016

Friday

31 March 2017

Saturday

31 March 2018

Sunday

31 March 2019

Tuesday

31 March 2020

Wednesday

31 March 2021

Thursday

31 March 2022

Friday

31 March 2023

Sirius Real Estate

FTSE 250:

letter of support is

expected to be required from the Company. The Directors also

evaluated potential events and conditions beyond the going

concern period that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s

ability to continue as a going concern, with no significant

transactions or events of material uncertainty identified.

The Group’s going concern assessment is based on a forecast

of the Group’s future cash flows. This considers Management’s

base case scenario and a severe but plausible downside scenario

where sensitivities are applied to model the outcome on the

occurrence of downside assumptions explained below.

It considers the Group’s principal risks and uncertainties and

is dependent on a number of factors including financial

performance, continued access to lending facilities (see note 24)

and the ability to continue to operate the Group’s secured and

unsecured debt structure within its financial covenants. Within

the going concern period, three of the Group’s facilities mature,

with the €20.0 million tranche of the HSBC Schuldschein loan

falling due in July 2023, the Berlin Hyp facility of €170.0 million

having already been refinanced in August 2022 one year ahead

of its maturity in October 2023 (see note 24) and the Deutsche

Pfandbriefbank loan of €57.3 million, which falls due in December

2023 having been refinanced on 26 May 2023 through a new

€58.3 million facility extending to 31 December 2030 (see note

35). No further debt of the Group matures until 2025.

The severe but plausible scenario models a potential downturn

in the Group’s performance, including the potential impact of

downside macro-factors such as geopolitical instability, future

energy shortages, further cost increases due to inflation,

pressures from increasing interest rates and outward yield

movements on the Group’s financial position and future

prospects. The cash flow projections incorporate assumptions on

future trading performance and potential valuation movements

in order to estimate the level of headroom on facilities and:

letter of support is expected to be required from the Company. The Directors also evaluated potential

events and conditions beyond the going concern period that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going

concern, with no significant transactions or events of material uncertainty identified.

The Group’s going concern assessment is based on a forecast of the Group’s future cash flows. This considers Management’s base

case scenario and a severe but plausible downside scenario where sensitivities are applied to model the outcome on the occurrence

of downside assumptions explained below. It considers the Group’s principal risks and uncertainties and is dependent on a number

of factors including financial performance, continued access to lending facilities (see note 24) and the ability to continue to operate

the Group’s secured and unsecured debt structure within its financial covenants. Within the going concern period, three of the

Group’s facilities mature, with the €20.0 million tranche of the HSBC Schuldschein loan falling due in July 2023, the Berlin Hyp facility

of €170.0 million having already been refinanced in August 2022 one year ahead of its maturity in October 2023 (see note 24) and

the Deutsche Pfandbriefbank loan of €57.3 million, which falls due in December 2023 having been refinanced on 26 May 2023

through a new €58.3 million facility extending to 31 December 2030 (see note 35). No further debt of the Group matures until 2025.

The severe but plausible scenario models a potential downturn in the Group’s performance, including the potential impact of

downside macro-factors such as geopolitical instability, future energy shortages, further cost increases due to inflation, pressures

from increasing interest rates and outward yield movements on the Group’s financial position and future prospects. The cash flow

projections incorporate assumptions on future trading performance and potential valuation movements in order to estimate the

level of headroom on facilities and covenants for loan to value, debt service cover, EPRA net asset value, unencumbered assets

ratios, fixed charge ratios and occupancy ratios set out within the relevant finance agreements.

The impact of the macro-factors above have placed further pressure on the costs of the business, however this did not result in any

deterioration in the Group’s income streams in FY23 and asset values remained relatively stable. However, the Directors have been

mindful of the challenging macro-factors present in the market from 31 March 2022 and have reflected this in an increase to the

severity of the falls in valuations assessed in the severe but plausible downside scenario in the going concern period.

The base case and severe but plausible downside scenarios include the following assumptions applied to both the German and

UK portfolios:

Base case:

» 5.5% growth in rent roll at 31 March 2023, principally from contractual increases in rents and organic growth through lease renewals;

» increasing cost levels in line with forecast inflation of 6% to March 2024 and 2% beyond;

» continuation of forecast capex investment;

» continuation of forecast dividend payments in line with historic dividend payouts;

» payment of contractual loan interest and loan amortisation amounts, repayment of €20.0 million of the Schuldschein facility in July 2023

and utilisation of the new Berlin Hyp and Deutsche Pfandbriefbank facilities on the maturity of existing facilities in October and

December 2023; and

» no acquisitions or sale of assets within the period.

Severe but plausible downside scenario:

» reduction in occupancy and rental income of 10% per annum from the base case assumptions;

» reduction in service charge recovery of 10% per annum from the base case assumptions;

» reduction in property valuations of 10% per annum; and

» payment of contractual loan interest and loan amortisation amounts, repayment of €20.0 million of the Schuldschein facility in

July and utilisation of the new Berlin Hyp and Deutsche Pfandbriefbank facilities on the maturity of existing facilities in October

and December 2023.

The Directors are of the view that there is a remote probability of a more severe scenario arising than the above severe but plausible

downside scenario based upon the Group’s track record of performance in challenging scenarios, most recently through the high

inflationary environment in both Germany and the UK, the Covid-19 pandemic and post-pandemic period. In addition, the Group has

already secured the refinancing of the Deutsche Pfandbriefbank and Berlin Hyp AG facilities in advance of their maturity dates in the

going concern period.

In the severe but plausible downside scenario, the Group is expected to comply with its loan covenants, with no covenant

breaches forecasted.

The Directors are of the view that there is a high probability of securing the refinancing or an alternative source of secured or

unsecured funding to replace the €20.0 million Schuldschein facility. This judgement has been informed by the Group’s financial

forecasts and the Group’s track-record in previously refinancing maturing debt. The Company is in discussions with its current

lender to secure re-financing as it comes due. Should the debt facility falling due not be refinanced or extended, the group has

available cash to repay the facility and could call upon the use of mitigating factors referred to below. The mitigating factors are

within the control of the Directors and there is sufficient time for such mitigating factors to be implemented, if required.:

