letter to stakeholders

16

Report from the CFO and outgoing

interim CEO

22

Report from the CTO and acting CEO

OPERATIONAL REVIEW

25

Consumer Health

27

Medical Devices

30

Pharma

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

33

Corporate Governance report

40

Board of directors

42

Remuneration report

52

Social, ethics and transformation committee report

FINANCIAL AND SHAREHOLDER

INFORMATION

56

Audit statement

56

Performance measures

57

Consolidated statement of profit or loss

58

Consolidated statement of comprehensive income

59

Consolidated statement of financial position

60

Consolidated statement of changes in equity

61

Consolidated cash flow statement

62

Notes to the financial statements

78

Shareholder information

79

Shareholders’ diary

80

Corporate information

1

55

32

24

13

CONTENTS

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022:

LETTER TO

STAKEHOLDERS

As an activist lobbying for the rights of retail shareholders

of Ascendis Health during the group recapitalisation in 2021,

my early relationship with the company was adversarial at

times. We believe the leadership of Retail Activist Investors was

able to influence the outcome of the group recapitalisation

and ensure that minority shareholders were not only heard,

but ultimately represented on the company’s board.

I would like to acknowledge the willingness and

maturity of the management team, led by former CEO

Mark Sardi, for their regular and constructive engagement

with the retail activists. This contributed to a positive

outcome and overwhelming shareholder support for

the group recapitalisation. I also thank my predecessor

Andrew Marshall, who served as chairman of the group for

over two years, for his stewardship of the board.: Dear Stakeholders

In the past year the group has

gone from being burdened

with mounting debt of almost

R8 billion and facing the strong

possibility of entering into

business rescue, to successfully

completing the group

recapitalisation, undertaking

further funding restructuring

and corporate activity to enter

the 2023 financial year with a

near complete debt solution.

14

ASCENDIS HEALTH LTD | INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022

letter entirely.

Like many businesses in the South African macro-environment,

we face unprecedented pressures to maintain and improve

margins with continually escalating costs of doing business.

It is also apparent that these pressures have been compounded

by our businesses facing a backlog of investment, reputational

damage from the unexpected board changes in December

and liquidity pressure arising from the group corporate activity

that have contributed to operational inefficiencies. Despite

these difficulties, I must commend and thank our management

teams that have been outstanding in preserving the businesses

through the turbulence of the group restructure and Covid-19.

As the de-leveraging journey nears its end, our focus has shifted

to unlocking value in the businesses. My appointment was

driven by a recognition that this effort needs to be accelerated

given the urgency to deploy capital to restore the businesses

and enable growth, and in some instances, drive optimisation

and resilience in the face of a challenging macro environment.

We have commenced a rigorous programme, working

alongside management of the businesses, to drive greater

visibility on performance and stabilise the operations, optimise

costs, enhance operating models and margins, and drive

growth through sophisticated and fact-based capital allocation.

We have also embarked on a process to review and ensure

we have the right people in the right roles with an appropriate

remuneration structure to instil a culture of ownership and

accountability. This will entail an incentive “reset” in order to

break away from the trend of management incentives linked

to divestments and EBITDA towards robust KPIs closely linked

to return on capital invested and cash generation. At a group

management level, a core focus is to change the behaviour

and thinking of our people and in this regard, I believe it is of

paramount importance that key personnel are aligned with the

best interests of shareholders via equity-linked incentives –

investigating suitable solutions in this regard will be a priority.

We are fortunate that our businesses have strong customer

and supplier relationships, brands, technical depth, and market

positioning in growing segments and niches and I am excited

by the potential our businesses have in the South African

healthcare landscape. The resilience they have shown has given

us all hope and confirmed that there is value and untapped

growth in the future.

My team has made excellent progress to date in fixing the

plane, mid-air, and I believe we are laying a solid foundation in

our pursuit of operational excellence. Guaranteed, it will not

all be plain sailing in the coming years, but I believe we are

taking important steps in mitigating the downside risk. I look

forward to reporting on progress at the interim results in March

next year.

Restructuring head office

As we embark on this exciting and challenging next phase in the

Ascendis journey, we have to ensure that the group head office

structure supports the value unlock in the businesses in a cost

effective manner, recognising the smaller group that remains.

Some progress has been made in recent months in this regard,

but the cost of the head office remains excessive and the

structure continues to resemble a “corporate head office”

instead of a more appropriate high impact “investment holding

company” with a portfolio management team focused on

driving value.

Alongside the work within the underlying businesses, I will be

focused on accelerating the ongoing head office winddown

towards a leaner, more cost effective holding company

structure.

Appreciation

The past few months have given me confidence that we have

both an opportunity and the ability to reset Ascendis and

position it as a purpose-driven value creating organisation that

enables our external stakeholders and our staff to thrive.

I have no doubt that, without the encumbrance of excessive

debt, there are amazing things to come for our people,

businesses and stakeholders.

I would like to thank the board, my fellow executives, and the

teams in the business for the welcome afforded to me, and

for their willingness to commit to the exciting journey ahead.

It will not always be easy but we will be doing it together. I am

excited about the journey and grateful for the opportunity.

Carl Neethling

CTO and acting CEO

LEADERSHIP

REVIEW

23

ASCENDIS HEALTH LTD | INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2022:

