Dear Stakeholders

We are pleased to present our 2022 integrated annual report,

which is our primary report prepared for all our stakeholders.

We have structured the report in order to comprehensively,

but concisely, disclose who we are as a company, why and

how we conduct our business, and the value we create for

all our shareholders.

We appreciate that the report includes significant detail about

our Company and that it will take time to read. We have tried

to make this easier by designing it as an interactive report so

that, by using the various navigation tools within the report,

you can quickly and easily move between sections that

interest you.

Integrated thinking is embodied in our core purpose of

Making life better. This integrated annual report details how

we created, preserved or eroded value for our shareholders,

providers of financial capital and other stakeholder groups

during the year.

The performance section follows the six capital model format

so that the reader can see how these capital resources were

used and how they performed.

REPORTING SCOPE AND BOUNDARY

Our report provides a comprehensive view of Life Healthcare

Group Holdings Limited (Life Healthcare, the Group or

the Company) and covers the period 1 October 2021 to

30 September 2022 as well as all relevant information

and material events after our year-end up to

29 November 2022.

We provide an overview of our business model, governance

structures, strategy and progress against our strategic

objectives, and how these are influenced by the material

matters, risks and opportunities, stakeholder concerns and

the external environment that we face and how these could

have a direct or indirect impact on our ability to create,

preserve or erode value for the Group and our stakeholders

over the short (less than one year), medium (between one

and two years) and long term (three or more years).

In addition, this report includes financial and non-financial

information relating to our two major geographical segments

(southern Africa and International) and their underlying

business components.

PROCESS DISCLOSURES

The Group Executive Management Committee (ExCo) is

responsible for the compilation and presentation of the

report, while the Board and its Committees are involved in

reviewing and approving the reporting suite.

The following steps were taken leading up to the publication

of our integrated report and related material:

¬ An executive management workshop was held in early

July 2022 to determine areas for improvement in our

disclosure and set out responsibilities for compiling the report.

¬ Our material matters (

page 16) were determined by

analysing various Board and ExCo papers related to the

Group’s strategy, operating environment and key risks

facing the business. Our material matters were then

grouped into key themes, including mapping showing how

these relate to the Group’s risks and stakeholders. They

were then reviewed by ExCo and subsequently submitted

to the Audit Committee in July 2022. Amendments were

made to both the risk register and the mapping of the

material matters.

¬ Our disclosure related to Environmental, Social and

Governance (ESG) matters (see

pages 121 to 125) have

become a prominent topic at both ExCo and Board level.

We created a Sustainable Development Committee during

2021 and this Committee has driven the increased

reporting of our ESG metrics and is responsible for drawing

up our Group-wide ESG targets and the roadmap for

achieving these targets. Our ESG-related Sustainability

Complementary Data report and long-term environmental

commitments were compiled by this Committee, reviewed

by ExCo and approved by the Social, Ethics and

Transformation Committee in November 2022.

Our environmental targets will be finalised and published

during 2023.

Our integrated annual reporting boundary covers risks,

opportunities and outcomes arising from:

Our financial reporting boundary

(determined by control and significant influence*)

Our strategy

page 19

Our business

model

page 8

Group CFO’s

review

page 86

Subsidiaries

Our stakeholders

page 14

Our operating

environment

page 10

Life Healthcare Group Holdings Limited

Our

performance

page 84

Seven-year

performance

review

page 111

Joint ventures

Our material

matters

page 16

Our

governance

page 38

Annual

financial

statements

website

Associates

Our financial reporting information can be

found in the following places:

* information relating to our major subsidiaries, joint ventures and

associates, including an organogram, can be found within our

Annual Financial Statements which can be accessed via our website.

LIFE HEALTHCARE GROUP

Integrated annual report 2022

2:

