Letter for 2023 Annual Report

It has been just over a year since we rebranded as Lesaka and welcomed the Connect Group into our business, and yet so much has

been achieved by this team that the business is barely recognizable. After many years of significant losses, the strategy put in place in

2020 by our new Board is being realized with tangible results starting to come through.

Our revenues increased from $222.6 million (ZAR 3.4 billion) to $528.0 million (ZAR 9.5 billion) attributable to inclusion of the

Connect Group and the excellent growth in the Merchant Division, as well as the successful turnaround of the Consumer Division,

with the Group’s net loss narrowing from $40.2 million (ZAR 610.9 million) to $15.3 million (R275.3 million), an improvement of

$24.8 million (ZAR 335.6 million). Most impressively, through outstanding performances from both divisions, our Group Adjusted

EBITDA, a non-GAAP1 measure, improved from a loss of $17.6 million (ZAR 267.7 million) in 2022 to a profit of $27.7 million

(ZAR 497.6 million), an improvement of $45.4 million (ZAR 765.3 million). I am exceptionally proud of our leadership team and

employees for delivering this performance.

Several milestones were achieved during the year. The Consumer Division reached its goal of achieving profitability in the second

quarter of FY23 and ended the year with an adjusted EBITDA of $3.3 million (ZAR 59.5 million), an improvement of $25.0 million

(ZAR 388.9 million) compared to 2022. We have completed our restructuring phase and are now firmly focused on the growth of our

account base through a number of interventions and initiatives that our Consumer team is executing. The challenges with the Post

Office are impacting South Africa’s most vulnerable individuals and we are working with SASSA wherever possible to bring financial

inclusion, choice and dignity to grant recipients.

The Connect Group acquisition has been transformational for Lesaka. From a sub-scale merchant division focused primarily at the

enterprise level, Lesaka is now a champion of MSME merchants in South Africa, helping them to compete and grow with our holistic

offering. At an operational level the Merchant Division has achieved excellent growth rates this year. Devices deployed increased

from approximately 51,000 to approximately 75,000, with card acquiring enabled devices growing 98% to 44,900. Our secure vaults

took in over ZAR 110 billion cash this year, making this immediately available to our merchants. Our supplier payments platform

enabled small merchants to make almost R4 billion in payments to suppliers, a 300% increase. These are real value adding services

for our merchants which allow us to differentiate our offering and entrench ourselves in our merchants’ businesses. Importantly this

growth is all being achieved in a profitable manner, with the Connect business growing EBITDA 44% this year and driving the

Merchant Division to over $33.4 million (ZAR 600.0 million) in adjusted EBITDA.

In South Africa’s rural, informal and township economies Lesaka is playing an increasingly important role in bringing real financial

inclusion to previously underserved individuals. Through our EasyPay consumer offering and Kazang merchant offering we are now

touching the lives of 1.3 million consumers and their families and over 75,000 merchants. As we grow and gain a better understanding

of our customers, we will be able to further improve our value propositions and entrench Lesaka as a sector leader.

From a balance sheet perspective, we have made significant progress this year and, with our improved trading and cash flows, have

restructured our debt facilities to provide greater flexibility in managing our cash resources and to fund additional acquisition

opportunities. We have also managed to secure greatly improved interest rates on our credit facilities. While our improved cash flows

allow us to more aggressively invest in our organic growth, acquisitions will remain an important part of our overall strategy as we

look to add scale to our existing businesses and broaden our service offering to merchants. We continue to investigate opportunities

to exit our non-core investments. We signed a share repurchase agreement with Finbond which should close in late calendar 2023 and

realize ZAR 64 million in cash which will be used to pay down debt.

During the year we have also made great strides in further enhancing our governance, internal controls and management information

and reporting capabilities across both the Consumer and Merchant segments of the business; particularly with the Connect Group

integration.

A further highlight has been the Lesaka Values Journey, which involved every member of staff and management, thus ensuring the

company aspires to the highest levels of customer service excellence, product innovation and ethical business practices and leadership.

In July 2023 Venessa Naidoo joined the Board and the Audit Committee, and I look forward to working with her as she brings her

deep and relevant experience to our business.

I would like to express my gratitude to our Executive Team and dedicated employees, whose hard work and commitment have been

crucial to Lesaka’s achievements this year. Their perseverance, creativity and passion have transformed Lesaka, and I am confident in

their ability to continue to deliver on our commitments to our customers, funders and shareholders and overcome the challenges we

face in South Africa.

1 Refer to Item 7 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Use of non-GAAP

measures for a discussion regarding our non-GAAP measures and a reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measure.:

Managing Director at Investec Bank Plc (“Investec”), an LSE-listed specialist

bank and wealth manager, having served in many different roles within the Investec Group since 2001. He was also an executive

director for various international and regional subsidiaries of Investec Bank Plc. Mr. Meyer is a member of the South African Institute

of Chartered Accountants, holds an MSc Finance from the London Business School and a Post Graduate Diploma in Accounting from

the University of Cape Town.

Naeem E. Kola has been our Group Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary since March 1, 2022. Mr. Kola has held

progressively senior finance roles in Dubai, most notably as Chief Financial Officer of the Emerging Markets Payments Group

(“EMP”), a high-growth fintech business that grew materially and successfully concluded and integrated five acquisitions during his

six-year tenure as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to becoming Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Kola was Senior Vice President for

Investments, Strategy and Business Planning at EMP. Since the acquisition of EMP by Network International in 2017, Mr. Kola has

been an Operations Director and Strategic Advisor to the emerging market private equity firm Actis, where he again focused on fintech

businesses.

Lincoln C. Mali has been our Chief Executive Officer: Southern Africa since May 1, 2021. Mr. Mali is a financial services

executive with over 25 years in the industry. Until April 2021, he was the Head of Group Card and Payments at Standard Bank Group,

and previously served in many different roles within that organization since 2001. Mr. Mali chaired the board of directors of Diners

Club South Africa until April 2021, and was a member of the Central and Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa Business Council

for Visa. Mr. Mali holds Bachelor of Arts (BA) and Bachelor of Laws (LLB) degrees from Rhodes University, an MBA from Henley

Management College, various diplomas and attended an Advanced Management Program at Harvard Business School.

Steven J. Heilbron has been the Chief Executive Officer of the Connect Group since 2013 and joined us following the acquisition

of Connect in April 2022 in the same capacity. Mr. Heilbron has two decades of financial services experience, having spent 19 years

working for Investec in South Africa and the UK, where he served as Global Head of Private Banking and Joint Chief Executive

Officer of Investec. He led a private consortium that acquired Cash Connect Management Solutions (Pty) Ltd (“CCMS”) in 2013. Mr.

Heilbron has presided over significant organic growth in the rebranded Connect, as well as spearheading the successful acquisition

and integration of Kazang and EFTpos acquired from the Paycorp Group in February 2020. He is a member of the South African

Institute of Chartered Accountants.:

Letter between Nedbank Limited and Net1

Applied Technologies South Africa Limited and

certain of its subsidiaries dated as of December 13,

2013 and First Addendum thereto dated as of

December 18, 2013

8-K

10.27

December 19, 2013

10.32: Letter from Nedbank Limited to Net1 Applied

Technologies South Africa Proprietary Limited and

certain of its subsidiaries, dated December 7, 2016

8-K

10.50

December 9, 2016

10.33

Policy Agreement, dated April 11, 2016, among the

Company and the IFC Investors

8-K

10.32

April 12, 2016

Letter of Amendment, dated August 2, 2021, among

Net1 Applied Technologies South Africa Proprietary

Limited and FirstRand Bank Limited (acting through

its Rand Merchant Bank division), as lender, related

to the amendment to the Senior Facility E Agreement

8-K

10.1

August 2, 2021

10.41

Fifth Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated

March 16, 2023, between Lesaka Technologies

Proprietary Limited (as borrower), and FirstRand

Bank Limited (acting through its Rand Merchant

Bank division) (as lender), and FirstRand Bank

Limited (acting through its Rand Merchant Bank

division) (as facility agent)

8-K

10.1

March 22, 2023

10.42

First Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated

March 22, 2023, between Cash Connect Management

Solutions Proprietary Limited (as borrower), arranged

by FirstRand Bank Limited (acting through its Rand

Merchant Bank division) (as mandated lead arranger),

and FirstRand Bank Limited (acting through its Rand

Merchant Bank division) (as facility agent)

8-K

10.2

March 22, 2023

10.43

Revolving Credit Facility Agreement, dated

November 29, 2022, between Cash Connect Capital

Proprietary Limited, the Parties Listed in Part I of

Schedule 1 (the Original Guarantors) and FirstRand

Bank Limited (acting through its Rand Merchant

Bank division) (as Lender)

8-K

10.1

December 5, 2022

14

Code of Ethics

X

21

Subsidiaries of Registrant

X

23

Consent of Independent Registered Public

Accounting Firm

X

31.1

Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant

to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities

Exchange Act of 1934, as amended

X:

Letter of

Amendment to increase Facility E from ZAR 1.2 billion to ZAR 1.4 billion ($74.3 million, translated at exchange rates applicable as

of June 30, 2023). Interest on the overdraft facility is payable on the first day of the month following utilization of the facility and on

the final maturity date based on the South African prime rate. The overdraft facility amount utilized must be repaid in full within one

month of utilization and at least 90% of the amount utilized must be repaid within 25 days. The overdraft facility is secured by a pledge

by Lesaka SA of, among other things, cash and certain bank accounts utilized in the Company’s ATM funding process, the cession of

Lesaka SA’s shareholding in Cell C, the cession of an insurance policy with Senate Transit Underwriters Managers Proprietary

Limited, and any rights and claims Lesaka SA has against Grindrod Bank Limited. As at June 30, 2023, the Company had utilized

approximately ZAR 0.4 billion ($23.0 million) of this overdraft facility. This overdraft facility may only be used to fund ATMs and

therefore the overdraft utilized and converted to cash to fund the Company’s ATMs is considered restricted cash. The prime rate on

June 30, 2023, was 11.75%.:

Letter on March 22, 2022 with RMB, which provides

RMB with step in rights to perform the obligations or enforce the rights of Lesaka and Lesaka SA under the VCP Agreement to the

extent that Lesaka and Lesaka SA fail to do so and do not remedy such failure within two business days of notice of such failure.

Disgorgement proceeds from VCP in fiscal 2021

In late September 2020, VCP notified the Company that it would make payment to the Company related to the disgorgement of

short-swing profits from the purchase of common stock by VCP pursuant to Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as

amended and the Company’s insider trading policy. The Company recognized these proceeds as a capital contribution from

shareholders and recorded an increase of $0.1 million, net of taxes of $0.02 million, to additional paid-in capital in its consolidated

statement of changes in equity for the year ended June 30, 2021. The gross proceeds of $0.12 million are recorded within cash flows

from financing activities in the Company’s consolidated statement of cash flow for the year ended June 30, 2021.

*****************************:

