Dear stakeholders

On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present our

remuneration report for FY 2023 against the backdrop of

solid business performance, delivered in a challenging

operating environment.

2023 marked a period of uncertainty and disruption, with our

elevated levels of macroeconomic and geopolitical volatility

that had major impacts on our business. Despite these

challenges, we stood strong guided by our Ambition 2025

strategy and unwavering dedication to our core principles.

Leveraging our strengths, adaptability and the collective

efforts of our talented employees, we not only weathered the

storm but stand strong in the demonstrated ability of our

people to thrive in even the most demanding circumstances.

To support the solid underlying commercial performance of

our business, we remained focused on expense efficiencies to

safeguard the profitability and cash generation of the

business. As a result, we are proud to have reported on a

resilient set of financial and non-financial performance,

characterised by the agility and commitment of our people to

delivering long-term sustainable value for all our stakeholders.

Key to our performance is our commitment to our

Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) principles. We

prioritised sustainability, reducing our Scope 1 and 2 emissions

and promoting eco-friendly practices. We are addressing the

gender pay gap and are ensuring that we pay above

government minimum wage standards and are actively

fostering diversity and equity in our business. This was all

performed while maintaining robust governance practices of

transparency, accountability and ethical conduct throughout

our operations. Our focus has also resulted in recognition

from external bodies and the positive sentiments expressed

by our employees indicate that our policies and principles are

having the desired impact on attraction, retention and

employee behaviour alignment.

A detailed breakdown of executive director and prescribed

officer remuneration provides insight into the remuneration

outcomes reflected in this report. We are confident that our

remuneration policy and frameworks align with stakeholder

interests.

Integrated Report 2023

104

How we create value

Governance and remuneration

Strategic and financial review

+

All about MTN:

