Managing director

Olga-Lee Levey (51)

Chief financial officer

Pascal Macheru (49)

Key accounts executive

Alton Calvin (44)

Channel sales executive

Dimitri Tserpes (58)

Chief technology officer

Ernest Walker (59)

Divisional executive – Western Cape

Vishal Chunilal (51)

Divisional executive – KwaZulu-Natal

Charles Carlson (44)

Chief operating officer

Nicole Orr (48)

Marketing executive

Juan Paul Gough (36)

Software, cloud and solutions

executive

Mustek Operations

Overview

Mustek Operations, founded on the Mecer brand, has become

a prominent player in South Africa’s ICT sector with its extensive

and versatile ICT assembly line and top-notch service

department. Leveraging international brands, the company

offers a wide range of ICT solutions to diverse end-users

through its distributed sales network of over 3 600 resellers.

Its business model, driven by agile management and industry

knowledge, fosters strategic partnerships and quick responses to

ICT trends, ensuring revenue growth and reinvestment to support

business operations and strategy. As a result, Mustek Operations

remains a leading force in meeting the dynamic demands of the

ICT market.

Economic performance

Mustek Operations showed a strong trading performance during

the year, with our diversified portfolio of products and services

providing a clear advantage in the marketplace. Revenue

continued to grow, but profitability was negatively impacted

by higher interest rates and a depreciating Rand.

HOW WE SUSTAIN VALUE CREATION

32

Mustek Integrated Annual Report 2023:

managing director: Neels Coetzee

• Rectron CEO: Spencer Chen

• Mecer Inter-Ed managing executive: Gerhard de Beer

Leadership team

Leadership transition and governance update

In the dynamic landscape of the Mustek Group, the past year has

been marked by steadfast leadership and prudent governance.

The Board has a formal and transparent policy regarding the

appointment of directors to the Board. While the appointments

are a matter for the Board, the authority to oversee the

nomination and to carry out the interview process has been

delegated to the Group Remuneration and Nominations

Committee. Apart from a candidate’s experience, knowledge,

skills, availability and likely fit, the committee also considers a

candidate’s integrity, as well as other directorships and

commitments to ensure that the candidate will have sufficient time

to discharge his/her role properly. While our Board of directors

remains unchanged as at financial year-end, we anticipate an

imminent change at the helm. Reverend Mehana, our chairman,

will retire at the upcoming AGM. We express our heartfelt

gratitude for his dedicated service and contributions throughout

his tenure. The process to appoint a new chairman is underway.

In the interim, we are pleased to welcome Isaac Mophatlane to

the Board as a non-executive director post year-end, effective

1 September 2023.

Rotation and re-election of directors

In accordance with the company’s memorandum of incorporation,

a director, having been appointed by the Board since the last

AGM of the company, is obliged to retire and, being eligible, offers

himself/herself for election at the next AGM. Isaac Mophatlane’s

appointment will be confirmed by shareholders at the AGM to

be held on 23 November 2023. In line with the memorandum of

incorporation, one-third of the directors are required to retire, and

if available and eligible, stand for re-election at the company’s

AGM. Those directors who have been in office for the longest,

as calculated from the last re-election or appointment date, are

required to stand for re-election. At the AGM, Hein Engelbrecht

and Pamella Marlowe will retire and be eligible for re-election. The

professional profiles of Isaac Mophatlane, Hein Engelbrecht and

Pamella Marlowe can be found on pages 58 and 59 in the

Integrated Annual Report.

Board demographics as at financial year-end

The Mustek Group is committed to fostering a diverse and

inclusive Board that reflects the broader society it serves.

Our Board demographics, as of the financial year-end, showcase

our efforts towards achieving greater representation and diversity.

In terms of gender, we strive for gender balance and aim to have

at least 50% representation of each gender. While we have not

yet reached our gender diversity target, we remain dedicated to

fostering an inclusive environment that encourages more female

representation at the Board level.

We recognise that continuous improvement is essential, and we

remain committed to enhancing diversity and inclusivity within our

Board and across all levels of the organisation. Through ongoing

efforts, we aim to create a more representative Board that reflects

the dynamic and evolving global landscape.

Target

Actual

Number

Percentage

Race

ACI

>65%

4

57

White

<35%

3

43

Gender

Male

50%

4

57

Female

50%

3

43

Age group

Under 30

N/A

0

0

30 – 50

N/A

3

43

Over 50

N/A

4

57

We recognise that continuous improvement is essential, and we remain committed to enhancing diversity and inclusivity within our Board

and across all levels of the organisation. Through ongoing efforts, we aim to create a more representative Board that reflects the dynamic

and evolving global landscape.

Mustek Integrated Annual Report 2023

57:

Managing director

Qualifications:

BCom (Hons), CA(SA)

Committees:

Group IT Steering Committee

Neels Coetzee holds a BCom (Hons), is a

registered chartered accountant and joined

the Group in 2001 as Group financial

manager after completing his articles

with Deloitte & Touche in 2000. He was

appointed to the Board as financial

director on 29 August 2008. Neels was

appointed as: managing director of Mustek

Operations effective 5 July 2022.

Neels Coetzee (48)

Pamella Marlowe (41)

Independent non-executive director

Qualifications:

CA(SA)

Committees:

Group Audit and Risk Committee (chairman)

Pamella Marlowe is a Founder and Managing Director

of DNM Consulting Proprietary Limited and Pamag

Incorporated. She holds a Bachelor of Accountancy

degree from the University of the Witwatersrand, an

HDipTax qualification from Nelson Mandela Metropolitan

University and is a registered chartered accountant. She is

a registered Tax Practitioner with SARS and a Registered

Auditor with IRBA. She is a member

of the IoDSA and a Certified Director

by the IoDSA. She is a member of

the Finance Committee of St

Peter’s College, a Trustee of the

Enviroserv BBOS Trust, the

managing director) and Group financial director,

both as directors and as executives, in determining

remuneration

• recommends to the Board the remuneration of non-executive

directors for approval by shareholders

• determines the policy and scope of pension arrangements,

employment contracts, termination payments and

compensation commitments and makes recommendations

to the Board on these benefits for executive directors

• reviews market trends and reputable survey results in

determining such packages and arrangements

• regularly reviews the incentive scheme to ensure continued

contribution to shareholder value and that these are

administered in terms of the rules

• assumes responsibility for its composition by setting the

direction and approving the process for it to attain the

appropriate balance of knowledge, skills, experience, diversity

and independence to objectively and effectively discharge its

governance role and responsibilities

• make recommendations to the Board on the appointment

of the Group chief executive officer, new executives and

non-executive directors, including making recommendations

on the composition of the Board generally and the balance

between executive and non-executive directors appointed

to the Board and committees with the majority being

non-executives

• regularly reviews the Board structure, size, composition and

mix of skills and experience and makes recommendations to

the Board with regard to any adjustments that are deemed

necessary

• sets targets for race and gender representation in its

membership for recommendation to the Board

• establishes arrangements for periodic, staggered rotation of

its members so as to invigorate its capabilities by introducing

members with new expertise and perspectives while retaining

valuable knowledge, skills and experience and maintaining

continuity for recommendation to the Board

• prior to appointing a candidate as a director of the company,

reviews his/her current commitments to ensure he/she will have

sufficient time to fulfil the role as director

• ensures succession plans for the Group chief executive officer

and Group financial director as well as senior management

appointments are developed and implemented and confirmed

by the Board.

Group Remuneration and Nominations

Committee report

HOW WE SUSTAIN VALUE CREATION

64

Mustek Integrated Annual Report 2023:

managing director, the Rectron chief

executive officer and the Mecer Inter-Ed managing executive will

be based on the Group’s performance; and 80% will be based on

their individual business’ performance. The Group chief executive

officer and Group financial director’s bonus calculation would be

based on the Group’s performance.

Long-term incentive (LTI)

The LTI plan forms part of the variable compensation and is used

to attract, retain and motivate employees who influence the

long-term sustainability and strategic objectives of the Group.

The purpose is to foster sustainable performance or value

creation over the long term, which is aligned to the Group’s

strategy and enhances stakeholder value. Its main characteristic

is to deliver value over a future vesting period, once performance

criteria are met or exceeded.

The directors may, on an annual basis or from time to time,

grant share appreciation rights (SARs) to employees selected by

the Group Remuneration and Nominations Committee. The

Group Remuneration and Nominations Committee shall determine

the number of SARs. The price at which SARs may be granted

will be the weighted average market price of the ordinary shares

of the company on the JSE, as certified by the Group company

secretary, for the June trading days each year. All SARs granted

will remain in force for a period of six months after vesting. SARs

may only be exercised by an employee or retired employee

subject to the achievement of certain performance hurdles that

may be determined by the directors from time to time.

The price at which SARs may be exercised will be the weighted

average market price of the ordinary shares of the company on

the JSE, for the 30-calendar days immediately preceding that on

which the employee is exercising the option. Upon exercising the

SARs, the employee will be paid an amount determined as the

difference between the exercise price and the grant price

multiplied by the number of SARs, less any tax that may at that

time be applicable to such a cash bonus. The maximum payment

per tranche is capped at 10% of the latest published 12-month

EBITDA. This cap is reviewed annually.

Details of the benefits held by the executive directors under the

existing LTI schemes are detailed in note 30 of the annual financial

statements.

Non-executive directors

It is the Group’s policy to identify, attract and retain non-executive

directors who can add value to the Group. The Board applies

principles of good corporate governance relating to directors’

remuneration and also keeps abreast of changing trends.

Governance of directors’ remuneration is undertaken by the

committee. The committee takes cognisance of market norms

and practices as well as additional responsibilities placed on the

Board members by new legislation and corporate governance

principles. The fees for non-executive directors are recommended

by the committee and will be tabled for approval by the

shareholders at the AGM on 23 November 2023.

Non-executive directors receive a retainer for their main Board

and committee membership and an attendance fee per meeting

attended.

The policy on remuneration for non-executive directors is that

this should:

• be market-related

• benchmarked against the fee survey for “small-cap technology”

issued by PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc. annually.

Mustek Integrated Annual Report 2023

67:

Managing director, and Group financial director

and found them to be still appropriate to meet the needs of the company. The notice period for these executive directors is three months.

Mustek Integrated Annual Report 2023

69:

managing director, financial director, partner of the external

auditor and the internal auditor attend meetings by

invitation and attended all meetings held during the

reporting period. The Board is satisfied that the

independence, experience and qualifications of each

member enables them to fulfil the committee’s mandate.

In addition to scheduled meetings, the committee meets at

least once a year with the company’s internal and external

auditors, without management being present.

Four quarterly meetings were held during the reporting

period, as well as a special meeting specifically relating to

the Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) implementation.

Attendance of the meetings has been included in the

integrated annual report.

Name

Position

Qualification

Experience

Meetings attended

Pamella Marlowe

Independent chairman

BAcc, HDip Tax,

CA(SA), RA

Over 15 years’

experience as a

chartered accountant

5/5

Ralph Patmore

Independent member

BCom, MBL, Stanford

Executive Programme

Over 30 years’

experience in

management, strategy,

mergers and acquisitions

and accounting matters

5/5

Thomas

Independent member

CA(SA)

Over 25 years’

experience in financial

and risk management

5/5

The committee, as a whole, has the necessary financial literacy, skills and experience to execute their duties effectively.

2.

Role of the Audit and Risk Committee

The Audit and Risk Committee reviewed its terms of

reference, setting out its duties and responsibilities as

prescribed in the Companies Act, King IV and incorporating

additional duties delegated to it by the Board. Duties

delegated by the Board to the committee included the

following:

• assists the Board in overseeing the quality and integrity

of the Group’s integrated reporting process, including

the financial statements and sustainability reporting, and

announcements in respect of the financial results

• considers sustainability-related impacts, risks and

opportunities

• monitors that an effective control environment in the

Group is maintained

• ensure a combined assurance model is applied to

provide a coordinated approach to all assurance

activities

• provides the financial director, external auditor and the

head of internal audit with unrestricted access to the

committee and its chairman as is required in relation to

any matter falling within the ambit of the committee

• meets with the external auditor, senior managers and

executive directors as the committee may elect

• meets confidentially with the internal and external

auditors without other executive Board members being

present

• reviews and recommends to the Board the interim

financial results and annual financial statements

• oversees the activities of, and ensures coordination

between, the activities of the internal and external

auditors

• forms an integral component of the risk management

process and, as such, has oversight of the risk

management process and reviews the risk management

policy, resultant risk registers and action plans to mitigate

all key risks

• fulfils the duties that are assigned to it by the Companies

Act and as governed by other legislative requirements,

including the statutory Audit Committee functions

required for subsidiary companies

• report to the Board on the committee’s activities and

make recommendations to the Board concerning the

adequacy and effectiveness of the risk policies,

procedures, practices, controls or any other matters

arising from its responsibilities

• receives and deals with any complaints concerning

accounting practices, internal audit or the content and

audit of its financial statements or related matters

Mustek Integrated Annual Report 2023

75:

letter of

their latest inspection performed by IRBA on the firm and

Vanessa de Villiers, including any findings to the firm

and/or individual in line with paragraph 22.15(h) of the

JSE Listings Requirements

• reviewed the audit effectiveness and evaluated the

external auditor’s internal quality control procedures

• obtained an annual confirmation from the auditor that

their independence was not impaired

• maintained a policy setting out the categories of

non-audit services that the external auditor may and

may not provide, split between permitted, permissible

and prohibited services

• approved non-audit services that were conducted by

BDO South Africa Inc

• approved the external audit engagement: letter, the plan

and the budgeted audit fees payable to the external

auditor

• obtained assurances from the external auditor that

adequate accounting records were being maintained by

the company and its subsidiaries

• considered whether any reportable irregularities were

identified and reported by the external auditor in terms

of the Auditing Profession Act, No. 26 of 2005

• considered any reported control weaknesses,

management’s response for their improvement and

assessed their impact on the general control

environment.

3.2

Internal audit

The committee:

• appointed Nexia SAB&T as the Group’s internal auditors

• reviewed and approved the Internal Audit Charter and

risk-based annual audit plan and evaluated the

independence, effectiveness and performance of the

internal audit and compliance with its charter

• noted that the head of internal audit function is not

a member of the Executive Committee, but attends

meetings by invitation from time to time

• considered the reports of the internal auditor on the

Group’s system of internal control including financial

controls, business risk management and maintenance

of effective internal control systems

• received assurance that proper and adequate

accounting records were maintained and that the

systems safeguarded the assets against unauthorised

use or disposal thereof

• reviewed significant issues raised by the internal audit

processes and the adequacy of corrective action in

response to significant internal audit findings.

3.3

Adequacy and functioning of the Group’s internal controls

The committee reviewed the plans and work outputs of the

external and internal auditors and concluded that these

were adequate to address all significant financial risks

facing the business.

As noted above, it also reviewed the reporting around the

adequacy of the internal controls and based on this

concluded that there had been no material breakdowns in

internal control, including financial controls, business risk

management and maintenance of effective material control

systems.

3.4

Financial reporting

The Audit and Risk Committee ensures that the financial

reporting to stakeholders fairly presents the state of affairs

of the Group. This covers the annual financial statements,

integrated annual report, interim and preliminary reporting.

The committee among other matters:

• confirmed the going concern as the basis of preparation

of the interim and annual financial statements

• reviewed compliance with the financial conditions of loan

covenants and determined that the capital of the

company was adequate

• examined and reviewed the interim and annual financial

statements, as well as all financial information disclosed

prior to the submission to the Board for their approval

and then for disclosure to stakeholders

• oversaw that the annual financial statements fairly

present the financial position of the company and of the

Group as at the end of the financial year and the results

of operations and cash flows for the financial year and

considered the basis on which the company and the

Group was determined to be a going concern

• considered the appropriateness of the accounting

policies adopted and changes thereto

• reviewed the external auditor’s audit report and key audit

matters included

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

76

Mustek Integrated Annual Report 2023

letter relating to the annual

financial statements which was signed by management

• considered any problems identified and reviewed any

significant legal and tax matters that could have a

material impact on the financial statements

• considered accounting treatments, significant unusual

transactions, and accounting judgements

• considered the 2022 JSE Report on Proactive

Monitoring, issued 4 November 2022, and has taken

appropriate action to ensure its findings were applied,

where appropriate

3.5

Significant areas of judgement

In arriving at the figures disclosed in the financial

statements there are many areas where judgement is

needed. These are outlined in the critical accounting

estimates and judgements in the accounting policies to the

annual financial statements. The Audit and Risk Committee

has looked at the quantum of the assets and liabilities on

the statements of financial position and other items that

require significant judgement and decided to note the

following:

• Inventory valuation in terms of obsolescence.

The net realisable value of each individual inventory item is

subject to high levels of judgement and estimation

uncertainty.

3.6

Risk management

The committee:

• oversaw the management of risks as per the risk

management register

• received quarterly updates in terms of changes in

risk ratings

• monitored complaints received via the Group’s

whistle-blowing service

• reviewed and recommended to the Board for approval

the Risk Management Policy and Plan as well as the

combined assurance model.

3.7

Information technology

The committee:

• monitored the value delivery on IT and monitored

the return on investments on significant IT projects

• monitored that intellectual property contained in

information systems is protected

• monitored that adequate business arrangements are

in place for disaster recovery

• monitored that all personal information is treated by

the company as an important business asset and is

identified

• reviewed and recommended to the Board for approval

any policies proposed by management and relevant to

the areas of responsibility of the committee.

Implementation of the ERP system

Mustek operations went live with its new ERP system,

Epicor, on 5 December 2022. The committee:

• obtained quarterly updates on the pre-implementation

and post-implementation plan through the IT steering

committee

• obtained a system readiness assessment prior to go-live

from an independent assurance provider

• oversaw that a thorough risk assessment process was

performed on the system

• obtained an assurance review from internal audit on the

design and effectiveness of the internal controls

surrounding the governance in implementing the ERP,

including data migration, post-implementation support

and post go-live change management

• ensured management documented lessons learned to

improve the roll out of the system to Rectron

3.8

Legal and regulatory requirements

To the extent that these may have an impact on the annual

financial statements, the committee:

• reviewed legal matters that could have a material impact

on the Group

• reviewed the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group’s

procedures, including its risk management framework,

to ensure compliance with legal and regulatory

responsibilities

• monitored complaints received via the Group’s

whistle-blowing service

• considered reports provided by management, internal

audit and the external auditors regarding compliance

with legal and regulatory requirements

• ensured that the Group has a complete and current

compliance universe in place.

4.

Expertise and experience of financial director

and the financial function

As required by 3.84(h) of the JSE Limited Listings

Requirements, the committee has satisfied itself that the

Group financial director during the period, Shabana Aboo

Baker Ebrahim, has the appropriate expertise and

experience. In addition, the committee satisfied itself that

the composition, experience and skills set of the finance

function met the Group’s requirements.

The Audit and Risk Committee also considered the

implementation of section 3.84(k) and instructed the

internal auditors to ensure that all the relevant internal

audit controls are in place to sign off as per the statement

of section 3.84(k).

5.

Election of committee at the annual general

meeting

Pursuant to the provisions of section 94(2) of the

Companies Act, which requires that a public company

must elect an audit committee at each annual general

meeting, it is proposed in the notice of annual general

meeting to be held on 23 November 2023 that Pamella

Marlowe, Shelley Thomas and Ralph Patmore be

re-appointed as members of the Audit and Risk Committee

until the next annual general meeting in 2024.

Mustek Integrated Annual Report 2023

77:

Managing Director

Executive

S Aboo Baker Ebrahim

Finance Director

Executive

Appointed 5 July 2022

Changes in responsibilities

Effective 30 June 2022, Hein Engelbrecht was appointed Group Chief Executive Officer after the passing of Mustek’s founder,

David Kan.

Neels Coetzee was appointed as: Managing

letter of credit for Intel International BV, Microsoft Corporation and Vivotek Inc. for US$0.9 million.

• R0.4 million guarantee issued by Standard bank of payment in favour of Growthpoint Properties Limited.

• R5.8 million guarantee of payment issued by Standard Bank in favour of Department of Customs & Excise, South African

Revenue Service.

• R3.7 million guarantee of payment in favour of DG Murray Trust, South Africa. This guarantee expires on 30 April 2025.

Legal disputes Insurance settlement

With reference to the insurance settlement dispute that was disclosed in the previous financial year a settlement was reached with

Mutual & Federal Risk Financing Limited (“M&FRF”) and One Insurance Underwriting Managers (Pty) Ltd (“Onesure”) in respect of legal

action instituted by Mustek Limited, that Mustek Limited would be paid R10 million (VAT inclusive) in settlement of its claim against

such parties. This settlement was paid and accounted for in the current financial period.

The Group becomes involved from time to time in various claims and lawsuits incidental to the ordinary course of business. The

Group is not currently involved in any such claims or lawsuits, which individually or in the aggregate, are expected to have a material

adverse effect on the business or its assets.

Mustek Integrated Annual Report 2023 147:

Managing director

NPAT

Net profit after tax

NLAT

Net loss after tax

NPC

Non-profit company

OTP

One-time PIN

PBT

Profit before tax

PC

Personal computer

POPIA

Protection of Personal Information Act

QSE

Qualifying small enterprise

ROE

Return on equity

ROI

Return on investment

SED

Socio-Economic Development

SENS

Securities Exchange News Service

SETA

Sector Education and Training Authority

SHEQ

Safety, health, environment and quality

SME

Small and medium-sized enterprise

SMME

Small, medium and micro enterprise

STEM

Science, technology, engineering and mathematics

TRIFR

Total recordable injury frequency rate

USD

US Dollar

YOA

Yangtze Optics Africa Cable

YOFC

Yangtze Optical Fibre and Cable Joint Stock Limited Company

ZAR

South African Rand

GLOSSARY

156 Mustek Integrated Annual Report 2023:

