Managing director/Chief executive

officer

BSc Eng (Wits): Managing director responsible for

developing and implementing the

Group’s marketing and sales strategies.

Intimately involved in all operational

aspects of the Group and in sourcing

new products and markets.

Appointed to the Board in 1986. Has

44 years’ experience in manufacturing

and the appliance industry.

G R Hindle (63)

Group financial director

BAcc (Wits) CA(SA)

Financial director joined the Group

in 1992. Responsibilities include

all financial aspects of the business

including information systems,

administrative and treasury functions.

Appointed to the Board in 1993.

Has 38 years’ experience in financial

management and information system

technology in the manufacturing and

electronic environment.

Nu-World Holdings Limited

6

managing director’s review.

SHARE CAPITAL

Authorised share capital

The authorised share capital of the Company comprises 30 000 000 ordinary shares of 1 cent each and 20 000 000 “N”

ordinary shares of 0,1 cent each. There were no changes in the authorised share capital during the year under review.

Issued share capital

During the year the Company bought back 120 924 of its issued share capital.

Unissued share capital

The unissued shares are under the control of the directors.

The Nu-World Share Incentive Trust

The Nu-World Share Incentive Trust (“the trust”) was established in March 1993. In terms of the trust deed, the aggregate number

of ordinary shares in the capital of the Company, which may be made available for purposes of the trust, shall not exceed 10%

of the Company’s issued share capital. The trust requires a minimum of two trustees. The current trustees are Messrs R Kinross,

D Piaray and J M Judin. No trustee is a beneficiary of the trust. There was no repurchase of shares during the period under review.

Refer to note 26 in the attached financial statements for further details.

TRADING STATEMENT

The Company has selected earnings per share and headline earnings per share as the key performance metrics for trading

statement purposes.

DIVIDEND

The Board has resolved to declare a dividend to shareholders of 125,3 cents per share.

DIRECTORS

The composition of the board of directors during the year under review was as follows:

M S Goldberg (executive chairman), J A Goldberg (chief executive officer), G R Hindle, J M Judin, D Piaray, R Kinross and F J

Davidson.

In terms of the Memorandum of Incorporation at least one third of the Directors are required to retire at the forthcoming Annual

General Meeting, but being eligible, offer themselves for re-election.

Nu-World Holdings Limited

38:

managing director.

The amount of the provision is the best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the present obligation

at the reporting date.

Integrated Annual Report 2023

59:

letter of representation, to attend the meeting, in terms of the custody agreement entered

into between such shareholders and their CSDP or broker. Shareholders who have dematerialised their shares through a CSDP

or broker, other than by own name registration who wish to vote by way of proxy, should provide their CSDP or broker with

their voting instructions, in terms of the custody agreement entered into between such shareholders and their CSDP or broker.

These instructions must be provided to their CSDP or broker by the cut-off time or date advised by their CSDP or broker for

instructions of this nature.

Forms of proxy and/or letters of representation may be presented at any time prior to the Annual General Meeting and also at

the Annual General Meeting, but to enable the Company to ensure prior to the Annual General Meeting that a quorum will be

present at the Annual General Meeting, it would be helpful if proxy forms and/or letters of representation could be delivered

to the Company or the Company’s transfer secretaries.

Salient Dates

Issuance of Integrated Annual Report and notice of Annual General Meeting

Wednesday, 29 November 2023

Record date to receive the notice of Annual General Meeting

Friday, 17 November 2023

Last date to trade to be eligible to vote

Tuesday, 23 January 2024

Record date to be eligible to vote

Friday, 26 January 2024

Annual General Meeting

10h00 Wednesday, 7 February 2024

Results of Annual General Meeting published on SENS

Wednesday, 7 February 2024

By order of the Board

B H HAIKNEY

Company Secretary

Sandton

29 November 2023

NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (CONTINUED)

Nu-World Holdings Limited

90:

