Managing Director and was appointed Vice Chairman

of Citigroup 2000 – 08. He was Chairman of Southern

Water Plc 2002 – 04 and Chairman of Gateway to

London, a public private partnership engaged in the

regeneration of East London, 2002 – 08. Anthony was

also a Governor of the Institute of Financial Services;

a Governor of the International Chamber of Commerce

UK and a Director of TheCityUK. As Minister of Trade

and Industry 1995 – 97, Anthony was responsible for

trade policy, promotion and regulation of the insurance

industry. As Economic Secretary and Minister of State

at H.M Treasury 1992 – 95, Anthony was responsible

for supervision of the UK financial and banking system.

Anthony started his career with N.M. Rothschild and

Sons as an asset manager and research analyst.

The Board is

committed

to business

integrity,

transparency

and

sustainability

in all its

activities to

ensure that

all the entities

within Brait

are managed

ethically and

responsibly.

The current

members of

the Board are

as follows:

Michael Paul Dabrowski (46)**

Independent Non-Executive Director

Date appointed: 18 May 2021

Qualifications: BBusSc (Fin) (Hons) (University

of Cape Town), Post Graduate Diploma in

Accounting (University of Cape Town), MBA

(Distinction) (UCT Graduate School of Business),

Chartered Accountant (South Africa), Chartered

Global Management Accountant and an Associate

member of the Chartered Institute of Management

Accountants

Michael is an executive director of Stonehage Fleming

(Mauritius) Limited a position that he has held since

2017. He leads a team responsible for the effective

delivery of fiduciary and corporate services to a diverse

client base. Prior to joining Stonehage Fleming, Michael

was COO of fund manager Afena Capital (12 years)

during which he helped establish that firm and its then

Botswana subsidiary. He started his career at KPMG’s

Johannesburg office where his focus was short-term

insurance, stockbroking and banking. Michael has

experience working in South Africa, Botswana,

the UK and Mauritius and is a non-executive director

of a number of private companies. Michael resides

permanently in Mauritius.

Yoza Jekwa (47)*

Independent Non-Executive Director

Date of appointment: 13 August 2020

Qualifications: MBChB (Medical degree) and

MBA (Finance focus) from the University of the

Witwatersrand

Yoza is the CEO and Co-founder of Thrive Capital

Partners and the former CEO of Mergence Investment

Managers. She has over 19 years investment banking

experience as originator and structurer of acquisition

financing/investments for mid to large cap corporates

in South Africa, Sub Saharan Africa and Europe, as a

dealmaker within RMB and as a Principal in Acquisition

and Leverage Finance at Nedbank. She is also an

independent non-executive director on the board of

Northam Platinum and Thungela Resources. She was

previously an Independent Non-Executive Director and

Chairperson of the investment committee at Ascendis

Health Ltd. Yoza is actively involved in various outreach

and social responsibility programmes.

Governance

10

James Murray Grant (63)†

Independent Non-Executive Director

Date appointed: 13 August 2020

Qualifications: Master of Business Administration

(London Business School),

BSc Honours in Civil & Structural Engineering

(Edinburgh University)

Murray is the CEO of Cregneash Holdings Ltd, London.

He is also a non-executive director of AP Moller Capital

and Time Partners Ltd. Prior to joining Cregneash in

2019, Murray was the: Managing

Managing Director of the South African business.

He also previously held the Company CFO role from 2010 to 2012. He has played a key role in Virgin Active’s

global expansion.

5 out of 6

Board Member #3: Simon Susman

Simon has 50 years experience in the retail industry with over 30 years at Woolworths Holdings, where he is the

Honorary President of Woolworths Holdings Limited. Simon instigated and drove a comprehensive programme

entitled the “Good business journey”. Through this programme, the Company continually strives to do business

in a way that is deeply sustainable both socially and environmentally. Simon was recently appointed Honorary

Professor of Entrepreneurship at Stellenbosch University Business School. He chairs a number of local and

international businesses and NGO’s.

6 out of 6:

Managing Director in the Investment Team for Virgin Management Limited. Caroline joined

Virgin in 2009 and is responsible for investment execution and portfolio management with a focus on health

and wellness, telecoms, and financial services assets. She has served as a director of various Virgin Group

companies, working closely with management teams to support the development and expansion of Virgin’s

interests across the world.

Prior to joining Virgin Group, Caroline previously worked in investment banking at Goldman Sachs and as a

consultant at OC&C Strategy Consultants. Caroline has an MA Mathematics from the University of Cambridge

and an MBA with distinction from The Wharton School.

6 out of 6

Board Member #5: Joe Margison

Joe Margison is a: Managing

Managing Director at The Rohatyn Group and member of the Africa Private Markets

investment team. He is based in Johannesburg, South Africa.

Prior to joining TRG in April 2023, Mr. Hartmann was a Partner in the Ethos Large Equity Fund, which was

acquired by TRG.

Mr Hartmann joined Brait in 2003 where he led multiple investments into companies in the tourism, consumer

and outsourcing industries, before he joined Ethos when they took over the advisory contract in March 2020.

He sits on the boards of Premier Foods, Vertice Medtech Holding and Echotel Group. Prior to joining Brait,

Mr Hartmann spent a few years in Corporate Finance in London with Insinger de Beaufort.

Mr Hartmann is a CA(SA).

6 out of 6

Board Member #10: Peter Hayward-Butt

Prior to joining TRG in April 2023, Mr Hayward-Butt was Partner: Head of Strategic Projects for Ethos Private

Equity and the CEO of Brait and CEO of Ethos Capital, which were acquired by TRG. He was a member of the

Executive Committee and served on all investment committees for Ethos Private Equity. Prior to joining Ethos in

2015, Peter was the Co-head of Investment Banking at Rand Merchant Banking and prior to that, the head of

Mergers and Acquisitions Advisory for ABN AMRO Asia based in Hong Kong. Peter also worked in corporate

finance for ABN AMRO and Baring Brothers in London.

Mr Hayward-Butt holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Agricultural Economics from the University of Natal and

a Master of Science in Development and Agricultural Economics from Oxford University.

5 out of 6

GOVERNANCE DISCLOSURE METRICS CONTINUED

G1 BOARD COMPOSITION CONTINUED

G1.2 Board competence continued:

Managing Director until 2016. Previously Robin held General Management, Multi-Channel,

Finance and Strategy roles with House of Fraser, John Lewis Partnership, Amazon (where he was UK: Managing Director) and Dell. His previous Non-Executive roles include Tesco Mobile, Lazada Group, Wilkinson

and Monica Vinader.

Mike Coupe

Managing Director for Mim. Prior to joining New Look,

Richard worked at PricewaterhouseCoopers in both Audit and Transactions.

Stuart MacKenzie

Non-Executive Director

Stuart was appointed to the Board as Non-Executive Director in March 2020. Stuart is a Partner and

a member of The Rohatyn Group’s (“TRG”) Executive Committee. Prior to joining TRG in April 2023,

Stuart was the Chief Executive Officer for Ethos Private Equity, which was acquired by TRG. Stuart has

been employed by Ethos since 1998 and became the CEO in 2014. Prior to taking on the role of CEO

of the Firm, Stuart was responsible for the origination, execution oversight and realisations of numerous

portfolio companies. Prior to joining Ethos, Stuart spent two years at JP Morgan Chase Bank NA.

Stuart is a Chartered Accountant, CA(SA).

Laurence Raven

Non-Executive Director

Laurence was appointed to the Board as Non-Executive Director in November 2020. Laurence is a: Managing

letter of representation to attend the AGM, or if you do not wish to attend, provide your CSDP with your voting instructions in terms of your

custody agreement entered into with them.

I/We

(full names in block letters)

of

(address)

being a holder/s of

shares in the Company, hereby appoint (see note ii)

1.

or (or failing him/her)

2.

or (or failing him/her)

3. the Chairman of the Company or failing him/her the Chairman of the AGM, as my/our proxy to attend, speak, and on a poll to vote or abstain

from voting on my/our behalf at the AGM which will be held for the purpose of considering and, if deemed fit, passing, with or without

modification, the ordinary or special resolution to be proposed thereat and at any adjournment thereof.

18:

