letter

22

Chief Executive’s report

25

Report from the Chief Financial Officer

30

Divisional reviews

Accountability

38

Board of Directors

40

Group Structure at a glance

41

Corporate governance

49

Risk report

53

Remuneration report

Financial Statements

71

Group and Company

Audited Financial statements

Shareholders

189

Shareholders’ information

191

Notice of Annual General Meeting

Form of Proxy inserted

ibc

Corporate information

04

05

01

02

03

01

About this Report:

letter

22

Chief Executive’s report

25

Report from the Chief Financial Officer

30

Divisional reviews

Capital Appreciation Limited Integrated Report 2023

14:

letter

Dear Capital Appreciation Investors

and Stakeholders

With recent data confirming that consumer confidence in South

Africa is near its worst level since the advent of democracy in 1994

and with negligible, if any, actual growth in GDP, earlier expectations

that conditions are improving for consumer based expenditure are

clearly, no longer valid.

Together with the myriad of challenges we face as a country, it is

imperative that effective leadership is applied to restore consumer

and business confidence and that both policies and behaviours

provide a secure, sustainable and positive basis for investment,

employment and improved economic activity. It is obvious that

leadership needs to be both decisive and bold.

Technology continues to transform the business landscape, creating

new opportunities for innovation and growth, and changing the way

business interacts with its customers, employees, and partners.

Businesses that embrace technology and adapt to these changes

are more likely to thrive in the digital age and this realisation has

fuelled substantial demand from leading organisations for partners

to assist them in achieving a step-change in their digital

transformation. As a premier provider of these products and

services, we are in the fortunate position that the skills, experience

and track record of our people and our businesses are in high

demand, as evident in the top-line growth in the Group and

especially the Software business in recent years.

We are therefore particularly pleased to have concluded post our

financial year-end the acquisition of Dariel, a software and consulting

company, with similar and complementary skills to the Software

division. This will further broaden the Group’s offering to its client

base. This and other exciting initiatives are discussed in more detail

in the Chief Executive’s review.

01 Organisational overview

02 Performance and outlook

03 Accountability

04 Financial statements

05 Shareholders:

letter (continued)

We are privileged to live in a dynamically

changing era where new, easy-to-use and

easy to access, incredibly powerful,

hugely cost effective, Generative AI and

low-cost internet access have become

available.

This has the capacity to fundamentally

change and significantly improve the way

we do things, enhance the performance of

our businesses and, importantly, benefit

the lives of every individual, young and

old, wherever located.

As a result, we at Capital Appreciation,

Government and business must act with

vision, bravery and speed in a spirit of

mutual benefit, cooperation and

partnership to capitalise on the game-

changing benefits, opportunities and

performance rewards these technological

innovations offer. We dare not be

displaced by passive inaction and apathy.

An ethical culture starts at the top

It is the firm belief of the Group and its Board of Directors that a

strong value system and ethical culture, as one of the fundamental

drivers of sustainable value creation for all our stakeholders, needs

to be set, nurtured and monitored by the leadership of the

organisation. For Capital Appreciation to successfully steer its

businesses, the Board and leadership follow a process of diligent

oversight and control, adhere to sustainable business practices,

maintain prudent risk management protocols and implement

effective governance. Governance is an evolving process, and the

Group has continued to establish and mature its governance

practices to meet the regulatory, legal, and governance requirements

of the various jurisdictions within which it operates. This includes

particularly ensuring rapid alignment to our stringent practices from

within our new acquisitions.

We strongly support an open door, easy access approach to

leadership and interpersonal engagement where healthy and robust

dialogue, constructive criticism, mutual respect and considered

decisive action are encouraged and expected.

Persistent progress in our transformation

agenda

Capital Appreciation has a proud transformation heritage and

believes that active transformation ultimately contributes to building

a more prosperous society. The Group strives to make a difference

through commercial transformation initiatives, upskilling and job

creation. The continued efforts to advance transformation have

generated good improvements within the individual businesses’

respective B-BBEE contributor statuses. We are delighted to report

that this has culminated in Synthesis becoming a Level 1 contributor

and all other Group companies Level 2 contributors.

Capital Appreciation believes that enterprise

development is an important pillar of its

transformation endeavours. The Group

supports several commercial transformation

initiatives, which up to now, have included

providing enterprise development funding

and technology development expertise to

GovChat. It is therefore disappointing

to reflect on the fact that Capital

Appreciation had to petition to have

GovChat placed in Business Rescue in

December 2022. While the platform’s

service offering has performed well and

delivered substantial value to Government,

securing formal revenue-generating

contracts with Government and potential

customers has been difficult. This has been

exacerbated by the anti-competitive

behaviour from WhatsApp and Facebook

(Meta), a matter currently being litigated by

the Competition Authorities. As a result,

Capital Appreciation has elected to impair

the loan of R70.8 million to GovChat.

Notwithstanding the current circumstances,

we continue to hold the view that GovChat’s

citizen engagement platform is hugely

beneficial to Governments at large and

equally to every single user of government

services and facilities.

More detail is provided in the report from the

Chief Financial Officer.

Capital Appreciation Limited Integrated Report 2023

20:

letter (continued)

Attracting the right calibre of talent

Capital Appreciation and its subsidiaries are fundamentally in the

business of attracting top-calibre knowledge experts and employing

their ingenuity, expertise and skills to deliver innovative,

differentiated products and services to clients. In contrast to

widespread layoffs of technical staff in some of the major centres in

the world in recent times, South Africa continues to labour under a

notable shortage of these skills. Add to that, announcements by

large corporates in the financial, insurance, telecoms and retail

sectors in South Africa of their intention to appoint meaningful

numbers of data scientists, artificial intelligence specialists, and

cybersecurity experts and it becomes clear why a deliberate

strategy to attract, develop, retain and invest in talented personnel is

so vital.

In addition to market-related remuneration, benefits and the

opportunity to share in the longer-term prosperity of the Group

through share-based incentive models, it is often the qualitative

factors that offer the most differentiation for a prospective

employee. These range from the Group’s established reputation as

a technology leader, to the types of clients and projects that it

attracts and the continuous development of its employees, to the

leadership and graduate development programmes the Group offers.

Capital Appreciation is constantly evaluating its recruitment and

retention tools to ensure their success.

This year, the Group grew its employee base by 23% to 524 staff

members and increased the number of learnerships from 52 to 85,

with the latter providing real and measurable opportunities to young

and marginalised South Africans while ensuring a growing pool of

talent for the Group.

Dividends

Capital Appreciation is proud of its unbroken dividend record for the

past six years. Including the dividends of 8.25 cents per ordinary

share declared for the past financial year, the Group has returned

R431 million, or 34.50 cents per share to shareholders in the form of

dividends. This has been possible due to the Group’s profitable,

asset-light underlying businesses, which have a robust and stable

cash conversion rate - all of which are fundamental elements of

Capital Appreciation’s core investment strategy.

As a growth-oriented organisation, the Group decided from the

outset not to maintain a fixed dividend policy. Instead, the Board

considers both interim and final dividends at the end of each

reporting period, based on earnings and affordability, and after

taking into account resources earmarked or required for further

expansion and/or potential acquisitions.

Prospects

The use of technology in business and everyday life is rising at an

unprecedented rate. Yet, it is evident that the adoption of some of

the foundational features required to fully benefit from the latest

technological advances, such as cloud services and digital payments,

remains in their infancy. This is creating favourable conditions for

continued demand for the Group’s resources, competence and

abilities. As a result, Capital Appreciation is cautiously confident of

ongoing, positive growth in activity, which would signal healthy

prospects moving forward, notwithstanding the very serious

economic and social issues our nation faces. Being in the fortunate

position to be well capitalised with significant cash resources and no

debt, Capital Appreciation continues to be on the lookout for

possible strategic acquisitions that will complement both its core

businesses and expansion ambitions.

Capital Appreciation’s businesses are well led, appropriately

structured and motivated to outperform their targets.

Appreciation

The current financial year heralded the end

of an era for the Capital Appreciation group.

Motty Sacks, a co-founder of the Company

and Non-Executive Chairman of this

Company since its listing in 2015, announced

his retirement from the Board in February

2023. The Board would like to extend its

sincere appreciation to Motty for his years

of excellent leadership and commitment to

the businesses of the Group and wish him

the very best in his retirement. It is my

privilege to guide the Group in the next

phase of its journey.

I want to use this opportunity to express my

sincere appreciation to my fellow Board

members for their invaluable advice and

assistance. My sincere gratitude extends to

the Capital Appreciation leaders,

management teams, and staff for their

enthusiasm, commitment, knowledge, and

diligence. Finally, we would like to express

the Group’s gratitude to our shareholders

and clients for their ongoing support and

interest in the Group.

Capital Appreciation Limited Integrated Report 2023

21:

letter of representation to attend the

annual general meeting in person or by proxy and vote. If

they do not wish to attend in person or by proxy, they must

provide the CSDP or broker with their voting instructions in

terms of their custody agreement entered into between

them and the CSDP or broker. These shareholders must not

use a form of proxy. Unless you advise your CSDP or broker,

in terms of your agreement, by the cut-off time stipulated

therein, that you wish to attend the annual general meeting

or send a proxy to represent you, your CSDP or broker will

assume that you do not wish to attend the annual general

meeting or send a proxy.

Voting

All voting at the annual general meeting will be conducted

by way of polling. On a poll, every shareholder present in

person or by proxy and, if the person is a body corporate, its

representative, will have one vote for every share held or

represented by him/her. If you are in any doubt as to what

action you should take in respect of the resolutions provided

for in this notice, please consult your CSDP, broker, banker,

attorney, accountant or other professional adviser

immediately.

Lodgement of forms of proxy

It is requested that the Company receives completed forms

of proxy by no later than 14:00 (South African time) on

Monday, 4 September 2023 by way of electronic mail to

Computershare, at Proxy@Computershare.co.za. Any forms

of proxy not lodged by this time may be sent to

Computershare immediately prior to the proxy exercising

any rights of the shareholder at the annual general meeting.

Any shareholder who completes and lodges a form of proxy

will nevertheless be entitled to attend, speak and vote at the

annual general meeting should the shareholder decide to do

so, provided that such shareholder has been provided with

access to the Platform by Computershare.

A summary of the shareholders’ rights in respect of proxy

appointments as contained in section 58 of the Companies

Act is set out on the attached proxy form.

Electronic participation

In compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act, the

Company intends to conduct the annual general meeting

entirely by electronic communication through the Platform.

Through the use of the Platform, shareholders will be able to

listen to the proceedings and raise questions should they

wish to do so and exercise their voting rights at the annual

general meeting.

Computershare will only provide access to the Platform to

shareholders who have been verified.

Voting will be possible through the Platform but

shareholders are encouraged to vote by way of proxy forms

which will have been delivered to Computershare, at

Proxy@Computershare.co.za.

The cost of procuring the services of Computershare and

the use of the Platform will be for the account of the

Company. However, the cost of the shareholders’/proxies’

participation at the meeting through the Platform will be at

their own expense. Any such charges will not be for the

account of the company and/or Computershare.

Neither the Company nor Computershare can be held

accountable in the case of loss of network connectivity or

other network failure due to insufficient airtime, internet

connectivity, internet bandwidth and/or power outages

which prevents any shareholder from participating in and/

or voting at the annual general meeting.

By order of the Board

Michael Pimstein

Chairman

Notice of Annual General Meeting

(continued)

Capital Appreciation Limited Integrated Report 2023

198

01 Organisational overview

02 Performance and outlook

03 Accountability

04 Financial statements

05 Shareholders:

letter of

representation to attend the annual general meeting in person or by proxy and vote. If they

do not wish to attend the annual general meeting in person or by proxy, they must provide

their CSDP or broker with their voting instructions in terms of the relevant custody

agreement entered into between them and the CSDP or broker. These ordinary shareholders

must not use this form of proxy.

I/We

of

(address)

being the holder(s) of

Capital Appreciation Limited ordinary shares,

Do hereby appoint (see note 2):

1.

of

failing him/her,

2.

of

failing him/her

3. the Chairman of the annual general meeting, as my/our proxy to act for me/us and on my/

our behalf at the annual general meeting, which will be held for the purpose of considering

and, if deemed fit, passing, with or without modification, the resolutions to be proposed

thereat and at any adjournment thereof; and to vote for and/or against the resolutions and/

or abstain from voting in respect of the Capital Appreciation ordinary shares registered in

my/our name(s), in accordance with the following instructions (see note 3):

Number of ordinary shares

For

Against Abstain

Ordinary resolution number 1: Acceptance of financial statements

Ordinary resolution number 2.1: Retirement, re-election and

confirmation of appointment of MR Pimstein as director

Ordinary resolution number 2.2: Retirement, re-election and

confirmation of appointment of KD Dlamini as director

Ordinary resolution number 2.3: Retirement, re-election and

confirmation of appointment of AC Salomon as director

Ordinary resolution number 3.1: Re-election of VM Sekese as

member and Chairman of the audit and risk and opportunity

committee

Ordinary resolution number 3.2: Re-election of B Bulo as a

member of the audit and risk and opportunity committee

Ordinary resolution number 3.3: Election of KD Dlamini as a

member of the audit and risk and opportunity committee

Ordinary resolution number 4: Reappointment of external

auditors

Ordinary resolution number 5: General authority to issue shares

for cash

Ordinary resolution number 6: Non-binding advisory vote on

remuneration policy

Ordinary resolution number 7: Non-binding advisory vote on

remuneration implementation report

Special resolution number 1: Approval of non-executive directors’

fees

Special resolution number 2: Repurchase of the Company’s

ordinary shares

Special resolution number 3: Financial assistance to subsidiaries

and other related and interrelated entities

Please indicate with an “X” in the space provided above how you wish your votes to be cast.

Signed

on

2023

Signature Assisted by

(where applicable)

Notes

The person whose name stands first on the form of proxy and who is present at the annual general meeting

will be entitled to act as a proxy to the exclusion of those whose names follow thereafter.

Each shareholder is entitled to appoint one or more proxies (who need not be a shareholder of the

Company) to attend, speak and vote in place of that shareholder at the annual general meeting.

Capital Appreciation Limited Integrated Report 2023

199

01 Organisational overview

02 Performance and outlook

03 Accountability

04 Financial statements

05 Shareholders:

