letter from the REMCO chairman, reporting on

factors that influenced the remuneration policy and

forward-looking approaches, and the implementation

of the policy over the past financial year

• Part 2 contains the forward-looking remuneration policy

• Part 3 illustrates the implementation of the remuneration

policy over the past financial year.

Part 1: Background

statement: Letter from the REMCO chairman

On behalf of the REMCO, I am pleased to present Capitec’s

remuneration report for the 2023 financial year, my final

report as chairman of the REMCO. Despite the challenges

presented on both a global and local front, the business

has continued to demonstrate its resilience, with our people

maintaining focus on pursuing our strategic objectives.

Capitec remains focused on developing remuneration

strategies that best serve stakeholder interests through

sustainable growth. Remuneration is based on the

successful implementation of these strategies to ensure

that we only reward actions that advance stakeholder

interests and that pay is appropriately aligned to

performance. We continually monitor developments in

regulation, best practice and related changes in the

market that may have an impact on our approach to

remuneration and regularly take input from stakeholders

into consideration. We have engaged independent external

remuneration consultants to ensure that our remuneration

policy remains fit for purpose in a dynamic and changing

environment and is aligned to the achievement of our

strategies. In particular, we see our remuneration policy

as key to our ability to attract and retain talent in a market

where the battle for talent is fierce.

Shareholder engagement and voting outcomes

Shareholder engagement is a crucial part of our

stakeholder engagement. Therefore, the REMCO charter

specifies that we should adequately disclose information to

stakeholders to facilitate constructive engagement with all

relevant stakeholders, including shareholders.

As part of our ongoing commitment to proactively consult

with our shareholders, we engaged with a number of

our larger institutional investors ahead of our AGM

in May 2022 to discuss the remuneration policy and

implementation report. These reports subsequently

received 79.08% (2021: 79.16%) and 52.54%

(2021: 48.75%) of total votes in favour from shareholders,

respectively, at the AGM. Given the voting outcome on the

implementation report, and in compliance with King IV™

and the JSE Listings Requirements, we extended a further

invitation for engagement to dissenting shareholders to

understand their objections and rationale for their votes.

Although this invitation was unfortunately not taken up,

the REMCO had the opportunity to meet with several of

our larger institutional investors later during the financial

year to continue the discussion on our remuneration policy

and implementation.

We are grateful to our shareholders for the meaningful

discussions and for providing us with their valuable inputs.

We remain committed to consulting our shareholders on

the remuneration policy and implementation report on an

ongoing basis.

Integrated Annual Report 2023 | 105

104 | Capitec Bank Holdings Limited

Corporate governance, environmental and social responsibility

letter, terms, audit plan and

budgeted fees for the 2023 ﬁnancial year

• Approved the nature and extent of non-audit services

that the external auditors may provide and conﬁrmed that

the non-audit services did not compromise the external

auditors’ independence

• Nominated, for election at the annual general meeting

(AGM), PwC and Deloitte as the external audit ﬁrms

• Resolved that it be recommended to shareholders at the

2024 AGM that KPMG Inc. be appointed as joint auditor

in respect of the 2025 ﬁnancial year. The appointment is

subject to the approval of the Prudential Authority (PA).

PwC is required to step down as joint auditor after the

conclusion of the 2024 ﬁnancial year audit in terms of

the mandatory audit ﬁrm rotation rule of the Independent

Regulatory Board for Auditors

• Satisﬁed itself, based on the information and explanations

supplied by management and obtained through

discussions with the independent external auditors and

internal auditors, that the system of internal ﬁnancial

controls of all the companies included in the consolidated

annual ﬁnancial statements is effective and forms a basis

for the preparation of reliable ﬁnancial statements

• Reviewed the accounting policies and the consolidated and

separate annual ﬁnancial statements for the year ended

28 February 2023 and, based on the information provided

to the committee, considers that the group complies, in all

material respects, with the requirements of the Companies

Act, Code of Corporate Practices and Conduct and IFRS

• Undertook the prescribed functions in terms of

section 94(7) of the Companies Act on behalf of the

subsidiary companies of the group

• Approved the key audit matters

• Satisﬁed itself as to the performance and quality of the

external audit after due consideration and with reference to

the audit quality indicators.

The committee performed the following duties assigned by

the board during the year under review:

• Considered the information disclosed in the

integrated annual report and satisﬁed itself that the

information is reliable and consistent with the ﬁnancial

results. The committee, at its meeting held on

14 April 2023, recommended the integrated annual report

for approval by the board of directors

• Satisﬁed itself that the group’s internal audit function

is independent and had the necessary resources and

authority to enable it to discharge its duties

• Approved the internal audit charter and the annual internal

audit plan

• Considered the internal audit reports submitted to the

committee and noted the annual conclusion on the

adequacy and effectiveness of the system of internal

controls, risk management and governance

• Reviewed the reports from the external auditors and

reported on the ﬁndings at board meetings

• Satisﬁed itself, as contemplated in paragraph 3.84(g)(ii) of

the JSE Listings Requirements, that appropriate ﬁnancial

reporting procedures exist and are working, including

consideration of all the entities included in the consolidated

annual ﬁnancial statements

• Met with the external auditors and with the heads of the

internal audit function and compliance function without

management being present

• Satisﬁed itself, in terms of JSE Listings

Requirement 3.84(g)(i), that the group ﬁnancial director has

appropriate expertise and experience.

Jean Pierre Verster

Chairman of the audit committee

18 April 2023

Directors’ report

To the shareholders of Capitec Bank Holdings Limited (Capitec or the group)

The directors present their report to shareholders for the

year ended 28 February 2023.

Nature of the business

Capitec was incorporated in South Africa on

23 November 1999 and registered as a bank controlling

company, as envisaged by the Banks Act on 29 June 2001.

Capitec was listed on the JSE on 18 February 2002.

The company holds 100% of its principal subsidiaries,

Capitec Bank Limited, Capitec Ins Proprietary Limited and

Capitec Bank Insurance Holdings Limited. Capitec Bank

Limited is a leading South African retail and business bank

which focuses on essential banking services and provides

innovative savings, transacting and lending products to

individuals and small- and medium-sized businesses.

The cell captive arrangements, which were transferred

to Capitec Ins Proprietary Limited by Capitec Bank

Limited effective 31 March 2021, enable Capitec Ins

Proprietary Limited to provide long-term insurance

products to Retail bank clients. Capitec Bank Insurance

Holdings Limited holds 100% of Capitec Life Limited.

Capitec Life Limited holds a long-term insurance licence

but did not operate as an insurance company during the

2023 ﬁnancial year.

Review of operations

The operating results and the state of affairs of the

company and the group are fully disclosed in the annual

ﬁnancial statements, and commentary is provided in the

Reports from the Chairman, Chief Executive Ofﬁcer and

the Chief Financial Ofﬁcer, which are included in the

integrated annual report.

Ordinary and preference shares issued

No ordinary shares were issued during the year

(2022: 472 852). The number of shares in issue

per the shareholders’ register amounted to

116 099 843 (2022: 116 099 843). No ordinary

shares were repurchased for cancellation during

the current or prior year. At the reporting date, the

group held 313 979 treasury shares (2022: nil) in

Capitec Bank Holdings Limited.

No preference shares were issued during the year.

A total of 24 851 (2022: 49 555) preference shares

were repurchased.

Dividends to shareholders

The following dividends were declared for the current and

previous years:

Dividends

per share

(cents)

2023

Dividends

per share

(cents)

2022

Ordinary dividend

Interim

1 400

1 200

Final

2 800

2 440

Special dividend

—

1 500

Preference dividend

Interim

343.08

294.05

Final

417.45

296.91

The ﬁnal ordinary dividend for 2023 was approved by the

directors on 17 April 2023.

The directors performed the solvency and liquidity tests

required by the Companies Act.

A special dividend of 1 500 cents per share was declared

on 11 April 2022. The distribution was made from income

reserves and exchange control approval was obtained.

Subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures

Information relating to the company’s ﬁnancial interest in

its subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures is presented

in the notes to the annual ﬁnancial statements.

Notice in terms of section 45(5) of the

Companies Act

Capitec and Capitec Bank Limited are required, as an

essential part of conducting the business of the group,

to provide ﬁnancial assistance to group companies as

part of their day-to-day operations in the form of loan

funding, guarantees or general ﬁnancial assistance as

contemplated in section 45 of the Companies Act. In

accordance with section 45(5) of the Companies Act,

shareholders were given notice in the notice of annual

general meeting dated 25 April 2023 that the board, in line

with existing practice, approved that the company may, in

accordance with and subject to the provisions of section

45 of the Companies Act, and in terms of the special

resolution passed, provide such direct or indirect ﬁnancial

assistance to related and interrelated companies as

described in section 45 of the Companies Act.:

