Managing Director

Baronice Hans

Date of establishment

1982

Contribution to

Group profit after

tax

70%

(2022: 67%)

Number of

permanent

employees

1,505

(2022: 1,539)

Number of ATMs in

Namibia

160

(2022: 150)

Number of

branches in

Namibia

55

(2022: 54)

Banking subsidiaries

Subsidiaries

Associates

BOTSWANA

NAMIBIA

MAURITIUS

Capricorn Investment

Holdings (Botswana) Ltd

SOUTH AFRICA

84.8%

55.5%

29.5%

28%

26%

100%

100%

95.7%

95.7%

100%

100%

100%

100%

Bank Gaborone Ltd

Peo Finance (Pty) Ltd

Bank Windhoek Ltd

Capricorn Asset

Management (Pty) Ltd

Capricorn Unit Trust

Management Company Ltd

Entrepo Holdings

(Pty) Ltd

Namib Bou (Pty) Ltd

Capricorn Capital

(Pty) Ltd

Santam Namibia Ltd

Sanlam Namibia

Holdings (Pty) Ltd

Capricorn Investment

Group (Pty) Ltd

Paratus Group

Holdings Ltd:

Managing Director

Olebile Makhupe

Date of establishment

2006

Head office

Windhoek, Namibia: Managing

managing director designate. She worked closely with

Sybrand Coetzee, the outgoing: managing director, and took over

the reins as managing director on 1 July 2023. Olebile is an

experienced executive with over 22 years in the corporate world,

primarily in financial services. She has a proven track record in

driving business growth and leading multidisciplinary teams.

She is recognised as a Young Global Leader by the World

Economic Forum. The board is confident that Olebile will add

tremendous value and build on the strong foundation that

Sybrand and his predecessors established.

Managing director of Bank Gaborone up to 30 June 2023

As I bid farewell to my role as the: managing director of Bank Gaborone, I reflect on the milestones achieved since I joined the bank in

2008. Throughout this journey, our commitment to employees has been the driving force behind our success. I am proud of the

following accomplishments:

Building an inclusive and equitable culture: We created an environment where employees feel valued, respected and empowered

to bring their best selves to work. Our dedication to diversity and inclusion is reflected by the fact that over 70% of employees are

women, and of this, 50% hold leadership positions. We are proud to appoint the first Motswana and female board chairperson and

the first Motswana and female managing director. Through these key appointments, we inspire future generations to dream big and

achieve greatness.

Empowering professional growth: We have invested in developing our people, recognising that their growth is intertwined with the

growth of our organisation. Through comprehensive training programmes, mentorship initiatives and leadership development

opportunities, we have equipped our employees with the skills to succeed.

Financial sustainability: Through our strategic initiatives, we have transformed the bank’s financial performance and ensured its

long-term viability and growth. Over the years, we improved profitability, with the bank’s profit after tax reaching BWP79.8 million.

This financial strength has secured our position in the market and enabled us to deliver sustainable value to our stakeholders.

Access to convenient banking services: Our commitment to enhancing the customer experience has driven us to embrace

technology advancements to make banking more accessible. From introducing the first Card-2-Card instant payment service in

Botswana to the roll-out of enhanced internet and mobile banking platforms, we have redefined convenience and transformed how

our customers engage with us.

Lending for wealth creation: We contribute to economic growth and wealth creation through lending to businesses and individuals.

We are active across various sectors, including agriculture, manufacturing, infrastructure and housing. By providing capital and

financial expertise, we empower entrepreneurs to realise their aspirations, generate employment and contribute to Botswana’s

development.

Giving back to the community: We have created initiatives that align with our CSR policy, including the Diabetes Apple Project.

This project has raised BWP500,000 and conducted over 5,000 diabetes tests nationwide since 2015. We have contributed to

raising awareness of breast cancer and supporting those affected by Down Syndrome. In 2023, we signed a first-of-its-kind

partnership with the Gaborone United Sporting Club for BWP3 million and launched the Gaborone United Supporters

Membership Scheme.

I have the utmost confidence that the future of Bank Gaborone is secure under the capable leadership of Olebile Makhupe.

Her commitment to delivering exceptional customer experiences and her visionary approach will propel the bank to new

heights of success.

Managing director

MSMSE

Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises

NAMFISA

Namibia Financial Institutions Supervisory Authority

Nasdaq

National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotations

NED

Non-executive director

NGO

Non-governmental organisation

Nomco

Group board nominations committee

NPL

Non-performing loan

NSX

The Namibian Stock Exchange

POS

Point-of-sale

Remco

Group board remuneration committee

ROE

Return on equity

SAR

Share appreciation right

SDGs

United Nations Sustainable Development Goals

SME

Small and medium-sized enterprise

STI

Short-term incentive

TCFD

Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures

TGP

Total Guaranteed Pay

UNGC

United Nations Global Compact

Appendices

# 17033:

