Managing Director’s Report

Governance report

12

Corporate Governance

35

Board Report on the Effectiveness of Internal Controls

36

Internal Financial Controls sign-off by the: Managing

Managing Director’s Report continued

Due to high client affinity with certain funeral parlours, and

corresponding lower withdrawal experience on this business,

a portion of future funeral parlour profits has been recognised

as a result of not eliminating negative reserves on this class

of business. This resulted in an increase in profit after tax of

R213.6 million (and a corresponding reduction in Value of

In-force (“VIF”) and a negligible impact on the Embedded

Value (“EV”)).

The above translates into headline earnings for the Group

increasing by 15% to R487.7 million (2022 restated:

R425.7 million) resulting in a return on average shareholders’

interests of 43% (2022 restated: 40%). Diluted headline

earnings per share of 145.32 cents (2022 restated: 126.8

cents) were 15% higher than last year.

The Group EV at 30 June 2023 increased by 1% from last

year and was R5.9 billion (30 June 2022: R5.8 billion), after

the payment of the annual dividend of R402.4 million in

September 2022, despite the Risk Discount Rate (“RDR”)

of 14.1% p.a. having increased from 13.8% p.a. at 30 June

2022. Recurring Embedded Value Earnings (“REVE”) of

R663.1 million were negatively impacted by withdrawal

losses of R245.4 million, resulting in a reduction of 9% in

comparison to the prior year result of R724.9 million.

The Value of New Business (“VNB”) for the year of

R244.9 million (RDR of 14.1% p.a.) (2022: R290.6 million

(RDR of 13.8% p.a.)) decreased by 16% over last year. In

order to be in line with the rest of the industry, reinstatements

have been removed from new business and reinstatements

are treated as a “negative withdrawal” decrement when

calculating the EV and VNB.

As a result, the value of reinstatements is no longer included

in the VNB but the impact of reinstatements is included as

a negative decrement in the VNB and VIF calculations. This

methodology change also affected the withdrawal and

expense assumptions for the in-force and new business

calculations. Furthermore, a change was made (by one of

the Reinsurers) to the shape of the reinsurance rates curve.

These once-off changes had a negative EV impact of

R158.3 million and a negative impact on VNB.

The EV and VNB sensitivities are illustrated in the Group EV

results on page 65.

The Present Value of New Business premiums increased

due to large volumes of Single Premium investment

business written. The relatively low profit margin on this

block of business has resulted in a marked decrease (to

4.8%) in the overall New Business profit margin.

Other than profit recognition on some of the funeral parlour

business mentioned above, the Group follows a conservative

accounting practice of eliminating negative reserves. As

acquisition costs are expensed upfront, the recovery of

these costs and the profits are deferred over the policy life.

The present value of this discretionary margin amounts to

R2.1 billion (2022: R2.5 billion).

NON-FINANCIAL

Vision and brand purpose

The foundation to all that we do remains Treating our

Clients Well and Treating our Employees Well and we will

continue to do this embracing our brand values of Customer

Excellence, Respect, Integrity, Passion and Teamwork.

Being at the forefront of the industry, and adjusting our

offering to include new and innovative products in the

Rewards space has contributed significantly to reinforcing a

positive brand perception with clients and the public at

large. In particular, our stand alone rewards product

(Clientèle Perks) which was launched in the last 18 months

is opening up new markets for Clientèle.

A lot of reflection on the perception and needs of current,

past and potential clients gathered by our Client Insights

team has equipped us to do better and enhance the brand

experience at key client touchpoints.

As a Group we are proud to Treat Employees Well in all

circumstances. Our employees enjoy Clientèle Perks at no

cost to themselves, creating a ‘buyers-are-believers’ culture

and contributing to our employees’ wellbeing. Through

various employee forums we continue to interact with our

employees and give them a voice as we seek to ensure that

we are indeed treating them well and with compassion.

Our interaction with most other stakeholders during the

year has been positive and we continue to have a

constructive relationship with key stakeholders to the

business.

We are passionate about our brand purpose, to “safeguard

your [our clients and employees] world with compassion”.

Clientèle and the brand have remained strong, visible and

dependable in an economy which has seen many brand

casualties of late and our intention remains to grow the

brand for many years to come.

GOVERNANCE AND KING IV

During the 2023 reporting period, the Group continued to

practice corporate governance at a high level, aimed at

adding value to the business as well as facilitating the

Group’s sustainability, generating long-term stakeholder

value and benefiting other stakeholders.

Management has adopted sound corporate governance

principles and appropriate governance structures and

policies, and believes it has embedded a business-wide

culture of good governance that is aligned to and embodies

the Group’s vision and values.

The Group’s approach to corporate governance is to

ensure it contributes to improved operational decision-

making and corporate performance, thereby reducing the

business risks. The Group’s aim therefore is for the relevant

governance policies, structures and processes, which

initially may have been brought into existence to ensure

compliance with applicable regulations and codes of

conduct, to add value and ensure corporate sustainability.

8

Clientèle Limited Integrated Annual Report 2023:

Managing Director’s Report continued

During the 2023 financial year the Group has, in all material

respects, voluntarily applied King IV principles and complied

with the mandatory corporate governance provisions

contained in the JSE Listings Requirements. A narrative of

how the Group has applied the King IV principles and

complied with the JSE Listings Requirements is set out in

the Corporate Governance section of this Integrated Annual

Report.

RISK MANAGEMENT

The Board continues to acknowledge and monitor its

responsibilities with regard to the management of risk in

terms of King IV. The Group Risk Committee is an

established Board Committee with a Terms of Reference

approved by the Board.

The strategy for managing risk is aligned to the principles of

the Insurance Act and related prudential standards.

Business objectives, based on a three-year time horizon,

are set by the various entities and divisions within the

Group. Action plans to achieve these business objectives

are then identified so as to support the longer term strategy.

Risk events that could threaten the achievement of the

business objectives are identified and rated against an

impact and likelihood scale, which differs between entities

and divisions given their individual materiality level.

Potential risk events are monitored and managed so as to

minimise any negative impact on the Group. All risk events

are measured against a pre-defined overall risk appetite.

The current Group risk appetite comprises three metrics,

namely, financial soundness (prudential minimum plus a

buffer), free cash flow and REVE.

Specific key risks are also measured individually against

pre-defined risk tolerance levels.

The risk management process contributes towards the

early identification and on-going management of systemic

and organisational exposure, in parallel with all Board and

Non-Board Committees, which all contribute to a combined

assurance model.

B-BBEE

We remain committed to fostering an environment that

promotes the spirit of inclusivity and sustainable participation

in the economy for all South Africans, building a workforce

that is representative of our country at all levels of the

organisation.

We continue to provide employment opportunities for

unemployed youth through collaborative partnerships with

the Insurance SETA and build competencies and growth

opportunities through our skills development programmes

such as learnerships, staff bursaries and management

courses for our employees.

In the last quarter of the financial year we commenced

participation in the Youth Employment Services (“YES”)

programme, a public-private collaboration programme aimed

at providing employment opportunities to unemployed youth.

By year end we had employed over one hundred unemployed

youth.

The investment in, and support of our IFA network has

played an important role in sustaining small black enterprises

in an economic environment that remains challenging. In

addition, we are cognisant of the importance of partnering

with procurement suppliers that share our values of

empowerment and transformation.

Our Funeral Guide, which aims to provide valuable financial

and planning information to consumers during tough times,

is part of our socio-economic offering of “safeguarding their

world, with compassion”.

The Group is continuously looking to improve its B-BBEE

contribution status and remains committed to increasing

the B-BBEE shareholding in Clientèle over time. The

majority of our B-BBEE shares are held directly and

indirectly by Yellowwoods Trust Investments (Proprietary)

Limited (“YTI”), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Hollard

Foundation Trust, a Broad-Based Black Economic

Empowerment Trust. YTI’s total shareholding, including

the indirect holdings amounts to approximately 11.34%.

Clientèle has continued to provide financial assistance

resulting in a net exposure, via guarantees, of R200 million

for the purchase of approximately 9% of Clientèle’s issued

ordinary shares by YTI.

In addition to the provision of the guarantee, as part of YTI’s

funding arrangement to purchase the equity stake in

Clientèle, the Clientèle Group acquired preference shares in

YTI to the value of R50 million.

SHARED VALUE

The Group subscribes to the principle of Shared Value. In

short this involves the Group sharing the value we create with

the communities that support us as well as the broader

South African society as well as employees and Shareholders.

Shared value, in the Clientèle context, takes many forms,

including:

• Providing loyalty benefits to our loyal clients (e.g. our

December is on Us initiative, where we are excited to be

paying December premiums on behalf of loyal clients

who have met certain criteria. This should alleviate some

of the festive period financial strain)

• Giving back to loyal clients through our other loyalty

initiatives which we anticipate bundling into a fully-

fledged loyalty program in the new financial year;

• Environmental initiatives (e.g. the installation of solar

panels at our office park);

• Taking part in youth employment initiatives such as the

YES program;

• Consumer education;

• Providing a regular income to thousands of South

Africans via employment opportunities, field agents,

broker intermediary agents, and many more;

• Investing in South Africa (e.g. Government Bonds); and,

• Various CSI initiatives (some of which are detailed

below).

Governance

report

Financial

statements

Our

business

9

Clientèle Limited Integrated Annual Report 2023:

Managing Director’s Report continued

CORPORATE SOCIAL INVESTMENTS

The Clientèle Corporate Social Investment portfolio is

committed to playing an active role in providing sustainable

relief to our communities in South Africa.

For the 2023 year, our CSI initiatives focused on the following

pillars:

1. Education

Now in its 14th year, the Clientèle bursary scheme has

supported the children of our staff and IFA’s with

bursaries to enable them to complete tertiary studies.

To date, this bursary scheme has sponsored around

150 graduates covering a wide range of disciplines

including medicine, accounting science, law and admin

management. The bursaries cover all costs relating to

the beneficiaries’ studies including tuition, books, meals

and accommodation.

In addition to the financial support, we provide mentorship

engagements for the students, with Clientèle’s senior

management, focusing on their overall well-being.

Mentorship support includes academic guidance as well

as emotional support.

2. Community Support and Donations

We recognise the socio-economic challenges that

many consumers in South Africa face. We have

maintained our support for childhood development and

vulnerable youth care by sponsoring the following

beneficiaries:

• Sithabile Child and Youth Centre in Benoni; and,

• Ditau Primary School in Soweto.

3. Employee Giving and Volunteering

Through the employee giving campaign Clientèle

employees have been able to donate funds and give

their time to those who are underprivileged.

The employees donated funds to the following worthy

causes:

• Winter necessities which included blankets, winter

clothes, non-perishables and books were donated

to Leratong Place of Love Crisis Centre and Okwethu

Multipurpose Centre.

• The donation of over 800 sanitary packs to assist in

alleviating female hygiene challenges for school

going girls in Johannesburg.

4. Consumer Education

In line with the Group’s purpose of safeguarding your

world with compassion, the consumer education

initiative expanded its reach in 2023. In partnership with

Avo Vision (Financial Literacy Partner) 2 314 participants

across nine provinces received training on financial

literacy topics such as:

• Budgeting;

• Understanding credit; and,

• Planning a funeral using the Clientèle Funeral guide.

The demographic reach of the project was as follows:

• 61% of the participants were from rural areas;

• 99% of the participants were Black South Africans

• (inclusive of Africans, Asians, Coloureds, and Indians);

• 60% of the participants were young, black females;

• 98% of the participants fall within the Living Standard;

• Measure: 1-8 (earning R250 000 or less per annum)

with others preferring not to disclose their income

bracket, most likely due to having no regular income.

The Clientèle Funeral Guide will continue to be our

response to educating and supporting our communities

in their time of need.

BUSINESS SEGMENTS

Long-term Insurance

Clientèle Life’s Long-term insurance segment remains the

major contributor to the Group’s performance and aided by

the good quality funeral parlour intermediated business

recorded a 33% increase in net profit for the year to

R413.7 million (2022: restated R310.9 million) despite the

impact of the challenging operating environment and policy

withdrawals, as previously referred to.

Clientèle Life’s total VNB for the year of R157.5 million

(2022: R233.2 million) has reduced by 32%. Clientèle Life

recorded REVE of R466.9 million (2022: R531.7 million), a

decrease of 12%. The Recurring Return on EV was 11.7%

p.a. (2022: 13.2% p.a.).

Short-term Insurance

Clientèle Legal’s net profit for the year of R85.4 million

(2022: R94.9 million) decreased by 10% on last year,

impacted by the challenging operating environment and

policy withdrawals. Clientèle Legal’s VNB was R67.9 million

(2022: R49.5 million) and it recorded REVE of R171.0 million

(2022: R182.2 million) and a Recurring Return on EV of

13.0% (2022: 13.9%). Management is focusing on returning

the business to its growth path through increasing quality

production.

10

Clientèle Limited Integrated Annual Report 2023:

Managing Director’s Report continued

CBC Rewards, Clientèle Mobile and Direct

Rewards

CBC Rewards, Clientèle Mobile and Direct Rewards’

combined net loss for the year was R4.1 million (2022:

R2.0 million net profit) on the back of large volumes of new

business and associated acquisition costs. The segment

produced VNB of R19.5 million (2022: R7.9 million). Direct

Rewards is accounted for as a subsidiary effective from

1 July 2022.

DIVIDENDS

The Board has declared a dividend per ordinary share of

125 cents, an increase of 4.2% over last year’s dividend per

ordinary share of 120 cents.

OUTLOOK

In this challenging environment, the Group remains focused

on Treating its Clients Well (“TCW”) and providing products

and services that meet their needs and will continue to

improve on the delivery of them to the market conveniently

and efficiently.

Management continues to be agile and responsive to

challenges that arise and to take advantage of the

opportunities that present themselves.

Investment of time and effort in the Clientèle Rewards,

Clientèle App and Clientèle Mobile initiatives aligns with the

Group’s focus on “shared value”.

With the ongoing challenges within the premium collections

environment, management continue to implement initiatives

to mitigate the impacts of high withdrawals. There are

encouraging signs of better stability in the collections

environment.

The Group will, as usual, continue to focus on increasing

production of quality business across all of its distribution

channels.

A tight control environment will continue to be maintained

and improved upon, whilst every effort will be made to

maintain and improve business efficiencies.

We remain optimistic that there are opportunities for growth

and value creation over time in the Group’s target market.

APPRECIATION AND BOARD

COMPOSITION

The South African economic environment is incredibly

tough at the moment and I am proud of how the team has

responded to the external challenges in order to ensure that

Clientèle continues to make steady progress.

Load shedding, a struggling economy and significant

challenges within the collections environment have placed

significant stress on the business. Nonetheless, the

management team has responded to all of these challenges

in an exemplary fashion and I applaud them for this.

We have had a number of exits from our board over the

course of the year and I would like to thank each of these

individuals for their participation and the value that they

have added to Clientèle over their tenure. Dumisa

Hlatshwayo resigned from the board in December 2022.

Pheladi Gwangwa resigned from the board just after the

year end in July 2022 having served on the board for almost

15 years. Another long serving Director is Iain Hume who

relocated to Cape Town, as planned, and it is only

appropriate to thank him for over 20 years of hard work as

our Group Financial Director and recognise the significant

contribution that he made to the success of Clientèle.

Michael Cownie worked with Mr. Hume over the last

10 years and, as planned, was appointed to replace

Mr. Hume as Group Financial Director on 1 January 2023.

I wish Mike everything of the best and a long successful

future on the board of Clientèle.

There were no other exits from the Group Excom team;

however, we were pleased to welcome Mr. Donny Habana

as the Group Executive responsible for IT early on in the

financial year. Donny is already adding significant value to

the business and we look forward to him taking our IT

Operations to new heights. Tiffany Boesch was appointed

as Group Chief Operating Officer shortly after the year end

and will also, no doubt, add significant value in the new

financial year.

Finally, Clientèle would have been unable to fulfil its purpose

of safeguarding our clients world with compassion if it is

was not for the support of the Chairman of the Board and

the other non-executive Directors. I would like to extend my

personal thanks to each and every one of them as well as

to our Executive team and the greater management team

as well as every single staff member at Clientèle. During

these difficult economic times, it has been necessary for

everyone to work even harder than usual in order for us to

produce a result which we believe is more than reasonable

given the current economic backdrop.

Our staff team have been supported by IFAs, Brokers,

Agents and other partners. I salute each and every one of

you who has played a part in building Clientèle during

another tough year.

I look forward to working with the Clientèle team into the

future and I am genuinely excited about the opportunities

for Clientèle as I know that a tough environment creates

opportunities for those who are bold enough to venture

forth.

Mr. BW Reekie

22 September 2023

Governance

report

Financial

statements

Our

business

11

Clientèle Limited Integrated Annual Report 2023:

Managing Director is a member of

this Committee.

8

The Board should ensure that its

arrangements for delegation within

its own structures promote

independent judgment, and assist

with balance of power and the

effective discharge of its duties.

The Board currently has various standing Committees that assist

it in discharging its duties and responsibilities. The Committees

include: Group Audit Committee, Group Risk Committee, Group

Investment Committee, Group Remuneration Committee, Group

Nominations Committee, Group Actuarial Committee and Group

Social and Ethics Committee.

These Committees operate in accordance with written Terms of

Reference approved by the Board, which are reviewed at least

annually. The Committees are appropriately constituted and

members are appointed by the Board, with the exception of the

Group Audit Committee, whose members are nominated by the

Board and elected by shareholders of the Group. The Group

Nominations Committee reviews the composition of Board

Committees and makes recommendations to the Board with

regard to their composition, taking into account factors such as

diversity, skills and the need to create a balanced distribution of

power.

External advisors, Executive Directors and members of Excom

and Senior Management attend Committee meetings by invitation.

The Committees play an important role in enhancing the high

standards of governance and achieving increased effectiveness

within the Group.

The Board considers the allocation of roles and associated

responsibilities and the composition of membership across

Committees holistically.

A delegation by the Board of its responsibilities to a Committee

will not, by or of itself, constitute a discharge of the Board’s

accountability.

The Board applies its collective mind to the information, opinions,

recommendations, reports and statements presented by the

Chairperson of a Committee in formal report backs at Board

meetings.:

Managing Director is formalised and his performance evaluated

against specified criteria. The Board has established Committees

to which certain responsibilities and authorities are delegated.

11

The Board should govern risk in a way

that supports the organisation in

setting and achieving strategic

objectives.

The Board understands and takes accountability for all risks that

potentially affect the achievement of its strategic objectives and

has delegated the responsibility for overseeing the adequacy and

effectiveness of the risk management process to the Group Audit

and Group Risk Committees.

The Group Audit and Group Risk Committees delegate to

management the responsibility to continuously identify, assess,

mitigate and manage risks within the existing operating

environment. Mitigating controls are in place to address these

risks, which are monitored on a continuous basis.

Three Independent Non-executive Directors are members of both

the Group Audit and Group Risk Committees, thus ensuring that

there is co-ordination in respect of the evaluation and reporting of

risks.

12

The Board should govern technology

and information in a way that supports

the organisation in setting and

achieving its strategic objectives.

Excom has established a Group IT Steering Committee to assist in

its IT Governance responsibilities. The IT governance framework

and IT Policy framework support effective and efficient management

and decision-making around the utilisation of IT resources to

facilitate the achievement of the Group’s objectives and the

management of IT-related risk. The Group IT Steering Committee

has a Terms of Reference, policies, decision-making structures, an

accountability framework, IT reporting and an IT risk and controls

framework, to guide their activities.:

letter is sent to every insurance policyholder who takes up a policy;

• Rewards and Mobile clients receive a welcome SMS and/or e-mail containing a link to their relevant

terms and conditions;

• A well-established and well-trained call centre deals with client queries;

• Clients are also able to access important information and update certain details via the self-service

portal and the Clientèle App;

• SMS, e-mail and in-App communication is widely used to keep clients up to date on their particular

interactions with the Group;

• Walk-in centres assist clients who prefer face-to-face contact in dealing with their queries. Funeral

Parlour intermediated clients are also able to visit the relevant Funeral Parlour branches, to attend to

their queries; and,

• Agency kiosks are located in various shopping centres across South Africa where a prospective client

can take out a policy or contract.

The Group subscribes to the principles of TCF to ensure that:

• Clients can be confident that they are dealing with a Group where the fair treatment of clients is central

to the corporate culture;

• Products marketed and sold are designed to meet the needs of identified consumer groups and are

targeted accordingly;

• Products are easy to understand. The wording of policies and contracts are continuously reviewed to

ensure the wording is simple, clear and easy to follow;

• There is a focus on client-centricity to ensure that clients get the after-sales service that they expect;

• The Group always deals with clients with compassion; and,

• There is a continuous focus on the claims process and complaints management to ensure that clients

receive empathetic professional and timely claims service.

The TCW initiative, which goes beyond TCF, combined with the Group’s values, are integral in achieving

the Clientèle purpose of “Safeguarding your world... with compassion.”

Also refer to the Group Social and Ethics Report on pages 53 to 57.:

Managing Director on an annual basis.

The Board is mandated to discharge its duties by ensuring that they have fulfilled their responsibilities as set out above.

2.6 Independence of the Board

By adhering to a number of key principles, the Board’s independence from Excom is ensured:

• At 30 June 2023 the Board had twelve Directors (including one Alternate Director), eight of whom are Non-

executive Directors of which five are Independent Non-executive Directors. Included in the twelve Directors is

Mr. Chadwick, the Alternate Director to Dr. Enthoven;

• The Board has considered the independence of the Non-executive Directors and has held discussions with

them and is of the opinion that they are Independent in their actions, judgment and conduct: They have also

been found Independent in fact and in perception by the Board;

• Clientèle has an Independent Non-executive Chairman;

• The roles of Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director and Group Company Secretary, the Board meeting

schedule and agenda to take full account of the important issues facing the Group and the concerns of all

Directors, and ensures that adequate time is available for thorough discussion of critical and strategic issues;

• Ensures that the Board is properly briefed on issues arising at Board meetings and receives, in a timely manner,

adequate information which must be accurate, clear, complete and reliable, to fulfil its duties, such as reports

on the Group’s performance, the issues, challenges and opportunities facing the Group, and matters reserved

for it to make decisions on;

• Ensures that there is effective communication with shareholders and other stakeholders, and that each Director

develops and maintains an understanding of the stakeholders’ views; and,

• Establishes good corporate governance practices and procedures and promotes the highest standards of

integrity and corporate governance throughout the Group and particularly at Board level.

Mr. Routledge is a member of the Group Audit Committee and is also a member of the Group Risk, Group

Investment, Group Remuneration and Group Nominations Committees. The Board is of the opinion that Mr.

Routledge’s contribution to the Group Audit Committee is invaluable to the Group.

Mr. Routledge was appointed as Chairman of the Board of Clientèle on 31 January 2008. Mr. Routledge’s notice

period is six months.

Mr. Routledge is allowed to hold outside professional positions and commitments and discloses these positions to

the Group Nominations Committee on an annual basis and whenever there have been significant changes in outside

appointments and commitments.

The Board is of the opinion that there is no need for a Lead Independent Director due to the size of the Company

and the Group, as well as the size and structure of the Board Committees.:

Managing Director

Mr. Basil William Reekie is the: Managing Director of Clientèle. Mr. Reekie’s notice period is six months.

Mr. Reekie is a Fellow of the Actuarial Society of South Africa and has no other professional commitments.

A succession plan is in place for the position of Group Managing Director.

2.10 Executive Directors

There were no payments made relating to sign-on or termination of employment to any Executive Directors.

2.11 Group Company Secretary

Mr. Eben Johan Smit was appointed as Group Company Secretary in November 2022 and is a qualified and

admitted attorney. The Group Company Secretary provides support and guidance to the Board on matters relating

to governance across the Group. He assists the Board as a whole, and Directors individually, with detailed

guidance as to how their responsibilities should be properly discharged in the best interests of the Group. He

facilitates, where necessary, induction and training for Directors and assists the Managing Director in determining

the annual meeting timetable.

The Board, on an annual basis, assesses the competence, qualifications and experience of the Group Company

Secretary, as required in terms of the Listings Requirements and has agreed that he is sufficiently qualified,

competent and experienced to hold his position as Group Company Secretary.

The Group Company Secretary is not a Director and the Board is therefore satisfied that the Group Company

Secretary maintains an arm’s length relationship with the Board and individual Directors in terms of the Listings

Requirements.

The Group Company Secretary is also the secretary to the majority of the Board Committees.

2.12 Changes to the Board

The following changes were effected by the Board in 2023:

• Mr. IB Hume retired as Executive Director in December 2022;

• Mr. LED Hlatshwayo resigned as Independent Non-executive Director in December 2022;

• Mr. MG Cownie was appointed as Executive Director in January 2023; and,

• Mr. HP Mayers was appointed as Independent Non-executive Director in May 2023.

Furthermore, Mrs. W van Zyl resigned as Group Company Secretary in October 2022 and Mr. EJ Smit was

appointed as Group Company Secretary in November 2022.

2.13 Directors’ Interests

The shareholding of Directors appear on page 52 in the Group Remuneration Report.

2.14 Share Dealing by Directors and Senior Personnel

Clientèle has implemented a code relating to share dealing by Directors and all personnel who, by virtue of the key

positions they hold, have comprehensive knowledge of the Group’s affairs. The code imposes closed periods to

prohibit dealing in Clientèle securities before the announcement of mid-year and year-end financial results or in any

other period considered price sensitive, in compliance with the requirements of the Financial Markets Act, 2012,

and the Listings Requirements in respect of dealings by Directors. The Group Company Secretary undertakes the

administration required to ensure compliance with this code under the direction of the

Managing Director attends all meetings

by invitation

• Refer to pages 72 to 74 for members’

qualifications and experience

• The composition and responsibilities of this

Committee are aligned to the Prudential Standard

GOI 2 – Governance of Insurers

Assessment:

• At least every second year

• Satisfactory rating in November 2022

Conclusion:

Satisfied that the Committee has fulfilled its

responsibilities in accordance with the Terms of

Reference for the reporting period.

2023 KEY FOCUS AREAS

• The Group Remuneration Committee assists the Board in ensuring that:

–

The Group remunerates Directors and Executives fairly and responsibly;

–

The levels of increases given to staff and management are appropriately reviewed; and,

–

The disclosure of remuneration is accurate, complete and transparent.

• Overseeing the remuneration policy and ensuring that it promotes the achievement of strategic objectives

and Group targets;

• Reviewing the outcomes of implementation of the remuneration policy in terms of achievement of set

objectives;

• Benchmarking Executive remuneration;

• Ensuring the mix of fixed and variable pay meets the Group’s strategic objectives and needs;

• Satisfying itself as to the accuracy of performance measures that govern vesting and payment of

incentives and bonuses;

• Ensuring that all benefits are justified and correctly valued;

• Considering and evaluating the performance of the Group: Managing

Managing Director and senior management

are developed and implemented;

• Recommending to the Board the continuation (or not) in service of any Director who has reached the age

of 75;

• Considering, annually, the eligibility for re-election of those Directors who retire by rotation and

recommend or advise otherwise such retiring Directors’ re-appointments by shareholders at the AGM

taking into account the results of their performance evaluation;

• Considering, annually, as part of the Board evaluation process, the independence of the Non-executive

Directors. A separate annual review is required for Independent Directors serving for longer than nine

years, to ensure:

–

the member exercises objective judgment; and,

–

there is no interest, position, association or relationship which, when judged from the perspective of

a reasonable and informed third party, is likely to influence unduly or cause bias in decision-making.

• Overseeing the formal induction programme for new Directors including the development and

implementation of continuing professional development programmes for Directors and mentorship of

Directors where required;

• Ensuring that Directors receive regular briefings on changes in risks, laws and the environment in which

the Company operates;

• Co-ordinating the annual performance evaluation of the Board and Committees, independence

assessment of Directors, peer reviews and assessment of the qualifications and competence of the

Group Company Secretary;

• Ensuring the implementation of action plans emanating from the annual evaluations where required;

• Considering and recommending to the Board, for approval, policies relating to the Committee’s mandate

as set out in the Terms of Reference;

• Agreeing with the Group: Managing Director (who is a member of this Committee) whether any additional

professional positions may be taken up by the Group Managing Director;

• On an annual basis, discussing the need for a Lead Independent Director;

• Ensuring that there are adequate policies and procedures relating to the appointment, dismissal and

succession of senior management and Heads of Control Functions; and,

• Recommending the appointment of the

Managing Director and the Group Financial Director on

attesting to an adequate internal financial control environment in compliance with section 3.84(k) of the Listings

Requirements. Even effective systems of internal, financial and operating controls, no matter how well designed, have

inherent limitations, including the possibility of circumventing or overriding such controls. Such systems can therefore not

be expected to provide absolute assurance. Effective systems of internal, financial and operating controls, therefore, aim

to provide reasonable assurance as to the reliability of financial information and, in particular, of the Annual Financial

Statements.

Moreover, changes in the business and operating environment could have an impact on the effectiveness of such

controls which, accordingly, are reviewed and reassessed regularly.

The Group maintains internal, financial and operating controls that are designed to provide reasonable assurance

regarding:

• The safeguarding of assets against unauthorised use or dispossession;

• Compliance with applicable laws and regulations;

• The maintenance of proper accounting records and the integrity and reliability of financial information; and,

• Detection and minimisation of fraud, potential liability, loss and material misstatements.

GIA assists in providing the Board and Excom with monitoring mechanisms for identifying risks and assessing controls

appropriate to managing such risks.

The Board has not been made aware of any issue that would constitute a material breakdown in the functioning of these

controls up to the date of this report. The Board Report on the Effectiveness of Internal Controls is set out on page 35.

7.

COMPLIANCE

The primary role of the Group Compliance function is to minimise regulatory risk by assisting management to comply with

statutory, regulatory and supervisory requirements. The Compliance function facilitates the monitoring of and the

management of compliance through the analysis of statutory and regulatory requirements and the implementation of the

required systems, processes and procedures.:

Managing Director and Financial Director

Each of the Directors, whose names are stated below, hereby confirm that:

1.

The Group Annual Financial Statements, set out on pages 88 to 177, fairly present in all material respects the financial

position, financial performance and cash flows of the issuer in terms of IFRS;

2.

To the best of our knowledge and belief, no facts have been omitted or untrue statements made that would make the

Group Annual Financial Statements false or misleading;

3.

Internal financial controls have been put in place to ensure that material information relating to the issuer and its consolidated

subsidiaries have been provided to effectively prepare the Group Annual Financial Statements of the issuer;

4.

The internal financial controls are adequate and effective and can be relied upon in compiling the Group Annual Financial

Statements, having fulfilled our role and function as Executive Directors with primary responsibility for implementation and

execution of controls;

5.

Where we are not satisfied, we have disclosed to the Group Audit Committee and the Auditors any deficiencies in design

and operational effectiveness of the internal financial controls, and have taken steps to remedy the deficiencies; and,

6.

We are not aware of any fraud involving Directors.

Mr. BW Reekie

Mr. MG Cownie

Group: Managing Director

Group Financial Director

22 September 2023

Group Audit Committee Report on the

Effectiveness of Internal Financial Controls

The Group Audit Committee is pleased to present its report for the financial year ended 30 June 2023. Based on the review of

the Group’s system of internal financial controls and risk management, including a review of the:

• Design;

• Implementation; and,

• Effectiveness

of the controls conducted by GIA during the 2023 year, and considering:

• Information and explanations given by management;

• Discussions with the External Auditor on the results of their audit; and,

• Discussions at Group Risk Committee meetings, attended by the CAE,

nothing has come to the attention of the Group Audit Committee that caused it to believe that the Group’s system of internal

financial controls and risk management are not effective and that the internal financial controls do not form a sound basis for

the preparation of reliable Group Annual Financial Statements.

Mr. BA Stott

Managing Director and can change the payment upwards or downwards for

individuals or all participants at its discretion.

Performance

measures

The award for all participants is determined on the basis of Clientèle’s

performance as well as individual performance assessments measured against

key measurement factors determined at the beginning of the year. Key

measurement factors considered for Group Excom include the following:

• Group profits;

• Managing Withdrawals;

• Production and Quality of New Business;

• Developing new distribution channels;

• Lead creation;

• Focus on Authenticated Collections;

• Building brand and other marketing activities;

• Innovation;

• Smooth functioning of relevant business areas;

• Improving culture and level of client service;

• Staff Management and Treating Employees Well;

• Staff recruitment, development and stability;

• Succession planning;

• Expense management;

• Strategic input and Executive contribution;

• Fintech, automation, digital strategy and cyber security;

• System stability;

• IT Governance;

• Hardware development and planning;

• Attainment of appropriate B-BBEE certification;

• TCW;

• Maintaining appropriate service levels and standards;

• Transformation;

• Compliance;

• Living the values;

• Key staff retention; and,

• Diversification, transformation and future proofing the business.

The key measurement factors are different in weight depending on the role of

the participant and do not all apply to each and every participant. The key

measurement factors also contribute to the final awards for the EV incentive.

Key measurement

scores of Group

Excom for 2023

Ranged from 85% to 97%.

Maximum

potential value of

annual incentive

for 2023

6 Months (2022: 6 months)

Group Excom

4 Months (2022: 4 months)

Excom

3 Months (2022: 2 months)

Members of Management

The amounts are expressed as multiples of the monthly salaries.

Changes for 2023

No changes this year.:

Managing Director and subject to Group Remuneration

Committee approval.

Operation

The EV incentive element incentivises participants over the medium term for

performance over and above that for which they are remunerated and

incentivised for under Clientèle’s standard remuneration and short-term bonus

policy.

The EV Scheme is based on growth in EV, as certified by Clientèle’s External

Actuaries and approved by the Group Remuneration Committee, and vests

and is payable over a four-year period. The EV Scheme is split into two pools.

Pool 1 is calculated as a percentage (5%) of adjusted REVE. Pool 2 is based

on out-performance of adjusted REVE over a defined hurdle rate at a

participation level of 5.6%. Each participant’s share in the pool is set at an

initial level at the beginning of the year and then adjusted up or down based

on individual performance during the year. The Group Remuneration

Committee is entitled to allocate 100% of the pool to the participants;

however, this has not been done to date with such a lesser amount allocated

based on circumstances. Each participant’s share in the pool is determined

annually, it is then paid out in four equal annual payments with the first annual

payment being at the time the amount of the pool is determined. There is a

“clawback” if the pre-determined assumptions are not met, which is deducted

from non-vested amounts earned but not yet paid.

Performance

measures

Each participant’s allocation within the pool is determined (on a provisional

basis) at the beginning of the year. The ultimate allocation will be similar to the

initial allocation; however, it may be adjusted upwards or downwards based

on the individual’s performance during the year. Performance is assessed both

on financial and non-financial elements.

Maximum value of

annual incentive

for 2023

There is no specific cap, however, the quantum of the bonus pool and the

amounts per individual are approved by the Group Remuneration Committee.

Changes for 2023

No changes this year.:

Managing Director and the Chairman of the Board recommend the Non-executive Director fees to the

Group Remuneration Committee for approval subsequent to periodic input by external independent advisers

regarding benchmark studies based on the same competitive group used for Executive Directors’ remuneration.

The remuneration packages of the Non-executive Directors comprise a Director’s fee. Non-executive Directors do

not qualify to participate in any Bonus or Incentive Scheme (including the BR Scheme).

The performance of Non-executive Directors is assessed by Group Excom. The Non-executive Directors’ fees are

approved at the AGM.

7.

NON-BINDING ADVISORY VOTE

Shareholders are requested to cast a non-binding advisory vote on part 2 of this Remuneration Report.:

Managing Director –

BW Reekie1

1

8,365

3,806

3,073

–

15,245: Managing

Managing Director –

BW Reekie1

1

7,855

3,574

5,757

7,022

24,208: Managing

Managing Director, Group Financial Director, Chief Risk Officer, CAE, External Auditors and other assurance

providers attend meetings by invitation only.

During the year eight meetings were held. The additional meetings over the normal four, as required by the Terms of

Reference, were to monitor and review positioning papers for the implementation of International Financial Reporting

Standard IFRS 17 ”Insurance Contracts” and overview and approve the change in auditors from PwC to Deloitte & Touche

(South Africa).

Members

Number of meetings held

Number

attended

BA Stott (Chairperson)

8

8

RD Williams

8

GQ Routledge

7

LED Hlatshwayo (resigned

in December 2022)

4

Appointed by:

• Shareholders at the AGM

Authority:

• Shareholders

• Report to shareholders through the Integrated Annual Report

and at the AGM

Assessment:

• At least every second year

• Satisfactory rating in November 2022

The experience and qualifications of the members of the Group Audit Committee are set out on pages 72 to 74.

The Chairman of the Group Audit Committee attended the AGMs held during this reporting period. The effectiveness of

the Group Audit Committee and its members is assessed on a biannual basis. The most recent assessment carried out

did not highlight any significant matters of concern.

3.

ROLE, RESPONSIBILITIES AND FULFILMENT THEREOF

3.1 Statutory Duties

The Group Audit Committee’s role and responsibilities include statutory duties in terms of the Companies Act,

Long-term Insurance Act, Short-term Insurance Act, Insurance Act, Listings Requirements, Prudential Standards

and further responsibilities assigned to it by the Board.

The Group Audit Committee executed its duties in terms of the requirements of King IV.:

letter, the budgeted fees for the 2023 financial year

and actual audit fees for the 2022 financial year.

There is a formal procedure that governs the process whereby the External Auditor is considered for non-audit

services and the Group has approved a policy relating to non-audit services performed by the External Auditor,

which is reviewed on an annual basis.

The Group Audit Committee has nominated, for election at the next AGM, Deloitte & Touche (South Africa) as the

External Audit firm and Mr. John Leon Preston Kruger as the designated External Auditor responsible for

performing the functions of External Auditor for the 2024 financial year. In terms of section 92 of the Companies

Act, the designated auditor is required to rotate every five years. The Group Audit Committee has satisfied itself

that the External Audit firm and designated Auditor are accredited as such on the JSE list of Auditors and their

advisors.

The External Auditor has confirmed that no reportable irregularities have been reported up to the date of this report.

Group Annual Financial Statements, Group Preliminary Results and Accounting Practices

The Group Audit Committee has reviewed the accounting policies, the condensed Group results for the six months

to 31 December 2022, the preliminary Group results for the year ended 30 June 2023 and the Group Annual

Financial Statements for the year ended 30 June 2023 and is satisfied that they are appropriate and comply with

IFRS. A formal written report to the Committee on estimates and judgments used in the preparation of the Group

Annual Financial Statements was reviewed and approved.

The Group Audit Committee was satisfied that issues identified in the report on pro-active monitoring of Group

Annual Financial Statements, issued by the JSE during the year, were complied with where relevant.

The Group Audit Committee was satisfied that appropriate financial reporting procedures exist and are working,

including consideration of all entities included in the consolidated Group IFRS financial statements and had access

to the relevant financial information of the Group.

The dividend for the year was considered by the Group Audit Committee and recommended to the Board for

approval.

The Group Annual Financial Statements have been recommended to the Board for approval.

The Group Audit Committee did not receive any complaints from within or outside the Group relating to accounting

practices, GIA or the content or audit of the Group Annual Financial Statements, or to any related matter.

Internal Controls and Internal Financial Controls

The Group Audit Committee has overseen a process by which GIA was requested to provide a written assessment

of the effectiveness of the Group’s system of internal control and risk management, including internal financial

controls. This written assessment by GIA formed the basis for the Group Audit Committee’s recommendation in

this regard to the Board, in order for the Board to report thereon. The Group Audit Committee Report on the

Effectiveness of Internal Financial Controls is included on page 36. The Board Report on the Effectiveness of

Internal Controls is included on page 35.

The Group Audit Committee oversees the processes implemented for the sign-off on the internal financial controls

by the Group: Managing

letter and authorised the Group

Financial Director to sign the: letter.

The Group Audit Committee met with the External Auditor without management being present. The

Managing Director

22 September 2023

Approval of the Annual Financial Statements

Certificate by the Company Secretary

I, Eben Johan Smit, being the Company Secretary of Clientèle, certify that the Company has, for the year under review, lodged

all returns required of a Public Company with the Companies and Intellectual Property Commission and that all such returns

are, to the best of my knowledge and belief, true, correct and up to date.

Mr. EJ Smit

Company Secretary

22 September 2023:

Managing Director), BSc(Hons), FASSA

Mr. Basil Reekie is a qualified actuary who joined Clientèle on 1 January 2008 and was the: Managing Director of Clientèle

Life (the major subsidiary of Clientèle) from May 2008 until June 2020 and has been the Managing Director of Clientèle

since 1 July 2013. Prior to joining Clientèle, he was the Managing Executive of QED Actuaries and Consultants where

he was responsible for the day-to-day operations of QED and consulted to numerous life insurance companies in South

Africa and across the African continent. As a consultant, he acted in the capacity of Statutory Actuary for many of these

companies.

Michael George Cownie, 47, (Group Financial Director), CA(SA)

Mr. Michael Cownie is a Chartered Accountant with over 20 years’ of experience in both the life and non-life insurance

industry. Mr. Michael Cownie joined the Group in March 2013 as Chief Financial Officer of Clientèle General whereafter

he was promoted to be the Financial Director of Clientèle General in August 2017, the Financial Director of Clientèle Life

in August 2021 and, following Mr. Iain Hume’s retirement as Group Financial Director in December 2022, he was

promoted to Group Financial Director in January 2023.

Adrian Domonic t’Hooft Enthoven, 54, (Non-executive Director), BA Hons in Politics, Philosophy and Economics,

PhD in Political Science.

Dr. Adrian Enthoven is Executive

Managing Director of QED

Actuaries and Consultants (providing actuarial services to life insurers, short-term insurers and retirement funds).

Mr. Robert Williams has over 25 years’ experience acting as the appointed Head of the Actuarial Function to various life

insurance companies in Southern Africa.

Gavin Knighton Chadwick, 66, (Alternate Non-executive Director), Masters in Agricultural Management, MBA

Mr. Gavin Chadwick was appointed as an alternate Non-executive Director of Clientèle with effect from 2 October 2019.

Mr. Chadwick is an alternate Director to Dr. ADT Enthoven and is currently the Head of Investments for Yellowwoods

Ventures Investments SA (Pty) Ltd. Mr. Chadwick has over 3 decades of experience in the financial services industry.

Phethedi Gideon Nkadimeng, 51, (Non-executive Director), BSc (Statistics and Economics)

Mr. Gideon Nkadimeng was appointed as a Non-executive Director of Clientèle with effect from 1 March 2017. Mr.

Nkadimeng is currently an Investment Executive of Yellowwoods Ventures Investments SA (Pty) Ltd and has extensive

experience in the financial services industry.

Herschel Philip Mayers, 63, (Non-executive Director) BSc(Hons), FASSA

Mr. Herschel Mayers is a Fellow of the ASSA who previously held the positions of Chief Executive Officer of Discovery

Life Limited and Vitality Life Limited and has over 40 years’ of experience in the life insurance industry. Mr. Mayers joined

the Group as a Non-executive Director in May 2023.

Hugo Louw, 50, (Executive Director), BCom(Hons), FASSA

Mr. Hugo Louw joined Clientèle in 2013 as Head of Operations. Mr. Louw was appointed as a Director of Clientèle Life

in July 2016 and appointed as: Managing

Letter of support: Clientèle Limited has agreed to provide financial assistance to CBC Rewards, Clientèle Mobile &

Clientèle Properties North for the foreseeable future, until such time the companies’ assets fairly valued exceed their

liabilities.

Nedbank guarantee: Clientèle’s Board approved the granting of a guarantee on 13 February 2015 in favour of Nedbank

Limited of R100.0 million in respect of a Term Credit Facility for Clientèle Properties East.

Depfin guarantee: Clientèle Limited has, in prior years, provided financial assistance resulting in a gross exposure of

R374 million (2022: R374 million) and a net exposure through guarantees of R200 million (2022: R200 million) for the

purchase of approximately 9.0% (2022: 9%) of Clientèle’s issued shares (Ordinary Shares) by YTI. A Monte Carlo

simulation was conducted at the end of the 2023 financial year to determine the ECL in respect of the financial guarantee

and the ECL remained at R2 million.

The YTI preference share funding arrangement with Depfin includes an EV per share covenant as well as a Market Value

per share covenant.

46. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING DATE

Dividend

The Board declared a final gross dividend of 125.00 cents per share on 31 August 2023 for the year ended 30 June 2023.

The dividend is subject to DWT.

Changes to the board

Ms. PR Gwangwa resigned as Independent Non-executive Director in August 2023.

There are no other material items to report after the reporting date.:

Letter of Representation.

Beneficial owners who have dematerialised their shares through a CSDP or broker who do not wish to attend the AGM,

must provide the CSDP or broker by the time of the commencement of the AGM with their voting instructions in terms

of the relevant custody agreement entered into between them and the CSDP or broker.

2.

A holder entitled to attend and vote may insert the name of a proxy or the names of two alternative proxies of the holder’s

choice in the space provided, with or without deleting “the Chairman of the AGM”.

A proxy need not be a holder of the Company. The person whose name stands first on the form of proxy and who is

present at the meeting will be entitled to act as proxy to the exclusion of those whose names follow.

3.

A holder is entitled to one vote on a show of hands and, on a poll, one vote in respect of each ordinary share held in

terms of section 58 of the Companies Act. A holder’s instructions to the proxy must be indicated by inserting a cross in

the appropriate box(es). Failure to comply with this will be deemed to authorise the proxy to vote or to abstain from voting

at the general meeting as he deems fit in respect of all the holder’s votes.

A vote given in terms of an instrument of proxy shall be valid in relation to the general meeting notwithstanding the death

of the person granting it, or the revocation of the proxy, or the transfer of the ordinary shares in respect of which the vote

is given.

4.

If a holder does not indicate on this form that the holder’s or his/her proxy is to vote in favour or against any resolution or

to abstain from voting, or gives contradictory instructions, or should any further resolution(s) or any amendment(s) which

may be properly put before the general meeting be proposed, the proxy shall be entitled to vote as he/she thinks fit.

5.

The Chairman of the general meeting may reject or accept any form of proxy which is completed and/or received other

than in compliance with these notes.

6.

The completion and lodging of this form of proxy will not preclude the relevant holder from attending the meeting and

speaking and voting in person thereat to the exclusion of any proxy appointed in terms hereof, should such holder wish

to do so.

7.

Documentary evidence establishing the authority of a person signing the proxy form in a representative capacity must

be attached to this form of proxy, unless previously recorded by the Company or unless this requirement is waived by

the Chairman of the AGM.

8.

A minor or any other person under legal incapacity must be assisted by his/her parent or guardian, as applicable, unless

the relevant documents establishing his/her capacity are produced or have been registered with the Company.

9.

Where there are joint holders of ordinary securities: Any one holder may sign the form of proxy;

The vote(s) of the most senior (for that purpose seniority will be determined by the order in which the names of

shareholders appear in the Company’s register of shareholders) who tenders a vote (whether in person or by proxy) will

be accepted to the exclusion of the vote(s) of the other joint holder(s).

10.

Forms of proxy should be lodged with or posted to the Company’s transfer secretaries, Computershare Investor Services

Proprietary Limited:

Hand deliveries:

Postal deliveries:

Rosebank Towers

Private Bag X9000

15 Biermann Ave

Saxonwold

Rosebank

2132

Johannesburg

2196:

