Letter:

Presentation of pro forma financial information dated

4 March 2010 and in accordance with paragraphs 8.15

to 8.33 in the JSE Listings Requirements, the Revised

SAICA Guide on Pro forma Financial Information (issued

September 2014) and International Standard on Assurance

Engagement (“ISAE”) 3420 – Assurance Engagements

to Report on the Compilation of Pro forma Financial

Information included in a Prospectus, to the extent

applicable given the Non-IFRS Financial Information’s

nature. This pro forma financial information has been

reported on by PwC in terms of ISAE 3420 and their

unmodified report is available for inspection on the

Ninety One website (www.ninetyone.com).

These non-IFRS measures, including reconciliations to their

nearest consolidated financial statements equivalents, are

as follows:

£ million

Full year

2023

Full year

2022

Net revenue

627.1

663.9

Share of profit from associates

1.4

0.4

Net gain on investments and

other income

7.0

4.3

Adjusted for:

Deferred employee benefit

scheme gain

(1.3)

(3.4)

Subletting income

(1.2)

(1.3)

Adjusted operating revenue

633.0

663.9

£ million

Full year

2023

Full year

2022

Operating expenses

428.7

416.3

Adjusted for:

Share scheme net (expense)/credit

(3.7)

18.1

Deferred employee benefit

scheme gain

(1.3)

(3.4)

Subletting income

(1.2)

(1.3)

Interest expense on lease liabilities

3.6

3.8

Adjusted operating expenses

426.1

433.5

£ million

Full year

2023

Full year

2022

Adjusted operating revenue

633.0

663.9

Adjusted operating expenses

(426.1)

(433.5)

Adjusted operating profit

206.9

230.4

Adjusted operating profit margin

32.7%

34.7%

£ million

Full year

2023

Full year

2022

Staff expenses

279.2

276.3

Adjusted for:

Share scheme net

(expense)/credit

(3.7)

18.1

Employee remuneration

275.5

294.4

£ million

Full year

2023

Full year

2022

Net interest income/(expense)

5.8

(0.1)

Adjusted for:

Interest expense on lease liabilities

3.6

3.8

Adjusted net interest income

9.4

3.7

Foreign currency

The financial information is prepared in British pound

sterling. The results of operations and the financial

condition of individual companies are reported in the local

currencies of the countries in which they are domiciled,

including South African rand and US dollar. These results

are then translated into pounds sterling at the applicable

foreign currency exchange rates for inclusion in the

consolidated financial statements. The following table sets

out the movement in the relevant exchange rates against

pounds sterling for the twelve months ended 31 March

2023 and 2022.

31 March 2023

31 March 2022

Year end

Average

Year end

Average

South

African rand

22.10

20.46

19.03

20.29

US dollar

1.24

1.21

1.31

1.37

55

Strategic Report

Governance

Financial Statements

Additional Information:

letter which annually

confirms its independence and compliance with the

FRC’s Ethical Standard.

In assessing PwC’s effectiveness, the committee also

discussed the findings of the auditor effectiveness

evaluation completed by all members of the committee,

key executives, as well as key members of senior

management and those who have regular contact

with PwC.

Based on its review, the committee was able to conclude

that PwC performed the audit effectively, efficiently and to

a high standard. The committee was also able to conclude

that the two audit partners have both demonstrated that

they have the appropriate qualifications and expertise.

The committee is also satisfied that PwC is sufficiently

independent and that Ninety One has an appropriate

policy in place in relation to the employment of former

members of the audit team. Accordingly, the committee

has recommended to the Board that PwC be reappointed

as auditor to Ninety One for the year ending 31 March

2024, subject to approval at the 2023 AGM.

The committee has complied with the provisions of the

Competition and Markets Authority Order for the financial

year under review in respect to audit tendering and the

provision of non-audit services. The committee can

also confirm that there are no contractual obligations that

restrict the committee’s choice of auditor or a minimum

appointment period.

Non-audit fees

The committee approved certain non-audit services to be

provided by PwC that were not considered to undermine

the independence of the auditor and were approved in

accordance with the Non-Audit Services Policy. The

non-audit services provided by PwC are closely linked to

the statutory audit and mainly relate to evaluating the

fairness of the description and the design suitability of

Ninety One’s Control Activities in accordance with the

ICAEW Technical Release AAF 01/20 and the International

Standard on Assurance Engagements (“ISAE 3402”) and

regulatory reporting (including the FCA’s Client Money

and Asset Rules, where PwC continue to provide these

services).

PwC’s fees non audit work during the year amounted to

£714,772. Fees for the statutory audit for the year were

£1,197,750.

Fund audits are separate and not considered to be part

of this assessment.

Strategic Report

Governance

Financial Statements

Additional Information

81:

Dear stakeholders

I am pleased to present our Directors’ Remuneration

Report for the financial year 2023, being Ninety One’s third

full year as an independent listed business. In financial year

2023, the business has demonstrated its resilience in a

challenging market environment. Notwithstanding the

headwinds, the business has remained focused on its

strategic priorities, investing for growth within its current

capability set and continuing to advance its wide-ranging

sustainability initiatives. Ninety One has strategic clarity

and remains confident that these investments position

Ninety One strongly when macro-economic conditions

improve.

Overview of executive remuneration for the

financial year 2023

The market environment in financial year 2023 proved

challenging across asset classes, with both AUM and

earnings impacted by structural headwinds, including an

unusual inflationary environment. Notwithstanding significant

client engagement and excellent long-term investment

performance, macro-economic conditions adversely

impacted risk appetite amongst clients, resulting in net

outflows for the year. Key performance outcomes include:

ɽ Adjusted EPS of 17.3p, down 9.8% for the financial year

(2022: 19.2p);

ɽ net outflows of £10.6 billion (2022: net inflows of

£5.0 billion);

ɽ weighted investment outperformance of 74.4% over the

three financial years 2021-2023; and

ɽ significant progress toward long-term strategic

priorities, particularly in ensuring that sustainability is at

the core of our business and investing for growth in our

current investment capability set (see pages 101-103 for

further details).

Against the backdrop of this performance, the committee

determined that the formulaic outcome under the

Executive Incentive Plan (“EIP”) scorecard was 48.0%

of the maximum award opportunity for each of the

Executive Directors.

The committee gave careful consideration to the formulaic

outcome, alongside the performance achieved, the relative

performance of Ninety One’s peers, and the shareholder,

client and wider workforce experience over the period. The

committee acknowledged that even though the long-term

performance targets for the real annual growth in adjusted

EPS had been set during a period of significant market

volatility during the COVID-19 pandemic, these targets

remained challenging on a long-term basis.

As a result, the committee concluded that the formulaic

outcome provided a fair reflection of performance

achieved, and granted awards on this basis.

Half of these awards were deferred into shares in Ninety

One plc, further increasing the shareholder alignment that

already exists by virtue of the Executive Directors’

participations in the Marathon Trust. The remainder of the

awards was paid in cash. The deferred elements of the EIP

awards were granted after the 2023 financial results had

been announced and will be subject to vesting and

mandatory retention periods as prescribed under the

current Directors’ Remuneration Policy (the “2020 Policy”).

A full disclosure of the financial and non-financial outcomes

relative to targets and metrics is provided on pages 101 to 103.

The Directors’ Remuneration Report

sets out our approach to remuneration

for Ninety One’s people and Directors

for the financial year 2023.

DLC Human Capital and Remuneration

Committee Report

86

Ninety One Integrated Annual Report 2023:

letter of

appointment under which their appointment is terminable by either party on three months’ written notice except where the

Director is not reappointed by shareholders, in which case termination is with immediate effect. There are no obligations

within the Non-Executive Directors’ letters of appointment that could give rise to remuneration payments on termination or

payments for loss of office.

Policy on payments for loss of office

In the event of the termination of an Executive Director’s employment, any payments will be determined in accordance with

the 2023 Policy, and will be in line with the relevant Executive Director’s service contract and the rules of any relevant

incentive plans. The table below sets out a summary of Ninety One’s policy in relation to payments for loss of office.

Element

Policy

Notice period

Ninety One will have the ability to make a payment in lieu of notice equal to base salary only for any unexpired portion

of the notice period. Ninety One may also reserve the right to place the Executive Directors on garden leave during the

notice period. However, neither notice nor a payment in lieu of notice will be given in the event of gross misconduct or

gross negligence.

EIP awards

Good leavers1 who depart during a performance period, or after a performance period but prior to the grant of any

awards, may receive awards at the committee’s discretion, taking into account relevant factors including but not limited

to the Executive Director’s length of service and the circumstances of departure. In granting any awards in respect of

uncompleted performance periods, the committee will consider the Executive Director’s performance in the financial

year of departure in addition to their contribution towards long-term goals on such reasonable basis as it decides taking

into account performance to departure and, if it so decides, expected future performance, and any awards granted

would be pro-rated. In the financial year of departure, any awards granted shall not exceed the maximum variable

remuneration opportunity under the 2023 Policy. Those awards would normally be deferred per the normal vesting

schedule, although the committee retains discretion to accelerate the vesting schedule in exceptional circumstances.

Any such award would be subject to the normal malus and clawback provisions.

A good leaver holding awards would normally be entitled to retain their deferred awards, subject to the original terms

(including deferral and holding periods, and malus and clawback). The committee retains the discretion to accelerate the

vesting of unvested deferred awards in exceptional circumstances.

Unvested deferred awards for bad leavers will lapse in full.

Ninety One SIP

Leaver treatment will be determined in accordance with HMRC-approved provisions.

Other

The committee may make other limited payments in connection with a Director’s cessation of office or employment

including but not limited to paying any fees for outplacement assistance and/or the Director’s legal and/or professional

advice fees in connection with their cessation of office or employment, where the payments are made in good faith in

discharge of an existing legal obligation (or by way of damages for breach of such an obligation) or by way of settlement

of any claim arising in connection with the cessation of a Director’s office or employment.

1. Good leavers are individuals who are either not terminated for cause, or who do not leave to join a direct competitor of Ninety One.

Strategic Report

Governance

Financial Statements

Additional Information

97:

letter of

appointment under which their appointment can be terminated by either party on three months’ written notice, except

where the Director is not reappointed by shareholders, in which case termination is with immediate effect.

Directors’ Remuneration Report – Annual Report on Remuneration

Ninety One Integrated Annual Report 2023

110:

