Managing Director

of Village Management Consulting

Proprietary Limited, and the former founder and Chairperson of

Tsabatsaba Holdings Proprietary Limited. In addition to these

roles, Letepe holds the position of Chairperson at International

Finance Group, is a non-executive director of Reutech (Pty) Limited,

Kayamandi Resources and is the Chairperson of Tshwane Hub

of Arts.

Brenda Kali¤*

Appointed: March 2019

In her 30-year tenure as an executive,

Brenda has seen the reputational

turnaround of major companies

including Sasol and Telkom, where

she spearheaded its reputational

transformation. Today, Brenda is the CEO of the Conscious

Leadership and Ethics Institute and the Founder of Conscious

Companies. She is a leading voice in advocating conscious, ethical

leadership. Prior to this, she was the CEO of the Children’s Media

Council in the Office of Thabo Mbeki’s Presidency and a member

of the transformation team at the national broadcaster. Brenda is a

former board member of the South African Chamber of Commerce

and Industries (SACCI) and Project Literacy, a 45-year old NGO.

^ Independent Non-Executive #

Audit, Governance and Risk Committee ¤

Remuneration and Nominations Committee * Social, Ethics and Transformation Committee:

letter, terms, nature and scope of the audit function

and audit plan for the 2023 financial year. The budgeted fee is

considered appropriate for the work that could reasonably have

been foreseen at that time.

Non-audit services rendered by the auditor are governed by a

formal procedure and each engagement: letter for such services,

where material, is reviewed and approved by the Committee.

No such services have been rendered during the year ended

31 March 2023.

The external auditors have unrestricted access to the Chairperson

of the Committee and no matters of concern were raised during

the year under review.

The Committee meets at least once a year with the auditors

without the presence of any executive directors or management.

This is the first year that PKF Octagon Incorporated has conducted

the audit. The audit partner in charge of the audit is rotated off the

audit after five years.

risk management

While the Board as a whole is responsible for the group’s risk

management, it has delegated authority to the Committee which

reports to the Board. The Committee utilises a heat risk mapping

process aimed at identifying key risk areas and key performance

indicators.

It assesses and addresses, inter alia, physical and operational risk,

HR risk, technology risk, business continuity and disaster recovery,

credit and market risk and governance and compliance risk. This

assists the Board in its assessment and management of risk.

financial risk management

Having regard to the fact that risk is an inherent part of the group’s

activities, risk management and the ongoing improvement

in corresponding control structures remain key focuses for

management in building a successful and sustainable business.

The Board recognises that risk management is a dynamic process

and that the risk framework should be robust enough to effectively

manage and react to change in an efficient and timeous manner.

Formalisation of a risk management framework is the responsibility

of the group’s Board of

Letter of Representation to them. This must be done in

terms of the agreement entered into between such dematerialised

shareholder and the relevant CSDP or broker. If your CSDP or broker

does not obtain instructions from you, they will be obliged to act in

terms of your mandate furnished to them.

By order of the Board

30 July 2023

notice of annual general

meeting continued

for the year ended 31 March 2023:

letter of representation

to attend the annual general meeting or the shareholder must instruct them as to how they wish to vote in this regard. This must be done

in term of the agreement entered into between the shareholder and the CSDP or broker in the manner and cut-off time stipulated therein.

I/We

(Name/s in block letters)

of (address)

being the registered holders of

ordinary shares in Primeserv, do hereby appoint

1.

or, failing him/her,

2.

or, failing him/her,

3. the Chairperson of the annual general meeting as my/our proxy to act for me/us and on my/our behalf at the general meeting which

will be held for the purposes of considering, and if deemed fit, with or without modification, the resolutions to be proposed thereat and

at any adjournment thereof, and to vote for and/or against the resolutions and/or abstain from voting in respect of the ordinary shares

registered in my/our name/s, in accordance with the following instructions (see Note 1, overleaf).

Number of votes

(one vote per

ordinary share)

For

Against Abstain

Ordinary resolution number 1 – To confirm the reappointment of PKF Octagon Incorporated as independent

auditors of the group and Waldemar Marek Wasowicz as the designated auditor

1.1

Appointment of PKF Octagon Incorporated as independent auditors

1.2

Appointment of WM Wasowicz as designated audit partner

1.3

Board to confirm auditors’ remuneration

Ordinary resolution number 2 – To confirm the appointment as director

2.1

LM Maisela

2.2

DL Rose

Ordinary resolution number 3 – To elect the members of the Audit, Governance and Risk Committee

3.1

DL Rose

3.2

LM Maisela

3.3

KM Matjila

Ordinary resolution number 4 – Authority for directors or Company Secretary to implement the resolutions

Non-binding advisory resolution number 1 – Endorsement of the Primeserv Remuneration Policy

Non-binding advisory resolution number 2 – Endorsement of Primeserv Remuneration Policy Implementation

Special resolution number 1 – To confirm the non-executive directors’ remuneration for 2024

Special resolution number 2 – Authority to provide financial assistance to related or inter-related companies

of the company

Special resolution number 3 – General authority to repurchase shares

Signed at

on

2023

Signature

Assisted by me (where applicable)

All communications to be distributed electronically unless otherwise indicated by marking the box.

Signature

Please see notes overleaf

form

of proxy:

Letter of Representation in terms of the custody agreement entered into with the CSDP or broker.

notes to the

form of proxy:

