Message from the chairman

66

Overview

69

Board of directors

72

Governance structure and reports

77

Risk report

93

REMUNERATION REPORT

99

The remuneration committee chairman’s statement

100

Remuneration policy

101

Implementation report

108

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

115

ANNEXURES

231

CONTENTS

4

PSG KONSULT LIMITED

5

INTEGRATED REPORT 2023:

Message from the chairman

66

Overview

69

Board of directors

72

Governance structure and reports

77

Risk report

93

0404

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

“PSG Konsult has

a track record of

sound corporate

governance and

accountability to

investors.”

65

INTEGRATED REPORT 2023:

Message from the chairman

Willem Theron

Trading conditions globally and

in South Africa have been tough.

However, PSG Konsult's long-term

focus, adaptability, and innovation

ensure the sustainability and

growth prospects of the business.

Board focus areas

in 2023

The PSG Konsult board’s primary aim is to guide

value creation for the group’s clients, which results

in value for employees and advisers and ultimately

delivers sustainable returns to shareholders.

With this goal in mind, the main areas of discussion

and focus for the board this year were:

• Continued market volatility

• Risk and opportunity assessment

• Strategy review

• Talent attraction, retention and development

• Technology and cyber security

Continued market volatility

There are always variables in the global and local

macroeconomic trends that impact PSG Konsult.

The start of the 2023 financial year saw some

recovery from the fallout of COVID-19. However,

South Africa was not spared the chaos affecting

global financial markets in March 2023, as investors

faced instability in the global financial system amid

the fallout from the demise of Silicon Valley Bank

in the United States and Credit Suisse in Europe.

In addition, global trade disruptions, primarily caused

by Russia's war in Ukraine, led to stagnant markets,

which in turn put pressure on the group's fee income.

Locally, political and infrastructure failures impacted

investor and consumer confidence, while certain

large catastrophe events affected PSG Insure,

although this impact was largely mitigated by

Western’s comprehensive reinsurance programme.

South Africa’s greylisting by the Financial Action Task

Force in February 2023 increases the administrative

burden on financial services companies like PSG Konsult,

by increasing requirements around sources of funding,

which in turn increases costs and can result in delayed

transactions. The board is comfortable that the group

and its advisers are well equipped to adjust and steer

our clients through the applicable changes. In addition,

the group maintains good relationships with regulators

and participates in discussions around changes in the

regulatory environment.

Despite these tough market conditions,

PSG Konsult delivered strong results. The group

was able to grow assets under management as

well as insurance premiums, meaning we attracted

new clients across the board. The fact that even

in turbulent times people relied on us for financial

guidance, shows that our brand is trustworthy,

and our advisers provide excellent service.

The board feels confident that

PSG Konsult's well-established policies,

procedures, and internal controls can

handle unpredictable markets.

In volatile and difficult market conditions, clients,

advisers and other stakeholders can take comfort in the

fact that the group takes a long-term view and looks

beyond the prevailing noise, while remaining adaptable

enough to withstand changeable external factors.

Risk and opportunity

assessment

Supported by the risk committee, the board takes a

holistic view of risk within the group. We assessed

potential risks and opportunities and weighed

them against capital adequacy and profit, and will

continue to do so.

Part of the group’s commitment to

sustainable growth, integrated risk

management and robust governance

includes keeping abreast of emerging

risks, including climate change.

We have committed to a long-term process to

assess the impacts of climate change on our

business, particularly for PSG Insure, as well as the

opportunities that come with climate stewardship,

particularly for PSG Asset Management.

Strategy review

Part of the group’s competitive advantage

is that the strategy has been relatively

consistent for several years, and has

reliably delivered superior shareholder

returns.

Nevertheless, the board continues, where

necessary, to reassess the strategy and capital

allocation decisions. Executive management

presented a three-year strategic view to the

board, and we are satisfied that the strategy

remains relevant.

Talent attraction, retention

and development

The financial services industry requires specialised

and scarce skills. As a board, we examined the group’s

succession plans and the measures in place to attract,

retain and develop our precious human capital.

PSG Konsult attracts talent through appealing

employee and adviser value propositions, and invests

in competitive remuneration to retain employees.

Importantly, the group actively builds our own talent

pipeline through employee and adviser graduate and

bursary programmes. These programmes encourage

talented young South Africans to seek careers in

the financial services industry and add to our pool

of quality employees and advisers. The group also

invests in training programmes that cover technical

subjects, systems, leadership and managerial skills.

It has been gratifying over the years to

see many of the graduates rise through

the ranks at PSG Konsult and contribute

to the success of the business.

Technology and cyber security

PSG Konsult continued to invest in technology,

including the enhancement of current functionality

and the addition of new capabilities. This is to

support both our internal systems and our external

service offerings, using leading-edge technology.

Additionally, the group continued to invest in

measures to maintain and improve cyber security.

This includes regulatory compliance, network

security, client data protection, response plans, and

employee and adviser training and awareness.

These are significant investments that warrant robust

board oversight. The board spent time familiarising

ourselves with the available technologies, and the

group’s cyber security policies and plans, to ensure we

provide sufficient oversight of their implementation.

We believe that the group is using

appropriate technologies to differentiate

its offering, and implementing all

necessary measures and using state-of-

the-art technologies to combat cyber

crime and safeguard our clients' data.:

