Letter from the CEO

15

Strategic Overview

16

Financial review by the CFO

18

Our Business

34

Our Leadership - Board of Directors

41

Our leadership - Executive Committee

44

Corporate Governance

49

Risk Management Process

56

Sustainability Report

59

61

Financial Statements

61

Directors’ Responsibility for

financial reporting

62

Company Secretary's Report

64

Directors’ Report

65

Report of the Audit Committee

69

Independent Auditor’s Report

71

Consolidated Statement of Profit

or Loss

77

Consolidated Statement of Other

Comprehensive Income

78

Consolidated Statement of

Financial Position

79

Consolidated Statement of Changes

in Equity

80

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 82

Notes to the Consolidated Statement of

Cash Flows

83

Segmental Analysis

84

Accounting Policies

87

Notes to the Consolidated

Financial Statements

102

Shareholders Analysis

162

166

Notice of Annual General Meeting

166

Implementation Report of the

Remuneration Policy

173

Brief Curriculum Vitae of Directors

Standing for Re-election

177

Shareholder Rights

178

Form of Proxy

180

Notes To The Form Of Proxy

181

Corporate Information

182:

Dear Stakeholders,

As I take a step back to reﬂect on our journey at Purple Group over the past year, I am ﬁlled with a sense of pride and optimism. Like many

others, we've been up against some formidable economic challenges and still we have continued to demonstrate resilience, adaptability and

a relentless focus on our core value drivers.

Our achievements in this period are a testament to the strength of our strategy, the dedication of our team and the loyalty of our customers

and partners. We have navigated a path through both challenging and promising landscapes - each a vivid reminder of why we do what we

do – pushing boundaries, innovating and continuously redeﬁning what's possible in our industry. We continue making investing easy for

everyone – helping people to grow and protect their wealth.

Confronting Economic Challenges

The past year has been a rollercoaster marked by economic ﬂuctuations, including a signiﬁcant downturn and escalating interest rates.

Rather than seeing these as setbacks, we've embraced them as opportunities to reﬁne our strategies, diversify our business and ﬂex our

adaptability muscles. It's in these times that true innovation emerges.

Like many of our competitors, we faced unavoidable declines in activity fuelled revenue, primarily driven by muted market volatility and the

impact of inﬂation and, most signiﬁcantly, higher interest rates.

These challenges, while impactful, have emphasized the importance of retaining strategic agility and building an increasingly

diversiﬁed business.

Strategic Investments and Expansion

New markets, particularly in Southeast Asia with EasyEquities Philippines Inc. and our partnership with GCash, is more than just growth – it's

about creating new worlds of possibilities. Our investments, though substantial, are deliberate and laying the groundwork for a future that's

diverse, dynamic, and brimming with opportunities.

While taking our products live is proving to be much more diﬃcult than anticipated and therefore taking longer than planned, our time in

the market is being well spent. We are building strong regulatory relationships, strengthening our ties and opportunities with GCash and

building a community through educational engagement with hundreds of thousands of Filipinos every single day.

Customer Retention Rate – since inception across all periods | +100 %

Our ability to not only acquire new active clients cost-eﬀectively but importantly also maintain high client retention rates (+100% over

all ﬁnancial periods) is a key driver of our success and testament to the strength of our strategy and the loyalty of our community.

Cost of Service 2023 | -10% to R170

This eﬃciency in client acquisition and the year-on-year decline in our cost to serve (-10% to R170 / Active Client) coupled with the

evidenced loyalty of our clients over 9 years now, are the assets that will continue to fuel our growth.

Retail vs Institutional Revenue Contribution | Retail: 60.3% (down from 90.3% in 2022),

Institutional: 39.7% (up from 9.7% in 2022 )

Easy Group’s client assets increased impressively by 25.3% - totalling a record R46.6 billion. Contributions were strong across both retail

and institutional client groups and resulting revenue now sees retail contributing 60.3% (down from 90.3% 2022) vs Institutions 39.7%

(up from 9.7% 2022).

Active Client Growth 2023 | +17.5%

Our client base is our greatest asset, and we've seen impressive growth in active clients (+17.5%).

Cost of Active Client Acquisition 2023 | R96

Our approach to client acquisition and retention isn't just about numbers; it's about building a community of engaged, loyal users. Once

again, we've managed to do this cost eﬀectively (R96 / Active Client), even in the face of economic headwinds – a testament to our

relentless focus on customer-centric innovation and resilience.

Institutional Client Assets | Increased to R14.5 billion, up +49% from 2022

Institutional client inﬂows delivered a standout performance, improving by 170% over the period and driving assets across our platform

up to R14.5 billion - strengthening our business model diversiﬁcation.

Retail Market Returns | Circa 11.7%

Clients’ commitment has been well rewarded - on average they have enjoyed market returns of about 11.7%, lifting retail client assets

across our platforms to record highs of R32.1 billion, up +17% from last year.

Net Retail Inﬂows | R1.16 billion

Retail clients continued to demonstrably evidence their resilience and commitment to their investment journey with us, maintaining net

inﬂows of R1.1 billion over the period. This is a signiﬁcant achievement in consideration of the economic environment and the fact that

many competing investment platforms have recorded outﬂows over their most recent reporting period.

Building a Customer-Centric, Resilient Business and Systems

ANNUAL REPORT 2023

7:

LETTER FROM THE CEO

ANNUAL REPORT 2023

15:

letter in June 2019 on a Crypto Asset subset – Cryptocurrency, and concluded that IAS 2 Inventories applies to

Cryptocurrency when they are held for sale in the ordinary course of business. If IAS 2 Inventories is not applicable, an

entity applies IAS 38 Intangible Assets to holdings of crypto assets.

The Group does not hold Crypto Assets as inventory and has therefore not applied the accounting treatment under IAS

2: Inventories.

The Group has applied IAS 38: Intangible Assets to its holdings of crypto assets. Crypto assets have an indefinite useful life.

Initial recognition and measurement

Crypto Assets are initially recognised when they are acquired and the risks and rewards of ownership has transferred to

the Group. They are initially measured at cost plus transactions costs. Crypto Assets are presented as a separate category

of asset in the Statement of Financial Position.

Subsequent measurement

After initial recognition, crypto assets are carried at a revalued amount, being the fair value at the reporting date. Crypto

Assets are measured using quoted prices from three different high-volume exchanges. Management considers this fair

value to be a Level 1 input under the IFRS 13: Fair Value Measurement fair value hierarchy, as the price is extracted from an

active market for identical assets.

If a crypto asset’s carrying amount is increased as a result of a revaluation, the increase is recognised in other

comprehensive income and accumulated in equity under the heading of 'crypto asset revaluation surplus'. However,

increases in fair value are recognised in profit or loss to the extent that it reverses a revaluation decrease of the same

asset previously recognised in profit or loss.

If a crypto asset’s carrying amount is decreased as a result of a revaluation, the decrease is recognised in profit or

loss. However, the decrease shall be recognised in other comprehensive income to the extent of any credit balance in

the crypto asset revaluation surplus in respect of that asset. The decrease recognised in other comprehensive income

reduces the amount accumulated in equity.

Derecognition

The Group derecognises a Crypto Asset when the risks and rewards of ownership have been transferred. The cumulative

crypto asset revaluation surplus included in equity is transferred directly to retained earnings when the surplus is

realised. The transfer from crypto asset revaluation surplus to retained earnings is not made through profit or loss.:

director's fees

373

339

10.0

Total: director's fees

373

339

10.0

William Bassie Maisela

– Independent non-executive director's fees

373

-

N/A

Total director's fees

373

-

N/A

Bonang Mohale

- Board meetings attendance fee

154

140

10.0

- Sub-committee meeting attendance fees

26

24

8.3

Total director's fees

180

153

17.6

Craig Carter

– Independent non-executive director's fees

373

339

10.0

Total director's fees

373

339

10.0

Happy Ntshingila

–

