letter and overview of activities

“REMCO continued to be guided by the Group's purpose in balancing

reward and performance in a challenging operating context.”

Sasfin’s remuneration philosophy is underpinned by

remuneration practices that are fair, transparent and

responsible. We aim to reward performance in line with

the Group’s strategic objectives and strive to

demonstrate that the work of our employees is valued

and appreciated.

Our remuneration policy aims to maximise stakeholder

value creation while maintaining good governance

practices.

We recognise that fair, transparent and responsible

remuneration practices are essential to fulfil our

purpose, deliver on our strategy and drive performance

aligned to our desired culture and values. Our

approach to remuneration aligns with the

recommendations of King IV, the BCBS Governance

Guidelines and other applicable regulations.

This year has been marked by ongoing strain in the global economic environment,

which has contributed to the pressures faced by South African consumers and

businesses. The Group, too, has been through a challenging 2023. Following the strong

performance in 2022, when the Group was able to reward employees well, the macro

environment has continued to deteriorate in South Africa. In addition, there have been

unique challenges that Sasfin has faced requiring leadership to focus their efforts on

strategic initiatives across the Group.

The additional stress the operating environment places on our employees has required

a different approach from leadership. The Group has had to make tough decisions to

respond to the macro conditions. This included revisiting the strategy and realigning

the focus on core business. In this instance, the corporate transactions announced and

steps taken to strengthen the control environment, as well as mutual separation

agreements and Section 189's, are an outcome of this.

REMCO acknowledges the strain that the above mentioned

factors have placed on the Group and its people, as well as

their dedication and passion in responding to the challenges

faced. Despite the Group's subdued performance, we

considered factors beyond the performance of the Group,

including the macro context, scarcity of skills and what is fair

for our people and incorporated this in the reward decisions

made for the year under review.

There have been no changes to Sasfin’s remuneration policy.

What is key to note is that REMCO has been more strategic in

its approach to ensure that the policy implementation

recognises the efforts of our people and the business needs

of the Group in this time of strain, as well as the retention

mechanisms available to REMCO. In this regard, a retention

scheme was introduced to recognise and retain key talent over

the next two years.

Remuneration practices and job roles are benchmarked

annually by Old Mutual REMchannel (Proprietary) Limited. In

2023, REMCO approved an average increase of 5.9% (2022:

5.9%) across the Group. Specific increases were determined

based on individual personal performance, current pay relative

to pay scales and reward level, with due consideration to our

definition of a living wage and the wage gap.

REMCO continues to assess the pay levels across the Group.

We ensure all employees are in the range of at the least our

minimum pay scales to meet our definition of a decent living

wage, as well as assess the employees who exceed the pay

scales in relation to market demand and critical skills needed

by the Group.

The number of employees that REMCO considered underpaid

has been reduced significantly, down from 141 employees to

only 25 who are all within 90% of our minimum scale.

Succession planning

Within its human capital mandate, REMCO has continued to assess

progress made on succession planning processes in the Group. The

approach to succession planning at a Board and executive level has

been completed, including identifying the capability of individuals,

additional skills needed, and appropriate development initiatives to

meet the current and future needs of the business.

Succession planning is a process that continually evolves and is

regularly reviewed by REMCO and the Board. The approach Sasfin is

taking is informed and requires a shift in mindset around talent

management and enhances how succession planning is managed

more proactively. This will enable leadership to respond appropriately

by ensuring that a plan is in place for all the critical roles in the Group.

REMCO remained resolute in fulfilling its mandate and duties

during this time of strategic change at Sasfin. The committee has

met its fiduciary obligations as well as applied itself to ensuring that

appropriate remuneration has been considered within the

prescripts of our remuneration policy for the business at this time.

Considerations in awarding remuneration

109 | SASFIN IR 2023

Introduction

Governance practices and outcomes

Our approach to value creation

Delivering value

Additional information

Corporate governance report

Our leadership

Remuneration report:

