letter of the law and are committed to conducting our tax

affairs in an open and transparent way. Our tax strategy, available at www.schroders.com/tax-strategy, sets out our approach

to tax matters across the Group more generally. This strategy is reviewed and approved annually by the Audit and Risk

Committee. We disclose our total tax contribution, which shows the total amount of tax we pay and collect each year at

www.schroders.com/tax-contribution.

The following policies and statements apply to multiple categories noted above:

Our ESG Policy for Listed Assets, ESG and Stewardship policy and Schroders Capital Sustainability and Impact policy detail our principles

and practices regarding sustainable investing across our different business areas, covering themes such as climate and environment (including

nature and biodiversity), human rights, society, and anti-bribery and anti-corruption.

Our Engagement Blueprint outlines our principles towards engaging with investee companies. It includes measures relating to climate and

environment (including nature and biodiversity), human rights and employees.

Our Supplier Code of Conduct outlines the standards and behaviours we expect from our suppliers, including on climate and environment,

employees, human rights and anti-bribery and anti-corruption.

Our Statement of Compliance with the UN Principles of Responsible Investment further demonstrates our commitment to environmental,

social and governance factors.

1. Across Schroders, policies and statements of intent are in place to foster consistent governance on a range of issues. For the purposes of the non-financial information

statement, these include, but are not limited to, the policies and statements detailed in this report.

Non-financial and sustainability information statement

Schroders Annual Report and Accounts 2023

46:

Managing Director and Joint Chief Executive of ABN AMRO Rothschild.

He joined Goldman Sachs in 2000 and became a partner in 2002.

During his tenure, he led substantial businesses within the

Investment Banking Division. He left Goldman Sachs in 2016 to

become Co-Head of Global Banking at HSBC.

Matthew brings significant experience of global financial markets

after a distinguished career in investment banking.

• Director of MW&L

Capital Partners

• Chairman of the Board

of Trustees of the Imperial

War Museum

• Foundation Fellow of

Balliol College, Oxford

• Trustee of the UK Holocaust

Memorial Foundation

Graham Staples

Group Company Secretary

Graham was appointed Group Company Secretary in 2004. He

previously held senior company secretarial, compliance and business

development roles at NatWest, Barclays, TSB and Computershare.

Graham is responsible for the Group’s Governance framework and

is the principal adviser on all governance matters. He is also Chair of

Schroder Investment Management (Europe) S.A., the Group’s main

operating company in the EU.

Graham brings great experience in corporate governance and

company law.

• Director and Trustee of

Sherborne Girls School

Charitable Foundation

Composition of the Board at 28 February 2024

Board composition

Non-executive

Directors’ tenure

Board gender diversity

Board ethnic diversity

Executive Directors

15%

Non-independent

non-executive Directors

15%

Independent

non-executive Directors

70%

0–3 years

36%

3–6 years

36%

6–9 years

28%

Male

46%

Female

54%

White

85%

Ethnically diverse

15%

Schroders Annual Report and Accounts 2023

Strategic report

Shareholder information

Financial statements

53

Governance:

letter of the governance code, with suggestions that our

regulatory approach has stifled entrepreneurship and discouraged

companies from listing in London. We have seen steps of late to allow

companies more freedom in which to operate. Schroders broadly

welcomes these initiatives, both as a listed company and as a major

investor in UK companies. Comply or explain has been a foundation

of UK corporate governance and, taken seriously, with transparency,

should provide a framework for strong governance. For this to work,

companies must have the right culture. I have no doubt that we have

the right culture and our robust governance framework will enable us

to continue to focus on doing what is right for all our stakeholders over

the long term.

Dame Elizabeth Corley

Chair

28 February 2024

Dame Elizabeth Corley

Chair

54

Schroders Annual Report and Accounts 2023:

letter of appointment with a mutual notice period of six months. Shareholders may review letters of appointment and service contracts at the

Company’s registered office from the date of dispatch of the Notice of AGM on business days between 9am and 5pm. Additionally, these

documents are available for viewing at each AGM.

Further remuneration disclosures

The remuneration disclosures required under the Capital Requirements Directive are incorporated into the Group’s Pillar 3 disclosures and are

available at www.schroders.com/pillar3. Other regulatory remuneration disclosures can be found at www.schroders.com/rem-disclosures/

Evaluating the performance of the Committee

The annual evaluation of the Committee’s effectiveness was undertaken as part of the overall Board evaluation process which is described in

the Governance Report on page 63. The findings relating to the Committee were discussed with the Committee Chair. The overall conclusion of

the evaluation was that the Remuneration Committee was functioning effectively and had performed its duties diligently. The reporting to the

Board on the Committee’s discussions by the Chair of the Committee was felt to be comprehensive.

By order of the Board

Matthew Westerman

Chair of the Remuneration Committee

28 February 2024

Schroders Annual Report and Accounts 2023

Strategic report

Shareholder information

Financial statements

93

Governance:

