Message from the chairman

28

Chief executive officer’s report

34

Our investments

44

Corporate governance

46

How we are governed

50

Governance structure

52

Structure of the board and its committees

54

Board committees

69

Directors appointment procedure

60

Director duties, remuneration and performance

62

Risk, governance and internal control

64

Reporting with integrity

65

Audit

66

Relations with shareholders and other key stakeholders

68

Annual financial statements

70

Commentary of the directors

71

Statement of compliance

72

Certificate from the company secretary

73

Independent auditor’s report

76

Statement of financial position

77

Statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income

78

Statement of changes in equity

79

Statement of cash flows

80

Notes to the financial statements

102

Shareholder information

104

Corporate diary

105

Corporate information:

managing director

until his retirement in 2018 and sat on the

boards of various RMB Corvest investee

companies, and the boards of the subsidiary

companies making up the RMB Corvest Group

of companies.

Neil holds a Bachelor of Commerce and CAIB

(SA), Dip SAIM from Port Elizabeth Technikon,

South Africa.

MARC OOMS (72)

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE

DIRECTOR

Chairman of the investment committee

Nationality: Belgian

Marc was general partner of the Petercam

Group, a Benelux investment bank. He was

also the: managing director of Petercam

Belgium N.V. and chairman of Petercam Bank

Nederland. He retired from Petercam in 2011.

Today, Marc is a private equity investor and

independent board member. He is also involved

in real estate mainly in Germany and Poland.

He serves, inter alia, as a board member of the

following companies: Sea-Invest Corporation,

Luxembourg (the largest European stevedoring

group in bulk and fruit, also active in Africa);

BMT NV (gears, transmissions, aeronautics,

moulds for the glass industry); Greenyard NV

(world leader in distribution of fresh, frozen and

canned food, listed on Euronext); Baltisse and

Straco, two important Belgian family offices.

GARY SPELLINS (65)

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE

DIRECTOR

Message from the chairman

28

Chief executive officer’s report

34

Our investments:

MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN: Dear stakeholders,

The 2022/2023 year proved to be a far more

challenging operating environment than the previous

reporting period, which was defined by a rebound in

M&A activity thanks to low interest rates, favourable

debt terms and pent-up demand. In stark contrast this

year was marked by soaring food prices and energy

bills which drove inflation in our primary market, the

UK, to 11.1% in October 2022, a 41-year high.

Although inflation has since eased off, it is still

stubbornly high - CPI was 6.8% in the year to July 2023,

down from 7.9% in June 2023.

Rising inflation has contributed to the Bank of England

raising interest rates 14 consecutive times since

December 2021. The base interest rate stands at 5.25%

(as of August 2023), which directly impacts the cost and

availability of debt and ultimately impacts valuations.

The operating environment has proved challenging for

most companies, including some of our investment

companies. However, the one upside is that the cost of

acquisitions, a key part of the buy-and-build strategy

that enables some of our key investment companies to

meet their growth objectives, has come down as a

result of high interest rates, constrained cash flow and

lack of access to well priced debt.

Given where UPL is in its business cycle, we continued

to focus on supporting and building our existing

investments during this testing period. Our support

also extended to UPL investing more capital or

raising debt facilities for a number of our

investment companies.

OUR PERFORMANCE

To date, UPL has invested circa £100 million in six

investments, in seven years, across businesses in

healthcare, business services (human capital), financial

services, and manufacturing. We delivered our first

exit in August 2021, selling our stake in YASA at 3x

money multiple, generating a 33% IRR.

This year we reached a significant milestone for the

business, and the culmination of years of hard work,

when we partially exited Dentex in April 2023. UPL

invested in Dentex in April 2017, the year after it was

founded, when it owned three private dental

practices. With the support of UPL and other

shareholders, Dentex grew to become the second

largest private focused group in the UK dental market

with over 160 practices.

In August 2022, Portman Dental Care (Portman), the

largest private dental consolidator in the UK,

announced that it had acquired 100% of the ordinary

equity in Dentex for a combination of cash, loan

notes and equity in the merged business. The

transaction resulted in Universal Partners receiving

back 94% of its invested capital in Dentex in cash,

with the balance of its proceeds reinvested in one of

the largest dental consolidators in Europe. The

current fair value of Dentex in Universal Partners’

accounts is £59.6 million. The UPL exit proceeds

represent a 10% uplift on the current fair value of the

investment and at a value more than two times the

cash cost of the investment.

During the year we also invested a further £5 million

in Workwell to enable it to acquire two further

businesses as part of its buy-and-build strategy and

provided shareholder loan funding (£4.35 million) to

support the working capital of the Xcede Group.

“ WITH THE SUPPORT OF UPL AND

OTHER SHAREHOLDERS, DENTEX

GREW TO BECOME THE SECOND

LARGEST PRIVATE FOCUSED GROUP

IN THE UK DENTAL MARKET WITH

OVER 160 PRACTICES.”

