letter of

representation from your Central Securities Depository Participant (CSDP) or broker or

nominee (as the case may be); or

•

if you do not wish to attend the AGM but would like your vote to be recorded at the

meeting, you should contact your CSDP or broker or nominee (as the case may be)

and furnish them with your voting instructions; and

•

you must not complete the attached proxy form

Electronic Participation in the AGM

In accordance with the provisions of section 61(10) of the Companies Act, the Company

intends to make provision for shareholders and their proxies to participate in the AGM by way

of Microsoft Teams video conference call. Shareholders wishing to do so:

•

must contact the Company Secretary at +27 11 480 8500 (and speak to either Doris

Shabangu or Penny Byrne) by not later than 09:00 on Monday, 25 January 2021, to

obtain a password for the video conference call;

•

will be required to provide reasonably satisfactory identication;

•

will be billed separately by their own telephone service providers for the telephone

call to participate in the meeting.

•

Must lodge and have completed proxy form(s) in accordance with the attendance

and voting instructions detailed above. Please note that no changes to voting

instructions after this time and date can be accepted unless the Chairman of the

meeting is satised as to the identication of the electronic participant.

Purpose of the meeting

The purpose of the meeting is to present to the shareholders of the Company:

•

the group audited nancial statements for the nancial year ended 30 June 2020;

•

the directors’ report;

•

the report of the audit committee;

•

the report of the social and ethics committee; and

•

to deal with any other business that may lawfully be dealt with at the AGM, and to

consider and, if deemed t, to pass, with or without modication, the resolutions set

out below:

91:

letter of representation in terms

of the custody agreement entered into between the benecial owner and the CSDP or

broker.

2.

This proxy form will not be effective at the meeting unless it is lodged with the transfer

secretaries of the company, The Meeting Specialist Proprietary Limited, One Exchange

Square, Gwen Lane, Sandown, 2196 (PO Box 62043, Marshalltown, 2107, South Africa), to

be received no later than 09:00 on, Monday, 25 January 2021 or thereafter, handed to the

Chairman of the AGM prior to the shareholder exercising any rights of a shareholder at the

AGM.

3.

This proxy shall apply to all the ordinary shares registered in the name of shareholders at

the record date unless a lesser number of shares are inserted.

4.

A shareholder may appoint one person as his proxy by inserting the name of such proxy in

the space provided. Any such proxy need not be a shareholder of the company. If the

name of the proxy is not inserted, the chairman of the meeting will be appointed as proxy.

If more than one name is inserted, then the person whose name appears rst on the form

of proxy and who is present at the meeting will be entitled to act as proxy to the exclusion

of any persons whose names follow. The proxy appointed in this proxy form may delegate

the authority given to him in this proxy by delivering to the company, in the manner

required by these instructions, a further proxy form which has been completed in a manner

consistent with the authority given to the proxy of this proxy form.

5.

Unless revoked, the appointment of proxy in terms of this proxy form remains valid until the

end of the meeting even if the meeting or a part thereof is postponed or adjourned.

106:

Managing Director.

In 1998 the All Joy Foods business was listed on the Johannesburg Stock exchange and he served

as CEO, until October 2012. He has presented food sectorial for the DTI on many outward trade

missions and has been a key note speaker at several global and local conferences. In 2005 he

was a nalist at the entrepreneur of the year by Ernest & Young, and in 2006 he was formally

recognized at the opening of the Branson School of Entrepreneurship. Currently he is an Executive

Director of Ah-Vest Limited.

112:

