Managing Director of Lehumo

Women’s Investment Holdings, a women-owned investment

holding company. Prior to this she spent most of her career

working for the Tongaat Hulett Group and Deloitte. Phumla is

chairperson of the boards of the Tolcon Group and Gold Circle,

and is a Director of Spar.

LARRY RIDDLE (60)

BCom, BAcc (Hons), CA(SA)

Independent Non-executive Director

Audit Committee Chairman

Member of Agricultural and Risk Committees

Appointed to the Board: April 2019

Larry previously held the positions of

Commercial Director and Group Corporate

& External Affairs Director of Illovo Sugar

Africa. Larry also played a key role in looking

after the Illovo Joint Ventures and Associate

companies in the Group, including Gledhow

Sugar Company and Glendale Distilling

Company. He is a past chairman of the

South African Sugar Millers’ Association

and the Ethanol Producers’ Association

of South Africa.

GARY VAUGHAN-SMITH (56)

BSc, MPhil, FIA

Non-executive Director

Member of the Nominations Committee

Appointed to the Board: November 2012

Gary is Chief Investment Officer of

Silverstreet Capital, a London-based

investment management business focused

on the agricultural sector in Africa. He

previously worked at Gartmore Investment

and ABN AMRO, both based in London.

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Full CV’s can be found on our website at: www.cbl.co.za

THEMBI XABA (46)

MPhil, PhD

Independent Non-executive Director

Member of the Agricultural Committee

Appointed to the Board: April 2020

Thembi has more than 20 years’ experience

in the agricultural sector, focusing on

development finance, agribusiness

development, agricultural financing and deal

structuring. She is currently the CEO of the

Deciduous Fruit Development Chamber

(DFDC-SA). Prior to the DFDC-SA she held

senior positions at the National Treasury,

the Jobs Fund, Mpumalanga Department of

Agriculture, and Perishable Products Export

Control Board (PPECB) to list a few.

Our performance

Governance

Our operating environment

Shareholder information

Summarised consolidated

financial statements

About us:

Managing Director of Crookes

Brothers South Africa, the Group Financial Manager, Group Chief

Operating Officer and Group Human Resources Executive attend

meetings by invitation. The committee is required to meet at least

twice a year.

ROLE:

A charter governs the committee with a formal risk policy and

strategy document guiding its responsibilities and activities.

The primary objective of the committee is to assist the Board

and the Audit Committee to fulfil their corporate governance

responsibilities relating to the management of risk in the Group.

Their role is to oversee the identification of risks, ensure the

development of policies, procedures and controls, evaluate

risk mitigation strategies, promote effective and efficient risk

management practices and provide appropriate advice on risk

issues to facilitate decision-making by the Board.

There is an ongoing process for identifying, evaluating and

managing the strategic risks faced by the Group. These are

subject to review and discussion at both Risk Committee and

Board meetings.

SOCIAL AND ETHICS COMMITTEE

The Social and Ethics Committee is a statutory committee in terms

of the Companies Act.

MEMBERSHIP:

Director

Qualifications

Designation

Appointed

Phumla Mnganga*

BA, BEd, MBL.

PhD

Independent

non-executive

Aug 2011

Richard Chance

BALLB, CSEP

(Columbia)

Independent

non-executive

Feb 2016

Kennett Sinclair

BAcc, BAcc

(Hons), CA(SA),

CFA

Executive

Aug 2019

Guy Clarke1

MSc (Eng),

MBA, Adv Tax

Cert

Executive

Aug 2011

Greg Veale

Bcompt, Bcom

(Hons), CA(SA) Executive

Feb 2016

* Chairman

1 Guy Clarke retired on 31 July 2019.

TERMS OF REFERENCE:

The Social and Ethics Committee has adopted formal terms

of reference in the form of a charter, approved by the Board of

Directors.

COMPOSITION AND PROCEEDINGS:

The committee consists of two Non-executive Directors, one of

whom chairs the meetings, the Group Chief Executive Officer and

the Group Financial Director. The: Managing Director of Crookes

Brothers South Africa, the Group Human Resources Executive and

Group ESG Manager attend meetings by invitation. The committee

is required to meet at least twice a year.

PRIMARY OBJECTIVE AND ROLE:

The primary objective of the committee is to assist the Board to

fulfil its corporate governance responsibilities relating to social

and economic development, good corporate citizenship,

the environment, health and public safety, consumer relations,

labour and employment.

The committee’s role is to monitor the Group’s activities with

regard to these issues, to draw matters within its mandate to the

attention of the Board and to report to shareholders at the Annual

General Meeting.

COMMITTEE ACTIVITIES:

During the period under review the committee, in line with its

corporate governance responsibilities, reviewed the committee

charter and annual work plan, conducted a self-assessment of the

committee’s performance, reviewed the appropriateness of the

expertise and experience of committee members and updated the

social and ethics committee resource pack. It also reviewed and

updated the Group’s code of ethics and professional management

practices documents.

The committee continues to monitor compliance with relevant

legislation and regulations as well as with the Group’s code

of ethics. In addition, the committee approved the Group’s

corporate social responsibility policy and CSI budget, reviewed the

employment equity report, reviewed the health and safety incident

report, reviewed and considered the Group’s annual ESG report,

as provided by an independent consultant, noted the Group’s

talent management and employee development reports, and

monitored the employee housing strategy plan.

In the coming year the committee will continue to focus on

ensuring further progress towards compliance with internationally

recognised governance standards, as embodied in guidelines

provided by the International Finance Corporation (IFC), the

International Labour Organisation (ILO) and the Organisation for

Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD).

CODES OF BEST PRACTICE:

The Group is committed to the principles of integrity, accountability

and transparency. The implementation of sound corporate

governance practices has been an integral part of the Group’s

business operations for many years. The Board has continued

to provide effective leadership based on an ethical foundation as

articulated in the Code of Business Ethics.

ASSURANCE:

Based on the processes in place, assurances obtained and

information reported it is our opinion that the Social and Ethics

Committee has executed its duties and responsibilities in

accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act and its

terms of reference.

Phumla Mnganga

Social and Ethics Committee

Managing Director may discuss matters which may involve

price-sensitive information with third parties, within appropriately

regulated confidentiality undertakings.

Directors and officers of the Group who have access to

unpublished and price-sensitive information are prohibited from

dealing in shares of the Company during restricted periods,

covering those immediately prior to the announcement of the

interim and final results, whilst the Company is under a cautionary

announcement, as well as at any other time the Directors may

deem it necessary.

Directors and the Company Secretary may not deal in the

Company’s shares without advising the chairman in advance and

after receiving clearance from him. Officers of the Company may

not deal in the Company’s shares without advising the Managing

Director in advance and after receiving clearance from him. Share

dealings by Directors of the Company are notified to the JSE for

publication via the Stock Exchange News Services (SENS).

ACCESS TO INFORMATION

The Group complies with the requirements of the Promotion

of Access to Information Act, 2000. The relevant information is

available on application from the Group head office. No request for

access to records was received during the year under review.

ATTENDANCE AT BOARD AND COMMITTEE MEETINGS 2020/21

Board

Audit

Risk

Rem

Nom

S&E

Agri

Independent Non-executive Directors

MT Rutherford

Chairman and Nomination Committee Chair

5/5

2/2

3/3

3/3

T Abdool-Samad1

1/5

0/2

P Mnganga

Remuneration and Social and Ethics Committee Chair

5/5

3/3

3/3

2/2

RGF Chance

Risk Committee Chair

5/5

2/2

2/2

3/3

3/3

2/2

3/3

LW Riddle2

Audit Committee Chair

5/5

2/2

2/2

3/3

Non-executive Directors

TJ Crookes

5/5

2/2

3/3

TK Denton

Agricultural Committee Chair

5/5

2/2

3/3

G Vaughan-Smith

5/5

3/3

Executive Directors

GS Clarke3

Group: Managing Director

2/5

2/2

1/2

KA Sinclair4

Group Chief Executive Officer

3/5

2/2

1/2

3/3

GL Veale

Group Financial Director

5/5

2/2

2/2

1 Resigned 25 April 2019.

2 Appointed 25 April 2019.

3 Retired 31 July 2019.

4 Appointed 1 August 2019.

JSE SPONSOR

Sasfin Capital, a division of Sasfin Bank Limited, is mandated

to act as the Group’s sponsor. Sasfin provides an annual audit

programme checklist to assist compliance with the continuing

obligations and other applicable rules and regulations imposed by

the JSE Listings Requirements.

INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY (IT)

The Board has assigned the responsibility of monitoring IT

governance to the Risk Committee and has adopted the practices

under Principle 12 of King IV recommendations.

INTERNAL AUDIT

A formal charter approved by the Audit Committee, defines the

scope and responsibilities of internal audit. The annual internal

audit plan, approved by the Audit Committee, is risk-based.

The department acts as an independent appraisal function, which

conducts reviews of operations and management procedures.

It reports findings and recommendations to management, the

Audit Committee and the Risk Committee.

The head of internal audit reports administratively to the Group

Financial Director and functionally to the

Managing Director of the joint venture company.

• A major part of the group’s 2 500 ha Komati Estate, which was

sold to government in 2010 and leased back on a

10 year lease, was transferred to the neighbouring Mawewe

community. After engagement with the community it was

agreed to convert the Group’s rights in terms of the balance

of the lease into a 20 year joint venture (Mawecro Farming)

with the community from 1 April 2016. While this arrangement

resulted in a short-term reduction of profits for the Group, it

offers significant long-term economic benefits and will position

the Group as a major player in the agricultural transformation

arena. Approximately 1 000 households have benefited

directly through dividends, rental payments and preferential

employment opportunities in the Mawecro operation.

Discussions with the Mawewe community are at an advanced

stage for the joint venture to lease an additional 1 220 ha of

farmland from the community.

• A similar structure has been implemented at the 42 ha

Belleview deciduous fruit farm previously owned by the Group,

where we have established a joint venture with ex-employees.

• We have concluded a memorandum of understanding with the

neighbouring Cele community to involve them as partners and

shareholders in the Renishaw property development project.

• We are participants in a farming venture established by the

Two-A-Day Group, which packs and markets the Group’s

deciduous production, in which our deciduous division

employees, together with employees from other member

growers, will own a major shareholding.

We continually seek opportunities to establish viable businesses

with community partners as an effective transformation

mechanism. We pride ourselves on the success of these ventures

and believe that with the right government support we can play a

far wider role in this arena.

In support of the transfer of viable agricultural land to black

people, in the last financial year, we sold two more farms in the

Mpumalanga province to a black-owned company, in two separate

transactions which both had elements of vendor financing by the

Group.

Employment equity is a further focus area in terms of the Group’s

transformation activities. We strive to increase representivity in

management through the implementation of affirmative action

employment policies, supplemented by well-established training

and mentorship programmes.

We follow similar policies in the other Southern African countries

in which the group operates to increase the involvement of the

indigenous populations in the agricultural sector and ensure

that the benefits derived from agriculture are shared with local

communities.

BLACK ECONOMIC EMPOWERMENT

With slightly more than half of our operating footprint based in

South Africa, our business’s transformation objectives are aligned

with the people and government of South Africa’s strive to

create an equitable society. As such, we view the advancement

of B-BBEE as a key driver of economic and social inclusivity.

Crookes Brothers South Africa (Pty) Ltd embarked on a verification

exercise, incorporating its subsidiaries Mawecro Farming (Pty) Ltd

and Mthayiza Farming (Pty) Ltd. The verification was completed in

October 2019, with the Company achieving a highly commendable

score of 96.62 and which gives the company Level 2 B-BBEE

contributor status.

The importance of achieving the best possible accreditation

cannot be over emphasised in a sector facing increasing land

pressures and competing demands for vital water resources.

The Level 2 accreditation is quite pleasing considering that the

evaluation was conducted under the revised and substantially

more demanding codes of good practice.

An overview of the Group’s progress towards compliance is

outlined in the following table:

2019

2017

Weighting

under

revised

codes

CBSA

Score

amended

AgriBEE

Codes

CBL

Score

old

AgriBEE

Codes

Ownership

25

25.00

25.00

Management control

19

8.04

5.76

Employment equity

6.52

Skills development

20

15.31

5.91

Procurement

11.13

Enterprise and supplier

development

40

33.27

10.00

Socio-economic development

15

15.00

11.00

Total score

96.62

75.32

Level

2

3

Discounted

Level 2

Level 3

While the Group’s B-BBEE scorecard improved significantly

across all elements, it is important to note that our score for

Management Control remains very low. The business faces a

number of challenges with improving Management Control. There

is a limited external talent pool within the agricultural sector and

the Group has a low staff turnover with a fairly flat structure at the

higher levels. This makes progress at these levels challenging,

however where positions become vacant we focus on employing

competent people from the relevant designated groups. More

effort will have to be placed towards improving this element.

The business will also focus on up-skilling employees from

designated Group’s in the skilled and semi-skilled levels as well as

on up-skilling females and the disabled.

The ownership full score continues to be driven by the land

sales between the period of 2008 and 2012 of a significant

portion of the Group’s South African assets to the government or

communities for purposes of transformation and land reform.

The Group has partnerships with various communities which

continue to yield direct benefits to community families. The

incorporation of Mawecro Farming and Mthayiza Farming as

subsidiaries has boosted the Enterprise & Supplier Development

score due to the large payments of rentals for farmland flowing

from these companies to black suppliers (Mawewe CPA and

Libuyile Community Trust). The formation of these successful

partnerships is believed to present a benchmark for successful

empowerment in the sector.

Our goal is to become a leader in transformation in the agricultural

sector through developing successful and sustainable partnerships

with previously disadvantaged communities. Therefore, we will

strive to continue implementing measures that will aid in achieving

improved outcomes under the revised codes.

RURAL ECONOMIES

As a major employer and often community business partner in the

various regions in which we operate, Crookes Brothers plays an

increasingly significant economic role in rural communities in

South Africa, eSwatini, Zambia and Mozambique. We proactively

support the socio-economic transformation of the communities in

which we operate.

CROOKES BROTHERS LIMITED Integrated Report 2020

65

CROOKES BROTHERS LIMITED Integrated Report 2020

64

Our performance

Governance

Our operating environment

Shareholder information

Summarised consolidated

financial statements

About us:

letter of representation from their CSDP or broker to

participate in and/or vote at the AGM electronically.

In terms of section 63(1) of the Companies Act, any person participating in the AGM must present reasonably satisfactory

identification and the person presiding at the AGM must be reasonably satisfied that the right of any person to participate in and

vote (whether as a shareholder or as a representative or proxy for a shareholder) has been reasonably verified. Shareholders of the

Company who wish to participate in the AGM electronically should provide such identification when making written application to

so participate.

AGENDA

PRESENTATION OF ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

To present the Audited Annual Financial Statements of the Company, including the reports of the Directors, Audit Committee, Social and

Ethics Committee and auditors for the year ended 31 March 2020.

The Summarised Consolidated Financial Statements are included in the Integrated Report, while the full set of Audited Annual Financial

Statements is available on the Company’s website at www.cbl.co.za.

To consider and, if deemed fit, approve, with or without modification, the following ordinary resolutions:

Note: For any of the ordinary resolutions numbers 1 to 4 to be adopted, 50% plus one vote of the voting rights exercised on each such

ordinary resolution must be exercised in favour thereof.

1. ORDINARY RESOLUTION NUMBER 1: RE-APPOINTMENT OF EXTERNAL AUDITORS

“Resolved to authorise the Company to re-appoint, on the recommendation of the Audit Committee of the Company, the external

auditors, Deloitte & Touche.”

The reason for this ordinary resolution is that the Company, being a public listed company, must have its financial results audited by an

auditor and such auditor must be appointed or re-appointed, as the case may be, each year at the AGM of the Company.:

letter of representation. Alternatively, they should provide the CSDP or

broker with their voting instructions in terms of the relevant custody agreement entered into between them and the CSDP or broker.

If they wish to attend, speak and vote at the AGM by means of electronic participation, they must ensure that their letters of representation

from their CSDP or broker reach the transfer secretaries of the Company (acting on behalf of the Company), at Rosebank Towers,

15 Biermann Avenue, Rosebank, 2196, South Africa, at any time prior to the commencement of the AGM but by not later than 10:00

on Wednesday, 26 August 2020, or are posted to the transfer secretaries (acting on behalf of the Company), at Private Bag X9000,

Saxonwold, 2132, South Africa or emailed to proxy@computershare.co.za to be received by them at any time prior to the commencement

of the AGM but by not later than 10:00 on Wednesday, 26 August 2020; The electronic communication employed will enable all persons

participating in that meeting to communicate concurrently with one another without an intermediary and to participate reasonably effectively

in the meeting. Voting of shares will be possible via electronic communication. Once the meeting has commenced, participants will be able

to vote via the voting link to be provided during the meeting.

PROXIES

The instrument appointing a proxy and the authority (if any) under which it is signed must reach the transfer secretaries (acting on behalf of

the Company) at any time prior to the commencement of the AGM but by no later than 10:00 on Wednesday, 26 August 2020.

On a poll, shareholders will have one vote in respect of each share held.

In terms of section 58 of the Companies Act, shareholders have rights to be represented by proxy as herewith stated. An extract of section

58 of the Companies Act is included in the form of proxy.:

letter of representation from their CSDP or broker

to participate in and/or vote at the AGM by way of electronic means.

Shareholders will be liable for their own network charges in relation to electronic participation in and/or voting at the AGM and it will not be

for the expense of the Company, the transfer secretaries or the JSE. Neither the company, the transfer secretaries nor the JSE will be held

accountable in the case of loss of network connectivity or network failure due to insufficient airtime/internet connectivity/power outages

which would prevent a shareholder from participating in and/or voting at the AGM electronically. Accordingly, a shareholder, participating

in and/or voting at the AGM by means of electronic participation, acknowledges that he/she will have no claim against the Company, the

transfer secretaries and the JSE, whether for consequential damages or otherwise, arising from the use of the electronic platform or any

defect in it or from total or partial failure of the electronic platform and connections linking the shareholder via the electronic platform

to the AGM.

By order of the Board

Ziyanda Ngwenya

Company Secretary

25 June 2020

SALIENT DATES

Record date to receive the Notice of the Annual General Meeting

Friday, 17 July 2020

Date of posting the Notice of Annual General Meeting

Wednesday, 29 July 2020

Last date to trade to be eligible to vote

Tuesday 18 August 2020

Record date to be eligible to attend, participate and vote at the Annual General Meeting

Friday, 21 August 2020

For administrative purposes, preferable date by which forms of proxy for the Annual General Meeting

are requested to be lodged, by 10:00 on

Wednesday, 26 August 2020

Annual General Meeting at 10:00

Friday, 28 August 2020

Results of Annual General Meeting published on SENS on

Friday, 28 August 2020

CROOKES BROTHERS LIMITED

Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa

Registration number 1913/000290/06

Share code: CKS

ISIN: ZAE000001434

(“Crookes Brothers” or “the Company”)

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

For use only by certificated shareholders, own name registered dematerialised shareholders, Central Securities Depository Participants’

(“CSDP”) nominee companies and brokers’ nominee companies at the Annual General Meeting of shareholders to be held at 10:00 on Friday,

28 August 2020, to be conducted entirely through electronic participation.

Dematerialised shareholders other than by own name registration, must not complete this form of proxy and must provide their CSDP or broker

with their voting instructions, or alternatively, should they wish to attend the Annual General Meeting themselves, they may request the CSDP

or broker to provide them with a: letter of representation in terms of the custody agreement entered into between such shareholders and their

CSDP or broker.

I/We

(block capitals)

of

(address)

being a member(s) of the above named Company and entitled to vote, do hereby appoint:

of

or failing him/her

of

or failing him/her

the chairman of the Annual General Meeting as my/our proxy to vote for me/us and on my/our behalf at the Annual General Meeting of the

company to be held on Friday, 28 August 2020, or at any adjournment thereof.

I/We hereby direct that my/our proxy shall exercise his/her discretion as to the manner in which he/she votes, except as indicated below.

Mark with X where

applicable

Agenda Item

For

Against Abstain

1.

Re-appointment of external auditors

2.1.1

Re-election of Non-executive

letter of representation from

their CSDP or broker to participate in and/or vote at the AGM by way of electronic means.

APPLICATION FORM: ELECTRONIC PARTICIPATION IN THE AGM

Full name of shareholder:

Identity/registration number:

Email address:

Cell number:

Telephone number: (code):

(number):

Number of ordinary shares in the company:

Name of CSDP or broker

(if shares are held in dematerialised form):

Contact number of CSDP/broker:

Contact person of CSDP/broker:

Number of share certificate

(if applicable):

Signed at

on

2020

Signature of shareholder

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PARTICIPATION IN THE AGM VIA ELECTRONIC MEANS

1.

Shareholders will be liable for their own network charges in relation to electronic participation in and/or voting at the AGM and it will not be for the expense

of the company, the transfer secretaries or the JSE. Neither the Company, the transfer secretaries nor the JSE will be held accountable in the case of loss of

network connectivity or network failure due to insufficient airtime/internet connectivity/power outages which would prevent a shareholder from participating in

and/or voting at the AGM electronically.

2.

The shareholder acknowledges that the electronic platform through which the AGM will be facilitated is provided by third parties and indemnifies the Company

against any loss, injury, damage, penalty or claim arising in any way from the use of the electronic platform, whether or not the problem is caused by any act

or omission on the part of the shareholder or anyone else.

3.

A shareholder, participating in and/or voting at the AGM by means of electronic participation, acknowledges by signing this application form, that he/she

will have no claim against the company, the transfer secretaries and the JSE, whether for consequential damages or otherwise, arising from the use of the

electronic platform or any defect in it or from total or partial failure of the electronic platform and connections linking the shareholder via the electronic platform

to the AGM.

4.

An application to participate in the AGM electronically, utilising this application form, will only be deemed successful if this application form, along with

the submission of the necessary: letter of representation (if applicable), has been completed fully, signed by the shareholder and submitted to the transfer

secretaries of the Company as detailed above, prior to the commencement of the AGM and such shareholder is verified (as required in terms of section 63(1)

of the Companies Act).

FORM OF PROXY CONTINUED

NOTES

