letter: Dear Shareholders and other Stakeholders

This is the remuneration report of Curro Holdings Limited, which includes the remuneration policy and the implementation

report. The provisions of King IV (read with the JSE Listings Requirements) require that these two documents be submitted

for non-binding advisory votes at the annual general meeting (‘AGM’) of shareholders.

The remuneration and nominations committee of Curro Holdings Limited ('remcom') fulfils the role of governing

remuneration-related matters, as delegated to it by the board of directors. The remcom consisted of KK Combi (independent

non-executive director and chairperson of the remcom until his resignation as director on 30 November 2020), Santie

Botha (independent non-executive chairperson of the board), Piet Mouton (non-executive director) and Themba Baloyi

(independent non-executive director since 1 November 2020 and chairperson of remcom from 30 November 2020).

The CEO, Andries Greyling, and the CFO, Bernardt van der Linde up to 31 December 2020 and Cobus Loubser from

1 January 2021, attend meetings of the remcom by invitation, as and when required. The CEO and CFO recuse themselves

from the meeting when a conflict of interest arises or when they are requested to do so. Curro’s company secretary in an

acting capacity, Ruan Botha, is also the secretary of the committee.

The remcom is governed by its charter, which is reviewed annually by the committee and the board of directors. The

committee has met twice for the financial year ending 31 December 2020, and has fulfilled its responsibilities as set out in

its charter and as further described in the remuneration policy.

At the Curro AGM held on 1 July 2020, the remuneration policy received an 87.11% vote in favour thereof (with 12.89%

against), and the implementation report received a 90.80% vote in favour thereof (with 9.20% against). As the non-binding

advisory votes were passed by the requisite majorities, no further engagement with shareholders was required.

Curro believes that ensuring the alignment of Curro’s remuneration philosophy with the interests of other stakeholders

will ensure sustainable growth to the benefit of all parties. Curro aims to reward its employees fairly through competitive

remuneration in order to ensure that it retains and attracts high-calibre employees. Some of the factors influencing the

remuneration policy include:

1) The business strategy, including the short- and long-term goals and objectives of the company.

2) An aspiration to adequately reward value that has been created, contributions made and performance.

3) Appropriate remuneration benchmarks are applied by considering remuneration trends in both the public and private-

education sectors, as well as in other comparable industries with similar attributes.

4) The financial position and outlook for the company in the context of the broader economy.

5) Remaining cognisant of the level of school-fee increases in relation to salary increases.

6) The pay gap between executives and the rest of the employees of the company.

Since listing ten years ago Curro has made significant progress in building the premier and largest ‘for profit’ private school

business in South Africa. From a remcom perspective we know that management have largely been successful in executing

their mandate to organically build the business of significant scale. However, the Long-term Incentive ('LTI') scheme has not

successfully achieved the key principle that great management should be rewarded and in time become co-owners in the

business. A strong culture of accountable co-ownership drives long-term thinking with consistent high performance and is

a retention mechanism of great quality management.

The shortcomings of the LTI scheme is a combination of a couple of issues, the most notable was the steep increase in the

share price post listing and then the steady decline to current levels. The issue was further compounded by the fact that

Curro provided loans to assist management to pay the strike price and the applicable income tax on vesting dates. The

intention was good, but the outcome did not meet the intention. The effect of these two issues was that management lost

out on the value they had created within the company on options that have vested in the past and the existing unvested

options were also out of the money, given that the options are fully-priced options.

We acknowledge that this is not a unique position in corporate South Africa. However, shareholders have entrusted

significant capital to management, even more so after the latest rights issue, and it is key that the remcom ensures that

the alignment between management and shareholders is optimally structured and served by effective LTI schemes that

rewards management for performance and retains scarce skills and experience.

The remcom embarked on a process to engage with various stakeholders and taking cognisance of the latest views on LTI

schemes. As a result, it resolved to reduce the use of the current LTI ('Old LTI') by amending the Old LTI and decreasing

the number of shares utilised by the Old LTI and adopt a new LTI ('New LTI') incorporating the key principles set out below

with the aim of addressing the issues identified by the remcom.

The proposed New LTI will, subject to being adopted, primarily be used for executives and key managers. The

proposed New LTI differs from the Old LTI in the following key respects:

I) whereas the Old LTI is a 'fully-priced options' scheme, the New LTI is a 'nil-priced option' scheme, this mitigates

the risk that participants in the New LTI scheme are prejudiced by market volatility in the share price beyond

their control;

II) the New LTI provides for revised and new performance conditions;

III) the New LTI implements a new basis of determining the number of options available to be allocated on an

annual basis;

IV) the New LTI significantly reduces the number of people who qualify for options under the New LTI;

V) the New LTI requires that the vesting of a portion of future options be subject to participants retaining a

minimum level of previously vested options; and

VI) the New LTI includes malus and clawback provisions [to align the scheme with market-related practices].

The changes proposed above, being the adoption of a New LTI scheme and reducing options available under the

Old LTI scheme by amending the Old LTI scheme, is subject to the approval of at least 75% of shareholders at a

shareholders meeting. Accordingly, this will be voted on at Curro’s next AGM, to be held on 22 June 2021, before

it can be implemented.

Furthermore in accordance with its charter, the remcom made the following additional key decisions during 2020:

a) Determined the key performance indicators of the short-term incentives ('STIs') for the 2021 financial year;

b) Reviewed performance against the 2020 key performance areas and approved STIs for executive directors and

exco members;

c) Reviewed and approved salary increases for the executive directors, exco members and the acting company

secretary;

d) Reviewed non-executive directors’ fees for submission to the shareholders at the AGM;

e) Reviewed the composition of the board and board committees and made recommendations for changes

thereto to the board for approval;

f) Reviewed the succession plan for key management; and

g) Reviewed the committee’s charter.

Refer to the corporate governance report on pages 74 to 82 for more details on the committee’s functioning.

The remcom has confidence that:

• It was objective and independent when it reviewed the remuneration policy;

• The policy approved in 2020 achieved its stated objectives;

• The committee remained objective and independent when it approved the remuneration of executives and the

rest of the company as a whole; and

• The company's independent advisers were independent and objective in the services they rendered during the

year under review.

The focus areas for 2021 include:

• Continuing to implement best-practice protocols in accordance with principles set out in this policy.

• Implement the performance conditions determined to be appropriate for the LTI scheme and Curro’s business

model.

The committee trusts that the Curro remuneration policy and implementation report supports the long-term

business strategy of the company and recommends that shareholders support the resolutions of the 2021 AGM.

Themba Baloyi

Chairperson: Remuneration and Nominations Committee

ACCOUNTABILITY | Curro Holdings Ltd annual integrated report 2020 | 85

ACCOUNTABILITY

84 | Curro Holdings Ltd annual integrated report 2020 | ACCOUNTABILITY

3.8 Remuneration reports

letter, the company intends to change the LTI scheme during 2021. Curro will

have two schemes in place going forward. For ease of reference, we will refer to the previous scheme as the Old LTI scheme

and the newly implemented incentive scheme will be referred to as the New LTI scheme.

Curro knows that the retention of key skills in the group is important for the sustainability of the group and that LTIs assist

in doing so. Furthermore, LTIs align the interests of participants with the medium- to long-term strategic objectives of the

company. At the same time, they illustrate Curro’s commitment and loyalty towards the participants.

Curro’s LTIs consist of two share option schemes. A key feature of Curro’s current share option scheme is that participants

will only benefit if there is long-term share price appreciation, which should ultimately depend on sustained growth in

headline earnings per share as a result of Curro’s business and management activities.

All management who qualify to partake in the New LTI scheme have waived their rights in terms of the Old LTI scheme

should the New LTI scheme be approved by shareholders. However, there are employees who will not be eligible to

receive options under the New LTI scheme and they will continue to hold options in terms of the old LTI scheme and same

would remain in place until the Old LTI scheme then comes to an end in September 2024, whereafter the Old LTI scheme

will be terminated.

6.1 The Old LTI scheme

6.1.1 Background

The Curro shareholders approved the share option scheme rules that govern a range of principles such as share option

awards, eligibility criteria to be a participant, vesting rules, and, for example, how to deal with circumstances when an

employee retires, is retrenched or in the case of their death. The shareholders approved certain changes to the rules of the

share option scheme at the 2018 AGM that:

a) Allow the board to determine and set performance measures that will apply to the vesting of options awarded in terms

of the share incentive scheme.

b) Allow the company to settle exercised options on a net equity basis, by way of cash payments, or through the issue and

allotment of ordinary shares in the company.

c) Grant the board the discretion to determine that options that have been awarded by the company will lapse, where the

board determines, in its sole discretion, that the participant is guilty of misconduct or poor performance.

d) Increase the required loan cover ratio applicable to loans made by the company to participants in the share incentive

scheme from 130% to 200%. Going forward no new loan funding will be made available, and all options will be net

equity settled, i.e. they will be settled after deducting the strike price and the employee income tax (PAYE).

#Learners2Leaders: Curro Foreshore

6.1.2 Awards

Share options are awarded annually at the discretion of the remcom. The number of share options to be awarded

is calculated on the basis of the respective employees’ base salary and a multiple of between one time and

seven times applied thereto, depending on the employee’s seniority and level of responsibility assumed in the

organisation, and subject to their performance. In determining the top-up calculations for the annual share option

award, the value of unvested past share option awards is taken into account.

The total consolidated number of options to be awarded annually is a matter to be decided and approved by the

remcom. The remcom is responsible for approving the annual awards for specific participants (executive directors,

exco, company secretary, executive heads, heads of departments and heads of primary and high schools). The

approval of share option awards for other senior managers/middle managers/junior managers who qualify for

participation in the share option scheme is delegated to the CEO, CFO and company secretary by the remcom.

This approval occurs subject to these awards being within the factor ranges that the remcom has set and the

remcom being notified once awards have been made.

6.1.3 Vesting

Options vest in 25% tranches on the second, third, fourth and fifth anniversaries of the award date.

Awards made before 2019:

There are no vesting conditions for options issued before 2019.

Awards made in 2019:

Awards made in 2019 were subject to achieving a minimum EBIT margin as a vesting condition, as set out below:

Vesting date

Sep 2022

Sep 2023

Sep 2024

Sep 2025

Financial year

2019

2021

2022

2023

2024

EBIT margin*

17.2%

20.5%

21.0%

21.5%

22.0%

* Significant acquisitions might be excluded from this measure.

In addition, shares awarded to employees up to 2019 were at the market options, so without share price appreciation,

which will only coincide with long-term value creation, management will derive no benefit from the LTI.

6.1.4 Loan funding

Until 2017, Curro provided loans to assist management to pay the strike price and the applicable income tax

on vesting dates, as permitted by the share incentive trust deed. Subsequently, no new loan funding was made

available and all options are to be net equity settled. At 31 December 2020 the remaining loan balance was

R0.3 million (2019: R9 million).

6.1.5 Forfeiture of unvested shares

The executive directors and other executives agreed to forfeit all of their 4 038 250 remaining unvested share

options awarded in terms of the Old LTI, subject to the New LTI being approved by shareholders and implemented,

with new awards made in terms thereof.

6.2 The New LTI scheme

6.2.1 Introduction

The proposed New LTI scheme are nil-paid options, which means that there is no strike price, and the current

market price has no impact on the number of nil-paid options allocated to key executive management.

6.2.2 Awards

Every year a fixed number of options will be made available to only the key executive management of Curro and

selected other individuals who are regarded as potential candidates for succession planning of key executive

management. The allocation of options will be a process between the key executive management and the remcom.

The number of nil-paid options which will be allocated on or about 30 June 2021 is 0.833% of the number of shares

in issue at the date. The number of shares made available in each of the following years will be reduced gradually so

that, over the long term and subject to the shares in issue, the figure reaches 0.5%, when it will be fixed.

It is the intention of the remcom and the board to repurchase such number of shares in the future for vested

awards to ensure there is limited or no dilution for shareholders given the vesting of options. Market conditions will

naturally be taken into account in this regard.

ACCOUNTABILITY | Curro Holdings Ltd annual integrated report 2020 | 91

ACCOUNTABILITY

90 | Curro Holdings Ltd annual integrated report 2020 | ACCOUNTABILITY

3.8 Remuneration reports:

