managing director.

Hennie commenced his

services with Pioneer

Foods as the human

resources manager for

Bokomo in 1996 and was

later appointed as general

manager for the Sasko

Grain Business. He has

been in the fast-moving

consumer goods (“FMCG”)

industry for over 22 years.

MARISHA OCTAVIA

GIBBONS (29)

Company secretary

and legal advisor

Marisha has been with

Quantum Foods since

17 May 2018.

Qualiﬁ cations

LLB

Company secretary

Marisha joined Quantum

Foods in May 2018 from

Parmalat SA (Pty) Ltd,

where she practised as a

legal advisor for two years.

She completed her articles

at ENSafrica (Stellenbosch)

in the corporate commercial

department. She has six

years’ experience in the

legal and compliance

environment.

ANDRÉ HUGO

MULLER (50)

Chief ﬁ nancial ofﬁ cer

André was appointed to the

Board on 27 January 2014.

Qualiﬁ cations

CA(SA)

Quantum Foods

Board and committee

membership

Executive director – Group

ﬁ nancial director.

André joined Quantum

Foods in 2003, while it was

still a division of Pioneer

Foods. He started at Nulaid

as a ﬁ nancial manager and

was later appointed as the

farming operations manager

for Nulaid, a position he held

for four years. André spent

a year as the national sales

and marketing manager

for Tydstroom before being

appointed as head of ﬁ nance

for Quantum Foods in 2012.

QUANTUM FOODS | INTEGRATED REPORT 2020

REPORT FROM LEADERSHIP

45

44:

Letter from the chairman of the

Remco to shareholders: Dear shareholders

This report summarises the remuneration policy that will

apply to employees of Quantum Foods and its subsidiaries

in 2021. It also highlights the activities of Quantum

Foods’ Remco and addresses the outcomes of the

implementation of the 2020 remuneration policy.

Group proﬁtability achieved in 2020 was the third

highest recorded in Quantum Foods’ history, despite

headline earnings decreasing by 17.5% year on year. As

a provider of essential services, the Group’s operations

were largely unaffected by COVID-19, and the egg

business, in particular, beneﬁted from increased demand

in the lockdown period. All employees received their full

guaranteed pay despite the COVID-19 lockdown period.

2020 earnings were supported by improved proﬁtability

from the feeds and farming business, which partially offset

decreased proﬁtability from the eggs and other African

businesses. The Group’s feed and farming business

beneﬁted from increased volumes, while proﬁtability of

the egg business was lower due to an increase in the

Topic

Progress and actions arising

Equal pay for work of

equal value

The Remco reviewed the results of an equal pay for work of equal value exercise and

reviewed salary bands to ensure that these are market related. Subsequent to the salary

band review, the Company adjusted the remuneration of some employees, where relevant,

to ensure that these are market related. This will remain an area of focus for the Remco to

ensure employees are remunerated fairly and any differentiation is justiﬁed.

Remuneration policy

regarding malus and

clawback

In 2019, the Remco was engaged by a shareholder who suggested the inclusion of malus

and clawback provisions in the remuneration policy and SAR Plan rules. The Remco and

the Board reviewed and approved changes to the remuneration policy and SAR Plan. The

changes detail the circumstances (“trigger events”, which are listed in part 2 of this report)

under which the beneﬁt accruing to a participant of the STI or LTI can be forfeited or clawed

back (if already transferred to participants).

These changes were presented to shareholders and approved at the February 2020 AGM.

Proposing an amendment

to the charter and

workplan of the

committee to the Board

The Remco charter and workplan was amended by the Board to reduce the overlap

between the Remco and SEC responsibilities. Following the change, the Remco focusses

on aspects relating to remuneration while the SEC’s responsibilities were expanded to

include the other areas relating to human capital management.

In implementing the remuneration policy, the Remco considered the advice of remuneration consultants. These consultants

satisﬁed the Remco’s requirements for independence and objectivity.

At the 2019 AGM held on 21 February 2020:

Remuneration report

cost of production and lower egg selling prices compared

to 2019. Earnings from the other African businesses were

negatively impacted by much lower demand for day-old

chicks due to COVID-19 restrictions imposed in Uganda

and Zambia and also due to the extremely high cost of

maize in those two countries during the year.

The Group performance is reﬂected in the outcomes of our

variable pay incentives. HEPS achieved for 2020 resulted

in a 65% vesting of the third tranche of share appreciation

rights (“SARs”) allocated in 2016, 100% vesting of the

second tranche of SARs allocated in 2017 and 100%

vesting of the ﬁrst tranche of SARs allocated in 2018. The

employment period for the vesting of these SARs will only

expire in February 2021 and the outcome of vested SARs

exercised will be included in the 2021 report. In addition,

the Group proﬁt achieved in 2020 resulted in a 88.5%

vesting of the economic proﬁt component of the short-

term incentive (“STI”) and 65.0% vesting of the headline

earnings before tax per share (“HEBTPS”) component of

the STI for 2020.

Quantum Foods’ ﬁnancial performance is discussed in the

joint report of the chairman and CEO on pages 38 to 41.

The Remco made various key decisions in 2020.

These included:

Topic

Progress and actions arising

Total guaranteed pay

adjustments

Mandates for the adjustment of total guaranteed pay was determined by the Remco. The

adjustments of 5% for sectoral and non-sectoral employees and executives considered

inﬂation, the outcome of benchmarking, and affordability.

National minimum wage

and farming sectoral

and non-sectoral

employee salary

During the 2019 reporting period, employees at one of the Group’s operating locations disputed

the inclusion of certain cash-based employee beneﬁts in the calculation of their hourly pay.

The Commission for Conciliation, Mediation and Arbitration (“CCMA”) ruled in favour of the

employees. The Company subsequently decided to take the ruling to the Labour Court for

review. Given the restrictions and impact of COVID-19, this matter had minimal progress

during the period and a date for the matter to be heard is awaited. The Remco will continue

to oversee this process during 2021.

Short-term and

long-term incentives,

outcomes and new

targets.

The Remco reviewed the STI and long-term incentive (“LTI”) performance outcomes for 2020

and also considered new targets for the forthcoming year. The ﬁnancial and operational

performance targets for the STI have been amended for the 2021 ﬁnancial year. The Company’s

LTI is the Equity-Settled SAR Plan and the headline earnings achieved for 2020 will be the

baseline for determining achievement of the performance conditions of allocations made to

participants in February 2021. COVID-19 did not play a role in setting the targets for 2021.

Read more about this on pages 75 to 76.

Non-executive directors’

fees

The Remco considered and will propose a 4.25% adjustment in non-executive directors’

fees to shareholders at the February 2021 AGM.

As indicated in the graph above, the non-binding advisory votes were passed at the 2019 AGM held on 21 February 2020

and shareholder engagement was therefore not required.

FUTURE FOCUS AREAS

Going forward the Remco will focus speciﬁcally on:

Topic

Actions

Fair and responsible

remuneration

Continued focus on identifying areas of improvement and implementing measures to

ensure that employees and executives are remunerated fairly and responsibly. This

includes addressing any anomalies within the remuneration structure.

The Remco is of the view that the remuneration policy achieved its objectives in 2020. In addition to its standard activities

listed on page 70, during 2021 the Remco will continue to focus on the review of salary bands to ensure that employees

are fairly remunerated. We look forward to receiving your support on the remuneration policy at the 2021 AGM, to be held

on 19 February 2021.

Mr. GG Fortuin

