Managing Director of the parent of

the Sponsor.

BUSInESS aT a GlanCE1

14

2

Power transmission projects

~8,950 MVA

Transformation capacity

~3,830 ckms

Power transmission lines

99.8%

3

Availability

31.5%

4

Market share

Note:

1. Data points for India as well as Brazil business for commissioned and under-construction Sponsor assets (does not include assets sold to IndiGrid

and Framework Assets).

2. 7 projects each in India and Brazil, under various stages of development.

3. Achieved across commissioned assets from COD till December, 2019.

4. By tariff of all inter-state projects awarded under TBCB in India.

BOaRd OF dIRECTORS*

Mr. Pravin

agarwal

Mr. Pratik

agarwal

Mr. a R

narayanaswamy

Ms. avaantika

Kakkar

Ms. Zhao

haixia

Mr. arun

Todarwal

Sponsor

* Details are as on March 31, 2020

22 | Annual Report 2019-20:

letter of intent

dated September 8, 2013 for a 35-year

period from the scheduled commercial

operation date on a BOOM basis.

On August 31, 2018, we completed

the acquisition of 74% of equity shares

of PTCL from TEECL and TPGCL.

As a result, we now own PTCL’s

one substation with 1,000 MVA of

transformation capacity. PTCL plays a

key role in strengthening the power

transmission system in Punjab. PTCL

operates one 400 kV D/C line from

Patiala to Kaithal and has a 1,000 MVA,

400/220 kV substation at Patran and

14 kV line bays. The Patiala-Kaithal

400 kV D/C transmission line was

commissioned in June 2016.

patran Transmission company limited (pTcl)

dETaIlS OF PTCl’S TRanSMISSIOn lInES

Transmission Line

Location

Route

Length

(ckms)

Specifications

Commission Date

Expiry Term of TSA

Contribution

to Total Tariff

Patiala-Kaithal

Punjab

-

400 kV D/C

November 12, 2016

November 12, 2051

-

Patran Substation

Punjab

-

2x500 MVA, 400/220kV

Substation at Patran with:

1. 6 nos. 400kV Bays

2. 8 nos. 220kV Bays

November 12, 2016

November 12, 2051

100%

As on March 31, 2020, the PTCL has a remaining term of over 31 years.

Current Status

annual availability

100.0%

FY17

99.9%

FY18

99.7%

FY19

100.0%

FY20

38 | Annual Report 2019-20:

letter received from Esoteric II Pte Ltd. and GIC Infra

Holdings Pte. Ltd.

Considered and approved designating Esoteric as a sponsor of IndiGrid and corresponding

amendment to Trust Deed

Authorized execution of definitive agreement with Electron IM Pte. Ltd. (affiliate of KKR) for

investment in the Investment Manager and the consequent change in control of the Investment

Manager

May

2019

Outcome of Allotment Committee Meeting (May 04, 2019)

Approved and declared the closure of the Preferential issue

Determined and approved the issue price of INR 83.89 per unit

Approved and adopted the Placement Document

Approved the Confirmation Allocation Note (“CAN”)

Published Valuation Report for FY 2019 (May 03, 2019)

Credit Rating AAA from CRISIL re-affirmed (May 03, 2019)

Called an Extra-ordinary General Meeting of Unitholders (May 07, 2019)

Outcome of the Allotment Committee Meeting (May 07, 2019)

approved the issue and allotment of 299,683,881 Units to institutional investors at the issue price

of ` 83.89 per Unit against the floor price of ` 83.89 per Unit, aggregating to ` 25,140.48 million.

E-voting period for EGM commenced — (27 May 2019)

Outcome of the EGM of IndiGrid held in Mumbai, India — (30 May 2019)

Approved the proposed acquisition of Power Transmission Assets from Sponsor and matters

related thereto

Approved the induction of Esoteric II Pte. Ltd. as a Sponsor of IndiGrid (along with Sterlite Power

Grid Ventures Limited)

Approved the acquisition of the Issued, Subscribed, and Paid-up capital of the Investment

Manager by Electron IM Pte. Ltd. and the consequent change of control

Approved the amendment of the ROFO Deed

YEAR In REVIEw:

FY20:

letter/letters of internal

control weaknesses issued by the statutory auditors; and

24. Formulating any policy for the Investment Manager as

necessary, in relation to its functions, as specified above.

STAKEHOLDERS’ RELATIOnSHIP COMMITTEE

Composition and Meetings

The Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee comprises

of board of directors of the Investment Manager. The

Chairperson of the Committee is Independent Director. The

company secretary of the Investment Manager act as the

secretary to the Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee. The

quorum shall be at least 50% of the number of members of

the Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee and subject to a

minimum of two members.

The composition of the Stakeholders’ Relationship

Committee as on March 31, 2020 was as follows:

name of Committee Members

Category

Mr. S H Bhojani (Chairperson)

Independent Director

Mr. Rahul Asthana

Independent Director

Mr. Sanjay Nayar

Non-Executive Director

Mr. Pratik Agarwal

Non-Executive Director

Terms of reference of the Stakeholders’ Relationship

Committee

The terms of reference of the Stakeholders’ Relationship

Committee is as follows:

(i)

Considering and resolving grievances of the

unitholders, including complaints related to the transfer

of units, non-receipt of annual report and non-receipt of

declared distributions;

(ii)

Reviewing of any litigation related to unitholders’

grievances;

(iii) Undertaking all functions in relation to protection of

Unitholders’ interests and resolution of any conflicts,

including reviewing agreements or transactions in this

regard;

(iv) Updating unitholders on acquisition / sale of assets by

IndiGrid and any change in the capital structure of the

SPVs;

(v)

Reporting specific material litigation related to

unitholders’ grievances to the board of directors; and

(vi) Approving report on investor grievances to be

submitted to the Trustee.

nOMInATIOn AnD REMUnERATIOn COMMITTEE

Composition and Meetings

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee comprises

of board of directors of the Investment Manager. The

chairperson of the committee is an Independent Director.

The company secretary of the Investment Manager act as

the secretary to the Committee. The quorum shall be at

least 50% of the number of members of the Committee and

subject to a minimum of two members.

The composition of the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee as on March 31, 2020 was as follows:

name of Committee Members

Category

Mr. S H Bhojani (Chairperson)

Independent Director

Mr. Tarun Kataria

Independent Director

Mr. Sanjay Nayar

Non-Executive Director

Mr. Pratik Agarwal

Non-Executive Director

Terms of reference of the nomination and Remuneration

Committee

The terms of reference of the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee is as follows:

(i)

Formulation of the criteria for determining qualifications,

positive attributes and independence of a director and

recommend to the board of directors of the Investment

Manager a policy relating to, the remuneration of the

directors, key managerial personnel and other employees;

(ii)

Formulation of criteria for evaluation of performance of

independent directors and the board of directors;

(iii)

Devising a policy on board diversity;

(iv)

Identifying persons who are qualified to become directors

and who may be appointed in senior management in

accordance with the criteria laid down and recommend to

the board of directors their appointment and removal and

evaluation of director’s performance;

(v)

Determining whether to extend or continue the term of

appointment of the independent director, on the basis

of the report of performance evaluation of independent

directors;

(vi)

Carrying out any other function as prescribed under

applicable law;

(vii) Endeavour to appoint new key employee to replace any

resigning key employee within six months from the date

of receipt of notice of resignation and recommend such

appointment to the Board, if necessary; and:

letter of credit, guarantee,

performance bond, corporate guarantee,

bank guarantees provided by any party to the

project document;

c)

All insurances proceeds (debenture trustee to

be the loss payee in the insurance policy).

(iii) A First charge on: letter of credit, Escrow account,

debt service reserve account and other reserve

and any other bank account of the issuer wherever

maintained, present and future.

(iv) First charge on all book debts, operating cash flow,

receivables, commissions, revenues of whatsoever

nature and wherever arising, of BDTCL, present and

future.

(v)

Pledge of 51% of the equity share capital of the

BDTCL.

(F) Term loans from bank and financial institutions:

Foreign currency loan from financial institution carries

interest at the rate of 6m LIBOR + 2.10% to 3.80% spread.

BDTCL has taken currency and interest rate swap to

hedge 6m LIBOR to fixed rate. Amount of USD 15.62

million being 35% of the total loan amount shall be

repayable as a bullet repayment in accordance with the

repayment schedule such that average tenor of the facility

shall be more than 8.51 years. Remaining amount of USD

17.78 million is being repaid in quarterly instalments till

December 2026. The foreign currency loan is secured by

first charge on all the immovable assets pertaining to the

project, tangible movable assets, current assets, all the

accounts and intangible assets both present and future.

Loans are also secured by assignment by way of security

of all the right, title, interest benefits, claims and demands

whatsoever of BDTCL in the project documents, duly

acknowledged and consented to by the relevant counter

parties to such project documents, all as amended, varied

or supplemented from time to time; all rights, title, interest

and benefits of BDTCL into and under all clearances

pertaining to the project (including transmission licence)

to the extent same are assignable; all rights, title, interest,

benefits, claims and demands whatsoever of BDTCL in any

letter of credit, guarantee including contract guarantees

and liquidated damages, consent agreements, side letters

and performance bond provided by any party to the

project document; all rights, title, interest, benefits, claims

and demands whatsoever of the borrower in, to and under

all insurance contracts and insurance proceeds pertaining

to the project. Loans are also secured by non disposable

undertaking from India Grid Trust directly/indirectly to hold

at least 51% of equity share capital till final settlement date.

Upon occurrence of event of default the negative lien

shall be converted in pledge of 51% of the equity share

capital of BDTCL.

INTRODUCTION

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

MANAGEMENT REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Annual Report 2019-20 | 139

letter of credit, guarantee

including contractor guarantees and liquidated

damages, consent agreements, side letters

and performance bond provided by any party

to the project documents and additional

project documents (if any) (including any

security/: letter of credit that may be available

to the borrower pursuant to the transmission

service agreement or in relation to the project

and/or guarantees issued by EPC contractors

in favour of the borrower, which may be legally

assigned): and

d.

all the right, title, interest, benefits, claims

and demands whatsoever of the Borrower

in, to and under all Insurance Contracts and

Insurance Proceeds pertaining to the Project

(v)

Pledge of equity shares representing atleast 51%

of the equity share capital (if Axis bank is sole

lender, shares pledged shall be restricted to 30%

and balance 21% shall be under a non-disposal

undertaking).

(I)

Non- Convertible Debentures:

During the year 2015-16, the Company issued 9,250

Non Convertible Debentures (‘NCDs’) of INR 1,000,000/-

each on private placement basis in three tranches

of 2,125 8.85% Non Convertible Debentures, 2,375

140 | Annual Report 2019-20

letter of credit, guarantee,

performance bond, corporate guarantee,

bank guarantees provided by any party to the

project document;

c)

All insurances proceeds (debenture trustee to

be the loss payee in the insurance policy).

3)

A First charge on: letter of credit, Escrow account,

debt service reserve account and other reserve

and any other bank account of the issuer wherever

maintained, present and future.

4)

First charge on all book debts, operating cash flow,

receivables, commissions, revenues of whatsoever

nature and wherever arising, of the Company,

present and future.

5)

Pledge of 51% of the equity share capital of the

Company.

Further, subsequent to March 31, 2020, the Company

has prepaid the amount to all the NCD holders on

April 07, 2020.

Financial covenants

Loans from bank, financial institution and non convertible

debentures raised contain certain debt covenants relating

to limitation on interest service coverage ratio, debt

service coverage ratio, total debt gearing, maintenance

of specified security margin etc. The financial covenants

are reviewed on availability of audited accounts of the

respective borrower periodically. For the financial year

ended March 31, 2020, the Group has satisfied all debt

covenants prescribed in the terms of loan from bank and

financial institutions, where applicable.

Note 13: Trade payables

(INR in millions)

March 31, 2020

March 31, 2019

Trade payables

- total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises (refer note 30)

105.32

54.10

- total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small

enterprises

70.55

28.19

Trade payables to related party (refer note 26)

157.04

79.67

Total

332.91

161.96

Trade payables are not-interest bearing and are normally settled on 30-90 days terms.

For explanation on the Group’s risk management policies, refer note 31.

INTRODUCTION

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

MANAGEMENT REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Annual Report 2019-20 | 141

