Managing Director: Accelerate Property

Management Company

Leon Louw



Deputy: Managing

letter of undertaking in this regard.

Closed periods are imposed on directors and staff in relation to interim and annual financial

results, and from time to time in relation to any specific corporate actions.

Each share entitles the shareholder to one vote. There are no non-voting shares.:

Managing Director of

Accelerate Property

Management Company

External consultant:

social and ethics, BBBEE

and employment equity

matters

Page 107

67 Independence of

committee (%)

3 Meetings

Investment Committee

To examine proposed

investments, potential

acquisitions and disposals

and capital projects above

executive management’s

authority levels prior

to recommendation to

the board and approve

acquisitions/disposals and

capex projects within its

delegation of authority.

Independent Non-

Executive Directors:

JF van der Merwe*2 (0/0)

FM Viruly (2/2)

Executive Directors:

A Costa (2/2)

MN Georgiou (2/2)

DJ Wandrag (2/2)

GC Cruywagen¹ (1/2)

Permanent invitees:

D Kyriakides

All Non-Executive Directors

who are not members of

this committee

Page 108

40 Independence of

committee (%)

2 Meetings

Technology Governance

Subcommittee

To ensure the effective

management of

technology and the

protection of information

and technology (IT) to

support the company in

setting and achieving its

strategic objectives.

Executive Directors:

DJ Wandrag* (2/2)

D Kyriakides (2/2)

Senior Management:

PA Grobler

Permanent invitees:

FD for Europe

Internal auditors

Page 109

0 Independence of

committee (%)

2 Meetings

* Chairman.

1 Resigned 2 October 2020.

2 Resigned from the Remuneration

Committee on 18 August 2020

and from the board, Audit and

Risk Committee and Nominations

Committee on 5 March 2021.

3 Appointed 1 February 2021.

⁴ Appointed as a member of

the Remuneration Committee

on 13 August 2020 to replace

G Cavaleros.

⁵ Appointed as a member of

the Nominations Committee

on 11 March 2021 to replace

G Cruywagen and G Cavaleros.

* Chairman.

1 Resigned 2 October 2020.

2 Appointed 1 February 2021.

103:

letter informing

a Participant of the award awarded to him/her) have been fulfilled and this is likely to result

or has resulted in the relevant award being granted over a greater number of Shares than

would otherwise have been the case

•

There is the discovery of an event that has led or could lead to the censure by a regulatory

authority of any member of the Group in which that Participant worked or works or for which

he/she was or is directly or indirectly responsible, and/or

•

Any other matter which, in the reasonable opinion of the Board and/or the RemCom, is

required to be taken into account by any member of the Group to comply with prevailing

legal and/or regulatory requirements

ED service agreements

EDs hold permanent contracts of employment and are subject to a termination notice period

of a minimum period of three months. As a practice, APF does not grant sign-on awards to any

EDs or other employees upon employment by the company. Given APF’s business model, the

employment contracts of certain EDs contain provisions linked to a payment equal to five years’

annual package, where there is control/change of control resulting in the termination of

employment, without valid reason. The committee is looking to standardise these contracts to

align to market practice.

Minimum shareholding requirement

Given the EDs’ existing shareholding as set out on page 22 of the 2021 consolidated financial

statements released on 30 June 2021, the company does not currently enforce a minimum

shareholding requirement for its EDs. This matter is under consideration for the future.

NEDs’ fees

NEDs’ fees reflect the directors’ roles and membership of the board and its committees.

Currently, the fees comprise an aggregate board base fee plus additional fees for membership

per committee. In the committee’s view, the fees paid to NEDs are sufficient to attract board

members with the appropriate level of skill and expertise. NEDs do not hold contracts of

employment with the company and they take part in neither the STI nor the LTI. The fees of

NEDs are reviewed annually and submitted to shareholders for approval.

As mentioned above, during FY2021, PwC conducted benchmarking on the fees APF pays its

NEDs, wherein it was found that the fees paid to NEDs are generally within the tolerance band

(80% to 120%) of the benchmark reference point of the company’s comparators, with exception

to the board Chairman, who is slightly above the tolerance band. The Chairman will be taking a

decrease in fees in FY2022, to align his fees closer to those of the board members and in view

of the outcomes of the benchmarking.

The fees paid to NEDs during FY2021 are included in the implementation report below, while

the proposed fees for FY2022 are set out in the notice of AGM.

Non-binding vote on remuneration policy

The remuneration policy, as set out in part 2 of this report, will be tabled for a separate non-

binding advisory vote at the AGM.:

Managing Director of Accelerate Property

Management Company (Pty) Ltd are

standing invitees to the committee’s

meetings, as are the Chairman of the

board, CEO and COO. Invitations to attend

committee meetings are also extended

to senior executives and professional

advisers, as required. Directors of the

board who are not members of the

committee have the right of attendance at

all committee meetings.

The number of meetings held during

the year and attendance thereat can be

viewed on page 103.

ACTIVITIES AND AREAS OF

FOCUS DURING THE YEAR

The committee carried out its duties by:

•

Monitoring Accelerate’s ethical culture

•

Monitoring the company’s bursary

programme, as well as ongoing

professional development initiatives

for employees and directors as part of

the company’s responsible corporate

citizenship

•

Reviewing the Accelerate Property

Management Company (Pty) Ltd

undertaking to subscribe to the

company’s code of ethics

•

Monitoring progress made against the

company’s employment equity plan

•

Monitoring progress and plans for ESG

projects and proposals

•

Reviewing and recommending the

company’s ethics matrix to the board for

approval

•

Approving various CSI proposals

The committee continues to support educational initiatives for our existing students by

covering tuition and accommodation fees and giving students an additional monthly stipend

for essentials. Accelerate provides each bursary recipient with a dedicated mentor who offers

regular guidance. If emotional guidance is required, the Fund facilitates appropriate additional

support. Accelerate also encourages bursary recipients to give back by offering academic

support and life guidance to students at their previous schools.

COVID-19 posed many problems for bursary students as their residences were closed and students

were sent home during lockdown. This meant that studies needed to be completed remotely and,

in many instances, our students did not have sufficient access to data to study remotely. To mitigate

this challenge, Accelerate booked affected students into temporary accommodation with the

necessary Wi-Fi amenities.

The committee is very pleased with the improvement in the company’s BBBEE accreditation

score from level 8 to level 7 following the 2020 BBBEE audit, and looks forward to continued

improvement in this area.

There were no fines or sanctions for non-compliance with laws and regulations or incidents of

fraud or impropriety in 2021.

The committee is satisfied that it has complied with all of its statutory responsibilities, and

discharged its duties under its terms of reference, for the reporting period.

COMMITTEE PERFORMANCE

The committee assesses its performance on an annual basis to determine whether or not it

has delivered on its mandate and continuously enhances its contribution to the board. The

assessment takes the form of a questionnaire, which is independently completed by each

member of the committee. The composition of the self-assessment questionnaire, as well as

the consolidation of the results and feedback to committee members, was the responsibility of

the Company Secretary.

KEY FOCUS AREAS FOR 2022

The committee’s key focus areas for the 2022 financial year include the following:

•

Continued focus on education and communities, which will translate into supporting the

eight bursary students completing tertiary studies

•

Providing support to cultural programmes – a partnership with the Johannesburg Youth

Orchestra has been established, which will see Accelerate sponsoring aspiring young

musicians

•

Increased focus on ESG items, including the roll out of solar energy

Details of our corporate citizenship activities can be viewed on pages 140 to 143.

On behalf of the Social, Ethics and Transformation Committee

K Madikizela

Social, Ethics and Transformation Committee Chairman

29 July 2021

ACCELERATE PROPERTY FUND INTEGRATED REPORT 2021

138:

