Managing director R2 900 000

Financial director R1 323 000

Audit and Risk Committee

Modi Hlobo

Thabani Jali

David Sekete

Yes

Included in director pay

Remuneration Committee

Thabani Jali

David Sekete

Modi Hlobo

No

Included in director pay

Social and Ethics Committee

David Sekete

Thabani Jali

Kiriakos Anastasiadis

Yes

Included in director pay

Nominations Committee

Thabani Jali

All independent directors

Yes

Included in director pay:

director's

responsibility statement

38

Group secretary’s confirmation

39

Independent auditor's report

40

Directors' report

47

Statement of financial position

52

Statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income

53

Statement of changes in equity

54

Statement of cash flows

55

Accounting policies

56

Notes to the annual financial statements

68

Appendixes A & B – additional information

115

Acsion will

continue to

explore local and

international

opportunities in

the year ahead.

EXPLORE:

letter the JSE requested Acsion to adjust its interim

and financial results with some of their recommendations. Furthermore, the audit committee was requested to:

• consider the expertise and experience of the financial director (par 3.84(g)(i));

• ensure that the issuer has established appropriate financial reporting procedures; and

• that those procedures are operating (par 3.84(g)(ii)); and

• consider any deficiencies in financial controls reported to the committee by the CEO and CFO (par 3.84(k));

• ensure the CEO and financial director must attest to the fact that internal financial controls have been put in place and that they are

adequate and effective and can be relied upon (par 3.84(k)).

Upon guidance from the Audit and Risk Committee from the end of the 2020 financial year, measures have been taken by management

to strengthen the financial reporting controls and the procedures of the Group.

Pursuant to the JSE monitoring panel review the Company engaged an independent IFRS expert to guide the financial team in its

reporting when required.

The Committee is also satisfied that the rotation of external auditors has resulted in enhanced reporting by bringing a "fresh pair of

eyes" to its results and reporting.

This notwithstanding, the Committee confirms that it is satisfied with the experience and expertise of the financial director. It is also

satisfied that appropriate financial reporting procedures are in place and that these procedures are operational at both the Company

and at its subsidiaries.

Annual Financial Statements

The Committee is satisfied that the Annual Financial Statements appropriately address these critical judgements and key estimates

pertaining to the above matters regarding both amounts and disclosures, after reviewing the presentations and reports from

management and consulting with the external auditor where necessary. The Committee is also satisfied that the significant assumptions

used for determining the values of Acsiopolis and the Mall@Larnaca, the value of investment properties, goodwill, intangible assets and

other assets and liabilities have been appropriately examined, questioned and challenged. No material unadjusted errors in the

consolidated and separate Annual Financial statements were noted by the Committee.

Going concern

The Committee considered and assessed the Group and Company’s status as a going concern operation in the preparation of the

Annual Financial Statements. The Committee and Board are satisfied that the Group and Company have access to adequate resources

to continue in operational existence for the next 12 months after a review of the Group’s cash flow forecast for the 12 months ending

30 June 2022 and the current financial position. The consolidated and separate Annual Financial Statements have been prepared on the

going concern basis. Regarding the liquidity position of the company, during the financial year, the company’s current liabilities

exceeded current assets. and its major borrowing facilities at or shortly after year-end. These liquidity issues were resolved by securing

new borrowings which, when considered in conjunction with continued good revenue flows forecast for the next twelve months, reflect

the company has adequate cash resources to operate as a going concern and to fund its current developments in progress. A new

facility of approximately R963 million has been secured over Golden Falls 125 Proprietary Limited (a subsidiary within the Group) to

replace the expiring facility.

Internal audit

Acsion maintains internal controls and systems designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of the Annual

Financial Statements and to protect, verify and maintain accountability for its assets. These controls are implemented by trained

individuals with segregated duties and responsibilities.

The internal audit function has been outsourced to MWRK Accountants and Auditors Incorporated, a professional service provider,

ensuring that an independent function exists. The function is responsible for preparing and implementing the internal audit plan over a

three-year rolling period. The Committee reviewed and approved the plan, incorporating the field work for the ensuing year. The

internal audit function operates under the direction of the Committee with approval of the scope of work to be performed. Findings are

reported to the Committee on a regular basis and corrective action is taken to address internal control deficiencies identified in the

execution of work.

External audit

RSM has been appointed as the external auditor of Acsion and its subsidiaries, in terms of JSE Listing Requirements 3.84 (g). RSM are

the auditors for the first time in 2021 and the engagement partner on the audit is Gary Parker. It is the policy of the Group that any

non-audit services are approved by the Committee. RSM did not provide any non-audit service during the year under review.

The audit committee is satisfied with the audit services provided by RSM for the year 2020/2021. The auditor's remuneration for the year

ended 29 February 2021 amounted to R1.6 million.

The audit firm has issued the relevant letters in terms of IRBA requirements relating to monitoring, procedures and deficiencies to the

Audit Committee.

Internal controls

The Group maintains financial, legal compliance and operational systems of internal control to meet the Group’s responsibility to

provide reliable information. The controls are designed to provide reasonable assurance that transactions are concluded in accordance

with management’s authority, are properly authorised and recorded and that the assets are adequately protected against material

losses, unauthorised acquisition, use or disposal. The systems include a documented organisational structure and division of

responsibility, established policies and procedures and the training and development of people.

Audit and risk committee report continued

for the year ended 28 February 2021:

director's responsibility

statement

for the year ended 28 February 2021

The directors, whose names are stated below, hereby confirm that:

(a) the annual financial statements set out on pages 47 to 120, fairly present in all material respects the financial position, financial

performance and cash flows of the issuer in terms of IFRS;

(b) no facts have been omitted or untrue statements made that would make the annual financial statements false or misleading;

(c) internal financial controls have been put in place to ensure that material information relating to the issuer and its consolidated

subsidiaries have been provided to effectively prepare the financial statements of the issuer; and

(d) the internal financial controls are adequate and effective and can be relied upon in compiling the annual financial statements,

having fulfilled our role and function within the combined assurance model pursuant to principle 15 of the King Code. Where we are

not satisfied, we have disclosed to the audit committee and the auditors the deficiencies in design and operational effectiveness of

the internal financial controls and any fraud that involves directors, and have taken the necessary remedial action.

K Anastasiadis

Chief Executive Officer

S le Roux

Financial Director

Group secretary’s confirmation

for the year ended 28 February 2021

Declaration by the Group secretary in respect of Section 88(2)(e) of the Companies Act 71 of 2008

In terms of Section 88 (2) (e) of the South African Companies Act 71 of 2008, as amended, I certify that the Group has lodged with the

Companies and Intellectual Properties Commission (CIPC) all such returns as are required of a public company in terms of the

aforementioned Companies Act and that all such returns are true, correct and up to-date.

Michael Reynolds

B.Com, B.Com Hons, CA (SA) RA (SA) BA (Sociology)

Group company secretary

Centurion

25 June 2021:

letter of

support has been obtained from Southern Palace Investments 108 Proprietary Limited, the management and local treasury

company within the Group to ensure adequate holding company liquidity. Refer to note 11.

16.

Litigation statement

The Group becomes involved from time to time in various claims and lawsuits incidental to the ordinary course of business.

In the current year, insurance claims in the region of R80 million were lodged with the Group insurers to claim for losses due to

COVID-19 lockdowns. The outcome of these are unsure and therefore not been accounted for.

17.

Auditors

RSM South Africa Inc. has been appointed as auditors of the Group for 2021.

18.

Secretary

The company secretary is Mr Michael Reynolds of MWRK Accountants and Auditors Incorporated.

Business address:

19 Edward Street

Westdene

Benoni 1501

19.

Registered office and postal address

Registered address:

Anaprop Offices

Mall@Reds

Cnr Hendrik Verwoerd and

Rooihuiskraal Drive

Centurion

0157

Postal address:

PO Box 569

Wierda Park

0149:

letter of

support has been obtained from Southern Palace Investments 108 Proprietary Limited, the management company within the

Group. The: letter of support gives Acsion Limited assurance that the loan due to Southern Palace 108 Proprietary Limited of

R424 million will not be called in until the company’s liquidity is established and not jeopardised by such repayment.

Solvency information at 28 February 2021

R’000

Solvency

Net asset value

7 165 720

Group liquidity information over next 12 months

Net current liabilities at year-end

(804 574)

Rand-based revolving credit facility raised with Standard Bank repayable after 36 months, bearing

quarterly interest at the 3 month JIBAR rate + 2.02%

300 000

Rand-based term loan facility raised with Standard Bank repayable after 36 months bearing quarterly

interest at the 3 month JIBAR rate + 2.15%

300 000

€20 000 000 Euro-based borrowings raised with Standard Bank repayable after 12 months by June 2022

Interest payable quarterly commencing in June 2021 at the 3 month Euribor rate + 1.7%*

363 820

Property development cost commitments

(525 000)

(365 754)

* Refer to comment at the end of this note under security provided for the new facility.

Liquidity ratio for the Group as at 28 February 2021:

Current ratio to 1

0.19

Acid test ratio to 1

0.15

The Group has replaced the expiring facility of R700 million in May 2021 with a new facility as discussed in this note.

Any shortfall on funding obtained from this source will be supplemented by operational cash generation and by obtaining

additional mortgage borrowings against investment properties based on current low loan to value gearing ratio of the Group.

Given the Group’s very low loan to value gearing ratio of 9.85%, its sound profit to cash generation and its ability to raise

further funding if needed, the Group is confident it is able to trade as a going concern for the forthcoming year and beyond.

This confidence is further enhanced by the fact that the Mall@Larnaca has consumed cash for construction over the last

two years, but will generate positive cash flows after opening in July 2021, currently estimated at approximately R13 million

per month.

Security for the new Standard Bank facility raised in May 2021:

Security description

Security

value

R’000

Year-end

property

value

R’000

The Mall@Carnival

1 300 000

2 444 666

The security over Mall@Carnival is for a period of three years although the Euro portion of the facility is repayable within

12 months. Management believes that this portion can be relatively easily extended for a further period should it be required.

Debt covenant requirements at 28 February 2021

Covenants as at 28 February 2021 for bank borrowings secured over Proc Corp 160 Proprietary Limited expiring at the end

of May 2021 were as follows:

Covenant description (Trigger)

Covenant

Achieved

2021

Acsion Limited Group

Corporate loan to value (maximum)

45%

8%

Maximum ratio of total Group indebtedness to the most recent property holdings value

Acsion Limited Group

Corporate interest cover ratio (minimum)

1.6

12.07

Minimum ratio of net rental income to net interest incurred

Proc Corp 160 Proprietary Limited

Maximum corporate loan to property value

65%

48%

Proc Corp 160 Proprietary Limited

Minimum corporate interest cover ratio

1.6%

2.25%

None of the covenants were breached or were within close proximity of being breached.

There are no specific covenants relating to the facility which Nungu Trading 517 Proprietary Limited has with Nedbank Limited.

Notes to the annual financial statements continued

for the year ended 28 February 2021

letter of representation to attend.

Dematerialised shareholders, who have elected own name registration in the sub-register through a CSDP and who are unable to

attend but who wish to vote at the AGM must complete and return the attached form of proxy’ and lodge it with the transfer

secretaries, Computershare Investor Services Proprietary Limited, PO Box 61051, Marshalltown, 2107 to be received no later than 09:00

on Tuesday, 17 August 2021.

All beneficial owners whose shares have been dematerialised through a CSDP or broker other than with own name registration, must

provide the CSDP or broker with their voting instructions in terms of their custody agreement should they wish to vote at the AGM

Alternatively, they may request the CSDP or broker to provide them with a: letter of representation, in terms of their custody

agreements, should they wish to attend the AGM. Such shareholder must not complete the attached form of proxy.

In terms of section 63(1) meeting participants will be required to provide identification to the reasonable satisfaction of the

