letter to stakeholders

18 Board of directors

20 Executive management

22 Chief executive officer’s report

26 Chief financial officer’s report

p1

About

Balwin

Properties

1

Introducing our Integrated Report

2

2021 in review

4

Group profile

6

Business model

8

Strategic objectives

11 Investment case

12 Material risks and mitigation plans

p30

Lifestyle

and

sustainability

30 Development portfolio

32 Development pipeline

35 International awards

36 Lifestyle showcase

38 Development showcase

57 Building a sustainable future

p66

Governance

66 Commitment to corporate

governance

71 Remuneration report

81 Social, ethics and transformation

committee report

83 Shareholder analysis

p85

Financial

information

and notice of

AGM

86

Financial highlights

87

Compliance statements

88

Audit and risk committee report

93

Independent auditor’s report on

summary financial statements

94

Summarised consolidated

financial statements

108 Notice of AGM

115 Form of proxy

Ibc Corporate information:

Letter to Stakeholders

Hilton Saven: Dear Stakeholders

As we reflect on what has been the most

challenging year many of us will ever experience

in the business environment, the board

commends management for their exceptional

response to the pandemic.

The introduction of the Covid-19 lockdown

resulted in cash flows being constrained when

no property sales could be registered during

the period from the start of the lockdown on

26 March until 1 June 2020. No physical sales

took place during this time either, however

the launch of an online sales platform secured

the sale of 350 apartments during the lockdown

period. Through disciplined cash management

the group navigated the storm.

Operationally it was encouraging that strict

compliance with health and safety protocols

at all developments ensured that there were

no site disruptions due to Covid-19 outside of

the national lockdown period.

Despite our construction activities being

adversely impacted by restrictions for

approximately 25% of the year, the group

limited the decline in revenue over the previous

year to 7%. Shareholders will be reassured

that the group was able to continue to

pay dividends in line with its payout policy.

After deferring the payment of the 2020

final dividend to preserve cash in the midst

of the Covid-19 crisis, this dividend was paid

to shareholders together with the interim

dividend for the 2021 financial year.

As part of government’s commitment to

boost the economy post Covid-19 and

to create employment through infrastructure

development, Balwin’s planned Mooikloof

Mega City development was designated

as a Strategic Integration Project (SIP).

The Department of Public Works and

Infrastructure has committed to fund the

external bulk services installations for this

project which will involve an initial 16 000

apartments. A second Balwin development,

Greencreek in Tshwane East, which comprises

approximately 3 800 apartments, has also

been confirmed as an SIP by government.

We are hopeful that developments in other

nodes across the country will be recognised

as SIP in the future.

While operating in a virtual environment

for the majority of the year, the board

continued to focus on maintaining an effective

balance between meeting its governance

oversight responsibilities and nurturing the

entrepreneurial spirit on which the company

was founded. The directors are always

conscious of ensuring that governance

practices are relevant for the profile and size

of the business.

Balwin has an independent, engaged and

stable board. The diversity of the directors

ensures that the board considers the interests

of all stakeholder groups and our diversity

policy is aimed at promoting broader diversity

at board level, including gender, race, culture,

age, skills and experience. Our policy includes

a voluntary target for 20% female and 40%

black representation on the board. Currently

three of our non-executive directors are black

and two are female.

While there were no changes to the board

during the year, we strengthened the

experience and expertise of two of our

committees. Independent non-executive

director Thoko Mokgosi-Mwantembe

was appointed to the remuneration and

nominations committee while executive

directors Steve Brookes and Jonathan Weltman

were appointed to the social, ethics and

transformation committee.

We undertook a formal tender process for

the appointment of an independent external

auditor. This followed the resignation of

Deloitte & Touche as the group’s auditor

for commercial reasons and we thank them

for their service over the past five years.

BDO South Africa Inc. was nominated and

subsequently approved by shareholders as the

group’s external auditor at the annual general

meeting in August 2020.

Looking to the new financial year, we believe

that trading conditions are likely to remain

largely unchanged in the months ahead as

the country continues to combat any further

escalation in Covid-19 infection rates which

could result in restrictions being reinstated.

This would be devastating for the economy.

The pace of the national Covid-19 vaccination

roll-out has been disappointing, and we urge

government to accelerate the programme to

protect the population and ensure the safety

of all South Africans.

In closing, we thank our executive team under

the leadership of Steve Brookes for ensuring

that the group maintained its position as

the leading sectional title developer despite

operating under the extreme constraints of

the pandemic.

Managing Director

Rodney is the: managing director of Balwin

with 23 years’ experience in the position.

Prior to joining Balwin, Rodney was the

director of a project management company

Nostrum, which managed one of Balwin’s

developments at the time and was appointed

in 1997 as a partner to Steve Brookes.

T4 Architecture

Chief Projects Officer

Ulrich is the chief projects officer of Balwin

after joining the group in 1997. Ulrich held

management positions at Spie Batignolles

and Bovis Southern Africa Proprietary Limited

before his employment at Balwin as a partner

to Steve Brookes and Rodney Gray. Ulrich

manages all construction related activities at

Balwin.

BSc (Civil Eng), MBA, Pr Eng

General Manager | Western Cape

Anthony was appointed as a non-executive

director of Balwin in 2016, which position

he vacated on appointment to an executive

management position in the group to

spearhead Balwin’s expansion into Kwa-Zulu

Natal. In 2019, Anthony transferred to the

Western Cape to lead the region.

Prior to joining Balwin, Anthony was the

managing director of Heartland and an

AECI executive committee member. He has

30 years of experience in property investment

and development including construction,

project management, sales and marketing

and property management.

Anthony has previously served as managing

director of listed property entities iProp

(formerly Rand Mines Properties), iFour

Properties and Pangbourne Properties. He is

a past president of SAPOA and serves as a

trustee on the Endangered Wildlife Trust and

The Balwin Foundation.

BSc QS, PrQS, PMAQS, MBA

General Manager | Gauteng

Jaco has more than 20 years’ experience in

the construction and property development

fields. He has been intensively involved in the

planning and rollout of several mixed-use

development parcels on a national level.

Prior to joining Balwin in 2019, Jaco served

in various technical and senior management

roles and his experience is informed by a focus

on mixed use land development which has led

to his role in the planning, implementation,

and management of high-density residential

development.

Managing director (MD)*

35% of package

70% of package

105% of package

Chief projects officer (CPO)*

30% of package

60% of package

90% of package

* The MD and CPO are prescribed officers and members of the executive committee.

Discretionary bonuses may be awarded to employees who perform above and beyond their

responsibilities, regardless of company performance, as nominated by management and approved by

the committee and board.:

managing director and the chief projects officer. The remuneration of the prescribed officers is disclosed in

the remuneration implementation report as well as the annual financial statements.

NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR FEES

Non-executive directors receive annual retainer fees for serving on the board and board committees. None of the non-executive directors have service contracts with the group and no consultancy fees were paid

to directors during the year.

In line with best governance practice, non-executive directors do not participate in incentive schemes.

Remuneration Report continued:

letter, the plan and the budgeted audit fees payable to

the external auditor;

• considered whether any reportable irregularities were identified and reported by the external

auditor in terms of the Auditing Profession Act, No. 26 of 2005; and

• considered any reported control weaknesses, management’s response for their improvement and

assessed their impact on the general control environment.

This is the first year which BDO has performed the external audit function. The committee is satisfied

that BDO is independent of the group after taking the following factors into account:

• representations made by BDO to the committee;

• the auditor does not, except as external auditor or in rendering permitted non-audit services,

receive any remuneration or other benefit from the company;

• the auditors’ independence was not impaired by any consultancy, advisory or other work

undertaken by the auditor; and

• the criteria specified for independence by the Independent Regulatory Board for auditors and

international regulatory bodies.

INTERNAL AUDIT

The committee:

• reviewed and approved the internal audit charter and annual audit plan and evaluated the

independence, effectiveness and performance of the internal audit department and compliance

with its charter;

• satisfied themselves that the quality, experience and expertise of the internal audit function and

the chief audit executive is appropriate;

• considered the reports of the internal auditor on the group’s system of internal control including

financial controls, business risk management and maintenance of effective internal control systems;

and

• reviewed significant issues raised by the internal audit processes and the adequacy of corrective

action in response to significant internal audit findings.

ADEQUACY AND FUNCTIONING OF THE

GROUP’S INTERNAL CONTROLS

The committee reviewed the effectiveness of the design and implementation of controls with respect

to the plans and work outputs of the external and internal auditors and concluded that these were

adequate to address all significant financial risks facing the business.

As noted above, it also reviewed the reporting around the adequacy of the internal controls together

with the effectiveness of the combined assurance provided and based on this concluded that there

had been no material breakdowns in internal control, including financial controls, business risk

management and the maintenance of effective material control systems.

BALWIN PROPERTIES INTEGRATED REPORT 2021

90:

letter relating to the consolidated and separate annual financial

statements which was signed by management;

• considered any problems identified and reviewed any significant legal and tax matters that could

have a material impact on the financial statements; and

• considered accounting treatments, significant unusual transactions and accounting judgments.

SIGNIFICANT AREAS OF JUDGEMENT

In arriving at the figures disclosed in the consolidated and separate annual financial statements there

are many areas where judgement is needed. These are outlined in note 1.2 to the consolidated and

separate annual financial statements. The committee has looked at the quantum of the assets and

liabilities on the statements of financial position and other items that require significant judgement

and decided to note the following:

• Recognition of cost of constructed residential apartments sold;

• Net realisable value of developments under construction; and

• Preparation of cash flow forecasts

RISK MANAGEMENT AND INFORMATION

TECHNOLOGY (IT) GOVERNANCE

The committee:

• ensured that intellectual property contained in information systems are protected;

• ensured that adequate business arrangements are in place for disaster recovery;

• ensured that all personal information is treated by the company as an important business asset and

is safeguarded as per POPI Act;

• approved the IT governance framework; and

• reviewed the group’s policies on risk assessment and risk management, including fraud risks and

IT risks pertaining to financial reporting and the going concern assessment, and found them to

be sound.

LEGAL AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS

To the extent that these may have an impact on the consolidated and separate annual financial

statements, the committee:

• reviewed legal matters that could have a material impact on the group;

• reviewed the adequacy and effectiveness of the group’s procedures, including its risk management

framework, to ensure compliance with legal and regulatory responsibilities;

• monitored complaints received via the group’s whistleblowing service. No complaints were

reported; and

• considered reports provided by management, internal audit and the external auditor regarding

compliance with legal and regulatory requirements.

BALWIN PROPERTIES INTEGRATED REPORT 2021

91

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

ABOUT BALWIN PROPERTIES

LEADERSHIP AND PERFORMANCE

LIFESTYLE AND SUSTAINABILITY

GOVERNANCE:

letter of representation in terms

of the custody agreement entered into between such shareholders and the CSDP or broker.

These instructions should preferably be provided to the CSDP or broker by the cut-off time and

date advised by the CSDP or Broker for instructions of this nature.

3. Dematerialised shareholders, other than own-name registered dematerialised shareholders, who

are unable to attend the AGM and who wish to be represented thereat, must provide their CSDP

or broker with their voting instructions in terms of the custody agreement entered into between

them and the CSDP or broker in the manner and time stipulated therein.

4. Shareholders present in person, by proxy or by authorised representative shall, on a show of hands,

have one vote each and, on a poll, will have one vote in respect of each share held. TMS will assist

shareholders with the requirements for electronic participation in, and/or voting at, the AGM. TMS

is further obliged to validate (in correspondence with the company and, in particular, the transfer

secretary, Computershare Limited (“Computershare”), and your CSDP) each such Shareholder’s

entitlement to participate in and/or vote at the AGM, before providing it with the necessary means

to access the annual general meeting and/or the associated voting platform.

5. Shareholders will be liable for their own network charges in relation to electronic participation in

and/or voting at the AGM. Any such charges will not be for the account of the JSE, the company

and/or TMS. The JSE, the company, and/or TMS cannot be held accountable in the case of loss of

network connectivity or other network failure due to insufficient airtime, internet connectivity,

internet bandwidth and/or power outages which prevents any such shareholder from participating

in and/or voting at the annual general meeting.

BALWIN PROPERTIES INTEGRATED REPORT 2021

108:

letter of representation to

attend the meeting or to be represented thereat by proxy. This must be done in terms of the

custody agreement between the member and his/her CSDP or broker. These instructions must be

preferably provided to the CSDP or broker by the cut-off time and date advised by the CSDP or

Broker for instructions of this nature.

5.

Forms of proxy must be lodged at the company’s transfer secretaries and TMS as set out above.

6.

The completion and lodging of this form of proxy shall not preclude the relevant shareholder

from attending the meeting and speaking and voting in person thereat to the exclusion of any

proxy appointed in terms hereof.

7.

Documentary evidence establishing the authority of the person signing this form of proxy in a

representative or other legal capacity must be attached to this form of proxy unless previously

recorded by the company’s transfer secretaries or waived by the chairman of the meeting.:

