managing director of ApexHi Properties Limited.

He served as CEO of Redefine from 2003 until its merger with ApexHi and Madison

Property Fund Managers Limited in 2009 and then resigned from Redefine to form

Capstone Property Group. In 2016 he sold out of Capstone to form a new company,

Propertiq. He has served on the boards of various listed property companies and

currently serves on the audit committee of SAPOA.

SYD HALLIDAY (74)

Independent non-executive

Appointed: 27 May 2014

CAIB (SA), ACIS

Syd retired from Nedbank in 2004 where he had held various senior credit risk

management positions in the property finance divisions of Nefic, Syfrets, Nedcor

Investment Bank and Nedbank. Following his retirement, he served as the

independent chairman of Nedbank Corporate Property Finance’s main property

lending committee up to December 2012 and for three years to November 2019

served on RMB’s real estate investment banking credit committee. Syd joined the

board of Dipula in May 2014 and is a member of the investment and remuneration

committees. Syd also served on the board of Hospitality Property Fund Limited as an

independent non-executive director for five years until his retirement in

May 2019. He also consults to Sasfin Bank in their property private equity business.

ELIAS (“ELTIE”) LINKS (75)

Independent non-executive

Appointed: 20 May 2011

PhD (Economics)

Professor Links is a non-executive director of a number of companies including

Telesure Holdings Limited, Allianz Global Corporate and Specialty Limited and

TerraSan Limited. He has also been appointed as a Professor Extraordinaire at the

University of Stellenbosch Business School. Previously he served as a member of The

Presidential Advisory Council on B-BBEE as well as the South African Ambassador to

the European Union, Belgium and Luxembourg and as the Permanent Representative

of South Africa at the World Bank and International Monetary Fund, Washington DC.

YOUNAID WAJA (69)

Independent non-executive

Appointed: 6 June 2011

BCom (Hons), BCompt, CA(SA),

HDip Tax Law

Younaid is a tax, business and governance consultant, an independent director of JSE

companies and serves and has served as a member of audit, risk, social and ethics,

remuneration and investment committees. He has extensive experience across a range

of business sectors including telecommunications, property, asset management,

gaming, motor and transportation, and economic growth facilitation. Younaid has also

served as a director of various public sector and JSE companies. He was a senior

partner and executive chairman of APF Chartered Accountants Inc., a consortium of

black auditing and accounting firms. During his career he served as chairman of the

Public Accountants and Auditors Board (PAAB, now IRBA); vice president of the

Association for the Advancement of Black Accountants of Southern Africa (ABASA);

and an executive member of the Black Business Council (BBC). He is also a member of

the Income Tax Court.

63

Dipula Income Fund Integrated Annual Report 2021:

LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN

Dear Shareholder,

I am pleased to present Dipula’s remuneration report for the

2021 financial year.

The committee has continued its focus on reviewing the

group’s remuneration policy and on achieving an appropriate

remuneration mix that supports the company’s remuneration

philosophy of attracting and retaining competent and

qualified staff, whilst aligning the interests of stakeholders

with that of executive management in achieving sustainable

long-term performance and value creation.

The group’s remuneration principles and philosophy remain

the same as the previous year and will continue to be

monitored and implemented by the committee.

Establishing an appropriate remuneration framework has

resulted in a number of improvements to the remuneration

mix over the last few years. A key component being the

change to the Dipula Income Fund Limited Conditional

Share Plan to include the allocation of Dipula A shares in the

scheme, as management were previously awarded only

Dipula B shares.

Shareholders’ endorsement of the remuneration

policy and remuneration implementation report

2022 AGM

If the remuneration policy or remuneration implementation

report, or both, are voted against by more than 25% of the

votes cast at the AGM of the company to be held on

21 February 2022, the company will engage with dissenting

shareholders within 30 days of the AGM, to address all

legitimate and reasonable objections and concerns.

2021 AGM feedback

At the AGM on 15 February 2021, 88.76% voted for the

group’s remuneration policy and 72.88% for the remuneration

implementation report.

As a result of 27.12% of shareholders voting against the

remuneration implementation report, Dipula extended an

invitation to dissenting shareholders, as well as shareholders

who had not yet engaged with the company, in order to

address their concerns on the report. The concern raised by

the shareholders that responded to the request to provide

feedback centred around the special bonuses paid to

executives for the period when a dividend had not been

76

Dipula Income Fund Integrated Annual Report 2021

ACCOUNTABILITY

REMUNERATION REPORT:

letter to participants. The performance conditions applicable to the

third award of Dipula shares are detailed on page 83.

Avanti

82

Dipula Income Fund Integrated Annual Report 2021

ACCOUNTABILITY

REMUNERATION REPORT (CONTINUED):

letter relating to the annual financial statements that was signed by management;

 Reviewed the external auditor’s report including the key audit matters included in the report;



Confirmed that the REIT risk management policy has been complied with in all material respects, as further disclosed in the

governance review included in the integrated annual report; and

 Considered the JSE Proactive Monitoring Report and its impact on the annual financial statements.

EXTERNAL AUDITORS

In accordance with paragraphs 3.84(g)(iii) and 22.15(h) of the JSE listings requirements, the committee has satisfied itself that

the external auditor, Mazars, is independent of the group, as required by the Companies Act, which includes consideration

of compliance with criteria relating to independence or conflicts of interest as prescribed by the IRBA. Requisite assurance was

sought and provided by the auditor that internal governance processes within the audit firm support and demonstrate its claim

to independence.

The committee has also satisfied itself with the quality of the external audit work being performed by Mazars in respect of the

financial year-end under review.

There is a formal procedure that governs the process whereby the external auditor is considered for non-audit services. The

committee approved the terms of the service agreement for the provision of non-audit services by the external auditor and

approved the nature and extent of non-audit services that the external auditor provided in terms of the agreed pre-approval

policy. For the year under review, non-audit service fees paid to Mazars were immaterial relative to the audit fees.

The committee recommended the reappointment of Mazars as the external auditors with Susan Truter as the signing partner.

The 31 August 2022 financial year will be the third year of Mazars’ appointment as the company’s external auditor and

Susan Truter as lead partner.:

