Dear shareholders, ladies and gentlemen,

DKR looks back on a successful financial year

2020/2021 despite the persistence of the COVID 19

pandemic.

The beginning of the 2020/2021 financial year was

immediately marked by the second and third wave

of the pandemic. This led to government-imposed

lockdowns and restrictions in the German retail sec-

tor between mid-November 2020 and Whitsun 2021,

which mostly affected retailers that did not serve the

local supply. As in the previous year during the first

lockdown, DKR was only affected by this to a com-

par atively small extent due to its system-relevant

tenants such as food retailers, DIY stores, medical

practices, pharmacies and others: Voluntary rent

waivers to affected smaller tenants and value adjust-

ments on accrued rent receivables resulted in total

pan demic- related extraordinary expenses of around

EUR 2.6 million in the 2020/2021 financial year,

which corresponds to around 4 % of the current

annual rent of DKR‘s real estate portfolio. In this

respect, the negative effects of the pandemic for DKR

are very small, which repeatedly underlines the crisis

resistance of the business model.

Portfolio-wise, we acquired 13 additional retail prop-

erties totalling around EUR 120 million and an an-

nual rent of just under EUR 11 million in the last fi-

nancial year – a significant decline compared to the

previous year‘s record acquisition volume of around

EUR 182 million, but still a strong result in view of

the overall environment marked by the Corona pan-

demic, which temporarily brought the transaction

market to a standstill. In contrast, we were able to

successfully sell a property in Berlin-Pankow with a

change of benefits and encumbrances in September

2021. In addition, the regular external property valu-

ation resulted in a significant portfolio revaluation of

around EUR 58 million, which is due to the letting

successes of the Asset Management and the signifi-

cantly higher investor interest in this asset class.

Furthermore, for the first time DKR sold a sub-port-

folio of eight properties with an annual rent of

around EUR 3.9 million at total purchase prices of

around EUR 69.8 million with notarisations in Sep-

tember and November 2021, which corresponds to

a selling factor of 18 times the annual rent (this is

equiv alent to a yield of 5.6 %). Half of the resulting

capital gains will be reinvested in new properties

while the other half will be distributed as dividends.

As of 30 September 2021, the recognised real estate

assets comprise a total of 173 properties with a bal-

ance sheet value of around EUR 1,014 million and

an annual rent of approximately EUR 73 million. Ac-

cordingly, rental income rose from EUR 56.2 million

to EUR 69.7 million in a year-on-year comparison.

On the financing side, DKR was able to continue to

refinance itself extremely favourably by raising se-

cured and unsecured debt capital despite the crisis.

As a result, the net LTV as of 30 September 2021 is

53.2 %, moderately above the target of 50 % while

the average debt costs amount 1.90 %.

In its operational asset management, DKR was also

able to increase rents (like-for-like) by around 1.7 %

compared to the previous year and reduce the va-

cancy rate by 4.3 %. Value-enhancing modernisation

and revitalisation investments (capex) of around

EUR 18.6 million contributed to this, resulting in

significantly more attractive and higher-quality local

supply properties, for example at our locations in

Rostock, Hohenmölsen and Drebkau.

Overall, FFO increased by EUR 6.2 million to

EUR 41.2 million in the past financial year,

which corresponds to the adjusted FFO guidance

(EUR 40 million to EUR 41 million). NAV per share

increased by around 20 % to EUR 13.31 per share.

Despite the Company‘s continued strong growth and

operational successes, as well as the secondary listing

Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG To our shareholders

2:

Dear Shareholders,

In the 2020/2021 financial year, the Supervisory

Board of Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG duly fulfilled

the duties incumbent on it by law, the Articles of

Association and the rules of procedure.

Cooperation between the Supervisory Board and

the Management Board

The Supervisory Board continuously monitored and

advised the Management Board on the management

of the Company. The Supervisory Board was directly

involved in all decisions of fundamental importance

to the Company. The Management Board complied

with its duties to provide information and regularly,

promptly and comprehensively informed the Super-

visory Board both in writing and orally about

corporate planning, the course of business, the

strategic development and the current situation

of the Company and the current leases.

In addition, the Chairman of the Supervisory Board

was regularly informed by the Management Board

about current developments in the business situation

and significant business events outside of Supervisory

Board meetings. In addition, the Chairman of the

Supervisory Board kept in regular contact with the

Management Board and discussed issues of strategy,

planning, business development, risk situation and

risk management as well as compliance of the

Company.

The members of the Supervisory Board always had

ample opportunity to critically examine the resolu-

tions proposed by the Management Board and to

make their own suggestions. In particular, the mem-

bers of the Supervisory Board discussed all significant

business transactions for the Company on the basis

of written and verbal reports prepared by the Man-

agement Board and checked them for plausibility.

In several cases, the Supervisory Board dealt in detail

with the risk situation of the Company, liquidity

planning and the equity situation. In addition, the

Management Board also reported to the Supervisory

Board on the profitability of the Company, and in

particular the profitability of its equity, at the balance

sheet meeting. The Supervisory Board has given

its approval for individual business transactions

insofar as this was required by law, the Articles of

Association or the rules of procedure for the Manage-

ment Board.

The Company provides appropriate support to the

members of the Supervisory Board in their inaugu-

ration and in the training and further training mea-

sures. All members of the Supervisory Board are

given access to specialist literature and are reimbursed

for the costs of attending seminars and webinars

whose topics are relevant to the work of the

Supervisory Board.

Session attendance of the Supervisory Board

A total of four meetings of the Supervisory Board

were held during the reporting period, all of which

were held as virtual meetings (online with video and

audio transmission) due to the special pandemic-

related circumstances. If necessary, decisions were

also taken by written procedure. Approvals of draft

Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG Report of the Supervisory Board

18:

letter dated 26 February 2021. The declaration of the Manage-

ment Board is under reserve until approval by the auditor which will occur presumably in January 2022.

Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG

Potsdam, 9 December 2021

The Management Board

Rolf Elgeti

Chairman of the

Management Board (CEO)

Alexander Kroth

Member of the

Management Board (CIO)

Christian Hellmuth

Member of the

Management Board (CFO)

Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG Declaration of compliance with the requirements of the REITG

135:

