Managing Director within the Power

and Renewables team at Denham

Capital and prior to that was the CEO

of BioTherm Energy. With over 20 years’

experience in investing and building

companies in the energy and technology

sectors, she has previously worked

in private equity, investment banking

and strategy consulting in international

markets. She also worked for PCG Asset

Management in California, Lehman

Brothers in London, as well as Brait

Private Equity in South Africa.

She is a World Economic Forum Young

Global Leader and has been listed in the

Power Elites in 2017 and was winner of

the Africa Utility Week, 2019 Outstanding

Contribution to Power Award.

Qualifications

BCom (Hons), Chartered Financial

Analyst

Appointment date

1 July 2020

James was employed at Barnard

Jacobs Mellet, a prominent South African

stockbroker from 1996 to 2003 where

he covered various sectors including

real estate. James was the CEO of Emira

Property Fund from 2004 to 2015. He

is currently CEO of Castleview Property

Fund, a REIT listed on the JSE’s AltX.

Qualifications

BCom (Hons) (Wits), MCom Economics

(Wits), MSc Development Economics

(SOAS, London)

Appointment date

15 August 2017

Derek is the co-founder of Letsema, an

independent diversified holding company

with long-term interests in management

consulting and proprietary investments.

Over the past 20 years, Derek has

worked extensively across various

capacities within the Letsema Group.

He was appointed as a Non-executive

Director of Emira on 15 August 2017.

James Templeton (48)

Non-executive Director

I

Derek Thomas (51)

Independent Non-executive Director

F

Jasandra Nyker (48)

Independent Non-executive Director

F I ESG

Vuyisa Nkonyeni (52)

Independent Non-executive Director

A * R * ESG

Leadership continued

Key

Non-executive

E

Executive Committee

A

Audit Committee

R

Risk Committee

REM

Remuneration Committee

F

Finance Committee

ESG

Environmental, Social

and Governance Committee

I

Investment Committee

Chairman

10

Emira Property Fund

2021 Integrated Annual Report

Overview

Strategic

report

ESG

report

Additional

information:

Dear stakeholders

I hereby present the Company’s

Remuneration Report for 2021 on

behalf of the Emira Remuneration

Committee (“the committee”

or “Remco”) and the Company’s

Board of Directors.

PART 1

The recommendations of King IV have been adopted by the Company,

where possible, and the committee presents its three-part report below.

Part 1

Provides the Remco chairman’s statement, placing the decisions and

considerations taken during the reporting year, which influenced the

remuneration outcomes, in context.

Part 2

Discusses Emira’s remuneration philosophy and policy.

Part 3

Details the remuneration awarded during the year under review.

Pleasingly, at the 2020 annual general meeting, the remuneration policy

was approved by shareholders, receiving 90,95% of voting rights exercised,

and the implementation report received support of 84,83% of the voting

rights exercised. Engagement with stakeholders continues and the positive

response regarding the disclosure of the actual KPIs for the executives was

well received.

During Emira’s annual re-assessment of the application of its threshold KPIs

that are the key criteria in determining the level of annual STI payments to staff,

the KPIs were further refined to ensure that they even better represent the

philosophy of the team and ultimately drive the right behaviour which aligns

with the Emira Purpose — being great in the provision of great real estate.

The committee believes that the remuneration policy discussed below

continues to be in line with the Company’s strategic goals and short- to

long-term objectives, and the implementation thereof reflects continually

improved disclosure and strives to work towards further improvement

going forward in order to realise the principles and recommendations

of King IV and the Companies Act.

Vusi Mahlangu

Chairman

Bryanston

12 October 2021

PART 2

Introduction

The Company’s 2021 permanent staff complement totalled 24 employees

(2020: 24) comprising executive management, asset managers and

support staff.

Emira’s external outsourced property managers, Broll and the Feenstra

Group, deal with the daily property management functions in respect of

the Company’s property portfolio. During the year under review, property

management fees paid were R36,5 million (2020: R37,5 million).

Remuneration philosophy

Emira believes that it is very important that the working environment is

such that employees are able to thrive and deliver their best effort and

accordingly, the philosophy is that all employees should be remunerated and

rewarded fairly for their performance and contributions. Industry, market and

country benchmarks are used to ensure that employees’ pay

is market related. The benchmarking process is usually conducted every

three years and is assessed against the median of the benchmark.

The Company’s balanced approach to remuneration encourages employees

to achieve both the short- and long-term strategic goals of the Company.

The remuneration policy’s strategic objectives are to provide an enabling

work environment that results in the employment and retention of highly

skilled staff to ensure the Emira purpose is achieved and maximised,

ultimately resulting in distributable income growth and overall long-term, top

quartile returns to all stakeholders. Share ownership is also encouraged to

ensure long-term employee participation in the Company’s growth.

It is essential that Emira retains and remunerates its employees in a fair and

equitable manner that is comparable with the packages of its peer group.

To this end, a scheduled benchmarking exercise will be conducted in early

2022 against the benchmarking peer group of other listed and comparable

property companies.

In addition to their guaranteed packages and, depending on the level of

achievement of their KPIs and future performance hurdles, Emira employees

are also rewarded by way of incentives. This assists in the alignment of

the Company’s strategic goals with those of its staff which results in the

Company’s long-term sustainability and success despite the prevailing

challenging market conditions. Total guaranteed package (“TGP”), variable

annual short-term incentives (“STIs”) and long-term incentives (“LTIs”),

together with a share ownership facilitation plan, comprise the remuneration

pillars and are fully disclosed in this report.

103

Emira Property Fund

2021 Integrated Annual Report

Overview

Strategic

report

ESG

report

Additional

information:

letter of appointment,

and their remuneration, in the form of non-executive director

fees, is fairer for both the Company and the directors in comparison

with Emira’s peer group. All such contracts provide for a notice

period of 30 days and tenure/rotation is managed in accordance

with a pre-determined and declared policy.

Remuneration report continued

104

Emira Property Fund

2021 Integrated Annual Report

Overview

Strategic

report

ESG

report

Additional

information:

