managing director of the company.

To date, he has been responsible for the development of

27 retail assets totalling over 540 000m².

He currently still serves as both: managing director and

head of new developments for MPD.

An avid naturalist and conservationist, Jason is also

passionate about community upliftment and the positive

impact that it can have on the communities within which

Exemplar’s assets operate.

Position:

CEO

Qualifications:

BComm (Economics & Business

Management), BComm (Hons)

Business Management

Board committee:

Social and Ethics

Date of appointment: January 2018

Jason McCormick [42]

46

E X E M P L A R I N T E G R AT E D R E P O R T F O R T H E Y E A R E N D E D 2 8 F E B R U A R Y 2 0 2 1

managing director of Group

Five’s residential development business during the 1980s

and early 1990s, he started his 20-year tenure at the

Nedbank group in 1994.

In 1997 he was appointed the managing executive of

Nedcor Investment Bank’s property finance division

and, in 2004, he was appointed managing executive of

Nedbank Corporate Property Finance.

Frank has vast experience in both the equity and debt

financing of all aspects of the property industry and

served as a director on the boards of Sycom Property Fund

(18 years) and Acucap (11 years) until their acquisition by

Growthpoint. He currently serves on the Growthpoint board.

He was also chair of Hospitality Property Fund and a

director and chair of the audit committee of Attfund, one

of the largest unlisted property companies in South Africa,

before its sale to Hyprop.

Position:

Chair

Qualifications:

BComm, BAcc, CA(SA)

Board committee:

Audit and Risk, Remuneration

Date of appointment: January 2018

Other directorships:

Growthpoint

Independent

non-executive directors

Frank Michael Berkeley [64]

Phatudi is the founder and currently a senior partner in

the corporate and commercial department of Maponya

Inc. where he practises as an attorney. He has served as

the chair of Philane Occupational Health Care and also

Nation’s Capital, an advisory firm rendering services to the

private and public sectors.

Phatudi has fulfilled a number of other roles, including

having been a member of the Vista University audit

committee; the chair of the Police Support Mechanism

Trust; a part-time member of the Competition Tribunal;

chair of Noah Innovation – a stockbroking firm registered

with the JSE; and executive chair of North West Transport

Investments.

Position:

Non-executive director

Qualifications:

BProc, LLB, HDIP Company Law

Board committee:

Audit and Risk, Social and Ethics

(Chair)

Date of appointment: January 2018

Elias Phatudi Maponya (Phatudi) [56]

48

E X E M P L A R I N T E G R AT E D R E P O R T F O R T H E Y E A R E N D E D 2 8 F E B R U A R Y 2 0 2 1:

letter of representation to attend.

156

E X E M P L A R I N T E G R AT E D R E P O R T F O R T H E Y E A R E N D E D 2 8 F E B R U A R Y 2 0 2 1:

letter of representation,

in terms of their custody agreements, should they wish to

attend the AGM. Such shareholder must not complete the

attached form of proxy.

In terms of section 63(1) of the Companies Act, meeting

participants will be required to provide identification to the

reasonable satisfaction of the chair of the AGM and the

chair must be reasonably satisfied that the right of any

person to participate in and vote (whether as a shareholder

or as a proxy for a shareholder) has been reasonably

satisfied. Accordingly, valid identification is required

in order to verify the participants who are entitled to

participate in, vote and speak at the meeting – this applies

to both shareholders and proxies. Shareholders and

proxies should, therefore, ensure that such identification

is available on the day of the meeting. Acceptable forms

of identification include valid identity documents, drivers’

licences and passports.

In order to more effectively record the votes and give

effect to the intentions of shareholders, voting on all

resolutions will be conducted by way of a poll.

Telephonic

participation

Shareholders or their proxies may participate in

the meeting by way of telephone conference call.

Shareholders or their proxies who wish to participate in

the AGM via the teleconference facility will be required

to advise the Company thereof by no later than 15h00

on Monday, 12 July 2021, by submitting, by email to

the company secretary at ananda@exemplarreit.co.za,

relevant contact details including an email address,

cellular number and landline, as well as full details of the

shareholder’s title to the shares issued by the Company

together with proof of identity, in the form of copies of

identity documents and share certificates (in the case of

certificated shareholders), and written confirmation from

the shareholder’s CSDP (in the case of dematerialised

shareholders) confirming the shareholder’s title to the

dematerialised shares. Upon receipt of the required

information, the shareholder concerned will be provided

with a secure code and instructions to access the

teleconference facility during the AGM.

Shareholders who wish to participate in the AGM by way

of telephone conference call must note that they will not

be able to vote during the AGM. Such shareholders, should

they wish to have their vote counted at the AGM, must, to

the extent applicable (i) complete the form of proxy; or (ii)

contact their CSDP or broker, as set out above.

In light of the directive announced on 23 March 2020 by the

President of South Africa in terms of section 27(1) of the

Disaster Management Act, No. 57 of 2002 implementing a

nationwide lockdown with effect from 26 March 2020 and

which has been extended from time to time (‘Lockdown’),

and the guidance from the South African Government

regarding the need for social distancing, as a result of

the COVID-19 pandemic, shareholders are encouraged to

make use of proxies at the AGM. In the event of a future

Lockdown, future regulations or directives or preventative

measures relating to COVID-19, shareholders or their

proxies may be prevented from attending the AGM in

person. In such circumstances, Exemplar may determine,

by way of notice to shareholders published on SENS by

no later than 10 (ten) business days prior to the AGM,

that the AGM will take place entirely by electronic means

and/or that shareholders or their proxies will be entitled

to vote electronically, which notice will include details and

instructions of such arrangement.

Ananda Booysen

COMPANY SECRETARY

157:

letter of representation to do so, or provide the CSDP or broker timeously with their voting instructions should they not wish

to attend the AGM in order for the CSDP or broker to vote in accordance with their instructions at the AGM.

FOR USE BY CERTIFICATED AND OWN-NAME

DEMATERIALISED SHAREHOLDERS ONLY

Registration number:

2018/022591/06

Approved as a REIT by the JSE

JSE share code : EXP

ISIN: ZAE000257549

LEI: 3789000558287E37F130

(‘Exemplar’ or the ‘Company’)

Exemplar REITail Limited

(Incorporated in the Republic

of South Africa)

I/We

(names in block letters)

of

(names in block letters)

being the holder/s of

shares in the Company, do hereby appoint:

of

or failing him/her,

of

or failing him/her,

the chair of the AGM,

as my/our proxy to attend and speak and to vote for me/us and on my/our behalf at the AGM and at any adjournment

or postponement thereof, for the purpose of considering and, if deemed fit, passing, with or without modification, the

resolutions to be proposed at the AGM, and to vote on the resolutions in respect of the ordinary shares registered in my/

our name(s), in the following manner:

158

E X E M P L A R I N T E G R AT E D R E P O R T F O R T H E Y E A R E N D E D 2 8 F E B R U A R Y 2 0 2 1:

