Message from the Chairman

11

section 3 A Message from the CEO

14

18

21

26

27

41

49

section 4 How Arrowhead Operates

18

The Board

The Team

Company Structure

Corporate Governance

King IV Compliance

Risk Register

56

section 5 2021 Under Review

56

Executive Directors’ Report

section 6 Arrowhead’s Properties

58

58

74

Property Portfolio

Property Schedule

section 8 Sustainability

81

94

95

Stakeholder Engagement

Arrow for Change

87

91

section 10 Arrowhead’s Social and

Relationship initiatives

87

section 11 Arrowhead’s People

More About the Team, Diversity,

Employment Equity, ICAS

section 12 Intellectual Capital

99

section 13 Remuneration Report

103

section 14 Financials

114

115

129

Report of the Audit and Risk Committee

Financials

223

225

section 15 Administration

212

section 16 Shareholders’ Diary

213

section 17 Notice of AGM

214

section 18 Form of Proxy

Notes to the Form of Proxy

section 19 Definitions

228

section 9 Arrowhead’s Environment

82

The Board

Corporate Governance

King IV Compliance

Notice of AGM

Remuneration Report

Financials:

Message from the Chairman

CHAIRMAN’S REPORT

The general state of the economy typically provides the context against which a

review of a year’s trading should take place. In South Africa’s case, however, the

economy’s performance has been both overshadowed and influenced by two

extraordinary events which have placed further strain on businesses operating in

the country.

COVID-19 is of course a global phenomenon which has left a trail of economic

hardship in its wake, particularly among poorer countries. In South Africa, the

pandemic’s legacy has compounded already high levels of unemployment, poverty

and inequality.

South Africa’s economy was underperforming before COVID-19, and government’s

limited response to supporting economic activity during COVID-19 was further

compromised by poor governance and continued alleged deep-seated corruption.

The government has also been the subject of criticism at its slow and ineffective

healthcare response, only further delaying a recovery and restoration of

business confidence.

Nevertheless, after 15 months of varying levels of lockdown, vaccines have become

something of a game changer which, along with established protocols such as social

distancing, mask wearing and sanitising offer the most hopeful and promising way

out of COVID-19’s storm, notwithstanding the occurrence of newer strains.

Some companies were already looking for ways to cut costs before the pandemic,

and the reduction of rental costs has been seen as a meaningful way to do this.

COVID-19 only exacerbated this.

The debate between employer and employee around “where to work” is active

in many parts of the world – work from the office, a hybrid solution or work from

home. While it is true that in some lines of work there will inevitably be a greater

degree of location flexibility, in others, the model will shift back to offices in time,

albeit at a lower level than before.

There are many factors which have unsurprisingly softened demand for office and

retail space in the past year, and we expect the market to remain fluid until society

adjusts to the “new normal” of learning to live and work with a constant presence

of the virus and any mutations and new strains that may evolve.

If a sluggish economy and the pandemic’s effects were not enough, an attempted

insurrection in July 2021 began in KwaZulu-Natal and quickly spread to parts

of Gauteng. The state’s response was slow, the damage to property significant,

the scale of theft from shops and factories enormous – and lives were lost. The

damage to investor confidence and the economy were immeasurable.

Fortunately, communities united to restore order, as did Arrowhead’s team.

We deployed additional security to our sites and damage to property was

relatively limited. We did, however, sacrifice rental income as we helped affected

tenants recover.

The healthcare and lockdown consequences of COVID-19, coupled with the unrest,

are derailing what economic recovery momentum there might have been, and

exacerbating an already difficult property market with added pressure on rental

escalations and rising vacancy levels.

The Board

Corporate Governance

King IV Compliance

Notice of AGM

Remuneration Report

Financials:

Message from the Chairman

Despite these conditions, we have successfully sold many properties

which did not fit our plans, reducing gearing, and strengthening our

balance sheet. We have also done extremely well in reletting space, both

in terms of renewals and new lease activity.

Sadly however, my predecessor Matthew Nell passed away earlier

this year. Matthew was appointed as an independent non-executive

director when Arrowhead listed in 2011 and had been Chairman

since 2015. We all will miss his positive energy, his wisdom and his

passion for Arrowhead, the property market, and the country. He was

undeniably committed to all three and felt it was his responsibility, no

matter the time commitment, to be fully involved and apprised with

all aspects of the business.

Just as Matthew had been ever-present since Arrowhead’s founding in

2011, so too has Mark Kaplan, who was appointed CEO in 2017.

Arrowhead Properties listed on the JSE in December 2011

The Board

Corporate Governance

King IV Compliance

Notice of AGM

Remuneration Report

Financials:

Message from the Chairman

Mark had been: managing director of Aengus Property Holdings and involved in

various entrepreneurial ventures before co-founding Arrowhead together with

the late Gerald Leissner in 2011. As co-founder, Mark joined Arrowhead as COO in

2011 to support Gerald as CEO, before taking over as CEO upon Gerald’s untimely

passing. During Mark’s decade-long tenure he has led with integrity, determination,

drive and ambition. He has demonstrated excellent management and leadership

skills, building, from the ground up, a highly capable, cohesive, and motivated

management team, driven by performance and results. Mark will be leaving

Arrowhead once the merger with Fairvest is finalised. His absence will no doubt be

profoundly felt, and he will be sorely missed.

Our CFO, Junaid Limalia, will also be leaving Arrowhead when the merger is

finalised. Junaid, a CA, held various positions at SARS before joining Gemgrow as

CFO in January 2017 and thereafter continuing in the same role post the merger

with Arrowhead in 2019. He has been an outstanding CFO, demonstrating a deep

knowledge of all aspects of the business and involving himself beyond the scope

of a traditional CFO role, adding real value in many aspects of the business.

Junaid’s commitment, integrity and work capacity are hard to match.

We thank Mark and Junaid sincerely for their immense contributions to Arrowhead

and wish them well for the future.

For personal reasons, pursuant to the merger, Taffy Adler, Sam Mokorosi, and

I have decided to step down from the board. It has been an absolute pleasure

serving the Company.

It is also my pleasure to thank the Board, management, and staff at Arrowhead

and Indluplace for successfully navigating another challenging, turbulent year.

Collaboration, resilience, and innovation have been their guiding lodestars.

We are confident the transaction involving Arrowhead and Fairvest is in the best

interests of shareholders and stakeholders and the friendly nature of pre-merger

discussions provides the platform for constructive engagement and integration in

the months ahead.

The year ends, then, on a positive note. Arrowhead has weathered the storms and

starts 2022 with the right properties to deliver long-term income growth. Darren

Wilder and Jacques Kriel will lead the business into the new year with the support

and best wishes of all in the business.

G Kinross

Managing Director;

Executive Assistant to the STANLIB Limited

CEO; and Project Manager at Liberty Properties

Limited. From 2005 to 2010, Nozipho was the

Finance and Operations Manager at the Public

Investment Corporation where she helped manage

a R26 billion property fund and spearheaded

the establishment of an in-house property

management function.

Sam Mokorosi

Sam is the Head of Origination and Deals at

JSE Limited. He is a seasoned financial services

executive, with 20 years experience in property

finance, the bond market, corporate finance and

private equity. He has successfully executed

corporate finance and private equity transactions

worth R40 billion. He has worked at Vunani

Capital, Standard Bank, Quartile Capital, IHS

Investments and Cadiz Corporate Solutions.

THE BOARD

Arrowhead Properties Integrated Annual Report 2021 | 18

Corporate Governance

King IV Compliance

Notice of AGM

Remuneration Report

Financials

The Board:

letter of representation, or they must provide the CSDP or broker with their

voting instructions in terms of the relevant custody agreement entered into between

them and the CSDP or broker. These shareholders must not use a form of proxy.

For administrative purposes forms of proxy should be deposited with the

transfer secretaries, JSE Investor Services (Pty) Limited, 13th Floor, 19 Ameshoff

Street, Braamfontein, 2001 or by fax on 086 674 2450 or by email to

meetfax@jseinvestorservices.co.za to be received by 11h00 on

Thursday, 24 February 2022. Alternatively, the form of proxy may be handed to

the Chairman of the Annual General Meeting or to the transfer secretaries at the

Annual General Meeting at any time prior to the commencement of the Annual

General Meeting or prior to voting on any resolution proposed at the Annual

General Meeting.

Any shareholder who completes and lodges a form of proxy will nevertheless be

entitled to attend, speak and vote in person at the Annual General Meeting should

the shareholder decide to do so.

A company that is a shareholder, wishing to attend and participate at the Annual

General Meeting should ensure that a resolution authorising a representative to

so attend and participate at the Annual General Meeting on its behalf is passed by

its directors.

Resolutions authorising representatives in terms of section 57(5) of the Companies

Act must be lodged with the Company’s transfer secretaries prior to the Annual

General Meeting.

Arrowhead does not accept responsibility and will not be held liable for any failure

on the part of the CSDP or broker of a dematerialised shareholder to notify such

shareholder of the Annual General Meeting or any business to be conducted thereat.

By order of the Board

Arrowhead Properties Limited

20 January 2022

Section 17 Notice of AGM

The Board

Corporate Governance

King IV Compliance

Remuneration Report

Financials

Notice of AGM:

