Managing director and CEO

Independent non-executive director

4 /

Bram Goossens

5 /

Benjamin (Ben) Monaheng Kodisang

6 /

Hermina (Ina) Christina Lopion

Independent non-executive director

Independent non-executive director

Independent non-executive director

2 /

6 /

1 /

3 /

4 /

5 /

Our board of directors forms the core of the values and ethics Fortress subscribes to,

supported by various bodies and sub-committees. We sustain these values and ethics

through our directors’ standing and reputation in the business community, their belief in freely

and fairly dealing in utmost good faith, and their unwavering respect for laws and regulations.:

Managing director and CEO

BBusSci (Fin) (Hons), CA(SA), CFA

Date of appointment: April 2016 (alternate

director); July 2019 (CEO)

Mr Brown joined Fortress from Capital Property

Fund after its acquisition in December 2015. He

entered the property industry in 2008 as a listed

property analyst for Corovest after completing his

articles. Following this, Mr Brown joined Standard

Bank’s global markets division in the equity

derivatives ﬁ nance team, thereafter joining the

South African real estate division, where he focused

on structured lending and equity transactions. He

has been involved with several listed real estate

companies since 2013, focusing on deal origination

and structuring. Since 28 April 2020, Mr Brown has

been a non-independent non-executive director of

NEPI Rockcastle.

Committee: Property and investment

3 /

TC Chetty (55)

Independent non-executive director

BA (Economics and Geography), Master of Town

and Regional Planning, Diploma in Business

Management

Date of appointment: February 2021

Mr Chetty is a professional town and regional

planner, with a degree in economics. With over

25 years of experience in the property sector,

he is the CEO of TC Chetty and Associates, a

consultancy business providing services in business

strategy, development planning, development

economics, planning project management, training

and development coordination. Mr Chetty is

also the partner development and public affairs

manager in South Africa for the Royal Institute

of Chartered Surveyors (“RICS”). Previously, he

acted as president and board member of the

South African Property Owners Association

(“SAPOA”) and currently serves as the chairperson

of Immedia, a specialist mobile app development

and media strategy company.

Committees: Property and investment;

remuneration

4 /

Bram Goossens (43)

Independent non-executive director

BCom (Hons), Post-graduate Diploma

(Accounting), CA(SA)

Date of appointment: June 2021

Mr Goossens served as the CFO of Equites

Property Fund Limited (“Equites”) from 2014

to December 2019. He also previously served

as the chairperson of the accounting and

JSE committee of the SA REIT Association

(“SA REIT”), and was instrumental in drafting

and releasing the second edition of the SA

REIT Best Practice Recommendations. Prior to

joining Equites, Mr Goossens was a partner at

PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc (“PwC”) in Cape

Town, where he worked on some of PwC’s key

clients in the retail, industrial and property sectors

in the Western Cape. In early 2020, Mr Goossens

founded his own corporate advisory practice,

Blue Triangle, and advises several large corporate

and private equity ﬁ rms. Mr Goossens brings with

him a strong knowledge of IFRS, the JSE Listings

Requirements and other regulatory frameworks.

Committees: Audit; remuneration; social, ethics

and sustainability

5 /

Ben Kodisang (51)

Independent non-executive director

BCom (Accounting and Business Management),

BCompt (Hons), CA(SA)

Date of appointment: February 2021

Mr Kodisang is a chartered accountant and

the founder and CEO of ALT Capital Partners,

a specialised investment business focusing on

economic and social infrastructure. His expertise

was established over 25 years as CEO of Sanlam

Alternative Investments,: managing director of

STANLIB Asset Management and Africa, as well

as managing director of Old Mutual Property.

Mr Kodisang served as president and director of

SAPOA, chairperson of WESGRO (the Western

Cape’s trade, investments and destination

marketing agency), and was the ﬁ rst chairperson

of SA Corporate Real Estate Fund Limited,

among others.

Committees: Audit; property and investment

6 /

Ina Lopion (62)

Independent non-executive director

BSc, Executive Development Programme

Date of appointment: January 2020

Ms Lopion has a BSc degree from Stellenbosch

University and qualiﬁ cations in executive

leadership. She has an in-depth knowledge of

the South African property market, gained over

more than 28 years in the industry. She plays

an active role in industry leadership and was a

director of the South African Council of Shopping

Centres (“SACSC”). Ms Lopion previously served

as an executive director of Vukile Property Fund

Limited, and held various positions at Sanlam

Properties and Gensec Property Services.

Committees: Risk (chairperson); property and

investment; remuneration

7 /

Susan Ludolph (57)

Independent non-executive director

BCom, BAcc, CA(SA)

Date of appointment: December 2018

Ms Ludolph played a driving role in South

African and international business reporting.

She has served as an independent member

of the Discovery Health Medical Scheme’s

audit committee for six years, and was an

independent member of the Discovery Health

Medical Scheme’s risk committee for four years.

From 2014 to 2019, Ms Ludolph was a judge

for the PwC Building Public Trust Awards. She

was previously the project director: ﬁ nancial

reporting for the South African Institute of

Chartered Accountants (“SAICA”), cofounded

the CFO Forum of South Africa, was the national

recruitment partner for Deloitte, and was the

dean of the commerce faculty and director of

the Midrand campus for Educor Limited. She

established and implemented the strategy and

work plan of South Africa’s ﬁ rst top 100 CFO

Forum, which guides, inﬂ uences and leads on

issues affecting CFOs and business. Ms Ludolph

has experience in ﬁ nancial and integrated

reporting, tax, risk management and governance.

Committees: Audit (chairperson); risk; social,

ethics and sustainability

8 /

Vuso Majija (42)

Executive director

DCE (Cape Technikon), BSc (Hons) (Property

Studies), MBA (Gordon Institute of Business

Science (“GIBS”))

Date of appointment: May 2017

Mr Majija has been part of Fortress since its

listing in 2009. He has 15 years’ extensive

experience in property and asset management

of commercial, industrial and retail properties.

Mr Majija heads up Fortress’ retail portfolio and is

responsible for developments, redevelopments,

extensions, national tenant relations, acquisitions

and disposals. He previously served on

Pangbourne Properties Limited’s board as an

alternate director. From 6 June 2018, Mr Majija

served on the board of NEPI Rockcastle as a

non-independent, non-executive director. Since

28 April 2020, he has been an alternate director

to Mr Brown on the NEPI Rockcastle board.

He also serves as a director of the SACSC.

Committee: Property and investment

managing director. He will be

joined by two senior executives in Poland,

being a head of development and a head

of leasing. The agreement with the existing

developer from which we acquired the

assets in Bydgoszcz and Stargard was

discontinued, except as it relates to

Hall D in Stargard, which is currently under

construction. The remaining developments

on these sites will now be managed

in-house.

Europe outlook

The outlook for these assets is positive, and

the in-country team is focused on rolling out

developments within the existing parks.

Vacancies

Total vacancies, measured as a percentage of GLA, increased marginally from 6,8% at 31 December 2020 to 7,4% at 30 June 2021,

although down from 8,9% at 30 June 2020.

Sectoral vacancy

Based

on GLA

Jun 2021

%

Based on

GLA

Dec 2020

%

Based on

value

per m2 of

building

Jun 2021#

%

Based on

value

per m2 of

building

Dec 2020#

%

Total* (including CEE)

7,4

6,8

4,6

5,2

Logistics – South Africa

3,8

4,3

2,4

3,7

Retail

3,7

5,3

2,6

3,3

Industrial

13,0

7,9

12,4

7,4

Ofﬁ ce

28,1

26,8

26,0

24,9

Other^

2,7

2,9

0,6

1,3

Logistics – CEE

1,5

–

2,0

–

Information based on management accounts.

* Vacancy statistics at 30 June 2021 exclude Oak Avenue Highveld, an ofﬁ ce building of 11 700m2, which is shown as held for sale. This property is being sold

pursuant to an award of a tender from the Department of Public Works to lease the property for ﬁ ve years. At year-end, there is a binding lease offer in favour

of the buyer and the transfer remains subject to certain conditions precedent.

# Vacancy based on the Rand value rate per square metre (100% of GLA and value) of the building.

^ Includes a hotel, residential units, a motor dealership and serviced apartment properties.:

managing director and CEO’s role, with the

chairperson being independent;

• The board comprises a majority of

independent non-executive directors;

• The audit; property and investment;

nomination; remuneration; risk and social,

ethics and sustainability committees

comprise a majority of independent non-

executive directors;

• Non-executive directors do not hold service

contracts;

• All directors have access to the advice and

services of the company secretary; and

• All directors are entitled to seek independent

professional advice concerning the

company’s affairs at the company’s expense

and with prior consent from the chairperson.

Based on an assessment conducted during

the year, our non-executive directors are

considered independent in terms of King IV™

and the JSE Listings Requirements and JSE

Debt Listings Requirements. Independence

evaluations are performed annually.

The following independent non-executive directors chaired our board’s various sub-

committees:

• Audit committee

Mr Djurk Venter until his retirement from the board on 11 June 2021. Ms Susan Ludolph was

subsequently appointed as chairperson.

• Nomination committee

Mr Robin Lockhart-Ross.

• Risk committee

Ms Susan Ludolph, until 11 June 2021, upon which Ms Ina Lopion was appointed as

chairperson.

• Property and investment committee

Mr Jan Potgieter.

• Remuneration committee

Ms Tshiamo Matlapeng-Vilakazi, until her passing on 20 September 2020. Mr Lockhart-Ross

was then appointed as interim chairperson.

• Social, ethics and sustainability committee

Ms Matlapeng-Vilakazi until August 2020, whereafter Ms Vuyiswa Ramokgopa was

appointed as chairperson.

Independent non-executive directors are directors who have not been employed by the group

for the preceding three years and are not related to the group or any shareholder, supplier,

customer or other director of the group in a way that would compromise their integrity,

impartiality or objectivity. They have and will continue to have signiﬁcant inﬂuence at meetings.

During 2021, the nomination committee ensured that no independent non-executive

director chairs more than one committee and has opined that all non-executive directors are

independent.

Chairperson

Fortress has a unitary board with an independent non-executive director as chairperson. The chairperson oversees the board’s effective

functioning. In his leadership role, he is involved in setting the group’s strategic direction and ensures effective corporate governance practices.

After 30 June 2020, Fortress deviated from the following King IV™ recommendations:

• The board chairperson should not be a member of the audit committee; and

• The board chairperson may be a member of the remuneration committee but should not be the committee chairperson.

Mr Lockhart-Ross was appointed as independent non-executive chairperson of our board following Dr Iraj Abedian’s retirement on 30 June 2020.

Mr Lockhart-Ross remained an audit committee member upon his appointment as board chairperson, seeing as he had the required skill,

competence and knowledge required of an audit committee member. Following the appointment of Mr Ben Kodisang, who meets the required

skill, competence and knowledge required of an audit committee member, Mr Lockhart-Ross resigned from the audit committee.

Mr Lockhart-Ross was also appointed as remuneration committee chairperson on 28 September 2020 due to Ms Matlapeng-Vilakazi’s

passing. The loss of Ms Matlapeng-Vilakazi necessitated the appointment of Ms Lopion to the committee and Mr Lockhart-Ross as interim

chairperson until the annual review of the 2021 remuneration cycle is concluded. The board is aware that Mr Lockhart-Ross’ appointment

as both board and remuneration committee chairperson is not in accordance with the recommendations of King IV™. His appointment is

intended only as an interim arrangement as Mr Lockhart-Ross served on the committee for two years and, together with Ms Matlapeng-Vilakazi,

attended meetings with shareholders during November 2019 prior to the annual general meeting to engage with them on our remuneration

implementation policy. The board will appoint a new chairperson to the remuneration committee during the 2022 calendar year.

Refer to pages 20 to 23 for details of directors and their dates of appointment, other listed directorships, and career and sphere of inﬂ uence

synopses.

Environmental,

social and

governance

Fortress REIT Limited

Integrated Report 2021

104:

