Dear Shareholders

I am pleased to present the Corporate Governance report for 2021.

The Company is subject to the UK Corporate Governance Code 2018

(the Code). The Code is available on the website of the Financial

Reporting Council at www.frc.org.uk. The purpose of the Code is to

promote the highest ethical and governance standards for UK

premium listed businesses to contribute to long-term sustainable

success. I confirm that the Company has applied all of the principles

and complied with all of the provisions of the Code in full during 2021.

The Company’s compliance with the Code is reported against each of

the five main sections of the Code: Board leadership and Company

purpose; division of responsibilities; composition, succession and

evaluation; audit, risk and internal control; and remuneration.

The Company’s disclosures on the way it has applied the principles

of the Code can be found throughout this Annual Report on the

following pages:

Table 43

Code section

Page

Board leadership and Company purpose

The role of the Board

50

Purpose and strategy

50

Culture and values

50

Stakeholder and workforce engagement

51

Division of responsibilities

The roles of the Directors

52

Director commitment

53

Board Committees

53

Board support

54

Composition, succession and evaluation

Composition and succession

54

Board effectiveness review

54

Nomination Committee report

59

Audit, risk and internal control

Risk management and internal controls

54

Fair, balanced and understandable assessment

55

Audit Committee report

62

Remuneration

Directors’ Remuneration report

66

Board leadership and

Company purpose

The role of the Board

The primary duty of the Board is to promote the long-term success of

the Company through setting a clear purpose and strategy which

creates long-term value for its stakeholders. It aligns the Group’s

culture with its strategy, purpose and values and sets the strategic

direction and governance of the Group. The Board has ultimate

responsibility for the Group’s management, direction and

performance and ensuring that sufficient resources are available to

enable management to meet the strategic objectives set.

The Board undertakes various duties in accordance with the Matters

Reserved to the Board, including approving major acquisitions,

disposals, capital expenditure and financing. The Board also oversees

the system of internal controls, corporate governance and risk

management, including climate-related risks and opportunities, and

approves the annual Business Plan.

Details of the Board of Directors of the Company are set out on page 49

and further information on each Director can be found on the

Company’s website at www.hammerson.com. Details of the various

Director roles are set out in the ‘Division of responsibilities’ section on

page 52.

Purpose and strategy

The Group has a clear purpose: we are an owner, operator and

developer of sustainable prime urban real estate.

The Board has been focused on providing leadership and support to

the Executive team as well as an objective, independent and

constructive view on strategy and the business. The Executive team

and senior management undertook a strategic and organisational

review in the first half of the year. The review was aimed at reducing

operating costs and ensuring the Group concentrates on optimising

our current space, accelerating our development pipeline and building

the right capabilities for an owner, operator and developer of prime

urban estates. The results of the review were set out in August in the

form of a strategy for long-term success based on a more conservative

capital structure; a more accountable and empowered culture; and the

ability and capability to innovate and exploit opportunities within our

existing portfolio and beyond. Further detail on how the Company

generates and preserves value over the long term is set out in the Chief

Executive’s statement on pages 4 to 8 and Our business model on page 9.

Culture and values

The values of ambition, respect, collaboration and responsibility are

embedded in the business. Following the strategic review and the

organisational changes during 2021, the senior leadership team will

work with colleagues in 2022 to review and refine Hammerson’s

values to reflect our new strategy, with appropriate oversight and

input from the Board.

Hammerson plc Annual Report 2021

50:

Dear Shareholders

I am pleased to present the Report of the Nomination Committee

(the Committee) covering the work of the Committee during 2021.

The Committee comprises all our Non-Executive Directors and

its terms of reference can be found on the Company’s website at

www.hammerson.com. The Committee is responsible for

recommending appointments to the Board and ensures that plans

have been put in place for the orderly succession to the Board, its

Committees and the senior management team. This includes the

development of a pipeline of potential candidates to the Board and the

senior management team with the necessary skills and experience,

while also taking into account diversity.

During the year, the Committee has undertaken searches for the Chief

Financial Officer and a new Non-Executive Director. In accordance

with the Board’s succession planning, the Committee engaged an

external search consultancy, Odgers Berndtson, to assist with these

processes and to identify potential candidates from the wider market.

Other than in the provision of recruitment services, Odgers Berndtson

did not have any connection with the Company or any of its Directors.

Odgers Berndtson has also been accredited as complying with the

Enhanced Voluntary Code of Conduct for Executive Search Firms

(FTSE 350), in line with objectives of the Board Diversity Policy (see

further information on pages 60 and 61) and the Company’s

commitment to maintaining a diverse pipeline of talent. More details

of the recruitment and appointment processes are set out below.

Nomination Committee members

Robert Noel (Chair)

Habib Annous (appointed 5 May 2021)

Pierre Bouchut (resigned 4 May 2021)

Méka Brunel

Gwyn Burr

Mike Butterworth (appointed 1 January 2021)

Des de Beer

Andrew Formica

Adam Metz

Carol Welch

Nomination Committee report

Appointment of the Chief Financial Officer

Following James Lenton’s notice of resignation in January 2021, the

Committee engaged Odgers Berndtson to assist with the search for his

successor. Odgers Berndtson drew up a shortlist of external and

internal candidates, each of whom was interviewed by members of the

Committee as part of a rigorous, multi-stage process. The Committee

subsequently made a recommendation to the Board for the

appointment of Himanshu Raja due to his significant experience as

Chief Financial Officer of listed companies across multiple sectors, the

benefit of his extensive prior experience in transformation and capital

markets, and his blend of strong financial, strategic and leadership

qualities. Himanshu joined the Board as Executive Director and Chief

Financial Officer on 26 April 2021.

Appointment of a Non-Executive Director

During February 2021, Odgers Berndtson also assisted the

Committee with the appointment of an additional Non-Executive

Director. The Board indicated that it wished to bring wider

investment market knowledge and an investor perspective to its

discussions. On 5 May 2021, Habib Annous joined the Board as a

Non-Executive Director, and joined the Nomination, Audit and

Remuneration Committees.

On appointment, both Himanshu and Habib each received a thorough

and tailored induction to the Group which involved meeting with

members of the senior management team with responsibility for

operational and functional areas, and with key external advisers to

the Board to gain wider perspectives on Hammerson and its sector,

and the law and governance issues relevant to the Directors. The

induction meetings were carried out remotely to comply with the

regulations introduced in the UK and Europe to deal with the Covid-19

pandemic. Both Directors subsequently visited the majority of the

Group’s assets by value once the travel restrictions had been lifted

and met with local management to gain important insights into the

business and its strategy.

Appointment of an Alternate Director

On 22 February 2022, the Company announced that Des de Beer,

Non-Executive Director, appointed Alan Olivier to act as his alternate

when he is unable to attend Hammerson plc Board and Committee

meetings due to his ongoing commitments as CEO of a listed company

in South Africa. This is in accordance with the Company’s Articles

of Association.

www.hammerson.com

59

Governance

Nomination Committee report:

Dear Shareholders

As Chair of the Audit Committee (the Committee) I am pleased to

present my first report of the Committee for the year ended

31 December 2021. This report provides insight into the activities

undertaken by the Committee during the year and explains its

performance against the terms of reference and information on its key

activities in accordance with the annual work plan.

The Committee continues to have a key governance role for the

Company and reviews, on behalf of the Board and shareholders,

important matters relating to financial reporting, internal controls,

risk management, and compliance with laws and regulations. The

terms of reference of the Committee are available on the Group’s

website at www.hammerson.com.

Audit Committee members

Each member of the Committee is an Independent Non-Executive

Director. The Chair of the Board is not a member of the Committee but

may attend its meetings by invitation.

The Committee has deep knowledge and significant business

experience in financial reporting, risk management, internal control

and strategic management. This combined knowledge and experience

enables us to perform our duties properly.

In addition, the Board considers that the members of the Committee

as a whole have relevant sector knowledge. I also meet the

requirement to bring recent financial experience to the Committee.

More information about the Committee members’ skills and

experience are set out on page 49.

The role of the Audit Committee

The Committee supports the Board in fulfilling its responsibilities in

relation to:

– Ensuring that management has systems and procedures in place to

ensure the integrity and accuracy of financial information

– Considering significant financial issues, judgements and estimates

– Reviewing the internal control and risk management systems,

including those to identify emerging risks

– Ensuring the Group has appropriate levels of scrutiny through

oversight of the Company’s internal and external audit

arrangements

– Managing the relationship and reviewing the effectiveness,

objectivity and the independence of the External Auditor, including

agreeing the scope of work and the level of fees

– Monitoring and reviewing systems and processes to ensure the

Group has an effective internal controls environment and complies

with laws and regulations

– Reviewing the Group’s contingent liabilities and related disclosures

– Reviewing the Group’s valuation process and valuations of the

Group’s property portfolio

Audit Committee meetings

The Committee met five times during the year. The agenda for each

meeting is planned around the Group’s annual reporting cycle and

includes particular matters for the Committee’s consideration. A

report is given to the Board following each meeting of the Committee.

The Chair of the Board, the Chief Executive, the Chief Financial

Officer and other members of the senior finance management team,

together with senior representatives of the Company’s External

Auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC), are invited to attend all

or part of meetings as appropriate. In order to fulfil its duties as set out

in its terms of reference, the Audit Committee receives presentations

and reviews reports from the Group’s senior management, consulting

as necessary with PwC.

The Committee meets, with no Company management present, at

least once a year with PwC, and at least once with the Group’s Director

of Audit, Enterprise Risk and Sustainability, who is responsible for the

internal audit function.

The valuers (Cushman & Wakefield, JLL and CBRE) and PwC have full

access to one another, and I personally met with the valuers and PwC

separately to discuss the half-year and year end valuation process and

ensured each is satisfied that there has been a full and open exchange

of information and views.

Audit Committee effectiveness review

For 2021, the review of the Audit Committee was carried out

internally. I can confirm that the Committee continues to perform its

role effectively with no significant concerns. The private sessions of

the Committee also provide further opportunities to discuss matters

in connection with its effectiveness and to highlight any areas for

improvement or change.

The External Auditor and external audit

The appointment of PwC is subject to ongoing monitoring and the

Committee considered the effectiveness of PwC as part of the 2021

year end process.

The Committee took a number of factors into account when

considering the effectiveness of the external audit, including the

quality and scope of the audit plan and reporting. The Committee also

sought the views of key members of the finance team, senior

management and Directors on the audit process and the quality and

Audit Committee members

Mike Butterworth (Chair from 4 May 2021)

Habib Annous (appointed 5 May 2021)

Pierre Bouchut (retired as Chair and as a

member on 4 May 2021)

Gwyn Burr (retired 5 May 2021)

Andrew Formica

Adam Metz

Supporting the Board and acting in the long-term interests of stakeholders by thoroughly reviewing

and monitoring the integrity and accuracy of the Group’s financial and narrative reporting; its

compliance with laws and regulations, the internal control and risk management systems; and

managing the external and internal audit processes

Hammerson plc Annual Report 2021

62:

letter, while the Company satisfactorily

answered the queries raised by the IAASA. To address a number of

points raised in both letters, the Group has implemented some minor

disclosure enhancements in the 2021 financial statements.

Risk management

On behalf of the Board, the Audit Committee continued to review the

heightened risks and challenges to the Group from Covid-19, market

conditions, the macro economy and the financial position of the Group

throughout 2021. The Committee uses a number of tools to review the

Group’s risk management processes including the Group’s Risk

Management Framework, Risk Heat Map and Risk Dashboard. These

tools are regularly reviewed by the senior management team to ensure

that risks, both existing and emerging, are properly identified and

managed and the potential impact on the Group assessed. The

Committee also supported the Board in its annual review of the

Group’s risk appetite completed in December 2021.

The Committee confirms that it has carried out a robust assessment of

the Group’s risk management approach in 2021 and further details on

the Group’s approach to risk management is in the Risks and

uncertainties section on pages 36 to 43.

Internal audit and controls

Internal audit

The Group appointed a Director of Audit, Enterprise Risk and

Sustainability in late 2021 to strengthen the Group’s approach towards

controls assurance. The team reporting to the Director will comprise a

mix of dedicated in-house professionals and a co-source provider for

specialist assurance work such as relating to cybersecurity controls.

The Group is in the process of hiring an additional internal audit

manager with a background in financial control.

2021 internal audit plan

The 2021 internal audit plan was proposed by management for

approval by the Committee. The proposal took account of the Group’s

Risk Management Framework, and in particular the heightened

principal risks affecting the Group. Other key factors for consideration

were key areas of change for the Group and other audit areas which

had not been subject to recent internal audit. Examples of the

processes audited in 2021 are given below:

– Invoice approval and processing

– Capital expenditure controls (France only)

– Service charge management (France only)

Each of the audits confirmed the related areas were appropriately

controlled. Some recommendations for improvement were agreed

with management with clear timelines and responsibilities for

implementation. As a result of the impact of the restrictions

implemented in the UK, France and Ireland to deal with the Covid-19

pandemic, it was not effective to fully complete reviews concerning

flagship destination operations and turnover rents which had been

planned for 2021. The turnover rent review has been incorporated into

the 2022 internal audit plan (see below).

The Committee received internal audit updates throughout the year to

review progress of the plan and to track the completion of any

outstanding actions from earlier audits.

2022 internal audit plan

The Audit Committee approved the 2022 annual internal audit plan

based on the Group’s principal risks and a new annual cyclical plan

which will each year test the Group’s key financial controls.

The high-level plan for 2022 is given below:

Cyclical annual plan

Risk-based plan

– Turnover rents

– Balance sheet reconciliations

– Managing agents – accounting

services

– Capital expenditure controls

– Receivables

– Transformation programme

controls

– Lease management

– Cybersecurity controls

– Non-core portfolio

– Business continuity planning

www.hammerson.com

63

Governance

Audit Committee report:

Dear Shareholders

As Chair of the Remuneration Committee (the Committee) I am

pleased to present our Directors’ Remuneration report (the Report)

for the year ended 31 December 2021.

Context for the Committee’s decisions

As noted in the Chief Executive’s statement, 2021 was a year of

challenge but also of opportunity and transformation. We changed

our Chief Executive in November 2020 and our CFO in April 2021.

Together, they have led a change in many other of the senior

leadership positions and the new management team have delivered

improved Group performance alongside managing the impact of

Covid. They have strengthened the balance sheet through disposals

and refinancing and started to build a performance-based culture

focused on value creation and an asset-centric mindset.

In 2021 the Company delivered an improved financial performance

with Adjusted Earnings for 2021 of £80.9 million, significantly ahead

of the targets set for the year. This has been delivered with very

significant improvement in our collections with almost 90% of rent

due in 2021 collected as at the year-end.

With the half year results in August, the Company set out its new

strategic vision, focused on the four key building blocks of creating an

agile platform, delivering a sustainable and resilient capital structure,

reinvigorating our assets and accelerating development. Significant

progress has already been made during 2021 in each of these steps with:

– £503 million of disposals exchanged or completed in 2021

– The launch of a €700 million Sustainability Linked Bond with a

six-year maturity period and a 1.75% coupon, and new revolving

credit facilities which both extended and de-risked our debt

maturity profile

– Net debt reduced by £415 million

– Adjusted earnings increased from £37 million in 2020 to £80.9

million in 2021

– Significant progress made in managing the cost base leading to

annualised future savings of £14.3 million

Overall, this was, therefore, a strong year in the context of de-risking

the balance sheet and reshaping the business in line with the strategy.

I am conscious that shareholders may be interested in how we utilised

the various UK government subsidies available. In 2021 there was very

limited use of furlough (c.£120,000). The Company has voluntarily

repaid this amount to Government.

Remuneration policy

The current policy was approved at the AGM on 28 April 2020 with

91.34% of shares voted in favour. The last Report, which explained how

we applied that policy in 2020 and intended to do so in 2021, was also

approved with 95.5% of shares voted in favour. The policy will remain

in force until a revised policy is approved by shareholders at next

year’s AGM at the latest. Further information on the application of the

Policy during 2021 is detailed on pages 69 to 78. The Policy is shaped

by the following underlying principles that aim to achieve:

– Alignment of remuneration with strategy and stakeholder interests

– The long-term success of the Company

– Consistency and transparency

– The reward of performance with competitive remuneration

– Support for the Company's values

– A mixture of fixed remuneration, short-term and long-term

performance-related incentives

Executive Director changes

As I explained in my Report last year, the Company announced on

15 January 2021 that James Lenton would be stepping down as CFO

and from the Board on 26 April 2021, with his 12 months’ notice of

resignation taking effect on 18 January 2021. Mr Lenton was not

eligible for a bonus for 2021 and did not receive any RSS awards in the

year. After he stepped down, Mr Lenton received his salary and

benefits until 31 July, and subsequently continued membership of the

Company’s medical insurance scheme until 20 September. Because he

had resigned, all his outstanding LTIP/ RSS awards and deferred

bonuses lapsed.

Himanshu Raja joined the Company on 26 April 2021 as CFO and

Executive Director. Further details on his terms of appointment are

set out in the Report but briefly comprise:

– A lower pension allowance than Mr Lenton. The Committee took

the opportunity to reduce the pension salary supplement to align

with the Chief Executive, and both Executive Directors now receive

pension contributions at or below that offered to colleagues

– Equivalent ongoing bonus and RSS (compared with that envisaged

for Mr Lenton)

Hammerson plc Annual Report 2021

66:

