letter of

representation to participate in the annual general

meeting, in the manner stipulated in the relevant

custody agreement. The: letter of representation will

need to be submitted together with the completed

Electronic Participation Application Form to the

company’s transfer secretaries and to Heriot in the

manner and within the timeframe described above

under the section titled “Electronic participation”.

If these shareholders do not wish to participate

in the annual general meeting in person, they

must provide the CSDP or broker with their voting

instructions in terms of the relevant custody

agreement entered into between them and

the CSDP or broker.

Certiﬁcated shareholders and

dematerialised shareholders with

“own name” registration

Those certiﬁcated shareholders and dematerialised

shareholders with “own name” registration, who

wish to participate in the annual general meeting

(either in person or represented by proxy), must

submit a completed Electronic Participation

Application Form to the company’s transfer

secretaries and to Heriot in the manner and within

the timeframe described above under the section

titled “Electronic participation”.

By order of the board

CIS Company Secretaries Proprietary Limited

Company secretary

Johannesburg

29 October 2021

letter of

representation to attend the annual general meeting in person or by proxy and vote. If they do not wish to

attend the annual general meeting in person or by proxy, they must provide their CSDP or broker with their

voting instructions in terms of the relevant custody agreement entered into between them and the CSDP or

broker. These shareholders must not use this form of proxy.

Each shareholder is entitled to appoint one or more proxies (who need not be a shareholder of the company)

to attend, speak and vote in place of that shareholder at the annual general meeting. A proxy need not be a

shareholder of the company.

I/We

(names in block letters)

of

(address in block letters)

being the holder(s) of

shares in the company do hereby appoint

1.

or failing him/her

2.

or failing him/her

or failing him/her the chairman of the annual general meeting as my/our proxy to act for me/us at the

annual general meeting of the company to be held via a remote interactive electronic platform Microsoft

Teams, at 12:00 on Wednesday, 8 December 2021, and to vote for me/us on my/our behalf in respect of

the undermentioned resolutions.

Heriot REIT Limited

(Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa)

(Registration number: 2017/167697/06)

JSE share code: HET

ISIN: ZAE000246740

(“Heriot” or “the company”)

Form of proxy:

