Dear shareholders

It is pleasing to report that our employees have continued to respond with dedication and commitment to the challenges and

disruptions caused by Covid-19. This is particularly true of those who work on site, ensuring that our malls are safe for shoppers and

tenants, and operate to the fullest extent possible during the various lockdown restrictions.

It is noted that due to, inter alia, the impact of Covid-19 on Hyprop’s financial results, the executive and senior management were not

awarded increases in their Total Guaranteed Packages (TGP) for FY2021, nor did the executive directors receive FY2020 short-term

incentive (STI) bonuses. Furthermore, performance conditions relating to previously granted conditional shares in FY2017 were not met

and the awards were forfeited by CUP participants. Notwithstanding this, the leadership has remained steadfast in their endeavours,

protecting and ensuring the sustainability of the business. We are grateful for this approach and thank management for their attitude.

The Remuneration Committee (“RemCo”), in assessing performance and reward for FY2021, has taken this into account.

In addition to the granting of the long-term award in accordance with the Conditional Unit Plan (CUP) (excluding Retention shares),

RemCo has deemed it appropriate to allocate to the executive and senior management a once-off cash-settled incentive (‘Special

Allocation”), which is dependent on achieving performance conditions aligned to Hyprop’s strategy over a three year period.

We believe this award will assist in ensuring the leadership team remains focused during these unprecedented times. Details of the

Special Allocation are set out in Part B of the Remuneration report.

Our current CUP is nearing the end of its approved term and having regard to the significant changes in the environment that we

operate in, we are proposing a new remuneration policy for consideration by shareholders. We are in the final stages of drafting and will

table the new policy for approval by shareholders during the course of FY2022.

REMUNERATION GOVERNANCE

The board, through RemCo, ensures that remuneration is aligned with Hyprop’s strategic objectives and the reasonable expectations of

all stakeholders.

We regularly review our remuneration policies and practices to ensure they remain competitive, relevant, fair and responsible.

Our remuneration offerings reward employees who embody our values, excel at work and drive value creation in the short-, medium-

and long-term.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF REMCO

We wish to maintain a strong relationship with our stakeholders built on trust and a clear understanding of our remuneration policy

and implementation thereof. Our reporting aims to be comprehensive and transparent.

RemCo reviews the remuneration structure annually to ensure that it is:

• Appropriately performance based and linked to realistic performance objectives

• Supportive of the group’s strategic objectives

• Representative of best practice in the industry

RemCo ensures stakeholders can make informed assessments on reward practices and governance processes, and that the

remuneration practices are compliant with applicable laws and regulatory practices.

REMUNERATION

& NOMINATION

COMMITTEE

Employees

COVID-19

A

COLLABORATING TO DELIVER VALUE:

Managing director

BSc Hons (Building Science, UCT), Dip

Surveying (UK, Reading University),

Professional Registered Valuer and member of

SA Council for the Property Valuers Profession,

Chartered Valuation Surveyor and Associate

Member of the Royal Institute of Chartered

Surveyors (MRICS).

Canal Walk, Somerset Mall, CapeGate,

Rosebank Mall, Cradock Heights and

17 Baker Street (Retail and office)

Jones Lang LaSalle (JLL)

Joshua Askew

Head of valuation: Sub-Saharan

Africa, National director

BA (Hons) English and philosophy, MA Property

Valuations and Property Law, Fellow of and

Registered Valuer of the Royal institute of

Chartered Surveyors (FRICS and RICS), Licensed

Pfandbrief MLV Valuer, Recognised

European Valuer.

The Glen, Clearwater Mall, Hyde Park

Corner , Woodlands (Retail and offices)

Mills Fitchet

Thomas Bate

Partner / member

BSc (Urban Land Economics) University of

Westminster London, MSc (Reading University

UK), Chartered Valuation Surveyor (RICS).

Ikeja City Mall (Lagos, Nigeria) (Retail)

TYPE

VALUATION METHODOLOGY

UNOBSERVABLE INPUTS

INTER-RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN

UNOBSERVABLE INPUTS AND FAIR

VALUE MEASUREMENT

Investment

properties

– continuing

operations

Discounted cash flow: The valuation

models calculate the present value

of the future net cash flows expected

to be generated by each investment

property. The cash flow projections

include specific estimates for five

years. The expected net cash flows

are discounted using a risk adjusted

discount rate as well as a risk

adjusted capitalisation rate.

•

Estimated rentals at the

end of the current lease

•

Vacancy levels

•

Discount rate, and

•

Reversionary

capitalisation rate

•

Average market rental

growth rate

The estimated fair value increases if:

•

The estimated rentals increase

•

Vacancy levels decline

•

Discount rates (market yields)

decline or

•

Reversionary capitalisation rates

decline (and vice versa).

Investment

properties

– held-for-sale

Fair value: Investment property

held-for-sale is measured at fair

value which, in instances where

the property is already sold or the

subject of a binding sale agreement,

but not yet transferred, is based on

the anticipated sale price.

•

Anticipated sale price

E1.7.2 How

Details of the valuation methodologies used to value investment property, as well as the significant unobservable inputs used, are set

out in the table below:

Atterbury Value Mart and Ikeja City Mall are classified as held-for-sale and are carried at the anticipated sales proceeds (net of costs to

sell). See note E7.:

Letter: Presentation of pro forma financial information, dated 4 March 2010.

The independent reporting accountant’s assurance report on the Non-IFRS financial information is available on the Group’s website at

http://hyprop.co.za/annual-results.php

P1.1

SA REIT FUNDS FROM OPERATIONS (SA REIT FFO) PER SHARE

GROUP

June 2021

June 2020

R’000

R’000

Loss per IFRS Statement of comprehensive income (SOCI) attributable to the parent

(811 620)

(3 401 849)

Adjusted for:

Accounting / specific adjustments:

2 012 812

4 450 152

Fair value adjustments to:

Investment property

1 587 177

4 568 690

Equity instruments held at fair value through profit or loss

235 738

(314 528)

Debt instruments held at fair value through profit or loss

(16 665)

16 665

Asset impairments (excluding goodwill) and reversals of impairment

-

289 974

Deferred tax movement recognised in profit or loss

91 857

7 637

Straight-lining operating lease adjustment

114 705

(118 286)

Foreign exchange and hedging items:

(99 967)

224 599

Fair value adjustments on derivative financial instruments employed solely for

hedging purposes

(162 041)

221 200

Foreign exchange gains or losses relating to capital items – realised and unrealised

62 074

3 399

SA REIT FFO:

1 101 225

1 272 902

Number of shares outstanding at the end of the period (net of treasury shares)

307 439 291

254 245 325

SA REIT FFO per share (cents) :

358.2

500.7

Company-specific adjustments (cents per share)

(21.7)

(7.3)

Net interest adjustments

(0.6)

(1.6)

Gruppo non remittable income

(18.0)

(2.0)

Capital and other items

(4.4)

(2.3)

Effects of weighting of shares in issue

0.0

(1.4)

Equity accounted losses

1.3

-

Distributable income per share (cents):

336.5

493.4:

