Managing Director of Argosy, a European-based private equity and venture capital investment business.

Prior to Argosy, he worked at two international law firms as a commercial, private equity and funds lawyer.:

letter.

Reviewed and approved non-audit fees for the external auditor’s involvement in the bond issue process.

Reviewed and considered recommending to the Board the approval and release of the 31 December 2020 interim financial

statements.

Discussed with external auditor the interim review findings for the six months ended 31 December 2020.

June 2021

Reviewed and approved the annual and multi-annual Internal Audit Plan.

Discussed with external auditor the audit and review process for the 30 June 2021 financial statements.

Reviewed and approved updated Group policies within the committee’s overview, as well as the updated Group’s Internal

Controls Framework.

Reviewed and considered recommending to the Board the approval of the Audit and Risk Committee Terms of Reference.

REPORT OF THE AUDIT AND RISK COMMITTEE

GOVERNANCE:

letter of appointment, which clearly sets out

what is expected regarding commitment and

responsibilities, and

• ensuring formal succession plans for Board

members, CEO and senior management

appointments are in place and implemented.

Purpose

The Committee assesses and ensures that the

Board’s composition, skills, knowledge, and

diversity are appropriate to the challenges and

opportunities facing MAS.

Changes to the Board and succession

The terms of the Transaction entered with

Prime Kapital during November 2019, included

a three-year mandate for the appointed

executives to oversee the repositioning of the

business, a commitment to ensure that MAS

builds and sustainably retains the ability to

manage its income-generating investment

properties in CEE without reliance on third

parties and to strengthen its capacity to

manage and grow Central and Eastern

European investments. It was intended that

Martin Slabbert and Victor Semionov would

step down when the transition to CEE was

complete, and, given their pre-existing interest

in Prime Kapital and MAS’ pre-existing and

ongoing business relationship with Prime

Kapital via the DJV, returning full-time to Prime

Kapital.

Since November 2019, notable and rapid

progress has been made with the repositioning

of the business to CEE. The Board has had the

opportunity to work closely with impressive

management candidates, and, on 24 February

2021, appointed Irina Grigore as CFO and

Executive Director of MAS replacing Victor

Semionov who remained an Executive Director

of MAS.

Subsequent to year end, as announced on

26 August 2021, Victor Semionov stepped

down from the Board, and was replaced by Dan

Petrisor who was appointed Executive Director

(and, hence, is no longer an Alternate Director).

On the same date, the Board appointed Irina

Grigore (CFO) to the position of Deputy CEO.

Martin Slabbert will remain CEO for the time

being and will step down as an Executive

Director of MAS after the appointment of

a Deputy CFO, and leaving adequate time

for Irina to hand over to the new CFO prior

to assuming the CEO role. Jonathan Knight

stepped down as Alternate Director.

Following the above changes to the Executive

Directors, and the change in status of Melt

Hamman to Independent Non-Executive

Director, MAS’ Board comprises eight

Non-Executive Directors, of whom seven are

independent, and three Executive Directors,

of whom two have no affiliation to, or interest

in, Prime Kapital.

Werner Alberts was Interim Chairman

following the Transaction with Prime Kapital

in November 2019. Werner was originally

appointed to the Board in September 2018 and

was Lead Independent Director prior to being

appointed Interim Chairman. On 26 August

2021, Werner was appointed (permanent)

Chairman of the Board. Claudia Pendred,

who joined the Board in December 2019, and

has served on the Audit and Risk Committee

since then, was appointed Lead Independent

Director.

The Committee is satisfied with the Board’s

performance, skills and competence

and recommended for approval all the

aforementioned changes to the Board.

Independence of Directors

The interests of Independent

Non-Executive Directors are monitored to

ensure independence is not compromised, and

a review, based on King IV, ensures continued

independence. The Committee is satisfied

that the Independent Non-Executive Directors

remain independent, in both character and

judgement, and comply with the independence

requirements of King IV.

Conflicts of interest

Directors adhere to the Conflicts of Interest

Policy, which is reviewed and approved

annually, and requires each Director to submit

a declaration of financial, economic and other

interests, which may affect objectivity, and

must be altered when such interests change.

Appointment terms

All Non-Executive Directors are provided with

a: letter of appointment detailing the terms of

their assignment and expected commitment.

letter

dated 8 February 2021 and for no other purpose. We do not, in giving this opinion, accept or assume responsibility for any other purpose or to any other

person to whom this report is shown or into whose hands it may come save where expressly agreed by our prior consent in writing.

Nicola Shepstone

for and on behalf of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLC

Chartered Accountants

Sixty Circular Road

Douglas

Isle of Man

IM1 1SA

27 August 2021:

