letter to shareholders

at the time of the 2021 Annual General Meeting to ensuring

that this was delivered. I am therefore pleased to be able to

write that, following the appointment of Ivonne Cantú, our Board

now meets the recommendation of the Parker Review on ethnic

diversity and that, following the Annual General Meeting,

women will represent one-third of the Board.

The priority of the Board is to ensure that the Group continues

to have the most effective Board possible and all appointments

to the Board are made on merit against objective criteria.

We will continue to work to promote diversity, in all its forms,

including gender, ethnicity and religion. More information

on diversity is given in the Nomination Committee Report on

pages 79 and 80.

Evaluation

The annual Board evaluation process is an important part of our

governance process as it provides an opportunity for reflection

on aspects of the Board’s work that went well and considers

areas for further improvement.

This year, Gould Consulting, which has no other involvement

with the Company or Board members, carried out an external

evaluation in line with the recommendations of the Code. I am

pleased that the feedback confirms my view that the Board

works effectively, is of an appropriate size and possesses an

excellent balance of skills and experience to challenge, motivate

and support the business. Details of the evaluation and the

main findings of the process are set out on page 72.

AGM

We will be holding our Annual General Meeting on 27 April 2022.

It is hoped that this year it will be possible to hold a physical

meeting at which shareholders can attend in person, but

following the adoption of new Articles of Association we have

more flexibility in how we hold meetings, should this be

required. The Board will keep the format of the meeting under

review and we will be communicating with shareholders if

circumstances alter. In whatever form the meeting takes, I hope

that as many as possible of our shareholders are able to

attend.

I am pleased to report that following an evaluation of the

performance of the Directors and their other commitments,

each of the Directors standing for re-election at the Annual

General Meeting on 27 April 2022 have been recommended by

the Board for re-election. As stated when we announced the

appointment of Ivonne Cantú to the Board, Peter Cole will not

stand for re-election at the Annual General Meeting. The Board

has benefited from his significant experience in corporate,

development and investment activities, and we are also grateful

for his chairing of the Remuneration Committee during the

process of internalising the management in 2020 and the

transition period in 2021.

Looking ahead

With the successful completion of the internalisation of

our management team we have secured the continuity of

a well-regarded and experienced team, led by Harry Hyman

and Richard Howell, to run the day-to-day management of

the business. Competition is intensifying, the demands of our

stakeholders are increasing and the need to transition to a low

carbon economy is becoming more urgent. With a focused and

experienced Board, an energetic senior management team and

an enthusiastic workforce I am satisfied that our governance

structures remain effective to drive forward the development

of our business and delivery of our successful strategy.

Steven Owen

Chairman

15 February 2022:

Managing Director from that time and

represented the former Adviser to the

Company, Nexus Tradeco Limited

(“Nexus”), on the Board. On completion

of the internalisation on 5 January 2021,

Harry Hyman was appointed as Chief

Executive Officer.

Career

Harry graduated from Cambridge

University and trained as a Chartered

Accountant and Corporate Treasurer.

He established the Company in 1996 and

was the: Managing Director of Nexus

Tradeco Limited, which until 5 January 2021

was the Adviser to PHP.

He is a Fellow of the Institute of

Chartered Accountants in England and

Wales, a Fellow of the Association of

Corporate Treasurers and a Fellow of the

Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors.

Skills, competence and

experience

Harry has extensive experience in

investing in the primary healthcare sector,

having developed the Company’s

business from inception over 20 years

ago to its current position with an

investment portfolio of over £2.6 billion.

He also brings entrepreneurial flair to the

Board having established a number of

successful private companies.

Other listed directorships

Non-executive

letter on pages 81 to 85, in which I provide an overview

of the work of the Committee during the year and the key

decisions which it took in relation to both Executive Director

remuneration and wider workforce remuneration for the

year ended 31 December 2021 and how the Policy will be

applied in 2022.

2. A summary of the Directors’ Remuneration Policy (the ”Policy”)

approved by shareholders on 4 January 2021 and applicable

throughout the year, which details the link between

Company performance and remuneration outcomes set out

on pages 86 to 91.

3. The Annual Report on Remuneration, which provides information

on how the Policy adopted at the General Meeting has

been applied during the year, set out on pages 92 to 94.

Company performance

You will have read earlier in this Annual Report that the

Company once again delivered strong results for 2021, and the

25th consecutive year of dividend growth. Highlights of the

performance include:

• Total property portfolio up 4.1%.

• Total property return up 210bp to 9.5%.

• Adjusted earnings up 13.8% to £83.2 million.

• Adjusted earnings per share up 6.9%.

• Dividend per share up 5.1%.

• Average cost of debt down 60bp.

This strong performance reflects well on our Executive and

senior management team, who have had to manage the business

and their teams through the continued disruption caused by

the COVID-19 pandemic. These good results have been

achieved without the need to put any staff on furlough or to

take advantage of any of the Government financing schemes to

help companies through this difficult time.

Peter Cole

Chairman of the Remuneration Committee

MEMBERS OF THE REMUNERATION

COMMITTEE DURING THE YEAR

(THE “COMMITTEE”)

Member

Number of meetings

and attendance

Peter Cole (Chairman)

4 (4)

Steven Owen

4 (4)

Laure Duhot

4 (4)

Ian Krieger

4 (4)

Bracketed numbers indicate the number of meetings the member was

eligible to attend.

In addition to the scheduled meetings two additional meetings were held

to discuss particular topics which all members of the Committee attended.

Additional attendees invited to attend meetings as appropriate:

Harry Hyman – CEO

Korn Ferry

Paul Wright – Company Secretary

The CEO did not attend or participate in any matters that involved his

own remuneration.

Key responsibilities

•

Setting the remuneration framework or policy for the Directors and

ensuring it is aligned to the Company’s purpose and values and

linked to delivery of the Company’s long term strategy.

•

Reviewing the continued appropriateness and relevance of the

Company’s Remuneration Policy.

•

Within the terms of the approved policy, determining the

remuneration of the Directors, the Company Secretary and the

senior executives.

•

Appointing and setting out the terms of reference for any

remuneration consultants to advise the Committee.

•

Agreeing policy on the payment to the Directors of expenses

incurred in performance of their duties.

•

Reviewing overall workforce remuneration and related policies.

•

Drafting the Directors’ Remuneration Report and reporting to

shareholders on the implementation of the Company’s

Remuneration Policy in accordance with relevant statutory and

corporate governance requirements.:

Managing Director. Under the terms of the CEO’s contractual bonus provisions in his PHP service contract which was

signed on 5 January 2021, he is entitled to up to 40% of the PIF payable under the advisory agreement. The maximum PIF payable is capped at a maximum of

£1.8 million. This is paid to him in cash, half following the approval of the financial statements for the year and half in the next year.

2 The CFO earned the following elements of variable pay in relation to 2020, most of which will be paid in subsequent years, as follows: (i) Annual Bonus (£150,000),

the Annual Bonus is set by the Committee, is discretionary, and is payable to him on a phased basis conditional normally on remaining employed, as follows:

£75,000 payable in cash in 2021; £75,000 payable in cash in 2022; (ii) Transition bonus (£250,000), the bonus was set by the Committee, is discretionary and is in

relation to the internalisation. It is payable to him on a phased basis conditional on remaining employed, as follows: £125,000 payable in cash in 2022; and £125,000

payable in cash in 2023. (iii) PIF (£200,000), this was earned in 2020 of which £100,000 is paid to him in 2021, half in cash and half in shares which must be held for

a three-year period and £100,000 paid in 2022 on the same basis. The CFO’s award from the PIF is made at the discretion of the Committee.:

letter of

appointment

Harry Hyman

5 February 1996

5 January 2021

Richard Howell

1 April 2017

15 April 2021

Harry Hyman entered into a new contract of employment with the Company on 5 January 2021 and Richard Howell entered into

a revised contract of employment with Primary Health Properties PLC on 15 April 2021 to reflect the terms of the Policy.

Harry Hyman’s service contract does not permit notice to be given by either party until 4 January 2022; thereafter his service

contract has a twelve-month mutual notice period. Richard Howell’s service contract has a six-month mutual notice period.

Non-executive Directors: contracts

Name

Date of appointment

Date of service

agreement or: letter of

appointment

Length of appointment

years

Steven Owen

1 January 2014

9 December 2013

8

Peter Cole

1 May 2018

1 May 2018

3

Laure Duhot

14 March 2019

14 March 2019

2

Ivonne Cantú

1 January 2022 14 December 2021

—

Ian Krieger

15 February 2018

15 February 2018

3

The Non-executive

