director's report states that the Group’s internal

controls and systems are designed to provide

reasonable, but not absolute, assurance as to the

integrity and reliability of the ﬁnancial statements,

to safeguard, verify and maintain accountability for

its assets and to detect and minimise fraud, potential

liability, loss and material misstatement, while

complying with applicable laws and regulations.

The Board regularly receives reports from specialist

ﬁnancial and property advisors setting out key

ﬁnancial performance indicators. Monitoring of these

key indicators allows the Board to consider relevant

control issues.

The directors have satisﬁed themselves that the

systems and procedures of internal controls are

implemented, maintained and monitored for the

year ended 30 June 2021. No indications exist

that these systems of internal control were not

appropriate. Furthermore, no material loss, exposure

or misstatement arising from a material breakdown in

the functioning of the systems has been reported to

the directors in respect of the year under review.

GOING CONCERN

The AR has reviewed a documented assessment,

including key assumptions prepared by Management,

of the going concern status of the Group. The Board’s

statement on the going concern status of the Group,

is supported by the AR.

The AR report is set out on pages 118 to 120.

AUDIT AND RISK COMMITTEE (Continued):

letter of engagement for such work must be created and subsequently reviewed by the Committee. Non-audit services

performed by the external auditor during the year under review were approved and monitored by the AR Committee. The

non-audit service carried out was to convert the company's Annual Financial Statements for the year ending 30 June 2020 into

Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language (iXBRL). This was required to submit the company's annual return with the

Companies and Intellectual Property Commission (CIPC)

• In addition, following the committee’s review of the Independent Regulatory Board of Auditors’ latest findings report and the

latest inspection reports and summary of internal review findings in terms of paragraph 22.15 (h) of the Listings Requirements

provided by the auditors the committee satisfied itself that both Mazars and Stephan Adlam are accredited in terms of the

Listings Requirements and are independent from the Company.

• Meetings were held with the auditor where management were not present, and no matters of concern were raised. Based

on our processes followed nothing has come to the Committee’s attention which would lead the Committee to question the

external auditor’s independence. Based on our satisfaction with the results of the activities outlined above, the Committee has

recommended to the Board that Mazars be reappointed as the external auditors for the 2021 ﬁnancial year, and Stephan Adlam

as the designated auditor, subject to JSE approval.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND ACCOUNTING PRACTICES

The annual ﬁnancial statements of the Group and Company have been reviewed for the year ended 30 June 2021. Based on

information provided by management the AR is of the view that in all material aspects both the accounting policies and the

annual ﬁnancial statements are appropriate and comply with the provisions of the Companies Act, Act 71 of 2008, as amended,

International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), interpretations as issued by the International Financial Reporting

Interpretations Committee, Financial Reporting Pronouncements as issued by the Financial Reporting Standards Committee, and

the JSE Listings Requirements.

Where it was considered appropriate, the AR, made submissions to the Board on matters concerning the Group’s and Company’s

accounting policies, ﬁnancial control records and reporting.

The AR considered, reviewed and approved for submission to the Board the following:

• the Group’s and Company’s property valuations both internal, by the directors of the Group in December 2020 and June 2021;

• the valuation performed by an independent external valuer, as at 30 June 2021;

• the full year integrated report to 30 June 2021; and

• the interim results to December 2020.

All of the reports as listed above were recommended for approval to the Board.

The AR has further considered the JSE’s most recent report back on proactive monitoring of financial statements, and where

necessary to respond to the findings highlighted in the JSE report when preparing the annual financial statements for the year

ended 30 June 2021.

The AR conﬁrms that it received no complaints relating to the accounting policies, reporting practices, internal ﬁnancial controls

or the content and auditing of its ﬁnancial statements during the year under review.

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

At its meeting held on 19 August 2021, the AR considered and recommended the June 2021 integrated annual report and annual

financial statements for approval to the Board. The Board has subsequently approved the integrated annual report and the annual

financial statements, which will be open for discussion at the forthcoming AGM.:

letter of representation to enable them to attend the Annual General Meeting, or, alternatively, should

the dematerialised shareholder not wish to attend the Annual General Meeting, they should provide their CSDP or broker with

their voting instructions. Forms of proxy should be lodged with the Company’s transfer secretaries, Computershare Investor

Services Proprietary Limited, located at Rosebank Towers, 15 Biermann Avenue, Rosebank, 2196, South Africa, or posted to the

Company’s transfer secretaries at Private Bag X9000, Saxonwold, 2132, South Africa to be received by them by no later than

11:30 on Tuesday, 2 November 2021 (or 48 (forty-eight) hours before any adjournments of the Annual General Meeting which

date, if necessary, will be notified on SENS) provided that any form of proxy not delivered to the transfer secretary by this time

may be handed to the chairperson of the Annual General Meeting prior to the commencement of the Annual General Meeting,

at any time before the appointed proxy exercises any shareholder rights at the Annual General Meeting.

Annual General Meeting participants may be required to provide identification to the reasonable satisfaction of the chairperson

of the Annual General Meeting. An official identification document issued by the South African Department of Home Affairs, a

driver’s license or a valid passport will be accepted as sufficient identification.

Shareholders who have any doubt as to the action they must take should consult their accountant, attorney, banker or other

professional advisor immediately. On a poll, ordinary shareholders will have one vote in respect of each share held..

Electronic participation

In terms of section 61(10) of the Companies Act, every shareholders’ meeting of a public company must be reasonably accessible

within South Africa for electronic participation by shareholders. Therefore, shareholders or their proxies may participate in a

meeting by way of a teleconference call if they wish to do so. In this event:

• written notice to participate via electronic communication must be sent to the Group’s company secretary, Acorim Proprietary

Limited, at putprop@acorim.co.za, to be received by no later than 11:30 on Tuesday, 2 November 2021;

• a pin number and dial-in details for the conference call will be provided;

• shareholders will be billed separately by their own telephone service providers for the teleconference call to participate in the

Annual General Meeting;

• valid identification will be required:

Putprop Limited

Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa

(Registration number 1998/001085/06)

Share code: PPR ISIN: ZAE000072310

(“Putprop” or ”the Company” or “the Group”):

letter to shareholders accompanying this Notice contains details of where copies of the integrated annual report and annual

financial statements are available.

Report from the Social and Ethics Committee

In accordance with Regulation 43(5)(c) of the Companies Act, the chairperson of the Social and Ethics Committee or, in his

absence, any member of the committee, will present the committee’s report to shareholders at the Annual General Meeting.

Ordinary resolutions

To consider and, if deemed fit, to pass with or without modification all the ordinary resolutions relating to business set out below.

More than 50% (fifty percent) of the voting rights exercised on each individual resolution must be exercised in favour of those

resolutions.

1.

Ordinary Resolution number 1: Re-election of Director

H Hartley retires in accordance with article 25.7 of Putprop’s memorandum of incorporation (“MOI”), but being eligible to

do so, offers himself for re-election.

“Resolved, as an ordinary resolution, that H. Hartley be and is hereby re-elected as an independent non-executive director

of Putprop.”

Rationale: Putprop’s MOI and, to the extent applicable, the Companies Act requires that one-third of Putprop’s non-

executive directors rotate at the Annual General Meeting and can be eligible for re-election.

H. Hartley’s abbreviated curriculum vitae appears on page 37 of the Integrated Annual Report to which this Notice is

attached.

2.

Ordinary Resolution number 2: Re-election of Director

D Torricelli retires in accordance with article 25.7 of Putprop’ s MOI, but being eligible to do so, offers himself for re-

election.

“Resolved, as an ordinary resolution, that D Torricelli be and is hereby re-elected as an independent non-executive director

of Putprop.”

Rationale: Putprop’ s MOI and, to the extent applicable, the Companies Act requires that one-third of Putprop’ s non-

executive directors rotate at the Annual General Meeting and can be eligible for re-election.

D Torricelli’s abbreviated curriculum vitae appears on page 37 of the Integrated Annual Report to which this Notice is

attached.

3.

Ordinary Resolution number 3: Election of independent non-executive directors to the Audit and Risk Committee

To consider and, if deemed fit, elect the following independent non-executive directors as members of Putprop’s Audit and

Risk Committee, with effect from the end of this Annual General Meeting. Shareholders elect, by way of a separate vote,

each of the following::

Letter of Representation

to attend the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy and vote. If they do not wish to attend the Annual General Meeting

in person or by proxy, they must provide their CSDP or broker with their voting instructions in terms of the relevant custody

agreement entered into between them and the CSDP or broker. These ordinary shareholders must not use this form of proxy.

Name of beneficial shareholder

Name of registered shareholder

Address

Telephone work ( )

Telephone home ( )

Cell:

being the holder/custodian of ordinary shares in the Company, hereby appoint (see note):

1.

or failing him/her

2.

or failing him/her

3. the Chairperson of the meeting

as my/our proxy to attend and act for me/us on my/our behalf at the Annual General Meeting of the company convened for purpose

of considering and, if deemed fit, passing, with or without modification, the special and ordinary resolutions to be proposed

thereat (“resolutions”) and at each postponement or adjournment thereof and to vote for and/or against such resolutions, and/or

abstain from voting, in respect of the ordinary shares in the issued share capital of the Company registered in my/our name/s in

accordance with the following instructions:

Form of proxy

Putprop Limited

Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa

(Registration number 1998/001085/06)

Share code: PPR ISIN: ZAE000072310

(“Putprop” or ””the Company” or “the Group”):

Letter of

Representation to attend the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy. If they do not wish to attend in person or by

proxy, they must provide the CSDP or broker with their voting instructions in terms of the relevant custody agreement

entered into between them and the CSDP or broker. Should the CSDP or broker not have provided the Company with the

details of the beneficial shareholding at the specific request by the Company, such shares may be disallowed to vote at the

Annual General Meeting.

4.

A shareholder entitled to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting may insert the name of a proxy or the names of two

alternate proxies (none of whom need be a shareholder of the company) of the shareholder’s choice in the space provided,

with or without deleting “the Chairperson of the meeting”. The person whose name stands first on this form of proxy and

who is present at the Annual General Meeting will be entitled to act as proxy to the exclusion of those proxy(ies) whose

names follow. Should this space be left blank, the proxy will be exercised by the Chairperson of the meeting.

5.

A shareholder is entitled to one vote on a show of hands and, on a poll, one vote in respect of each ordinary share held. A

shareholder’s instructions to the proxy must be indicated by the insertion of the relevant number of votes exercisable by that

shareholder in the appropriate space provided. If an “X” has been inserted in one of the blocks to a particular resolution,

it will indicate the voting of all the shares held by the shareholder concerned. Failure to comply with this will be deemed to

authorise the proxy to vote or to abstain from voting at the Annual General Meeting as he/she deems fit in respect of all

the shareholder’s votes exercisable thereat. A shareholder or the proxy is not obliged to use all the votes exercisable by the

shareholders or by the proxy, but the total of the votes cast and in respect of which abstention is recorded may not exceed

the total of the votes exercisable by the shareholder or the proxy.

6.

A vote given in terms of an instrument of proxy shall be valid in relation to the Annual General Meeting notwithstanding the

death, insanity or other legal disability of the person granting it, or the revocation of the proxy, or the transfer of the ordinary

shares in respect of which the proxy is given, unless notice as to any of the aforementioned matters shall have been received

by the transfer secretaries not less than 48 (forty eight) hours before the commencement of the Annual General Meeting, or

48 (forty eight) hours before any adjournment thereof.:

