Managing director of Moorgarth Group

Mr FH Esterhuyse BAcc Hons, MCom(Tax), CA(SA) 27 May 2014

51

Executive

2

Ms KL Nordier

BAcc, BAcc Hons, CA(SA)

27 May 2014

54

Executive

2

Mr DA Harrop

BA Hons, ACA

27 May 2014

51

Executive

3

Financial director of Moorgarth Group

# The independence of directors is assessed on an annual basis and the Board is confident that the independence of Mr Troskie has not been impaired by his length of service.

The Board is satisfied that it has effectively discharged its statutory duties and

oversight role and wishes to report that:

–

it has and continues to maintain an approvals framework that allows it

appropriate insight into and influence over significant business

transactions within the group;

–

the current compliance strategy followed is appropriate for the structure of

the group and the Board is not aware of any instances of non-compliance

to applicable laws and regulations:; and

–

the IT infrastructure and strategy is appropriate for the structure of the

group.

It is the Board’s view that its performance and that of its members are directly

correlated to the success of the group. The performance evaluation of the Board,

its committees and all directors are reflected upon during the annual review of

the group’s performance.

The Board is satisfied that the company secretary has the correct qualifications

and experience, and is competent for this role. The Board can also confirm the

relationship between the company secretary and the Board is at arms-length.

The Board confirms that the company is in compliance with the provisions of the

Companies Act of South Africa and has operated in conformity with its

Memorandum of Incorporation for the year ended 28 February 2021.

The Board considers the material risks specific to the group to be the significant

matters set out in the Audit committee report, as well as the impact of the

COVID-19 pandemic on the going concern assessment, disclosed in note 37 to

the annual financial statements.

Audit committee report

The audit committee has submitted the following, as required by section 94 of

the Companies Act, Act 71 of 2008, as amended.

1.

Functions of the audit committee

The audit committee has adopted a formal terms of reference, delegated to

it by the Board. The audit committee wishes to report that it has:

1.1.

monitored the integrity of the financial statements and formal

announcements relating to financial performance and considered

significant financial reporting issues, judgements and estimates.

This included reviews of the interim and preliminary results and the

year-end annual financial statements, as well as the content of the

integrated report and also an assessment of the quality,

consistency and integrity of the group’s financial reporting,

including assessing whether the annual Integrated Report is fair,

balanced and understandable, culminating in a recommendation to

the Board of directors to adopt it;

1.2.

held regular meetings with executive management to understand

key issues;

1.3.

considered and reviewed the investment property valuation

process and frequency and the business combination financial

reporting;

1.4.

reviewed the external auditor audit plan and reports on the

consolidated annual financial statements;

1.5.

held meetings with external audit partner and manager without

management present;

1.6.

reviewed the system of internal controls and risk management,

which include reviews of the risk management and internal control

reports presented to it and discussions with executive

management, to ensure that the group is identifying, considering

and mitigating, as far as possible, all significant risks for the group;

1.7.

reviewed the King IV Report on Corporate Governance and

considered its recommendations and applicability to the group;

BUSINESS OVERVIEW:

letter of representation) from the CSDP or broker to

attend the AGM, or provide their CSDP or broker with their voting instructions,

should they not be able to attend the AGM via teleconference. This must be done

in terms of the custody agreement entered into between the Shareholder and

the CSDP or broker concerned.

By order of the Board

PIETER JOHAN JANSE VAN RENSBURG

SECRETARY

24 May 2021

Parow Industria

7493:

Letter was issued by SARS to Imbali which is dated 23 February 2021, however, due to timing of the date of the: letter to financial year end and the

audit requiring substantial and detailed responses which SARS will need to both verify and accept, the impact of the Findings has only been partially raised

in the taxation amounts, with the balance of the Findings being under dispute and regarded as contingent on the finalisation of the tax audit. The exact

timing and amount of the finalisation of the tax audit is not possible to accurately determine at financial year end. To mitigate the impact of the audit, Imbali

has actively engaged with relevant tax professionals and where necessary sought legal advice.

Acquisition of Austrian investment and property companies – on the 26th February 2021 (Acquisition Date), the group acquired full control of a portfolio

of Austrian properties through acquisition of the respective property holding companies and acquired 2 new investment holding companies. In terms

of the sale agreement, the adjustment account between sellers and the group will be concluded once the underlying tenant lease turnover figures are

finalised, which is only anticipated after 31 May 2021. As a result, there is an anticipated but unquantified amount which will need to be adjusted for on the

acquisition date accounts for the finalisation of accounts.

33

Borrowing powers

In terms of the memorandum of incorporation of the company, the borrowing powers of Tradehold Limited are unlimited.

The group is also subject to certain financial covenants with the strictest being a 65% loan-to-value covenant on its bank borrowings.

Borrowings are disclosed in notes 18.4, 19 and 23

The group’s loan-to-value ratio is disclosed in note 34.8

The group has undrawn borrowings of £4.1 million available.

