letter of even date on the subject matter. Pursuant to Regulation 30

and Regulation 34 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015, we submit herewith the Annual Report of the Company for the Financial Year 2019-20

along with Notice convening the Thirty-third Annual General Meeting scheduled to be held on

Tuesday, 29th December, 2020 at 12.30 p.m.at Alok Public School, Alok City, Silvassa-Khanvel

Road, Silvassa – 396230, Union Territory of Dadra and Nagar Haveli. The Annual Report for the

Financial Year 2019-2020 is also available on the Company's website at www.alokind.com.

This is for the information of the Exchange and the members.

Yours faithfully,

For Alok Industries Limited

K. H. Gopal

Company Secretary:

letter of

appointment to Independent Directors

as provided in the Companies Act,

2013 has been issued and disclosed

on website of the Company viz. www.

alokind.com.

As declared by the Independent

Directors, none of the Independent

Directors serves as “Independent

Director” in more than seven listed

companies.

In the opinion of the Board, the

Independent Directors fulfil the

conditions specified in the SEBI LODR

Regulations and are independent of

the management.

Pursuant to commencement of the

CIR process of the Company, the

powers of the Board stood suspended

and were exercised by the interim

resolution professional or the:

letter of appointment to Independent

Directors in the manner as provided

in the Companies Act, 2013 and

the terms and conditions of such

appointment is disclosed on the

website of the Company i.e. www.

alokind.com.

The Company has also formulated

familiarization program to familiarize

the Independent Directors with

the Company, their roles, rights,

responsibilities in the Company,

nature of the industry in which the

Company operates etc. The details

of such familiarization program are

also available on the website of the

Company.

None of the directors is a member

of more than ten committees or acts

as the chairman of more than five

committees in all Public Companies

in which they are Director. Necessary

disclosures regarding Committee

positions in other Public Companies

as on March 31, 2020 have been

made by the Directors. Also, none of

the Independent Directors serve as

Independent Director in more than

seven listed companies.

All the Independent Directors fulfill

the criteria of being independent as

mentioned under Regulation 16(1)(b)

of the “SEBI LODR Regulations read

with Section 149(6) of the Companies

Act, 2013. The maximum tenure of

Independent Directors is determined

in accordance with the Companies

Act, 2013. The Independent Directors

have also confirmed that they meet

with the criteria of independence

laid down under the provisions of

Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI

LODR Regulations.

Code of Conduct

In terms of provisions of SEBI

LODR Regulations, the Board

of the Company had, prior to

commencement of CIR proceedings,

laid down a Code of Conduct for

all Board Members and Senior

Management Personnel of the

Company. The said Code of Conduct

has been posted on the website of

the Company. All Board members and

senior management personnel have

affirmed compliance with the Code of

Conduct.

(2) COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD

The Board had, prior to the

commencement of the CIR process,

constituted Board Committees to

deal with specific areas and activities

which concern the Company and

requires a closer review. The Board

Committees are formed with approval

of Board and functions under

their respective Charters. These

committees play an important role

in the overall Management of day-

to-day affairs and governance of the

Company. The Board Committees

meet at a regular interval and take

necessary steps to perform its duties

entrusted by the Board. The Minutes

of the Committee meetings are also

placed before the Board in the next

Board Meeting for noting. However,

pursuant to initiation of CIRP Process

and subsequently constitution of the

Monitoring Committee, no committee

Meeting was held after 18.07.2017,

including during the year under

review, as the powers of the Board

and its committees were suspended.

The Board had established the

following Committees:

Report on Corporate Governance:

Managing Director(s) and

Whole-time Director(s) based

on their performance and

defined assessment criteria.

•

Administer, monitor and

formulate detailed terms and

conditions of the Employees’

Stock Option Schemes.

•

Review information

on recruitment and

remuneration of senior

officers just below the

level of Board of Directors,

including appointment or

removal of Chief Financial

Officer and the Company

Secretary.

•

Review significant labour

problems and their proposed

solutions.

Report on Corporate Governance:

letter dated June 17, 2019 in

relation to delay in submission

of quarterly financial results

for the quarters ending March,

2018, June, 2018 and March,

2019 respectively, required to

be submitted with the Stock

Exchanges under Clause 41

of the Listing Agreement /

Regulation 33 of the SEBI LODR

Regulations. The Company had

provided suitable explanations in

this regard.

The Company thereafter paid:

(i) `5000/- to National Stock

Exchange of India Limited on

3rd April 2018 towards delay in

submission of financial results

for the quarter ended 30th

September 2017 (not submitted

within 30 min after the meeting)

and (ii) `81,000/- to National

Stock Exchange of India Limited

on 13th February 2020 towards

delay in 14 days for submission

of financial results for the quarter

and year ended 31.03.2019. The

Company has not received any

intimation from BSE Limited for

any such payment.

The Company Secretary has

represented to the Reconstituted

Board and the Reconstituted

Board has taken on record

that the Company has also

complied with and adopted

the mandatory requirements

of SEBI LODR Regulations

except (i) non-compliance

with respect to submission of

financial results mentioned in

paragraph (9) (b) above, and (ii)

non-compliance with respect

to the disclosures and filings

required to be submitted by

the Company, with respect to

non-convertible debentures

issued by the Company, with

the Stock Exchanges under

the SEBI LODR Regulations.

The Company has vide e-mail

dated 16 November 2018 to SEBI

confirmed the compliance of

the relevant provisions under

the SEBI LODR Regulations

dealing with disclosures and

submissions required to be made

with respect to non-convertible

debentures for the period ending

September 30, 2018. Further,

the Company has sought relief

from the non-compliance of the

certain provisions of the SEBI

LODR Regulations for the period

prior to commencement of the

CIR Process of the Company.

SEBI has, post conclusion of the

hearing in the subject matter,

imposed a penalty of ` 12 lakhs

on the Company, which has

been contested at the Securities

Appellate Tribunal, Mumbai. The

decision in this regard is awaited.

c)

Prevention of Sexual

Harrassment of Women at work

place

The Company is committed to

provide a work environment

that ensures every employee is

treated with dignity, respect and

afforded equal treatment. The:

Letter of Credit/ Bank guarantees,

Export incentives, GST refund / rebate on Exports receivable, advance given to vendors etc. These are

considered as low risk items in the normal course of business and are subject to operational controls deemed

sufficient by senior management.

B.

Market Risk:

Market risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of

changes in market prices. Market risk comprises of three types of risks – interest rate risk, currency risk and

other price risk in a fluctuating market environment. Financial instrument affected by market risks includes

loans and borrowings, deposits, derivatives and other financial assets.

i)

Currency Risk

This is the risk that the Company may suffer losses on foreign currency transactions as a result of adverse

exchange rate movement during the relevant period. The Company has exports and to that extent has a

natural hedge as a mitigation measure to cover foreign exchange risk on account of imports/expenses in

foreign currency. Once the Approved Resolution Plan is implemented, the new management may decide on

other measures like derivative contracts, options etc as part of an overall hedging strategy.:

Letter of Credit given to banks for loans

taken by subsidiary companies

-

-

D

Bills discounted

-

3.29

E

Claims against company not acknowledged as debt

a) Income Taxes

-

536.70

b) Maharashtra Value Added tax

17.33

18.64

c) Other tax demands

-

1.44

d) Others – disputes under litigation

4.72

71.99

Take or Pay claim filed by GAIL (India) Limited under their long term

Gas Sale Agreement which is the subject of pending adjudication

proceedings with the National Company Law Appellate Tribunal, New

Delhi

491.83

794.30

e) Others

-

10.10

F

Professional Fees

4.73

G

The obligation is with respect to non-fulfilment of exports against

advance licenses availed prior to 18th July 2017, i.e. the insolvency

commencement date. The Company has represented to the concerned

authority (an operational creditor) that the Resolution Plan approved

by the adjudicating authority (and binding on all stakeholders of the

Company) provides that claims of operational creditors, other than

workers and employees, up to ` 3,00,000/- only are to be settled and

accordingly the same have been settled in full. Admitted claims in excess

of ` 3 lakhs have not been paid and any claims, irrespective of the value,

that were not filed with the Interim Resolution Professional / Resolution

Professional are also not payable under the approved Resolution Plan.

110.04

99.80

As per the approved Resolution Plan, contingent liabilities (which have / are capable of being crystallized) prior to Closing Date

(the date on which Approved Resolution Plan is Implemented) stand extinguished.

Furthermore, the Resolution Plan, among other matters, provide that except to the extent of the amount payable to the relevant

Operational Creditors in accordance with the Approved Resolution Plan, contingent liabilities of the parent Company until the

Closing Date (whether or not recognized in the FY17 Annual Report or set out in the Information Memorandum), are collectively

the “Contingent Liabilities” and each such Contingent Liability is a “claim” and “debt”, each as defined under the Insolvency

and Bankruptcy Code (“IBC”), and would consequently qualify as “operational debt” (as defined under the IBC) and therefore,

the full amount of such contingent liabilities shall be deemed to be owed and due as of the Closing Date, the liquidation value

of which is NIL and therefore, no amount is payable in relation thereto. It is provided that any and all legal proceedings initiated

before any forum by or on behalf of any Operational Creditor (including Governmental Authorities) or any Other Creditors to

enforce any rights or claims against the parent Company also stands extinguished. Further, in terms of the Resolution Plan, no

Governmental Authority has any further rights or claims against the parent Company, in respect of the period prior to the Closing

Date and / or in respect of the amounts written off and all legal proceedings initiated before any forum by or on behalf of any

Operational Creditor (including Governmental Authorities) or any Other Creditors, to enforce any rights or claims against the

parent Company will immediately, irrevocably and unconditionally stand withdrawn, abated, settled and/or extinguished. Further,

the Operational Creditors of the Company (including Governmental Authorities) and Other Creditors will have no further rights

or claims against the parent Company (including but not limited to, in relation to any past breaches by the parent Company), in

respect of any liability for period prior to the Closing Date, and all such claims shall immediately, irrevocably and unconditionally

stand extinguished. In the opinion of the management of the company since the Resolution Plan provides for extinguishment of all

liabilities of the parent Company owed to Operational Creditors and Other Creditors as of the Insolvency Commencement Date i.e.

July 17, 2017, the implementation of the Resolution Plan does not have any such similar effect over claims or receivables owed to

the parent Company. Accordingly, the parent Company has concluded that any receivables due to the parent Company, evaluated

based on merits of underlying litigations, from various governmental agencies (presented under Other Assets - Non current)

continue to subsist.:

Letter of Credit/ Bank guarantees,

Export incentives, GST refund / rebate on Exports receivable, advance given to vendors etc. These are

considered as low risk items in the normal course of business and are subject to operational controls deemed

sufficient by senior management of the parent company.

B

Market Risk:

Market risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of

changes in market prices. Market risk comprises of three types of risks – interest rate risk, currency risk and

other price risk in a fluctuating market environment. Financial instrument affected by market risks includes

loans and borrowings, deposits, derivatives and other financial assets.

i)

Currency Risk

This is the risk that the Company may suffer losses on foreign currency transactions as a result of adverse

exchange rate movement during the relevant period. The Company has exports and to that extent has a

natural hedge and a mitigation measure to cover foreign exchange risk on account of imports/expenses in

foreign currency. Once the Approved Resolution Plan is implemented, the new management may decide on

other measures like derivative contracts, options etc as part of an overall hedging strategy.:

letter etc. with attested

specimen signature of the

duly authorized signatory(ies)

who are authorized to vote,

to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to

bhattvirendra1945@yahoo.co.in

with a copy marked to evoting@

nsdl.co.in.

27. Process for those shareholders

whose email ids are not

registered with the depositories

for procuring user id and

password and registration of

e-mail ids for e-voting for the

resolutions set out in this notice:

a. In case shares are held in

physical mode please provide

Folio No., Name of shareholder,

scanned copy of the share

certificate (front and back), PAN

(self-attested scanned copy of

PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested

scanned copy of Aadhar Card)

by email to RTA at rnt.helpdesk@

linkintime.co.in.

b. In case shares are held in demat

mode, please provide DPID-CLID

(16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit

beneficiary ID), Name, client

master or copy of Consolidated

Account statement, PAN (self-

attested scanned copy of PAN

card), AADHAR (self-attested

scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to

RTA at rnt.helpdesk@linkintime.

co.in.

28. The voting rights of members

shall be as per the number

of equity shares held by the

Member(s) as on 22nd December,

2020 being the cut-off date and

as per the register of members

of the Company. Members are

eligible to cast vote electronically

only if they are holding shares as

on that date.

29. Any person, who acquires shares

of the Company and become

member of the Company after

dispatch of the notice and holding

shares as of the cut-off date i.e.

22nd December, 2020 may obtain

the login ID and password by

sending a request at evoting@

nsdl.co.in.

30. A member may participate in

the AGM even after exercising

his right to vote through remote

e-voting but shall not be allowed

to vote again at the AGM.

31. A person, whose name is

recorded in the register of

members or in the register of

beneficial owners maintained by

the depositories as on the cut-off

date only shall be entitled to avail

the facility of remote e-voting as

well as voting at the AGM through

ballot paper.

32. Mr. Virendra G. Bhatt, Practicing

Company Secretary (Membership

No. 1157) has been appointed for

as the Scrutinizer for providing

facility to the members of the

Company to scrutinize the voting

and remote e-voting process in a

fair and transparent manner.

33. The Scrutinizer shall after

the conclusion of voting at

the general meeting, will first

scrutinize the votes cast at the

meeting and thereafter unblock

the votes cast through remote

e-voting in the presence of at

least two witnesses not in the

employment of the Company

and shall make, not later than

forty-eight hours of the of

the conclusion of the Annual

General meeting, a consolidated

scrutinizer’s report of the total

votes cast in favour or against, if

any, to the Chairman or a person

authorized in writing, who shall

countersign the same and declare

the result of the voting forthwith.

34. The Results of voting shall be

declared within forty-eight hours

of the conclusion of the Annual

General Meeting of the Company

and subject to receipt of requisite

number of votes, the Resolutions

proposed in the Notice shall be

deemed to be passed on the

date of the Meeting, i.e., Tuesday,

December 29, 2020.

35. The Results declared along with

the consolidated scrutinizer’s

report will be available on

website of the Company (www.

alokind.com) and on NSDL’s

website (www.evoting.nsdl.com).

The results shall simultaneously

be communicated to BSE Limited

and National Stock Exchange of

India Limited.

By Order of the Board of Directors

For Alok Industries Limited

K. H. Gopal

Company Secretary

Membership No. A9806

Mumbai, November 12, 2020

Registered Office:

Survey Nos.17/5/1 & 521/1,

Village Rakholi / Saily,

Silvassa – 396 230,

Union Territory of Dadra & Nagar Haveli

CIN: L17110DN1986PLC000334

Website: www.alokind.com;

E-mail: info@alokind.com;

Tel No.0260-6637000;

Fax No.0260-2645289:

