letter No. MHRIL/SE/20-21/34 dated July 31, 2020

This is in reference to our: letter No. MHRIL/SE/20-21/34 dated July 31, 2020 intimating that

the 24th Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of the Company will be held on Monday, August 31,

2020 at 11.00 a.m. (IST) through Video Conferencing/ Other Audio Visual Means.

Pursuant to Regulations 30 and 34 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith the

Annual Report of the Company and Notice calling the 24th AGM for the Financial Year 2019-

20. The brief details of the agenda items proposed to be transacted at the 24th AGM are given

in Annexure A to this letter.

The Notice of 24th AGM and Annual Report for the Financial Year 2019-20 are also available

on the website of the Company www.clubmahindra.com. These documents are being

dispatched only through electronic mode to those Members whose e-mail addresses are

registered with the Company/ Depositories/ KFin Technologies Private Limited (Company’s

Registrar and Share Transfer Agent).

Kindly take the same on record.

Thanking you,

Yours faithfully,

For Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited

Dhanraj Mulki

General Counsel & Company Secretary

Encl: a/a

Dhanraj

Narsappa Mulki

Digitally signed by Dhanraj Narsappa Mulki

DN: c=IN, o=Personal, cn=Dhanraj Narsappa Mulki,

serialNumber=1ac55b96ed3ba12ee51acf3f4b328ac

114b6888ba4995bbafd72a2952aca7dbd,

postalCode=400104,

2.5.4.20=6c35623ee3f5792811758b61e7813ec46b0

0a4b7ed7c1cc84b39df2724d2bc55,

st=Maharashtra, title=-

Date: 2020.08.08 22:22:37 +05'30'

letter to the Scrutiniser at e-mail ID kjr@mdassociates.co.in with

a copy marked to evoting@kfintech.com and to the Company at

investors@mahindraholidays.com, authorising its representative(s)

to attend and vote through VC/ OAVM on their behalf at the AGM,

pursuant to Section 113 of the Act.

F.

The Company’s Registrar and Transfer Agent for its Share Registry

Work (Physical and Electronic) is KFin Technologies Private

Limited (“KFintech”) having its office premises at Selenium, Tower

B, Plot 31-32, Gachibowli, Financial District, Nanakramguda,

Hyderabad - 500 032.

G.

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 124 and 125 of the Act

read with Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority

(Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016 as amended

(“IEPF Rules”), dividend, if not claimed for a consecutive period of:

letter providing the email address, mobile

number, self-attested PAN Card copy and copy of

share certificate for registering their email address and

receiving the Annual Report, Notice of AGM and the

e-voting instructions.

II.

Those Members who have registered their e-mail address,

mobile numbers, postal address and bank account details

are requested to validate/update their registered details by

contacting the Depository Participant in case of shares held:

Letter etc., duly

authorising their authorized representative(s) to

attend the AGM through VC/ OAVM on its behalf

and to vote through remote e-voting to the

Scrutiniser at his e-mail ID kjr@mdassociates.co.in

with a copy marked to evoting@kfintech.com and

to the Company at investors@mahindraholidays.

com.

It should reach the Scrutiniser & the Company

by e-mail not later than Sunday, August 30,

2020 (5:00 PM IST). In case if the authorized

representative attends the AGM, the above

mentioned documents shall be submitted before

the commencement of AGM.

In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked

Questions (FAQs) for Members and e-voting User Manual for

Members available at the download section of https://emeetings.

kfintech.com or contact Mr. Sri Sai Karthik Tikkisetti of KFintech at

040- 6716 1509 or at 1800-3454-001 (toll free).

S.

INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR VOTING DURING THE

PROCEEDINGS OF AGM:

i.

The procedure for e-voting during the AGM is same as the

instructions mentioned above for remote e-voting since the

AGM is being held through VC/OAVM.

ii.

The e-voting window shall be activated upon instructions of

the Chairman during the proceedings of the AGM.

iii.

E-voting during the AGM is integrated with the VC platform

and no separate login is required for the same.

iv.

Members / Shareholders, attending the AGM through VC and

who have not cast their vote on resolutions through remote

e-voting shall be eligible to cast their vote through e-voting

system available during the AGM.

v.

Members who have voted through remote e-voting shall

be eligible to attend the AGM, however, they shall not be

allowed to cast their vote again during the AGM.

T.

KPRISM- Mobile service application by KFintech:

Members are requested to note that KFintech has launched a new

mobile application - KPRISM and website https://kprism.kfintech.

com/ for online service to Shareholders.

Members can download the mobile application, register

themselves (onetime) for availing host of services viz., consolidated

portfolio view serviced by KFintech, Dividends status and send

requests for change of Address, change / update Bank Mandate.

Through the Mobile app, Members can download Annual

Reports, standard forms and keep track of upcoming General

Meetings, IPO allotment status and dividend disbursements. The

mobile application is available for download from Android Play

Store. Alternatively, visit the link https://kprism.kfintech.com/app/

to download the mobile application.

U.

Appointment/ Re-appointment of Directors:

In respect of the information to be provided under Regulation 36

of the SEBI Listing Regulations and Secretarial Standard 2 issued

by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, pertaining to

Directors seeking appointment/ re-appointment at the 24th AGM,

Members are requested to kindly refer the Corporate Governance

Report in the Annual Report for 2019-20 and Annexure to this

Notice.

By Order of the Board

Dhanraj Mulki

General Counsel & Company Secretary

FCS – 4631

Registered Office:

Mahindra Towers, 2nd Floor, No. 17/18,

Patullos Road, Chennai – 600 002.

T: 044 3988 1000 F: 044 3027 7778

CIN: L55101TN1996PLC036595

e-mail: investors@mahindraholidays.com

Place: Mumbai

Date: July 31, 2020:

letter of appointment of Mrs. Sangeeta Talwar

setting out the terms and conditions of appointment are available

for inspection by the Members through electronic mode, basis the

request being sent on investors@mahindraholidays.com.

Information to be provided under Regulation 36 of the SEBI Listing

Regulations and Secretarial Standard 2 issued by the Institute of

Company Secretaries of India, pertaining to the appointment of Mrs.

Sangeeta Talwar as an Independent Director is mentioned in the

Corporate Governance Report in the Annual Report for 2019-20 and is

also annexed to this Notice.

Mrs. Sangeeta Talwar will be entitled to sitting fees for attending

meetings of the Board and Committee(s) thereof and reimbursement

of out of pocket expenses incurred by her in connection thereto. In

addition, she would be entitled to commission out of profits, if any,

of the Company as determined by the Board of Directors of the

Company and within the limits already approved by the Members of

the Company.

Your Directors recommend the Resolution at Item no. 4 as an Ordinary

Resolution for approval of the Members.

Save and except Mrs. Sangeeta Talwar and her relatives to the extent

of their shareholding interest, if any, in the Company, none of the

other Directors, Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) of the Company and

their relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially or

otherwise, in the resolution set out at Item No. 4 of the Notice. None

of the Directors and KMP of the Company are inter-se related to each

other.

Item No. 5:

The Board of Directors of the Company, pursuant to the recommendation

of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee has appointed

Dr. Anish Shah (DIN: 02719429) as an Additional Director in the capacity

of Non-Executive Non-Independent Director of the Company with

effect from May 9, 2020 pursuant to the provisions of Section 161(1)

of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), and the Articles of Association

of the Company. Dr. Anish Shah shall hold office upto the date of

forthcoming Annual General Meeting and is eligible to be appointed as

Non-Executive Non-Independent Director, liable to retire by rotation.

The Company has received a notice in writing from a Member under

Section 160 of the Act proposing the candidature of Dr. Anish Shah for

the office of Director of the Company. Dr. Anish Shah is not disqualified

from being appointed as a director in terms of Section 164 of the Act

and has given his consent to act as a director of the Company. Further,

Dr. Anish Shah is not debarred from holding the office of Director

pursuant to any Order issued by SEBI or any other authority.

Information

to

be

provided

under

Regulation

36

of

the

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing

Regulations”) and Secretarial Standard 2 issued by the Institute of

Company Secretaries of India, pertaining to the appointment of

Dr. Anish Shah as Non-Executive Non-Independent Director is

mentioned in the Corporate Governance Report in the Annual Report

for 2019-20 and is also annexed to this Notice.

The remuneration to Dr. Anish Shah shall be governed by the

Remuneration Policy of the Company. The Board of Directors are of

the opinion that the vast knowledge and experience of Dr. Anish Shah

will be of great value to the Company.

Your Directors recommend the Resolution at Item no. 5 as an Ordinary

Resolution for approval of the Members.

Save and except Dr. Anish Shah and his relatives to the extent of

their shareholding interest, if any, in the Company, none of the other

Directors, Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) of the Company and

their relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially or

otherwise, in the Resolution set out at Item No. 5 of the Notice. None

of the Directors and KMP of the Company are inter-se related to each

other.

Items No. 6 & 7:

Employees Stock Options represent a reward system based on

performance. They help companies to attract, retain and motivate the:

Managing Director positions with prior

multifunctional exposure as Functional Head across the disciplines

A brief resume of Directors seeking appointment / re-appointment including qualifications, experience and nature of expertise in specific

functional areas, recognition or awards::

Managing Director of NDDB Dairy

Services, Executive Director of Tata Tea & Regional President South

Asia of Tata Global Beverages,: Managing

Dear Shareholders,

Over the last 24 years, Mahindra Holidays has offered best-

in-class, fully serviced holiday resorts that are backed by the

highest standards of service excellence and, thus, created

memorable holiday experiences for its members.

It gives me immense pleasure to share with you that your

Company achieved two important milestones during the year.

First, the vacation ownership member base of your Company

has crossed the 2,50,000 landmark. And second, along with

its material subsidiary, Holiday Club Resorts Oy (HCR), your

Company now offers holidays at 100+ resorts in India and

abroad.

Your Company’s financial performance during the year was

also creditable, with significant improvement in operating

margins, and a higher profit before tax (PBT). All this despite the

adverse impact of floods in the second quarter and COVID-19

crisis in March 2020, adding to the woes of a slowing Indian

economy — with GDP growing at 4.2% in 2019-20 versus 6.1%

in the previous year.

I would like to compliment the management for the

performance in the financial year 2019-20.

Let me now move on to the challenges posed by the COVID-19

pandemic and what these mean for your Company.

On 11 March 2020, the World Health Organization declared

the COVID-19 outbreak as a pandemic. The tourism and

hospitality industry have been among the worst affected by

the crisis. Operations of the resorts of HCR, Finland, were

suspended around mid-March; and resort operations of

Mahindra Holidays in India were suspended after the national

lockdown was imposed by the Government of India on 25

March 2020.

As far as HCR is concerned, most of the resorts have resumed

operations from the first week of June and are seeing good

occupancies as the summer season begins in Finland. I expect

this demand to continue, driven by both domestic travel and

further opening up of travel within Europe.

The recent announcement by the Indian government to

open the domestic commercial air traffic bodes well for the

hospitality business. With the gradual easing of restrictions in

inter-city / state travel, your Company has started opening up

its resorts in line with the directives of the State Government

authorities starting mid-June 2020. Your Company has also

started opening sales offices across India in line with the

directives of the local authorities.

As India emerges steadily from the lockdown, your Company

is putting its best efforts to ensure safety and well-being of its

members while offering the same warmth and the signature

“Club Mahindra” experiences that they have cherished over the

last two decades, at its resorts.

To achieve this, your Company has launched a “Safe Stay”

program at its resorts. It has implemented best-in-class standard

operating procedures (SOPs), and has rigorously trained its

employees on implementing these guidelines. Moreover, your

Company has also appointed Bureau Veritas — a global leader

in testing and inspection — to certify the hygiene and sanitation

protocols. In addition, its kitchens follow the FSSAI (Food Safety

and Standards Authority of India) guidelines.

In the near term, I believe that domestic travel will be the key

growth driver as members opt for holidays within drivable

distances — something your Company is well positioned to

serve with 60 resorts across the country. Large apartment

sizes and the concept of villas in many of the resorts ensures

better safety, this should increase the attractiveness of its

membership for prospective customers. Your Company has

also been quick to move to the “new normal” by going digital

— both for customer acquisition and member servicing.

As I mentioned earlier, your Company performed well in the

financial year 2019-20 despite headwinds. This was due to a

resilient business model and predictability of revenues in the

form of various annuities: a deferred revenue of over ` 5,500

crores which is recognised over the tenure of the membership,

and a 250,000+ member base which contributes to revenues

through holiday spends as well as the annual subscription. In

addition, your Company has a strong balance sheet with zero

debt and a healthy cash position.

All this will continue to help your Company to tide over the

current crisis and take advantage of the strategic opportunities

that may come its way.

In every crisis, there are those who suffer lasting setbacks and

those who come out as winners. With its robust business model,

excellent properties, best-in-class facilities; wide-ranging and

stringent SOPs to deliver safe holidays and employees who are

fully aligned to deliver value for its members and stakeholders,

I am sure that your Company will emerge stronger from this

crisis.

Therefore, despite the possible short-term impact of COVID-19,

I continue to remain confident of the growth and continued

profitability of your Company.

In the meanwhile, stay safe and stay healthy.

With my best wishes,

Arun Nanda

Chairman

June 25, 2020:

Managing Director & CEO

Chief Financial Officer

Akhila Balachandar

General Counsel & Company

Secretary

Dhanraj Mulki

Registered Office

Mahindra Towers, 2nd Floor, No. 17/18,

Patullos Road, Chennai – 600 002,

Tamil Nadu, India

T: +91 44 3988 1000 F: +91 44 3027 7778

E: investors@mahindraholidays.com

W: www.clubmahindra.com

CIN: L55101TN1996PLC036595

Corporate Office

Mahindra Towers, 1st Floor, ‘A’ Wing,

Dr. G.M. Bhosle Marg, P.K. Kurne Chowk,

Worli, Mumbai – 400 018, Maharashtra, India

T: +91 22 3368 4722 F: +91 22 3368 4721

Statutory Auditors

B S R & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants

5th Floor, Lodha Excelus,

Apollo Mills Compound,

N M Joshi Marg, Mahalaxmi,

Mumbai – 400 011

Secretarial Auditor

M Siroya and Company

Company Secretaries

A-103, Samved Building (Madhukunj),

Near Ekta Bhoomi Gardens,

Rajendra Nagar, Borivali (E),

Mumbai - 400 066

Committees of Board of Directors

Audit Committee

Sridar Iyengar

Cyrus Guzder

Rohit Khattar

Sanjeev Aga

V S Parthasarathy

Nomination and Remuneration

Committee

Cyrus Guzder

Arun Nanda

Rohit Khattar

Sridar Iyengar

Risk Management Committee

Cyrus Guzder

Sridar Iyengar

Sanjeev Aga

Kavinder Singh

Securities Allotment Committee

Arun Nanda

V S Parthasarathy

Kavinder Singh

Corporate Social Responsibility

Committee

Arun Nanda

Cyrus Guzder

V S Parthasarathy

Kavinder Singh

Stakeholders Relationship

Committee

Arun Nanda

Cyrus Guzder

V S Parthasarathy

Kavinder Singh

Inventory Approval Committee

Arun Nanda

Cyrus Guzder

Kavinder Singh

Strategy and Review Committee

Arun Nanda

Cyrus Guzder

Rohit Khattar

Sanjeev Aga

Kavinder Singh

Registrar and Transfer Agent

KFin Technologies Private Limited

(formerly Karvy Fintech Private Limited)

Selenium, Tower B, Plot 31-32,

Gachibowli, Financial District,

Nanakramguda, Hyderabad, Telangana - 500 032

T: +91 40 6716 2222; F: +91 40 3321 1000

Toll free No: 18003454001;

E: einward.ris@kfintech.com

Chennai Office:

F-11, First Floor, Akshaya Plaza, 108 Adithanar Salai,

Egmore, Chennai – 600 002

T: +91 44 2858 7781

Bankers

HDFC Bank Limited

State Bank of India

Yes Bank Limited:

Dear Shareholders,

Your Directors are pleased to present their Twenty Fourth

Report together with the Audited Financial Statements of your

Company for the year ended March 31, 2020.

1.

Operations and Financial Overview

During the financial year 2019-20, your Company has registered

a creditable performance given the subdued macroeconomic

environment and relatively poor consumer sentiment towards

discretionary purchases which was evident in the first three

quarters of the year. The outbreak of Coronavirus (COVID-19)

pandemic has caused significant slowdown of economic

activity in March 2020. Traditionally, March is a peak month for

your Company, but due to COVID-19, the business operations

of your Company have been adversely affected specially, new

Member Additions and Resort Operations. During the latter

part of March 2020, the Management took the decision for

phased closing of resorts considering the safety of members

and employees of your Company, which affected the resort

occupancies. Resort income declined due to cancellation of

bookings in March 2020.

During the year under review, your Company added 15,697

new members to its vacation ownership business, taking the

total membership to over 2.58 lakhs at the end of the year.

Addition in the members is a result of continued success of

Company’s pull-based digital and referral leads as well as

reaching out to prospects by way of engagement through

innovative platforms, alliances and corporate partnerships.

During the year under review, your Company has been

reinventing its marketing strategy around digital formats and

platforms as media consumption has shifted towards mobile

devices. Marketing and brand building activities are focused

on bringing alive the ‘Club Mahindra’ experience to generate

a pull for the brand by making it aspirational for the target

consumer segments.

Your Company added 9 resorts and 224 room units during the

year under review. The total inventory stands at 3,732 room

units across its 70 resorts as of March 31, 2020. Along with its

Finnish subsidiary Holiday Club Resorts Oy’s (HCR) 33 resorts,

your Company has achieved a significant milestone of offering

100+ resorts to its members during the financial year 2019-20.

During the year under review, your Company through its step-

down subsidiary Covington S.à.r.l, Luxembourg (Covington),

has increased its stake in HCR from 96.47% to 100% with the

acquisition of the balance shares.

The Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) vide its notification

dated March 30, 2019 has made Indian Accounting Standard

116 “Leases” (Ind AS 116) applicable effective April 1, 2019.

As per Ind AS 116, a lessee recognises a right-of-use (“ROU”)

asset representing its right to use the underlying asset and

a corresponding lease liability representing its obligation to

make lease payments. The nature of expenses related to these

leases has changed as Ind AS 116 substitutes the operating

lease expense (i.e. rent) with depreciation charge for ROU

assets and interest expense on lease liabilities.

In view of the above, the financial statements of your Company

for the financial year ended March 31, 2020, have been

prepared in accordance with the Ind AS as prescribed under

Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) read with

the relevant rules issued thereunder and other accounting

principles generally accepted in India.

Your Company has applied the modified retrospective approach

as per para C5(b) of Ind AS 116 to existing Leases as on April

1, 2019 and the cumulative effect of applying this standard is

recognised at the date of initial application i.e. April 1, 2019

in accordance with para C7 of Ind AS 116 as an adjustment

to the Transition Difference under other equity. This has

resulted in recognising a ROU asset of ` 19,736.60 lakhs and a

corresponding lease liability of ` 21,183.10 lakhs by adjusting

Transition Difference (other equity) net of taxes of ` 1,670.15

lakhs in standalone books and ROU asset of ` 1,39,084.89

lakhs and a corresponding lease liability of ` 1,54,988.18 lakhs

by adjusting Transition Difference (other equity) net of taxes

of ` 12,078.67 lakhs in consolidated books as at April 1, 2019.

The financial information presented for the year ended March

31, 2019 have not been restated and hence the figures are

not comparable to that extent. However, this change in the

applicable Ind AS does not impact the business or cashflows.

On September 20, 2019, the Government of India, vide the

Taxation laws (Amendment) Ordinance 2019, inserted Section

115BAA in the Income Tax Act, 1961, which provides domestic

Companies an option to pay Corporate Tax at a reduced rate

effective April 1, 2019, subject to certain conditions. During

the financial year under review, your Company has decided

to exercise the option of lower tax rate available under Section

115BAA of the Income Tax Act, 1961. Accordingly, the Company

has recognised the provision for income tax for the year ended

March 31, 2020 and remeasured the accumulated deferred tax

asset at March 31, 2020 based on the rate prescribed under

Section 115BAA. The resultant impact has been taken through

the statement of profit and loss as a separate line item. The

re-measurement of accumulated deferred tax and current

tax asset has resulted in a one-time impact amounting to

` 19,972.94 lakhs which has been debited to the profit and loss

account in standalone and consolidated financial statements

for the year ended March 31, 2020. Out of this, ` 17,775.94 lakhs

has been transferred to the Transition Difference (other equity)

in standalone and consolidated financial statements for the

year ended March 31, 2020.

Your Company’s total income (including other income) was

` 1,03,711.78 lakhs in 2019-20 compared to ` 96,343.85 lakhs

in 2018-19. Profit Before Tax (PBT) grew to ` 12,394.74 lakhs

in 2019-20 from ` 10,017.24 lakhs in 2018-19. Profit After Tax:

Managing Director (ED).

At the 23rd AGM held on July 31, 2019, the following directors

were re-appointed by the Shareholders:

a)

Mr. Kavinder Singh was re-appointed as the Managing

Director & CEO of the Company for a term of five years

commencing from November 3, 2019 to November 2,

2024;

b)

Mr. Rohit Khattar and Mr. Sanjeev Aga were re-appointed

as Independent Directors of the Company for a second

term of five consecutive years each commencing from

August 27, 2019 to August 26, 2024;

c)

Mr. Sridar Iyengar was re-appointed as an Independent

Director of the Company for a second term commencing

from August 27, 2019 to July 31, 2022; and

d)

Mr. Cyrus Guzder was re-appointed as an Independent

Director of the Company for a second term commencing

from August 27, 2019 to July 31, 2020.

Accordingly, Mr. Cyrus Guzder would cease to hold office as

an Independent Director of the Company from August 1, 2020

upon completion of his tenure as approved by the Shareholders.

Mr. Cyrus Guzder has been on the Board of the Company for

around 22 years and has enriched the Board with his immense

experience in all aspects of strategy and management, financial

reporting and processes. His vast experience in managing

Operations, Sales and Marketing, Accounting, Strategy, Human

Resources Development was pivotal in steering the growth

initiatives of the Company over a period of time.

Mr. Cyrus Guzder has been the Chairman of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee and Risk Management Committee,

Member of Audit Committee, Stakeholders Relationship

Committee, Corporate Social Responsibility Committee and

other Committees of the Board.

Mr. Cyrus Guzder has always brought a solution based

approach to issues while remaining committed to the highest

standards of governance and excellence. He has made

significant contributions as a Director of the Company and as

a member of several of its Committees and his inputs have

greatly benefited the Board and the Company.

During the year under review, Ms. Radhika Shastry ceased to

be an Independent Director of the Company with effect from

December 26, 2019 upon completion of her tenure. The Board

places on record its sincere appreciation for the contributions

made by Ms. Radhika Shastry during her association with the

Company.

Based on the recommendation of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors at

their meeting held on February 1, 2020 have appointed:

Managing Director

& CEO, Mrs. Akhila Balachandar, Chief Financial Officer and

Mr. Dhanraj Mulki, General Counsel & Company Secretary, are

the KMPs as per the provisions of the Act.

20. Statement regarding opinion of the Board

with regard to integrity, expertise and

experience (including the proficiency)

of the Independent Directors appointed

during the year

During the year under review, Mrs. Sangeeta Talwar has

been appointed as an Independent Director of the Company

with effect from February 1, 2020, subject to the approval of

Shareholders. The Board is satisfied with the integrity, expertise

and experience (including the proficiency) of Mrs. Sangeeta

Talwar who has been appointed as an Independent Director

of the Company with effect from February 1, 2020.

Regarding the experience which includes proficiency test,

Mrs. Sangeeta Talwar is exempted from undertaking the

proficiency test in accordance with Rule 6(4) of the Companies

(Appointment and Qualifications of Directors) Rules, 2014.

21. Policy on Directors’ appointment and

remuneration

The salient features of the following policies of the Company

are attached herewith and marked as Annexure IV:

1.

Policy on appointment of Directors and Senior

Management

2.

Policy on Remuneration of Directors and

3.

Policy on Remuneration of Key Managerial Personnel

and Employees

The aforesaid policies are also available at the link

https://www.clubmahindra.com/about-us/policies.

The: Managing Director & CEO of the Company does not receive

remuneration or commission from any of its subsidiaries and

draws remuneration only from the Company.

22. Board Evaluation

The Board has conducted an annual evaluation of its own

performance, individual Directors, Committees of the Board

and that of its Non-Executive

Managing Director & CEO

Chairman - Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

DIN: 06994031

DIN: 00010029

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 19, 2020

A.

SALIENT FEATURES OF POLICY ON APPOINTMENT OF

DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Appointment of Director:

•

The Nomination & Remuneration Committee

(NRC) reviews and assesses the Board composition

and recommends the appointment of new

Directors.

•

NRC evaluates suitability of individual for Board

appointments based on merits, skills, experience,

independence and knowledge.

•

NRC also takes into account ability of candidates

to devote sufficient time in discharging his/her

duties and balanced decision making.

•

Based on NRC recommendation, the Board

evaluates the individual and decide on his/her

appointment as Director of the Company.

Appointment of Senior Management:

•

NRC has also laid down criteria for identification

of persons who may be appointed in the Senior

Management.

•

The selection criteria for Senior Management

includes merit, experience and knowledge of the

candidate.

•

Senior Management personnel are appointed or

promoted and removed/relieved with the authority

of: Managing

Managing Director & Chief

Executive Officer (MD & CEO) and Executive

Directors:

•

The remuneration to MD & CEO is

recommended by NRC to the Board. While

considering remuneration to MD & CEO,

NRC considers industry benchmarks, merit

and seniority of the person and ensures

that the remuneration proposed to be paid

is commensurate with the remuneration

packages paid to similar senior level

counterpart(s) in other companies.

•

The remuneration consists of both fixed

compensation and variable compensation

and

is

paid

as

salary,

commission,

performance bonus, stock options (where

applicable), perquisites and fringe benefits

as per the policy of Company, as approved

by the Board and within the overall limit

specified by Shareholders.

•

While the fixed compensation is determined

at the time of appointment, the variable

compensation is determined annually by the

NRC based on the performance.

During the year, no changes were made to the Policy.

C.

SALIENT FEATURES OF POLICY FOR REMUNERATION

OF KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL AND EMPLOYEES

•

All employees, irrespective of contract, are to be

remunerated fairly and the remuneration is to be

externally competitive and internally equitable.

The remuneration is paid in accordance with the

laid down Statutes.

•

Remuneration for on-roll employees will include a

fixed component payable monthly and a variable

component, based on performance, on annual basis.

•

Variable component will be a function of individual

performance as well as business performance.

•

Business performance is evaluated using a Balanced

Score Card (BSC) while individual performance is

evaluated on Key Result Areas (KRA).

•

Both BSC and KRA are evaluated at the end of the

fiscal to arrive at the BSC rating of the business and

PPS rating of the individual.

•

An annual compensation survey is carried out

to ensure that the Company’s compensation

is externally competitive and is around 60th

percentile.

•

Based on the findings of the survey and the

business performance, the CEO along with

the CHRO and CFO decides the increment for

different performance ratings as well as grades,

the increment for promotions, the total maximum

increment

and

the

maximum

increase

in

compensation cost in % and absolute.

During the year, no changes were made to the Policy.

For and on behalf of the Board

Arun Nanda

Place: Mumbai

Chairman

Date: May 19, 2020

DIN: 00010029:

Managing Director and Chief

Executive Officer of the Company w.e.f. November 3,

2019 for a period of five years.

For M Siroya and Company

Company Secretaries

Mukesh Siroya

Proprietor

FCS No.: 5682

Place: Mumbai

CP No.: 4157

Date: May 19, 2020

UDIN: F005682B000257714

This report is to be read with our: letter of even date which

is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this

report.

‘Annexure A’

To,

The Members,

Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited

Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of

the management of the Company. Our responsibility is

to express an opinion on these secretarial records based

on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as

were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records.

The verification was done on test basis to ensure that

correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We

believe that the processes and practices, we followed

provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness

of financial records and Books of Accounts of the

Company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management’s

representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the Corporate and other applicable

laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of

the management. Our examination was limited to the

verification of the procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to

the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy

or effectiveness with which the management has

conducted the affairs of the Company.

7.

In view of the restrictions imposed by the Government

of India on movement of people across India to contain

the spread of Covid-19 pandemic, which led to the

complete lockdown across the nation, we have relied on

electronic data for verification of certain records as the

physical verification was not possible.

For M Siroya and Company

Company Secretaries

Mukesh Siroya

Proprietor

FCS No.: 5682

Place: Mumbai

CP No.: 4157

Date: May 19, 2020

UDIN: F005682B000257714

Managing Director, Whole-time Directors and/or Manager:

(` in lakhs)

Sl.

No.

Particulars of Remuneration

Name of MD/WTD/Manager

Total

Amount

Kavinder Singh

(: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

10.0%

Mrs. Akhila Balachandar,

Chief Financial Officer

10.5%

Mr. Dhanraj Mulki, General

Counsel & Company Secretary@

N.A.

* Not drawing any remuneration from the Company

^ Appointed as a Director w.e.f. February 1, 2020

# Ceased to be a director w.e.f. December 26, 2019

@ Appointed w.e.f. October 16, 2018 and was not eligible for increment during FY

2019-20 as per the Remuneration Policy of the Company.

3.

The Percentage increase in the median remuneration

of employees in the financial year:

The percentage increase in the median remuneration

of the employees in the financial year was around

11%. The calculation of percentage increase in median

remuneration is done based on comparable employees

and for this purpose, we have excluded employees who

were not eligible for any increment.

4.

The Number of permanent Employees on the rolls of

the Company: 5,518

5.

Average percentile increases already made in the

salaries of employees other than the managerial

personnel in the last financial year and its

comparison with the percentile increase in the

managerial remuneration and justification thereof

and any exceptional circumstances for increase in the

managerial remuneration:

The average percentage increase made in the salaries

of total employees other than the Key Managerial

Personnel during the Financial Year 2019-20 was around

9.10%, while the average increase in the remuneration

of the Key Managerial Personnel was around 10.25%.

The remuneration of the managerial personnel is

based on the remuneration policy as recommended

by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and

approved by the Board of Directors.

While recommending the increase in remuneration

of its employees, the Company considered overall

organisation

performance,

industry

benchmarking,

cost of living adjustment/inflation apart from individual

performance on the basis of Balanced Scorecard

approach.

The total compensation is a prudent mix of fixed and

variable pay in the form of performance pay. The

proportion of variable pay to total compensation is

higher at senior level and lower at middle level.

The performance of the Company has bearing on the

quantum of variable pay declared for employees across

senior and middle levels.

6.

Affirmation that the remuneration is as per the

remuneration policy of the Company.

It is hereby affirmed that the remuneration paid is as

per the policy for Remuneration of the Directors, Key

Managerial Personnel and Employees.

For and on behalf of the Board

Arun Nanda

Place: Mumbai

Chairman

Date: May 19, 2020

DIN: 00010029:

letter to the

‘Real Santa’ at the Santa Village in Finland. This was

taken forward with exciting themed events in malls

and creation of Santa Village in key resorts.



Resort Campaign: Mahindra Holidays continued to

excite members and guests at its resorts with specially

curated activities and events like ‘Magical Monsoons’,

‘Rajasthan Heritage Trails’, ‘Tea & Coffee Trails’.

During the year, it also launched ‘20 types of Theme

Nights’ across resort locations. These campaigns

helped create unique and memorable experiences for

the members and their families.

In recognition of its efforts, Mahindra Holidays won the

Times Travel Awards 2019 — India's Most Popular Resort

Chain. The World Family Day campaign received two

awards: (i) Silver at DMA Marketing Awards 2019, and (ii)

Silver for Best Use of Print at Indian Marketing Awards 2019.

Business Performance

Membership

‘Club Mahindra’ is the Company’s flagship product in the

vacation ownership business, which entitles its members

a week’s holiday every year for a period of 25 years. It also

markets ‘Bliss’ — a flexible points-based product targeted at

the 50 plus age group — which offers a week’s holiday every

year for 10 years.

During 2019-20, the Company added 15,697 members. After

accounting for retirements, the total membership grew to

258,336 as on March 31, 2020 — representing a CAGR of 7.1%

in membership over the last five years. Chart B provides data

on the cumulative membership for the last 10 years.

Chart B: Cumulative Vacation Ownership Membership

125,169

143,258

160,747

170,722

183,431

199,617

218,138

235,792

243,574

258,366

2012-13

2013-14

2014-15

2015-16

2016-17

2017-18

2018-19

2019-20

2011-12

2010-11

Note: Membership includes all vacation ownership products of the Company

The

performance

is

creditable

given

the

subdued

macroeconomic environment and poor consumer sentiment

towards discretionary purchases during the year. Besides,

customer acquisition efforts were significantly affected due to

the COVID-19 crisis in the fourth quarter of 2019-20, which

has historically been the Company’s best performing period.

The strong member addition is a result of concerted efforts

made by the Company on several fronts. First, continued

success of Company’s pull-based digital and referral leads

reinforced with encouraging contribution through alliances

and corporate partnerships, which increased significantly

during the year. Second, with pan-India extension of its sales

and marketing efforts, ‘Bliss’ has also contributed to the overall

performance.

The Company continues to benefit from its large geographic

reach, including high-potential Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities, which

have gradually been increasing their contribution to the sales

mix. At the end of 2019-20, Mahindra Holidays was present in

120+ locations in India through a network of branch offices,

sales offices, onsite teams and channel partners. In addition,

the Company has presence in seven other countries with

significant Indian population to market its products.

‘Club Mahindra Fundays’, is a corporate product which

allows enrolled organisations to offer holiday entitlements to

its employees either as a part of their reward and recognition

programme or as an employment perquisite. During the

year, this product performed satisfactorily, with signing up of

new accounts and an increase in the number of room nights

utilised.

‘GoZest’, is a three-year points-based product aimed at

millennial travellers. It is an experiential product designed to

give the ‘Club Mahindra’ experience to the young target group

and generate interest for the core offering. During the year, the

product was launched for the targeted market segments and

in select geographies. ‘GoZest’ members are also the prospects

for conversion to the 25-year product of the Company.:

Managing Director

& CEO of the Company for a term of five years commencing

from November 3, 2019 to November 2, 2024;

b)

Mr. Rohit Khattar and Mr. Sanjeev Aga were re-appointed

as Independent Directors of the Company for a second

term of five consecutive years each commencing from

August 27, 2019 to August 26, 2024;

c)

Mr. Sridar Iyengar was re-appointed as an Independent

Director of the Company for a second term commencing

from August 27, 2019 to July 31, 2022; and

d)

Mr. Cyrus Guzder was re-appointed as an Independent

Director of the Company for a second term commencing

from August 27, 2019 to July 31, 2020.

During the period under review, Ms. Radhika Shastry ceased to

be an Independent Director of the Company with effect from

December 26, 2019, upon completion of her tenure.

Based on the recommendations of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors at their

meeting held on February 1, 2020 have appointed Mrs.

Sangeeta Talwar as an Additional Director in the category of

Independent Director of the Company, not liable to retire by

rotation, for a period of five years effective from February 1,

2020. She shall hold office as an Additional Director upto the

date of the ensuing AGM.

Based on the recommendation of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors at their

meeting held on May 9, 2020 have appointed Dr. Anish Shah

as an Additional Director in the category of Non-Executive

Non-Independent Director of the Company, liable to retire by

rotation. He shall hold office as an Additional Director upto the

date of the ensuing AGM.

As on the date of this report, the Board comprised of 9 (nine)

Directors. Mr. Arun Nanda is the Non-Executive Chairman

of the Company. Mr. Kavinder Singh is the Managing

Director & Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) of the Company.

Mr. V S Parthasarathy and Dr. Anish Shah are the Non-Executive

Non-Independent Directors of the Company.

Mr. Cyrus Guzder, Mr. Rohit Khattar, Mr. Sridar Iyengar,

Mr. Sanjeev Aga and Mrs. Sangeeta Talwar are the Independent

Directors on the Board of the Company.

The Independent Directors are from diverse fields and bring

to the Company a wide range of experience, knowledge

and judgement as they draw on their varied proficiencies in

general corporate management, finance, hospitality, telecom,

financial services, vacation ownership, corporate strategy, sales

and marketing and other allied fields which enable them to

contribute effectively to the Company in their capacity as the

Directors, while participating in its decision making process.

The terms and conditions of appointment of the Independent

Directors are available on the Company’s website.:

Managing Director and Group CFO of the

Mahindra Group, with responsibility of the Group Corporate

Office and full oversight of all businesses other than the Auto

and Farm sectors. He has been appointed as the Managing

Director and CEO designate for the Mahindra Group, effective

from April 2, 2021. He is also a member of the Mahindra Group’s

supervisory board called ‘Group Executive Board’

Apart from the above, and apart from the reimbursement

of expenses incurred in discharge of their duties and the

remuneration that the Non-Executive Directors and the: Managing Director & CEO would be entitled to under the Act,

none of the Directors have any other pecuniary relationship

with the Company, its Holding Company, subsidiaries or

associate companies or their Promoters, Directors, which

in their judgement would affect their independence. The

Senior Management personnel of the Company have made

disclosures to the Board confirming that there are no material,

financial and/or commercial transactions between them and

the Company which could have any potential conflict of

interest with the Company at large.

In the opinion of the Board and based on the disclosures

received, the Independent Directors fulfill the conditions

specified in the SEBI Listing Regulations and are independent

of the management.

Board & General Meetings and Attendance

The Board met 5 (five) times during the Financial Year 2019-20,

on: May 15, 2019, July 31, 2019, November 4, 2019, February

1, 2020, and March 19, 2020. The gap between two Meetings

did not exceed 120 (one hundred and twenty) days. The

Twenty Third AGM of the Company was held on July 31, 2019.

The

Managing Director & CEO of the Company has long term experience in FMCG sector, starting up and building businesses

and leading transformational corporate strategy initiatives. All Directors are familiar with the Company’s business, policies,

culture (including the Mission, Vision and Values) and industry in which the Company operates.

In the opinion of the Board, the following is a list of core skills/expertise/competencies required in the context of the Company’s

business and which the individual Directors on the Board of the Company possess:

Core skills / expertise /competencies

Names of Directors

Arun

Nanda

Cyrus

Guzder

Sridar

Iyengar

Sanjeev

Aga

Rohit

Khattar

Sangeeta

Talwar

V S

Partha-

sarathy

Anish

Shah

Kavinder

Singh

A. Industry knowledge / experience

1) Experience of the vacation ownership business, hospitality

and the Market dynamics











-

-

-



2) Awareness of the applicable laws















-



3) International experience in managing businesses







-











4) Experience in managing risks associated with the business

















:

Managing Director positions with prior multifunctional exposure as Functional Head across the disciplines

of Marketing, Sales and Human Resources and has worked across European, American and Indian multinationals and large

companies, including a stint with Nestle in Switzerland. She spearheaded the implementation of a national level social sector

project funded by World Bank.

She was one of the first women in the Consumer Products industry in India, credited with the launch of one of the country’s

most iconic packaged food brands (Maggi). She held the position of Regional Sales Head responsible for a quarter of India’s sales

& distribution for Nestle. As Vice President HR for Nestle, she was responsible for corporate, factories, regional sales offices and

all aspects of HR. She led a very successful 360 degree leadership initiative across the company and went on to head marketing

as Director Marketing for Nestle India responsible for the entire business including P&L accountability. This was followed by a 3

years posting to HQ in Switzerland as Strategic Advisor.

She has also launched the first social marketing campaign in India, entitled “Jaago Re”, which won international acclaim and was

instrumental in catapulting Tata Tea into becoming the largest Tea brand in India.

She has held the positions of: Managing

Managing Director and Group CFO of the Mahindra Group, with responsibility of the Group

Corporate Office and full oversight of all businesses other than the Auto and Farm sectors. The Board has appointed him as the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO regarding compliance with the

requirements of various Statutes, Regulations and Rules as

may be applicable to the business of the Company.

Meetings of Independent Directors

The Company’s Independent Directors meet at least once

every year without the presence of Executive Director or

management personnel. Such meetings are conducted

informally to enable the Independent Directors to discuss

matters pertaining to the Company’s affairs and put forth:

Managing Director &

CEO, the Chief Financial Officer, the Statutory Auditors

and the Internal Auditors. The Board accepted all

recommendations made by the Audit Committee.:

Managing Director & CEO.

During the year under review, the Non-Executive Directors

were paid a commission of ` 105 lakhs (as provided in the

accounts of the year ended March 31, 2019).

A commission of ` 129 lakhs provided as payable to the Non-

Executive Directors in the accounts for the year under review

and to be distributed amongst themselves is shown in the

table below.

Detailed information of Directors’ remuneration paid/payable during the year 2019-20 is given below:

(` in lakhs)

Name of the Director

Category of Director

Sitting

Fees

(Note 1)

Commission^

Salary,

Performance

pay and

Perquisites

Superannuation

and Provident

Fund

(Note 2)

Total

Mr. Arun Nanda

Non-Executive Chairman

6.80

50.00

-

-

56.80

Mr. Cyrus Guzder

Independent

6.40

16.50

-

-

22.90

Mr. Rohit Khattar

Independent

7.40

16.00

-

-

23.40

Mr. Sridar Iyengar

Independent

7.70

16.50

-

-

24.20

Mr. Sanjeev Aga

Independent

6.50

16.00

-

-

22.50

Mr. V S Parthasarathy

Non-Executive

-

-

-

-

-

Ms. Radhika Shastry*

Independent

3.90

11.00

-

-

14.90

Mrs. Sangeeta Talwar#

Independent

1.00

3.00

-

-

4.00

Mr. Kavinder Singh

MD & CEO

-

-

438.86

25.81

464.67

TOTAL

39.70

129.00

438.86

25.81

633.37

^ The Commission for the financial year ended March 31, 2020 will be paid to the Non-Executive Directors, subject to deduction of tax, after adoption of financial

statements by the Members at the ensuing AGM.

*Ceased to be a Director w.e.f. December 26, 2019

# Appointed as a Director w.e.f. February 1, 2020

Notes:

1. Non-Executive Directors and Independent Directors are paid sitting fees for attending meetings of the Board / Committees of the Board of Directors of the

Company. The sitting fee has been fixed at ` 1,00,000/- for attending meetings of the Board and for all other Committee Meetings, the same has been fixed at

` 30,000/-. In respect of Corporate Social Responsibility Committee, no sitting fee is paid as the sitting fee has been waived by the members of the CSR Committee.:

Managing Director & CEO with the

Company is contractual and can be terminated by giving 3 months’ notice

from either party. Mr. Kavinder Singh’s appointment is for a period of 5 years.

The contract does not provide for any severance fees. Remuneration paid to

Mr. Kavinder Singh was approved by the shareholders at the AGM held on

July 31, 2019.

6. Performance pay to the Whole-Time Directors is determined by the NRC and

then approved by the Board on the basis of pre-determined performance

parameters.

Stakeholders Relationship Committee (SRC)

The Company’s Stakeholders Relationship Committee consists

of Mr. Arun Nanda (Chairman of the Committee), Mr. V S

Parthasarathy, Mr. Cyrus Guzder and Mr. Kavinder Singh.

Mr. Dhanraj Mulki, General Counsel & Company Secretary, is

the Compliance Officer of the Company.

Terms of Reference of the Committee, inter alia, includes

the following:

•

to approve and register transfer and/or transmission of

all classes of shares;

•

to sub-divide, consolidate and issue duplicate share

certificates on behalf of the Company;

•

resolving the grievances of the security holders of the

Company including complaints related to transfer/

transmission of shares, non-receipt of annual report,

non-receipt of declared dividends, issue of new/duplicate

certificates, general meetings etc.

•

review of measures taken for effective exercise of voting

rights by shareholders;

•

review of adherence to the service standards adopted

by the listed entity in respect of various services being

rendered by the Registrar & Share Transfer Agent;

•

review of the various measures and initiatives taken by

the Company for reducing the quantum of unclaimed

dividends and ensuring timely receipt of dividend

warrants/annual

reports/statutory

notices

by

the

shareholders of the company;

•

to do all such acts, things and deeds as may be necessary

or incidental to the exercise of the above powers;

•

to do such acts, things and deeds as may be prescribed

by statutory and regulatory authorities from time to

time.

The Committee met 2 (two) times during the Financial Year

2019-20 on May 15, 2019 and November 4, 2019. Attendance

of members of the Committee at the meetings held during the

Financial Year 2019-20 is as below:

Name of the Director

Number of SRC

Meetings

Held

Attended

Mr. Arun Nanda

2

2

Mr. V S Parthasarathy

2

2

Mr. Kavinder Singh

2

2

Mr. Cyrus Guzder

2

1

During the financial year under review, 1 complaint was

received from a Shareholder, which has been attended to/

resolved. As of March 31, 2020, there are no pending share

transfers or complaints from the shareholders.

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

The role of the Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)

Committee is inter-alia to approve the CSR activities of the

Company in terms of compliance under provisions of the Act.

The CSR Committee consists of Mr. Arun Nanda (Chairman of

the Committee), Mr. V S Parthasarathy, Mr. Cyrus Guzder and

Mr. Kavinder Singh.

The Committee met once during the Financial Year 2019-20

on May 15, 2019 and all the members of the Committee

attended the said meeting.

Inventory Approval Committee

Inventory Approval Committee was constituted by the Board

for evaluating and approving property acquisition(s) by way

of outright purchase as well as long term lease proposals

and short term inventory arrangements for the Company.

The Inventory Approval Committee consists of Mr. Arun

Nanda (Chairman of the Committee), Mr. Cyrus Guzder and

Mr. Kavinder Singh.

No meeting of the Committee was held during the financial

year 2019-20. During the year under review, the Committee

approved certain transactions by passing the resolutions by

way of circulation.

Strategy and Review Committee

The Strategy and Review Committee was constituted by the

Board to evaluate and review the business plan and make

necessary recommendations and also review the performance

of the Company. The Strategy and Review Committee consists

of Mr. Arun Nanda (Chairman of the Committee), Mr. Cyrus

Guzder, Mr. Rohit Khattar, Mr. Sanjeev Aga and Mr. Kavinder

Singh. There was no meeting of the Committee held during

the financial year 2019-20 as the evaluation and review of

strategy and business plan was considered and approved by

the Board at its meeting held on March 19, 2020.:

Managing Director & CEO is attached at the end

of this report.

Disclosure of Accounting Treatment

The standalone and consolidated financial statements for the

financial year 2019-20 have been prepared in accordance

with applicable Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) issued

by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and the

provisions of the Act and the Rules framed thereunder.

CEO and CFO Certification

Certificate issued by Mr. Kavinder Singh,: Managing

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

(“MD & CEO”) of the Company for a period of two years

with effect from November 3, 2017 to November 2, 2019

(both days inclusive).

2018

August 2, 2018

3.00 PM

Vani Mahal (Mahaswami

Hall), 103, G. N. Chetty Road,

T. Nagar, Chennai -600 017

No special resolution was passed

2019

July 31, 2019

3.00 PM

Vani Mahal (Mahaswami

Hall), 103, G. N. Chetty Road,

T. Nagar, Chennai -600 017

i.

Re-appointment of Mr. Rohit Khattar and Mr. Sanjeev

Aga, as Independent Directors of the Company,

not liable to retire by rotation, to hold office for a

second term of five years each commencing from

August 27, 2019 to August 26, 2024.

ii.

Re-appointment of Mr. Sridar Iyengar, as an

Independent Director of the Company, not liable to

retire by rotation, to hold office for a second term

commencing from August 27, 2019 to July 31, 2022.

iii.

Re-appointment of Mr. Cyrus Guzder, as an

Independent Director of the Company, not liable to

retire by rotation, to hold office for a second term

commencing from August 27, 2019 to July 31, 2020.

iv.

Re-appointment of Mr. Kavinder Singh as the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO of Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited, declare that all the Members of the

Board of Directors and Senior Management Personnel have affirmed compliance with the Code of Conduct for the year ended

March 31, 2020.

Kavinder Singh

Place: Mumbai: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

b.

Details of the BR head

No.

Particulars

Details

1

DIN Number (if applicable)

Not Applicable

2

Name

Mrs. Priyanka Gidwani

3

Designation

Chief Human Resources

Officer

4

Telephone number

+91 22 3368 4722

5

Email ID

Priyanka.Gidwani@

mahindraholidays.com

2.

Principle-wise (as per NVGs) BR Policy/policies (Reply

in Y/N)

The Business Responsibility Policy (“BR Policy”) addressing

the following 9 principles as per the National Voluntary

Guidelines on Social, Environmental & Economic

Responsibilities of Business (NVGs) released by the

Ministry of Corporate Affairs, duly approved by the Board

of Directors of the Company has been adopted by the

Company. The BR Policy is operationalised and supported

by various other policies, guidelines & manuals.

NVG Principle

P1

Businesses

should

conduct

and

govern

themselves with Ethics, Transparency and

Accountability.

P2

Businesses should provide goods and services

that are safe and contribute to sustainability

throughout their life cycle.

P3

Business should promote the well-being of all

employees.

P4

Businesses should respect the interests of,

and be responsive towards all stakeholders,

especially

those

who

are

disadvantaged,

vulnerable and marginalised.

P5

Business should respect and promote Human

Rights.

P6

Business should respect, protect, and make

efforts to restore the environment.

P7

Businesses

when

engaged

in

influencing

public and regulatory policy, should do so in a

responsible manner.

P8

Businesses should support inclusive growth and

equitable development.

P9

Businesses should engage with and provide

value to their customers and consumers in a

responsible manner.:

Managing Director & CEO of the Company, who

is on the Board and also a member of the CSR

Committee, assesses the BR performance every

quarter.

(2)

Does the Company publish a BR or a Sustainability

Report? What is the hyperlink for viewing this

report? How frequently it is published?

The Company has been publishing the BR Reports

on an annual basis since financial year 2016-

17 and the same are available on the website of

the Company at www.clubmahindra.com. While

no standalone sustainability report is published

by the Company, Mahindra Group Sustainability

Report (of which the Company is also a part of) as

per the GRI framework is published annually. All

Sustainability Reports from 2007-08 are accessible

on the website of Mahindra & Mahindra at https://

www.mahindra.com/about-us/sustainability.

SECTION E: PRINCIPLE-WISE PERFORMANCE

Principle 1 Businesses should conduct and govern

themselves with Ethics, Transparency and Accountability

1.

Does the policy relating to ethics, bribery and corruption

cover only the company? Yes/No. Does it extend to the

Group/Joint Ventures/ Suppliers/Contractors/NGOs /

Others?

The Company has defined a Code of Conduct for

Directors as well as all employees of the Company that

covers issues, inter alia, related to ethics, bribery and

corruption. It also covers all dealings with suppliers,

customers, business partners and other stakeholders.

The Code of Conduct for Senior Management and

Employees forms an integral part of the induction of

new employees.

2.

How many stakeholder complaints have been received

in the past financial year and what percentage was

satisfactorily resolved by the management? If so, provide

details thereof, in about 50 words or so.

The Company has different mechanisms for receiving

and dealing with complaints from various stakeholders

like Investors, Customers, Employees, Suppliers, etc.:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN: 00010029

DIN: 06994031

Koosai Lehery

Akhila Balachandar

Dhanraj Mulki

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership Number: 112399

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 9, 2020

Date: May 9, 2020

STANDALONE BALANCE SHEET AS AT MARCH 31, 2020

Particulars

Note

No.

As at

March 31, 2020

As at

March 31, 2019

ASSETS

Non-current assets

Property, Plant and Equipment

4

183,451.81

179,322.41

Right of Use Asset

5

17,426.53

-

Capital work-in-progress

23,606.27

21,818.13

Other intangible assets

6

394.95

605.65

Intangible assets under development

725.21

400.11

Financial Assets

Investments

Investments in subsidiaries

7

9,532.75

9,532.75

Other Investments

7

388.96

383.23

Trade receivables

8

49,438.05

56,142.51

Loans

9

4,415.41

4,663.84

Other financial assets

10

9,089.73

1,383.98

Deferred Tax Assets (Net)

11

47,237.69

64,956.64

Other non-current tax assets (Net)

12

18,227.70

16,705.65

Deferred Acquisition Cost

13

66,516.39

64,283.21

Other non-current assets

14

3,286.19

4,294.59

433,737.64

424,492.70

Current assets

Inventories

15

472.29

562.73

Financial Assets

Investments

16

39,294.82

31,183.08

Trade receivables

17

118,750.18

105,948.77

Cash and cash equivalents

18

1,463.48

2,625.22

Other bank balances

19

19,168.12

98.68

Loans

20

4,478.67

3,539.22

Other financial assets

21

14,400.57

27,514.03

Deferred Acquisition Cost

22

4,831.47

4,559.42

Other current assets

23

5,334.38

4,434.29

208,193.98

180,465.44

641,931.62

604,958.14

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

Equity

Equity share capital

24

13,292.38

13,289.98

Other equity

25

Reserves & Surplus

70,983.97

63,770.62

Revaluation Reserve

73,759.44

73,759.44

Other Comprehensive Income

(147.89)

(93.28)

Transition Difference

(140,272.59)

(121,044.68)

4,322.93

16,392.10

17,615.31

29,682.08

LIABILITIES

Non-current liabilities

Financial Liabilities

Borrowings- Lease liabilities

26

13,545.23

-

Other financial liabilities

27

547.68

694.24

Provisions

28

694.07

578.68

Deferred Tax Liabilities

11

22,401.70

22,401.70

Other non-current liabilities

Contract Liability-Deferred Revenue

29

499,640.79

476,633.26

536,829.47

500,307.88

Current liabilities

Financial Liabilities

Trade payables

30

Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises; and

124.92

61.11

Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and

small enterprises

17,669.57

16,328.31

Lease Liabilities

31

5,180.94

-

Other financial liabilities

32

9,276.46

8,250.98

Provisions

33

606.90

549.41

Other current liabilities

Contract Liability-Deferred Revenue

34

52,232.87

47,298.51

Others

35

2,395.18

2,479.86

87,486.84

74,968.18

641,931.62

604,958.14:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN: 00010029

DIN: 06994031

Koosai Lehery

Akhila Balachandar

Dhanraj Mulki

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership Number: 112399

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 9, 2020

Date: May 9, 2020

Particulars

Note

No.

Year ended

March 31, 2020

Year ended

March 31, 2019

Revenue

Revenue from operations

36

97,700.53

91,829.15

Other income

37

6,011.25

4,514.70

Total Revenue

103,711.78

96,343.85

Expenses

Employee benefits expense

38

27,268.65

24,849.96

Finance costs

39

1,599.31

2.19

Depreciation and amortisation expense

4, 5 & 6

10,166.79

5,140.50

Other expenses

40

52,282.29

56,333.96

Total Expenses

91,317.04

86,326.61

Profit before tax

12,394.74

10,017.24

Tax expense excluding impact of change in tax rate

Current tax

41

2,520.37

2,201.66

Deferred tax

41

722.88

1,429.35

3,243.25

3,631.01

Profit after tax for the year excluding impact of change in tax rate

9,151.49

6,386.23

One time impact on Tax expense (Current and Deferred) due to change in

tax rate

41

19,972.94

-

Profit / (Loss) after tax for the year

(10,821.45)

6,386.23

Other comprehensive income

Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or (loss)

Remeasurements of the defined benefit asset

(72.98)

(13.34)

Freehold land revaluation

-

96,339.40

Income taxes related to items that will not be reclassified to profit or

(loss)

18.37

(22,404.86)

Net other comprehensive income not to be reclassified subsequently to

profit or (loss)

(54.61)

73,921.20

Total comprehensive income for the year

(10,876.06)

80,307.43

Earnings per equity share :

(face value of ` 10 per share)

Basic ` per share

42

(8.14)

4.81

Diluted ` per share

42

(8.14)

4.80:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN: 00010029

DIN: 06994031

Koosai Lehery

Akhila Balachandar

Dhanraj Mulki

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership Number: 112399

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 9, 2020

Date: May 9, 2020

Particulars

Share

Capital

Other Equity

Total

Reserves & Surplus

Revaluation

Reserve

Other

Comprehensive

Income Actuarial

Gain / (Loss)

Transition

Difference

Equity

Share

Capital

Capital

Reserve

Securities

Premium

General

Reserve

Share

Options

Outstanding

Account

Capital

Redemption

Reserve

Retained

Earnings

Balance at the beginning of the

reporting year - April 1, 2019

13,289.98

44.75

10,312.39

10,381.68

1,265.90

145.80

41,620.10

73,759.44

(93.28)

(121,044.68)

29,682.08

Profit for the year

-

-

-

-

-

-

9,151.49

-

-

-

9,151.49

Effect of change in tax rate

-

-

-

-

-

-

(2,197.00)

-

-

(17,775.94)

(19,972.94)

Effect of change in tax rate on Ind AS

116 impact

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

218.18

218.18

Additions during the year

-

-

-

-

209.58

-

-

-

-

-

209.58

Issue of shares by ESOP Trust

2.40

-

49.28

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

51.68

Impact on account of transition to Ind

AS 116 (refer note no 3(A))

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(1,670.15)

(1,670.15)

OCI component of actuarial gains/

(losses) (Net of taxes)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(54.61)

-

(54.61)

Balance at the end of the reporting

year - March 31, 2020

13,292.38

44.75

10,361.67

10,381.68

1,475.48

145.80

48,574.59

73,759.44

(147.89)

(140,272.59)

17,615.31

Particulars

Share

Capital

Other Equity

Total

Reserves & Surplus

Revaluation

Reserve

Other

Comprehensive

Income Actuarial

Gain / (Loss)

Transition

Difference

Equity

Share

Capital

Capital

Reserve

Securities

Premium

General

Reserve

Share

Options

Outstanding

Account

Capital

Redemption

Reserve

Retained

Earnings

Balance at the beginning of the

reporting year - April 1, 2018

13,275.95

44.75

10,067.68

10,381.68

1,117.45

145.80

41,495.85

-

(84.60)

-

76,444.56

Profit for the year

-

-

-

-

-

-

6,386.23

-

-

-

6,386.23

Additions during the year

-

-

-

-

148.45

-

-

-

-

-

148.45

Fresh Issue of shares

11.00

-

182.60

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

193.60

Issue of shares by ESOP Trust

3.03

-

62.11

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

65.14

Revaluation of Freehold Land

(refer note no 3(B))(Net of Taxes)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

73,937.70

-

-

73,937.70

Sale of Land

-

-

-

-

-

-

178.26

(178.26)

-

-

-

Impact on account of transition to Ind

AS 115 (refer note no 3(C))

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(121,044.68) (121,044.68)

OCI component of actuarial gains/

(losses) (Net of taxes)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(8.68)

-

(8.68)

Dividends (Including Dividend

Distribution Tax)

-

-

-

-

-

-

(6,440.24)

-

-

-

(6,440.24)

Balance at the end of the reporting

year - March 31, 2019

13,289.98

44.75

10,312.39

10,381.68

1,265.90

145.80

41,620.10

73,759.44

(93.28)

(121,044.68)

29,682.08:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN: 00010029

DIN: 06994031

Koosai Lehery

Akhila Balachandar

Dhanraj Mulki

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership Number: 112399

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 9, 2020

Date: May 9, 2020:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN: 00010029

DIN: 06994031

Koosai Lehery

Akhila Balachandar

Dhanraj Mulki

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership Number: 112399

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 9, 2020

Date: May 9, 2020:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN: 00010029

DIN: 06994031

Koosai Lehery

Akhila Balachandar

Dhanraj Mulki

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership Number: 112399

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 9, 2020

Date: May 9, 2020

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET AS AT MARCH 31, 2020

Particulars

Note

No.

As at

March 31, 2020

As at

March 31, 2019

ASSETS

Non-Current Assets

Property, Plant and Equipment

4

234,559.41

231,423.88

Right of Use Asset

5

139,079.24

-

Capital work-in-progress

24,256.06

22,324.55

Goodwill

6

9,997.02

9,509.19

Other Intangible Assets

7

2,580.40

2,947.93

Intangible Assets under development

725.21

400.11

Equity accounted investees

8

182.88

169.14

Financial Assets

Investments

8

1,157.79

997.77

Trade Receivables

9

49,905.78

57,091.78

Loans

10

4,426.14

4,673.09

Other financial assets

11

7,500.00

26.56

Deferred Tax Assets (Net)

12

52,259.58

67,317.99

Other non-current tax assets (Net)

14

18,665.89

16,902.80

Deferred Acquisition Cost

15

66,516.39

64,283.21

Other non-current assets

16

3,287.07

4,312.40

615,098.86

482,380.40

Current Assets

Inventories

17

55,208.67

56,952.35

Financial Assets

Investments

18

39,294.82

31,183.08

Trade receivables

19

124,498.59

111,209.51

Cash and cash equivalents

20

8,577.01

6,012.73

Other bank balances

21

19,441.32

1,927.55

Loans

22

25.13

21.96

Other financial assets

23

14,182.96

27,365.94

Deferred Acquisition Cost

24

4,831.47

4,559.42

Other current assets

25

7,419.79

6,647.14

273,479.76

245,879.68

888,578.62

728,260.08

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

EQUITY

Equity Share Capital

26

13,292.38

13,289.98

Other Equity

27

Reserves & Surplus

62,470.75

56,659.00

Revaluation Reserve

78,700.02

78,700.02

Foreign Currency Translation Reserve

1,219.63

869.19

Other Comprehensive Income

(147.89)

(93.28)

Transition Difference

(150,904.10)

(121,267.67)

(8,661.59)

14,867.26

4,630.79

28,157.24

Non-Controlling Interests

28

932.38

2,937.56

5,563.17

31,094.80

LIABILITIES

Non-Current Liabilities

Financial Liabilities

Borrowings- Lease Liabilities

29

142,705.19

-

Borrowings- Loans

30

32,667.65

56,714.09

Other financial liabilities

31

3,509.03

4,637.64

Provisions

32

709.37

578.68

Deferred Tax Liabilities

13

23,824.34

23,824.34

Other Non-Current Liabilities

Contract Liability - Deferred Revenue

33

502,582.46

479,591.28

705,998.04

565,346.03

Current liabilities

Financial Liabilities

Borrowings

34

-

1,772.41

Trade Payables

35

Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises; and

124.92

61.18

Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small

enterprises

30,747.60

28,428.62

Lease Liabilities

36

14,584.29

-

Other Financial Liabilities

37

66,211.17

42,465.69

Provisions

38

606.90

565.18

Other Current Liabilities

Contract Liability - Deferred Revenue

39

60,736.62

54,766.45

Others

40

4,005.91

3,759.72

177,017.41

131,819.25

888,578.62

728,260.08:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN: 00010029

DIN: 06994031

Koosai Lehery

Akhila Balachandar

Dhanraj Mulki

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership Number: 112399

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 9, 2020

Date: May 9, 2020

Particulars

Note

No.

Year ended

March 31, 2020

Year ended

March 31, 2019

Revenue

Revenue from operations

41

237,186.67

223,899.36

Other Income

42

5,927.89

5,666.69

Total Revenue

243,114.56

229,566.05

Expenses

Cost of vacation ownership weeks

45(a)

37,383.01

30,850.19

Employee benefits expense

43

58,485.28

57,430.47

Finance costs

44

7,947.41

2,358.80

Depreciation and amortisation expense

4,5 & 7

24,712.35

10,134.30

Other expenses

45(b)

104,455.54

118,995.87

Total Expenses

232,983.59

219,769.63

Profit before share of profit of joint ventures and associates

10,130.97

9,796.42

Share of profit of joint ventures and associates (net of income tax)

1.65

8.28

Profit before tax excluding impact of change in tax rate

10,132.62

9,804.70

Tax expense excluding impact of change in tax rate

Current tax

46

2,534.04

2,455.31

Deferred tax

46

1,051.89

1,392.20

3,585.93

3,847.51

Profit after tax for the year excluding impact of change in tax rate

6,546.69

5,957.19

One time impact on Tax expense (Current and Deferred) due to change in tax rate

46

19,972.94

-

Profit / (Loss) after tax for the year

(13,426.25)

5,957.19

Profit / (Loss) for the year attributable to:

Owners of the Company

(13,205.90)

6,042.04

Non controlling interests

(220.35)

(84.85)

(13,426.25)

5,957.19

Other comprehensive income

Items that will not be reclassified to profit or (loss)

Remeasurements of the defined benefit liabilities/ (asset)

(72.98)

(13.34)

Freehold land revaluation

-

103,587.49

Income taxes related to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

18.37

(23,883.30)

Items that may be reclassified to profit or (loss)

Exchange differences on translating the financial statements of foreign operations

2,082.63

(2,174.66)

Net Gain/(Loss) on net investment hedge

(1,732.19)

500.23

Income taxes related to items that may be reclassified to profit or loss

-

-

Total other comprehensive income

295.83

78,016.42

Other comprehensive income for the year attributable to:

Owners of the Company

295.83

77,247.20

Non controlling interests

-

769.22

295.83

78,016.42

Total comprehensive income for the year

(13,130.42)

83,973.61

Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to:

Owners of the Company

(12,910.07)

83,289.24

Non controlling interests

(220.35)

684.37

(13,130.42)

83,973.61

Earnings per equity share

(face value of ` 10 per share)

Basic ` per share

47

(9.94)

4.55

Diluted ` per share

47

(9.94)

4.54:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN: 00010029

DIN: 06994031

Koosai Lehery

Akhila Balachandar

Dhanraj Mulki

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership Number: 112399

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 9, 2020

Date: May 9, 2020

Particulars

Share

Capital

Other Equity

Attributable

to owners

of the

Company

Non-

Controlling

Interests

(NCI)

Total

Reserves & Surplus

Foreign

Currency

Translation

Reserve

Other

Comprehensive

Income

Actuarial Gain /

(Loss)

Revaluation

Reserve

Transition

difference

Equity

Share

Capital

Capital

Reserve

Securities

Premium

General

Reserve

Share

Options

Outstanding

Account

Capital

Redemption

Reserve

FCMITDR

Retained

Earnings

Balance

at

the

beginning

of

reporting year April 1, 2018

13,275.95

44.75

10,067.73

10,381.68

1,117.47

145.80 (1,806.58)

35,459.17

2,543.62

(84.60)

-

-

71,144.99

2,735.59

73,880.58

Profit for the year

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

6,042.04

-

-

-

-

6,042.04

(84.85)

5,957.19

Additions during the year

-

-

-

-

148.45

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

148.45

-

148.45

Fresh Issue of shares

11.00

-

182.60

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

193.60

-

193.60

Issue of shares by ESOP Trust

3.03

-

62.11

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

65.14

-

65.14

Revaluation of Freehold Land (refer

note no 3(B))(Net of Taxes)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

78,878.28

-

78,878.28

833.80

79,712.08

Sale of Land

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

178.26

-

-

(178.26)

-

-

-

-

Impact on account of transition to

Ind AS 115 (refer note no 3(C))

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(121,267.67)

(121,267.67)

- (121,267.67)

OCI component of actuarial gains/

(losses) (Net of taxes)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(8.68)

-

-

(8.68)

-

(8.68)

Dividends

(including

Dividend

Distribution Tax)

-

-

-

-

-

-

- (6,440.24)

-

-

-

-

(6,440.24)

-

(6,440.24)

Net Gain/(Loss) on net investment

hedge

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

500.23

-

-

-

500.23

-

500.23

Acquisition of NCI

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(279.86)

-

-

-

-

(279.86)

(482.40)

(762.26)

Changes during the year

-

-

-

-

-

-

1,355.61

-

(2,174.66)

-

-

-

(819.04)

(64.58)

(883.62)

Balance at the end of reporting year

March 31, 2019

13,289.98

44.75

10,312.44

10,381.68

1,265.92

145.80

(450.97)

34,959.37

869.19

(93.28)

78,700.02

(121,267.67)

28,157.24

2,937.56

31,094.80:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN: 00010029

DIN: 06994031

Koosai Lehery

Akhila Balachandar

Dhanraj Mulki

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership Number: 112399

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 9, 2020

Date: May 9, 2020

Particulars

Year ended

March 31, 2020

Year ended

March 31, 2019

C.

CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES :

Proceeds from borrowings

17,430.06

17,279.71

Repayment of borrowings

(19,707.03)

(10,294.59)

Payment of Lease Liabilities

(13,046.02)

-

Proceeds from issue of equity share capital

51.68

258.74

Dividends paid to owners of the Company (including Dividend Distribution Tax)

-

(6,437.20)

Acquisition of Non controlling interest

(1,640.74)

(762.26)

Interest Paid on Lease Liabilities

(6,316.55)

-

Interest Paid on Borrowings

(2,191.06)

(2,113.91)

NET CASH USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES

(25,419.66)

(2,069.51)

NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS (A+B+C)

2,194.17

488.96

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year

6,012.73

5,631.73

Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash held

370.11

(107.96)

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year (Refer note no 20)

8,577.01

6,012.73:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN: 00010029

DIN: 06994031

Koosai Lehery

Akhila Balachandar

Dhanraj Mulki

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership Number: 112399

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 9, 2020

Date: May 9, 2020

Note No. 61 - Net investment hedge (Contd.):

Managing Director & CEO

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

DIN: 00010029

DIN: 06994031

Place: Mumbai

Date : May 9, 2020:

