letter(s), or any other related paper(s)/document(s), give any undertaking(s), affidavit(s), certification(s),

declaration(s) including without limitation the authority to amend or modify such document(s) in relation to the aforesaid Issue

of Equity Shares under QIP.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board shall have all powers and authorities to modify, reapply, redo, make necessary changes,

approach and to do all requisite filings/resubmission of any document(s) and other compliances and to do all such acts and

deeds that are necessary to comply with the terms and conditions subject to which approval, sanction, permission etc. as may be

provided by the Stock Exchange(s) and any other Appropriate Authority, without being required to seek any further approval of

the Members and that the Members shall be deemed to have given their approval thereto for all such acts, deeds, matters and/

or things, expressly by the authority of this resolution.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to offer, issue and allotment of Equity Shares under QIP, as aforesaid,

the Board be and is hereby authorized on behalf of the Company to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as it may in its

absolute discretion deem necessary, desirable or expedient including fixing of record dates or book closure, deciding on the Issue

price, premium amount, opening and closing dates of issue, as may be applicable and to settle any questions, difficulties or

doubts that may arise in regard to such offer, issue, allotment and listing of Equity Shares under QIP as it may in its absolute

discretion deem fit.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to delegate (to the extent permitted by law) all or any of the

powers conferred by this resolution on it, to any Committee or sub-Committee of Directors or any other Director(s) or Officer(s)

of the Company to give effect to the aforesaid resolution, with the power to such Committee/sub-Committee of the Board to

further delegate all or any of its powers/ duties to any of the members of such committee”.:

letter of appointment of Ms. Neha Poonia as an Independent Director setting out the terms and conditions is

available for electronic inspection by the members without any fee, from the date of circulation of this Notice up to the date of

AGM. The profile and specific areas of expertise of Ms. Neha Poonia are also provided in the Corporate Governance section of

the Annual report, of which this notice forms a part. It may be noted that her appointment at the AGM shall be deemed to be a

continuation of her appointment by the Board for a period of five consecutive years, as aforementioned.

Brief profile of Ms. Neha Poonia:

Ms. Neha Poonia, aged 34 years, holds a post graduate degree in management from Indian Institute of Management, Lucknow with

specialization in Human Resources and Marketing and a graduate degree in Electronics and Instrumentation Engineering from

Institute of Technology and Management, Gurgaon. She co-founded a Food and Beverage company which acquired rights from

“Pepsi” to manufacture and distribute their packaged drinking water brand “Aquafina”. The company was acquired by Varahi Ltd in

the year 2019. During this time, she was involved in setting up the manufacturing unit, acquiring government licenses, devising the

supply chain with reverse logistics and talent/stakeholder management. Prior to her startup, she worked with an HR Consultancy

firm with offices across London, Paris, Dubai, India, Hong Kong, Singapore and Brisbane. She partnered with global corporations,

helping them hire senior leadership talent across the globe including US, Europe, MEA, India, ASEAN and Australia.

Ms. Neha Poonia does not hold any shares in the Company nor she is related to any director of the Company.

Ms. Neha Poonia is also a director in RattanIndia Power Limited. She does not hold any memberships/Chairpersonship in the any

committee of the Board of Directors of the Company or any other Company.

This statement may also be regarded as an appropriate disclosure under Regulation 17 and other applicable regulations, if any, of

the Listing Regulations. The Board therefore recommends the Ordinary Resolution set out at Item No. 4 of the Notice for approval

by the members.

Except Ms. Neha Poonia to whom the resolution relates, none of the Director(s) and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company

or their respective relatives, are concerned or interested financially or otherwise in the Resolution mentioned at Item No. 4 of

the Notice.

Item nos. 5 & 6

Alterations in the Objects Clause and Name Clause of the Memorandum of Association of the Company

The Company was originally incorporated, primarily with the objects of:

(a)

generation, distribution and supply of various forms of electric power and

(b)

design, engineering, construction and development of power projects

While the Company is a constituent of the Promoter Group of RattanIndia Power Limited, a company engaged in the generation

and supply of thermal power, inspite of serious efforts an appropriate opportunity to participate in either of the aforesaid business

activities, has not come its way.

This in turn has acted as an impediment to the Company’s primary objective of generating business revenues and thereby

maximizing the wealth of its shareholders. The outbreak of COVID-19 which has seriously impacted the business sector has

accentuated the difficulties by severely limiting the opportunities and increasing the competition.

The situation therefore called for a pragmatic approach where a business enterprise, instead of putting all eggs in a single basket,

works in a manner which enables to grab the best of business opportunities in the most promising of business sectors.:

Dear Shareholders,

Your Directors present the 10th Annual Report on the business and operations of the Company along with the audited financial

statements for the financial year ended March 31, 2020.

SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL RESULTS

The summary of the financial results of the Company for the financial year ended March 31, 2020, is as under-

FINANCIAL RESULTS

(` In lakhs)

Standalone

Consolidated

Particulars

March 31, 2020

March 31, 2019

March 31, 2020

March 31, 2019

Revenue from operations

-

-

-

-

Profit/(Loss) from operations before other

-71.81

-129.73

-71.81

-129.73

income, finance costs and exceptional items

Other income

156.59

49.25

156.59

49.25

Finance costs

122.71

-

122.71

-

Exceptional items

-

-

-

-

Profit/(Loss) before Tax

-37.93

-80.48

-37.93

-80.48

Tax Expense

-

-

-

-

Loss before share of profit/ (loss) in associate

-

-

-37.93

-80.48

Share of loss in associate

-

-

-15265.98

-130739.71

Net profit/(loss) for the year

-37.93

-80.48

-15303.91

-130820.19

Paid-up equity share capital

(face value of ` 2 each)

27,645.39

27,645.39

27,645.39

27,645.39

Other equity

40,065.41

40,103.45

-19,184.59

-3,880.57

Earning per shares (in `)

-0.003

-0.006

-1.11

-9.46

TRANSFER TO GENERAL RESERVE

In view of the losses incurred during the financial year ended March 31, 2020, it has not been possible to transfer any amount to

general reserve.

BUSINESS REVIEW

During the year under review, the Company has posted net loss of ` 37.93 Lakhs.

While the Company is a constituent of the Promoter Group of RattanIndia Power Limited, a company engaged in the generation

and supply of thermal power, inspite of serious efforts an appropriate opportunity to participate in either of the aforesaid business

activities, has not come its way. This in turn has acted as an impediment to the Company’s primary objective of generating business

revenues and thereby maximizing the wealth of its shareholders. The outbreak of COVID-19 which has seriously impacted the

business sector has accentuated the difficulties by severely limiting the opportunities and increasing the competition. The situation

therefore calls for a pragmatic approach where a business enterprise, instead of putting all eggs in a single basket, works in a

manner which enables to grab the best of business opportunities in the most promising of business sectors.

Accordingly, it is proposed that the Company enters into a business which would enable the Company to generate revenues in quick

time while at the same time being light on the expenses involved in setting up and running such business and also allowing the

Company to either to not having to resort to any external financial assistance in the shape of debts or keeping its debt requirements

to the minimum. The business activities which the Company proposes to venture into are (a) the business of new age technologies

including Fintech; (b) the business of providing manpower in the form of skilled, semi-skilled and unskilled employees and workers

related to technical services or services of other nature; and (c) the business activity of providing consultancy services of various

kinds including technical, legal, financial and human resource, management and other consultancy.

Board’s Report:

letter as well as spirit, the principles of

sound corporate governance, the functional requirements of the Company and the industry norms. The Policy may be accessed

on Company’s website at the link: http://www.rattanindia.com/ril/policies/.

EVALUATION OF PERFORMANCE OF THE BOARD, ITS COMMITTEES AND INDIVIDUAL DIRECTORS

In compliance with the requirements of the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI (Listing Obligations And Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015, as in the previous financial years, for the year under review, the Board of Directors carried out an annual

evaluation of its own performance, the performance of various Board committees and that of individual directors, as detailed

hereunder:

A.

Board and Board Committees

The performance of the Board and its committees was reviewed and evaluated by the entire Board. The process involved

seeking views and inputs from various directors and committee members. The criteria used for the purpose were as follows:

(a)

the composition of the Board of Directors and whether it was commensurate with the nature and volume of the

business of the Company and the needs emanating therefrom.

(b)

composition of various committees and whether the said composition effectively served the purpose for which a

committee had been created.

(c)

whether all the information required to be placed before the Board or before the various committees of the Board, was

being placed in a timely, adequate and effective manner so as to enable the Board or the relevant committee to arrive

at considered and well thought out conclusions and decisions, in a proper time.

(d)

Whether the flow of information between the Board and the management in general and between the Board and its

committees, was impediment free, timely and effective.

B.

Individual non-independent Directors and committee members

The performance of the non-independent directors and committee members, on an individual basis, was carried out by the

Independent directors.

The performance of the Chairman was also evaluated by the Independent Directors, taking into account the views and

suggestions of various executive and non-executive directors.

The above evaluation was based on such criteria as the knowledge and expertise of the director / committee member

concerned and the interest taken by him/her in the affairs of the Company as evidenced by his/her inputs/ suggestions to

the Company whether at the Board and /or committee meetings or otherwise.

C

Independent Directors

The performance of the Independent Directors was reviewed and evaluated by the entire Board and in such exercise, the

director concerned whose performance was being evaluated, did not participate

The criteria used for evaluation were, the performance of each director as evidenced by the level of participation in the

affairs of the Company, gauged by the inputs/ suggestions received from such a director and as to whether the concerned

director fulfilled each of the criteria for independence, laid down in law.

Towards the evaluation of performance questionnaires were circulated and individual feedback meetings were held with

various directors, committee members and the Chairman, all of which were compiled into detailed reports at the end of the

financial year, the consolidated report being once again finally discussed and reviewed and thereupon documented and

preserved in records.

Board’s Report (Contd.):

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure 1 and forms an integral part of this report.

ANNEXURE ‘B’ TO BOARD’S REPORT (Contd.):

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the company. Our responsibility is to express

an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness

of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected

in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations

and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility

of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness

with which the management has conducted the affairs of the company.

7.

The maximum liability of my firm under the secretarial audit in respect of the aggregate of all claims shall not exceed the fee

charged by us.

For S. Khandelwal & Co.

Company Secretaries

Sd/-

Sanjay Khandelwal

FCS No.: 5945

C P No.: 6128

Place : New Delhi

Date: July 29, 2020

ANNEXURE ‘B’ TO BOARD’S REPORT (Contd.):

Managing Director, Whole-time Directors and/or Manager:

S

Particulars of Remuneration

Name of MD/WTD/ Manager

Total

No.

Amount

Name

Mr. Raghunandan Kumar Sharma

(`````/Lacs)

Designation

Manager

1

Gross salary

-

-

(a)Salary as per provisions contained in section 17(1)

-

-

of the Income-tax Act, 1961

(b)Value of perquisites u/s 17(2) Income-tax Act, 1961

-

-

(c) Profits in lieu of salary under section 17(3)

-

-

Income- tax Act, 1961

2

Stock Option

-

-

3

Sweat Equity

-

-

4

Commission

-

-

- as % of profit

-

-

- others, specify

-

-

5

Others, please specify

-

-

Total (A)

-

-

Ceiling as per the Act

ANNEXURE ‘D’ TO BOARD’S REPORT (Contd.):

Director's Kit containing various declarations and submissions required to be

made to the Board and key information/policy documents such as Group Code of Business Conduct & Ethics, Memorandum

and Articles of Association, Annual Report for previous 3 years, Whistle Blower Policy and Code of Conduct for prevention of

Insider Trading is provided to every Director inducted on the Board. A detailed: letter informing the terms and conditions of

appointment and stating his/her roles, rights and responsibility in line with the requirements of Companies Act, 2013 are

provided to the Independent Directors.

Presentations are made at Board and Board Committee Meetings which include updates on performance review, strategy

and key regulatory developments. Detailed presentations on the duties and responsibilities of Independent Directors and

the Company's future strategy and updates one merging developments in the economy were made at the separate meeting

of the Independent Directors held during the year. Each director of the Company has complete access to any information

relating to the Company. Periodic meetings are also conducted on a one-on-one basis between the independent directors

and senior functional heads for more elaborate understanding of various aspects of business. The above initiatives help the

Director to understand the Company, its business and the regulatory framework in which the Company operates and equips

him to effectively fulfill his role as a Director of the Company.

The Familiarisation Programme for Independent Directors is posted on the website of the Company and can be viewed at

the weblink: http://www.rattanindia.com/ril/general/

Separate meeting of Independent Directors

A separate meeting of the Independent Directors of the Company was held on November 6, 2019, inter alia, to discuss

matters as prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013 and Listing Regulations.

Performance Evaluation Criteria for Independent Directors is provided in the Board's Report of this Annual Report.

4.

COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD

The Board has various committees including Audit Committee, Nomination & Remuneration Committee, Stakeholders

Relationship Committee and Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Committee which act in accordance with the terms of

reference determined by the Board. Meetings of each of these Committees are convened by the respective

