Managing Director

SUDARSHAN VENU

Joint: Managing Director

K.N. RADHAKRISHNAN

Director & CEO

H. LAKSHMANAN

T. KANNAN

C. R. DUA

Dr. LAKSHMI VENU

PRINCE ASIRVATHAM

HEMANT KRISHAN SINGH

RAJESH NARASIMHAN

LALITA D GUPTE

R. GOPALAN

Audit Committee

R. GOPALAN,

letter

etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized

signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer

by e-mail sriram.krishnamurthy@rediffmail.com with a

copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in.

2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password

with any other person and take utmost care to keep your

password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will

be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in

the correct password. In such an event, you will need

to go through the "Forgot User Details/Password?" or

"Physical User Reset Password?" option available on

www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

3. A person, whose name is recorded in the Register of

Members or in the Register of Beneficial Owners

maintained by the depositories as on the cut-off date

only shall be entitled to avail the facility of remote

e-Voting or casting vote through e-Voting system during

the meeting.

4. Mr K Sriram, Practicing Company Secretary (Membership

No. 2215), has been appointed as the Scrutinizer to

scrutinize the remote e-Voting process and casting vote

at the meeting in a fair and transparent manner.

5. In case of any queries, Members may refer to the Frequently

Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-Voting

user manual for Shareholders available at the download

section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll free no.:

1800-222-990. Members who need assistance before or

during the AGM, can contact NSDL on evoting@nsdl.co.in/

or contact Mr Amit Vishal, Senior Manager - NSDL at

amitv@nsdl.co.in/ 022-24994360 / +91 9920264780 or

Mr Sagar Ghosalkar, Assistant Manager - NSDL at

sagar.ghosalkar@nsdl.co.in/ 022-24994553 / +91

9326781467.

6. The Scrutinizer shall after the conclusion of e-Voting at

the AGM, first download the votes cast at the AGM and

thereafter unblock the votes cast through remote

e-Voting and shall make a consolidated scrutinizer's report

of the total votes cast in favour or against, invalid votes,

if any, and whether the resolution has been carried or not,

and such report shall then be sent to the Chairman or

a person authorized in this regard, within 48 (forty eight)

hours from the conclusion of the AGM, who shall then

countersign and declare the result of the voting forthwith.

7. The results declared along with the report of the

Scrutinizer shall be placed on the website of the Company

at www.tvsmotor.com and on the website of NSDL at

www.evoting.nsdl.com immediately after the declaration

of results by the Chairman or a person authorized by

him. The results shall also be immediately forwarded to

BSE Limited, Mumbai and The National Stock Exchange

of India Limited, Mumbai.

8. Pursuant to the Circulars issued by MCA and SEBI,

owing to the difficulties involved in dispatching of physical

copies of the Notice of the AGM and the Annual Report

for the year 2019-20, the said documents are being sent

only by email to the Members.

Therefore, those Members, whose email address is not

registered with the Company or with their respective

Depository Participant/s, and who wish to receive the

Notice of the AGM and the Annual Report for the year

2019-20 and all other communication sent by the

Company, from time to time, can get their email address

registered by following the steps as given below:-

a) For Members holding shares in physical form, please

send scan copy of a signed request: letter mentioning

your folio number, complete address, email address

to be registered along with scanned self-attested

copy of the PAN and any document (such as Driving

Licence, Passport, Bank Statement, AADHAR)

supporting the registered address of the Member, by

email

to

the

Company's

email

address

icsta@scl.co.in.

b) For Members holding shares in demat form, please

update your email address through your respective

Depository Participant/s.

9. Pursuant to Finance Act, 2020, dividend income will be

taxable in the hands of the shareholders w.e.f. 1st April

2020 and the Company is required to deduct tax at

source ("TDS") from dividend paid to the Members at

rates prescribed in the Income Tax Act, 1961 ("the IT

Act"). In general, to enable compliance with TDS

requirements, Members are requested to complete and

/ or update their Residential Status, PAN, Category as

per the IT Act with their Depository Participants or in

case shares are held in physical form, with the Company

by sending email to the Company's email address viz,

contactus@tvsmotor.com.

10. In order to receive dividend/s in a timely manner,

Members holding shares in physical form who have not

letter mentioning your name, folio

number, complete address and following details

relating to bank account in which the dividend is to

be received :

i.

Name and Branch of Bank and Bank Account

type;

ii.

Bank Account Number allotted by your bank after

implementation of Core Banking Solutions;

iii. 11 digit IFSC Code;

iv. Self-attested scanned copy of cancelled cheque

bearing the name of the Member or first holder,

in case shares are held jointly;

v. Self-attested scanned copy of the PAN Card;

and

vi. Self-attested scanned copy of any document

(such as AADHAR Card, Driving Licence, Election

Identity Card, Passport) in support of the address

of the Member as registered with the Company.

b. For the Members holding shares in demat form,

please update your Electronic Bank Mandate through

your Depository Participant/s.

11. In accordance with the provisions of Article 66 of the

Articles of Association of the Company, Mr H Lakshmanan

and Dr. Lakshmi Venu will retire by rotation at AGM and

being eligible, offer themselves for re-appointment; and

12. In terms of the Regulation 36(3) of the Listing Regulations,

read with Secretarial Standards on General Meeting,

brief profile of the Directors, who are proposed to be re-

appointed in this AGM, nature of their expertise in specific

functional areas, other Directorships and Committee

Memberships, their shareholding and relationship with

other Directors of the Company are given below:

Profile of Dr. Lakshmi Venu

Dr. Lakshmi Venu, aged 37 years, a graduate of Yale University,

holds a Doctorate in Engineering Management from the

University of Warwick.

She underwent her initial training for three years as a

Management Trainee in Sundaram Auto Components

Limited, a subsidiary of the Company, beginning from 2003

and when she was deputed to work in Sundaram-Clayton

Limited, the holding company, she underwent an extensive

in-depth induction and worked in the areas of business

strategy, corporate affairs, product design and sales &

marketing of the Company.

Dr. Lakshmi Venu is currently the Joint: Managing Director

of Sundaram-Clayton Limited, the holding company and

Deputy Managing Director of TAFE Motors and Tractors

Limited. She also holds directorships in various other

companies.

She has been the director of the Company since 10th

September 2014.

She is the daughter of Mr Venu Srinivasan,

Managing Director,

K N Radhakrishnan, Director & CEO, H Lakshmanan,

Dr. Lakshmi Venu and Rajesh Narasimhan, Directors and

also of Chairman of the Board and the Board as a whole.

IDs evaluated the performance of all Non-IDs individually,

through a set of questionnaires. They reviewed the Non-

IDs' interaction during the Board / Committee meetings and

thoughtful inputs given by them to improve the risk

management, internal controls and contribution to the

Company's growth.

IDs were satisfied fully with the performance of all Non-IDs.

b) Chairman

The IDs reviewed the performance of Chairman of the Board

after taking into account his performance and benchmarked

the achievement of the Company with industry under the

stewardship of Chairman.

The IDs also placed on record, their appreciation of:

Managing Director of the Company (CMD), effective 24th

April 2020 to hold the office for a further period of five years

on such terms and conditions and the same was approved

by the shareholders through Postal ballot on 17th March 2020

by way of a special resolution.

Mr Venu Srinivasan, Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director (MD) / Whole-time Director (WTD):

($ in lakhs)

Sl.

Particulars of Remuneration

Total

No.

Mr Venu Srinivasan Mr Sudarshan Venu Mr KN Radhakrishnan

Amount

CMD

JMD

D & CEO

1.

Gross salary

(a) Salary as per provisions contained under

Section 17(1) of the Income-Tax Act, 1961

307.90

346.74

425.15

1079.79

(b) Value of perquisites under Section 17(2) of the

Income Tax Act, 1961

–

–

–

–

(c) Profits in lieu of salary under

Section 17(3) of the Income Tax Act, 1961

–

–

–

–

2.

Stock Option

–

–

–

–

3.

Sweat Equity

–

–

–

–

4.

Commission

-

as % of profit

1548.00

1133.00

300.00

2981.00

-

others, specify

–

–

–

–

5.

Others - Employer contribution to provident and other funds

8.67

–

13.46

22.13

Total (A)

1864.57

1479.74

738.61

4082.92

Ceiling as per the Act, 2013

7,184.75

CMD - Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director and

28th May 2020

Chairman of CSR Committee:

Managing Director

JMD - Joint: Managing Director

D&CEO- Director & Chief Executive Officer

CFO - Chief Financial officer; CS - Company Secretary

NENID - Non Executive Non Independent Director

NEID - Non Executive Independent Director

2

The percentage increase in the median remuneration of employees

3%

in the financial year;

3

The number of permanent employees on the rolls of Company;

5133

4

a. Average percentile increase already made in the salaries of

employees other than the managerial personnel in the financial

11%

year 2019-20

b. Average percentile increase / (decrease) in the managerial

remuneration in the financial year 2019-20

(15%)

There are no exceptional circumstances for increase in the

managerial remuneration.

5

Affirmation that the remuneration is as per the remuneration policy

Remuneration paid during the year 2019-20

of the Company.

is as per the Remuneration Policy of the

Company

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Chennai

VENU SRINIVASAN

28th May 2020

letter

and in spirit, is the foundation on which the Company's

ethical standards are built. The Company would constantly

endeavour to improve on these aspects.

Good corporate governance, acting in accordance with

the principles of responsible management which aimed

at increasing enterprise value on a sustainable basis, is

an essential requirement for the TVS Group.

The Company's corporate governance philosophy has

been further strengthened by adopting a Code of

Business Conduct and Ethics and Code of Conduct to

Regulate, Monitor and Report trading by Insiders for

prevention of insider trading by the Directors and

Designated Persons and Code of practices for fair

disclosure of unpublished price sensitive information and

various other policies available on the Company's

website www.tvsmotor.com.

2.

Board of Directors

The Board of Directors (the Board), which consists of

eminent persons with considerable professional expertise

and experience, provides leadership and guidance to the

management, thereby enhancing stakeholders' value.

2.1 Composition and category of Directors:

The Board has sought to balance its composition

and tenure, and that of its Committees and to refresh

them gradually from time to time so that they can

benefit from the experience of longer serving

Directors, and the fresh external perspectives and

insights from newer appointees.

As on 31st March 2020, the total strength of the

board was twelve. As the Company has an

Executive Chairman viz., Mr Venu Srinivasan,

Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director

NE-NID : Non-Executive - Non-Independent Director

JMD

: Joint: Managing Director

NE-ID

: Non-Executive - Independent Director

D&CEO : Director & Chief Executive Officer

*

includes private companies and companies incorporated outside India.

** includes committees where the director holds the position of

Managing Director

Cummins India Limited

Non-Executive - Independent Director

The Indian Hotels Company Limited

Non-Executive Non Independent Director

Sudarshan Venu

Sundaram-Clayton Limited

Non-Executive Non-Independent Director

H Lakshmanan

Harita Seating Systems Limited

Non-Executive - Independent Director

Dr. Lakshmi Venu

Sundaram-Clayton Limited

Joint: Managing Director

Wabco India Limited

Non-Executive - Independent Director

T Kannan

VTM Limited

Managing Director of Sundaram-Clayton

Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director

holding company and in TVS Credit Services Limited, the subsidiary company

engaged in NBFC activities. Very resourceful in his approach and

implementation of strategies and turnaround of exports in a positive manner;

•

Made efforts on multiple fronts to make the Company's products as a

whole, more aspirational;

•

Plays a key role in profitable exports expansion, in the e-utility and Artificial

Intelligence foray by the Company;

•

Always strives for excellence in both quality and cost along with customer

satisfaction and take advantage of emerging opportunities and catch new

waves of wealth creation;

•

He involves himself in all spheres of management and his expertise in

strategic planning, business administration and digital platform have

developed the Company in its growth at a faster rate.

Dr. Lakshmi Venu, Director

•

Involved in all spheres of management of Sundaram-Clayton Limited,

the holding company as its Joint: Managing

Managing Director of VTM Limited;

•

He has held the positions as Chairman of CII, Southern Region and of

Textiles Committee, Mumbai, The Cotton Textile Export Promotion

Council, Mumbai and The South India Mills' Association;

•

He is also a leading Educationalist, presently serving as the President of

Thiagarajar College, Madurai and Chairman & Correspondent of

Thiagarajar College of Engineering, Madurai;

•

He is a member of Syndicate Anna University, Chennai, Board of

Governors of IIM, Indore and Board of Governors of National Institute of

Technology, Trichy;

•

He is the Thakkar of Arulmigu Meenakshi Sundareswarar Thirukoil,

Madurai;

•

He is the recipient of Perunthalaivar Kamarajar Award conferred by the

Government of Tamil Nadu for promotion of Education and Social Service;

•

He has vast experience in financial management, Corporate Finance,

business administration, regulatory and governance matters.

Mr C R Dua, Independent Director

•

He is the Chairman of Dua Associates, a law firm engaged in providing

strategic advice and direction towards growth and development of various

corporates;

•

His experience covers a broad range of areas relating to Corporate,

Finance, Securities, Infrastructure and aspects of Public Policy and

Administration, Governance and Ethics;

•

He has a broad range of legal and regulatory experience to monitor

corporate governance practices both in India and abroad.

Mr Prince Asirvatham,

•

Mr Prince had played a key role in design and implementation of Unilever

Independent Director

group's global risk assurance process, in restructuring treasury operations

in India and in leading the merger of the largest F&B operation in India;

•

He founded his current practice "Checks and Balances" in India in 2003

to promote good governance through mentoring independent directors

and aspiring senior corporate managers;

•

He has in-depth experience in financial matters, mergers and acquisitions.

Mr Rajesh Narasimhan, Director

•

Mr Narasimhan is an Innovative and highly adaptable leader with over

three decades of experience in both start-ups and mature organizations

across multiple industries including Information Technology, Consumer

Durables & Consumer Electronics. He has held several senior

management and executive positions at Hewlett Packard, CSC /

Covansys and the TVS group and brings extensive global experience in

General Management, Technology and Executive Leadership, Digital &

Business transformation and Talent & leadership development;

•

While heading several multi - billion $ businesses at Hewlett Packard,

Mr Narasimhan successfully led critical business transformations for them

both globally and in the Asia Pacific & Japan region and also advised

several Fortune 500 clients in the Automotive, Consumer Goods,

Financial Services, Manufacturing and Telecom industries around their

business transformation through digital and technology innovation

leveraging Automation, Cloud, Cyber-security, Data Analytics and

Management, Mobility & Social;

•

He has vast experience in Digital & Business transformation in the areas of

automotive and fintech industries that have direct relevance to Company.

Name of the directors

Brief description about the Directors:

Director's Responsibility Statement in terms

of clause (c) of sub-section (3) of Section

134 of the Act, 2013;

•

Changes, if any, in accounting policies and

practices and reasons for the same;

•

Major accounting entries involving estimates

based on the exercise of judgment by

management;

•

Significant adjustments made in the financial

statements arising out of audit findings;

•

Compliance with listing and other legal

requirements relating to financial statements;

•

Disclosure of any related party transactions;

and

•

Modified opinion, if any, in the draft audit

report.

d. Reviewing with the management, the quarterly

financial statements before submission to the

Board for approval;

e. Reviewing and monitoring the auditor's

independence

and

performance

and

effectiveness of audit process;

f. Approving or subsequently modifying any

transactions of the Company with related

parties;

g. Scrutinizing the inter-corporate loans and

investments;

h. Reviewing the valuation of undertakings or

assets of the Company, wherever it is

necessary;:

Managing Director

2.

Sudarshan Venu

Joint: Managing

letter of even date annexed to this report as

Annexure – A.

1.

Compliance with specific statutory provisions

We further report that:

1.1. We have examined the books, papers, minute books

and other records maintained by the Company and

the forms, returns, reports, disclosures and

information filed or disseminated during the year

according to the applicable provisions/ clauses of:

(i)

The Companies Act, 2013, and the rules made

thereunder (‘the Companies Act’).

(ii) The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act,

1956, and the rules made thereunder.

(iii) The Depositories Act, 1996, and the regulations

and bye-laws framed thereunder.

(iv) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and

the rules and regulations made thereunder, to

the extent of Overseas Direct Investment and

External Commercial Borrowings (‘FEMA’).

(v) The following Regulations prescribed under the

Securities and Exchange Board of India Act,

1992 (‘SEBI Regulations’):

(a) The Securities and Exchange Board of

India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and

Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;

(b) The Securities and Exchange Board of

India (Prohibition of Insider Trading)

Regulations, 2015; and

(c) The Securities and Exchange Board of

India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI

LODR’).

(vi) The listing agreements entered into by the

Company with the National Stock Exchange of

India Limited (NSE) and BSE Limited (BSE)

(‘Agreements’).

(vii) Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute

of Company Secretaries of India (‘Secretarial

Standards’).

1.2. During the period under review, and also considering

the compliance related action taken by the Company

after 31st March 2020, but before the issue of this

report, we hereby report that, to the best of our:

letter.

1.

The Company’s management is responsible for

maintenance of secretarial records and compliance with

the relevant provisions of corporate and other applicable

laws, rules, regulations, guidelines and standards. Our

responsibility is to express an opinion on the secretarial

records produced for our audit.

2.

We have followed such audit practices and processes

as we considered appropriate to obtain reasonable

assurance about the correctness of the contents of the

secretarial records.

3.

We have verified the secretarial records furnished to us

on a test basis to see whether the correct facts are

reflected therein. We also examined the compliance

procedures followed by the Company on a test basis.

We believe that the processes and practices we followed

provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

4.

While forming an opinion on compliance and issuing this

report, we have:

(a) considered compliance related action taken by the

Company after 31st March 2020, but before the issue

of this report.

(b) considered compliance related actions taken by the

Company based on independent legal / professional

opinion / certification obtained as being in

compliance with law.

(c) taken an overall view, based on the compliance

procedures and practices followed by the Company.

(d) considered the Notifications / Circulars / Guidelines

issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs/ SEBI /

Depositories / Stock Exchanges, in respect of

relaxation of various compliance time-lines in

respect of the compliance events stated therein.

5.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness

of the financial statements (including attachments and

annexures thereto), financial records and books of

accounts of the Company.

6.

We have obtained and relied on the Management’s

representation about compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events, wherever required,

and where the relevant documents were not available

for verification.

7.

Our Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as

to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy

or effectiveness with which the management has

conducted the affairs of the Company.

For S Krishnamurthy & Co

Company Secretaries

K. SRIRAM

Partner

Membership No: F6312

Chennai

Certificate of Practice No: 2215

28th May 2020

UDIN: F006312B000290761:

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Mr. Sudarshan Venu, Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

letter of credit issued by a bank in India.

b)

A loan of $ 7.36 crores in IDR and $ 131.64 crores in USD obtained from another bank secured by subsidiary

inventories and trade account receivable.

c)

Working capital loan and cash credit of $ 1,934.36 crores obtained by a subsidiary company are secured by

hypothecation of receivables under the financing activity of the Company.

d)

Cash credit of $ 38.35 crores obtained by a subsidiary company are secured by hypothecation of receivables and

inventories of the Company, both present and future

22 TRADE PAYABLES

Dues to Micro and Small Enterprises **

121.49

79.24

Dues to enterprises other than Micro and Small Enterprises#

3,065.35

3,080.44

3,186.84

3,159.68

** Dues to Micro and Small Enterprises have been determined to the extent such parties have been identified on the

basis of information received by the management. The entire closing balance represents the principal amount payable

to these enterprises. There are no interests due or outstanding on the same.

#

Balances include balances due to related parties [Refer Note 39(c)(ii)].

23 OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES

Current Maturities of long term borrowings

2,347.62

1,135.08

Interest accrued but not due on loans

47.22

16.72

Interest accrued and due on loans#

0.72

0.81

Trade deposits received

67.34

75.27

Unclaimed dividends

4.87

4.74

(Not due for transfer to Investor Education and Protection Fund)

Payables against capital goods

23.59

56.33

Hedge liability

41.94

13.89

Collections in respect of de-recognised assets

–

3.56

Others

5.07

9.92

2,538.37

1,316.32

#

Subsidiary has made funds available with the bank which has been appropriated subsequently.

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF TVS MOTOR COMPANY LIMITED

24 OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES

Statutory dues

143.26

181.27

Employee related

102.58

132.10

Advance received from customers

136.67

64.49

Deferred income

–

7.61

Money held under trust

6.47

4.45

388.98

389.92:

Managing Director

Mr. Sudarshan Venu, Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

