Message from the Chairman -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 4

Board of Directors --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 6

Directors’ Report ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 7

Management Discussion & Analysis Report ---------------------------------------------------------- 82

Corporate Governance Report --------------------------------------------------------------------------- 93

Auditors’ Report ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------125

Balance Sheet -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------134

Statement of Profit & Loss --------------------------------------------------------------------------------135

Cash Flow Statement --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------136

Notes -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------140

Consolidated Financial Statements --------------------------------------------------------------------223

Details of Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures --------------------------------------------353

Notice ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------364

Investors’ Feedback ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------375:

Message from the Chairman: Dear Shareholders,

DLF continues to be at the forefront of changing the

urban landscape of India with world-class buildings,

a customer-centric approach and following the best

practices in areas like construction, environment,

compliance and corporate governance.

I am happy to inform you that in the financial year

gone by, your Company continued to set new

milestones and win accolades. The unfortunate

onset of COVID-19 along with the lockdown led

to a very challenging environment for the past few

months.

I am pleased to inform you that all associates

of your Company rose to meet the challenges

that this posed and worked tirelessly to ensure

wellbeing of all our residents and tenants.

We ensured that all critical infrastructure was

operational to ensure continuity of business for all

our stakeholders. While attending to the physical

aspects posed by the pandemic was paramount,

your Company also ensured that all commitments

to all stakeholders including Financial institutions

were met in a timely manner.

The pandemic affected everyone, especially the

vulnerable sections of society. Your Company

along with DLF Foundation leveraged its reach

with its presence in 14 states and 21 cities.

We partnered with the State Governments,

District Administrations, Police and several local

government departments to provide relief to

those affected. The measures included providing

cooked meals to the migrants, distribution of dry

ration to the stranded and needy. Medical supplies,

including diagnostic machines, hospital beds and

personal protective equipment were donated to

local authorities for Covid front liners. While the

Company is ensuring that it is coping well with the

challenges presented by COVID-19, we will need

to stay vigilant given the uncertain nature of the

pandemic’s future course.

The financial year 2019-20 was a challenging year for

the already ailing real estate sector because of liquidity

and the overall macro environment. COVID-19 has

further accentuated these challenges, but we have

adapted to the change. Today, your Company is agile,

lean and focused on delivering what we had committed.

The leadership team is steering our organization

through the crisis while ensuring minimal effect on our

growth plans.

Our business continued to exhibit resilience leading

to robust performance during the year gone by,

despite the challenges. The gross sales bookings

grew by 10% and stood at ` 3,450 crore for the full

year. The rental business continued to demonstrate

strong performance and remains steadfast on its

growth path with rental income exhibiting an increase

of more than 15% from the previous year. Your

Company, along with its subsidiaries, has successfully

developed an unparalleled, well-diversified portfolio

of rental assets spread across more than 2.97 million

square meter (32 million square feet) situated across

key locations. We have embarked on the journey

of further enhancing this portfolio with the latest

addition of Cyber Park in Gurugram and initiating

the development of 2 marquee destinations viz.

“Downtown” at Gurugram & Chennai.

Despite the challenges faced by the Industry in recent

times, I strongly believe that the inherent strength and

the fundamentals of the business remain unaltered.

Business during such uncertain times will witness

various challenges and opportunities, but I am

confident that the combination of our meticulous and

clearly laid out strategy, cost optimization initiatives,

organizational competency, the inherent strength of

the business coupled with a healthy balance sheet

will enable our Company to emerge stronger. We

shall continue pursuing these goals while adhering to

the highest standards of governance and compliance.

We will continue to invest in our long-term growth

strategy of creating new products across all segments

with an enhanced focus on optimizing our product mix

in line with the market demand. We continue to strive

towards creating products offering greater value

proposition to the customers thus eliciting renewed

demand across all segments.

Dr. K.P. Singh, who was instrumental in transforming

not only your Company, but the entire Real Estate

letter to

the Chairman of the Audit Committee.

The Whistle Blower Policy is posted on your Company’s

website at https://www.dlf.in/corporate-governance-policies/

DLFWBP.pdf.

Policy for Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal of

Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace

Your Company continues to follow a robust anti-sexual policy

on ‘Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal of Sexual

Harassment of Women at Workplace’ in accordance with The

Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention,

Prohibition & Redressal) Act, 2013 (“POSH”) and Rules

made thereunder. Internal Complaints Committee has been

set-up to redress complaints received regarding sexual

harassment at various workplaces in accordance with

POSH. The Committee constituted in compliance with POSH

ensures a free and fair enquiry process with clear timelines for

resolution. To build awareness in this area, the Company has

been conducting programmes on regular basis.

All employees including of subsidiaries (permanent,

contractual, temporary, trainees) are covered under this

Policy. The Policy is gender neutral.

During the financial year under review, no case was

reported. The Company continues to promote the cause

of women colleagues, through ‘Jagruti’, all-women’s forum

for experience sharing, creating awareness on women’s

safety/ related issues, celebrating important days dedicated

to women and organizing workshops on gender sensitivity.

Acknowledgements

Your Directors wish to place on record their sincere appreciation

to all the employees for their dedication and commitment. Their

hard work and unstinting efforts enabled the Company to

sustain its performance and consolidate its sectoral leadership.

Your Company continues to be respected by stakeholders,

including valuable customers. Your Directors would like

to express their sincere appreciation for assistance and

co-operation received from vendors and stakeholders,

including financial institutions, banks, Central and State

Government authorities, customers and other business

associates, who extended their valuable support during

the year under review. It will be the Company’s endeavour

to nurture these relationships in strengthening business

sustainability.

The Directors regret the loss of life due to COVID-19 pandemic

and are deeply grateful and have immense respect for every

person who risked their life and safety to fight this pandemic.

The Directors appreciate and value the contribution made

by every member of DLF family who remain dedicated to

the Company during this difficult time.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

(Mohit Gujral)

(Rajeev Talwar)

4 June 2020

New Delhi

CEO & Whole-time

Director

(DIN 00051538)

CEO & Whole-time

Director

(DIN 01440785):

letter,

debarment,

etc.

Observations/

remarks of

the Practicing

Company

Secretary, if

any.

Not Applicable

d) The listed entity has taken the following actions to comply with

the observations made in previous reports:

Sr.

No.

Observations

of the

Practicing

Company

Secretary in

the previous

reports

Observations

made in the

secretarial

compliance

report for the

year ended 31

March 2019.

Actions

taken

by the

listed

entity, if

any

Comments

of the

Practicing

Company

Secretary

on the

actions

taken by

the listed

entity

Not Applicable

I, further, report that the Company appointed statutory auditor

in its Annual General Meeting held on 29 September 2017

and there was no event of resignation of statutory auditor of

the Company during the review period and the Company has

modified the terms of appointment of its existing auditor. In this

regard, I report that the Company has complied with Para 6(A)

and 6(B) of Circular No. CIR/ CFD/ CMD1/ 114/ 2019 dated

18 October 2019.

Dr. K.R. Chandratre

Pune

FCS No. 1370, C.P. No. 5144

4 June 2020

UDIN: F001370B000319149:

letter of even date which is

annexed as Annexure - A and forms an integral part of this report.:

letter-

a) Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the

management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express

an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit;

b) We have followed the audit practices and processes as were

appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness

of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was

done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in

secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices

we followed, provide a reasonable basis for our opinion;

c) We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of

the financial statements of the Company;

d) Wherever required, we have obtained the management

representation about the compliances of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.;

e) The compliance of the provisions of the corporate and

other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the

responsibility of the management. Our examination was

limited to the verification of procedures on test basis;

f)

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as

to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the

affairs of the Company;

g) Some of the books and papers were verified through online

means due to the prevailing lockdown (COVID-19) and due

efforts have been made by the Company to make available

all the relevant documents and records and by the Auditors

to conduct and complete the audit in aforesaid lockdown

conditions.

For Sanjay Grover & Associates

(Company Secretaries)

Firm Registration No.: P2001DE052900

Kapil Dev Taneja

Partner

New Delhi

C.P. No. 22944, FCS No. F4019

2 June 2020

UDIN: F004019B000309830:

Managing Director, Whole-time Directors and/ or Manager

(` in lakhs)

S.

No.

Particulars of Remuneration

Name of: Managing

Managing Director/ Manager/ Whole-time Director

(` in lakhs)

S.

No.

Particulars of Remuneration

Name of the KMP

Total

Amount

Mr. Vivek Anand

(w.e.f. 08.11.2019)

Mr. Subhash Setia

Company Secretary

1.

Gross Salary

114.90

93.06

207.96

(a) Salary as per provisions contained in Section 17(1) of the Income-tax

Act, 1961

Nil

Nil

Nil

(b) Value of perquisites u/s 17(2) of the Income-tax Act, 1961

Nil

Nil

Nil

(c) Profits in lieu of salary under Section 17(3) of the Income-tax Act, 1961

Nil

Nil

Nil

2.

Stock Option

Nil

Nil

Nil

3.

Sweat Equity

Nil

Nil

Nil

4.

Commission

- As % of Profit

- Others

Nil

Nil

Nil

5.

Others - Provident Fund Contribution

2.74

5.27

8.01

Total (C)

117.64

98.33

215.97

VII. Penalties/ Punishment/ Compounding of Offences

There were no penalties/ punishment/ compounding of offences for breach of any Section of the Companies Act, 1956/ 2013 against

the Company or its Directors or other officers in default, if any, during the year.

(Mohit Gujral)

(Rajeev Talwar)

4 June 2020

CEO & Whole-time Director

CEO & Whole-time Director

New Delhi

(DIN 00051538)

(DIN 01440785):

Managing Director

2.

Mr. Mohit Gujral

61

B. Arch., C.E.P.T., Ahmedabad

34

1-Aug-2010

Chief Executive Officer & Whole-

time Director

161,313,669 Delanco Real Estate Private

Limited: Managing

Managing Director

Employees

27. Mr. Vivek Anand

50

B.Com, CA

26

8-Nov-2019

Group CFO

11,763,806 GlaxoSmithKline

Consumer

Healthcare

Chief Financial Officer,

Indian Subcontinent

28. Mr. Sanjay Kumar Labh

53

B.E. (CIVIL), MDBA (MKTG)

30

7-Jun-2018

Executive Vice President (Projects)

16,808,032 K. Raheja Construction

Vice President

29. Mr. Surojit Basak

64

B.Com., CA

40

1-Jun-2019

ED-Business Development-Special

Projects

13,817,677 DLF Home Developers Limited

ED-Business

Development

30. Mr. Amit Kaicker

44

Exe. MBA (MKTG & FIN.)

22

12-Aug-2019

Vice President-Sales

13,185,165 Housr Technologies

National Head - Sales

& BD

31. Mr. Prabhakaran

Ramakrishnan

57

B.E. (Electrical & Electronics),

MBA

39

7-Feb-2020

Sr. Executive Director-Projects

4,796,906 Lodha Group

Chief

Operations

Officer

32. Mr. Prashant Mewada

51

PGDCM (NICMAR), DCE

30

15-Oct-2019

Head Projects-Delhi & Noida (EVP)

5,964,112 Runwal Group

Director Operations

33. Mr. Karan Kumar

44

B.A. (HONS), PGD Business

Management

19

9-Dec-2019

Chief Marketing Officer

3,616,184 Fab India Overseas Private

Limited

Chief

Brand

&

Marketing Officer

NOTES:

1. Remuneration comprises salary, bonus, allowances, monetary value of perquisites at actual cost/as per Income-tax Rules (wherever applicable), commission, notice pay,

leave encashment, ex-gratia, Company’s contribution to provident and superannuation funds but exclude contribution to gratuity funds on the basis of actuarial valuation as

separate figures are not available. Bonus has taken on the basis of amount payable for the year.

2. Dr. K.P. Singh resigned as Whole-time Director on 30 July 2019. The appointment of Mr. Rajiv Singh, Vice-Chairman (S. No. A1), Mr. Mohit Gujral, Chief Executive

Officer and Whole-time Director (S. No. A2), Mr. Rajeev Talwar, Chief Executive Officer and Whole-time Director (S. No. A3), Mr. Ashok Kumar Tyagi, Whole-time Director

(S.No. A4) and Mr. Devinder Singh, Whole-time Director (S.No. A5) are contractual. The appointment of other employees are non-contractual and all other terms and

conditions of employment are governed by the Company’s policies and rules.

3. Dr. K.P. Singh, Chairman (S.No. B26) and Mr. Rajiv Singh, Vice Chairman (S.No.A1) are related inter-se, No other Director/ Whole-time Director and other employees

mentioned above is relative of any of the Directors of the Company.

4. There is no employee who was in receipt of remuneration in excess of that drawn by Whole-time Director and holds not less than two percent by himself or along with his

spouse and dependent children, falling under the provisions of Rule 5(2)(iii) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014.

(Mohit Gujral)

(Rajeev Talwar)

4 June 2020

CEO & Whole-time Director

CEO & Whole-time Director

New Delhi

(DIN 00051538)

(DIN 01440785):

letter of the law. In doing so, the

Company not only adopted practices mandated in the SEBI

Listing Regulations, but also incorporated the relevant

non-mandatory compliances, strengthening its position as

a responsible corporate citizen.

Governance Structure

The Company implemented a governance structure

with defined roles and responsibilities of every systemic

constituent. The Company’s shareholders appoint the

Board of Directors, who, in turn, govern the Company. The

Board has constituted various Committees to discharge

responsibilities in an effective manner. The Company

Secretary acts as the Secretary to all the Committees.

The Chairman provides strategic direction and guidance

to the Board. The Chief Executive Officer(s), Whole-time

Director(s) and a group of senior executives are individually

empowered for day-to-day operations with corresponding

roles and responsibilities assigned by the Board.

The Board

The Board of your Company represents an optimal mix of

professionalism, knowledge and experience, which enables

the Board to discharge responsibilities and provide effective

leadership for the achievement of a long-term vision and

achieve the highest governance standards. As on the date of

this report, the Board comprised 16 Directors - 5 Executive

Directors (31.25%) and 11 Non-executive Directors

(68.75%) including 9 Independent Directors (56.25%). The

composition of the Board of Directors is in conformity with

the SEBI Listing Regulations and the Companies Act, 2013.

Non-Independent Directors

Non-executive Directors

31.25%

56.25%

12.50%

During the financial year 2019-20, Dr. K.P. Singh resigned

from the office of Whole-time Director of the Company with

effect from the close of business hours on 30 July 2019.

Dr. K.P. Singh continued as a Non-executive Director

designated as Chairman. Subsequently, Dr. K.P. Singh

has resigned as Non-executive Director/ Chairman of

the Company on 4 June 2020. The Board has elevated

Mr. Rajiv Singh, Vice-Chairman as the Chairman of the

Company with immediate effect.

The Shareholders vide their special resolution dated 19 May

2020 approved re-appointment of Mr. Amarjit Singh Minocha,

as Independent Director for a second term of consecutive

five (5) years w.e.f. 20 May 2020 to 19 May 2025.

The Board critically evaluates the Company’s strategic

directions, management policies and their effectiveness.

The Board regularly reviews, inter-alia, the industry

environment,

annual

business

plans,

performance

compared with the plans, business opportunities including

investments/ divestment, related party transactions,

compliance processes including material legal issues,

strategy, risk management and the approval of financial

statements/ results. Senior executives are invited to

provide additional inputs at Board meetings for the items

discussed by the Board of Directors as and when required.:

Managing Director of DLF

Home Developers Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary.

His area of expertise includes technical operations,:

letter of

appointment, setting-out in detail the terms of their appointment,

duties, responsibilities and indicative time commitment.

The details of familiarisation programmes for Independent

Directors are posted on the website of the Company

and

can

be

accessed

at

https://www.dlf.in/pdf/

Familiarisation%20Programme.pdf

Resume of Directors proposed to be re-appointed

The brief resume of Directors proposed to be re-appointed

is a part of the Corporate Governance Report and other

information required in terms of Regulation 36(3) of the

SEBI Listing Regulations is appended in the notice for

convening the Annual General Meeting.

Committees of the Board

The Company has following Board Committees:

1. Audit Committee

2. Corporate Governance Committee

3. Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

4. Finance Committee

5. Nomination and Remuneration Committee

6. Risk Management Committee

7. Stakeholders Relationship Committee

8. Securities Issuance Committee (Till 29 July 2019)

The Board also constitutes specific committee(s) from time

to time, depending on emerging business needs. The terms

of reference of the Committees are periodically approved,

reviewed and modified by the Board. Meetings of each

Committee are convened by the Chairman of the respective

Committee. The Company Secretary prepares the agenda

notes in consultation with the respective Committee Chairman

and circulates the same in advance to all members. Each

member can suggest the inclusion of item(s) on the agenda

in consultation with the Chairman. Minutes of the Committee

meetings are approved by the Chairman of the respective

Committees and thereafter the same are noted by the Board.

The Company implements an effective post-meeting

follow-up, review and reporting process concerning

the decisions taken by the Committees. The significant

decisions are promptly communicated by the Company

Secretary to the concerned departments/ business units

Head(s). The action taken report on decisions of the

previous meeting(s) is placed at the immediate succeeding

meeting for review by the respective committee.

(i) Audit Committee

Composition, Meetings and Attendance

The Audit Committee comprises five Independent

Directors. All the members possess financial/ accounting

expertise/ exposure and/ or have held or hold senior

positions in other reputed organizations. Mr. Ved Kumar

Jain, an Independent Director, is the Chairman and was

present at the last Annual General Meeting.

The Committee’s composition and terms of reference

are in compliance with provisions of Section 177 of the

Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 18 of the SEBI

Listing Regulations.

During 2019-20, ten meetings of the Audit Committee

were held on 21 May, 10 June, 29 July, 1 & 27 August, 25

September, 7 November 2019, 24 January, 5 February and

27 March 2020, the attendance of which is as under. The

maximum interval between any two meetings was 78 days.

The requisite quorum was present in all meetings.:

letter

of comfort etc. within the limits specified by the Board;

4. Borrowing of monies by way of loan and/ or issuing

and allotting Bonds/ Notes denominated in one or

more foreign currency(ies) in international markets

and possible strategic investments within the limits

approved by the Board;

5. Approve opening and operation of investment

management accounts with foreign banks and appoint

them as agents, establishment of representative/ sales

offices in or outside India etc.;

6. Approve contributions to statutory or other entities,

funds established by Central/ State Government

for national importance, institutions, trusts, bodies

corporate and other entities etc.;

7. Empowering executives of the Company/ subsidiaries/

associate companies for acquisition of land including

bidding and tenders, sell/ dispose off or transfer any of:

Managing Director(s), Whole-time Director(s) and

other Directors, their relatives engaged in the

employment of the Company;

3. To recommend to the Board the remuneration, whether

by way of salary, perquisites, commission, retainership

fee, or otherwise, payable to Directors for discharging

the professional or other services otherwise than in the

capacity of Director;

4. To frame policies and compensation including salaries,

incentives, bonuses, promotion, benefits, stock options

and performance targets for executives of the Company;

5. Formulation of the criteria for determining qualifications,

positive attributes and independence of a Director

and recommend to the Board a policy, relating to

the remuneration of the Directors, key managerial

personnel and other employees;

The Committee, while formulating the policy, shall

ensure that:

a. the level and composition of remuneration is

reasonable and sufficient to attract, retain and

motivate Directors of the quality required to run the

Company successfully;

b. relationship of remuneration to performance

is clear and meets appropriate performance

benchmarks;

c.

remuneration to Directors, key managerial personnel

and senior management involves a balance between

fixed and incentive pay reflecting short and long-term

performance objectives appropriate to the working of

the Company and its goals.

6. Formulation of criteria for evaluation of performance of

Independent Directors and the Board;

7. Devising a policy on Board diversity; and

8. Identifying persons who are qualified to become Directors

and who may be appointed in senior management in

accordance with the criteria laid down and recommend

to the Board their appointment and removal.

Nomination and Remuneration Policy

The Nomination and Remuneration Policy was devised in

accordance with Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013

and the SEBI Listing Regulations. The Nomination and

Remuneration Policy of the Company is aimed at inculcating

a performance driven culture. Through its comprehensive

compensation programme, the Company endeavors to

attract, retain, develop and motivate a high performance

workforce. The said policy is available on the Company’s

website

viz.

https://www.dlf.in/pdf/Nomination%20

and%20Remuneration%20Policy.pdf.

The guiding principles for the Company’s remuneration

policies are, inter-alia, as follows:

•

The level and composition of remuneration is

competitive, reasonable and aligned to market practices:

letter and spirit and preserving

the confidentiality and preventing the misuse of any

unpublished price sensitive information. During FY

2019-20, the Board of Directors has revised the code

in line with the amended SEBI (Prohibition of Insider

Trading) Regulations, 2015.

h) Corporate Policy on Prevention, Prohibition and

Redressal of Sexual Harassment of Women at

Workplace

The Company prohibits any form of sexual harassment

and any such incidence is immediately investigated and

appropriate action taken in the matter against the offending

employee(s) based on the nature and the seriousness

of the offence. The Company has in place, a corporate

policy on Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal of

Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (the ‘Policy’)

and matters connected therewith or incidental thereto

covering all the aspects as contained under the ‘The

Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention,

Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013’ and Rules made

thereunder. Detailed mechanism has been laid down in

the Policy for reporting of cases of sexual harassment

to ‘Internal Complaints Committee’ comprising senior

officials of the Company and an independent member

from NGO, constituted under this Policy for conducting

of inquiry into such complaints, recommending suitable

action during the pendency and/ or completion of the

inquiry including strict disciplinary action, termination of

the services etc. Further, disclosures required in relation

to the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace

(Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 are as

follows:

Particulars

No.

Number of complaints filed during the

financial year

Nil

Number of complaints disposed of during the

financial year

Nil

Number of complaints pending as on end of

the financial year

Nil

Subsidiary Monitoring Framework

All subsidiaries of the Company are managed by their

respective Boards having rights and obligations to manage

such companies in the best interest of their stakeholders.

As a majority shareholder, the Company monitors and

reviews the performance of each company, inter-alia, by

the following means:

a) Financial Statements, in particular, the investments

made by the unlisted subsidiary companies, are

reviewed regularly by the Audit Committee;

b) Utilization of loans and/ or advances from/ investment

by the holding company in the subsidiary exceeding

₹ 100 crore or 10% of the asset size of the subsidiary,

whichever is lower including existing loans/ advances/

investments, are reviewed by the Audit Committee;:

letter of allotment (RLA) dated

9 February 2010 issued in favour of the Company for 350.715 acres of land. The Company has paid ` 99,969.26 lakhs to government

towards purchase of this land out of total consideration of ` 182,437.49 lakhs.

The Hon’ble Punjab & Haryana High Court, vide its ﬁnal order dated 3 September 2014, while upholding the acquisition of land

has however disapproved the allotment in favour of the Company. The Hon’ble High Court passed an order to keep the RLA dated

9 February 2010 issued in favour of the Company in abeyance and further directed the Haryana State Industrial and Infrastructure

Development Corporation (HSIIDC’) to initiate fresh allotment process for higher returns in respect of the land in question with an

option to State to revive the RLA in case no better bid is quoted by the public at large.

The Company has ﬁled a Special Leave Petition before the Hon’ble Supreme Court of India challenging the judgment dated

3 September 2014 passed by the Hon’ble Punjab & Haryana High Court. The Hon’ble Supreme Court of India issued notice to the

respondents and directed status quo to be maintained by the parties.

Based on the advice of the independent legal counsels, the management believes that there is a reasonably strong likelihood of

succeeding before the Hon’ble Supreme Court of India. Pending the ﬁnal decisions on the above matter, no adjustment has been

made in these standalone ﬁnancial statements.

e) DLF has filed a Special Leave Petition (SLP) against the order dated 2.12.2016 passed by the Hon’ble Punjab & Haryana

High Court in Writ Petition No.12210 of 2013 challenging the findings and directions passed by the Hon’ble High Court

requiring DLF to allocate additional land measuring 10.6 Acres for DLF Park Place complex. DLF has taken the ground:

letter of allotment (RLA) dated

9 February 2010 issued in favour of the Company for 350.715 acres of land. The Company has paid ` 99,969.26 lakhs to government

towards purchase of this land out of total consideration of ` 182,437.49 lakhs.

The Hon’ble Punjab & Haryana High Court vide its final order dated 3 September 2014, while upholding the acquisition of land

has however disapproved the allotment in favour of the Company. The Hon’ble High Court passed an order to keep the RLA dated

9 February 2010 issued in favour of the Company in abeyance and further directed the Haryana State Industrial and Infrastructure

Development Corporation (‘HSIIDC’) to initiate fresh allotment process for higher returns in respect of the land in question with an option

to State to revive the RLA in case no better bid is quoted by the public at large.

The Company has filed Special Leave Petition before the Hon’ble Supreme Court of India challenging the judgment dated 3 September

2014 passed by the Hon’ble Punjab & Haryana High Court. The Hon’ble Supreme Court of India issued notice to the Respondents and

directed status quo to be maintained by the parties.

Based on the advice of the independent legal counsels, the management believes that there is a reasonably strong likelihood of

succeeding before the Hon’ble Supreme Court of India. Pending the final decisions on the above matter, no adjustment has been made

in these consolidated financial statements.

49. SEGMENT INFORMATION

In line with the provisions of Ind AS 108 – operating segments and basis the review of operations being done by the board and the

management, the operations of the Group fall under colonization and real estate business, which is considered to be the only reportable

segment. The Group derives its major revenues from construction and development of real estate projects and its customers are widespread.

The Group is operating in India which is considered as a single geographical segment.:

letter/ power of attorney etc., authorizing their

representatives to attend/ participate in the AGM

through VC/ OAVM on their behalf and to vote through

remote e-voting. The said resolution/ authority: letter/

power of attorney etc. shall be sent to the Scrutinizer

by e-mail through their registered e-mail address at

dlfscrutinizer@gmail.com or dlfevoting@dlf.in

with a copy to evoting@nsdl.co.in.

8. The Company has fixed Wednesday, 16 September

2020 as the ‘Record Date’ for determining eligibility for

payment of dividend, if declared at the meeting.

9. The dividend, if declared at the meeting will be

paid, subject to deduction of tax at source on or

before Friday, 23 October 2020 to those members

or their mandates: (a) whose names appear as

beneficial owners at the end of the business hours

on Wednesday, 16 September 2020 in the list of

beneficial owners to be furnished by the depositories

(i.e. NSDL and CDSL) in respect of the shares held

in electronic form; and (b) whose names appear as

members in the Company’s Register of Members on

Wednesday, 16 September 2020 after giving effect to

valid transmission or transposition requests in physical

form lodged with the Company or its RTA on or before

Wednesday, 16 September 2020.

10. Pursuant to Finance Act, 2020, dividend income will be

taxable in the hands of shareholders w.e.f. 1 April 2020

and the Company is required to deduct tax at source

from dividend paid to shareholders at the prescribed

rates, for various categories. The shareholders

are requested to refer to the Finance Act, 2020 and

amendments thereof. The shareholders are requested

to update their PAN with the Company/ KFin (in case

of shares held in physical mode) and depositories (in

case of shares held in demat mode).

Resident individual shareholders who are not liable to

pay income tax can submit a yearly declaration in Form

No. 15G/ 15H along with a self-attested copy of their

PAN card, to avail the benefit of non-deduction of tax at

source by uploading the same on https://ris.kfintech.

com/form15/ by Wednesday, 16 September 2020

letter which

shall contain shareholder’s name, folio number, bank

details (Bank account number, Bank and Branch Name

and address, IFSC, MICR code); (ii) self-attested

copy of the PAN card; and (iii) cancelled cheque

leaf.

13. Members holding shares in physical form, in identical

order of names, in more than one folios are requested

to send to the Company or KFin, the details of

such folios together with the share certificates for

consolidating their holdings in one folio. A consolidated

share certificate will be issued to such members free of

cost after making requisite changes.

14. In case of joint holders, the Member whose name

appears as the first holder in the order of names as

per the Register of Members of the Company will be

entitled to vote at the AGM.

Members may avail the facility of nomination in respect

of shares held by them by submitting Form SH-13 to

the Depository Participants in case the shares held in

electronic form and to KFin in case of shares held in

physical form.

15. Electronic copy of all the documents referred to in

the Notice and the Explanatory Statement shall be

available for inspection. All shareholders will be able

to inspect all documents referred to in the Notice

electronically without any fee from the date of circulation

of this Notice up to the date of AGM. Members seeking

inspection of such documents can send an e-mail to

investor-relations@dlf.in.

16. The Register of Directors and Key Managerial

Personnel and their shareholding maintained under

Section 170 of the Act, the Register of Contracts or

Arrangements in which the Directors are interested,

maintained under Section 189 of the Act, and the

relevant documents referred to in the Notice will be

available electronically for inspection by the members

during the AGM.

17. (a) The Company has transferred the unpaid/ unclaimed

dividends declared up to the financial year 2011-12,

from time to time, to the Investor Education and

Protection Fund (IEPF) Authority established

by the Central Government. The Company

has uploaded the details of unpaid/ unclaimed

dividends lying with the Company as on 30 July

2019 (date of previous AGM) on the website of the

Company and the same can be accessed through

the

link:

“https://kosmic.kfintech.com/IEPF/

IEPFUnpaidQry.aspx?q=3Eo135ACGFU%3d”.

The said details have also been uploaded on the

website of the IEPF Authority and the same can be

accessed through the link: www.iepf.gov.in.

(b) Adhering to the various requirements set-out

in the Investor Education and Protection Fund

Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund)

Rules, 2016, as amended, the Company has,

during the financial year 2019-20, transferred to

the IEPF Authority, all shares in respect of which

dividend had remained unpaid/ unclaimed for:

letter mentioning

their Name, Folio No. and complete Address;

and (b) self-attested scanned copy of the PAN

Card and any other document (such as bank

statement, voter ID, Aadhaar card, passport)

in support of the address of the Member as

registered with the Company; by e-mail to

investor-relations@dlf.in.

2.

In case shares are held in demat mode,

members may obtain the login ID and password

by sending scanned copy of (a) a signed request: letter mentioning their name, DP ID-Client ID (16

digit DP ID + Client ID or 16 digit beneficiary

ID); (b) self-attested scanned copy of the client

master data or Consolidated Account Statement;

(c) self-attested scanned copy of the PAN Card;

by e-mail to investor-relations@dlf.in.

X. INSTRUCTIONS

FOR

MEMBERS

FOR

ATTENDING THE 55th AGM THROUGH VC/

OAVM ARE AS UNDER:

1.

Members will be able to attend the AGM

through VC/ OAVM facility through the

Open the e-mail and open the

attachment i.e. a .pdf file. The

password to open the .pdf file is

your 8 digits client ID of NSDL

account, last 8 digits of client ID for

CDSL account or folio number for

shares held in physical form. The

.pdf file contains your ‘User ID’ and

your ‘initial password’.

(b) If your e-mail ID is not registered,

please

follow

steps

mentioned

below at Sl. No. IX.

6.

If you are unable to retrieve or have not

received the “Initial password” or have

forgotten your password:

a)

Click on “Forgot User Details/ Password?”

(If you are holding shares in your demat

account with NSDL or CDSL) option

available on www.evoting.nsdl.com.

b)

“Physical User Reset Password?” (If you

are holding shares in physical mode)

option available on www.evoting.nsdl.

com.

c)

If you are still unable to get the

password by aforesaid two options, you

can send a request at evoting@nsdl.

co.in mentioning your demat account

number/ folio number, your PAN, your

name and your registered address.

d)

Members can also use the OTP (One

Time Password) based login for casting

the votes on e-Voting system of NSDL.

7.

After entering your password, tick on Agree

to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the

check box.

8.

Now, you will have to click on “Login” button.

9.

After you click on the “Login” button, Home

page of e-Voting will open.

Details on Step 2 are given below:

How to cast your vote electronically on NSDL

e-Voting system?

1.

After successful login at Step 1, you will

be able to see the Home page of e-Voting.

Click on e-Voting. Then, click on Active

Voting Cycles.

2.

After click on Active Voting Cycles, you will

be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in

which you are holding share(s) and whose

voting cycle is in active status.

Dear Shareholders,

In order to serve you better and for prompt communication, kindly help us by providing the following

information details:

A. Communication Registration

Name of the Member(s)

Folio No.

Registered address

DP ID/ Client ID

E-mail ID

B. Dividend Payout - Bank Account Details

Bank Name:

Branch Name & Address:

Account No.:

IFSC:

MICR Code:

C. Shareholders’ Satisfaction Feedback

(i) How do you rate the services provided by KFin Technologies Private Limited, the RTA

Parameters

5

4

3

2

1

Quality of Response

Speed of Response

Accessibility

(ii) Your Overall Assessment of Investors’ Services Standards at DLF Limited

Parameters

5

4

3

2

1

Quality of Service

Customer orientation of person contacted:

