letter dated 29th July, 2020 and 30th July, 2020 intimating that the 21st

Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on Friday, 28th August 2020 at

3:00 pm through Video Conferencing/ Other Audio Visual Means.

Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 34 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirement) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the Annual

Report of our Company along with the Notice of 21 st Annual General Meeting for the financial

year 2019-2020 (including e-voting and e-meeting instructions). The brief details of the agenda

items proposed to be transacted thereat are given in Annexure A.

Mahindra Lifespace Developers Ltd.

CIN : L4520DMH1999PLC118949

Mahindra Towers, 5th Floor, Dr. G. M. Bhosale Marg,

Worli, Mumbai 400 018, India

Tel.: +91 22 67478600 / 8601

www.mahindralifespaces.com

YEARS:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

7

Ratification of Remuneration to Cost Auditor

8

Amendment to the Employees Stock Option Scheme-2006 (ESOS

2006)

9

Extending the benefits of ESOS -2006 as amended to Employees

of Holding/ Subsidiary Companies

10

Amendment to the Employees Stock Option Scheme-2012 (ESOS

2012)

11

Extending the benefits of ESOS -2012 as amended to Employees

of Holding/ Subsidiary Companies

Mahindra Lifespace Developers Ltd.

CIN: L45200MH1999PLC118949

Mahindra Towers, 5th Floor, Dr. G. M. Bhosale Marg,

Worli, Mumbai 400 018, India

Tel.: +91 22 67478600 / 8601

www.mahindralifespaces.com

Ordinary I Special

Resolution

Ordinary

Ordinary

Ordinary

Ordinary

Ordinary

Special

Ordinary

Special

Special

Special

Special:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

Leadership Team

Ms. Sangeeta Prasad: Managing

Dear Shareholders

When written in Chinese the word Crisis is composed of two

characters – Danger and Opportunity. The COVID-19 pandemic

presents your Company with both, and we must work towards

capitalising on the opportunities while side-stepping the dangers.

Financial year 2019-20 was a year in which your Company

has invested in sharpening its strategy and building its

capabilities. When the three verticals of the Company’s business

work in unison, they complement each other very well. Your

Company has been a pioneer in the Integrated Cities & Industrial

Clusters business and has built a strong track record and a roster

of marquee corporate customers. The mid-premium residential

business can similarly build the Company’s brand among

retail consumers. And, along with that the nascent affordable

housing business, can rapidly build scale and relevance in

an under-served market. Over the past year, your Company

has

further

strengthened

its

management

team

and

focused on execution excellence. The Company has once

again delivered successful project launches in its residential

businesses. It continues to build on its track record of timely

completion. Technology investments made over the past

year across sales, customer management and construction

management will equip the Company to thrive in the unfolding

new low-contact business environment. The clients housed in

Mahindra World Cities have complimented the operating teams

on their meticulous planning and execution of safe working

protocols right through the ongoing lockdown.

Going forward, I am cautiously optimistic that end-user demand

for well-planned homes will accelerate and not abate. The gap

in home ownership in India remains very high. And the lockdown

experience has, for many customers, cemented the home-buying

decision they have been considering for some time. While there

is some uncertainty on jobs and incomes, our customers have

been planning their home purchase for several years. They

might defer the purchase by a few quarters to tide over the

near-term uncertainty, but they will not abandon the plans

altogether. When these customers do choose to buy their dream

home, I believe they will favour reputed and well-resourced

providers to defray any perceived risks. Fortunately, your

Company has limited exposure to luxury residential, commercial

office and retail real estate – asset classes that are likely to face

significant contraction in coming quarters.

The IC&IC business could offer a bright spot in the midst

of an otherwise gloomy macro-economic environment. The

geo-political shifts that were evident in the trade war between the

US and China have accelerated in recent months. This shift will

reshape global supply chains and India presents an attractive

alternative as a manufacturing and services base to Multinational

Companies from both developed markets as well as emerging

markets. To seize the moment, we will need a confluence of

favourable policies and methodical outreach. Our industrial

parks in Chennai, Jaipur and Ahmedabad are well positioned

to attract manufacturing investments. Their ready infrastructure

and services offer an accelerated start to new units.

Your Company has a strong balance sheet and cash

reserves. The Company has been prudent with its investments

and financial management over the years. As a part of the

Mahindra Group, your Company engenders trust from customers

and suppliers and exemplifies good governance. All of these will

stand your Company in good stead.

Finally, I would like to place on record my appreciation of Sangeeta

Prasad, your Company’s: Managing Director & CEO until 30th June

2020. Sangeeta joined Mahindra Lifespaces in 2008 and was

elevated as CEO of the Integrated Cities and Industrial Clusters

business in 2013. In 2018, she took over as Managing Director

& CEO of Mahindra Lifespace Developers Ltd. Sangeeta has,

over these years, always pursued the twin agenda of operational

performance and strategic vision. Sangeeta has been a driven

leader and a personal friend. I wish her well in her future

endeavours. In Arvind Subramanian, we have a capable leader

who will bring a new vision and energy for the business while

building on the strengths that Sangeeta will leave behind. He

is supported by a capable team that is committed to building a

valuable business.

Stay safe and stay healthy.

With my very best regards,

Arun Nanda

Managing Director & Chief

Executive Officer

To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following

resolution as a Special Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections

2(54), 2(78), 196, 197, 198, 203 and all other applicable

provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) read

with Schedule V to the Act and Companies (Appointment

and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014,

(including any statutory modification or re-enactment

thereof for the time being in force) and Articles of

Association of the Company and subject to such approvals

and sanctions, as may be required, and subject to such

conditions and modifications, as may be prescribed

or imposed by any of the Authorities in granting such

approvals and sanctions, approval of the Company be and

is hereby accorded to the appointment and remuneration of

Mr. Arvind Subramanian (DIN: 02551935), as the: Managing

letter

providing the email address, mobile number,

self-attested PAN copy and copy of share

certificate for registering their email address

and receiving the Annual report, AGM Notice

and the e-voting instructions.

ii.

The Company has also made special arrangements

with KFin for registration of email addresses of the

Members in terms of the MCA Circulars, to facilitate

Members to receive this Notice electronically and

cast their vote electronically. Eligible Members

who have not submitted their email address to the

Company or KFin are required to provide their email

address to KFin, on or before 5:00 p.m. (IST) on

Friday 21st August, 2020.

The process for registration of email address with

KFin for receiving the Notice of e-AGM and login ID

and password for e-voting is as under:

a.

Visit the link: https://ris.kfintech.com/email_

registration/

b.

Select the Company name viz. Mahindra

Lifespace Developers Limited.

c.

Enter the DP ID & Client ID/Physical Folio

Number and PAN details. In the event the

PAN details are not available on record for

Physical Folio, Member shall enter one of the

Share Certificate numbers.

d.

Upload a self-attested copy of the PAN card

for authentication. If PAN details are not

available in the system, the system will prompt

the Member to upload a self-attested copy of

the PAN card for updation.

e.

Enter your email address and mobile number.

f.

The system will then confirm the email address

for receiving this AGM Notice.

The Members may also visit the website of the

Company at link https://www.mahindralifespaces.

com/investors/annual-reports/fy-20-21 and click on

the “email registration” and follow the registration

process as guided thereafter.

Please note that in case of shareholding in

dematerialised form, the updation of email address

will be temporary only upto e-AGM.

After successful submission of the email address,

KFin will email a copy of this e-AGM Notice along

with the e-voting user ID and password. In case of

any queries, Members are requested to write to KFin

at einward.ris@kfintech.com.

iii.

Those members who have registered their e-mail

address, mobile nos., postal address and bank

account details are requested to validate/update

their registered details by contacting the Depository

Participant in case of shares held in electronic form

or by contacting KFin, in case of shares held in

physical form.:

letter of appointment for Independent Director setting

out the terms and conditions will be available for inspection

by the members on the website of the Company at the link

https://www.mahindralifespaces.com/media/investor/codes-

and-policies/Terms%20and%20Conditions%20for%20

Appointment%20of%20Independent%20Directors.pdf

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board of

the Directors of the Company, at their respective meetings held

on 14th May, 2020, have approved her appointment in the interest

of the Company as a Non-Executive Independent Director and

has recommended passing of Resolutions at Item No. 4 as an

Ordinary Resolution.

Brief resume of Ms. Amrita Chowdhury, nature of her expertise in

specific functional areas, names of companies in which she holds

directorships and memberships / chairmanships of Committees

of the Board and her shareholding, etc. as stipulated under

Regulation 36(3) of SEBI LODR and revised SS-2 on General

Meetings, are provided in the Corporate Governance Report

forming part of the Annual Report. Ms. Amrita Chowdhury does

not hold any Equity Share in the Company.

None of the Directors are inter-se related to each other.

Except Ms. Amrita Chowdhury and her relatives, none of the

Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and

their respective relatives are, in any way, financially or otherwise,

deemed to be concerned or interested in this item of business.

Item No. 5 & 6:

The Board of Directors at its meeting held on 14th May, 2020

had appointed Mr. Arvind Subramanian as an Additional Director

of the Company w.e.f. 1st July, 2020. Mr. Arvind Subramanian

holds office upto the date of this AGM in terms of Section 161 of

the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and in respect of whom the

Company has received a Notice in writing from a member under

Section 160 of the Act proposing his candidature for the office of

Director of the Company.

Mr. Arvind Subramanian is not disqualified from being appointed

as a Director by virtue of the provisions of Section 164 of the

Act and he is not debarred from accessing the capital market

and / or restrained from holding the position of director in any

listed company by virtue of any order of SEBI or any other such

authority.

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board

of Directors of the Company at their respective meetings held

on 14th May, 2020, have also approved his appointment as a

Director in the interest of the Company and has recommended

passing of Resolution at Item No. 5 as an Ordinary Resolution.

Further, the Board of Directors in the meeting held on 14th May,

2020, on recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration

Committee, had subject to requisite approvals, appointed

Mr. Arvind Subramanian as the “: Managing

Managing Director & CEO containing the

terms as given in the explanatory statement is available for

inspection by the Members on the website of the Company at

the link https://www.mahindralifespaces.com/investors/stock-

exchange-filings/other-filing-information

The other terms of remuneration payable to Mr. Arvind Subramanian,: Managing

Managing Director”

under the Act designated as: Managing

Letter of Grant.

The Options vested in the Eligible Employee

shall be exercised by him/her within such

period as may be determined by the

Nomination and Remuneration Committee

while recommending the grant of Options;

provided that such period shall not exceed

five (5) years from the respective date of

vesting of Options.

An Eligible Employee wishing to exercise

the Options vested in him / her shall submit

an application in the specified format to the

Company / Trust / Entity along with a cheque/

demand draft for the Exercise Price being the

number of Options exercised multiplied by the

Exercise Price per Equity Share as indicated

in the: Letter of Grant. Such cheque/demand

draft should be drawn on any bank payable

at Mumbai and shall be drawn in favour of the

Company / Trust / other entity, as the case

may be

8

The appraisal process for

determining the eligibility of

employees under the Scheme:

The criteria for eligibility of the employees for

the grant of Options will be decided by the

NRC based on number of years, service and

/ or grade and / or performance and such

other parameters as may be decided by the

NRC, in its sole discretion, from time to time.

The NRC may review the criteria, from time

to time, with the needs of the business and

remuneration policies.

The criteria for eligibility of the Eligible

Employees for the Grant of Options - 2012

will be decided by the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee based on criteria

such as minimum length of service, the grade

of Employee, performance record, merit

of the Employee, etc. The Nomination and

Remuneration Committee may review and

revise the criteria for eligibility as aforesaid in

keeping with the needs of the business and

remuneration policies. The Nomination and

Remuneration Committee in deserving cases

may make an exception to such criteria and

allocate Options – 2012 to Employee.

9

Maximum number of options to

be issued per employee and in

aggregate:

The maximum number of Options to be

granted per employee in one or more

tranches shall not exceed 4,00,000 [Four

Lakh] equity shares of the Company and the

aggregate of Options granted under ESOS –

2006 from time to time to Employees shall

not exceed 12,00,000, on the date(s) of

grant of option(s) as may be approved by the

Nomination & Remuneration Committee from

time to time.

The maximum number of Options to be

granted per employee in one or more tranches

shall not exceed 1,00,000 [One Lakh ] equity

shares of the Company and the aggregate of

Options granted under ESOS – 2012 from

time to time to Employees shall not exceed

8,17,610 on the date(s) of grant of option(s)

as may be approved by the Nomination &

Remuneration Committee from time to time.

10

Maximum quantum of benefits

to be provided per employee

under the Scheme

In both the schemes, maximum quantum of benefits underlying the options issued to an

Employee shall be equal to difference between the option Exercise Price and the Market

Price of the shares on the exercise date.

Managing Director & CEO,

Ms. Sangeeta Prasad. Mr. Arun Nanda is the Chairman of the

Committee. During the year, Mr. Shailesh Haribhakti ceased to

be a member of the Committee consequent to his resignation

as an Independent Director of the Company effective from the

conclusion of the 20th Annual General Meeting held on 26th July,

2019. The Board at its meeting held on 12th September, 2019

appointed Ms. Amrita Chowdhury, Non-Executive Independent

Director as a member of the Committee effective 12th September,

2019. The role of the Committee is to recommend expenditure

to be incurred on CSR activities, to monitor the Company’s CSR

policy, from time to time, and to institute a transparent monitoring

mechanism for the CSR projects or programs or activities

undertaken by the Company.

The Company’s CSR Policy lays out the vision, objectives

and

implementation

mechanism.

The

Company’s

CSR

policy is available on the Company’s web link at https://www.

mahindralifespaces.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/07/Mahndra-

Real-Estate-Sector-CSR-Policy.pdf

The Company’s CSR activities have traditionally focused on

education, skill development, health, environment and promoting

sustainable practices.

The objective of the CSR policy is to:

●

Promote a unified approach to CSR to incorporate

under one umbrella the diverse range of the Company’s

philanthropic activities, thus enabling maximum impact of

the CSR initiatives;

●

Ensure an increased commitment at all levels in the

organisation, to operate in an economically, socially and

environmentally responsible manner while recognising the

interests of all its stakeholders;

●

Encourage employees to participate actively in the

Company’s CSR and give back to the society in an

organised manner through the employee volunteering

programme called Employee Social Options.

The Company’s commitment to CSR will be manifested by

investing resources in any of the areas stipulated in Schedule VII

to the Companies Act, 2013. The Company gives preference to

the local area and area around it where it operates for spending

the amounts earmarked for CSR activities.

The Company had committed CSR expenditure of ` 124.85 Lakh

for the financial year 2019-20 which has been fully spent during

the year.

The annual report on the CSR activities is at Annexure 2 to this

Report.

DIRECTORS

Pursuant to Section 152 of the Companies Act, 2013 and

Article 116 of the Articles of Association of the Company,

Dr.

Anish

Shah

(DIN:

02719429),

Non-Executive

Non-Independent Director retires by rotation at the 21st Annual

General Meeting of the Company and being eligible has offered

himself for re-appointment. The Board has recommended his

reappointment at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting as

Non-Executive Non-Independent Director of the Company, liable

to retire by rotation.

During the year, Mr. Shailesh Haribhakti resigned as an

Independent Director of the Company effective from the

conclusion of the 20th Annual General Meeting held on

26th July, 2019. In his resignation, he has stated that the reason

for resigning is increase in his professional work, leaving less

time for him to continue on the Board. He has also confirmed that

there is no other material reason other than what is stated in his

resignation. The Board places on record its deep appreciation for

the valuable services rendered by Mr. Shailesh Haribhakti during

his tenure as a Director of the Company. Mr. Haribhakti was on

the board of the Company for around 16 years.

The Board of Directors, subject to approval of the Shareholders,

vide Circular Resolution dated 9th August, 2019 appointed

Ms. Amrita Chowdhury as an Additional Director of the Company

in the category of Non-Executive Independent Director for

a term of five consecutive year effective 13th August, 2019.

Pursuant to Section 161 of the Act and Article 128 of the Articles

of Association of the Company, Ms. Chowdhury holds office

upto the date of forthcoming Annual General Meeting. The

Company has received a notice as per the provisions of Section

160(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 from a Member in writing

proposing her candidature for the office of Director. The Board

has recommended her appointment at the forthcoming Annual

General Meeting as an Independent Director of the Company,

not liable to retire by rotation, to hold office for a term of 5 (five)

consecutive years commencing from 13th August, 2019.

Ms. Sangeeta Prasad had submitted her resignation on

7th February, 2020 from the position of the: Managing

Managing Director” designated as the

“: Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer” (MD & CEO)

with effect from 1st July, 2020 for a period of 5 years . Pursuant

to Section 161 of the Act and Article 128 of the Articles of

Association of the Company, Mr. Subramanian will hold office

of the Additional Director upto the date of forthcoming Annual

General Meeting. The Company has received a notice as per

the provisions of Section 160(1) of the Companies Act, 2013

from a Member in writing proposing his candidature for the office

of Director. The Board has recommended to the shareholders

his appointment and remuneration as the Managing Director

designated as the Managing Director & CEO for a period of five

years effective from 1st July, 2020.

Brief resume and other details of Dr. Anish Shah, Ms. Amrita

Chowdhury and Mr. Arvind Subramanian, in terms of Regulation

36(3) of SEBI LODR and Secretarial Standards on General

Meeting, are provided in the Corporate Governance Report

forming part of the Annual Report. None of the Directors of

the Company are inter-se related to each other. All the above

mentioned three Directors are not disqualified from being

re-appointed / appointed as Directors by virtue of the provisions

of Section 164 of the Companies Act, 2013.

The performance evaluation of Non-Independent Directors and

the Board as a whole, Committees thereof and

Managing Director, Chief Executive Officer, Chief

Financial Officer, the Internal Auditors and Statutory Auditors

are regularly invited to attend the Audit Committee Meetings.

The Company Secretary is the Secretary to the Committee. The

Internal Auditor reports to the Chairman of the Audit Committee.

The significant audit observations and corrective actions as may

be required and taken by the management are presented to the

Audit Committee. The Board has accepted all recommendations

made by the Audit Committee from time to time.

VIGIL MECHANISM / WHISTLE BLOWER MECHANISM

The Company has established a vigil mechanism by adopting

a Whistle Blower Policy for stakeholders including directors

and employees of the Company and their representative

bodies to report genuine concerns in the prescribed manner

to freely communicate their concerns / grievances about illegal

or unethical practices in the Company, actual or suspected,

fraud or violation of the Company’s Code or Policies. The vigil

mechanism is overseen by the Audit Committee and provides

adequate safeguards against victimisation of stakeholders who

use such mechanism. It provides a mechanism for stakeholders

to approach the Chairman of Audit Committee or Chairman of

the Company or the Corporate Governance Cell consisting of

Chief Legal Officer & Company Secretary, Chief Financial Officer

and Chief Ethics Officer (Chief People Officer). During the year,

no person was denied access to the Chairman of the Audit

Committee or to the Chairman of the Company or to the Corporate

Governance Cell. The Whistle Blower Policy of the Company is

available at web link https://www.mahindralifespaces.com/media/

investor/codes-and-policies/Whistle%20Blower%20Policy.pdf

RISK MANAGEMENT

The Company has in place a process to inform the Board

about the risk assessment and minimisation procedures.

It has an appropriate risk management system in place for

identification and assessment of risks, measures to mitigate

them, and mechanisms for their proper and timely monitoring

and reporting. Presently, Regulation 21 of the SEBI LODR

with respect to Risk Management Committee is not applicable

to your Company. However, the Board has constituted Risk

Management Committee for monitoring and reviewing of the risk

assessment, mitigation and risk management plan from time

to time. As on 31st March, 2020, the Committee comprises of: Managing

Managing Director & CEO)

DIN : 00010029

DIN : 02791944

Mumbai, 14th May, 2020

Mumbai, 14th May, 2020:

Managing Director based on the business need and the suitability of the candidate.

During the year, no changes were made to the Policy.

B.

SALIENT FEATURES OF POLICY FOR REMUNERATION OF THE DIRECTORS

1.

Remuneration to Non- Executive Directors including Independent Directors

●

NRC shall decide the basis for determining the compensation to Non- Executive directors, whether as commission or

otherwise and submit its recommendations to the Board. The Board shall determine the compensation to Non-Executive

Directors within the overall limits specified in the Shareholders resolution;

●

In addition to the above, the Directors are entitled for sitting fees for attending Board / Committee meetings, reimbursement

of expenses incurred in discharge of their duties, stock options (other than Independent Directors).

●

A Non-Executive Non-Independent Director who receives remuneration from the holding company or any other group

company is not paid any sitting fees or any remuneration.

2.

Remuneration to: Managing

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer” (MD & CEO) who is also a key managerial personnel

under the Companies Act, 2013, for a period of 5 years with effect from 1st October, 2018 to 30th September, 2023 (both days

inclusive).

Subsequently, Ms. Sangeeta Prasad has on 7th February, 2020 tendered her resignation from the position of: Managing

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

304.31

10

26.16

Mr. Suhas Kulkarni

Chief Legal Officer & Company Secretary

118.68

0

NA

Mr. Vimal Agarwal $

Chief Financial Officer

100.84

NA

NA

* Mr. Shailesh Haribhakti has resigned as Independent Director w.e.f. 26th July, 2019.

# Ms. Amrita Chowdhury was appointed as an Additional Director in the category of Independent Director by the Board with effect from

13th August, 2019.

$ Mr. Vimal Agarwal was appointed as the Chief Financial Officer effective 26th July, 2019.

@ For above purpose, sitting fees and reimbursement of out of pocket expenses incurred in attending the meetings of the Board and

Committees and meetings of Independent Directors have not been considered as remuneration. In respect of Non-Executive Chairman

and Independent Directors, only the remuneration paid by way of commission is considered. For FY2019-20, in view of the loss, no

commission was paid to Non-Executive Director and Independent Directors.

2.

The Percentage increase in the median remuneration of employees in the financial year 2019-20: The percentage increase in

the median remuneration of the employees in the financial year 2019-20 was (2.00) percent. The percentage increase

in median remuneration of employees is calculated by including all the employees of the Company who were paid

remuneration during financial year 2019-20.

3.

The Number of permanent Employees on the rolls of the Company is 352 as on 31st March, 2020.

4.

Average percentile increase already made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel in the last financial

year and its comparison with the percentile increase in the managerial remuneration and justification thereof and exceptional

circumstances for increase in the managerial remuneration, if any: The average percentage increase made in the salaries

of total eligible employees other than the Key Managerial Personnel for FY 2019-20 is 14 percent, while the average

increase in the remuneration of the Key Managerial Personnel is 5 percent. This increment is in line with the factors

more particularly described in the Policy for Remuneration of the Directors and the Policy on remuneration of Key

Managerial Personnel and Employees.

5.

Affirmation that the remuneration is as per the remuneration policy of the Company: Yes

For and on behalf of the Board

Arun Nanda

Chairman

DIN: 00010029

Place : Mumbai

Date : 14th May, 2020

ANNEXURE 6:

Managing Director & CEO,

Mr. Arvind Subramanian, Chief Operating Officer & CEO-

Happinest, Mr. Vimal Agarwal, Chief Financial Officer and Mr.

Suhas Kulkarni, Chief Legal Officer & Company Secretary to

review the risk management plan and oversee the complete

process. The Board also periodically reviews risk assessment

and minimization procedures.

Box 5: Covid-19 — Risks, their Mitigation and Opportunities

The Covid-19 pandemic is causing unprecedented upheaval

to economies and business, exposing them to uncertainties

which make it difficult to assess the extent of eventual impact

or the timeline for normalcy. However, what is clear is that

the risks that businesses face are wide ranging, affecting all

aspects ranging from day-to-day operations to longer term

planning and strategy.

Mahindra Lifespaces has formed a cross-functional Rapid

Action Force which is responsible for constantly monitoring the

situation, suggesting swift and effective actions. It has taken

a two-pronged approach to mitigate the risks associated with

the crisis.

First, to ensure business continuity under lockdown and

readiness to ramp-up operations as restrictions are gradually

lifted. This includes using best-in-class technology and digital

solutions to interact within the organisation and aligning

business processes such as prospect reach out, showcasing

product and effecting sales and servicing remotely using

technology. It has also developed and circulated ‘Back to Office’

guidelines that covers aspects like behaviour at workplace,

maintaining hygiene and safe practices, usage of masks,

cafeterias and other common facilities as well as guidelines

in case of sickness and health emergency. At project sites,

workmen have been supported with essential supplies and

educated on social distancing, hygiene and use of masks.

Besides, comprehensive protocols have been put in place to

ensure safety of workmen as construction activity resumes.

Second, to prepare for longer term changes in behaviour and

expectations of customers through reimagining product design.

For instance, touch-free mechanisms and well ventilated

common areas, work-from-home spaces in residential units,

local provisioning of essential supplies will feature more

prominently in customer needs in a post-Covid world. The

Company also believes that its focus on innovative solutions,

sustainability and green features holds it in good stead in

effecting some of these changes.

Economic Risks

Both global output growth and India’s GDP growth decelerated

significantly during the year. With the Covid crisis, the global

economy is projected to contract by (-) 3 per cent assuming the

pandemic fades in the second half of 2020. India is expected

to do relatively better but will be lucky to avoid a contraction in

GDP. These can have a direct impact on the performance of the

real estate sector and, hence, of the Company.

The fiscal stimulus and policy measures announced by the

Government and RBI are expected to enhance liquidity and

ease the pressures faced by the industry. Mahindra Lifespaces

is also taking measures to mitigate these risks (See Box 5).

Its focus on both residential and industrial sectors has been a

significant source of comfort during periods of slow economic

performance. It will benefit from demand for industrial land if

global corporations move facilities to diversify their geographic

risks. Similarly, the affordable housing segment has enhanced

its capabilities to deploy innovative technologies and mitigated

risks associated with poor outlook in the luxury housing segment.

Prudent financial management has also kept the Company

relatively insulated from economic downturns.

Operational Risks

Key operational risks include: (i) inability to sell the project as

per plan, (ii) inability to complete and deliver projects according

to the schedule leading to additional cost of construction and

maintenance, (iii) erosion of brand value, (iv) difficulties in the

appointment and retention of quality contractors and manpower,

(v) inability to attract and retain talent, (vi) poor customer

satisfaction, (vii) fraud and unethical practices, (viii) failure to

comply with laws and regulations leading to fines, (ix) penalties,

and (x) lengthy litigations. Some of these risks have become

more pertinent due to the Covid crisis.

The Company addresses these risks through a well-structured

framework which identifies desired controls and assigns

ownership to monitor and mitigate the risks. It has invested

significant resources in transparent customer friendly processes

and an enabling IT infrastructure, which are expected to

effectively mitigate some of these risks. It also has a Code

of Conduct for all its associates. The Company’s corporate

governance policies ensure transparency in operations, timely

disclosures and adherence to regulatory compliances.

Policy and Regulatory Risks

The real estate industry is often affected by changes in

government policies and regulations. There are considerable

procedural delays with respect to approvals related to acquisition

and use of land. Unfavourable changes in the government

policies and the regulatory environment may adversely impact

the performance of the Company.

The Company attempts to mitigate these risks through its

approach towards acquisition of land based on thorough

due diligence and its transparent processes in developing

the projects. Besides, its focus on environment friendly and

sustainable practices also help in mitigating risks associated with

environmental regulations.:

letter and in spirit, has adopted practices

mandated by the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and Securities

and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI LODR”) and has

established procedures and systems to remain compliant with

it. This report provides the Company’s compliance with these

provisions as on 31st March, 2020.

1.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Mr. Arun Nanda is the Non-Executive Chairman and

Ms. Sangeeta Prasad is the: Managing Director and Chief

Executive Officer (MD & CEO) of the Company. The

remaining Non-Executive Directors comprises of three

Independent Directors including a Woman Director; and

one Non-Independent Director. As on 31st March, 2020,

the Directors collectively have the desired diversity and

optimal mix of knowledge and expertise from diverse

fields, possess the requisite qualifications and experience

which enables them to discharge their responsibilities,

provide effective leadership to the business and enhance

the quality of the Board’s decision making process.

Mr. Shailesh Haribhakti resigned as an Independent

Director of the Company with effect from the conclusion of

the 20th Annual General Meeting held on 26th July, 2019. In

his resignation, he has stated that the reason for resigning

is due to increase in his professional work, leaving less time

for him to continue on the Board. He has also confirmed

that there is no other material reason other than as stated

in his resignation.

The Board has effective 13th August, 2019, appointed

Ms. Amrita Chowdhury, as an Additional Director in the

category of Independent Director of the Company.

The MD & CEO is an executive of the Company and draws

remuneration from the Company. The Non-Executive

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer (MD & CEO)

with effect from 1st July, 2020. Ms. Sangeeta Prasad and

Mr. Arvind Subramanian have been working together to

ensure a smooth transition.

a)

Composition, Status, Attendance at Board

Meetings and at the last Annual General Meeting

As on 31st March, 2020, the Company’s Board

comprised of six members. The Chairman of the

Board is a Non-Executive Non-Independent Director.

The: Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer is

an Executive of the Company. One member of the

Board is a Non-Executive Non-Independent Director

and other remaining three members are Independent

Directors. The names and categories of Directors,

their attendance at Board Meetings held during the

year and at the last Annual General Meeting are

given below:

Name of

Directors

DIN

Category

Number of

Board Meetings

held and

attended during

the respective

tenure of

Directors in FY

2019-20

Attendance

at the last

AGM

Held

Attended

Mr. Arun

Nanda,

Managing Director & CEO

Mahindra EPC Irrigation Limited

Non-Executive

Non-Independent Director

c)

Number of Board Meetings

Nine Board meetings were held during the year, on

the following dates: 15th April, 2019, 22nd April, 2019;

12th June, 2019, 26th July, 2019; 12th September,

2019, 21st October, 2019; 13th December, 2019, 27th

January, 2020 and 7th February, 2020. The maximum

gap between any two meetings did not exceed one

hundred and twenty days.

d)

Meeting of Independent Directors

The Independent Directors of the Company meet

without the presence of the Chairman, Managing

Director / Chief Executive Officer, other Non-

Independent Director, Chief Financial Officer,

Company Secretary and any other Management

Personnel. This Meeting is conducted to enable

the Independent Directors to, inter-alia, discuss

matters pertaining to review of performance of

Non-Independent Directors and the Board as a

whole, review the performance of the Chairman of

the Company (taking into account the views of the

Executive and Non-Executive Directors), assess the

quality, quantity and timeliness of flow of information

between the Company Management and the Board,

that is necessary for the Board to effectively and

reasonably perform its duties.

As a part of social distancing measures adopted

by the Company in the current pandemic situation

and considering restrictions on travel, one Meeting

of Independent Directors was held on 20th March,

2020 through Video conferencing. The said meeting

was attended by all Independent Directors of the

Company.

e)

Board Procedure

A detailed agenda is sent to each Director in

advance of the meetings of Board and Committees.

A soft copy of the agenda is sent by e-mail and /

or uploaded on the Board App Portal to facilitate

digital access. To enable the Board to discharge its

responsibility effectively, the: Managing

Managing Director & Chief Executive

Officer” (MD & CEO) of the Company with effect from

1st July, 2020. Pursuant to Section 161 of the Act and

Article 128 of the Articles of Association of the Company,

Mr. Subramanian will hold office upto the date of

forthcoming Annual General Meeting. Further, in terms

of Section 152 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the

Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors)

Rules, 2014, the Board has, basis the recommendation of

the Nomination & Remuneration Committee, at its meeting

held on 14th May, 2020 approved and recommended to the

Shareholders, the appointment of Mr. Subramanian as a

Director of the Company and also the appointment of Mr.

Subramanian as the: Managing

Managing Director at Boston Consulting Group

(BCG). At BCG, he was the global topic leader for the ‘Next

Billion Consumers’, picked by Financial Times as one of

The Fifty Ideas That Shaped Business Today. He was

also tasked with setting up and leading BCG’s Centre for

Customer Insight. Mr. Subramanian led the Technology

Media and Telecom practice at BCG in India for several

years. He has been a frequent speaker at industry events

and conferences, has authored several op-eds, articles

and reports on ‘Digital India’, the ‘Next Billion Consumers’

and ‘Future of Real Estate’.

Mr. Subramanian started his professional career with the

Tata Administrative Service, the central management cadre

of the Tata Group. He was Regional CEO at a leading real

estate developer prior to joining the Mahindra Group. He

holds an MBA from the Indian Institute of Management,

Ahmedabad and a B.Tech. from the Indian Institute of

Technology, Madras.

Mr. Subramanian does not hold any shares in the

Company. As on 31st March, 2020, he holds Directorship

and Committee position in the following company:

Name of Company Designation

Name of Committee Position held

Mahindra Happinest

Developers Limited

Non- Executive Non-

Independent Director

Allotment Committee Member

3.

FAMILIARISATION OF INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS

The details of familiarisation program for Independent

Directors have been uploaded on website of the

Company and is available at the link https://www.

mahindralifespaces.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/

Details_of_Familirisation-FY2019-20.pdf:

Managing Director & Chief

Executive Officer to this effect is annexed to this report.

In accordance with the requirement of SEBI LODR,

the Company has formulated and adopted policy for

determining material subsidiaries and policy on materiality

of and dealing with related party transactions. These

policies have been amended, from time to time, in

alignment with the amendments to SEBI LODR. These

policies are posted on the Company’s website at: https://

www.mahindralifespaces.com/investors/codes-and-

policies

6.

CEO AND CFO CERTIFICATION

As required under Regulation 17(8) read with Part B

of Schedule II of SEBI LODR, the: Managing

Managing Director and Chief

Executive Officer

NA

NA

290.45

13.86

304.31

*

Mr. Shailesh Haribhakti has resigned as an Independent Director w.e.f. 26th July, 2019.

** Ms. Amrita Chowdhury was appointed as an Additional Director in the category of Independent Director by the Board with effect from

13th August, 2019.

Notes:

a.

Non-Executive Non-Independent Chairman

and Non-Executive Independent Directors

were paid sitting fees for attending meetings

of Board, various committees and meeting of

Independent Directors as under:

Meeting

Sitting Fees per

meeting (in `)

Board

100,000

Independent Directors Meeting

100,000

Share Transfer & Allotment

Committee

5,000

Corporate Social Responsibility

(CSR) Committee

Nil

All other Committees

30,000

The: Managing Director & CEO and Non-

Executive Non- Independent Director (not

being the

Managing Director & CEO, Chief Operating

Officer, Chief Financial Officer, the Internal Auditors

and Statutory Auditors are invited to attend the Audit

Committee Meetings. The Company Secretary is the

Secretary to the Committee. The Company has established

a vigil mechanism by adopting a Whistle Blower Policy

for Stakeholders including Directors and employees and

their representative bodies to report genuine concerns

in the prescribed manner. The vigil mechanism is

overseen by the Audit Committee and provides adequate

safeguards against victimization of stakeholders including

employees and Directors and their representative bodies.

Whistle Blower Policy is a mechanism to address any

complaint(s) related to fraudulent transactions or reporting

intentional non-compliance with the Company’s policies

and procedures and any other questionable accounting /

operational process followed. It provides a mechanism to

approach the Chairman of Audit Committee or Chairman

of the Company or the Corporate Governance Cell. During

the year, no personnel were denied access to the Chairman

of the Audit Committee or Chairman of the Company or

the Corporate Governance Cell. The Boards’ Report

also provides details on the Whistle Blower Policy of the

Company and the Policy is available at web link: https://

www.mahindralifespaces.com/media/investor/codes-and-

policies/Whistle%20Blower%20Policy.pdf

Stakeholders Relationship Committee

As on 31st March, 2020, the Stakeholders Relationship

Committee of the Company comprises Non-Executive

Non-Independent

Director,

Mr.

Arun

Nanda

and

Non- Executive Independent Director, Mr. Ameet Hariani

and: Managing Director & CEO, Ms. Sangeeta Prasad.

Mr. Arun Nanda is the

Managing Director & CEO, Ms. Sangeeta Prasad.

Mr. Arun Nanda is the Chairman of the Committee. During

the year, Mr. Shailesh Haribhakti ceased to be a member

of the Committee consequent to his resignation as an

Independent Director of the Company effective 26th July,

2019. The Board at its meeting held on 12th September,

2019 appointed Ms. Amrita Chowdhury, a Non-Executive

Independent Director as a member of the Committee

effective 12th September, 2019.

During the year under review, the Committee met twice

on 22nd April, 2019 and 21st October, 2019. All members

attended both the meetings.

Loans & Investment Committee

As on 31st March, 2020, the Loans & Investment Committee

of the Board of the Company comprises two Non-Executive

Non-Independent

Directors,

Mr.

Arun

Nanda

and

Dr. Anish Shah and Non-Executive Independent Director,

Mr. Ameet Hariani. Mr. Arun Nanda is the Chairman of the

Committee. The Committee’s objective is to finalise within

the parameters set by the Board, the terms on which the

borrowings/ investments would be made by the Company

from time to time.

Share Transfer and Allotment Committee

As on 31st March, 2020, the Committee comprises two

Non-Executive Non-Independent Directors, Mr. Arun

Nanda and Dr. Anish Shah and the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO, Ms. Sangeeta

Prasad. During the year, Mr. Shailesh Haribhakti ceased

to be a member of the Committee consequent to his

resignation as an Independent Director of the Company

effective 26th July, 2019. The Board at its meeting held on

12th September, 2019 appointed Mr. Bharat Shah,

Independent Director as a member of the Committee effective

12th September, 2019. The objective of the Committee is

to evaluate business plans and investments in Residential

projects to be undertaken in Joint Venture and in large

format development. During the year, the Committee met

once on 27th January, 2020 and all members attended the

meeting.

Risk Management Committee

The Company already has in place a procedure to inform

the Board about the risk assessment and minimization

procedures. Presently, in terms of Regulation 21 of

the SEBI LODR, the requirement of Risk Management

Committee is not applicable to the Company. However, the

Board has constituted Risk Management Committee.

As on 31st March, 2020, the Committee comprises Managing

Director & CEO, Ms. Sangeeta Prasad, Chief Operating

Officer and CEO-Happinest Mr. Arvind Subramanian,

Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Vimal Agarwal and Mr. Suhas

Kulkarni, Chief Legal Officer and Company Secretary.

Ms. Sangeeta Prasad is the Chairperson of the Committee.

During the year, Mr. Shailesh Haribhakti ceased to be a

member of the Committee consequent to his resignation

as an Independent Director of the Company effective 26th

July, 2019. Further, Mr. Jayant Manmadkar, who was the

Chief Financial Officer ceased to be a member consequent

to his resignation with effect from 30th April, 2019. The

Board at its meeting held on 12th September, 2019

appointed Mr. Vimal Agarwal, Chief Financial Officer, Mr.

Arvind Subramanian, Chief Operating Officer and CEO-

Happinest and Mr. Suhas Kulkarni, Chief Legal Officer and

Company Secretary, as members of the Committee.

The role of the Committee is to monitor and review the risk

assessment, mitigation and risk management plan for the

Company from time to time.

Committee for Land Acquisition

The Board at its meeting held on 13th December, 2019

has constituted a Committee for Land Acquisition.

As on 31st March, 2020, the Committee comprises

Non-executive non-Independent Director Mr. Arun Nanda,

Non-executive Independent Directors Mr. Bharat Shah

and Mr. Ameet Hariani. Mr. Arun Nanda is the Chairman

of the Committee. The role of the Committee is to evaluate

and approve proposals for developing residential projects

under outright purchase of land parcels, joint venture, joint

development and development management for fee or

any other proposal for development of residential projects.

During the year, the Committee met once on 27th January,

2020 and all members attended the meeting.

9.

GENERAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION

Twenty-first Annual General Meeting – Financial year

2019-20

Day / Date : Friday, 28 August, 2020

Time

: 3:00 p.m. (IST)

Venue

: Since the AGM is held through VC / OAVM,

Registered office of the Company will be the

deemed venue for the meeting.

Details of Annual / Extra-ordinary General Meetings held

during past three years

Year

Date

Time

Venue

Special Resolutions passed

2017

18th AGM,

25th July,

2017

3:00

p.m.

Y. B. Chavan

Centre, General

Jagannath

Bhosle Marg,

Next to

Sachivalaya

Gymkhana,

Mumbai 400 021

Private Placement of Non-

Convertible Debentures and/

or other Debt Securities upto

an aggregate amount of ` 750

crore

2018

19th AGM,

30th July,

2018

3:00

p.m.

Y. B. Chavan

Centre, General

Jagannath

Bhosle Marg,

Next to

Sachivalaya

Gymkhana,

Mumbai 400 021

•

Private Placement

of Non-Convertible

Debentures and/or other

Debt Securities upto an

aggregate amount of ` 750

crore

2019

20th AGM,

26th July,

2019

3:00

p.m.

Y. B. Chavan

Centre, General

Jagannath

Bhosle Marg,

Next to

Sachivalaya

Gymkhana,

Mumbai 400 021

•

Appointment and

Remuneration of Ms.

Sangeeta Prasad as the: Managing

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer of the Company declare that all Board Members and Senior

Management Personnel of the Company have affirmed compliance with the Codes of Conduct for Board of Directors and Senior

Management for the year ended 31st March, 2020.

For and on behalf of the Board,

For Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited

Sangeeta Prasad: Managing

letter dated 3rd August, 2018.

2.

We, Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP, Chartered Accountants, the Statutory Auditors of Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited

(“the Company”), have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by the Company, for the year ended

on 31st March 2020, as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of regulation 46(2) and para C, D and E of

Schedule V of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the Listing Regulations).

Managements’ Responsibility

3.

The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the Management. This responsibility includes

the design, implementation and maintenance of internal control and procedures to ensure the compliance with the conditions

of the Corporate Governance stipulated in Listing Regulations.

Auditor’s Responsibility

4.

Our responsibility is limited to examining the procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring

compliance with the conditions of the Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial

statements of the Company.

5.

We have examined the books of account and other relevant records and documents maintained by the Company for the

purposes of providing reasonable assurance on the compliance with Corporate Governance requirements by the Company.

6.

We have carried out an examination of the relevant records of the Company in accordance with the Guidance Note on

Certification of Corporate Governance issued by the Institute of the Chartered Accountants of India (the ICAI), the Standards

on Auditing specified under Section 143(10) of the Companies Act 2013, in so far as applicable for the purpose of this certificate

and as per the Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes issued by the ICAI which requires that we

comply with the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.

7.

We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control

for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance and Related Services

Engagements.

Opinion

8.

Based on our examination of the relevant records and according to the information and explanations provided to us and the

representations provided by the Management, we certify that the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate

Governance as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of regulation 46(2) and para C, D and E of Schedule V

of the Listing Regulations during the year ended 31st March, 2020.

9.

We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or effectiveness

with which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Deloitte Haskins and Sells LLP

Chartered Accountants

(Firm’s Registration No.117366W/W-100018)

Ketan Vora

Partner

(Membership No. 100459)

UDIN: 20100459AAAAJU3360

Place: Mumbai

Date: 14th May, 2020:

Managing Director & CEO

(from 1st October, 2018)

Mr. Arun Kumar Nanda - Non Executive Chairman

Ms Anita Arjundas -: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

(from 1st October, 2018)

Mr. Arun Kumar Nanda - Non Executive Chairman

Ms. Anita Arjundas -: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

b)

Details of the BR head

DIN No.

:

NA

Name

:

Mr. Suhas Kulkarni

Designation

:

Chief Legal Officer & Company Secretary

Telephone No.

:

+91 22 6747 8600

Email id

:

Kulkarni.suhas2@mahindra.com

2.

Principle-wise (as per NVGs) BR Policy/policies

(a)

Details of compliance

Table 1 Principle wise BR Policies

S.

No.

Questions

P1: Ethics &

transparency

P2: Product

Responsibility

P3: Wellbeing of

employees

P4: Responsiveness

to

Stakeholders

P5: Respect Human

Rights

P6: Environmental

Responsibility

P7: Public Policy

Advocacy

P8: Support

Inclusive Growth

P9: Engagement

with Customers

1.

Do you have a policy/policies for....

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

N

Y

Y

2.

Has

the

policy

being

formulated

in

consultation with the relevant stakeholders?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

NA

N

Y

3

Does the policy conform to any national /

international standards? If yes, specify?

Note 1

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

NA

Y

Y

4.

Has the policy been approved by the

Board? If yes, has it been signed by MD/

owner/CEO/appropriate Board Director?

Y

N

Note 2

Y

Note 2

Y

Note 2

Y

Note 2

Y

Note 2

NA

Y

Note 2

N

Note 2

5.

Does the company have a specified

committee of the Board/ Director/Official to

oversee the implementation of the policy?

Y

N

Y

Y

Y

N

NA

Y

N

6.

Indicate the link for the policy to be viewed

online?

All the policies are listed in Table 2. In order to ensure transparency, all policies

are communicated to the stakeholders through intranet and the website.

7.

Has the policy been formally communicated

to all relevant internal and external

stakeholders?

The policies are developed and updated periodically in line with best

practices, inputs received from stakeholders, and benchmarking against peer

companies as well as the Group companies. As the policies are updated, they

are communicated to the relevant internal and external stakeholders using

appropriate means of communication.

8.

Does the company have in-house structure

to implement the policy/policies?

The Company’s policies are implemented by relevant functions.:

Managing Director & CEO of the Company.

Table 02 Policies Governing Mahindra Lifespaces

Principle

Link for Applicable Policies

Principle 1: Businesses should conduct and govern

themselves with Ethics, Transparency, and Accountability

●

Code of Conduct for Senior Management and Employees

●

Code of Conduct for Directors

●

Code for Practices and Procedures for Fair Disclosure of

Unpublished Price Sensitive Information

●

Code for Independent Directors

Principle 2: Businesses should provide goods and services

that are safe and contribute to sustainability throughout their

life cycle

●

Environment, Health & Safety Policy

●

Quality Policy

●

Sustainability Policy

Principle 3: Businesses should promote the well-being of

employees

●

Environment, Health & Safety Policy

●

Policy on Sexual Harassment for Women at Workplace

(Prevention, Prohibition & Redressal):

letter w hich is anncxc-d as Annexure A and lorms

an integral part of this report.:

letter.

I.

Mc1111ten,mce nl -..ecrela rial record is the responsi bi II t, ot t ht:> m,111,1gt>1111.>11 I \ll I lw i:11111p,111, Our

responsibi lity is lo express an opinion on these secrt>larial rt:>cords based 1n1 llllr i!L1d1t.

2.

WP have followed the audit practices and proce..,-..1's a-. \\ 1•re .ippropri,ll1' lll obt,1m

reasonable assurance about the correclnPss of lht>

contt>nh 111 llw Sf'Lrt'l,m.il n°enrd-..

·1 lw

verification \\cl'.> done on lt>sl bc1sis lo ensure that correct l,1ch MP rt>lledt:>d 111 se1 rt>t,mal rl'nird".

We believe lh,1l the processes ,md practices wt> lnllm\l'd pnlVidt• ., rP,hnnablt• b,b1-.. tor LHir

opinion.

3.

The minutes, Lhicumenb, records ,md other inlorm,1tion Lhed-.ed l11r tlw purpL,~P Ill .iudil 1,Prl'

ri>ce1, ed from the Comp,my 111 soft cop, and through ,•lecln11111 m,ul d11e t11 tlw 11c1ll!Hl\\ 1dl'

lockdL11,·n Cilll'>L'd pursuant lo the outbreak oi Co, 1d 19 (C.,ronil, 1rus) .

..J.

WC! ha,·e not verified the correctness and approprrnlt>n1",s ol lin,mc1al rpcord-.. ,ind Bollh.!-. nl

Accounts ol the compam.

5.

When:-,·er requirPd, "e havt> obtamed tlw 'vlanagemenl n•p1v-.t•nt,1t11w. ,1bllul tht nimpli,111, 1• nl

laws, rules and regulations ,md happt>ning of e, ents etc.

6.

The rompliann' ol the pnwisinns of Corporate and other ,1pplic,1blt• l<1w..,, ruk':'>, n'gLilalton-.,

standMds is the responsibility of management. Our e'<am1nation w,1-.. limit1'd lo tlw n.'nlicalinn of

procPdures on test basis.

7.

The Secretar1c1l Audit report i-, neither ,rn assur,1nu• a:, to tht> lutun•, 1,1bil11,· 111 tlw compilll\ Jlllr

of the efficacy nr elfeclivene-,s \\ith 1, hid, the m<1n,1gt>n1ent h,i:-, 1onduclt>d the ,1lla1r~ ol the

company.

Place: \1umbai

Dated: 12.0'1.2020

\

l·or M artinho lc-crrao & Associates

(ompan) <; c ctarics

..

\ l,irtin 10 1·crrao

11roprictor

f('-,\.(l 6221

l f' \.11 '1676:

letter.

'Annexurc A'

1. tvlainlenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the

Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these secretarial records

based on our audit.

2. We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain

reasonable assurance about the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial

records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are

reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we

followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3. We have not verified the correcb1ess and appropriateness of financial records and

Books of Accounts of the Company.

4. Wherever required, we have obtained the Management's representation about the

compliance of laws, rules and regulations and happening of events etc,

5. Tiw compliance of the Corpornte and other applicable laws, rules, regulations,

standards is the responsibility of the management. Our examination was limited

to the verification of the procedures on test basis.

6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the

Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which the management has

conducted the affairs of the Company.

7. In view of the restrictions imposed by lhe Government of India on movement of

people across l.ndia to contain the spread of Covid-19 pandemic, we have relied on

electronic data for verification of records as the physical verification was not

po5sible.

For Khandelwal Arnn & Associates

Company Secretaries

(S2017TN553800)

~tt~~delwa

Proprietor

FCS 9350, CP No: 19611

Place: Chennai

Dated: April 22, 2020

UDIN: F0093508000282469

Pages of s

Shop No: 27, C-47, 1st Floor, Anna Nag~r Plaza, II Avenue. Anna Naga,, Chennai - 600CMO

M: +91 99305 69303 •E: khandelwa1.fcs@gmail.com:

letter which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral

part of this report.:

letter.

'Annexure A'

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our

responsibility is to express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable

assurance about the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done

on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the

processes and practices we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

The minutes, documents, records and other information checked for the purpose of audit were

received from the Company in soft copy and through electronic mail due to the nationwide lockdown

caused pursuant to the outbreak of Covid-19 (Coronavirus).

4.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts

of the Company.

5.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws,

rules and regulations and happening of events etc.

6.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations,

standards is the responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of

procedures on test basis.

7.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of

the efficacy or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the company.

Place: Mumbai

Dated: 12th May, 2020

---~==:::::::F~o:..-:r Martinho Ferrao & Associates

Compa

Marti ho Ferrao

Proprietor

FCS No. 6221

C P. No. 5676

UDIN: F006221B000230346:

