Managing Director

and Vice-President of US Robotics

(UK) Limited, a wholly owned

subsidiary of US Robotics, Inc.

which was acquired by 3Com in

1997. In 1993 he co-founded US

start-up Xedia Corporation, which

was subsequently sold to Lucent

Corporation in 1999. In 1994 Jens

became Chairman and CEO of

Datatec. In 2001 Datatec

established an independent

non-executive Chairman role after

which Jens continued to serve as

CEO. He became Executive

Chairman of Westcon International

in 2017.

Other directorship:

●

● Chairman of Corero plc

(AIM London)

Appointed to the Board:

30 May 2016

Skills, expertise and experience:

Ivan rejoined Datatec on 30 May

2016 from Vodacom, where he had

been Group CFO from 15 June

2012 to 31 July 2015. Prior to that,

he held a number of senior

executive positions at Datatec,

including Group CFO from May

2008 to June 2012, in a career

that spanned 13 years.

Ivan qualified as a Chartered

Accountant (South Africa) at

Deloitte South Africa and also

worked for

PricewaterhouseCoopers in

London. He completed the Oxford

Advanced Management and

Leadership Programme at Saïd

Business School.

Committees: A

N

+ Joined Remuneration Committee with

effect 31 May 2020

Appointed to the Board:

1 June 2018

Skills, expertise and experience:

Ekta serves on public and private

corporate boards bringing diverse

global management experience and

expertise in financial, digital technology,

cyber security and risk operations. She

was Chief Operating Officer, Executive

Office at the Federal Reserve Bank of

New York, and previously had a 17-year

career in senior managing partner roles

with EY, such as US Innovation and

Digital Strategy Leader, Northeast

Advisory People Leader and Chief

Information Security Officer. She has

led transformations across multiple

industries impacted by digital

technology and information

management advances. Ekta is a

Certified Public Accountant (USA) and

holds advanced international

certifications in governance,

information systems security, audit and

control. She has a Master of Electrical

Engineering and Computer Science

degree from the University of California,

Berkeley, and a Bachelor of

Engineering degree from the University

of Poona, India.

Other directorships:

●

● Non-executive director of TTEC

(NASDAQ)

●

● Non-executive director of

Net 1 UEPS Technologies Inc.

(NASDAQ, JSE)

●

● Non-executive director of Huron

Consulting Group (NASDAQ)

●

● Non-executive director of Designer

Brands Inc. (NYSE)

S:

Managing Director of the Kagiso

group until his resignation in 2010.

He is currently the executive

Chairman of Silver Unicorn Coal and

Minerals (Pty) Ltd. He is a past

Chairman of the South African

Institute of Chartered Accountants

and its Education Committee. He

served in a number of prominent

advisory roles for both the public and

private sector. Johnson has a

Bachelor of Commerce and

Bachelor of Accounting Science

(Honours) degrees and qualified as a

Chartered Accountant (South Africa).

Other directorships:

●

● Non-executive director of Delta

Property Fund

●

● Trustee and Chairman of Hollard

Foundation Trust

●

● Non-executive director and

Chairman of MMI Holdings

Limited

●

● Non-executive director of Clicks

Group Limited

●

● Non-executive director of Motus

Holdings Limited

●

● Executive Chairman of Silver

Unicorn Coal and Minerals

(Pty) Ltd

Datatec 2020 Integrated Report – Value creation

23:

letter of

assurance twice a year from each of its subsidiary

divisions (supported by similar representations from the

divisions’ own subsidiaries) which provides the Board

with assurance over the operation of the risk

management processes described above, including the

operation of internal controls over financial and IT risks,

compliance with legislation, and the ethical and

sustainable management of the business.:

Dear stakeholders

Introduction

On behalf of the Board of directors and the Remuneration Committee,

I am pleased to present the remuneration report (“the report”) for 2020.

The Remuneration Committee aims to ensure that Datatec

remunerates fairly, responsibly and transparently to promote the

achievement of strategic objectives and positive outcomes in the short,

medium and long terms (King IVTM Principle 14). Our committee’s focus

remains to ensure that the remuneration structures at Datatec drive

value creation for our stakeholders, with a reward framework and value

proposition for our executives which complies with best practice

corporate governance standards.

Our performance and pay outcomes in FY20

All Datatec’s divisions delivered solid operational execution in FY20

with Logicalis’ performance especially strong in Latin America.

Westcon International returned to profitability and its central cost

reductions were achieved. Analysys Mason had a record year.

However, the macroeconomic background presented problems and

the ambitious short-term incentive (“STI”) targets set for management

were only partly achieved.

Shortly after the year-end, the COVID-19 pandemic escalated to crisis

levels with an immediate impact on the setting of remuneration targets

for FY21.

A brief summary of the main remuneration outcomes follows with the

detail set out in the policy and implementation sections of this report:

●

● Base pay of the CEO and CFO was reduced by 20% and 10%

respectively compared to FY19

●

● Executives received no increases to guaranteed pay for the

forthcoming year due to COVID-19. Likewise non-executive

directors will receive no fee increases

●

● STIs earned for FY20 decreased 56% compared to FY19

●

● The SYNNEX transaction earn-out element of the FY18 STI which

was previously deferred, was paid out in FY20 upon receipt of the

earn-out payment

●

● We awarded long-term incentives (“LTIs”), but as a result of our lower

STI levels, the deferral and co-investment by the Company into the

deferred bonus plan (“DBP”) was lower compared to previous years.

Conditional share plan (“CSP”) awards were made in line with our

normal policy

●

● None of the historic share appreciation rights (“SARs”) granted in

2016 and 2017 have vested but the 2016 and 2017 long-term

incentive plan (“LTIP”) awards are vesting

Linking pay to our strategy

Datatec’s strategy remains to improve shareholder returns over the

medium term through a combination of corporate and business

actions aimed at enhancing the competitiveness and profitability of our

subsidiaries and operating divisions. The Group’s remuneration policy

seeks to align remuneration to the achievement of the Group’s

strategic objectives.

Part 1 – Background statement

Aligning remuneration to our strategic objectives

Value

generation

uEPS

Other

quantitative measures

addressing current

short-term

priorities

COVID-19

STRATEGIC OBJECTIVE

LTI

STI

FY20: The performance condition for 50% of CSP awards vesting in 2023 is

return on invested capital (“ROIC”)

FY21: The performance condition for two-thirds of CSP vesting in 2024 is

absolute total shareholder return (“TSR”). Furthermore, executive share

ownership requirements and the DBP’s additional two-year holding period

post-vesting ensure shareholder alignment over the long term

FY20: Performance condition for 50% of CSP vesting is uEPS growth

over three years to FY22

FY21: Performance condition for one third of CSP vesting is

uEPS growth over three years to FY23

FY21: CSP starting point for TSR performance condition will be average

share price over 30-business days to the date of the FY20 results

announcement (27 May 2020) to take account of the unprecedented

market effects of the COVID-19 pandemic arising after the year-end

date (29 February 2020)

EBITDA

FY20 target for 50% of STI was budget uEPS

FY21 target for 25% of STI is target uEPS

FY20 target for 30% of STI was budget Group EBITDA

FY21 target for 25% of STI is target Group EBITDA

FY20 metrics focused on Westcon International turnaround

FY21 metrics addressing Logicalis and Westcon International

working capital

FY21 metrics address crisis management and post-

COVID-19 strategy:

letter of representation from their CSDP or broker.

Shares held by a share trust or scheme will not have their votes at meetings taken into account for the purposes of

resolutions proposed in terms of the Listings Requirements.

Datatec 2020 Investor Information – Notices and references

249:

letter of representation given by the holder if you are a company or juristic person, and

certified copies of identity document or passports of the persons who passed the resolution; and

●

● a valid email address and/or telephone number.

Participants who have complied with the notice requirement above will be contacted between Thursday, 23 July 2020 and

Tuesday, 28 July 2020, and provided the relevant connection details as well as the passcodes through which they or their

proxy(ies) can participate via electronic communication and of the process for participation via a unique link to the email/

cellphone number provided in the notification.

It is recommended that shareholders log into the online platform at least 15 minutes prior to the scheduled start time for the

Meeting. Should shareholders require assistance with accessing the online platform, they can call the following helpline:

+2781 711 4255.

Shareholders will be able to view a live webcast of the Meeting, ask directors questions online in written format or verbally

and submit your votes in real time if the shareholder has not already voted through their CSDP or broker.

The cost of accessing any means of electronic participation provided by the Company will be borne by the Company.

By order of the Board

SP Morris

For and on behalf of

Datatec Management Services (Pty) Ltd

Company Secretary

Sandton

25 June 2020

Datatec 2020 Investor Information – Notices and references

250:

Managing Director – SP Morris)

OFFICE – UK

1st Floor, Bush House

North West Wing

London

WC2B 4PJ

United Kingdom

Tel +44 (0) 207 395 9000

Fax +44 (0) 207 395 9001

OFFICE – USA

660 White Plains Road

Tarrytown

New York 10591

USA

Tel +1 914 829 7000

Fax +1 914 829 7184

Contact details:

