Letter from ENSafrica assuring due diligence

• Remedial programme (Project FreeTrade)

• Nurturing ongoing relationships

• Quality assurance and certification programme

• Articulation of industry specific solutions

• Launch of iOCO brand supported by a strong

digital presence and continuous engagements with

customers

• Engaging customers on the transition to remote

services and other digital solutions during COVID-19

• Bringing over 70 COVID-19 solutions to market

We sell our technology solutions to customers in a range of industries in the private and public sectors.

Strong relationships with customers ensures the profitability and sustainability of our business.

CUSTOMERS

Quality of relationship:

Poor

Fair

Strong:

Letter from ENSafrica assuring due diligence

• Meetings with CEO and senior leadership

• Supplier and partnership agreements

• Roll out of a revised procurement policy that

aligns with the Competition Act and other relevant

regulations

• The restructuring exercise aligned to new Group

strategy will create a simplified organisational

structure with clear lines of engagement

• Central onboarding process and portal for supplier

vetting and onboarding

• Development of a new ESD strategy and framework

is in progress

• Initiatives are in place to standardise and stabilise the

elements of the supply chain affected by COVID-19,

driven through the internal IT teams and supported

by legal and procurement

• Ongoing re-baselining of sales targets for the resale

of OEM products

Suppliers, enterprise development and technology partners support the services and products we supply to

our customers and ensuring good relationships with these stakeholders secures our ability to create value.

SUPPLIERS,

ENTERPRISE

DEVELOPMENT

AND

TECHNOLOGY

PARTNERS

Quality of relationship:

Poor

Fair

Strong

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT CONTINUED

Stakeholder

engagement:

letter on

financial controls to assist the CEO and CFO in meeting the

new requirements.

• Monitoring progress on the deleveraging plan to ensure that

the appropriate capital structure is attained without erosion

of value.

• Review relevant submissions and reports issued by internal

and external assurance providers

• Monitoring the organisation’s control environment and

engaging with relevant persons – both internal and external –

as required, to effectively discharge its responsibilities.

• Reviewing relevant reports and position papers prepared

by management relating to accounting standard changes to

ensure that all material risks are addressed.

• Reviewing management submissions on technical accounting

matters.:

letter from its lenders on 1 December 2020 for the R250 million shortfall at

30 November 2020 until 28 February 2021 and a waiver of the events of default related to financial covenants.

The waiver expires on 28 February 2021.

The Board remains focused on and committed to the turnaround strategy, the debt reduction plan and implementing the

refinancing proposal agreed with lenders. However, the requirement to reduce borrowings by a set quantum in a set

timeframe and the ability of the Group to achieve its debt reduction plan in the current economic conditions, creates a

material uncertainty. A material uncertainty is an event or condition that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability

to continue as a going concern and therefore, that it may be unable to realise its assets and discharge its liabilities in the

normal course of business.

The Board, after considering the negotiated terms and mitigating actions described above, has concluded that the Group

should be able to discharge its liabilities as they fall due in the normal course of business and is therefore of the opinion

that the going concern assumption is appropriate in the preparation of the consolidated annual financial statements.

Accounting policies

The accounting policies applied in the consolidated annual financial statements are consistent with those applied in the

previous years, except as set out below.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS CONTINUED

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 JULY 2020:

