Letter for 2020 Annual Report: Dear Shareholders

It is my privilege to address all of you in my first year as

Managing Director: International Payments Group

Nanda Pillay

49: Managing

Managing Director: Southern Africa. We do not maintain any “key person” life insurance policies. If we fail to attract, integrate,

retain and incentivize key personnel, our ability to manage and grow our business could be harmed.

We face a highly competitive employment market and may not be successful in attracting and retaining

a sufficient number of skilled employees, particularly in the technical and sales areas and senior

management.

Our future success depends on our ability to continue to develop new products and to market these products to our targeted

users. In order to succeed in our product development and marketing efforts, we need to identify, attract, motivate and retain

sufficient numbers of qualified technical and sales personnel. An inability to hire and retain such technical personnel would

adversely affect our ability to enhance our existing intellectual property, to introduce new generations of technology and to keep

abreast of current developments in technology. Demand for personnel with the range of capabilities and experience we require is

high and there is no assurance that we will be successful in attracting and retaining these employees. The risk exists that our

technical skills and sales base may be depleted over time because of natural attrition. Furthermore, social and economic factors in

South Africa have led, and continue to lead, to numerous qualified individuals leaving the country, thus depleting the availability of

qualified personnel in South Africa. If we cannot recruit and retain people with the appropriate capabilities and experience and

effectively integrate these people into our business, it could negatively affect our product development and marketing activities.:

managing director or head of the

organization) may be held criminally liable. An Information Officer is required to be registered with the Information Regulator.

The General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, took effect on May 25, 2018, in the European Union as well as the

European Economic Area and introduced direct compliance obligations for data controllers and data processors. National Data

Protection Agencies, or NDPAs, are now able to impose fines for violations ranging from 2% to 4% of annual worldwide turnover,

or 10 million to 20 million euro, whichever is greater. NDPAs have the power to carry out audits, request information, and obtain

access to premises. Businesses must be able to demonstrate that the personal data of any data subject can be lawfully processed on

one of the six specified grounds.

Complying with these varying requirements could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business

practices in a manner adverse to our business. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with any regulatory requirements or

international privacy or consumer protection-related laws and regulations could result in proceedings or actions against us by

governmental entities or others, subject us to significant penalties and negative publicity and adversely affect us. In addition, as

noted above, we are subject to the possibility of security breaches, which themselves may result in a violation of these laws.

Amendments to the NCA were signed into law in South Africa in August 2019. Compliance with these

amendments may adversely impact our micro-lending operations in South Africa.

In August 2019, the National Credit Amendment Bill, or debt-relief bill, was signed into law in South Africa. The effective

date of the debt-relief bill has not yet been announced. We believe that the debt-relief bill will restrict the ability of financial services

providers to provide lending products to certain low-income earners and will increase the cost of credit to these consumers. As a

result, compliance with the debt-relief bill may adversely impact our micro-lending operations in South Africa.

The debt-relief bill is a debt-relief intervention that forms part of an amendment to the NCA and is intended to assist over-

indebted individuals who earn less than a prescribed monthly minimum, currently ZAR 7,500, and have unsecured debt of no more

than ZAR 50,000. Individuals that have not commenced a debt counseling process, have not been sequestrated and are not subject to

an administration order may seek debt relief under the debt-relief bill. Applications for debt relief are expected to be processed by

the NCR and will then be submitted to the National Consumer Tribunal, or NCT.

The NCR will first assess whether an applicant can meet its debt obligations by paying a lower installment over an extended

period of no more than five years, a so-called debt re-arrangement. This process is similar to the debt counseling provisions in

existing legislation, except the applicant would not pay for the debt counselor and therefore does not enjoy the services of the

counselor. If the applicant has no income, the NCR will recommend that the applicant’s debts be suspended for 24 months in the

hopes that the applicant’s circumstances improve in order to service the debt over time.:

Letter between Nedbank Limited and

Net1 Applied Technologies South Africa

Limited and certain of its subsidiaries dated as

of December 13, 2013 and First Addendum

thereto dated as of December 18, 2013

8-K

10.27

December 19, 2013

10.16: Letter from Nedbank Limited to Net1 Applied

Technologies South Africa Proprietary Limited

and certain of its subsidiaries, dated December

7, 2016

8-K

10.50

December 9, 2016

10.17

Addendum dated January 31, 2014, to the

Relationship Agreement between Net 1 UEPS

Technologies, Inc., Net 1 Applied Technologies

South Africa (Proprietary) Limited, Business

Venture Investments No 1567 (Proprietary)

Limited (RF) and Mosomo Investment Holdings

(Proprietary) Limited.

10-Q

10.28

February 6, 2014

10.18

Second Addendum dated March 14, 2014, to the

Relationship Agreement between Net 1 UEPS

Technologies, Inc., Net 1 Applied Technologies

South Africa (Proprietary) Limited, Business

Venture Investments No 1567 (Proprietary)

Limited (RF) and Mosomo Investment Holdings

(Proprietary) Limited.

8-K

10.30

March 18, 2014

10.19

Subscription and Sale of Shares Agreement

dated August 27, 2014, between Net 1 UEPS

Technologies, Inc., Net 1 Applied Technologies

South Africa (Proprietary) Limited, Business

Venture Investments No 1567 (Proprietary)

Limited (RF), Mosomo Investment Holdings

(Proprietary) Limited and Cash Paymaster

Services (Proprietary) Ltd

10-Q

10.29

November 6, 2014

10.20

Subscription Agreement, dated April 11, 2016,

among the Company and the IFC Investors

8-K

10.31

April 12, 2016

10.21

Policy Agreement, dated April 11, 2016, among

the Company and the IFC Investors

8-K

10.32

April 12, 2016

10.22

Cooperation Agreement, dated May 13, 2020,

by and between Net 1 UEPS Technologies, Inc.

and VCP (Proprietary) Limited.

8-K

10.1

May 14, 2020

Managing Director at the time of the Transact24 acquisition during the year ended June 30, 2016. This arrangement

therefore was also in place before the: Managing

