managing director,

and brand executive regarding stock

management

• Orders must be authorised before product

manager can place the order with supplier.

Weakening of the

ZAR against the USD

Signifi cant forex losses may result from

signiﬁcant increases in USD-denominated

accounts payable.

• Foreign currency liabilities are hedged by means

of forward exchange contracts (FECs) and

options

• The CEO and FD manage USD exposures

• Coverage is always taken at a minimum of 70%.

Theft of stock,

including:

• External (armed

robbery)

• Vehicle hijacking

Possible consequences:

• Physical harm to staff, potential loss of life

• Financial loss to the business

• Loss of customer confi dence and therefore

market share

• Increased dismissals and loss of staff,

which may further lead to litigation costs

• Reputational damage.

• 24/7 on-site monitoring of Mustek’s premises

using Securitas perimeter cameras

• Project to review all security controls has been

established.

Loss of information

privacy and/or

integrity due to

unauthorised access

by employees or

external hackers.

Possible consequences:

• Loss of information privacy or integrity

• Occurrence of fraud leading to fi nancial

loss

• Contravention of the Protection of Personal

Information (POPI) Act

• Loss of investor and customer conﬁdence.

• Firewall software is installed and monitored

• User accounts and network access are managed

by means of programmed access restriction

• Changes in access need to be authorised by

the staff member’s line manager

• The integrity and privacy of data transmission

are protected by means of encryption

• An awareness programme was conducted by

way of face-to-face training provided by IT

• Policy regarding Cybercrime defi ned by IT.

Business continuity

and contingency

planning due to

COVID-19

These realities may lead to reputational risk

and loss of business due to lack of human

resource capacity or shutting operations for

several days to decontaminate, investigate

and re-evaluate controls.

• COVID-19 policy

• Risk assessment and SOP

• Medical surveillance procedure

• Reporting of possible infection procedure

• Special arrangements for high-risk staff

(who would be more signifi cantly affected)

• Social distancing rules and regular handwashing/

sanitising practices

• Wearing of masks is compulsory for everyone.

• Consistently educating staff on safe practices for

protection both at the workplace and while

travelling.

Change in

macroeconomic

trends

As a global player, the Group is exposed to

the world’s developed and developing

markets. Its operations and fi nancial results

will be impacted by trends in the

macroeconomic environment.

Currently Eskom’s management of the power

grid and its debt is brittle, risking the country

and impacting the exchange rate.

• Putting additional focus on working capital

management largely reduces the impact as

the risk lies in lower demand and stock

obsolescence

• Review and reduce operating costs

• Additional focus from CEO,: managing director,

and brand executive regarding stock

management

• Orders must be authorised before product

manager can place the order with supplier.

Mustek Integrated Annual Report 2020

22

Managing director

Elaine Wang

Cloud and software

solutions director

Mathew Hall

Product director

Christiaan Engelbrecht

Financial director

Martin Roets

Operations director

39

Mustek Integrated Annual Report 2020:

Managing director

Dr Mdu Gama (51)

Lead independent non-executive director

David Kan is the co-founder and a major shareholder of Mustek,

as well as its CEO since the Group’s inception in 1987. He holds

a BSc (Eng), with a major in mechanical engineering.

Hein Engelbrecht holds a BCom (Hons), is a registered chartered

accountant and joined the Group in 1997 as Group financial

manager. He completed his articles with Grant Thornton Kessel

Feinstein and spent two-and-a-half years as financial manager

of Office Directions Proprietary Limited. He was appointed to the

Board on 1 September 2000.

Neels Coetzee holds a BCom (Hons), is a registered chartered

accountant and joined the Group in 2001 as Group financial manager

after completing his articles with Deloitte & Touche in 2000. He was

appointed to the Board as financial director on 29 August 2008.

Dr Mdu Gama was appointed as a director of Mustek in 2002. He holds an MBA,

a PhD (Finance) and various management qualifications from SA, US and UK

universities. He is currently the CEO of Resultant Finance Proprietary Limited

and a trustee of the University of Johannesburg Trust Fund.

A diverse and effective leadership team

OUR TEAM LEADERSHIP

LEADERSHIP AND GOVERNANCE

Mustek Integrated Annual Report 2020

82:

managing director

FD = financial director

85

Mustek Integrated Annual Report 2020:

Managing director

5/5

ü

ü

ü

Neels Coetzee

BCom (Hons), CA(SA)

Financial director

5/5

ü

* Chairman

ARC – Audit and Risk Committee

RNC – Remuneration and Nominations Committee

SEC – Social and Ethics Committee

EE – Employment Equity Committee

SD – Skills Development Committee

IT – IT Steering Committee:

managing director

Hein Engelbrecht, serves as the link between management

and the Board and is accountable to the Board. Quarterly

progress reports are received from the chief executive

officer on the progress made against the implementation

of the strategy. The Remuneration and Nominations

Committee evaluates the performance of the chief

executive officer against approved targets on an

annual basis.

Company secretary

The company secretary plays a vital role in the corporate

governance of the Group and is responsible for ensuring

Board compliance with procedures and regulations of a

statutory nature. The company secretary ensures

compliance with the JSE Listings Requirements and is

responsible for the submission of the annual compliance

certificate to the JSE Limited.

The company secretary ensures that, in accordance

with the pertinent laws and regulatory framework, the

proceedings and affairs of the Board and its members

and the company itself are properly administered.:

managing director, financial director, external audit

partner and the internal auditor attend meetings by

invitation. The Board is satisfied that the independence,

experience and qualifications of each member enable

them to fulfil the committee’s mandate. In addition to the

quarterly meetings, the committee meets at least once a

year with the company’s internal and external auditors,

without management being present.

BDO South Africa Inc. was appointed as external auditors,

in place of Deloitte, effective 20 January 2020.

During the reporting period, Phakisa Inc. advised that they

would join BDO and presented this independence risk.

After consideration, the committee decided to end the

internal audit contract with Phakisa. Subsequently,

Prozilog, represented by Everhard Carstens, was

appointed as independent internal auditors effective

1 June 2020.

Summarised roles and responsibilities:

• Providing the Board with additional assurance regarding

the efficiency and reliability of the financial information

used by the directors to assist them in the discharge of

their duties

• Reviewing interim and annual financial statements, the

integrated annual report and any other external reports

issued by the organisation

• Overseeing the internal audit function

• Ensuring that significant business, financial and other

risks have been identified and are being managed

suitably

• Ensuring independence of external audit and overseeing

the external audit process

• Ensuring good standards of governance, reporting and

compliance are in operation

• Overseeing the Group’s risk management profile

• Considered the impact of COVID-19 in terms of the

financial results.

During the 2020 financial year, the committee met on four

occasions and meetings were scheduled in line with the

Group’s financial reporting cycle. The committee is

satisfied that it has fulfilled its responsibilities in

accordance with its terms of reference for the reporting

period, including considerations of the impact of

COVID-19 on the operational and financial risks.

Refer to page 121 of the annual financial statements for

the Audit and Risk Committee report.

Group IT Steering Committee

Within the Group, the Group IT Steering Committee is the

committee responsible for the governance of technology

and information and sets the direction for how technology

should be approached and addressed. The strategic intent

of Group IT is documented and communicated in the Group

IT strategy and is aligned with the enterprise strategy.

The committee is chaired by the chief executive officer, with

Dimitri Tserpes being the Mustek chief technical officer.

Olga-Lee Levey is the Group chief information officer and

other relevant senior staff are included in meetings. The

Group IT Steering Committee meets formally at least four

times a year to report on their duties in accordance with its

terms of reference as approved by the Board. The

committee reports to the Board via the Audit and Risk

Committee.

Social and Ethics Committee

There were no changes made to the composition of the

Social and Ethics Committee during the reporting period.

The committee’s role and responsibilities as well as its

composition are set out below.

Summarised roles and responsibilities:

• Planning, implementing and monitoring the Group’s

strategy for transformation

• Monitoring compliance with legislation

• Monitoring employment equity and fair labour practices

• Monitoring good corporate citizenship and the Group’s

contribution to the development of communities in

which it operates

• Monitoring ethics and business conduct.

The Social and Ethics Committee met twice during the

reporting period. The committee is satisfied that it has

fulfilled its responsibilities in accordance with its terms

of reference for the reporting period.

Refer to page 92 of the integrated annual report for the

Social and Ethics Committee report.:

Managing director

3/3

3/3

4/4

Neels Coetzee

CA(SA)

Financial director

4/4

* Chairman

ARC – Audit and Risk Committee

EE – Employment Equity Committee

RNC – Remuneration and Nominations Committee

SD – Skills Development Committee

SEC – Social and Ethics Committee

IT – IT Steering Committee:

Managing director: Rectron

Diploma

Over 20 years’ experience

in management, operations

and procurement

2/2

SOCIAL AND ETHICS COMMITTEE REPORT:

managing director and

financial director, both as directors and as executives,

in determining remuneration

• Recommends to the Board the remuneration of

non-executive directors for approval by shareholders

• Determines the policy and scope of pension

arrangements, employment contracts, termination

payments and compensation commitments and makes

recommendations to the Board on these benefits for

executive directors

• Reviews market trends and reputable survey results in

determining such packages and arrangements

• Regularly reviews the incentive scheme to ensure

continued contribution to shareholder value and that

these are administered in terms of the rules:

managing director

and financial director and found this to be still appropriate

to meet the needs of the company. Notice periods for

these executive directors are three months.:

letter of representation in terms of the

custody agreement entered into between such

shareholders and the CSDP or broker.

4. Dematerialised shareholders, other than own-name

registered dematerialised shareholders, who are

unable to attend the annual general meeting and who

wish to be represented thereat, must provide their

CSDP or broker with their voting instructions in terms

of the custody agreement entered into between them

and the CSDP or broker in the manner and time

stipulated therein.

5. Shareholders present in person, by proxy or by

authorised representative shall, on a show of hands,

have one vote each and, on a poll, will have one vote

in respect of each share held.

6. In terms of the Companies Act, any shareholder or

proxy who intends to attend or participate at the

annual general meeting must be able to present

reasonably satisfactory identification at the meeting for

such shareholder or proxy to attend and participate at

the annual general meeting. A green bar-coded

identification document or identity card issued by the

South African Department of Home Affairs, a driver’s

licence or a valid passport will be accepted at the

annual general meeting as sufficient identification.:

letter of representation in terms of the custody agreement entered

into between themselves and the CSDP or broker.

For use by Mustek shareholders at an annual general meeting held at Mustek Limited’s head office at 322 15th Road,

Randjespark, Midrand, or to participate electronically, on Monday, 30 November 2020 at 10:00 (the annual general meeting).

I/We (please print name in full)

of (address)

being a shareholder/s of Mustek Limited, holding

shares in the company hereby appoint:

1.

or, failing him/her,

2.

or, failing him/her,

3. the chairman of the annual general meeting,

as my proxy to vote for me/us and on my/our behalf at the annual general meeting and at any adjournment thereof and to

speak and act for me/us and, on a poll, vote on my/our behalf.

My/our proxy shall vote as follows:

Number of shares

In favour of

Against

Abstain

To consider the presentation of the annual financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2020

Ordinary resolution number 1: To re-elect Vukile Mehana as director

Ordinary resolution number 2: To re-elect Mdu Gama as director

Ordinary resolution number 3: To re-elect David Kan as director

Ordinary resolution number 4: Confirmation of auditor’s appointment

Ordinary resolution number 5: Appointment of Lindani Dhlamini to Audit and Risk Committee

Ordinary resolution number 6: Appointment of Ralph Patmore to Audit and Risk Committee

Ordinary resolution number 7: Appointment of Mdu Gama to Audit and Risk Committee

Ordinary resolution number 8:

8.1 Endorsement of remuneration policy

8.2 Endorsement of the implementation report

Ordinary resolution number 9: Placing of shares under the directors’ control

Ordinary resolution number 10: General authority to issue shares for cash

Ordinary resolution number 11: Authority to action

Special resolution number 1: Remuneration of non-executive directors

Special resolution number 2: Financial assistance to related and inter-related companies

Special resolution number 3: General authority to the company and its subsidiaries to

repurchase shares

(indicate instruction to proxy by way of a cross in the space provided above)

Unless otherwise instructed, my/our proxy may vote as he/she thinks fit.

Signed this

day of

2020

Signature

Please read the notes on the reverse side hereof.

111

Mustek Integrated Annual Report 2020:

managing director, financial director,

partner of the external auditor and the internal auditor

attend meetings by invitation and attended all meetings

held during the reporting period. The Board is satisfied

that the independence, experience and qualifications of

each member enable them to fulfil the committee’s

mandate. In addition to scheduled meetings, the

committee meets at least once a year with the company’s

internal and external auditors, without management being

present.

The committee:

• fulfils the duties that are assigned to it by the Companies

Act and as governed by other legislative requirements

• assists the Board in overseeing the quality and integrity

of the Group’s integrated reporting process, including

the financial statements and sustainability reporting, and

announcements in respect of the financial results

• monitors that an effective control environment in the

Group is maintained

Four meetings were held during the reporting period. The committee composition and meeting attendance are below:

Name

Position

Qualification

Experience

Meetings

attended

Lindani Dhlamini

Independent

chairman

BSc, CA(SA)

Over 20 years’ experience as a chartered

accountant

4/4

Mdu Gama

Independent

member

BCom (Acc), MBA,

PhD (Finance)

Over 30 years’ experience in financial

management

4/4

Ralph Patmore

Independent

member

BCom, MBL, Stanford

Executive Programme

Over 30 years’ experience in management,

strategy, mergers and acquisitions and

accounting matters

4/4

121

Mustek Integrated Annual Report 2020:

letter from the JSE dated 18 February 2020,

including Annexure 3

• considered the impact of COVID-19 on the financial

results.

Execution of functions during the year

The committee is satisfied that, for the 2020 financial year,

it has performed all the functions required to be performed

by an Audit and Risk Committee as set out in the

Companies Act, JSE Listings Requirements, King IV and

the committee’s terms of reference.

The Audit and Risk Committee discharged its functions in

terms of its terms of reference and ascribed to it in terms

of the Companies Act during the year under review as

follows:

External audit

During the reporting period, BDO South Africa Inc. was

appointed as external auditor in place of Deloitte effective

20 January 2020.

The committee among other matters:

• nominated BDO South Africa Inc. and Vanessa de

Villiers as the external auditor and designated auditor

respectively to shareholders for appointment as auditor

for the financial year ending 30 June 2020, and ensured

that the appointment complied with all applicable legal

and regulatory requirements for the appointment of an

auditor

• nominated the external auditor and the independent

auditor for each material subsidiary company for

reappointment

• requested from BDO South Africa Inc, the formal: letter

of their latest inspection performed by IRBA on the firm

and Vanessa de Villiers, including any findings to the firm

and/or individual in line with paragraph 22.15(h) of the

JSE Listings Requirements

• reviewed the audit effectiveness and evaluated the

external auditor’s internal quality control procedures

• obtained an annual confirmation from the auditor that

their independence was not impaired

• maintained a policy setting out the categories of

non-audit services that the external auditor may and

may not provide, split between permitted, permissible

and prohibited services

• confirmed that no non-audit services were conducted

by BDO South Africa Inc

• approved the external audit engagement letter, the plan

and the budgeted audit fees payable to the external

auditor

• obtained assurances from the external auditor that

adequate accounting records were being maintained by

the company and its subsidiaries

• considered whether any reportable irregularities were

identified and reported by the external auditor in terms

of the Auditing Profession Act, No 26 of 2005

• considered any reported control weaknesses,

management’s response for their improvement and

assessed their impact on the general control

environment.

AUDIT AND RISK COMMITTEE REPORT continued

Mustek Integrated Annual Report 2020

122

letter relating to the annual

financial statements which was signed by management

• considered any problems identified and reviewed any

significant legal and tax matters that could have a

material impact on the financial statements

• considered accounting treatments, significant unusual

transactions, and accounting judgements.

Significant areas of judgement

In arriving at the figures disclosed in the financial

statements there are many areas where judgement is

needed. These are outlined in the critical accounting

estimates and judgements in the accounting policies to

the annual financial statements. The Audit and Risk

Committee has looked at the quantum of the assets and

liabilities on the statements of financial position and other

items that require significant judgement and decided to

note the following:

• Inventory valuation in terms of obsolescence:

The net realisable value of each individual inventory item

is subject to high levels of judgement and estimation

uncertainty

• Valuation of trade and other loan receivables

(IFRS 9 Financial Instruments):

Although calculations are being used, assumptions were

still applied in the historical and forward looking variables

of the calculations

• Goodwill impairment testing:

High level of judgement is applied in assessing the

impairment of goodwill.

123

Mustek Integrated Annual Report 2020:

letter of credit for Intel International BV for USD0.5 million.

• R5.768 million guarantee of payment in favour of Department of Customs and Excise, South African Revenue Service

• R30 million guarantee of payment in favour of First National Bank on behalf of Sizwe Africa IT Group Proprietary Limited.

Legal disputes

Insurance settlement

One of Mustek’s biggest debtors went into business rescue in the latter part of 2017 and an amount of R20.0 million

was outstanding after receiving an insurance settlement from its credit insurer. The R20 million was secured with a

guarantee that was disputed by the insurance company that issued the guarantee.

On 29 July 2019, judgement was handed down in the legal dispute with an insurance company that related to the

validity and enforceability of a guarantee issued by an insurance company in favour of Mustek and the High Court

ruled in favour of the insurance company. The after-tax effect of R12.6 million was fully accounted for in the

30 June 2019 financial statements.

Following the above judgement, Mustek sought advice from new counsel and in January 2020 instituted action afresh

(on a different legal basis) against the insurance company, the underwriting company and the individual involved in the

transaction. Counsel believes there is good prospects of success in the matter.:

