letter

20 MD & CEO's message

24 Board of Directors

26 Fortifying our leadership position

Introduction:

letter

20 MD & CEO's message

24 Board of Directors

26 Fortifying our leadership position

Beyond

the

ordinary:

Chairman's letter

I must acknowledge the tremendous efforts of

the entire management team at Asian Paints

which continued to execute the business plans

against the backdrop of a very dynamic business

environment and made progress on the priority

of driving sustainable growth.": Dear Shareholders,

In my letter in last year’s Integrated Annual Report, I

alluded to the challenging times ahead amid economic

uncertainty, multi-decade high inflation, and geopolitical

tensions. These factors had the potential to dampen

demand across industries and only organisations staying

true to their core vision while seizing the opportunities to

reinvent themselves, would thrive.

As we conclude the year and take stock, I am enormously

proud of what your Company has achieved in this period.

Amidst an uncertain economic and demand environment,

we have continued to grow and evolve the business

and your Company has delivered yet another year of

stellar performance despite the many challenges. In

this journey, we have remained true to the Asian Paints

Charter of bringing joy to people’s lives, curating dreams,

and weaving a pioneering and energising world for

our customers.

Delivering on the promise of performance

Against the backdrop of record-high input cost inflation

and demand conditions in the process of normalisation,

the agile leadership team at Asian Paints delivered on their

promise of a strong performance.

I must acknowledge the tremendous efforts of the entire

management team at Asian Paints which continued to

execute the business plans against the backdrop of a very

dynamic business environment and made progress on the

priority of driving sustainable growth. Their dedication,

resilience and focus on results helped drive the Company

forward as we navigated through a challenging external

environment, excelling the Asian Paints Way.

Innovation is the backbone of our Company and the key to

our sustained leadership position and success. As markets

evolve, aspirations shift, and customer requirements

change, our innovation engine keeps churning out new

value propositions. We continued to bring innovative ideas

to life for our consumers all through this year. These new

value propositions kept the growth energised and also

contributed to a substantial part of the topline revenue.

The Company has taken a quantum leap in the area of

services, and we have been able to leverage our Safe

Painting Service to accomplish the dreams of lakhs of

customers across the length and breadth of this country.

Our foray in home décor has been performing well. We

have been able to take the initiative of ‘Beautiful Homes‘

forward - through digital, service, and physical stores

so that we are able to offer our customers their dream

homes. We have extended our offerings through our

recently formulated partnerships with both White Teak

and Weatherseal - in the decorative and designer lighting

and uPVC windows and door systems space, respectively.

We remain focused on delivering a truly seamless and

interconnected experience to all our customers.

On the international front, we continued to work on

creating unique product and service offerings for our

customers, improving our performance in the process.

We have continued to make big strides in the industrial

coatings segment in India delivering a strong revenue

growth with enhanced profitability for the year.

Committed to sustainability

Responsible business practices remain at the core of all

that we do at Asian Paints. Sustainability has long been

integrated into our decision-making process across the

board to mitigate risks, maximise opportunities, create

long-lasting operating models, and effect positive

change thereby creating value for all our stakeholders.

In recent years, we have seen a significant increase in

the inclusion of Environmental, Social, and Governance

(ESG) aspects in businesses globally as well as in

India. Our key focus has been providing consumers

with environmentally sustainable products, resource

conservation and replenishment and taking initiatives

on community outreach in the areas of health

and livelihood.

Strong corporate governance has been a hallmark of

our organisation and we hold ourselves to account to

continuously strengthen this area further. We subject

each and every business process through a stringent

review procedure and strive to raise the bar.

Road ahead

The challenges of the past few years have made us

a better and stronger company. We have grown and

evolved across many facets and have now initiated a

slew of strategic steps to further push your Company’s

performance trajectory. However, a sound strategy

does not by itself underwrite success. The arduous and

equally important task of putting strategies into action

and thus creating brilliant performances out of bright

ideas demands an organisation that is responsive and

full of energy. Our people and their unbridled passion for

customer-centricity give us an unparalleled competitive

advantage here.

Throughout your Company’s rich legacy, we have seen

many changes and overcome several challenges treating

each challenge as an opportunity to evolve. We have

always emerged stronger and better, always enhancing

the brand ‘Asian Paints’ saliency pushing ourselves to stay

relevant to the evolving customer needs.

This financial year will bring out its own set of unique

challenges, but I firmly believe that the Company is well-

positioned strategically to continue being the partner

of choice for customers. We will continue to leverage

our distinct competitive advantages to capitalise on

compelling growth opportunities and deliver a unique

value proposition in the market.

As we look ahead, your Company is committed to creating

unprecedented value for the customers and ensuring that

we enrich our leadership by staying ahead in the market

across segments and new forays. I am proud of what we

have accomplished together and even more excited about

what is still to come. Asian Paints remains steadfast in

its commitment towards sustained value creation for all

stakeholders. Our future is bright, and the spectrum of

possibilities is immense!

Warm regards,

Deepak Satwalekar

Dear Shareholders,

Globally, FY 2022-23 has been a year of significant

challenges amidst the continuation of the raging war in

Ukraine and other growing geopolitical tensions to the

lingering impact of COVID-19. The effect of mounting

inflation and tightening monetary policy was felt by many

advanced economies, resulting in volatile markets that

caused economic uncertainty.

Amid this volatility and inflationary environment, I am

immensely proud of how we continued to build on our

legacy of not only being a leader in the decorative paints

segment but also diversifying into the area of home

décor which has complemented our efforts to enlarge the

consumption of paint and décor in India. As a Company, we

delivered robust results for the year along with altering

the services paradigm by scaling and innovating our Safe

Painting and Beautiful Home Services.

Our performance in Industrial Paints has been one of the

best in the last decade leveraging our partnership with

PPG Industries Inc. of USA. We have also embarked upon

certain key strategic steps to enable our next growth

milestone prioritising investments that will differentiate

us and further enhance ‘Asian Paints’ brand saliency with

our customers.

Decorative business, India

We delivered a double-digit volume and value growth

in the Decorative business taking multiple steps to

expand the market and also gain from the organised and

unorganised segments of the market through our distinct

product and service offerings. We saw some downtrading

due to the calibrated price increases we took over the last

two years. We also saw an increased portion of economy

products in our mix as it has been a conscious effort from

our side to expand the market and make stronger inroads

in the bottom of the pyramid segment tapping into this

demand through affordable value propositions.

We ended the year with a presence across more than

1.5 Lakhs retail touchpoints widening our distribution

network across the growing footprint of smaller cities and

towns. Our safe painting and trusted contractor services

are the largest of its kind painting service in the world

and are now available across more than 600 towns. We

also continued to drive the innovation quotient further

launching a range of new products and bringing out some

‘first of its kind’ propositions for our discerning customers.

Our projects and institutional business maintained

their high growth trajectory in FY 2022-23. Demand was

particularly strong from the construction segment and

the factory segments, which was further boosted by the

increased Government spending on infrastructure. This

growth has also helped to drive our expansion in the

waterproofing and construction chemicals areas, a trend

we see continuing in the year ahead as well. Our SmartCare

waterproofing range of products has seen robust growth

helping us establish ourselves as one of the largest players

in this category.

Brand equity

We continued to invest in the Brand ‘Asian Paints’. Our

foray into digital and various areas of social media has kept

the saliency of the brand high. One of our key initiatives

of ‘Where the Heart is’, in its season 6, continued to give

wings to the emotional quotient of ‘Har Ghar Kuch Kehta

Hai’.

For almost a decade, Asian Paints has collaborated with

St+art India Foundation to democratise art and transform

urban landscapes in India. Our partnership continues

to thrive with the goal of making art more accessible

to everyone. Together, we are truly proud of the 6 art

districts and around 400+ murals that had a meaningful

impact on communities across the country over the years.

This year, we embarked on one of our most formidable

projects. We joined forces for the Mumbai Urban Art

Festival and you will see more of the wonderful work we

accomplished together in the inner pages of this report.

Our main focus is to support the

customers in every step of the way

through her entire homemaking

journey, making the process joyous

and as smooth and efficient as

possible."

We delivered a double-digit volume

and value growth in the Decorative

business taking multiple steps to

expand the market and also gain

from the organised and unorganised

segments of the market through our

distinct product and service offerings."

The Asian Paints Management team has been the biggest

asset in driving this performance and we are proud that

we have nurtured a strong, determined, and dedicated

team which continues to invest their energy in ensuring

that your Company continues to create lasting value for

all stakeholders.

FY 2022-23 in review: Looking back

at the year that was

We delivered on our promise of industry-beating growth

for the year despite challenging conditions with demand

facing headwinds in the form of extended monsoons and

shortened festive season period. Further, persistently high

inflation impacted consumer sentiments across segments

and price points. As a leading company, we implemented

some calibrated and gradual price hikes which helped us

protect the overall demand sentiment. We were also able

to launch new customer propositions and innovations

across segments which helped us in galvanising the overall

demand. Towards the latter half of FY 2022-23, we started

seeing some softening in raw material prices and coupled

with some great work on cost efficiencies by our R&T and

Supply Chain teams we were able to shore up the profit

margins in the second half of the year.

Home Décor business

Our evolution from share of surface to share of space has

grown from strength to strength this year. We are moving

well on our stated objective to make this business about

8 to 10% of our overall decorative business, including

home décor services, by FY 2025-26. Our main focus is to

support the customers every step of the way through her

entire homemaking journey, making the process joyous

and as smooth and efficient as possible. With its natural

synergy with our decorative coatings product offerings,

this segment will make Asian Paints a key partner in our

customer’s décor life journey in creating ‘Beautiful Homes’.

We offer a unique ‘phygital’ experience to our customers

in this segment i.e. both physical and digital. We now

have a large network of Beautiful Homes Stores across

31 cities and our flagship Beautiful Homes Service – an

end-to-end home interior design and execution offering,

is now available in 13 cities. Our inspiration portal

‘beautifulhomes.com’ is visited by around 50 Lakhs

visitors and has 1.5 Lakhs Instagram followers, generating

numerous leads. With our omnichannel presence, we not

only offer bespoke home décor concepts to our customers

but also partner with her in bringing these concepts to life,

turning their dreams homes into reality.

Both our Bath and Kitchen segments are shaping up well.

Our bath business has remained profitable over the last six

quarters while our kitchen business has crossed the ₹ 100

Crores mark in revenues every quarter this year.

We established strong partnerships last year with both

White Teak and Weatherseal, two established names in

the decorative and designer lighting and uPVC windows

and door systems space. These partnerships have grown

and scaled up well over the year benefitting from the

integration with our Beautiful Homes Stores network.

MD & CEO's message

Asian Paints Limited

21

20

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Overview

ESG commitments

Fundamentals

Strengthening our capitals

Statutory reports

Financial statements:

Managing Director & CEO

We have established targets for ourselves

through 2030 across the areas of ESG. We

will annually report progress on these targets

to update all stakeholders on our ongoing

initiatives."

Asian Paints Limited

23

22

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Overview

ESG commitments

Fundamentals

Strengthening our capitals

Statutory reports

Financial statements:

Managing Director & CEO

M

M

M

Malav Dani

Non-Executive Director

C

C

M

Jigish Choksi

Non-Executive Director

M

Vibha Paul Rishi

Independent Director

M

R Seshasayee

Independent Director

C

M

M

Milind Sarwate

Independent Director

Chairperson

Member

Audit Committee Stakeholders Relationship Committee Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

M

M

M

M

M

C

M

Nomination and Renumeration Committee Risk Management Committee Investment Committee

Board of Directors

C

M

M

M

Suresh Narayanan

Independent Director

Ashwin Dani

Non-Executive Director

Deepak Satwalekar

Chairman/Independent Director

Pallavi Shroff

Independent Director

Amrita Vakil

Non-Executive Director

C

Asian Paints Limited

25

24

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Overview

ESG commitments

Fundamentals

Strengthening our capitals

Statutory reports

Financial statements:

Managing Director & CEO

Asian Paints Limited

27

26

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Overview

ESG commitments

Fundamentals

Strengthening our capitals

Statutory reports

Financial statements:

Managing Director & CEO to undertake

forward-thinking, paradigm-changing projects

that ignite inspiration and foster the growth of

leadership skills.

*GRI 2-9 Governance structure and composition

#GRI 2-11 Chair of the highest governance body | **GRI 405-1 Diversity of governance bodies

@GRI 2-9 Governance structure and composition

Oversees specialised areas of operations,

and provides recommendation based

on expertise

Implement policies and procedures,

manages everyday operations

7 years

Average tenure of Board of Directors@

69%

41

23

20

9

7

54%

46%

69%

69%

31%

31%

31%

Read more on skill matrix of our Directors on

page no. 24

Insight into Board discussions

MANAGEMENT

The: Managing

Managing Director & CEO, inter alia, include revenue growth, specific targets for

focused products, market share, ESG priorities, employee engagement & collaboration score, and people development &

succession planning for senior management.

AA

Leader

GOOD

B*

CDP Climate

Change score

MSCI ESG

ratings

IiAS Corporate

Governance score

Fostering competition: We support fair competition and

the promotion of liberalisation of trade and investment

in the countries where we operate. We compete

vigorously yet fairly and in full compliance with anti-trust/

competition laws. We build brand loyalty by delivering

quality products and by providing superior services,

tailored to the needs of our customers. We do not engage

in activities that constitute restrictive practices, abuse

of market dominance, collusion with competitors or any

unfair trade activities to secure undue advantage.

90% of the intended employees attended training and

awareness sessions on fair trade practices.

PREVENTION OF INSIDER TRADING

Designated Persons are prohibited from dealing in the

shares of Asian Paints Limited when in possession of

unpublished price sensitive information or when the

trading window is closed. Our Code of Conduct for

prevention of insider trading helps Designated Persons

with compliance with laws relating to dealing in securities

of Asian Paints.

Governance that creates value

3rd

Integrated Annual Report

8th

Year of sustainability

reporting

^GRI 205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken

Asian Paints Limited

43

42

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Overview

ESG commitments

Fundamentals

Strengthening our capitals

Statutory reports

Financial statements:

Letter, etc. authorising them to attend the AGM, by

email to investor.relations@asianpaints.com.:

Letter by clicking on ‘Upload

Board Resolution/Authority: Letter’ displayed

under ‘e-voting’ tab in their login screen to the

website of NSDL at www.evoting.nsdl.com or send

a scanned copy (PDF/JPG format) of the relevant

Board Resolution/Authority Letter, etc. with

attested specimen signature of the duly authorised

signatory(ies) who are authorised to vote, to the

Scrutinizer at asianpaints.scrutinizer@asianpaints.com

with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in.

Process for dispatch of Integrated Annual Report

and registration of email id for obtaining a copy

of the same

7.

In compliance with the Circulars, Notice of the

AGM along with the Integrated Annual Report

for the financial year 2022-23 is being sent only

through electronic mode to those members whose

email addresses are registered with the Company/

Depository Participants (“DPs”).

In case any Member is desirous of obtaining

physical copy of the Integrated Annual Report for

the financial year 2022-23 and Notice of the

77th AGM of the Company, he/she may send a

request to the Company by writing at

investor.relations@asianpaints.com or TSR

Consultants Private Limited (“TSR”), Company’s

Registrar and Share Transfer Agent (“RTA”) at

csg-annualreports@tcplindia.co.in mentioning

their DP ID and Client ID/folio no.

Members may note that the Notice and the

Integrated Annual Report for the financial year

2022-23 will also be available on the Company’s

website at www.asianpaints.com, websites of the

Stock Exchanges on which the equity shares of

the Company are listed i.e. BSE Limited at

www.bseindia.com and National Stock Exchange

of India Limited at www.nseindia.com, and on the

website of NSDL at www.evoting.nsdl.com.

8.

Process for registration of email addresses for

obtaining Notice of the AGM along with the Integrated

Annual Report for the financial year 2022-23:

If your email address is not registered with the DPs

(for shares held in demat form)/Company (for shares

held in physical form), you may register the same on

or before 5.00 p.m. IST on Monday, 19th June, 2023

to receive the Notice of the AGM along with the

Integrated Annual Report for the financial year

2022-23 by completing the process as under:

a.

Visit the link https://tcpl.linkintime.co.in/

EmailReg/Email_Register.html.

b.

Select the name of the Company ‘Asian Paints

Limited’ from dropdown.

c.

Enter details in respective fields such as DP ID

and Client ID (for shares held in demat form)/

folio no. and certificate no. (for shares held in

physical form), Shareholder name, PAN, mobile

no., and email id.

d.

Click on continue button.

e.

System will send One Time Password (“OTP”) on

the mobile no. and email id.

f.

Click on verify OTP.

g.

Enter OTP received on mobile no. and email id

and click on submit.

After successful submission of the email address,

NSDL will email a copy of this AGM Notice along with

the Integrated Annual Report for the financial year

2022-23. In case of any queries, members may write to

csg-unit@tcplindia.co.in or evoting@nsdl.co.in.

9.

Members seeking any information with regard

to any matter to be placed at the AGM, are

requested to write to the Company at

investor.relations@asianpaints.com.

Procedure for joining the 77th AGM through VC/

OAVM

10. Members may note that the VC/OAVM facility,

allows participation of at least 1,000 (One thousand)

members on a first-come-first-served basis and shall

open 30 minutes before the time scheduled for the

AGM.

11. Members will be provided with a facility to attend

the AGM through VC/OAVM through the NSDL

e-voting system. Members may access the same by

following the steps mentioned at note no. 17(d).

After successful login, members can click on the

link “VC/OAVM link” placed under “Join Meeting”

tab against Company name. The link for VC/OAVM

will be available in Shareholder/Member login

where the EVEN (124023) of the Company will be

displayed.

12. Members who do not have the User ID and Password

for e-voting or have forgotten the User ID and

Password may retrieve the same by following the

remote e-voting instructions mentioned in this

Notice.

13. Members who need assistance before and during

the AGM, can contact Mr. Amit Vishal, Assistant

Vice President, NSDL, or Ms. Pallavi Mhatre, Senior

Manager, NSDL, at evoting@nsdl.co.in or call on toll

free nos.: (022) 4886 7000 or (022) 2499 7000.

Overview

ESG commitments

Fundamentals

Strengthening our capitals

Statutory reports

Financial statements

145

Procedure to raise questions/seek clarifications

with respect to Integrated Annual Report at the

ensuing 77th AGM of the Company

14. Members are encouraged to express their views/

send their queries in advance mentioning their

name, DP ID and Client ID/folio no., email id,

mobile no. at investor.relations@asianpaints.com.

Questions/queries received by the Company till

5.00 p.m. IST on Sunday, 25th June, 2023, shall only

be considered and responded during the AGM.

15. Members who would like to express their views

or ask questions during the AGM may register

themselves as a speaker, by following the steps

mentioned at note no. 17(d) “Step 1: Access to NSDL

e-voting system” between 9.00 a.m. IST on

Friday, 23rd June, 2023 to 5.00 p.m. IST on

Sunday, 25th June, 2023. After successful login,

members will be able to register themselves as a

speaker Shareholder by clicking on the link available

against the EVEN (124023) of the Company.

16. The Company reserves the right to restrict the

number of questions and number of speakers,

depending on the availability of time for the AGM.

17. Procedure for remote e-voting and e-voting

during the AGM

a.

All the shareholders of the Company are

encouraged to attend and vote in the AGM to

be held through VC/OAVM.

b.

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of

the Act read with Rule 20 of the Companies

(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014

and Regulation 44 of the Listing Regulations,

(including any statutory modification(s) and/

or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being

in force), the Company is providing facility of

remote e-voting to its members in respect of

the business to be transacted at the AGM. For

this purpose, the Company has entered into

an agreement with NSDL for facilitating voting

through electronic means, as the authorised

agency. The facility of casting votes by a

Member using remote e-voting system as well

as e-voting on the date of the AGM will be

provided by NSDL.

c.

The remote e-voting period will commence on

Friday, 23rd June, 2023 at 9.00 a.m. IST and

will end on Monday, 26th June, 2023 at

5.00 p.m. IST. During this period, members

holding shares either in physical form or in

dematerialised form, as on Tuesday,

20th June, 2023 i.e. cut-off date, may cast their

vote electronically. The e-voting module shall

be disabled by NSDL for voting thereafter. A

person who is not a Member as on the cut-off

date should treat this Notice for information

purpose only.

Members have the option to cast their vote

on any of the resolutions using the remote

e-voting facility either during the period

commencing from Friday, 23rd June, 2023 to

Monday, 26th June, 2023 or e-voting during the

AGM.

Members who have cast their votes by remote

e-voting prior to the AGM may also attend/

participate in the AGM through VC/OAVM but

they shall not be entitled to cast their votes again.

Further, members who have voted on some

of the resolutions during the remote e-voting

period are also eligible to vote on the remaining

resolutions during the AGM.

d.

The details of the process and manner for

remote e-voting are explained herein below:

Step 1: Access to NSDL e-voting system

Step 2: Cast your vote electronically and join

virtual meeting on NSDL e-voting system.

Details of Step 1 are mentioned below:

I.

Login method for e-voting and joining virtual meeting for individual shareholders holding securities in

demat mode

Pursuant to SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated 9th December, 2020 on ‘e-voting facility

provided by Listed Companies’, e-voting process has been enabled to all the individual demat account holders,

by way of single login credential, through their demat accounts/websites of Depositories/DPs in order to

increase the efficiency of the voting process. Individual demat account holders would be able to cast their vote

without having to register again with the E-voting Service Provider (“ESP”) thereby not only facilitating seamless

authentication but also ease and convenience of participating in e-voting process. Shareholders are advised to

update their mobile no. and email id in their demat accounts in order to access e-voting facility.

Managing Director, Non-Executive Vice Chairman

and Non-Executive Chairman. He is presently a

Non-Executive Director on the Board of the

Company. At Asian Paints, Mr. Ashwin Dani has

been responsible for the development and

introduction of many new products for the first

time in India.

He pioneered the idea of computerised colour

matching in the Indian industry. This concept is now

widely used across industries in the field of paints,

plastics, printing inks and textiles. Asian Paints was

the first paint company in Asia, to implement this

concept way back in 1975. He was also instrumental

in setting up the 50:50 joint venture between

Asian Paints Limited and PPG Industries Inc., USA,

for industrial coatings. He was the founder Director

on the Board of the first joint venture company

with PPG Industries Inc., which is currently in its

26th year of operation. He also played an important

role in shifting the packaging of water thinnable

paints for decorative purpose from metal to plastic

containers.

Mr. Dani is a technocrat and drives strong focus

on Research and Development initiatives in line

with consumer requirements within the Company.

His knowledge of the business environment and

vast experience in general management has

been an asset to the Company. He is passionate

about developing talent in the Company and was

instrumental in introducing many management

graduates across all fields in the Company.

He was the founder promoter of Loctite India

Private Limited which is now known as Henkel

Adhesives Technologies India Private Limited.

Throughout his career, he has been associated

with various government and trade bodies like

the President’s Advisory Council of the University

of Akron, Akron, Ohio, USA, The Central Board

of Trustees – Employees Provident Fund of the

Government of India, Vice President of the

Ms. Amrita Vakil began her career at Asian Paints

Limited in the year 2003 in the Human Resource

department. She was responsible for end-to-end

training of the executives cadre of the Company.

She was also instrumental in the launch of

employees’ intranet portal of the Company.

In the year 2005, she joined Frost & Sullivan, an

American Consulting company as a Senior HR

Executive and managed a Generalist HR profile.

She handled HR operations for all their India &

Middle East offices. She spent a total of 5 (five)

years at Frost and Sullivan and then moved on

to pursue her passion in the hospitality sector.

Ms. Vakil is also an avid angel investor with

particular interest in investing in start-ups.

Ms. Amrita Vakil holds:

•

Bachelor’s of Science Degree in Human

Resources

•

Economics Degree from Michigan State

University, East Lansing, Michigan.

Overview

ESG commitments

Fundamentals

Strengthening our capitals

Statutory reports

Financial statements

155

Name of the Director(s)

Ashwin Dani

(DIN: 00009126)

Amrita Vakil

(DIN: 00170725)

Brief resume along

with experience

and qualifications

(Contd.)

Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce

& Industry (“FICCI”), Board of Governors of the

UDCT {now known as the Institute of Chemical

Technology (“ICT”)} Alumni Association, Board of

Management of ICT, Mumbai.

Mr. Ashwin Dani is the recipient of several awards

and recognitions for his work. To name a few,

‘Lifetime Achievement Award’ by CNBC-TV18’s India

Business Leader Awards (“ILBA”) in April, 2022,

‘The B. Krishnamurthy Award of Excellence’ by the

Hyderabad Management Association and Centre

for Organisational Development in September,

2017, ‘Businessman of the Year’ award in 2015 by

Business India magazine, ‘Lifetime Achievement

Award’ by Indian Paint Association (“IPA”) in 2011,

‘Achiever of the year award – chemical industry’

by the Chemtech foundation in 2003, Ernst &

Young Entrepreneur of the year award in the

‘Manufacturing’ category in November, 2003 and

the ‘Cheminor Award’ from the Indian Institute of

Materials Management for excellence in Supply

Chain Management in 2002.

He has held Independent directorships on the

Board of several leading listed Indian companies

and practices yoga regularly.

Mr. Ashwin Dani holds:

•

Bachelor’s Degree in Science (Hons.)

•

Bachelor’s Degree in Paint Technology,

ICT (formerly UDCT)

•

Masters’ Degree in Polymer Science,

from the University of Akron, USA.

Expertise in specific

functional areas

Mr. Ashwin Dani had worked and developed

expertise across all functions within the Company

including Research & Technology, Sales &

Marketing, Strategy, Supply Chain Management

and Business Management, besides being one of

the best paint technocrats in the country

Sales & Marketing, Human Resources, General

Management and Finance

Date of first

appointment on the

Board

1st April, 2009 (as an Additional Non-Executive

Director. Appointed as Non-Executive Director

w.e.f. 26th June, 2009, by the shareholders at the

AGM held on 26th June, 2009)

14th May, 2014 (as an Additional Non-Executive

Director. Appointed as Non-Executive Director

w.e.f. 26th June, 2014, by the shareholders at the

AGM held on 26th June, 2014)

Shareholding in the

Company as on the

date of Notice (self

and beneficial basis)

11,24,870 equity shares of face value of ` 1 each

(0.12% of the paid-up share capital of the Company)

25,66,680 equity shares of face value of ` 1 each

(0.27% of the paid-up share capital of the Company)

Terms and conditions

of re-appointment

Non-Executive Director, liable to retire by rotation

Non-Executive Director, liable to retire by rotation:

Managing Director & CEO

The shareholders of the Company at their

76th AGM held on 29th June, 2022, based on the

(i) recommendations of the Board of Directors,

Nomination and Remuneration Committee and Audit

Committee; and (ii) considering the expertise of

Mr. Amit Syngle (DIN: 07232566) in the Company’s

business and his exceptional leadership and strong

performance, had approved his re-appointment

as the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO. He participates in the

meetings of the Audit Committee and Risk Management

Committee. The Audit Committee met the Internal

Auditor without the presence of the other members of

the management during the year under review.

The Chief Internal Auditor shares his findings on financial,

safety, information security, compliance and reporting

risks on an annual basis with the Audit Committee along

with the exceptions report and mitigation plan.

During the year under review, the Audit Committee

revised the Internal Audit Charter, inter alia, to further

enhance the governance mechanism, and elaborated the

scope of work of the internal audit function, specify the

reporting structure of Chief Internal Auditor, elaborate

the authority and responsibilities of the Chief Internal

Auditor.:

Managing Director & CEO of the

Company has not received any remuneration or

commission from any of the subsidiary companies.

Further, the Company doesn’t have any holding

company, hence, there does not arise a circumstance

of any remuneration or commission from holding

company.

The information required under Section 197 of the

Act read with the Companies (Appointment and

Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 in

respect of Directors and employees of the Company is

set out in Annexure (C) to this Report.

BOARD EVALUATION

The Nomination and Remuneration Policy of the

Company empowers the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee to formulate a process for effective

evaluation of the performance of individual Directors,

Committees of the Board and the Board as a whole.

The criteria for the evaluation and the outcomes

thereto are set out in the Corporate Governance Report

forming part of this Integrated Annual Report.:

letter:

1.

Maintenance of secretarial records is the

responsibility of the management of the Company.

My responsibility is to express an opinion on these

secretarial records based on my audit.

2.

I have followed the audit practices and processes as

were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance

about the correctness of the contents of the

secretarial records. The verification was done

on test-check basis to ensure that correct facts

are reflected in secretarial records. I believe that

the process and practices I followed provide a

reasonable basis for my opinion.

3.

I have not verified the correctness and

appropriateness of financial records and books of

accounts of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, I have obtained Management

Representation about the compliance of laws, rules

and regulations and happening of events, etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of corporate and

other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards

is the responsibility of management. My examination

was limited to the verification of procedures on

test-check basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an

assurance as to future viability of the Company

nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which

the management has conducted the affairs of the

Company.

Dr. K. R. Chandratre

FCS No.: 1370, C. P. No.: 5144

Place: Pune

Date: 11 May 2023

UDIN: F001370E000292463

Peer Review Certificate No.: 1206/2021

I have also examined compliance with the applicable

clauses of the following:

(i)

Secretarial Standards with respect to Meetings of

the Board of Directors (SS-1) and General Meetings

(SS-2) issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries

of India; and

(ii) Listing Agreements entered into by the Company

with BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of

India Limited read with the Securities and Exchange

Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

During the period under review, the Company has

complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules,

Regulations, Guidelines, Standards, etc. mentioned

above.

I further report that

The Board of Directors of the Company is duly

constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors,

Non-Executive Directors and Independent Directors. The

changes in the composition of the Board of Directors that

took place during the period under review were carried

out in compliance with the provisions of the Act.

Adequate notice is given to all directors to schedule the

Board meetings, agenda and detailed notes on agenda

were generally sent at least seven days in advance,

and a system exists for seeking and obtaining further

information and clarifications on the agenda items

before the meeting and for meaningful participation at

the meeting.

All decisions at the Board meetings and Committee

meetings were carried out unanimously as recorded in

the minutes of the meetings of the Board of Directors or

Committees of the Board, as the case may be.

I further report that there are adequate systems and

processes in the Company commensurate with the size

and operations of the Company to monitor and ensure

compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and

guidelines.

I further report that during the audit period no specific

events/actions took place having a major bearing on the

Company’s affairs in pursuance of the above referred

laws, rules, regulations, guidelines, standards, etc.

Dr. K. R. Chandratre

FCS No.: 1370, C. P. No.: 5144

Place: Pune

Date: 11 May 2023

UDIN: F001370E000292463

Peer Review Certificate No.: 1206/2021

This report is to be read with my: letter of even date which is annexed

as Annexure and forms an integral part of this report.

Managing Director & CEO

18,40,33,160

154.53

33.83

5.

Malav Dani

Non-Executive Director

56,80,000

4.77

14.75

6.

Amrita Vakil

Non-Executive Director

54,80,000

4.60

20.44

7.

Jigish Choksi

Non-Executive Director

52,80,000

4.43

19.19

8.

Nehal Vakil

Non-Executive Director

51,60,000

4.33

@

9.

Vibha Paul Rishi

Independent Director

63,20,000

5.31

32.49

10.

R Seshasayee

Independent Director

65,60,000

5.51

13.49

11.

Suresh Narayanan

Independent Director

61,80,000

5.19

13.81

12.

Pallavi Shroff

Independent Director

55,20,000

4.64

24.04

13.

Milind Sarwate

Independent Director

62,80,000

5.27

@

14.

R J Jeyamurugan**

CFO & Company Secretary

3,69,25,647

31.01

20.74

Notes:

1.

The aforesaid details are calculated on the basis of remuneration for the financial year 2022-23 and include sitting fees paid to

Directors during the financial year.

2.

The remuneration to Directors is within the overall limits approved by the shareholders of the Company.

3.

@ Percentage increase/decrease in remuneration is not reported as they were holding Directorship for the part of the financial

year 2021-22.

4.

* The remuneration paid to Mr. Amit Syngle,: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

14,660

20,470

-

20,292^

-

-

2.

Aashish Kshetry

Vice President – Systems

1,790

1,720

-

2,594

-

-

3.

Alok Agrawal

General Manager – Internal Audit & Risk

720

920

-

827

-

42

4.

Amit Kumar Singh

Associate Vice President – Corporate

Affairs & CSR

1,670

2,060

-

1,942

-

-

5.

Amit Rajde

Associate Vice President – Project

Sales

1,310

1,720

91

1,942

-

-

6.

Ashish Rae

Associate Vice President – Home

Improvement

1,310

2,060

-

1,942

-

-

7.

Gagandeep Kalsi

Associate Vice President – Strategy,

Business Development

1,310

1,720

-

1,028

558

-

8.

Harish Lade

Vice President – Supply Chain

2,850

2,740

-

2,594

-

-

9.

Hiral Kumar Raja

Associate Vice President – Accounts,

SSC & Taxation

840

920

28

1,942

-

-

10.

Joseph Eapen

Associate Vice President – Asian Paints

International Private Limited, wholly

owned subsidiary company

1,310

800

37

1,942

-

-

11.

Pragyan Kumar

Chief Executive – Asian Paints

International Private Limited, wholly

owned subsidiary company

2,850

2,740

59

3,329

-

-

12.

Rahul Bhatnagar

President – Project Sales, R&T,

Industrial JVs

3,920

1,720

136

5,083

-

-

13.

Rajeev Kumar Goel

Senior Vice President – Technology

2,850

1,720

-

2,594

-

-

14.

R J Jeyamurugan

CFO & Company Secretary

2,850

2,740

-

2,594

-

-

15.

Sameer Salvi

Vice President – Backward Integration

Business, Mantech & Strategy

2,140

1,260

-

1,942

-

-

16.

Savitha Shivsankar

Chief Human Resources Officer

-

-

543

3,329

-

-

17.

Shyam Swamy

Vice President – Home Improvement,

Decor, Services & Retailing

1,724

2,860

-

1,942

-

-

18.

Vishu Goel

Associate Vice President – Retail Sales,

Commercial & Marketing

840

1,260

-

1,028

558

-

* Grants have been revised basis performance for the financial year 2021-22, in financial year 2022-23 as per the 2021 Plan.

# This is a provisional grant for the financial year 2022-23 and basis satisfaction of performance condition of vesting, number of stock options

to be granted will be revised.

$ Additional grants issued on account of promotions and appointments made during the financial year 2022-23, in accordance with the 2021 Plan.

@ Stock options granted was more than 5% of the stock options granted during the year.

^ Indicates provisional grant of stock options. The actual number of stock options as determined by the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee will be considered post adoption of the financial statements for the financial year 2022-23 by the shareholders at the ensuing

Annual General Meeting of the Company.

Notes:

1.

The exercise price of Grants 1 & 2 is ₹ 1,518.70, Grant 3 is ₹ 1,632.53, Grant 4 is ₹ 1,478.00, Grant 5 is ₹ 1,706.00 and Grant 7 is ₹ 1,412.00

per stock option. The exercise price of stock options granted to eligible employees is at 50% of the “Reference Share Price” of the

Company, as defined under the 2021 Plan.

2.

No stock options were granted under Grant 6 to the senior managerial personnel.

Overview

ESG commitments

Fundamentals

Strengthening our capitals

Statutory reports

Financial statements

187

1.

Brief outline of CSR Policy

Harmonious relationships and responsible growth

have been our guiding principles for over

80 years of existence of the Company.

Standing true to the Company’s Charter value of

bringing joy to people’s lives, the Company’s CSR

vision is based on embedded tenets of trust,

fairness and care to maximise efforts in this regard.

The Company recognises the vital role played by

local communities in its growth and believes in

contributing to their well-being. The Company’s

CSR activities enrich and empower marginalised

communities, addressing critical social, economic,

and environmental challenges. Through our

initiatives, we aim to enable communities to grow

and create value.

The Company’s CSR philosophy is based on the

keystones of:

a.

actively initiating and participating in projects

that together makes it the local lighthouse for

the region which significantly improves the lives

of the people where it operates and is present

b.

providing vocational training and impart skilling

to enhance the livelihood and skills of people

who are primarily from the unorganised sector

c.

commitment to create social and economic

value as a corporate citizen and encourage

employees to participate and contribute to our

various CSR programmes

d.

managing Company’s operations using

principles of sustainable development to

minimise resource footprint and protect health

& safety of all the stakeholders.

As a reflection of our commitment, the Company

has adopted Environmental, Social and Governance

(“ESG”) goals, inter alia, relating to;

a.

skilling at Colour Academies

b.

health & hygiene beneficiaries

c.

water stewardship & neutrality which will

serve as a road map to navigate forward.

The CSR Committee has identified the following

thrust areas around which the Company shall be

focusing its CSR initiatives and channelising the

resources on sustained basis:

a.

Health & Hygiene

Community Health & Hygiene is one of the

key focus area for the CSR activities of the

Company.

The health & hygiene initiatives are based on

the need to provide basic access to primary

healthcare services and preventive healthcare

practices to the communities in and around the

local area where the Company operates.

Under the health & hygiene programme, the

Company is, inter alia, running the following

projects:

i.

Static clinics

The commitment to improve community

health has led the set up of 5 static

clinics near the manufacturing locations

(Mysuru, Patancheru, Kasna, Khandala

and Visakhapatnam) of the Company, in

association with Piramal Swasthya. The

static clinics provide diagnosis and basic

health treatments to ensure everyone has

the opportunity to lead a healthy life.

ii.

Mobile Medical Units (MMUs)

The MMUs spread across 8 locations

provide consultations, free medicines,

basic diagnostics, referrals to government

hospitals, among others. MMUs have

increased accessibility to basic healthcare

in remote rural areas, while also raising

awareness among villagers and locals

about basic health & hygiene practices.

iii. Safar

Safar, one of the high priority healthcare

initiative, is directed towards improving

health awareness and medical care

facilities among truck drivers. Safar

promotes healthy trucker lifestyles with

free consultations for health issues and

awareness programs on hygiene and

sexually transmitted diseases.

ANNUAL REPORT ON CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR) ACTIVITIES

[Pursuant to Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) read with the Companies (Corporate Social

Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014]

Annexure (E) to Board’s Report:

Managing Director & CEO

4

4

Mr. R J Jeyamurugan is the Secretary to the CSR Committee.

Overview

ESG commitments

Fundamentals

Strengthening our capitals

Statutory reports

Financial statements

189

3.

Web-link(s) where composition of CSR Committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by the

Board are disclosed on the website of the Company

Sr.

No.

Particulars

Web-link(s)

i.

Composition of CSR Committee

https://www.asianpaints.com/GovernanceStructure.html

ii.

CSR Policy

https://www.asianpaints.com/CSRPolicy.html

iii.

CSR Projects

https://www.asianpaints.com/CSRProjects2022-23.html

4.

Executive summary along with web-link(s) of Impact Assessment of CSR Projects carried out in

pursuance of Rule 8(3) of the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014

The Company had appointed independent agencies to undertake impact assessment for eligible CSR activities

undertaken during the financial year 2021-22.

Below is the executive summary of the impact assessment of CSR projects carried out in pursuance of

Rule 8(3) of the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 by the independent agencies.

The detailed impact assessment report(s) can be accessed on the website of the Company at

https://www.asianpaints.com/about-us.html.

Particulars

Enhancing Vocational Skills

(Colour Academy)

Health & Hygiene

(Helpage MMU Multiyear Project)

Enhancing Vocational Skills and

Disaster Management – Covid relief

(Vidya Foundation)

Name of

independent

agency conducting

Impact Assessment

Sattva Consulting Private Limited

SoulAce Consulting Private

Limited

Ernst & Young LLP

Scope of Project

•

To provide vocational

and skills-based trainings

to painters, applicators,

carpenters and workers.

•

To enhance the employability

and improve the livelihoods

of the persons attending the

training sessions.

•

To operate Mobile Medical

Units (MMUs) and Static

Health Clinics (SHCs).

•

MMUs provide primary

healthcare services for

common diseases.

•

SHCs provide treatment

including diagnostics and

distribution of medicines.

Skill Development:

Aimed at skill development of

youth by providing a platform for

employment opportunities.

Strengthening healthcare:

Covid relief programme.

Key highlights of

impact created

Impact on trainees i.e. painters,

applicators, carpenters and

workers:

•

Intrapersonal impact: increase

in knowledge/skills and

improved decision making.

•

Interpersonal impact:

improvement in confidence

during client interactions.

•

Professional impact: learning

of skills which has demand

in market, expansion of

professional circle, improved

work quality and willingness

to learn new skills.

•

Economic impact: increase

in number of assignments

taken up, increase in monthly

income and savings.

•

Easy access to health services

at the doorstep of the

beneficiaries and has become

a preferred facility.

•

MMU doctors are preferred

for both communicable and

life threatening diseases by

the patients.

•

Change in level of awareness

about preventive healthcare

practices for common

diseases.

•

Increase in average savings per

family.

Impact through Skill

Development:

•

Professional impact: increase in

job opportunities.

•

Economic impact: increase in

monthly income due to new job/

better role/designation/new

business.

•

Social impact: confidence

in abilities, sense of pride,

family recognition, service

to community, community

recognition, teaching of other

skills.

Impact through strengthening of

healthcare:

•

Increase in confidence of

frontline workers due to timely

supply of masks, PPE kits,

sanitizers, oxygen cylinder, etc.:

Managing Director & CEO

(DIN: 07232566)

Place: Mumbai

Date: 11th May, 2023:

Managing Director & CEO and the members of the

Steering Council and One Link group.

The One Link group comprises of the General

Managers, Associate Vice Presidents, Vice Presidents,

Senior Vice Presidents, Presidents and the: Managing Director & CEO. The Managing Director & CEO

leads the group.

The Steering Council comprises the Associate Vice

Presidents, Vice Presidents, Senior Vice Presidents,

Presidents and the Managing Director & CEO.

The One Link group steers the futuristic and innovation

projects across functions and businesses which work

with the breakthrough methodology of creating long

lasting impact.

The One Link group is responsible for fulfilling the

ESG commitments at the management level and a

defined weightage has been assigned to fulfilment

of ESG commitments in the goals of the members

of the One Link group.

The Managing Director & CEO reports to the Board

and is in charge of managing the affairs of the

Company, executing business strategy in consultation

with the Board and achieving annual and long-term

business goals.

BOARD

Composition of the Board

Asian Paints’ values and believes in having a diverse

Board. A diverse Board with differences in experience,

thought, perspective, skill sets, gender and expertise

will ensure constructive deliberations and effective

decision making at the Board. The Asian Paints’ Board

has an optimum mix of Executive and Non-Executive

Directors, in line with the applicable provisions of

the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and the Listing

Regulations. All the Directors on the Board are

persons of eminence and bring a wide range of

expertise, knowledge and experience to the Board

thereby ensuring the best interest of the stakeholders

and the Company.

As on 31st March, 2023, the Board comprised of

13 (thirteen) members, 6 of which were

Independent Director(s), 6 were Non-Executive/

Promoter Director(s) and 1 Managing Director & CEO.

The

Managing Director & CEO.

While preparing the agenda, explanatory notes,

minutes of the meeting(s), adherence to the Act

and the Rules made thereunder, Listing Regulations,

Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute of

Company Secretaries of India (“ICSI”) and other

applicable laws is ensured.

With a view to ensure high standards of confidentiality

of the agenda and other Board papers and to leverage

technology and eliminate paper consumption, the

Company circulates the agenda and explanatory notes

to the Directors/Committee members, through a

web-based application which can be securely

accessed by the Directors/Committee members

through their hand-held devices, laptop, iPads and

browsers. This application meets high standards of

security that are required for storage and

transmission of documents for Board/Committee

meetings.

All material information is circulated to the

Directors before the meeting, including minimum

information required to be made available to the

Board as prescribed under Part A of Schedule II of the

Listing Regulations. With the unanimous consent of

the Board, all information which is in the nature of

Unpublished Price Sensitive Information (“UPSI”), is

circulated to the Board and its Committees at a

shorter notice before the commencement of the

meetings. The management makes concerted efforts

to continuously upgrade the information available to

the Board for decision making and the Board members

are updated on all key developments relating to the

Company.

The Company Secretary attends all the meetings of

the Board and its Committees and is, inter alia,

responsible for recording the minutes of such

meetings. The Company Executives are also invited

to join the meetings with permission of the

Chairperson(s) of the Board/Committee meetings.

The Company Executives joining the said meetings

of Board/Committee is also an opportunity for the

Board/Committee members to interact with the

members of the management.

The draft minutes of the meetings of the Board and

its Committees are sent to the members for their

comments in accordance with the Secretarial Standard

on Meetings of the Board of Directors (“SS – 1”)

issued by ICSI. Further, the certified true copy of the

minutes is also circulated to the Board and Committee(s)

in accordance with SS – 1.

The Company adheres to the provisions of the Act and

the Rules made thereunder, Secretarial Standards and

the Listing Regulations with respect to convening and

holding the meetings of the Board, its Committees

and the General Meetings of the shareholders of the

Company.

Post-meeting follow-up system

The governance processes in the Company include an

effective post-meeting follow-up, review and reporting

process for action taken report/pending for discussions

of the Board and its Committees in the subsequent

meetings.

Meetings of Independent Directors

During the financial year 2022-23, the Independent

Directors met twice. At such meetings, the Independent

Directors, inter alia, discussed and reviewed performance

of Non-Independent Directors, the Board as a whole,

Chairman of the Company and assessed the quality,

quantity and timeliness of flow of information

between the Company’s management and the Board

that is necessary for the Board to perform its duties

effectively and reasonably, succession planning of the

Independent Directors of the Board.

The details of the meetings held during the financial

year 2022-23 and meetings attended by the

Independent Directors of the Company, in person

or through video conference, is detailed below:

Name of Independent

Director(s)

Meeting dates

1

2

6th May, 2022

20th October, 2022

Deepak Satwalekar

R Seshasayee

Vibha Paul Rishi

Suresh Narayanan

Pallavi Shroff

Milind Sarwate

Attended through video conference

Attended in person

Leave of absence

Overview

ESG commitments

Fundamentals

Strengthening our capitals

Statutory reports

Financial statements

199

Declarations from Independent Directors

a.

The Company has received declarations from the

Independent Directors that they meet the criteria

of Independence stipulated under Section 149

of the Act read with Rule 5 of the Companies

(Appointment and Qualification of Directors)

Rules, 2014 and Regulations 16(1)(b), 25(1) and

25(8) of the Listing Regulations. The Independent

Directors have also confirmed that they have

registered themselves with the Independent

Director’s Database maintained by the Indian

Institute of Corporate Affairs.

b.

The Independent Directors under Regulation 25(8)

of the Listing Regulations have confirmed that

they are not aware of any circumstance or situation,

which exists or may be reasonably anticipated, that

could impair or impact their ability to discharge their

duties with an objective, independent judgement

and without any external influence.

Based on the declaration(s) received from the

Independent Directors, supported by a Certificate

from Company Secretary in practice, the Board has

confirmed the veracity of such disclosures and

confirmed that the Independent Directors fulfil the

conditions of independence specified in the Act and

the Listing Regulations and are independent of the

management of the Company.

Non-Executive Directors with materially

significant, pecuniary or business relationship

with the Company

Except for the sitting fees and commission

payable to the Non-Executive Directors annually

in accordance with the applicable laws and with

the approval of the Board and shareholders, there

is no pecuniary or business relationship

between the Non-Executive Directors and

the Company.

Mrs. Pallavi Shroff, Independent Director of the

Company, is the Joint-Managing Partner of

Shardul Amarchand Mangaldas & Co., Solicitors &

Advocates, from which the Company takes

professional services. For details pertaining to

transactions with Shardul Amarchand Mangaldas & Co.

during the financial year 2022-23, refer Note no. 38

to the standalone financial statements of the

Company forming part of this Integrated

Annual Report.

The quantum of fees paid to Shardul

Amarchand Mangaldas & Co. is an insignificant

portion of their total revenue, thus, Shardul

Amarchand Mangaldas & Co., is not construed

as having any material association with

the Company.

Key Board qualifications, expertise and attributes

The Board has identified individuals possessing wide experience and expertise in their areas of function, viz. Sales

& Marketing, International business, General management and leadership, Financial & risk management skills and

technical, professional skills and knowledge including legal, governance and regulatory aspects that allows them to

make effective contribution to the Board and its Committees.

In terms of requirements of the Listing Regulations, the Board has identified the following skills/expertise/

competencies of the Directors as on 31st March, 2023:

Sr.

No.

Name of Director(s)

Skill/Expertise/Competency

Sales & Marketing

experience:

Exposure to sales

and marketing

management

based on

understanding of

the consumers

International

business experience:

Experience in leading

businesses in different

geographies/markets

around the world and

emerging markets

exposure

General

management

and leadership:

Strategic

planning,

sustainability and

protect interest of

all stakeholders

Financial and risk

management skills:

Understanding the

financial statements

and financial

controls, systems and

processes & mergers

and acquisitions

Technical,

professional

skills and

knowledge

including legal,

governance

and regulatory

aspects

1.

Deepak Satwalekar











2.

Manish Choksi











3.

Ashwin Dani











4.

Amit Syngle











5.

Malav Dani











6.

Amrita Vakil









:

Managing Director of

Hitech Corporation Limited

-

-

Amrita Vakil

Cousin of Nehal

Vakil

25,66,680

(0.27%)

3

Non-Executive Director of

Elcid Investments Limited

-

1

Jigish Choksi

Cousin of Manish

Choksi

19,95,180

(0.21%)

-

-

-

-

Nehal Vakil

Cousin of Amrita

Vakil

57,38,489

(0.60%)

3

-

-

-

Vibha Paul Rishi

No

-

4

Independent Director of Tata Chemicals

Limited, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance

Company Limited, ICICI Bank Limited and

Piramal Pharma Limited

2

4

R Seshasayee

No

1,496

(0.00%)

1

-

-

1

Suresh Narayanan

No

-

1

Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director & CEO,

Statutory Auditors, Chief Internal Auditor, CFO

& Company Secretary and other members of the

Finance function of the Company.

Terms of reference

The Audit Committee is, inter alia, entrusted with the

following key responsibilities by the Board of Directors of

the Company:

Sr.

No.

Activities of the Committee during the year

Frequency

1.

Overseeing the Company’s financial

reporting process and reviewing, with

the management, the annual financial

statements and auditor’s report thereon

before submission to the Board for

approval.

A

2.

Reviewing with the management

standalone and consolidated financial

results and annual financial statements

and, if thought fit, recommend to the

Board for approval.

Q

3.

Reviewing the Management Discussion

and Analysis of the financial condition

and results of operations.

A

4.

Reviewing, approving or subsequently

modifying transactions of the Company

with related parties.

Q/P

5.

Evaluating the internal financial controls

and risk management policies of the

Company.

A

Overview

ESG commitments

Fundamentals

Strengthening our capitals

Statutory reports

Financial statements

203

Sr.

No.

Activities of the Committee during the year

Frequency

6.

Recommending the appointment/

re-appointment, remuneration, terms of

appointment and scope of Auditors of the

Company and approval of payment for any

other service.

P/A

7.

Reviewing and monitoring the auditor’s

independence and performance and

effectiveness of audit process and audit

reports submitted by the auditor.

Q/A

8.

Reviewing the adequacy of internal audit

function and discussing with the internal

auditors on the significant findings and

further course adopted.

A

9.

Reviewing the grievance redressal

mechanism of the Company and overseeing

the functioning of the same.

Q

10.

Reviewing compliance with the provisions

of Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Prevention of Insider Trading) Regulations,

2015 and verify adequacy of internal

controls.

A

Frequency: A Annually Q Quarterly P Periodically E Event-based

The Audit Committee obtains outside legal or

other professional advice and secures attendance

of outsiders with relevant expertise, as and when it

considers necessary.

All the decisions and recommendations made

by the Committee during the year were approved

by requisite majority by the members of the

Committee.

NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION

COMMITTEE

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee

(“NRC”) comprises of 2 Independent Directors

and a Non-Executive Director. The Chairman of

the NRC is an Independent Director.

The composition of NRC of the Board of Directors

of the Company along with the details of the

meetings held during the financial year 2022-23

and attendance of the members of the Committee,

in person or through video conference, is

detailed below:

Name of Member(s)

Nature of

membership

Meeting dates

1

2

3

4

5

6

22nd April,

2022

5th May,

2022

6th June,

2022

17th October,

2022

19th January,

2023

28th February,

2023

Suresh Narayanan

Chairman

Manish Choksi

Member

R Seshasayee*

Member

Attended through video conference

Attended in person

Notes:

a.

* With effect from 1st April, 2022, Mr. R Seshasayee has been appointed as a member of the Committee.

b.

Mr. R J Jeyamurugan is the Secretary to the Committee.

Governance

a.

The composition and terms of reference of

NRC are in line with the applicable

provisions of the Listing Regulations and

the Act.

b.

NRC also transacted some of the business

under its terms of reference by passing

resolution(s) by circulation during the year under

review.

Terms of reference

The NRC is, inter alia, entrusted with the following

key responsibilities by the Board of Directors of the

Company:

Sr.

No.

Activities of the Committee during the year

Frequency

1.

Formulating criteria for determining

qualifications, positive attributes

and independence of a Director.

P:

Managing Director & CEO on

succession planning of Key Managerial Personnel and

senior management. It has adopted a methodical and fair

process to select the suitable candidate. The succession

plan is closely aligned with the strategy and long-term

needs of the Company.

The Company has in place a Policy for Appointment

of Independent Director on the Board of the Company.

This Policy, inter alia, lists the process to be followed

for appointment of Independent Director(s), criteria for

shortlisting the candidates and critical attributes.

Before appointing an Independent Director, the NRC

evaluates the balance of skills, knowledge and experience

on the Board and on the basis of such evaluation,

prepares a description of the role and capabilities

required of an Independent Director. Thereafter, it

reviews the profile of suitable candidates, interacts with

them and then it selects the most suitable candidate for

appointment.

NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION POLICY

The Company has in place a Nomination and

Remuneration Policy formulated as per the provisions

of the Act and the Listing Regulations. The Policy

outlines the role of NRC and the Board, inter alia,

determining the criteria for Board membership,

approving, and recommending compensation

packages and policies for Directors and Senior

Management and lay down the effective manner of

performance evaluation of the Board, its Committees,

and the Directors.

In accordance of the said Policy following is the criteria

for payment of remuneration to Directors, senior

management and other employees:

a.

Compensation to: Managing

Managing Director

& CEO, excludes performance-based incentive of

` 90,00,000 paid for financial year 2019-20. It also excludes

` 5,48,00,000 worth of stock options granted in accordance

with the Asian Paints Employee Stock Option Plan 2021

(“2021 Plan”) for the financial year 2022-23. The stock

options would vest on fulfilment of vesting conditions in

accordance with the 2021 Plan. Taxable value of perquisite

for car allowance has been considered in the aforesaid

computation.

d.

$ Services of the: Managing Director & CEO may be terminated

by either party, giving the other party six months’ notice or the

Company paying six months’ basic salary in lieu thereof. There

is no separate provision for payment of severance pay.

PERFORMANCE EVALUATION

In terms of the requirements of the Act and the Listing

Regulations, an annual performance evaluation of the

Board is undertaken where the Board formally assesses

its own performance with an aim to improve the

effectiveness of the Board and its Committees.

The Company has a structured assessment process

for evaluation of performance of the Board, its

Committees and individual performance of each

Director including the

Managing Director & CEO and 2 Non-Executive

Directors.

The composition of the CSR committee of the

Board of Directors of the Company along with the

details of the meetings held during the financial

year 2022-23 and attendance by the members of the

Committee, in person or through video conference, is

detailed below:

Name of Member(s)

Nature of membership

Meeting dates

1

2

3

4

15th July, 2022

14th October, 2022

16th January, 2023

24th March, 2023

Malav Dani

Chairman

Deepak Satwalekar

Member

Amrita Vakil

Member

Amit Syngle

Member

Vibha Paul Rishi

Member

Attended through video conference

Attended in person

Note: Mr. R J Jeyamurugan is the Secretary to the Committee.

Governance

a.

The composition and terms of reference of the

CSR Committee are in line with the applicable

provisions of the Act.

b.

The meetings of the CSR Committee are also

attended by members of the CSR Council of the

Company as invitees. Further, employees

responsible for the CSR activities on ground,

are invited to the Committee meetings to give

the members a first-hand account of the

work done.

c.

The CSR Committee transacted some of the

business under its terms of reference by passing

resolution(s) by circulation during the year under

review.

Terms of Reference

The CSR Committee is, inter alia, entrusted with the

following key responsibilities by the Board of Directors

of the Company:

Sr.

No.

Activities of the Committee during the year

Frequency

1.

Recommending the amount of expenditure

to be incurred on the activities.

A

2.

Monitoring implementation and adherence

to the CSR Policy of the Company from time

to time.

Q

3.

Preparing a transparent monitoring

mechanism for ensuring implementation

of the projects/programmes/activities

proposed to be undertaken by the Company.

P

Frequency : A Annually Q Quarterly P Periodically E Event-based:

Managing Director & CEO.

The Chairman of the Investment Committee is an

Independent Director.

The composition of the Investment Committee of the

Board of Directors of the Company along with the

details of the meetings held during the financial year

2022-23 and attendance of the members of

the Committee, in person or through video conference,

is detailed below::

Managing Director & CEO, the CFO & Company

Secretary and the Chief Human Resources

Officer for receiving and investigating all

complaints and protected disclosures under

this Policy.

Employees of the Company or business partners

can make protected disclosures to the Ethics

Committee through the Asian Paints Ethics Hotline

(toll free number 000- 800-100-1622/web reporting

facility http://asianpaints.ethicspoint.com/)

and/or any other written communication by

sending it to the Registered Office of the Company

or via email to whistle.blower@asianpaints.com or

oral means of communication.

The employees/Directors and business associates

may, in exceptional cases, approach directly to the

Chairman of the Audit Committee of the Board of

the Company for registering complaints.

Any incidents that are reported are investigated

and suitable action is taken in line with the

Whistle Blower Policy.

No person was denied access to the Audit

Committee of the Company with regards to

the above.

The Whistle Blower Policy has been placed on

the Company’s website and can be accessed at

https://www.asianpaints.com/WBPolicy.html.

e.

In accordance with the provisions of

Regulation 26(6) of the Listing Regulations,

the Key Managerial Personnel, Director(s),

Promoter(s) and senior managerial personnel

have affirmed that they have not entered

into any agreement for themselves or on

behalf of any other person, with any

shareholder or any other third party with

regard to compensation or profit sharing in

connection with dealings in the securities of the

Company.

f.

In accordance with provisions of

Regulation 26(5) of the Listing Regulations,

senior management personnel have affirmed

that they do not have any personal interest

relating to material, financial and commercial

transactions which may have a potential

conflict with the interest of the Company

at large.

g.

The Company has complied with all the

requirements of the Stock Exchange(s) and SEBI

on matters relating to Capital Markets.

h.

There were no non-compliances by the Company and

no instances of penalties or strictures which were

imposed on the Company by SEBI, Stock Exchange(s)

on which the shares of the Company are listed or

any statutory authority on any matter related to the

capital market during the last 3 years.

i.

The Company has complied with all the mandatory

requirements of the Listing Regulations relating to

Corporate Governance.

Non-Mandatory Requirements:

i.

The Independent Chairman of the Company

has been provided with a Chairman’s Office

at the Registered Office of the Company.

ii.

The Chairman of the Board is a

Non-Executive, Independent Director and

his position is separate from that of the: Managing Director & CEO. Further, the

Managing Director & CEO,

CFO & Company Secretary, Associate Vice

President – Finance and representatives of

Corporate Communications.

During the year under review, the

Company held an investor meet to brief

the stakeholders on the rationale for the

investments made by the Company in

Obgenix Software Private Limited

(popularly known by the brand name

“White Teak”), engaged in business of

premium lighting products & fans and

Weatherseal Fenestration Private Limited,

(popularly known by its brand name

“Weatherseal”), manufacturers of UPVC

doors & windows, and the next step forward

in the Company’s foray of being a complete

home décor solution provider.

The Company also uploaded on its website

transcript and audio recordings of the said

meet on a voluntary basis.

iv) Stock Exchange:

The Board of Directors has approved a Policy

for determining materiality of events for the

purpose of making disclosure to the Stock

Exchanges.

The: Managing

letter along with all the required

documents before filing of claim application

with the IEPF Authority.

Once the Company has received and verified all

the requisite documents it will then issue an

entitlement: letter along with all the required

details to file web form IEPF-5 within a period of

30 days. The claimant(s) shall thereafter file web

form IEPF-5 with the IEPF Authority along with

entitlement letter and other supporting

documents.

The claimant(s) shall then submit the self-attested

copy of form IEPF-5, its acknowledgment and

duly executed Indemnity Bond in an envelope

marked as “Claim for refund from IEPF Authority”

at the registered office address of the Company

in the name of the “Nodal Officer of the

Company”, to enable the Company to file the

e-verification report of the claim within the

prescribed timeline of 30 days.

This process will reduce the instance of claim

applications being rejected by the Company/IEPF

Authority on account of incomplete and/or

non-receipt of required documents.

Overview

ESG commitments

Fundamentals

Strengthening our capitals

Statutory reports

Financial statements

227

Nodal and Deputy Nodal Officer

In accordance with the IEPF Rules, the Board of

Letter of Confirmation to the shareholders in lieu

of physical share certificate(s) to enable them

to make a request to DP for dematerialising

their shares.

During the year under review, 2000 shares pertaining

to 1 shareholder were transferred to the Company’s

Suspense Escrow Demat Account. Further, no

request was received from shareholder for release of

shares from the said suspense escrow demat account

of the Company.

All the corporate benefits against these shares

like bonus shares, split, etc., would also be

transferred to Unclaimed Suspense Account and

Suspense Escrow Demat Account of the Company.

While the dividend for the shares which are

lying in Unclaimed Suspense Account and

Suspense Escrow Demat Account would be

credited back to the relevant dividend accounts of

the Company.

The voting rights on shares lying in Unclaimed

Suspense Account and Suspense Escrow Demat

Account shall remain frozen till the rightful owner

claims the shares.

18. SHAREHOLDING DETAILS

Distribution of shareholding of shares of the Company as on 31st March, 2023

No. of shares

No. of shareholders

% to total

Shareholding

% to total

Upto 50

9,58,065

84.86

1,10,28,833

1.15

51-100

76,296

6.76

58,31,714

0.61

101-200

41,873

3.71

62,36,565

0.65

201-300

13,418

1.19

33,90,187

0.35

301-400

6,272

0.55

22,32,076

0.23

401-500

4,817

0.43

22,61,677

0.23

501-1,000

9,048

0.80

67,82,714

0.71

1,001-5,000

13,067

1.16

3,26,77,879

3.41

5,001-10,000

3,296

0.29

2,52,02,216

2.63

10,001 and above

2,888

0.25

86,35,53,929

90.03

Total

11,29,040

100.00

95,91,97,790

100.00

Shareholding Pattern of the Company

Category of shareholder(s)

31st March, 2023

31st March, 2022

Change (%)

No. of

shares

% of Total

no. of shares

No. of

shares

% of Total

no. of shares

(A) SHAREHOLDING OF PROMOTER(S) &

PROMOTER(S) GROUP

(1)

Individuals/Hindu Undivided Family

10,05,01,601

10.48

10,05,01,601

10.48

0.00

(2)

Bodies Corporate

40,34,97,883

42.07

40,34,97,883

42.07

0.00

(3)

Trust

7,85,700

0.08

7,85,700

0.08

0.00

Total Shareholding of Promoter(s) &

Promoter(s) Group (A)

50,47,85,184

52.63

50,47,85,184

52.63

0.00

Overview

ESG commitments

Fundamentals

Strengthening our capitals

Statutory reports

Financial statements

229

Category of shareholder(s)

31st March, 2023

31st March, 2022

Change (%)

No. of

shares

% of Total

no. of shares

No. of

shares

% of Total

no. of shares

(B) PUBLIC SHAREHOLDING

(1) Institutions

i)

Mutual Funds/UTI

3,54,80,427

3.70

3,04,89,736

3.18

0.52

ii)

Financial Institutions/Banks

9,03,643

0.09

5,73,722

0.06

0.03

iii)

Central Government/Sovereign

Wealth Funds

4,47,719

0.05

4,03,162

0.04

0.01

iv)

Insurance Companies

5,09,60,273

5.31

3,23,11,398

3.37

1.94

v)

Foreign Institutional Investors

16,31,74,737

17.01

18,65,30,056

19.45

(2.44)

Sub-total (B)(1)

25,09,66,799

26.16

25,03,08,074

26.10

0.06

(2) Non-Institutions

i)

Bodies Corporate

5,61,12,731

5.85

6,00,32,192

6.26

(0.41)

ii)

Individuals

(a)

Individual shareholders

holding nominal share

capital up to ` 1 lakh

11,93,18,506

12.44

11,76,09,621

12.26

0.18

(b)

Individual shareholders

holding nominal share

capital in excess of ` 1 lakh

84,10,007

0.88

83,77,394

0.87

0.01

iii)

Non-Resident individuals

1,23,41,659

1.29

1,21,04,118

1.26

0.03

iv)

NBFCs registered with Reserve

Bank of India (RBI)

6,248

0.00

6,216

0.00

0.00

v)

Trust(s)

72,56,656

0.75

59,74,991

0.62

0.13

Sub-total (B)(2)

20,34,45,807

21.21

20,41,04,532

21.27

(0.06)

Total Public Shareholding (B)=(B)(1)+(B)(2)

45,44,12,606

47.37

45,44,12,606

47.37

-

Total (A)+(B)

95,91,97,790

100.00

95,91,97,790

100.00

-

Promoter(s) &

Promoter(s) Group

52.63%

Central Government/

Sovereign Wealth Funds

0.05%

0.75%

Non-Resident

Individuals

1.29%

Individual

Shareholders

13.32%

Bodies Corporate

5.85%

Financial

Institutions/Banks &

NBFCs registered with RBI

0.09%

Foreign Institutional

Investors

17.01%

Insurance

Companies

5.31%

Mutual

Funds/UTI

3.70%

Category wise

shareholding

Trust(s)

Category wise shareholding as on 31st March, 2023:

Managing Director & CEO

R J Jeyamurugan

CFO & Company Secretary

Place: Mumbai

Date: 11th May, 2023

Annexure A to Report on Corporate Governance

for the financial year ended 31st March, 2023

Overview

ESG commitments

Fundamentals

Strengthening our capitals

Statutory reports

Financial statements

237

CERTIFICATE ON COMPLIANCE WITH SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE

REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015 BY ASIAN PAINTS LIMITED RELATING TO CORPORATE

GOVERNANCE REQUIREMENTS

I have examined compliance by Asian Paints Limited (the Company) with the requirements under the SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (Listing Regulations) relating to Corporate Governance

requirements for the year ended on 31 March, 2023.

In my opinion and to the best of my information and according to the explanations given to me and the representation

by the Directors and the management, I certify that the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate

Governance as stipulated in the Listing Regulations.

The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the management of the Company.

My examination was limited to procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring the

compliance of the conditions of Corporate Governance under the Listing Regulations. The examination is neither an

audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial statements of the Company or the Corporate Governance Report of

the Company.

I state that no complaint relating to investor’s grievance received by the Company is pending unresolved as on

31 March, 2023.

I further state that such compliance is neither an assurance to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Dr. K. R. Chandratre

FCS No.: 1370, C. P. No.: 5144

Place: Pune

Date: 11 May 2023

UDIN: F001370E000292551

Peer Review Certificate No.: 1206/2021

Annexure B to Report on Corporate Governance

for the financial year ended 31st March, 2023:

Managing Director & CEO

Place: Mumbai

Date: 11th May, 2023

Annexure D to Report on Corporate Governance

for the financial year ended 31st March, 2023:

Managing Director & CEO

Note: Identified indicators/parameters as included in this BRSR for the financial year ended 31st March, 2023 have

been assured (Reasonable/Limited) by Price Waterhouse Chartered Accountants LLP.

The Reasonable/Limited Assurance Report is annexed to this Integrated Annual Report on page no. 475

SECTION A: GENERAL DISCLOSURES

I.

Details of the listed entity

Sr.

No.

Particulars

Response

1.

Corporate Identity Number (CIN) of the Listed Entity

L24220MH1945PLC004598

2.

Name of the Company

Asian Paints Limited

3.

Year of incorporation

1945

4.

Registered office address

6A, Shantinagar, Santacruz (East), Mumbai – 400 055,

Maharashtra, India.

5.

Corporate address

Same as mentioned in point no. (4).

6.

E-mail

investor.relations@asianpaints.com

7.

Telephone

(022) 62181000

8.

Website

www.asianpaints.com

9.

Financial year for which reporting is being done

April, 2022 to March, 2023

10.

Name of the Stock Exchange(s) where shares are listed

a.

BSE Limited (BSE)

b.

National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE)

11.

Paid-up Capital

` 95,91,97,790

12.

Name and contact details (telephone, email address) of the

person who may be contacted in case of any queries on the

BRSR report

Name

R J Jeyamurugan

Designation

CFO & Company Secretary

Tel No.

(022) 62181139

E-mail

investor.relations@asianpaints.com

13.

Reporting boundary - Are the disclosures under this report

made on a standalone basis (i.e. only for the entity) or on a

consolidated basis (i.e. for the entity and all the entities which

form a part of its consolidated financial statements, taken

together)?

The disclosures under this report are made on standalone

basis for Asian Paints Limited.

Overview

ESG commitments

Fundamentals

Strengthening our capitals

Statutory reports

Financial statements

241

II. Products/services

14. Details of business activities (accounting for 90% of the turnover):

Sr.

No.

Description of main activity

Description of business activity

Turnover of the

entity (%)

1.

Sale of products

Manufacture/Purchase and sale of wide range of paints (Chemical

and Chemical Products)

96.2

15. Products/Services sold by the entity (accounting for 90% of the entity’s turnover):

Sr.

No.

Product/Service

NIC Code*

Total Turnover

contributed (%)

1.

Manufacture of paints, varnishes, enamels, and thinners

202

96.2

*As per National Industrial Classification – Ministry of Statistics and Programme Implementation

III. Operations

16. Number of locations where plants and/or operations/offices of the entity are situated:

Location

Number of plants

Number of offices

Total

National

11

227*

238$

International^

-

-

-

* Includes warehouses, distribution centres and testing facilities.

$ Does not include 24 locations (Colour Academies) where CSR activities are carried out.

^ The international operations are carried out by the Company through its subsidiary companies and are outside the reporting

boundary of this report.

17. Markets served by the entity:

a.

Number of locations

Locations

Number

National (No. of States)

28

National (No. of Union Territories)

8

International (No. of Countries)^

12

^ The international operations are carried out by the Company through its subsidiary companies and are outside the reporting

boundary of this report.

b.

What is the contribution of exports as a percentage of the total turnover of the entity?

The contribution of exports as a percentage of total turnover of the Company is 0.37%.

c.

A brief on types of customers:

The Company is in the business of manufacturing, trading and selling wide range of paints and coatings,

wallcoverings, adhesives, tools, home décor products like rugs, furnishings, and furniture, bath fittings and

sanitaryware. The Company also provides various services like end-to-end design to execution services,

safe painting solution, interior designing etc. The Company caters to a wide range of customers, including

homeowners, large project sites, dealers, corporates, architects, interior designers, influencers, contractors

through wholesalers and distributors, retailers, and e-commerce channels.:

Managing Director & CEO.

Notes:

1.

Key Management Personnel are: Managing

Managing Director & CEO of the Company.:

Managing Director & CEO of the Company is the director responsible for

the business responsibility report. For the statement, refer the: Managing

letter addressed to the Ethics Committee at the

Registered Office of the Company.

Other than Permanent Workers

Permanent Employees

Yes. Employees can raise grievances with their reporting managers and/or

HR business partners. Grievances can also be raised at http://asianpaints.

ethicspoint.com/, toll free no. 000-800-100-1622, email at whistle.

blower@asianpaints.com and/or by way of a: letter addressed to the Ethics

Committee at the Registered Office of the Company.

Other than Permanent Employees

7.

Membership of employees and workers in association(s) or Unions recognised by the listed entity:

Category

FY 2022-23

FY 2021-22

Total

employees/

workers in

respective

category

No. of employees/

workers in respective

category, who are

part of association(s)

or Union

%

(B/A)

Total

employees/

workers in

respective

category

No. of employees/

workers in respective

category, who are

part of association(s)

or Union

%

(D/C)

(A)

(B)

(C)

(D)

Total Permanent Employees

6,372

136

2.1

5,712

276

4.8

Male

5,768

131

2.3

5,198

263

5.1

Female

604

5

0.8

514

13

2.5

Total Permanent Workers

1,684

1,577

93.6

1,711

1,617

94.5

Male

1,678

1,577

93.9

1,705

1,617

94.8

Female

6

-

-

6

-

-

Note: Limited assurance has been carried out by Price Waterhouse Chartered Accountants LLP on above indicator.

8.

Details of training given to employees and workers:

Category

FY 2022-23

FY 2021-22

Total (A)

On Health and

safety measures

On Skill upgradation

Total (D)

On Health and

safety measures

On Skill upgradation

No. (B)

% (B/A)

No. (C)

% (C/A)

No. (E)

% (E/D)

No. (F)

% (F/D)

Employees

Male

5,768

1,363

23.6

4,957

85.9

5,198

*

3,836

73.8

Female

604

111

18.4

514

85.1

514

359

69.8

Total

6,372

1,474

23.1

5,471

85.9

5,712

4,195

73.4

Workers

Male

1,678

1,678

100

#

1,705

1,705

100

#

Female

6

6

100

6

6

100

Total

1,684

1,684

100

1,711

1,711

100

* The Company provides regular trainings on health and safety to all its employees. The Company aims to provide various quality

training and minimising workplace accidents without focusing upon the numbers of hours spent in training. We have now implemented

a mechanism to track training undertaken.

# Trainings on skill upgradation includes both soft skill and functional skills. Such trainings are imparted by individual functions basis

the need for their own department and are not specifically tracked.

Overview

ESG commitments

Fundamentals

Strengthening our capitals

Statutory reports

Financial statements

257

9.

Details of performance and career development reviews of employees and workers.

Category

FY 2022-23

FY 2021-22

Total (A)

No. (B)

% (B/A)

Total (A)

No. (B)

%(B/A)

Employees

Male

5,768

5,768

100

5198

5198

100

Female

604

604

100

514

514

100

Total

6,372

6,372

100

5,712

5,712

100

Workers

Male

1,678

1,678

100

1705

1705

100

Female

6

6

100

6

6

100

Total

1,684

1,684

100

1,711

1,711

100

Note: All our employees and workers are eligible to receive performance and career development reviews. For employees who have

joined the Company during the period January to March, 2023 career development reviews would only have been received.

10. Health and safety management system:

a.

Whether an occupational health and safety management system has been implemented by the entity?

(Yes/No). If yes, the coverage of such system?

Yes. In accordance with the Environment, Health and Safety Policy of the Company, Occupational Health and

Safety Management System has been implemented at all in house manufacturing facilities and Research &

Technology laboratory. Further, all other locations also comply with the applicable statutory requirement

pertaining to health and safety. The Company’s health and safety management system is based on

ISO 45001, the International Standard for Occupational Health and Safety. During the year, 3 decorative

paint manufacturing plants have received five-star rating by British Safety Council and 3 plants have received

Sword of Honour from the British Safety Council.

b.

What are the processes used to identify work-related hazards and assess risks on a routine and non-

routine basis by the entity?

The Company has Environment, Health and Safety Policy. The health and safety guidelines are applicable

to all operating locations of the Company and lay down required parameters to be followed at all locations.

Some of the key processes for identifying work-related hazards and assessing risks on a routine and non-

routine basis are given below:

i

Hazard Identification and Risk Assessment (HIRA) is used for routine and non-routine activities.

ii

Hazard and Operability Study (HAZOP) is being used for identifying hazard related to chemical

processes.

iii

Chemical Risk Assessment is used for identifying health hazards during handling of chemicals.

iv

Manual Material Handling Assessment Chart (MAC) tool is used to identify hazards during manual

material handling activities.

v

Fire Risk Assessment is done for handling fire related risks.

c.

Whether you have processes for workers to report the work related hazards and to remove themselves

from such risks (Yes/No):

Yes, all workers at plants can report work related hazards through an internal portal. All the work hazards

reported are monitored and actioned upon through Department Safety Committee which in turn is

supplemented by Apex Safety Committee at the plant. A process of ‘stoppage of work due to unsafe act and

unsafe condition’ to safeguard employees’ interest is in place to report or remove themselves from situations

they believe could cause injury. At non-manufacturing locations, the workers approach the location head to

report any work-related hazards and to remove themselves from such risks.

d.

Do the employees/workers of the entity have access to non-occupational medical and healthcare

services? (Yes/No)

Yes, all employees/workers are covered under the Company’s health insurance and personal accident policy.

Managing Director & CEO

^Key Managerial Personnel are the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

DIN : 07232566

Rupen K. Bhatt

Partner

Membership No : 046930

Milind Sarwate

Chairman of Audit Committee

DIN : 00109854

R J Jeyamurugan

CFO & Company Secretary

Mumbai

11th May, 2023

Mumbai

11th May, 2023

287

Overview

ESG commitments

Fundamentals

Strengthening our capitals

Statutory reports

Financial statements

Statement of Profit and Loss

for the year ended 31st March, 2023

(` in Crores)

Particulars

Notes

Year

2022-23

Year

2021-22

REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS

Revenue from Sale of Products

22A

29,883.09

24,935.57

Revenue from Sale of Services

22A

70.03

66.52

Other Operating Revenue

22A

125.28

186.42

Other Income

23

518.01

451.89

Total Income (I)

30,596.41

25,640.40

EXPENSES

Cost of Materials Consumed

24A

14,790.95

13,838.90

Purchases of Stock-in-Trade

24B

3,836.33

2,978.69

Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods, Stock-in-Trade and Work-in-Progress

24C

(299.74)

(1,208.63)

Employee Benefits Expense

25

1,513.89

1,310.14

Other Expenses

26

4,416.49

3,681.62

Total Expenses (II)

24,257.92

20,600.72

EARNING BEFORE INTEREST, TAX, DEPRECIATION AND AMORTISATION

(EBITDA) (I-II)

6,338.49

5,039.68

Finance Costs

27

93.06

70.25

Depreciation and Amortisation Expense

28

755.83

721.56

PROFIT BEFORE EXCEPTIONAL ITEMS AND TAX

5,489.60

4,247.87

Exceptional Items

40

-

53.73

PROFIT BEFORE TAX

5,489.60

4,194.14

Tax Expense

18

Current Tax

1,418.38

1,107.29

Short tax provision for earlier years

5.94

3.16

Deferred Tax

(34.90)

(51.02)

Total tax expense

1,389.42

1,059.43

PROFIT AFTER TAX

4,100.18

3,134.71

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (OCI)

A.

Items that will not be reclassified to Profit or Loss

(i)

(a) Remeasurement of the defined benefit plans

(9.98)

4.39

(b) Income tax benefit/(expense) on remeasurement of defined benefit plans

2.51

(1.11)

(ii)

(a) Net fair value gain /(loss) on investments in equity instruments through OCI

90.19

(82.31)

(b) Income tax (expense)/benefit on net fair value gain on investments in

equity instruments through OCI

(10.58)

9.59

B.

Items that will be reclassified to Profit or Loss

(a) Net fair value (loss) on investments in debt instruments through OCI

(5.42)

(3.26)

(b)

Income tax benefit on net fair value gain on investments in debt

instruments through OCI

0.63

0.39

Total Other Comprehensive Income (A+B)

67.35

(72.31)

TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR

4,167.53

3,062.40

Earnings per equity share (Face value of ` 1 each)

32

Basic (in `)

42.76

32.68

Diluted (in `)

42.76

32.68

Significant accounting policies and key accounting estimates and judgements

1

See accompanying notes to the Standalone Financial Statements

2-45

As per our report of even date attached

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Asian Paints Limited

CIN : L24220MH1945PLC004598

For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP

Chartered Accountants

F.R.N : 117366W/W-100018

Deepak Satwalekar

Chairman

DIN : 00009627

Amit Syngle: Managing Director & CEO

DIN : 07232566

Rupen K. Bhatt

Partner

Membership No : 046930

Milind Sarwate

Managing Director & CEO

DIN : 07232566

Rupen K. Bhatt

Partner

Membership No : 046930

Milind Sarwate

Chairman of Audit Committee

DIN : 00109854

R J Jeyamurugan

CFO & Company Secretary

Mumbai

11th May, 2023

Mumbai

11th May, 2023

289

Overview

ESG commitments

Fundamentals

Strengthening our capitals

Statutory reports

Financial statements

Cash Flow Statement

for the year ended 31st March, 2023

(` in Crores)

Particulars

Year

2022-23

Year

2021-22

(A)

CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

Profit before tax

5,489.60

4,194.14

Adjustments for :

Depreciation and amortisation expense

755.83

721.56

Interest income

(94.69)

(71.92)

Dividend income

(70.48)

(27.35)

Finance costs

93.06

70.25

Allowance for doubtful debts and advances

33.67

36.40

Bad debts written off

1.34

-

Deferred income arising from government grant

(1.54)

(1.76)

Net unrealised foreign exchange loss

4.46

4.82

(Gain) on disposal of property, plant and equipment and other

intangible assets (net)

(11.45)

(40.36)

Net gain on modification/ termination of leases

(3.14)

(3.53)

Net gain arising on financial assets measured at fair value through

profit or loss (FVTPL)

(118.62)

(76.09)

Share based payment expense (net)

11.97

8.52

Fair valuation loss on earnout and derivatives

26.82

-

(Reversal)/Provision for expected credit loss on government grants

(27.58)

53.73

Operating Profit before working capital changes

6,089.25

4,868.41

Adjustments for :

(Increase) in trade receivables

(581.98)

(1,141.62)

Decrease/ (Increase) in financial assets

162.81

(158.99)

(Increase) in inventories

(44.18)

(2,153.00)

(Increase) in other assets

(2.88)

(11.81)

(Decrease)/ Increase in trade payables

(441.98)

593.44

Increase in other financial liabilities

388.32

232.16

Increase in other liabilities and provisions

66.97

140.75

Cash generated from Operating activities

5,636.33

2,369.34

Income Tax paid (net of refund)

(1,414.68)

(1,109.03)

Net Cash generated from Operating activities

4,221.65

1,260.31

(B)

CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES

Purchase of property, plant and equipment and other intangible

assets

(1,057.27)

(402.91)

Sale of property, plant and equipment (including advances)

16.28

27.29

Payment for acquiring right of use assets

(166.67)

(12.14)

Investment in subsidiary and associate companies

(398.46)

(79.99)

Purchase of non-current investments - others

(145.66)

-

Sale of non-current investments

376.61

146.46

Purchase of term deposits

(1,218.84)

(1,048.19)

Proceeds from maturity of term deposits

1,000.19

897.11

Sale of current investments (net)

67.44

61.03

Interest received

61.05

56.20

Dividend received from subsidiary and associate companies

54.97

-

Dividend received from others

13.48

15.16

Net Cash used in Investing activities

(1,396.88)

(339.98):

Managing Director & CEO

DIN : 07232566

Rupen K. Bhatt

Partner

Membership No : 046930

Milind Sarwate

Chairman of Audit Committee

DIN : 00109854

R J Jeyamurugan

CFO & Company Secretary

Mumbai

11th May, 2023

Mumbai

11th May, 2023

291

Overview

ESG commitments

Fundamentals

Strengthening our capitals

Statutory reports

Financial statements

COMPANY BACKGROUND

Asian Paints Limited (the ‘Company’) is a public limited

Company domiciled and incorporated in India under the

Indian Companies Act, 1913. The registered office of the

Company is located at 6A, Shantinagar, Santacruz East,

Mumbai, India.

The Company is engaged in the business of

manufacturing, selling and distribution of paints,

coatings, products related to home décor, bath fittings

and providing related services.

1.

SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

AND KEY ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND

JUDGEMENTS

Significant Accounting Policies:

1.1. Basis of preparation of Financial Statements

These Financial Statements are the separate

Financial Statements of the Company (also called

Standalone Financial Statements) prepared in

accordance with Indian Accounting Standards (‘Ind

AS’) notified under Section 133 of the Companies

Act, 2013, read together with the Companies (Indian

Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 (as amended).

These Financial Statements have been prepared and

presented under the historical cost convention, on

the accrual basis of accounting except for certain

financial assets and financial liabilities that are

measured at fair values at the end of each reporting

period, as stated in the accounting policies set out

below. The accounting policies have been applied

consistently over all the periods presented in these

Financial Statements.

The Financial Statements are presented in Indian

Rupees (which is also the functional currency of the

Company) and is rounded off to the nearest crores

except otherwise indicated. Amounts less than

` 50,000 have been presented as “#”.

1.2. Current / Non-Current Classification

Any asset or liability is classified as current if it

satisfies any of the following conditions:

i.

the asset/liability is expected to be realised/

settled in the Company’s normal operating

cycle;

ii.

the asset is intended for sale or consumption;

iii.

the asset/liability is held primarily for the

purpose of trading;

iv.

the asset/liability is expected to be realised/

settled within twelve months after the

reporting period;

v.

the asset is cash or cash equivalent unless it

is restricted from being exchanged or used to

settle a liability for at least twelve months after

the reporting date;

vi.

in the case of a liability, the Company does not

have an unconditional right to defer settlement

of the liability for at least twelve months after

the reporting date.

All other assets and liabilities are classified as

non-current.

For the purpose of current/non-current

classification of assets and liabilities, the

Company has ascertained its normal operating

cycle as twelve months. This is based on the

nature of services and the time between

the acquisition of assets or inventories for

processing and their realisation in cash and cash

equivalents.

1.3. Summary of Significant accounting policies

a)

Business combinations

Business combinations are accounted for using

the acquisition method. At the acquisition

date, identifiable assets acquired and liabilities

assumed are measured at fair value. For

this purpose, the liabilities assumed include

contingent liabilities representing present

obligation and they are measured at their

acquisition date fair values irrespective of

the fact that outflow of resources embodying

economic benefits is not probable. The

consideration transferred is measured at fair

value at acquisition date and includes the

fair value of any contingent consideration.

Contingent consideration (earn out) is

remeasured at fair value at each reporting date

and changes in the fair value of the contingent

consideration are recognised in the Statement

of Profit and Loss. However, deferred tax asset

or liability and any liability or asset relating to

employee benefit arrangements arising from

a business combination are measured and

recognised in accordance with the requirements

of Ind AS 12, Income Taxes and Ind AS 19,

Employee Benefits, respectively.

Where the consideration transferred exceeds

the fair value of the net identifiable assets

acquired and liabilities assumed, the excess is

recorded as goodwill. Alternatively, in case of

a bargain purchase wherein the consideration

transferred is lower than the fair value of the

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements

for the year ended 31st March, 2023:

Managing Director

(as at 31st March, 2022 - ` 6.66 crores)]

-

-

247.32

206.97

Payable towards other expenses

[including ` 5.32 crores due to Non-Executive Directors

(as at 31st March, 2022 - ` 4.72 crores)]

-

-

890.58

635.48

Foreign currency forward exchange contract (net)

-

-

-

0.92

Gross obligation toward Earnout (Refer note 37(b))

-

-

58.97

-

Derivative liability towards further stake acquisition in

subsidiary and associate companies (Refer note 37(a) and (b))

12.28

-

-

-

30.20

1.14

2,027.52

1,501.31

Total

30.20

1.14

2,051.51

1,524.78

* Investor Education and Protection Fund (‘IEPF’) - As at 31st March, 2023 and 31st March, 2022, there is no amount due and outstanding to

be transferred to the IEPF by the Company. Unclaimed Dividend, if any, shall be transferred to IEPF as and when they become due.

NOTE 15 : LEASE LIABILITIES (CONTD.)

325

Overview

ESG commitments

Fundamentals

Strengthening our capitals

Statutory reports

Financial statements

NOTE 17 : PROVISIONS

(` in Crores)

Non-Current

Current

As at

31.03.2023

As at

31.03.2022

As at

31.03.2023

As at

31.03.2022

(a) Provision for Employee Benefits (Refer note 35)

Provision for Compensated absences

173.71

165.91

23.96

21.96

Provision for Gratuity

-

-

5.72

1.46

Provision for Pension

1.20

1.18

0.27

0.27

Provision for Post retirement medical and other benefits

1.20

1.20

5.12

1.46

176.11

168.29

35.07

25.15

(b) Others

Provision for Excise

-

-

1.29

1.50

Provision for Central Sales Tax/VAT

-

-

9.99

11.43

-

-

11.28

12.93

Total

176.11

168.29

46.35

38.08

Disclosure relating to movement in Provisions for Statutory Liabilities is as follows :

(` in Crores)

Movement in Provision for Statutory Liabilities

Provision for Excise*

Provision for Central Sales Tax/

VAT**

Year

2022-23

Year

2021-22

Year

2022-23

Year

2021-22

Balances as at 1st April

1.50

2.24

11.43

12.48

Additions/Adjustments

-

-

-

0.25

Utilisations

-

-

-

-

Reversals

(0.21)

(0.74)

(1.44)

(1.30)

Balances as at 31st March

1.29

1.50

9.99

11.43

These provisions represent estimates made for probable claims arising out of litigations/disputes pending with

authorities under excise duty and sales tax. The probability and the timing of the outflow with regard to these matters

depend on the final outcome of the litigations/disputes. Hence, the Company is not able to reasonably ascertain the

timing of the outflow.

*Excise provisions made towards matters disputed at various appellate levels.

**Sales tax provisions made towards non receipt of C Forms and other matters disputed at various appellate levels.

NOTE 18 : INCOME TAXES

A. THE MAJOR COMPONENTS OF INCOME TAX EXPENSE FOR THE YEAR ARE AS UNDER :

(` in Crores)

Year

2022-23

Year

2021-22

(i) Income tax recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss

Current tax expense :

In respect of current year

1,418.38

1,107.29

In respect of short tax provision for earlier years

5.94

3.16

Deferred tax benefit :

In respect of current year

(34.90)

(51.02)

Income tax expense recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss

1,389.42

1,059.43

(ii) Income tax expense recognised in OCI

Deferred tax :

Income tax benefit /(expense) on remeasurement of defined benefit plans

2.51

(1.11)

Income tax (expense)/benefit on net fair value gain on investments in equity instruments

through OCI

(10.58)

9.59

Income tax benefit on net fair value gain on investments in debt instruments through OCI

0.63

0.39

Income tax (expense)/benefit recognised in OCI

(7.44)

8.87:

Managing Director & CEO and based on employee’s grade, performance rating and such

other criteria as may be considered appropriate. The employees shall be entitled to receive one equity share of

the Company on exercise of each stock option, subject to performance of the employees and continuation of

employment over the vesting period. The exercise price for stock options granted are at a discount of 50% to the

Reference Share Price (the average of the daily high and low of the volume weighted average prices of the Shares

quoted on a recognised stock exchange during the 22 trading days preceding the day on which the grant is made)

of the shares of the Company as defined under 2021 Plan.

NOTE 35 : EMPLOYEE BENEFITS (CONTD.)

349

Overview

ESG commitments

Fundamentals

Strengthening our capitals

Statutory reports

Financial statements

Further, the 2021 Plan replaced the existing Deferred Incentive Scheme (which provided for deferred cash pay-

outs based on performance of the employees and satisfaction of vesting conditions). Pursuant to launch of 2021

Plan, the eligible employees were given option to convert existing deferred incentive benefit for FY 2020-21 into

ESOPs. Accordingly, stock options were granted to those employees opting for ESOPs.

The Administrator approved secondary purchase of shares equivalent to the options granted in August 2021

through Asian Paints Employees Stock Ownership Trust (“ESOP Trust” or “Trust”) which is shown as treasury

shares in the Statement of Changes in Equity.

(a) Details of stock options granted :

Grant Date

Vesting Date

Options

outstanding

at the

beginning of

the year

Options

granted

during the

year

Options

exercised

during the

yeaR

Options

forfeited

during the

year

Options

lapsed

during

the year

Balance

as at year

end

Exercisable

at period

end

Weighted

Average

remaining

contractual

life (years)

Grant 1

16th August, 2021

31st March, 2024

1,08,354

-

-

-

10,822

97,532

7,500

2

Grant 2

16th August, 2021

31st March, 2025

1,13,304

4,854

-

-

12,430

1,05,728

4,404

3

Grant 3

10th February, 2022

31st March, 2025

4,425

-

-

-

684

3,741

73

3

Grant 4

6th June, 2022

31st March, 2026

-

1,34,943

-

-

12,597

1,22,346

1,121

4

Grant 5

8th September, 2022

31st March, 2026

-

6,312

-

-

-

6,312

-

4

Grant 6

19th January, 2023

31st March, 2026

-

1,174

-

-

-

1,174

-

4

Grant 7

31st March, 2023

31st March, 2026

-

1,124

-

-

-

1,124

-

4

Weighted average exercise price for respective option series towards all the movement including opening and closing

outstanding options is same as exercise price on grant date.

(b) Fair Value of stock options granted :

Fair Value of stock options was calculated using the Black Scholes Model. The key assumptions used for

calculating the option fair value are as below :

Grant Date

Fair Value at

Grant Date (`)

Exercise price

(`)

Market price

at the time of

grant of the

option (`)

Risk free interest

rate

Expected life

Expected

volatility

Dividend Yield

50% of

Reference

Share Price

Zero Coupon

Sovereign Bond

Interest Rate

equivalent for

option life

Tenure to vesting

of options and half

of exercise period

assuming even

exercise of options

during exercise

period

Based on daily

volatility

for period

equivalent for

option life

Dividend yield

is calculated as

dividend paid in

last FY divided

by current

share price

Grant 1

16th August, 2021

1,685.13

1,518.70

2,987.55

5.07%

3.12 years

34.67%

0.60%

Grant 2

16th August, 2021

1,752.87

1,518.70

2,987.55

5.50%

4.12 years

32.17%

0.60%

Grant 3

10th February, 2022

1,884.83

1,632.53

3,228.35

5.57%

3.63 years

33.93%

0.55%

Grant 4

6th June, 2022

1,768.00

1,478.00

2,886.90

7.17%

4.32 years

33.76%

0.66%

Grant 5

8th September, 2022

2,098.00

1,706.00

3,400.35

7.08%

4.06 years

34.71%

0.56%

Grant 6

19th January, 2023

1,769.00

1,505.00

2,945.25

7.22%

3.69 years

34.75%

0.65%

Grant 7

31st March, 2023

1,649.00

1,412.00

2,770.50

7.28%

3.50 years

34.59%

0.69%

During the year, the Company has recognised an expense of ` 11.97 crores (31st March, 2022 - ` 8.52 crores). This is net of

recoveries from subsidiaries of ` 1.40 crores (31st March, 2022 - ` 2.42 crores).

NOTE 35 : EMPLOYEE BENEFITS (CONTD.)

(3) Employee share based payment plans (Contd.):

Managing Director & CEO

R J Jeyamurugan

CFO & Company Secretary

Non-Executive Directors

Late Abhay Vakil (upto. 2nd November, 2021)

M.K. Sharma (upto 31st March, 2022)

Amrita Vakil

Nehal Vakil (w.e.f. 1st March, 2022)

Ashwin Dani

Pallavi Shroff

Deepak Satwalekar (Chairman)

R Seshasayee

Jigish Choksi

Dr. S. Sivaram (upto 30th September, 2021)

Malav Dani

Suresh Narayanan

Manish Choksi (Vice Chairman)

Vibha Paul Rishi

Milind Sarwate (appointed w.e.f. 21st October, 2021)

d) Names of Close Family Members of Key Managerial Personnel (apart from those who are in

employment of the Company) where transactions have taken place during the year :

Aashay Ashish Choksi

Ina Ashwin Dani

Rita Mahendra Choksi

ACC AP Trust

Ishwara Hasit Dani

Rupal Anant Bhat

Ami Manish Choksi

Jalaj Ashwin Dani

Rupen Ashwin Choksi

Anay Rupen Choksi

Late Abhay Arvind Vakil

Sanjay Rishi

Asha Subhash Gujarathi

Late Amar Arvind Vakil

Satyen Ashwin Gandhi

Ashish Ashwin Choksi $

Mahendra Chimanlal Choksi $

Shailesh Chimanlal Choksi $

Ashwin Ramanlal Gandhi

Manish Mahendra Choksi HUF

Shalinie Syngle

Ashwin Suryakant Dani HUF

Meghna Satyen Gandhi

Shubhlakshmi Hasit Dani

Bhairavi Abhay Vakil

Mudit Jalaj Dani

Smiti Jalaj Dani

Binita Ashish Choksi

Nysha Rupen Choksi

Urvashi Ashwin Choksi

Chandanben Chhotalal Shah

Prafullika Shailesh Choksi

Vaibhavi Hiren Gandhi

Dipika Amar Vakil

Ragini Varun Vakil

Vishal Shailesh Choksi

Druhi Ashish Choksi

Rhea Manish Choksi

Vita Jalaj Dani

Hasit Ashwin Dani $

Richa Manish Choksi

Vivek Abhay Vakil $

Hiren Ashwin Gandhi

$ includes HUF of which he is the karta

e) Close family members of Key Managerial Personnel who are under the employment of the

Company and with whom transactions have taken place during the year :

Varun Vakil ++

++ includes HUF of which he is the karta

NOTE 38 : RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTD.):

letter to the Board of APIPL informing its commitment to provide support to the

subsidiary to meet its obligations, as and when they fall due including additional funding that may be necessitated to

meet the approved business plan.

NOTE 38 : RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTD.)

Details of transactions with and balances outstanding of Subsidiary Companies (Contd.) ::

Managing Director & CEO

DIN : 07232566

Rupen K. Bhatt

Partner

Membership No : 046930

Milind Sarwate

Chairman of Audit Committee

DIN : 00109854

R J Jeyamurugan

CFO & Company Secretary

Mumbai

11th May, 2023

Mumbai

11th May, 2023

(` in Crores)

Particulars

Notes

As at

31.03.2023

As at

31.03.2022

Current Liabilities

Financial Liabilities

Borrowings

16

896.06

731.12

Lease Liabilities

17

231.47

212.85

Trade Payables

Total Outstanding dues of Micro Enterprises and Small Enterprises

19

143.88

83.58

Total Outstanding dues of Creditors other than Micro Enterprises and Small

Enterprises

19

3,491.56

4,080.72

Other Financial Liabilities

18

2,436.02

1,886.81

Other Current Liabilities

21

459.04

376.09

Provisions

20

74.21

69.70

Income Tax Liabilities (Net)

22

163.69

130.12

7,895.93

7,570.99

Total Equity and Liabilities

25,798.00

22,984.45

Significant accounting policies and key accounting estimates and judgements

1

See accompanying notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

2-45

This space has been intentionally left blank:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN : 07232566

Rupen K. Bhatt

Partner

Membership No : 046930

Milind Sarwate

Chairman of Audit Committee

DIN : 00109854

R J Jeyamurugan

CFO & Company Secretary

Mumbai

11th May, 2023

Mumbai

11th May, 2023

(` in Crores)

Particulars

Notes

Year

2022-23

Year

2021-22

PROFIT FOR THE YEAR ATTRIBUTABLE TO :

- Owners of the Company

4,106.45

3,030.57

- Non-controlling interest

88.88

54.24

4,195.33

3,084.81

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR ATTRIBUTABLE TO :

- Owners of the Company

24.51

(212.31)

- Non-controlling interest

(11.47)

(13.35)

13.04

(225.66)

TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR ATTRIBUTABLE TO :

- Owners of the Company

4,130.96

2,818.26

- Non-controlling interest

77.41

40.89

4,208.37

2,859.15

Earnings per equity share (Face value of ` 1 each)

32

Basic (in `)

42.83

31.59

Diluted (in `)

42.82

31.59

Significant accounting policies and key accounting estimates and judgements

1

See accompanying notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

2-45

This space has been intentionally left blank:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN : 07232566

Rupen K. Bhatt

Partner

Membership No : 046930

Milind Sarwate

Chairman of Audit Committee

DIN : 00109854

R J Jeyamurugan

CFO & Company Secretary

Mumbai

11th May, 2023

Mumbai

11th May, 2023:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN : 07232566

Rupen K. Bhatt

Partner

Membership No : 046930

Milind Sarwate

Chairman of Audit Committee

DIN : 00109854

R J Jeyamurugan

CFO & Company Secretary

Mumbai

11th May, 2023

Mumbai

11th May, 2023:

Managing Director

(as at 31st March 2022 ` 6.66 crores)]

-

0.15

297.49

254.60

Payable towards other expenses

[including ` 5.32 crores due to Non-Executive Directors

(as at 31st March 2022 ` 4.72 crores)]

-

-

1,049.80

780.65

Foreign currency forward exchange contract (net)

-

-

-

0.97

Gross obligation towards Earnout (Refer note 43(d))

-

-

58.97

-

Derivative liability towards further stake acquisition in

Associate company (Refer note 43(d))

6.12

-

-

-

Gross obligation towards further stake acquisition in

subsidiary company (Refer note 43(c))

21.46

-

-

-

46.38

2.18

2,412.03

1,862.15

Total

46.38

2.18

2,436.02

1,886.81

* As at 31st March, 2023, ` 23.99 crores (Previous year - ` 23.47 crores) is the amount of unclaimed dividend which remains unpaid by the

Parent Company, and shall be transferred to Investor Education and Protection Fund (‘IEPF’) as and when they become due. There is no

amount due and outstanding to be transferred to the IEPF by the Parent Company.

NOTE 17 : LEASE LIABILITIES (CONTD.)

427

Overview

ESG commitments

Fundamentals

Strengthening our capitals

Statutory reports

Financial statements

NOTE 19 : TRADE PAYABLES

(` in Crores)

Current

As at

31.03.2023

As at

31.03.2022

Trade Payables (including Acceptances)*

Total Outstanding dues of Micro Enterprises and Small Enterprises (MSME)

143.88

83.58

Total Outstanding dues of creditors other than Micro Enterprises and Small Enterprises

3,491.56

4,080.72

Total

3,635.44

4,164.30

*Acceptances include arrangements where operational suppliers of goods and services are initially paid by banks while the Group continues

to recognise the liability till settlement with the banks which are normally effected within a period of 90 days amounting to ` 308.81 crores

(Previous year - ` 317.78 crores).

Trade Payables ageing schedule

(` in Crores)

Not Due

Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment

As at

31.03.2023

Less than

1 year

1 - 2

years

2 - 3

years

More than

3 years

Trade Payables (including Acceptances)

MSME

134.57

9.31

-

-

-

143.88

Other than MSME

3,394.24

96.89

0.11

0.04

0.28

3,491.56

Disputed Dues - MSME

-

-

-

-

-

-

Disputed Dues - Others than MSME

-

-

-

-

-

-

Total

3,528.81

106.20

0.11

0.04

0.28

3,635.44

(` in Crores)

Not Due

Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment

As at

31.03.2022

Less than

1 year

1 - 2

years

2 - 3

years

More than

3 years

Trade Payables (including Acceptances)

MSME

77.37

6.21

-

-

-

83.58

Other than MSME

3,616.26

461.56

1.02

0.70

1.05

4,080.59

Disputed Dues - MSME

-

-

-

-

-

-

Disputed Dues - Others than MSME

-

-

0.13

-

-

0.13

Total

3,693.63

467.77

1.15

0.70

1.05

4,164.30

NOTE 20 : PROVISIONS

(` in Crores)

Non-Current

Current

As at

31.03.2023

As at

31.03.2022

As at

31.03.2023

As at

31.03.2022

(a) Provision for Employee Benefits (Refer note 34)

Provision for Compensated absences

193.67

184.92

32.80

30.20

Provision for Gratuity

1.50

1.95

10.24

4.75

Provision for Pension, Leaving Indemnity, Medical Plan

and Others (unfunded)

32.94

30.25

5.79

4.29

Provision for Post retirement medical and other benefits

1.20

1.20

5.12

1.46

229.31

218.32

53.95

40.70

(b) Others

Provision for excise

-

-

1.29

1.50

Provision for Central Sales Tax(CST)/ VAT and Other

Statutory Liabilities

1.39

-

17.74

26.83

Provision for Warranties

-

-

1.23

0.67

1.39

-

20.26

29.00

Total

230.70

218.32

74.21

69.70:

Managing Director & CEO and based on employee’s grade, performance rating and such other

criteria as may be considered appropriate. The employees shall be entitled to receive one equity share of the

Parent Company on exercise of each stock option, subject to performance of the employees and continuation of

employment over the vesting period. The exercise price for stock options granted are at a discount of 50% to the

Reference Share Price (the average of the daily high and low of the volume weighted average prices of the Shares

quoted on a recognised stock exchange during the 22 trading days preceding the day on which the grant is made)

of the shares of the Parent Company as defined under 2021 Plan.

Further, the 2021 Plan replaced the existing Deferred Incentive Scheme (which provided for deferred cash pay-

outs based on performance of the employees and satisfaction of vesting conditions). Pursuant to launch of 2021

Plan, the eligible employees were given option to convert existing deferred incentive benefit for FY 2020-21 into

ESOPs. Accordingly, stock options were granted to those employees opting for ESOPs.

The Administrator approved secondary purchase of shares equivalent to the options granted in August 2021

through Asian Paints Employees Stock Ownership Trust (“ESOP Trust” or “Trust”) which is shown as treasury

shares in the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity.

(a) Details of stock options granted :

Grant Date

Vesting Date

Options

outstanding at

the beginning

of the year

Options

granted

during the

year

Options

exercised

during the

year

Options

forfeited

during the

year

Options

lapsed

during the

year

Balance

as at year

end

Exercisable

at period

end

Weighted

Average

remaining

contractual

life (years)

Grant 1

16th August,

2021

31st March,

2024

1,08,354

-

-

-

10,822

97,532

7,500

2

Grant 2

16th August,

2021

31st March,

2025

1,13,304

4,854

-

-

12,430

1,05,728

4,404

3

Grant 3

10th February,

2022

31st March,

2025

4,425

-

-

-

684

3,741

73

3

Grant 4

6th June, 2022

31st March,

2026

-

1,34,943

-

-

12,597

1,22,346

1,121

4

Grant 5

8th September,

2022

31st March,

2026

-

6,312

-

-

-

6,312

-

4

Grant 6

19th January,

2023

31st March,

2026

-

1,174

-

-

-

1,174

-

4

Grant 7

31st March,

2023

31st March,

2026

-

1,124

-

-

-

1,124

-

4

Weighted average exercise price for respective option series towards all the movement including opening and closing

outstanding options is same as exercise price on grant date.:

Managing Director & CEO

R J Jeyamurugan

CFO & Company Secretary

Non-Executive Directors

Late Abhay Vakil (upto. 2nd November, 2021)

M.K. Sharma (upto 31st March, 2022)

Amrita Vakil

Nehal Vakil (w.e.f. 1st March, 2022)

Ashwin Dani

Pallavi Shroff

Deepak Satwalekar (Chairman)

R Seshasayee

Jigish Choksi

Dr. S. Sivaram (upto 30th September, 2021)

Malav Dani

Suresh Narayanan

Manish Choksi (Vice Chairman)

Vibha Paul Rishi

Milind Sarwate (appointed w.e.f 21st October, 2021)

451

Overview

ESG commitments

Fundamentals

Strengthening our capitals

Statutory reports

Financial statements

NOTE 35 : RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTD.)

(c) Names of Close Family Members of Key Managerial Personnel (apart from those who are in

employment of the Parent Company) where transactions have taken place during the year :

Aashay Ashish Choksi

Ina Ashwin Dani

Rita Mahendra Choksi

ACC AP Trust

Ishwara Hasit Dani

Rupal Anant Bhat

Ami Manish Choksi

Jalaj Ashwin Dani

Rupen Ashwin Choksi

Anay Rupen Choksi

Late Abhay Arvind Vakil

Sanjay Rishi

Asha Subhash Gujarathi

Late Amar Arvind Vakil

Satyen Ashwin Gandhi

Ashish Ashwin Choksi $

Mahendra Chimanlal Choksi $

Shailesh Chimanlal Choksi $

Ashwin Ramanlal Gandhi

Manish Mahendra Choksi HUF

Shalinie Syngle

Ashwin Suryakant Dani HUF

Meghna Satyen Gandhi

Shubhlakshmi Hasit Dani

Bhairavi Abhay Vakil

Mudit Jalaj Dani

Smiti Jalaj Dani

Binita Ashish Choksi

Nysha Rupen Choksi

Urvashi Ashwin Choksi

Chandanben Chhotalal Shah

Prafullika Shailesh Choksi

Vaibhavi Hiren Gandhi

Dipika Amar Vakil

Ragini Varun Vakil

Vishal Shailesh Choksi

Druhi Ashish Choksi

Rhea Manish Choksi

Vita Jalaj Dani

Hasit Ashwin Dani $

Richa Manish Choksi

Vivek Abhay Vakil $

Hiren Ashwin Gandhi

$ includes HUF of which he is the karta

(d) Close family members of Key Managerial Personnel who are under the employment of the Parent

Company and with whom transactions have taken place during the year :

Varun Vakil ++

++ includes HUF of which he is the karta

(e) Entities where Key Managerial Personnel / Close family members of Key Managerial Personnel

have control / significant influence and where transactions have taken place during the year :

Addverb Technologies Ltd. $

Hitech Specialities Solutions Ltd.

Resins and Plastics Ltd.

Ankleshwar Industrial Development

Society

Hydra Trading Pvt. Ltd.

Ricinash Renewable Materials Pvt.

Ltd. ^^

Asteroids Trading and Investments

Pvt. Ltd

Jalaj Trading and Investment Company Pvt. Ltd.

Rupen Investment and Industries

Pvt. Ltd.

Castle Investment & Industries Pvt.

Ltd.

Jaldhar Investments and Trading Company Pvt.

Ltd

Sattva Holding and Trading Pvt. Ltd.

Centaurus Trading and Investments

Pvt. Ltd.

Lambodar Investments and Trading Company

Ltd.

Satyadharma Investments and

Trading Company Pvt Ltd.

Dani Finlease Pvt. Ltd. @

Lyon Investment and Industries Pvt. Ltd.

Shardul Amarchand Mangaldas & Co.

Doli Trading and Investments Pvt.

Ltd.

Murahar Investments and Trading Company Ltd.

Stack Pack Ltd.

Elcid Investments Ltd.

Navbharat Packaging Industries Pvt. Ltd. **

Smiti Holding and Trading Company

Pvt. Ltd.

ELF Trading and Chemical

Manufacturing Pvt. Ltd. *

Nehal Trading and Investments Pvt. Ltd.

Sudhanva Investments and Trading

Company Pvt.Ltd.

Geetanjali Trading and Investments

Pvt. Ltd.

Paladin Paints and Chemicals Pvt. Ltd.

Suptaswar Investments and Trading

Company Ltd.

Gujarat Organics Pvt. Ltd. %

Riash Renewable Materials Pvt. Ltd. @@

Tru Trading and Investments Pvt.

Ltd.

Hiren Holdings Pvt. Ltd.

Piramal Swasthya Management and Research

Institute

Unnati Trading and Investments Pvt.

Ltd.

Hitech Corporation Ltd.

Rayirth Holding and Trading Company Pvt. Ltd.

Vikatmev Containers Ltd.

$ till 31st March, 2022. Change in name w.e.f. 16th September, 2022 (formerly known as Addverb Technologies Pvt. Ltd.).

@ change in name w.e.f. 7th February, 2022 (formerly known as Dani Finlease Ltd.).:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN : 07232566

Milind Sarwate

Chairman of Audit Committee

DIN : 00109854

R J Jeyamurugan

CFO & Company Secretary

Mumbai

11th May, 2023:

Letter in respect of the agreed indicators listed below (the “Identified Sustainability Indicators”). These

indicators are as included in the “GRI content index” in the Integrated Annual Report and the Business Responsibility

and Sustainability Report (BRSR) of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2023. The reporting boundary for BRSR

is as disclosed in Question 13 of Section A of the BRSR, with exceptions, if any, been disclosed as a note under the

respective questions under BRSR.

Identified Sustainability Indicators

The Identified Sustainability Indicators for the year ended March 31, 2023 are summarised in Appendix 1 to this report.

Our limited assurance engagement was with respect to the year ended March 31, 2023 information only and we have

not performed any procedures with respect to earlier periods or any other elements included in the Integrated

Annual Report and BRSR and, therefore, do not express any conclusion thereon.

Criteria

The criteria used by Asian Paints Limited are:

Criteria 1: Global Reporting Initiatives Standards (“GRI Standards”) 2021, as set out under Appendix 1 to this report, to

prepare Identified Sustainability Indicators for inclusion in the Integrated Annual Report.

Criteria 2: Guidance note for BRSR format, as set out under Appendix 1 to this report, to prepare Identified

Sustainability Indicators for inclusion in the BRSR.

Management’s Responsibility

The Company’s Management is responsible for identification of key aspects of Integrated Annual Report and BRSR,

engagement with stakeholders, content and presentation of the Integrated Annual Report and BRSR in accordance

with the Criteria mentioned above. This responsibility includes the design, implementation, and maintenance

of internal control relevant to the preparation of the Integrated Annual Report and BRSR, and measurement of

Identified Sustainability Indicators, which are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

Inherent limitations

The absence of a significant body of established practice on which to draw to evaluate and measure non-financial

indicators allows for different, but acceptable, measures and measurement techniques and can affect comparability

between entities.

Our Independence and Quality Management

We have complied with the independence and other ethical requirements of the International Code of Ethics for

Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) issued by the International Ethics

Standards Board for Accountants (IESBA Code), which is founded on fundamental principles of integrity, objectivity,

professional competence and due care, confidentiality and professional behavior.

Our firm applies International Standard on Quality Management 1 and accordingly maintains a comprehensive

system of quality management including documented policies and procedures regarding compliance with ethical

requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.:

letter/ Scope of Assurance



The statements that describe expression of opinion, belief, aspiration, expectation, aim or future intentions

provided by the Company and testing or assessing any forward-looking assertions and/or data.

Limited Assurance Conclusion

Based on the procedures we have performed and the evidence we have obtained, nothing has come to our attention

that causes us to believe that the Company’s Identified Sustainability Indicators included in the Integrated Annual

Report and BRSR for the year ended March 31, 2023 are not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the

respective criteria.

Restriction on Use

Our limited assurance report, including the conclusion, has been prepared and addressed to the Board of Directors of

the Asian Paints Limited at the request of the company solely to assist the Company in reporting on the Company’s

Sustainability performance and activities. Accordingly, we accept no liability to anyone, other than the Company. Our

deliverables should not be used for any other purpose or by any person other than the addressees of our deliverables.

The Firm neither accepts nor assumes any duty of care or liability for any other purpose or to any other party to whom

our Deliverables are shown or into whose hands it may come without our prior consent in writing.

For Price Waterhouse Chartered Accountants LLP

Firm Registration No: 012754N/500016

Heman Sabharwal

Partner

Place: Gurugram

Membership Number: 093263

Date: June 2, 2023

UDIN: 23093263BGWPNC9682:

Letter in respect of the agreed Indicators listed below (the ‘Identified Sustainability Indicators’)

in accordance with the Criteria stated below. These indicators are as included in the “GRI content index” in the

Integrated Annual Report and the Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (BRSR) of the Company for the

year ended March 31, 2023. The reporting boundary for BRSR is as disclosed in Question 13 of Section A of the BRSR,

with exceptions, if any, been disclosed as a note under the respective questions under BRSR.

Identified Sustainability Indicators

The Identified Sustainability Indicators for the year ended March 31, 2023 are summarized in Appendix 1 to this report.

Our reasonable assurance engagement was with respect to the financial year ended March 31, 2023, information

only and we have not performed any procedures with respect to earlier periods or any other elements included in the

Integrated Annual Report and BRSR and, therefore, do not express any conclusion thereon.

Criteria

The criteria used by Asian Paints Limited are:

Criteria 1: Global Reporting Initiatives Standards (“GRI Standards”) 2021, as set out under Appendix 1 to this report, to

prepare Identified Sustainability Indicators for inclusion in the Integrated Annual Report.

Criteria 2: Guidance note for BRSR format, as set out under Appendix 1 to this report, to prepare Identified

Sustainability Indicators for inclusion in the BRSR.

Management’s Responsibility

The Company’s management is responsible for identification of key aspects of Integrated Annual Report and BRSR,

engagement with stakeholders, and content and preparation of the Integrated Annual Report and BRSR in accordance

with the Criteria mentioned above. This responsibility includes the design, implementation, and maintenance of

internal control relevant to the preparation of the Integrated Annual Report and BRSR and the measurement of the

Identified Sustainability Indicators, which is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

Inherent limitations

The absence of a significant body of established practice on which to draw to evaluate and measure non-financial

information allows for different, but acceptable, measures and measurement techniques and can affect comparability

between entities. In addition, Greenhouse gas (‘GHG’) quantification is subject to inherent uncertainty because of

incomplete scientific knowledge used to determine emissions factors and the values needed to combine emissions of

different gases.

Our Independence and Quality Management

We have complied with the independence and other ethical requirements of the International Code of Ethics for

Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) issued by the International Ethics

Standards Board for Accountants (IESBA Code), which is founded on fundamental principles of integrity, objectivity,

professional competence, and due care, confidentiality, and professional behavior.

Our firm applies International Standard on Quality Management 1 and accordingly maintains a comprehensive

system of quality management including documented policies and procedures regarding compliance with ethical

requirements, professional standards, and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.:

letter/ Scope of Assurance



The statements that describe expression of opinion, belief, aspiration, expectation, aim or future intentions

provided by the Company and testing or assessing any forward-looking assertions and/or data.

Opinion

Based on the procedures we have performed and the evidence we have obtained, the Company’s Identified

Sustainability Indicators in the Integrated Annual Report and BRSR for the year ended March 31, 2023 are prepared

in all material respects, in accordance with the respective Criteria.

Restriction on use

Our Reasonable Assurance report, including the opinion, has been prepared and addressed to the Board of Directors

of Asian Paints Limited at the request of the Company solely, to assist the Company in reporting on Company’s

sustainability performance and activities. Accordingly, we accept no liability to anyone, other than the Company. Our

deliverables should not be used for any other purpose or by any person other than the addressees of our deliverables.

The firm neither accepts nor assumes any duty of care or liability for any other purpose or to any other party to whom

our deliverables are shown or into whose hands it may come without our prior consent in writing.

For Price Waterhouse Chartered Accountants LLP

Firm Registration No: 012754N/500016

Heman Sabharwal

Partner

Place: Gurugram

Membership Number: 093263

Date: June 2, 2023

UDIN: 23093263BGWPND3666:

