Managing Director &

CEO’s Message

12

Board of Directors

14

Corporate Information

15

Elevating manufacturing expertise

16

Optimising our Logistics

18

Innovation-focused R&D

20

Strengthening our IT infrastructure

22

Keeping our people at the Core

24

Strategic Marketing for

sustained growth

26

Driving Sales through innovation

29

Exterior painting

30

Construction chemicals

32

New products introduced

34

Digital marketing

36

Express painting by Berger

– First in India

38

Our landmark projects – Prolinks

40

Protecton

42

Automotive-General Industrial

Coatings

46

Powder coatings

48

Building stronger communities

– CSR

49

Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures

50

Financial highlights

52

Embedding sustainability in

all that we do

54

01:

Dear Shareholders,

On behalf of the Board and the entire

leadership team at Berger, I am deeply

grateful to all of you for being a part of

our transformational journey for nearly a

century. As we reflect on Berger’s journey

across decades and its profound impact on

India’s paints and coatings industry, we are

filled with hope, optimism and a deep sense

of responsibility to uphold the legacy.

I have had the privilege of being a part of

this journey since 1991, when I took over as

the Chairman of Berger Paints to help chart

its journey to greatness. We had made a

commitment then to strive to meet the ever-

evolving needs of our customers, no matter

what the challenges. This required us to

be at the vanguard of innovation, quality

assurance, and customer satisfaction in the

industry.

Our success in consistently meeting

customer expectations has been the

principal reason for our continued success

in all these years. In this process, we have

been helped by many highly motivated

and committed team members, who went

beyond their call of duty to prove their

worth and emerge as the driving force

of the organisation. It has therefore been

a matter of great pride for me to have

presided over the three decades during

which Berger rose from being the laggard

No. 5 in the Indian paint industry to being

amongst the four largest paint companies in

Asia and amongst the 7 largest decorative

paint companies in the world. Together, we

painted Berger’s vibrant story of growth.

Now coming to the big picture that

unfolded before us in FY23, the Indian

economy has indeed weathered the global

slowdown far better than many other

economies of comparable size and heft. At

Berger, we kept an unwavering eye on our

innovation pipeline, both for launching new

products and for new services, and have

been quite successful in bringing to the

market a wide array of successful solutions.

Given the state of the world economy and

the macro-economic environment, we

were conscious of the need to be fiscally

responsible even as we capitalised on all

available opportunities for growth. Various

measures were taken to keep operating

costs in check and to maintain our record

of profitable growth. This was supported by

launches of well researched and innovative

products, customer-friendly services,

optimised product formulations, highly

efficient supply pipeline and expanding

distribution reach.

We have witnessed phenomenal growth

between 2001 and 2023, surpassing the

GDP growth by a good measure. However,

we have never tried to accelerate growth

by playing the price card and putting undue

pressure on our esteemed customers.

Even as revenues were galloping at 22x

in this period, our profits in the same

period grew at an unprecedented rate

of 33x. This same period threw up the

challenges of demonetisation, GST and

Covid. However, where others saw a crisis,

we saw an opportunity. We stayed true to

our organisational ethos of focusing on

the consumer and innovated significantly,

putting emphasis on services and emerging

product segments, and grew while

delivering stellar and profitable growth to

our stakeholders.

Where efficiency meets excellence

We continually adopt cutting-edge

technologies that improve manufacturing

efficiencies and adopt environmentally

responsible manufacturing practices. For

instance, our latest plant at Sandila in UP,

that became operational in February this

year, is completely automated and a zero-

liquid discharge plant. Many of our earlier

plants have been upgraded and retrofitted

with newer technologies especially roof-top

solar power plants resulting in 66,41,152 kwh

of electricity generated through solar power

in FY 22-23.

Our distribution reach has grown

significantly in recent years with Berger

adding over 8,000 retailers in the last

financial year alone and continuing to add

more every day. Today, we use a significant

level of digitisation to drive efficiency,

optimise costs and enhance customer

experience.

We use digital tools for project

management, market reconnaissance,

project estimation, colour selection,

scheduling and invoicing, including data

analytics to understand customer behaviour

and market trends. In addition, Darwin Box

for human resource management and O9

for supply-chain management have been

among the many solutions implemented,

which have accelerated decision-making

significantly.

The use of AI-enabled solutions is quite

prevalent across functions and we are also

using it to enhance the consumer-service

experience. We are also convinced of the

need to further enhance the degree of

digitisation across the organisation.

Strengthening our brand equity

Berger enjoys a sizeable brand equity

among Indian consumers, thanks to the

inherent customer-centricity in its core

business values, supported by a consistent

marketing outreach to its consumers.

At Berger, we recognise the need to

continually connect with, engage, inform,

educate our customers and use both

traditional and new-age media to do so.

We attempt to tell compelling stories using

relatable characters and curated customer

experiences. Some of our brands also have

celebrity influencers but these decisions are

very carefully taken as we are cognisant of

the need for our advertising to consistently

reflect our personality, core values and

the unique selling propositions of our

brand. Establishing a clear brand identity is

important as it helps reinforce brand recall

in the minds of consumers.

Television, print and radio have always

been an integral part of our communication

Our success in consistently meeting customer

expectations has been the principal reason for

our continued success in all these years.

It has therefore been a matter of great pride for me to

have presided over the three decades during which

Berger rose from being the laggard No. 5 in the Indian

paint industry to being amongst the four largest

paint companies in Asia and amongst the 7 largest

decorative paint companies in the world. Together, we

painted Berger’s vibrant story of growth.

Kuldip Singh Dhingra

Chairman

Annual Report 2022-23

09

08:

Managing Director & CEO’s Message: Dear Shareholders,

I am happy to share that we are at the

threshold of a historic milestone, and will be

soon completing a century of operations in

India, with the encouragement and support

of all our esteemed customers and other

stakeholders.

Over the decades, we have crafted a vibrant

legacy, emerging as a leading paint company

in India, and also having operations in

Poland, Nepal and Russia, with a revenue of

$1.3 billion approximately.

In all these years, India’s socio-

economic landscape has evolved with

big transformational changes impacting

brick surface to carry out waterproofing

treatment. ‘Dampstop Duo’ and ‘Dampstop

Advanced’ can be applied by a paint brush

on the surface of the wall. ‘Dampstop Duo’ is

a unique product which no other Company

has in India today. It combines primer with

waterproofing property and hence named

‘Duo’. It has 2 bar-negative waterproofing

ability and is easy to apply. It can be applied

on both interior and exterior walls to tackle

low to moderate dampness. ‘Dampstop

Advanced’ has 4 bar-negative waterproofing

ability that can be applied on both interior

and exterior plastered surfaces, which is

meant to tackle moderate to high dampness.

We also introduced ‘Berger WeatherCoat

Long Life 15’ for exterior walls. It comes with

a 15-year performance warranty and has

received an excellent initial response from

the launch markets. ‘Berger WeatherCoat

Anti Dustt Kool’ is a unique product for

exterior walls which comes with heat

reflective nano-technology. WeatherCoat

Anti Dustt Kool’s unique formulations

provide excellent protection against dust

and heat that keeps the house brighter and

cooler for years to come. In areas which have

high temperatures during most part of the

year, Anti Dustt Kool is a very good solution.

‘Berger WeatherCoat Long Life Flexo’, is

a great product which has a high degree

of elasticity and covers the hairline cracks

on the walls and protects the walls from

rain and dust for a long time. It is a high-

performance exterior emulsion which comes

with an 8 year performance warranty.

Despite challenges, our consolidated top

line crossed Rs 10,000 crores in 2022-2023.

We also gained market share in India, with

standalone turnover growth of 22.3%, which

is the highest in the listed industry space. We

expanded our retail footprint, adding 8000+

new retail touchpoints in the financial year

2022-23 and installed 5200+ colour bank

machines.

On the capacity expansion front, our biggest

plant at Sandila, Uttar Pradesh commenced

commercial production in February 2023

with a 33,000 metric tonne capacity, which

will manufacture products across all

categories.

We will continue to strengthen the capacity

addition in existing plants, but no further

green field projects are envisaged for the

financial year 2023-2024. It is pertinent

to mention here that our new plant at

Panagarh in West Bengal is expected to

be commissioned in 2025-26 to produce

industrial paints, solvent based paint and

construction chemicals.

On the international business front, we faced

temporary hardships, owing to geopolitical

headwinds. However situation has started to

normalize gradually and we should be back

on growth path in 23-24. We are confident of

achieving long-term growth, as the industry

globally remains largely attractive.

A closer look at our business

segments

In our decorative business, we have

witnessed consistent growth both in volume

and value terms, thanks to the range of

innovations that we have introduced over the

years. The decorative volume growth clocked

17.5% while the corresponding value growth

looked impressive at 22% for FY 2022-23.

The 3 year CAGR for decorative business

registered a value growth of 18.2%. We are

building on our existing strengths, with more

than 60,000 retail touchpoints across the

country. Several innovative products have

been introduced during the reporting year,

and more are in the pipeline.

I am happy to share that the protective

coating business itself crossed Rs. 1,000

crores in FY2022-23. We are the market

leader in India in this segment. We are also

the market leader in the General Industrial

segment along with our wholly owned

subsidiary, SBL Specialty Coatings Private

Limited. The non-auto industrial business

also recorded impressive growth with a top

line of about Rs. 1450 crores. All industrial

business lines demonstrated improved

profitability at the operating margin level. Our

protective and general industrial business

is likely to have a high compounded growth

rate, aided by the government’s continued

focus on infrastructure creation and

emphasis on ‘Make in India’.

I must also mention here that Berger is

fast emerging as a significant player in the

construction chemical business. Along

with our subsidiary STP Ltd., we achieved

a revenue of approximately Rs 1,000 crores

during the year. We have introduced a whole

range of products in this segment, along

with scientific waterproofing solutions.

Our extensive R&D efforts empower us

to deliver best-in-class and innovative

products to our diverse customers. We

have streamlined our processes through

automation and digitisation to make our

business model more efficient and cost

optimised. We are also strengthening our

brand equity by judiciously leveraging both

traditional and digital media.

Investing in a sustainable future

As one of the most prominent industry

players, we have a responsibility towards

building a sustainable future for all. Our

ESG strategy includes environmental

conservation, upskilling and motivating

our teams and supply chain partners and

supporting various communities.

All our manufacturing units are equipped

with rooftop solar power projects and our

recently commissioned Sandila plant is

capable of running entirely on solar power

through a 2 MW capacity rooftop solar

power plant. We have also managed to

reduce our carbon footprint of around 17,256

MT in FY 2022-23. We are working on

various other projects such as War on Waste

(WOW), the water conservation initiative

named ‘Project JAL’, and ‘Project Stree Shakti’,

which demonstrate our commitment towards

sustainability and promotion of diversity and

inclusion.

Confident steps towards the

future

We expect to improve our performance

across all business segments in view of the

strong demand outlook following moderating

inflation, the prediction of a normal monsoon

and high credit growth in the economy.

I take this opportunity to thank all our

customers, shareholders, Board members

and the larger stakeholder fraternity for their

relentless support in our journey.

Regards,

Abhijit Roy

Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Mr Kanwardip Singh Dhingra

Executive Director

Dr Anoop Kumar Mittal

Independent Director

Audit Committee

Mrs Sonu Halan Bhasin (Chairperson)

Mr Gurbachan Singh Dhingra

Mr Pulak Chandan Prasad

Mr Naresh Gujral

Dr Anoop Kumar Mittal

Business Process & Risk Management Committee

Mr Gurbachan Singh Dhingra (Chairman)

Mr Abhijit Roy

Mr Anoop Hoon

Ms Rishma Kaur

Mr Kanwardip Singh Dhingra

Mr Anil Bhalla

Mr Kaushik Ghosh

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

Mr Kuldip Singh Dhingra (Chairman)

Mr Abhijit Roy

Ms Rishma Kaur

Mr Kanwardip Singh Dhingra

Mr Anil Bhalla

Dr Anoop Kumar Mittal

Mr Arunito Ganguly

Mr Kaushik Ghosh

Compensation & Nomination &

Remuneration Committee

Mr Anoop Hoon (Chairman)

Mr Kuldip Singh Dhingra

Mr Pulak Chandan Prasad

Dr Anoop Kumar Mittal

Stakeholders’ Relationship & Investor

Grievance Committee

Mr Gurbachan Singh Dhingra (Chairman)

Mr Abhijit Roy

Mr Anoop Hoon

Share Transfer Committee

Mr Abhijit Roy (Chairman)

Mr Anoop Hoon

Mr Kaushik Ghosh

Mr Arunito Ganguly

Key Managerial Personnel

Mr Abhijit Roy

(: Managing

Letter, etc.,

for participation in the 99th AGM through VC or OAVM facility and e-Voting during the 99th AGM and since the 99th AGM is

being held through VC or OAVM facility, the Route Map is not annexed in this Notice.:

Letter together with attested specimen signature(s) of

the authorised signatory(ies) who are authorised to vote, to the Scrutinizer through e-mail at aklabhcs@gmail.com with a copy

marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in.

3) The Members can join the AGM in the VC or OAVM mode 30 minutes before and after the scheduled time of the commencement

of the Meeting by following the procedure mentioned in the Notice. The facility of participation at the AGM through VC/OAVM

will be made available for 1000 members on first come first served basis. This will not include large Shareholders (Shareholders

holding 2% or more shareholding), Promoters, Institutional Investors, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, the Chairperson

of the Audit Committee, Chairman of the Compensation and Nomination and Remuneration Committee and Chairman of the

Stakeholders’ Relationship and Investor Grievance Committee, Statutory Auditors, Secretarial Auditor, Scrutinizer and others who

are allowed to attend the AGM without restriction on account of first come first serve basis.

4) In compliance with the aforesaid MCA Circulars and SEBI Circular, Notice of the AGM along with the Annual Report 2022-

23 is being sent only through electronic mode to those Members whose e-mail addresses are registered with the Company/

Depositories. Members may note that the Notice and Annual Report 2022-23 will also be available on the Company’s website

- www.bergerpaints.com, websites of the Stock Exchanges, i.e., BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited at

www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com respectively, and on the e-Voting website of NSDL at www.evoting.nsdl.com.

5) The Register of Members and Share Transfer Books of the Company shall remain closed from Saturday, 5th August, 2023 to Friday,

11th August, 2023.

6) SEBI vide its Circular Nos. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2021/655 dated 3rd November, 2021, SEBI/HO/MIRSD/

MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2021/687 dated 14th December, 2022 and SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2023/37 dated 16th

March, 2023 has provided common and simplified norms for processing investor’s service request by RTA’s and norms for

furnishing PAN, KYC and Nomination details.

As per the said Circular, it is mandatory for the shareholders holding securities in physical form to inter alia furnish PAN, KYC and

Nomination details. Physical folios wherein the PAN, KYC and Nomination details are not available shall be frozen by the RTA on

or after 1st October, 2023. Holders of such frozen folios shall be eligible to lodge their grievance or avail service request from the

RTA only after furnishing the complete documents/details. Similarly, the holders of such frozen folios shall be intimated in case

of any payment including dividend, interest or redemption stating that such payment is due and shall be made electronically upon

furnishing complete documents/details.

Any payments including dividend in respect of such frozen folios shall only be made electronically with effect from 1st April,

2024, upon registering the required details. The said physical folios shall be referred by the Company or RTA to the administering

authority under the Prohibition of Benami Property Transactions Act, 1988 and/or Prevention of Money Laundering Act, 2002, if

they continue to remain frozen as on 31st December, 2025.

Pursuant to the said Circular, the Company has sent individual letters on 18th February, 2023 to all Members holding shares of

the Company in physical form for furnishing their PAN, KYC details (i.e., Postal Address with pin code, email address, mobile

number, bank account details) and Nomination details through Form ISR-1. The said Form ISR-1 can be downloaded from the

website of the Company at https://www.bergerpaints.com/investors/investor-services.html or from the website of Company’s

RTA at http://www.cbmsl.com.

7) Members may please note that SEBI vide its Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8 dated 25th January,

2022 has mandated the Listed Companies to issue securities in demat form only while processing service requests viz., issue of

duplicate securities certificate, claim from Unclaimed Suspense Account, renewal/exchange of securities certificate, endorsement,

sub-division/splitting of securities certificate, consolidation of securities certificates/folios, transmission and transposition.

Further SEBI vide its circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/65 dated 18th May, 2022 has simplified

the procedure and standardized the format of documents for transmission of securities. Accordingly, members are requested to

make service requests by submitting a duly filled and signed Form ISR-4 and ISR-5, as the case may be. The said forms can be

downloaded from the website of the Company at https://www.bergerpaints.com/investors/investor-services.html or of its RTA

at http://www.cbmsl.com.

Members holding equity shares of the Company in physical form are requested to kindly get their equity shares converted into

demat/electronic form since transfer of equity shares/issuance of equity shares in physical form have been disallowed by SEBI.

8) Members holding equity shares in physical form, who have not updated their mandate for receiving the dividends directly in their

bank accounts through Electronic Clearing Service or any other means (“Electronic Bank Mandate”), can register their Electronic

Bank Mandate to receive dividends directly into their bank account electronically or any other means, by sending Form ISR-1

duly filled in and signed, the format of which is available on the website of the Company at https://www.bergerpaints.com/

investors/investor-services.html or from the website of its RTA at http://www.cbmsl.com along with following documents

latest by 31st July, 2023 to the Company at its Registered Office address – (1) Secretarial Department, Berger Paints India

Limited, 129, Park Street, Kolkata - 700017 or to its RTA i.e., (2) M/s CB Management Services (P) Limited (P-22, Bondel Road,

Kolkata -700019):-

a)

copy of cancelled cheque leaf bearing the name of the first or sole holder;

b)

self attested scanned copy of the PAN Card; and

c)

self attested scanned copy of any document (such as AADHAAR Card, Driving License, Election Identity Card, Passport)

in support of the postal address of the Member as registered against their shareholding.

For the Members holding shares in demat mode, you are requested to update your Electronic Bank Mandate through your

Depository Participant(s).

9) To prevent fraudulent transactions, Members are advised to exercise due diligence and notify the Company of any change in

address or demise of any Member as soon as possible. Members are also advised not to leave their demat account(s) dormant for

long. Periodic statement of holdings should be obtained from the concerned Depository Participant and holdings should be verified

from time to time.

10) Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Act, as set out in the Notice is annexed hereto. The recommendations of the

Board of Directors of the Company in terms of Regulation 17(11) of the Listing Regulations is also provided in the said Statement.

Necessary information of the Directors as required under Regulation 36(3) of the Listing Regulations and the Revised Secretarial

Standard on General Meeting (SS-2) issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India (ICSI) is also appended to the Notice.

The Statement read together with the Annexures hereto and these notes form an integral part of this Notice.

11) In terms of General Circular Nos. 20/2020 dated 5th May, 2020, 2/2022 dated 5th May, 2022 and 10/2022 dated 28th December,

2022 and other relevant circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, all items proposed under Special Business are

considered unavoidable by the Board of Directors of the Company.:

letter of appointment for Independent Directors proposed to be appointed/re-appointed

and (v) Notice under Section 160 of the Act, proposing candidature of Directors for appointment/re-appointment shall be made

available for on-line inspection upon login at NSDL e-Voting system at www.evoting.nsdl.com.

13) Members holding shares in physical form who have not yet registered their nomination are requested to register the same by

submitting Form No. SH-13. If a Member desires to opt out or cancel the earlier nomination and record a fresh nomination, he/she

may submit the same in Form ISR-3 or SH-14 as the case may be. Members may download the said forms from the Company’s

website under the weblink at https://www.bergerpaints.com/investors/investor-services.html. Members holding shares in demat

mode should file their nomination with their respective Depository Participant(s).

14) In all correspondence with the Company/the RTA, Members are requested to quote their Folio Number and in case their shares are

held in the dematerialised form, must quote their DP ID and Client ID numbers.

15) Members are reminded to send their dividend warrant(s)/bankers’ cheque(s) and demand draft(s), which have not been encashed,

to the Company, for revalidation. As per the provisions of Section 124(6) of the Act, unclaimed dividend is liable to be transferred

to the Investor Education and Protection Fund of the Central Government after expiry of seven years from the date they become

due for payment.

The Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) had vide notification No. S.O.2866 (E) dated 5th September, 2016 enforced Sections

124(6) and 125 of the Act read with the Investor Education and Protection Fund [IEPF] (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund)

Rules, 2016 (as amended), required companies to transfer the underlying shares to the IEPF, in respect of which the dividends

have remained unclaimed for a consecutive period of seven years. Accordingly, shareholders are requested to apply for unclaimed

dividends immediately to the Company/the RTA. Members are informed that once the unclaimed or unpaid dividend is transferred

to the designated account of IEPF and shares are transferred to the Demat Account of the IEPF Authority, no claim shall lie

against the Company in respect of such dividend/shares. During the Financial Year 2022-23, the Company had transferred 1,42,311

equity shares to IEPF on due dates. The Members, whose unclaimed dividends/shares have been transferred to IEPF, may claim

the same by making an online application to the IEPF Authority in web Form No. IEPF-5 available on http://www.mca.gov.in/

mcafoportal/iepf5Service.do.

The eligible Members are entitled to claim such unclaimed or unpaid dividend and shares including benefits, if any, accruing on

such shares from the IEPF Authority by making an online application in web Form IEPF-5 and sending the physical copy of the

same duly signed (as per the specimen signature recorded with the Company) along with requisite documents at the Registered

Office of the Company for verification of their claims. However, before filing of claim(s) with IEPF Authority, Members/claimants

are advised to approach the Company for issue of Entitlement: letter along with all the required documents as per the communication

issued by the IEPF Authority on 20th July, 2022. Relevant details and the specified procedure to claim refund of dividend amount/

shares along with an access link to the refund web page of IEPF Authority’s website for claiming such dividend amount/shares has

been provided on the Company’s website, i.e., www.bergerpaints.com under the “Investor Services” category. The due dates for

transfer of the unclaimed or unpaid dividend relating to subsequent years to IEPF are as follows:.

Period

Type

Date of Transfer to IEPF

2015-16

FINAL

08.09.2023

2016-17

FINAL

08.09.2024

2017-18

FINAL

04.09.2025

2018-19

FINAL

06.09.2026

2019-20

INTERIM

24.03.2027

2019-20

FINAL

30.10.2027

2020-21

FINAL

02.10.2028

2021-22

FINAL

01.10.2029

16) The shareholders holding shares in physical mode and whose names appear in the Register of Members on 11th August, 2023

shall be eligible for receipt of dividend, while the shareholders holding shares in electronic mode and whose names appear in

the list of beneficial holders furnished by respective Depositories as at the end of business hours on 4th August, 2023 shall be

eligible for receipt of dividend as recommended by the Board subject to approval of the proposed resolution in this connection

by the Members of the Company. Accordingly, as per current SEBI Regulations, dividend is required to be credited to Members’

respective bank accounts through National Automated Clearing House (NACH), wherever the facility is available and the requisite/

valid details/mandates have been provided by the Members. Members desirous of availing this facility may send the details of their

bank accounts with addresses and MICR and IFSC Codes of their banks to their Depository Participants (in case of shares held in

dematerialised form) or to the Company’s RTA (in case of shares held in physical form) at the earliest.

17) Pursuant to the amendment made in Regulation 40 of Listing Regulations and vide Gazette notification dated 24th January, 2022,

except in case of transmission or transposition of securities, requests for effecting transfer shall not be processed unless the securities

are held in dematerialised form with a depository.

18) As the AGM is being conducted through VC or OAVM, the Members are requested to express their views/send their queries in

writing well in advance for smooth conduct of the AGM but not later than 5:00 P.M. (IST) Friday, 4th August, 2023 mentioning

their names, folio numbers/demat account numbers, e-mail addresses and mobile numbers at sumandey@bergerindia.com with

a copy to rajibde@bergerindia.com and only such questions/queries received by the Company till the said date and time shall be

considered and responded during the AGM.

Members willing to express their views or raise queries during the AGM are required to register themselves as speakers by

sending their requests on or before Friday, 4th August, 2023 (5:00 P.M. IST) at sumandey@bergerindia.com with a copy to

rajibde@bergerindia.com from their registered e-mail addresses mentioning their names, folio numbers/demat account numbers,

letter issued by the Assessing Officer, to avail the benefit of lower rate of

deduction or non-deduction of tax at source by sending an e-mail to subhabrata@cbmsl.co/ranarc@cbmsl.co on or before

31st July, 2023.

(iii) Non-resident Shareholders can avail beneficial rates under tax treaty between India and their country of residence, subject

to providing necessary documents i.e., No Permanent Establishment and Beneficial Ownership Declaration, Tax Residency

Certificate, Form 10F, any other document which may be required to avail the tax treaty benefits by sending an e-mail to

subhabrata@cbmsl.co/ranarc@cbmsl.co. The aforesaid declarations and documents need to be submitted by the Shareholders

on or before 31st July, 2023.

Please refer to Annexure A of Corporate Governance Report under “General Shareholder Information” for further details.

20) As on 31st March, 2023, 3,61,565 equity shares of `1/- each fully paid up have remained unclaimed for 126 shareholders. During

the year, the Company has received 12 requests from the Members for transfer of their unclaimed shares in aggregate from the

Company’s unclaimed demat suspense account, i.e., ‘M/s Berger Paints India Limited – Unclaimed Demat Suspense Account’ and

accordingly, the Company has transferred those unclaimed shares from its unclaimed demat suspense account. Further, 38,283

equity shares of `1/- each were transferred from unclaimed suspense account to IEPF Account between the period 1st April, 2022

to 31st March, 2023. The details are given in Annexure A of the Corporate Governance Report.

21) In compliance with the provisions of Section 108 of the Act, read with the provisions of the Companies (Management and

Administration) Amendment Rules, 2015 and Regulation 44 of the Listing Regulations (as amended), and the MCA Circulars dated

5th May, 2020, 13th January, 2021, 5th May, 2022 and 28th December, 2022, the Company is providing facility of remote e-Voting

to its Members in respect of the business to be transacted at the AGM. The Company has engaged National Securities Depository

Limited (“NSDL”) to provide to the Members the e-Voting platform and services for casting their vote through remote e-Voting

on all resolutions set forth in this Notice. Only those Members who are present in the Meeting through VC or OAVM facility and

have not cast their votes on resolutions through remote e-Voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be allowed to

vote through e-Voting system during the AGM.

The remote e-Voting period will commence on 8th August, 2023 (Tuesday at 9:00 a.m.) and will end on 10th August, 2023

(Thursday at 5:00 p.m.). During this period, Members of the Company, holding shares either in physical mode or in dematerialised

mode, may cast their vote electronically. The remote e-Voting module shall be disabled by NSDL for voting thereafter.

The procedure for remote e-Voting is as under:

Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system

A) Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode

In terms of SEBI circular dated 9th December, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders

holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository

Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts in order to access

e-Voting facility.

Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below:

Type of shareholders

Login Method

Individual Shareholders

holding securities in

demat mode with NSDL

1.

Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL viz. https://eservices.nsdl.com

either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. On the e-Services home page click on the “Beneficial

Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section , this will prompt you to enter

your existing User ID and Password. After successful authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting

services under Value added services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you

will be able to see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e., NSDL

and you will be re-directed to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote

e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.

2.

If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at https://eservices.nsdl.

com. Select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal” or click at https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/

IdeasDirectReg.jsp.

3.

Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://www.

evoting.nsdl.com/either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Voting

system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’

section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e., your sixteen digit demat

account number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the screen.

After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see

e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e., NSDL and you will be

redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or

joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.:

letter etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized

signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to aklabhcs@gmail.com/aklabh@aklabh.com

with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in. Institutional shareholders (i.e., other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can

also upload their Board Resolution/Power of Attorney/Authority: Letter etc. by clicking on "Upload Board Resolution/

Authority Letter" displayed under "e-Voting" tab in their login.

2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep your password

confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password.

In such an event, you will need to go through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?”

option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-voting user manual

for Shareholders available at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on: 022 - 4886 7000 and 022 - 2499

7000 or send a request to Ms Pallavi Mhatre, Senior Manager at evoting@nsdl.co.in.

Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for procuring user id and

password and registration of e-mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions set out in this notice:

1.

In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the share

certificate (front and back), PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAAR (self attested scanned copy of

Aadhaar Card) by email to sumandey@bergerindia.com/rajibde@bergerindia.com.

2.

In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary

ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card),

AADHAAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhaar Card) to sumandey@bergerindia.com/rajibde@bergerindia.

com. If you are an Individual shareholder holding securities in demat mode, you are requested to refer to the login

method explained at step 1 (A) i.e., Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders

holding securities in demat mode.

3.

Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.co.in for procuring user id and password for

e-voting by providing above mentioned documents.

In terms of SEBI circular dated 9th December, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual

shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with

Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are required to update their mobile number and email ID

correctly in their demat account in order to access e-Voting facility.

letter, mentioning the name, folio

number/demat account details and number of shares held and complete postal address; (ii) Self-attested scanned copy of PAN Card;

and (iii) Self-attested scanned copy of any document (such as AADHAAR card/latest Electricity Bill/latest Telephone Bill/ Driving

License/Passport/Voter ID Card/Bank Passbook particulars) in support of the postal address of the Member as registered against their

shareholding. Members, who hold shares in physical mode and already having valid e-mail addresses registered with the Company/

the RTA, need not take any further action in this regard.

25) In case of joint holders attending the meeting, only such joint holder, who is higher in the order of names, will be entitled to vote

at the Meeting.

26) Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the Act, Mr A.K. Labh, Practising Company Secretary (FCS-4848/CP-3238) of M/s

A.K.Labh & Co., Company Secretaries has been appointed as the Scrutinizer to scrutinize the remote e-Voting process as well as

voting by Members (who have not cast their vote through remote e-Voting) participating at the AGM through VC or OAVM as on the

date of AGM in a fair and transparent manner.

27) The Scrutinizer shall, immediately after the conclusion of voting at the AGM, first count the votes cast during the AGM, thereafter

unblock the votes cast through remote e-Voting and make, within two working days of conclusion of the AGM, a consolidated

Scrutinizer’s Report of the total votes cast in favour or against, if any, to the Chairman or Company Secretary or a person authorised

by the Chairman in writing, who shall countersign the same.

28) The result declared along with the Scrutinizer’s Report shall be placed on the Company’s website www.bergerpaints.com, the

e-Voting website of NSDL - www.evoting.nsdl.com and on the notice board of the Company's registered office immediately. The

Company shall simultaneously forward the results to National Stock Exchange of India Limited, BSE Limited and The Calcutta Stock

Exchange Limited, where the shares of the Company are listed.

29) Subject to receipt of requisite number of votes, the resolutions proposed in the Notice shall be deemed to be passed on the date of the

Meeting itself i.e., 11th August, 2023.:

letter of appointment, setting out the terms and conditions of his reappointment and all other documents

referred to in the accompanying Notice and this Statement shall be available for inspection by the Members electronically. Members

seeking to inspect the same are requested to follow the procedure mentioned in Note No.12 to this Notice.

The Board recommends the resolution as set out in Item No.5 of the Notice for approval of the Members by way of a

Special Resolution.

Except Mr Hoon, and his relatives, no other Director or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their relatives are concerned

or interested, financially or otherwise, in Resolution No.5 as contained in the Notice.

A brief profile and other information as required under Regulation 36 of the Listing Regulations and Secretarial Standard-2 issued

by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India (ICSI) is annexed to this Notice.

ITEM NO. 6

Pursuant to Section 149 of the Act and upon the recommendations of the Compensation and Nomination and Remuneration

Committee, the Board of Directors at its meeting held on 1st February, 2019 appointed Mrs Sonu Halan Bhasin (Mrs Bhasin) as an

Additional Director (Category: Non-Executive, Independent) of the Company. She was appointed as an Independent Director of

the Company for a first term of 5 (five) consecutive years w.e.f. 1st February, 2019 up to 31st January, 2024 by the Members at the

Annual General Meeting of the Company held on 5th August, 2019. Mrs Bhasin has registered herself with the Indian Institute of

Corporate Affairs (IICA) and her name is included in the data bank maintained by the IICA. Her present tenure as an Independent

will expire on 31st January, 2024.

In terms of Section 152 read with Schedule IV of the Companies Act, 2013, the Board is of the opinion that Mrs Bhasin fulfils the

conditions for her reappointment as an Independent Director as specified in the Act and the Listing Regulations and is Independent

of the management of the Company. The Board pursuant to the recommendation of the Compensation and Nomination and

Remuneration Committee approved the re-appointment of Mrs Bhasin as an Independent Director of the Company, not being liable

to retire by rotation, considering her experience as a senior professional with career spanning over 30 years, setting-up and managing

businesses and her association with several reputed companies for a second term of 5 (five) consecutive years commencing from 1st

February, 2024 up to 31st January, 2029, subject to the approval of Members, by way of a Special Resolution.:

letter of appointment, setting out the terms and conditions of her reappointment and all other documents

referred to in the accompanying Notice and this Statement shall be available for inspection by the Members electronically. Members

seeking to inspect the same are requested to follow the procedure mentioned in Note No.12 to this Notice.

The Board recommends the resolution as set out in Item No.6 of the Notice for approval of the Members by way of a

Special Resolution.

Except Mrs Bhasin, and her relatives, no other Director or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their relatives are concerned

or interested, financially or otherwise, in Resolution No. 6 as contained in the Notice.

A brief profile and other information as required under Regulation 36 of the Listing Regulations and Secretarial Standard-2 issued

by ICSI is annexed to this Notice.

ITEM NO. 7

Mr Gopal Krishna Pillai [Mr Pillai (DIN: 02340756)] was appointed as an Additional Director (Category: Non-Executive,

Independent) of the Company by the Board of Directors with effect from 15th May, 2023 pursuant to Section 161 of the Act.

Mr Pillai has filed declaration of independence and is deemed to be Independent within the meaning of Section 149 of the Act and

Regulation 16 of the Listing Regulations.

In terms of Section 161 of the Act, Mr Pillai holds office as an Additional Director up to the conclusion of the ensuing Annual

General Meeting and the Company has received a notice in writing from a Member in terms of Section 160 of the Act proposing

the candidature of Mr Pillai for appointment as an Independent Director as per the provisions of Sections 149 and 152 of the Act.

Mr Pillai, a retired officer of the Indian Administrative Service (IAS) has worked in a number of senior positions in the Central and

State Governments.

Mr Pillai will attain the age of 75 (seventy five) years on 30th November, 2023 and the continuation of his directorship will be subject

to approval of the shareholders by way of a Special Resolution as required under Regulation 17(1A) of the Listing Regulations.

Earlier, Mr Pillai was Non-executive, Independent Director of the Company from 12th September, 2014 to 11th September, 2019.

Mr Pillai is not debarred from holding office of a Director by virtue of any SEBI Order or Order of any other such authority.

Based on the recommendation of the Compensation and Nomination and Remuneration Committee and subject to the approval of the

Members of the Company, the Board of Directors of the Company considering Mr Pillai’s experience as an Administrator approved

his appointment as an Independent Director. Accordingly, approval of the Members is now sought for appointment of Mr Pillai for

a period of 5 (five) consecutive years from the date of his appointment i.e, from 15th May, 2023 up to 14th May, 2028. Pursuant to

Section 149(13) of the Act, Mr Pillai will not be liable to retire by rotation.

In terms of the provisions of the Act, Mr Pillai has filed requisite consent(s)/disclosures before the Board. As required under

Regulation 25(8) of the Listing Regulations, Mr Pillai has confirmed that he is not aware of any circumstance or situation which

exists or may be reasonably anticipated that could impair or impact his ability to discharge his duties. Mr Pillai has registered himself

with the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs (IICA) and his name is included in the data bank maintained by the IICA. In the opinion

of the Board, Mr Pillai meets the criteria of Independence as stipulated under Section 149(6) of the Act and Rules framed and is

Independent of the management.

Mr Pillai is entitled to commission on net profits of the Company not exceeding 1% in aggregate (together with all Non-Executive

Directors) as computed in the manner referred to in Section 198 of the Act and Rules framed thereunder subject to a maximum of

`1 Crore per annum.

The copy of the draft: letter of appointment, setting out the terms and conditions of his appointment and all other documents referred

to in the accompanying Notice and the Explanatory Statement shall be available for inspection by the Members electronically.

Members seeking to inspect the same are requested to follow the procedure mentioned in Note No.12 to this Notice.

The Board recommends the resolution as set out in Item No.7 for approval of the Members by way of a Special Resolution.

Except Mr Pillai, and his relatives, no other

Managing Director nor

Whole-time Directors, are entitled to receive Commission on Net Profits not exceeding 1% in aggregate of the Net Profits determined in accordance

with the provisions of Section 198 of the Companies Act, 2013 subject to a limit of `1 crore per annum and as approved by the shareholders at the

Annual General Meeting held on 4th August, 2017.

Particulars

Item No. 3

Item No. 4

Item No. 5

Item No. 6

Item No. 7

Inter se relationship

between Directors

Brother of Mr G.S. Dhingra,

Vice Chairman , father of

Ms Rishma Kaur, Executive

Director and brother of the

father of Mr Kanwardip

Singh Dhingra, Executive

Director

Brother of Mr K.S. Dhingra,

Chairman, father of Mr

Kanwardip Singh Dhingra,

Executive Director and

brother of the father of Ms

Rishma Kaur, Executive

Director

Not Applicable

Not Applicable

Not Applicable

Notes :

1. # Does not include shares held by Mr Kuldip Singh Dhingra and Mr Gurbachan Singh Dhingra as Settlor Trustees of KSD Family Trust and GBS Dhingra

Family Trust respectively.

2. Mr Gopal Krishna Pillai (DIN: 02340756) has been appointed as an Additional Director of the Company with effect from 15th May, 2023 to hold office

as a Non-Executive, Independent Director of the Company for a term of 5 (five) consecutive years, subject to approval of the Members of the Company at

the ensuing 99th AGM.

By Order of the Board

Place: New Delhi

Arunito Ganguly (FCS-9285)

Dated: 15th May, 2023

Vice President & Company Secretary:

Managing Director and CEO is the Director responsible for implementing the BRSR Policy and Mr Arunito

Ganguly, Vice President and Company Secretary is the BRSR Head. As required, the BRSR for FY 2022-23 is attached to this report as

Annexure VIII.

DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT

Your Directors wish to inform that the Audited Accounts containing Financial Statements for the financial year ended 31st March,

2023 are in full conformity with the requirements of the Act. They believe that the Financial Statements reflect fairly, the form and

substance of transactions carried out during the year and reasonably present your Company’s financial condition and results

of operations.

Your Directors further confirm that:

i)

The applicable accounting standards have been followed and wherever required, proper explanations relating to material

departures have been given,

ii)

The Directors have selected such accounting policies and applied them consistently and made judgments and estimates that are

reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company at the end of the financial year

and of the profit or loss of the Company for that period,

iii) Proper and sufficient care has been taken for the maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions

of the Act for safeguarding the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities,

iv) The Accounts have been prepared on a going concern basis,

v)

The Directors have laid down internal financial controls to be followed by the Company and that such internal financial controls

are adequate and operating effectively,

vi) The Directors have devised proper systems to ensure proper compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws and that such

systems were adequate and operating effectively,

POLICY ON APPOINTMENT AND REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS, KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL AND

OTHER EMPLOYEES

The Company has formulated a Remuneration Policy pursuant to the provisions of Section 178 and other applicable provisions of the

Act and Rules thereof. The policy is based on the guiding principle aimed towards retaining and rewarding performers. There has been

no change in the said policy during the financial year ended 31st March, 2023.

The Policy is available at the following weblink: www.bergerpaints.com/about-us/remuneration-policy.html.

QUALIFICATION OR RESERVATIONS IN THE STATUTORY AND SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORTS

Your Board has the pleasure in confirming that no qualification, reservation, adverse remark or disclaimer has been made by the

Statutory Auditors and the Company Secretary in Practice in their Audit Reports issued to the members of the Company. The Statutory

Auditors of the Company have not reported any fraud in terms of the second proviso to Section 143 (12) of the Act.

SHARE CAPITAL

The Authorised Share Capital of your Company as on 31st March, 2023 stood at `120,00,00,000 divided into 120,00,00,000 equity

shares of `1/- each. The Issued Share Capital of your Company is `97,15,13,965 divided into 97,15,13,965 equity shares of `1/- each

and the subscribed and paid-up capital is `97,14,22,485 divided into 97,14,22,485 equity shares of `1/- each fully paid-up.

CREDIT RATING

Credit ratings obtained by the Company during the relevant financial year, for facilities specified in the table below are as follows:-

Name of Entity

Instrument

Rating

CRISIL

Fund Based facilities from Banks

CRISIL AAA /Stable

CRISIL

Non Fund Based facilities from Banks

CRISIL A1+

CRISIL

Commercial Paper

CRISIL A1+

CARE

Commercial Paper

CARE A1+

There was no revision in rating during the year.

LOANS, COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES, INVESTMENTS

Particulars of loans given, investments made, guarantees given and securities provided, if any, along with the purpose for which the

loan or guarantee or security is proposed to be utilised by the recipient are provided in the standalone financial statements (please refer

Notes 7,8,13 and 46 of the standalone financial statements).

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

The Company has always been committed to good corporate governance practices, including in matters relating to Related Party

Transactions (RPTs). Endeavour is consistently made to have only arm’s length transactions with all parties including Related Parties.

The Board of Directors of the Company had a "Policy on Related Party Transactions" in terms of Regulation 23 of the SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 and Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 since 26th September,

2014. However, in light of the various impactful changes pursuant to several amendments in the Listing Regulations and most

of which had been made effective from 01.04.2022, it was necessary to amend the existing policy to align it with the changes as

introduced by SEBI recently. The new policy is available at the following weblink: https://www.bergerpaints.com/about-us/rpt-

policy.html. The Company has also developed a Related Party Transactions (‘RPTs’) Manual and Standard Operating Procedures to

identify and monitor RPTs.

All transactions with related parties are placed before the Audit Committee for approval and Board, as applicable. Prior omnibus

approval of the Audit Committee is obtained for all the RPTs, which are foreseeable and repetitive and/or entered in the ordinary

course of business and are at an arm’s length basis.:

Managing Director & CEO and a KMP of the Company. Mr Srijit Dasgupta ceased to be the

Director-Finance & CFO & KMP w.e.f. close of business hours on 30.09.2022. Thereafter, Mr Vikash Sarda was appointed as the Vice

President & CFO & KMP w.e.f. 01.10.2022. He resigned as the Vice President & CFO & KMP of the Company w.e.f. close of business

hours on 04.01.2023. Further, Mr Kaushik Ghosh was appointed as the Vice President & CFO & KMP w.e.f. 12.01.2023. Messers

Abhijit Roy, Kaushik Ghosh and Arunito Ganguly (Vice President & Company Secretary) are the KMPs of the Company.:

Managing Director & CEO

1,440

1

Mr Kaushik Ghosh **

Vice President & CFO

553

1

** Mr Vikash Sarda, appointed as CFO of the Company w.e.f. 1st October, 2022, consequent upon retirement of Mr Srijit Dasgupta

as Director Finance and CFO w.e.f. closing business hours of 30th September, 2022 was granted 739 options. Mr Sarda resigned

as CFO w.e.f. 4th January, 2023.

Mr Kaushik Ghosh was appointed as VP & CFO of the Company w.e.f. 12th January, 2023.

b) Any other employee who receives a grant in any one year of option amounting to 5%

None

or more of options granted during that year

c) Employees who were granted options, during any one year, equal to or exceeding 1% of

None

the issued capital (excluding outstanding warrants and conversions) of the Company at

the time of grant

vii) A description of the method and significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of options including the

following information:

a) Weighted average values of share price, exercise price, expected volatility, expected option life, expected dividends, risk

free interest rate and any other inputs to the model;

Serial no.

Particulars

2022-2023

i.

Weighted average risk-free interest rate

7.32%

ii.

Weighted average expected life of options

2.64 years

iii.

Weighted average expected volatility

18.85%

iv.

Weighted average expected dividends over the life of the option

`8.18 per option

v.

Weighted average share price

`581.70

vi.

Weighted average exercise price

`1 per share

b) Method used and assumptions made to incorporate effects of expected early exercise: Black-Scholes Options Pricing Model.

c) How expected volatility was determined, including explanation of the extent to which expected volatility was based on

historical volatility;

Expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company’s share price applicable to the total expected life

of each option.

d) Whether and how any other feature of the option grant were incorporated into the measurement of fair value, such as

market condition: None.

ANNEXURE III

REPORT ON CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR)

ACTIVITIES FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR 2022-23

1. Brief outline of CSR Policy:

The CSR vision of Berger Paints India Limited ("the Company") recognises that an enterprise and the society in which it

operates are mutually dependent on each other and the growth of the industry is proportionate to the equitable development of

the country, its environment and its people, irrespective of religion, race, caste, creed and gender. The Company also believes

that all round development can be brought about by paying attention to regions, groups and people which are backward and have

special needs and by helping citizens to acquire useful skills.

`

To this extent, the Company devotes resources, in the manner recommended by its CSR Committee and approved by its Board

of Directors in accordance with the provisions of law for fulfilling the aforesaid objective in the manner laid out in Schedule VII

to the Companies Act, 2013, with particular stress on areas around which the Company operates.

iTrain plays a crucial role in training of new and unskilled painters and upgrading skills of existing painters, and elevating

painting from a casual trade to a profession which is coveted and aspirational. The Company also launched Mobile iTrains

which actively take part in imparting training skills at remote locations.

The focus is on teaching various application techniques, correct usage and introduction to a new generation of paints for walls,

wood, metal and waterproofing methods. There is a special emphasis on use of mechanized equipment and special tools that

make the process more efficient, quicker and cleaner. iTrain aims at creating a new generation of certified painters and opening

doors to sustainable employment avenues.

The Company’s CSR Policy can be viewed at the web link- https://www.bergerpaints.com/about-us/csr-policy.html.

2. The composition of the CSR Committee is provided below:

Sl. No.

Name of Director

Designation/Nature of Directorship

Number of meetings

of CSR Committee

held during the year

Number of meetings

of CSR Committee

attended during the year

1

Mr Kuldip Singh Dhingra

Chairman, Non-Executive Director

1

1

2

Mr Abhijit Roy: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

(DIN: 00048406)

(DIN: 03439064)

Place: New Delhi

Dated: 15th May, 2023

ANNEXURE IV

PARTICULARS OF EMPLOYEES PURSUANT TO SECTION 197(12) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013

READ WITH RULES 5(2) & 5(3) OF THE COMPANIES (APPOINTMENT AND REMUNERATION

OF MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL) RULES, 2014 FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR 2022-2023

A. Top 10 employees including those employed throughout the financial year under review and were in receipt of remuneration

aggregating not less than `1,02,00,000 per annum.

Sl. No.

Name

Designation/

Nature of Duties

Remuneration

(`)

Nature of

employment

(whether

Contractual or

otherwise)

Qualification

Experience

(years)

Date of

commencement of

employment in the

Company

Age

Previous employment/

Position held

1.

Mr Abhijit Roy: Managing

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A, forming an integral part of this report.

For ANJAN KUMAR ROY & CO.

Company Secretaries

ANJAN KUMAR ROY

Proprietor

FCS No. 5684

CP. No. 4557

Place : Kolkata

UDIN: F005684E000284655

Date : 15th May, 2023

Peer Review Certificate No. 869/2020:

letter.

1. Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an

opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2. We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness

of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in

secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we have followed provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4. Where ever required, we have obtained the Management Representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulation

and happening of events etc.

5. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of

management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test check basis.

6. The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness

with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For ANJAN KUMAR ROY & CO.

Company Secretaries

ANJAN KUMAR ROY

Proprietor

FCS No. 5684

CP. No. 4557

Place : Kolkata

UDIN: F005684E000284655

Date : 15th May, 2023

Peer Review Certificate No. 869/2020

ANNEXURE VI

SECRETARIAL COMPLIANCE REPORT

OF

M/s BERGER PAINTS INDIA LIMITED

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED ON 31ST MARCH, 2023

[Pursuant to Regulation 24A(2) of the Securities and Exchange Board

of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015,

as amended read with Circular No. CIR/CFD/CMD1/27/2019,

dated 08/02/2019, issued by Securities and Exchange Board of India]

To

The Members

M/s Berger Paints India Limited

Berger House

129, Park Street

Kolkata – 700017

We have conducted the review of the compliance of the applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate practices

by M/s Berger Paints India Limited (hereinafter referred as ‘the listed entity’), having its Registered Office at Berger House,129

Park Street, Kolkata, WB- 700017. Secretarial Review was conducted in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating the

corporate conducts/ statutory compliances and expressing our opinion thereon.

Based on our verification of the listed entity’s books, papers, minutes books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the

listed entity and also the information provided by the listed entity, its officers, agents and authorized representatives during the conduct

of Secretarial Review, we hereby report that in our opinion, the listed entity has, during the review period covering the financial year

ended on 31st March, 2023 complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the listed entity has proper Board

processes and compliance mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:

We, Anjan Kumar Roy & Co., Company Secretaries, have examined:

(a) All the documents and records made available to us and explanation provided by M/s Berger Paints India Limited

(hereinafter to be referred “the listed entity”),

(b) The filings/submissions made by the listed entity to the stock exchanges,

(c) Website of the listed entity,

(d) Any other document/filing, as may be relevant, which has been relied upon to make this certification, for the financial year

ended on 31st March, 2023 (“Period under review”) in respect of compliance with the provisions of :

(a) The Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 ("SEBI Act") and the Regulations, circulars, guidelines issued

thereunder; and

(b) The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 ("SCRA"), rules made thereunder and the Regulations, circulars,

guidelines issued thereunder by the Securities and Exchange Board of India ("SEBI");

The specific Regulations, whose provisions and the circulars/guidelines issued thereunder, have been examined, include:-

(a) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended;

(b) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, as amended;

(c) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;

(d) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018 - Not Applicable during the Period

under review:

letter of appointment of the Statutory Auditors of the Company that

the conditions as mentioned in 6(A) and 6(B) of Circular No. CIR/CFD/CMD1/114/2019 dated 18th October, 2019 issued by Securities

and Exchange Board of India is included in the terms of appointment of the statutory auditor.

For ANJAN KUMAR ROY & CO.

Company Secretaries

ANJAN KUMAR ROY

Proprietor

FCS No. 5684

CP. No.

4557

Place : Kolkata

UDIN:

F005684E000284666

Date : 15th May, 2023

Peer Review Certificate No. 869/2020:

Managing Director and CEO

DIN Number – 03439064

9. Does the entity have a specified Committee of the Board/Director responsible for decision making on

sustainability related issues? (Yes/No). If yes, provide details.

The entity has an ESG Committee, headed by an

Independent Director and where the MD is also a member

with other divisional heads as members.

10. Details of Review of NGRBCs by the Company:

Subject for Review

Indicate whether review was undertaken by Director / Committee of the

Board/ Any other Committee

Frequency

(Annually/ Half yearly/ Quarterly/ Any other – please specify)

P 1

P 2

P 3

P 4

P 5

P 6

P 7

P 8

P 9

P 1

P 2

P 3

P 4

P 5

P 6

P 7

P 8

P 9

Performance against

above policies and

follow up action

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Annually:

Managing Director & the Chief Executive

Officer in accordance with the definition of the term “relative” defined under the Act. He is entitled to maintain an office in accordance

with Regulation 27(1) read with Schedule-II (Part E) of the Listing Regulations. The Company reimburses the expenses incurred by the

Chairman in the course of performance of his duties.

* Please Refer Notes:

Managing Director and Chief

Executive Officer)

BE (Mechanical), Jadavpur University &

Post Graduate Diploma in Management

from IIM, Bangalore

Vast experience of accomplishing sales, understanding

of market and consumers, contemporary marketing

strategy, branding strategies and business promotion. He

possesses leadership experience in handling financial

management and strategic planning with a vision of the

future. He has been honoured with the Distinguished

Alumni Award 2023 by the prestigious IIM, Bangalore.

Ms Rishma Kaur

(Executive Director)

B.Sc (Hons.) in Business Studies,

University of Buckingham, U.K.

Studied German language, University of

Augsberg, Bavaria, Germany

Has got experience and knowledge in paint industry.

She has been involved in development of business

including those relating to large projects in decorative

paints, development of marketing initiatives and

corporate affairs.:

Letter of Appointment:

In terms of the provisions of Regulation 46(2)(b) of the Listing Regulations and Section 149 of the Act, and Rules framed

thereunder, the Independent Directors of the Company have been appointed for a period of five years by the Members of the

Company at the General Meetings. A formal: letter of appointment setting out the terms and conditions of appointment, roles and

functions, responsibilities, duties, fees and remuneration, liabilities, resignation/removal, etc., as specified under Schedule IV to

the Act, has been issued to each of the Independent

Managing Director & CEO and Vice President & CFO are permanent invitees to all Audit Committee Meetings. The

Committee also invites Members of the Board to attend Meetings of the Committee as per their convenience.

•

The Head of the Internal Audit Department attends all the Audit Committee Meetings and briefs the Committee on all the points

covered in the Internal Audit Report.

• The representatives of the Statutory Auditors have attended the Audit Committee Meetings held during the year.

The terms of reference of the Audit Committee covers the matters specified under the Listing Regulations read with Section 177

of the Act.

Roles & Responsibilities of the Audit Committee, inter-alia, includes, the following:

• Overseeing the Financial Reporting process.

•

Disclosure of financial statements.

•

Recommending appointment/removal of external Auditors and fixing their remuneration.

•

Reviewing the quarterly and annual financial statements before submission to the Board.

•

Reviewing the adequacy of the internal audit function including the structure and staffing of the internal audit department.

•

Ensuring adequacy of the internal control system.

•

Reviewing findings of internal investigations.

•

Discussing the scope of audit with internal auditors.

•

Reviewing the Company’s financial and risk management policies, looking into reasons for substantial defaults, if any, of non-

payment to stakeholders.

•

Granting omnibus approval for related party transactions proposed to be entered by the Company under Section 177

of the Act.

•

Regulation 24 (2) which states about the review of financial statements of unlisted subsidiary by audit committee, particularly

the investments.

Seven resolutions by circulation were passed by the Audit Committee and six Audit Committee Meetings were conducted during the

year 2022-2023 as detailed below:

SR. NO.

DATE OF MEETING

1

20.04.2022

2

26.05.2022

3

04.08.2022

4

10.11.2022

5

12.01.2023

6

02.02.2023

II. COMPENSATION AND NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE:

The Compensation and Nomination and Remuneration Committee’s (“the Remuneration Committee”) constitution and terms

of reference are in compliance with the provisions of Section 178 of the Act and Regulation 19 of the Listing Regulations. The

Remuneration Committee fulfils the roles as laid out in the Act and as per roles specified in Part D of Schedule II of the Listing

Regulations which are as below:

(1)

Formulation of the criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence of a director and recommend

to the Board of Directors a policy relating to the remuneration of the directors, key managerial personnel and other

employees.

(1A) For every appointment of an independent director, the Remuneration Committee shall evaluate the balance of skills,

knowledge and experience on the Board and on the basis of such evaluation, prepare a description of the role and capabilities

required for an independent director. The person recommended to the Board for appointment as an independent director shall

have the capabilities identified in such description. For the purpose of identifying suitable candidates, the Committee may:

a. use the services of an external agency, if required;

b. consider candidates from a wide range of backgrounds, having due regard to diversity; and

c. consider the time commitments of the candidates.

(2)

Formulation of criteria for evaluation of performance of Independent Directors and the Board of Directors.

(3)

Devising a policy on diversity of Board of Directors.

(4)

Identifying persons who are qualified to become directors and who may be appointed in senior management in accordance

with the criteria laid down, and recommend to the Board of Directors their appointment and removal.

(5)

Whether to extend or continue the term of appointment of the Independent Directors, on the basis of the report of performance

evaluation of Independent Directors.

(6)

Recommend to the Board, all remuneration, in whatever form, payable to senior management.:

MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO

77,910

MR KAUSHIK GHOSH*

VICE PRESIDENT & CFO

17,069

MR ARUNITO GANGULY

VICE PRESIDENT & COMPANY SECRETARY

NIL

N.B: i) Mr Srijit Dasgupta ceased to be the Director-Finance & CFO of the Company w.e.f. close of business hours on

30.09.2022. He was holding 92,020 shares as on 30.09.2022.

ii) Mr Vikash Sarda was appointed as the Vice President & CFO of the Company w.e.f. 01.10.2022. He resigned as the

Vice President & CFO of the Company w.e.f. close of business hours on 04.01.2023. He was holding NIL shares

as on 04.01.2023.

*Mr Kaushik Ghosh was appointed as the Vice President & CFO of the Company w.e.f. 12.01.2023.

III. SHAREHOLDERS’ COMMITTEES:

A. SHARE TRANSFER COMMITTEE:

The Composition, Meetings and Attendance of the Members of Share Transfer Committee is as under:

SR. NO.

NAME OF DIRECTORS

CATEGORY

NUMBER OF MEETINGS ATTENDED

1

MR ABHIJIT ROY

CHAIRMAN

12

2

MR SRIJIT DASGUPTA*

MEMBER

06

3

MR ANOOP HOON

MEMBER

12

4

MR VIKASH SARDA**

MEMBER

02

5

MR KAUSHIK GHOSH***

MEMBER

03

6

MR ARUNITO GANGULY

MEMBER

12

*

Mr Srijit Dasgupta ceased to be the Director-Finance & CFO of the Company w.e.f. close of business hours on 30.09.2022

and accordingly ceased to be a member of the Committee from that date.

** Mr Vikash Sarda was appointed as the Vice President & CFO of the Company w.e.f. 01.10.2022 and a member of the

Committee w.e.f. that date. He resigned as the Vice President & CFO of the Company w.e.f. close of business hours on

04.01.2023 and accordingly ceased to be a member of the Committee from that date.

*** Mr Kaushik Ghosh was appointed as the Vice President & CFO of the Company w.e.f. 12.01.2023 and a member of the

Committee w.e.f. that date.:

Managing Director & CEO. He is

entitled to maintain an office at the Company’s expense and the Company reimburses the expenses incurred by the Chairman

in the course of performance of his duties.

2. Separate posts of Chairman and: Managing Director & CEO: The

Managing Director

Place: New Delhi

& Chief Executive Officer

Dated: 15th May, 2023

(DIN: 03439064)

ANNEXURE - A

[Annexure to Corporate Governance Report]

GENERAL SHAREHOLDERS' INFORMATION

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

: DAY AND DATE - Friday, 11th August, 2023.

TIME - 11:00 AM.

VENUE - To be held through VC/OAVM.

FINANCIAL YEAR

: The accounting year covers the period from 1st April, 2022 to 31st March, 2023.

Financial Reporting for the quarters ending on:

30th June, 2023 (unaudited)

–

By 14th August, 2023

30th September, 2023 (unaudited)

–

By 14th November, 2023

31st December, 2023 (unaudited)

–

By 14th February, 2024

31st March, 2024 (audited)

–

By 30th May, 2024

[Note: The above dates are indicative in nature]

BOOK CLOSURE DATES

: Book closure commences on 05th August, 2023 and ends on

11th August, 2023, both days inclusive.

DIVIDEND PAYMENT DATE

: Dividend, if declared will be paid on 21st August, 2023.

LISTING ON STOCK EXCHANGES

ALONG WITH THE STOCK CODES

: The shares of the Company are listed on the following Stock Exchanges:

•

NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE (NSE)

National Stock Exchange of India Limited

“Exchange Plaza”, Plot no. C-1, G Block

Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) Mumbai 400 051.

Stock Code: BERGEPAINT

•

BOMBAY STOCK EXCHANGE (BSE)

BSE Limited

Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers

Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001.

Stock Code: 509480

•

CALCUTTA STOCK EXCHANGE (CSE)

The Calcutta Stock Exchange Limited

7, Lyons Range, Kolkata 700 001.

Stock Code: 12529

DEPOSITORIES

: a) NATIONAL SECURITIES DEPOSITORY LIMITED

Trade World, A Wing, 4th Floor, Kamala Mills Compound, Lower Parel

Mumbai 400 013.

b) CENTRAL DEPOSITORY SERVICES (INDIA) LIMITED

Marathon Futurex, A-Wing, 25th Floor,

NM Joshi Marg, Lower Parel (East), Mumbai 400 013.

ISIN No.

: INE463A01038

PAYMENT OF ANNUAL LISTING FEES : Annual Listing Fees for the financial year 2023-24 has been paid by the Company to

the Stock Exchanges.:

letter, duly

signed by the first/sole holder quoting details of their Folio No.

DEMATERIALISATION OF SHARES AND LIQUIDITY AS ON 31ST MARCH, 2023

99.44% of the Company’s shares is held in electronic form.

SHARES HELD IN PHYSICAL AND DEMATERIALISED MODE AS ON 31ST MARCH, 2023

Shares held in Dematerialised Form: NSDL 96.94%

Shares held in Dematerialised Form: CDSL 2.50%

Shares held in Physical Form 0.56%

OUTSTANDING GDRs/ADRs/WARRANTS OR ANY CONVERTIBLE INSTRUMENTS, CONVERSION DATE AND

LIKELY IMPACT ON EQUITY:

There are no outstanding GDRs/ADRs/Warrants or convertible instruments.

DIVIDEND HISTORY (LAST 10 YEARS)

FINANCIAL YEAR

DIVIDEND PER SHARE (`)

2021-22

3.10

2020-21

2.80

2019-20 (Final)

0.30

2019-20 (Interim)

1.90

2018-19

1.90

2017-18

1.80

2016-17

1.75

2015-16 (Final)

1.00

2015-16 (Interim)

0.65

2014-15 (Final)

0.65

2014-15 (Interim)

0.60

2013-14

2.20

2012-13

1.80

Effective 9th January, 2015, the equity shares of nominal face value of `2/- each were sub-divided into two equity shares of face value

of `1/- each.

As you are aware that as per the Income Tax Act, 1961 (the IT Act), as amended by the Finance Act, 2020, dividends paid or distributed

by a Company on or after 1st April, 2020 shall be taxable in the hands of the shareholders. The Company shall also be required to

deduct tax at source at the time of making the payment of the Dividend, if declared at the AGM.:

letter in its

name and execution of lease

deed in respect of 9.91 acres

of land at Panagarh Industrial

Park is in process.

One leasehold land

at Howrah

0.01

*

Government of

West Bengal

No

September 26,

1957

Renewal of lease with West

Bengal

Government

in

respect of a piece of land

comprising about 0.08 acres

at Howrah is under process

since September 26, 2017.

* Amount is below rounding off norms.

(d)

The Company has not revalued its Property, plant and equipment (including Right-of-use assets) or intangible assets during

the year ended March 31, 2023.

(e)

There are no proceedings initiated or are pending against the Company for holding any benami property under the Prohibition

of Benami Property Transactions Act, 1988 and rules made thereunder.

(ii)

(a)

The inventory has been physically verified by the management during the year except for inventories lying with third

parties. In our opinion, the frequency of verification by the management is reasonable and the coverage and procedure

for such verification is appropriate. Inventories lying with third parties have been confirmed by them as at March 31, 2023

and discrepancies of 10% or more in aggregate for each class of inventory were not noticed in respect of such confirmations.

No discrepancies of 10% or more in aggregate for each class of inventory were noticed on such physical verification.

(b)

As disclosed in Note 25 to the standalone financial statements, the Company has been sanctioned working capital

limits in excess of `5 Crores in aggregate from banks during the year on the basis of security of current assets of the

Company. Based on the records examined by us in the normal course of audit of the financial statements, the quarterly

returns/statements filed by the Company with such banks are in agreement with the unaudited books of account

of the Company.

(iii)

(a)

During the year the Company has provided loan and has stood guarantees to companies as follows

` in Crores

Particulars

Loans

Guarantees

Aggregate amount granted/provided during the year - Subsidiary Company

13.18

-

Balance outstanding as at balance sheet date in respect of the above Subsidiary

24.14

102.00

(out of which outstanding

balances of loan as at

year end amounts to

`46.14 Crores)

During the year the Company has not provided loans, advances in the nature of loans, stood guarantee or provided security to

companies, firms, Limited Liability Partnerships or any party other than as mentioned above.

(b)

During the year, the investments made and the terms and conditions of the grant of loan are not prejudicial to the

Company's interest.:

Managing Director & CEO (DIN: 03439064)

Place: New Delhi

Kaushik Ghosh – Vice President & CFO (ACA – 059971)

Dated: May 15, 2023

Arunito Ganguly – Vice President & Company Secretary (FCS – 9285)

STANDALONE STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2023

` in Crores

Notes

Year Ended

Year Ended

March 31, 2023

March 31, 2022

Income

Revenue from operations

32

9,470.62

7,740.93

Other income

33

77.15

63.12

Total income

9,547.77

7,804.05

Expenses

Cost of materials consumed

34

5,270.87

4,504.30

Purchases of traded goods

35

910.90

691.40

Increase in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress and traded goods

36

(94.65)

(349.61)

Employee benefits expense

37

458.12

400.58

Finance costs

38

86.28

42.93

Depreciation and amortisation expense

39

234.00

197.53

Other expenses

40

1,579.53

1,311.73

Total expenses

8,445.05

6,798.86

Profit before tax

1,102.72

1,005.19

Tax expense

Current tax

271.75

258.81

Deferred tax charge /(credit)

23

2.58

(3.48)

Total Tax Expense

274.33

255.33

Profit for the year (I)

828.39

749.86

Other comprehensive income/ (loss):

Items that will not be reclassified to Statement of Profit or Loss in subsequent periods:

Re-measurement gains/(loss) on defined benefit obligations

(0.74)

1.10

Income tax effect thereof

0.19

(0.28)

Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year (II)

(0.55)

0.82

Total comprehensive income for the year (I + II)

827.84

750.68

Earnings per Equity Share of Face Value of ` 1 each

41

Basic (amount in `)

8.53

7.72

Diluted (amount in `)

8.53

7.72

Summary of significant accounting policies

3

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Standalone financial statements.

As per our report of even date

For S.R. BATLIBOI & CO. LLP

For and on behalf of Board of Directors of Berger Paints India Limited

Chartered Accountants

Firm Registration Number 301003E/E300005

per Vishal Sharma

Kuldip Singh Dhingra – Chairman (DIN: 00048406)

Partner

Gurbachan Singh Dhingra – Vice-Chairman (DIN: 00048465)

Membership Number : 096766

Abhijit Roy –: Managing

Managing Director & CEO (DIN: 03439064)

Place: New Delhi

Kaushik Ghosh – Vice President & CFO (ACA – 059971)

Dated: May 15, 2023

Arunito Ganguly – Vice President & Company Secretary (FCS – 9285):

Managing Director & CEO (DIN: 03439064)

Place: New Delhi

Kaushik Ghosh – Vice President & CFO (ACA – 059971)

Dated: May 15, 2023

Arunito Ganguly – Vice President & Company Secretary (FCS – 9285):

letter in its name and execution of lease deed in respect of 9.91 acres of land at Panagarh

Industrial Park is in process.

(iii) Renewal of lease with West Bengal Government in respect of a piece of land comprising about 0.08 acres at Howrah is under process

since September 26, 2017.

Note 45. (contd.)

(ii) Set out below are the carrying amounts of lease liabilities and the movements during the period:

` in Crores

Particulars

Year Ended

March 31, 2023

Year Ended

March 31, 2022

At Amortised Cost

Opening Balance

315.37

240.88

Additions

160.83

129.95

Accretion of interest

28.20

22.49

Deletions/ termination

(28.91)

(5.79)

Payments

(90.88)

(72.16)

Closing Balance

384.61

315.37

Non-current

305.81

245.68

Current

78.80

69.69

The effective interest rate for lease liabilities is 7-10%, with maturity between 2023-2036.

The following are the amounts recognised in Statement of Profit or Loss:

(iii) Amount recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss:

` in Crores

Particulars

Year Ended

March 31, 2023

Year Ended March

31, 2022

Depreciation expense of right-of-use assets (Refer Note 39)

69.26

53.84

Interest expense on lease liabilities (Refer Note 38)

28.20

22.49

Gain on early termination of leases (Refer Note 33)

(3.53)

(1.26)

Expense relating to leases of low-value assets and short-term leases (Refer Note 40)

9.06

10.71

Total

102.99

85.78

The Company had total cash outflows for leases of `90.88 Crores (March 31, 2022: `72.16 Crores).

The company does not face a significant liquidity risk with regards to its lease liabilities as the current assets are sufficient to meet the

obligation related to the lease liabilities as and when they fall due.

(iv) The table below provides details regarding the contractual maturities of lease liabilities as on undiscounted basis:

` in Crores

Particulars

Year ended

March 31, 2023

Year ended March

31, 2022

Less than one year

84.33

72.48

More than one year but less than five years

271.98

191.01

More than five years

133.00

77.86

Total

489.31

341.35

b. Company as Lessor

The Company has given Color bank (tinting machines) on operating lease to its dealers. The Company enters into 2- 5 years cancellable

lease agreements. However the corresponding lease rentals may be receivable for a shorter period or may be waived off/refunded

on achievement of certain sales targets by the concerned dealers. The minimum aggregate lease payments to be received in future is

considered as ` Nil. Accordingly the disclosure of the minimum lease payments receivable at the Balance sheet date is not made. The

amounts received from customers pending to be refunded back are recognised as liabilities and are included in "Deposits" under "Other

financial liabilities" in Note 21 and Note 27. Also refer Note 4.:

Managing Director & CEO

Mr Srijit Dasgupta

Director - Finance & Chief Financial Officer ( 1st April 2022 to 30th September 2022)

Mr Vikash Sarda

Vice President & Chief Financial Officer (1st October 2022 to 4th January 2023)

Mr Kaushik Ghosh

Vice President & Chief Financial Officer (From 12th January 2023 onwards)

Mr Arunito Ganguly

Vice President & Company Secretary

Mr Naresh Gujral

Independent Director

Mrs Sonu Halan Bhasin

Independent Director

Mr Anoop Hoon

Independent Director

Dr Anoop Kumar Mittal

Independent Director

b) Others

Name of related parties

Nature of relationship

Berger Becker Coatings Private Limited

Joint Venture of the Company

Berger Nippon Paint Automotive Coatings Private Limited

Joint Venture of the Company

Jenson & Nicholson (Asia) Limited *

Fellow Subsidiary

Berger Paints (Bangladesh) Limited

Fellow Subsidiary

Citland Commercial Credits Limited

Fellow Subsidiary

Wang Investment & Finance Private Limited

Fellow Subsidiary

Kanwar Properties Private Limited

Fellow Subsidiary

Berger Paints Provident Fund (Covered)

Post-employment benefit plan of the Company

Berger Paints Officers (Non-Management Category) Superannuation Fund

Post-employment benefit plan of the Company

Berger Paints Management Staff Superannuation Fund

Post-employment benefit plan of the Company

Berger Paints India Limited Employees Gratuity Fund

Post-employment benefit plan of the Company

* The party holds more than 10% of the equity shares in the company. (Refer Note 19d).

47a. Related Party Transactions (contd.)

Name of related parties

Nature of relationship

BAICL Employees Superannuation Fund

Post-employment benefit plan of the Company

BAICL Employees Gratuity Fund

Post-employment benefit plan of the Company

Seaward Packaging Private Limited

Entity controlled by Key Managerial Personnel

Flex Properties Private Limited

Entity controlled by Key Managerial Personnel

Bigg Investments & Finance Private Limited

Entity controlled by Key Managerial Personnel

Oakleaf Probuilt LLP

Entity controlled by Key Managerial Personnel

Pasque Probuilt LLP

Entity controlled by Key Managerial Personnel

Shalimar Tar Products Limited

Entity controlled by Key Managerial Personnel

Naldehra Nest LLP

Entity controlled by Key Managerial Personnel

Kfin Technologies Limited

Other Related Party

Countrywide Projects Private Limited

Other Related Party

KSD Family Trust

Mr Kuldip Singh Dhingra - Settlor Trustee

GBS Dhingra Family Trust

Mr Gurbachan Singh Dhingra - Settlor Trustee

Mrs Meeta Dhingra

Spouse of Mr Kuldip Singh Dhingra

Mrs Vinu Dhingra

Spouse of Mr Gurbachan Singh Dhingra

Mrs Jessima Kumar

Daughter of Mr Kuldip Singh Dhingra

Ms Dipti Dhingra

Daughter of Mr Kuldip Singh Dhingra

Mrs Sunaina Kohli

Daughter of Mr Gurbachan Singh Dhingra

Mrs Anshna Sawhney

Daughter of Mr Gurbachan Singh Dhingra

47b. Disclosure in respect of Related Parties pursuant to Ind AS 24

A. During the year the following transactions were carried out with the related parties in the ordinary course of business:

` in Crores

Transaction

Related Party

Year ended

March 31, 2023

Year ended

March 31, 2022

Sale of Goods (includes sale of raw materials, packing

materials, intermediates, traded goods and stores)

Berger Becker Coatings Private Limited

22.59

27.02

Berger Jenson & Nicholson (Nepal) Private Limited

15.76

15.55

Berger Nippon Paint Automotive Coatings Private Limited

36.68

19.07

Berger Rock Paints Private Limited

16.79

9.89

Berger Paints (Bangladesh) Limited

0.34

0.67:

letter from the respective banks pending which the charges are yet to be

filed with the Registrar of Companies.

(vi) The Company has complied with the number of layers prescribed under (87) of section 2 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the

Companies (Restriction on number of Layers) Rules, 2017.:

Managing Director & CEO (DIN: 03439064)

Place: New Delhi

Kaushik Ghosh – Vice President & CFO (ACA – 059971)

Dated: May 15, 2023

Arunito Ganguly – Vice President & Company Secretary (FCS – 9285)

FINANCIAL SUMMARY OF BERGER PAINTS INDIA LIMITED

(STANDALONE) – FIVE YEARS AT A GLANCE

` in Crores

2022-23 #

2021-22 #

2020-21 #

2019-20 #

2018-19

Revenue from Operations (Net)

9,470.62

7,740.93

6,021.41

5691.69

5515.55

% Growth

22.34

28.56

5.79

3.19

16.76

Other Income

77.15

63.12

55.77

150.82

53.63

Materials Consumed

6,087.12

4,846.09

3,438.58

3,367.33

3413.82

Employee Benefits Expense

458.12

400.58

352.71

342.52

311.67

Other Expenses

1,579.53

1,311.73

1,133.17

1024.05

927.42

Operating Profit - EBITDA

1,423.00

1,245.65

1,152.72

1,108.61

916.27

% to Net Revenue

15.03

16.09

19.14

19.48

16.61

Depreciation/Amortization

234.00

197.53

186.12

170.52

165.45

Finance Cost

86.28

42.93

33.22

32.68

34.87

Profit Before Tax & Exceptional Item

1,102.72

1,005.19

933.38

905.42

715.95

Exceptional Items

-

-

(14.80)

-

(28.60)

Profit Before Tax

1,102.72

1,005.19

918.58

905.42

687.35

Tax Expense

274.33

255.33

237.80

206.37

251.50

Profit After Tax

828.39

749.86

680.78

699.05

435.85

Return On Net Worth ( % )

19.29

19.92

20.76

26.63

18.51

Dividend -including Tax on Dividend

301.11

271.96

29.14

424.31

210.71

Retained Earnings ##

828.39

749.86

680.78

699.05

435.85

Shareholders' Funds:

Share Capital

97.14

97.13

97.13

97.12

97.11

Reserves and Surplus

4,198.05

3,666.76

3,182.48

2,527.92

2,257.68

Total

4,295.19

3,763.89

3,279.61

2,625.04

2,354.79

Deferred Tax Liability (Net)

25.57

23.18

26.38

29.14

51.43

Borrowings

674.70

515.56

155.44

222.46

215.34

Other current and non-current liabilities

2,404.63

2,323.27

1,906.65

1466.06

1412.71

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

7,400.09

6,625.90

5,368.08

4,342.70

4,034.27

Fixed Assets

2,819.12

2,213.60

1,599.19

1554.42

1353.25

Investments

771.55

681.42

585.87

468.63

331.80

Other current and non-current assets

3,809.42

3,730.88

3,183.02

2319.65

2349.22

ASSETS

7,400.09

6,625.90

5,368.08

4,342.70

4,034.27

Debt - Equity Ratio

0.16 : 1

0.14 : 1

0.05 : 1

0.08 : 1

0.09 : 1

Cash Earnings Per Share (`)

10.94

9.75

8.92

8.95

6.19

Earnings Per Share - Basic (`)

8.53

7.72

7.01

7.20

4.49

Earnings Per Share - Diluted (`)

8.53

7.72

7.01

7.20

4.49

Book Value Per Share (`)

44.21

38.74

33.76

27.03

24.25

Dividend per share (`)

3.20

3.10

2.80

2.20

1.90

Number of employees

4088

3931

3814

3600

3450

#

Figures for these years are as per new accounting standard (Ind AS 116) and Schedule III of Companies Act, 2013. Profit and Loss

and Balance Sheet have been adjusted suitably for considering the impact of this new accounting standard. Hence the numbers are not

comparable with previous years.

## Retain earnings includes Dividend payout.:

Managing Director & CEO (DIN: 03439064)

Place: New Delhi

Kaushik Ghosh – Vice President & CFO (ACA – 059971)

Dated: May 15, 2023

Arunito Ganguly – Vice President & Company Secretary (FCS – 9285)

FORM AOC-1

[Pursuant To First Proviso to sub-section (3) of section 129 read with Rule 5 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014]

STATEMENT CONTAINING SALIENT FEATURES OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT OF

SUBSIDIARIES / ASSOCIATE COMPANIES/JOINT VENTURES

Part "A" : Subsidiaries

Sl. No.

Name of subsidiary

Berger

Jenson &

Nicholson

(Nepal)

Private

Limited

Beepee

Coatings

Private

Limited

SBL

Specialty

Coatings

Private

Limited

Berger

Paints

(Cyprus)

Limited

Lusako

Trading

Limited

Berger

Paints

Overseas

Limited

Bolix S.A

BuildTrade

BIS

sp. z.o.o

Bolix

UKRAINA

OOO

Soltherm

External

Insulations

Limited

Soltherm

Isolations

Thermique

Exterieure

SAS

Berger

Hessee

Wood

Coatings

Private

Limited

Berger

Rock

Paints

Private

Limited

STP

Limited

1

Reporting Period

14-03-2023

31-03-2023

31-03-2023

31-12-2022

31-12-2022

31-12-2022

31-12-2022

31-12-2022

31-12-2022

31-12-2022

31-12-2022

31-03-2023

31-03-2023

31-03-2023

2

Reporting Currency

Nepalese

Rupee

INR

INR

USD

USD

Russian Ruble

Polish Zloty

Polish Zloty

Ukranian

hryvnia

GBP

EUR

INR

INR

INR

3

Exchange Rate as on last date of

relevant Financial year in case of foreign

subsidiaries

1.60

1.00

1.00

82.79

82.79

1.12

18.92

18.92

2.24

101.87

89.61

1.00

1.00

1.00

4

Share Capital (` in Crores)

2.16

2.50

2.96

135.15

399.62

1.55

18.92

0.09

0.19

0.30

0.04

2.02

8.00

19.75

5

Reserves & Surplus* (` in Crores)

207.33

11.84

89.63

(18.15)

(70.83)

(95.54)

213.24

(0.00)

(0.22)

7.91

0.06

(0.99)

(6.13)

51.65

6

Total assets* (` in Crores)

312.74

52.82

132.69

117.07

329.08

33.26

370.33

0.09

1.85

46.58

1.82

12.12

16.55

153.12

7

Total liabilities* (` in Crores)

103.25

38.48

40.10

0.07

0.29

127.25

138.17

0.00

1.88

38.37

1.72

11.09

14.68

81.72

8

Investments* (` in Crores)

-

0.00

26.84

-

327.25

-

9.46

0.01

0.00

0.00

0.00

-

-

-

9

Turnover* (` in Crores)

260.25

33.74

169.36

0.00

7.97

16.42

302.68

0.00

7.93

70.46

17.24

20.69

23.76

325.79

10

Profit/(loss) before taxation* (` in Crores)

50.89

(0.54)

29.21

(6.22)

6.31

(2.60)

4.34

(0.01)

0.72

4.00

(0.08)

0.85

(0.18)

24.93

11

Provision for taxation* (` in Crores)

10.46

0.59

7.47

0.00

0.00

0.00

0.45

0.00

0.11

0.86

0.00

0.27

0.00

7.41

12

Profit/(loss) after taxation (` in Crores)

40.43

(1.13)

21.74

(6.22)

6.31

(2.60)

3.89

(0.01)

0.61

3.14

(0.08)

0.58

(0.18)

17.52

13

Proposed Dividend

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

14

% of shareholding

100%

100%

100%

100%

100%

100%

100%

100%

100%

100%

100%

51%

51%

95.53%

Notes: The following information shall be furnished at the end of the statement:

1. Names of subsidiaries which are yet to commence operations - Not Applicable

2. Names of subsidiaries which have been liquidated or sold during the year - Not Applicable

3. Figures marked with (*) are below the rounding off norms adopted by the Company.

For and on behalf of Board of Directors of Berger Paints India Limited

Kuldip Singh Dhingra – Chairman (DIN: 00048406)

Gurbachan Singh Dhingra – Vice-Chairman (DIN: 00048465)

Abhijit Roy –: Managing

Managing Director & CEO (DIN: 03439064)

Place: New Delhi

Kaushik Ghosh – Vice President & CFO (ACA – 059971)

Dated: May 15, 2023

Arunito Ganguly – Vice President & Company Secretary (FCS – 9285)

Summary of significant accounting policies

3

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated financial statements.

As per our report of even date.

For S.R. BATLIBOI & CO. LLP

For and on behalf of Board of Directors of Berger Paints India Limited

Chartered Accountants

Firm Registration Number 301003E/E300005

per Vishal Sharma

Kuldip Singh Dhingra – Chairman (DIN: 00048406)

Partner

Gurbachan Singh Dhingra – Vice-Chairman (DIN: 00048465)

Membership Number : 096766

Abhijit Roy –: Managing

Managing Director & CEO (DIN: 03439064)

Place: New Delhi

Kaushik Ghosh – Vice President & CFO (ACA – 059971)

Dated: May 15, 2023

Arunito Ganguly – Vice President & Company Secretary (FCS – 9285):

Managing Director & CEO (DIN: 03439064)

Place: New Delhi

Kaushik Ghosh – Vice President & CFO (ACA – 059971)

Dated: May 15, 2023

Arunito Ganguly – Vice President & Company Secretary (FCS – 9285):

letter in its name and execution of lease deed in respect of 9.91 acres of land at

Panagarh Industrial Park is in process.

(III) Renewal of lease with West Bengal Government in respect of a piece of land comprising about 0.08 acres at Howrah is under process

since September 26, 2017.

(ii) Set out below are the carrying amounts of lease liabilities and the movements during the period:

` in Crores

Particulars

March 31, 2023

March 31, 2022

At amortised cost

Opening Balance

345.60

258.19

Additions

175.85

145.00

Accretion of interest

31.10

24.53

Deletions/ termination

(28.90)

(5.66)

Payments

(100.00)

(75.71)

Translation Difference

(2.33)

(0.75)

Closing Balance

421.32

345.60

Current

86.68

75.14

Non-current

334.64

270.46

The maturity analysis of lease liabilities are disclosed in Note 55.

The effective interest rate for lease liabilities is 7% - 10%, with maturity between 2023-2036.

(iii) Amount recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss

` in Crores

Particulars

Year ended

March 31, 2023

Year ended

March 31, 2022

Depreciation expense of right-of-use assets (Refer Note - 41)

79.66

63.15

Interest expense on lease liabilities (Refer Note - 40)

31.10

24.53

Gain on early termination of lease (Refer Note - 35 )

(3.65)

(1.26)

Expense relating to leases of low-value assets and short term leases (Refer Note - 42)

12.84

12.91

Total

119.95

99.33

The Group had total cash outflows for leases of `100.00 Crores (March 31, 2022: `75.71 Crores).

The Group does not face a significant liquidity risk with regards to its lease liabilities as the current assets are sufficient to meet the

obligation related to the lease liabilities as and when they fall due.:

Managing Director & CEO

Mr Srijit Dasgupta

Director - Finance & Chief Financial Officer ( 1st April 2022 to 30th September 2022)

Mr Vikash Sarda

Chief Financial Officer (1st October 2022 to 4th January 2023)

Mr Kaushik Ghosh

Vice President & Chief Financial Officer (From 12th January 2023 onwards)

Mr Arunito Ganguly

Vice President & Company Secretary

Mr Naresh Gujral

Independent Director

Mrs Sonu Halan Bhasin

Independent Director

Mr Anoop Hoon

Independent Director

Dr Anoop Kumar Mittal

Independent Director:

letter from the respective banks pending which the charges are yet to be filed with the Registrar of Companies.

(vi) Utilisation of borrowed funds and share premium

I.

The Parent and Indian Subsidiaries have not advanced or loaned or invested funds (either borrowed funds or share premium or any

other sources or kind of funds) to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Intermediaries) with the understanding

that the Intermediary shall:

(a) Directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Parent

Company (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or

(b) Provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries.

Note 57. Additional regulatory information required by Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013 (contd.)

II. The Parent and Indian Subsidiaries have not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities

(Funding Party) with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Company shall:

(a) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding

Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or

(b) provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries.

(vii) The Holding Company and its Indian Subsidiaries do not have any transactions with struck off companies.

(viii) The Holding Company and its Indian Subsidiaries have complied with the requirement with respect to number of layers as prescribed

under section 2(87) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Restriction on Number of Layers) Rules, 2017.

(ix) The Holding company and its Indian subsidiaries' quarterly returns or statements of current assets filed by the Respective companies

with the banks in connection with the working capital limit sanctioned are in agreement with the books of accounts.

Note 58

There was a fire in the factory of Berger Becker Coatings Private Limited in Goa, a joint venture of the Group. There was no casualty

due to fire. The Group's share of financial impact of the loss due to fire amounting to `25.35 Crores has been duly recognised, following

principles of prudent accounting. Insurance claim for the purpose of recovery has been submitted and is under process.

Note 59

Previous year figures have been regrouped, wherever necessary, to confirm to the current year's presentation.

Note 60

All figures are in Rupees in Crores unless otherwise stated. Figures marked with (*) are below the rounding off norm adopted by

the Group.

Note 61

There were no significant adjusting events after end of the reporting period which require any adjustment or disclosure in the consolidated

financial statements subsequent to the reporting period other than the events disclosed in the relevant notes.

As per our report of even date

For S.R. BATLIBOI & CO. LLP

For and on behalf of Board of Directors of Berger Paints India Limited

Chartered Accountants

Firm Registration Number 301003E/E300005

per Vishal Sharma

Kuldip Singh Dhingra – Chairman (DIN: 00048406)

Partner

Gurbachan Singh Dhingra – Vice-Chairman (DIN: 00048465)

Membership Number : 096766

Abhijit Roy –: Managing

