Managing Director &

Chief Executive Ofﬁcer

BIRLA CORPORATION LIMITED

005:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Ofﬁcer:

Managing Director & Chief

Executive Officer of the Company for the period from 1st April, 2022 till 31st December, 2022, which is in excess of the limits prescribed

under Section 197 read with Schedule V of the Act, in view of inadequate profits of the Company for the financial year 2022-23 but

within the limits as approved by the members of the Company at the 101st Annual General Meeting of the Company held on 29th

September, 2021.”

“RESOLVED FURTHER that the Board of Directors of the Company, be and is hereby authorised to do all such acts, deeds and things and

take all such steps as may be necessary, proper or expedient to give effect to this Resolution.”

5.

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following Resolution as a Special Resolution:

“RESOLVED that pursuant to the provisions of Sections 197, 198 read with Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and other

applicable provisions, if any, of the Act and the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014

(including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof, for the time being in force) and pursuant to the recommendations of

the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors of the Company, the approval of the members be and is

hereby accorded to waive the recovery of the excess remuneration amounting to ` 68,08,902/- (Rupees Sixty Eight Lakh Eight

Thousand Nine Hundred and Two only) paid/payable to Shri Sandip Ghose (DIN: 08526143), the: Managing

Letter” and thereafter file web form IEPF-5 and follow the Refund

Procedure as detailed on the website of IEPF Authority at http://www.iepf.gov.in/IEPF/refund.html.

17.

Regulation 40 of Listing Regulations, as amended, mandates that transfer, transmission and transposition of securities of listed

companies held in physical form shall be effected only in demat mode. Further, SEBI, vide its Circular dated 25th January, 2022, has

clarified that listed companies, with immediate effect, shall issue the securities only in demat mode while processing investor service

requests pertaining to issuance of duplicate shares, exchange of shares, endorsement, sub-division/ consolidation of share certificates,

etc. In view of this and also to eliminate all risks associated with physical shares and for ease of portfolio management, members

holding shares in physical form are requested to consider converting their holdings to demat mode. Members can refer the procedure

for dematerialization under the weblink at https://www.birlacorporation.com/investors/demat_process.pdf.

18.

As per the provisions of Section 72 of the Act and applicable SEBI Circulars issued from time to time, the facility for making nomination is

available for the Members in respect of the shares held by them. Members who have not yet registered their nomination are requested

to register the same by submitting Form No. SH-13. If a Member desires to opt out or cancel the earlier nomination and record a fresh

nomination, he/ she may submit the same in Form ISR-3 or SH-14 as the case may be. The said forms can be downloaded from the

Company's website at https://www.birlacorporation.com/downloads.html. Members are requested to submit the said details to their

DP's in case the shares are held by them in dematerialized form and to the Company/RTA in case the shares are held in physical form.

19.

SEBI has mandated the submission of PAN, KYC details and nomination by holders of physical securities by 30th September,

2023, and linking PAN with Aadhaar by 30th June, 2023. Shareholders are requested to submit their PAN, KYC and nomination

details to the Company's registrar at mcssta@rediffmail.com. The forms for updating the same are available at

https://www.birlacorporation.com/downloads.html.

In case a holder of physical securities fails to furnish these details or link their PAN with Aadhaar before the due dates, the RTA is

obligated to freeze such folios. The securities in the frozen folios shall be eligible to lodge grievance or avail any service request from

the RTA only after furnishing the complete documents as mentioned above. Further, any payment including dividend, interest or

redemption payment in respect of such frozen folios, shall only be made through electronic mode w.e.f. 1st April, 2024 upon furnishing

the complete documents. If the securities continue to remain frozen as on 31st December, 2025, the RTA/Company shall refer such

securities to the administering authority under the Benami Transactions (Prohibitions) Act, 1988, and/or the Prevention of Money

Laundering Act, 2002.

20.

To support “Green Initiatives”, Members who have not yet registered their email address are requested to register the same with their

depository participant(s) where shares are held in dematerialized form and with the RTA/Company where the shares are held in

physical form. Members may follow the process detailed below for registration of email ID to obtain the Notice of AGM, Annual Report,

user ID/password for e-Voting or any other document/information:

a.

Members holding shares in physical mode and who have not updated their email addresses with the Company are requested to

update their email addresses by submitting duly filled and signed Form ISR-1, the format of which is available on the Company's

website under the weblink at https://www.birlacorporation.com/investors/downloads/Form-ISR-1-p-BCL.pdf along with self-

attested copy of the PAN card and self-attested copy of any document (eg.: Driving License, Bank Statement, Election Identity

Card, Passport, Aadhaar Card) in support of the address of the Member.

b.

Members holding shares in dematerialized mode are requested to register/update their email addresses with their respective

Depository Participants.

c.

In case of any queries/difficulties in registering the email address, Members may write to the Company at

investorsgrievance@birlacorp.com.

21.

Instructions for Members for Remote e-Voting are given below:

a)

In compliance with the provisions of Section 108 of the Act, read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management and

Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended, SS-2 and Regulation 44 of the Listing Regulations and in terms of SEBI Circular No.

SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated 9th December, 2020 on “e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies”, the

28:

letter etc. together with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory who are authorized to vote, to

the Scrutinizer and to the Company at the email address viz: investorsgrievance@birlacorp.com, if they have voted

from individual tab & not uploaded same in the CDSL e-voting system for the scrutinizer to verify the same.

22.

General Guidelines for shareholders

a)

It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep your password

confidential. Login to the e-Voting website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In

such an event, you will need to go through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?” option to reset

the password.

b)

If you have any queries or issues regarding e-Voting from the CDSL e-Voting system, you can write an email to

helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 1800 22 55 33.

All grievances connected with the facility for voting by electronic means may be addressed to Mr. Rakesh Dalvi, Sr. Manager,

Central Depository Services (India) Limited, A Wing, 25th Floor, Marathon Futurex, Mafatlal Mill Compounds, N M Joshi Marg,

Lower Parel (East), Mumbai - 400013 or send an email to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or call toll free no. 1800 22 55 33.

c)

You can also update your mobile number and email id in the user profile details of the folio which may be used for sending future

communication(s).

d)

The facility for voting through ballot/polling papers shall be made available at the Meeting and the members attending the

Meeting who have not already cast their vote by remote e-Voting shall be able to exercise their voting right at the Meeting

through ballot paper. However, the members who have cast their vote by remote e-Voting prior to the Meeting may also attend

the Meeting but shall not be entitled to cast their vote again at the meeting.

e)

The voting rights of members shall be in proportion to their shares of the paid-up equity share capital of the Company as on the

cut-off date i.e. Tuesday, 29th August, 2023. Any person who is not a member as on the said cut-off date should treat this Notice

for information purpose only.

f)

Any person, who acquires shares of the Company and become a member of the Company after dispatch of the Notice and

holding shares as on the cut-off date i.e. Tuesday, 29th August, 2023 may obtain the User ID and password by sending a request at

helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or mcssta@rediffmail.com.

However, if you are already registered with CDSL for remote e-Voting then you can use your existing user ID and password for

casting your vote.

32:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer of the Company was appointed for a period of three years with

effect from 31st March, 2021, by means of Ordinary Resolution passed by the Members at the 101st Annual General Meeting of the Company

held on 29th September, 2021 on the terms and conditions including payment of remuneration as mentioned therein. He resigned as the: Managing

Managing Director & Chief

Executive Officer of the Company, shall generally look

after the management of the affairs of the Company

subject to the overall superintendence, control and

directions of the Board of the Company. The Board may

from time to time entrust Mr. Ghose with such powers

exercisable by the Board as they think fit and may

confer such powers for such time and to be exercised

for such objects and purposes and upon such terms

and conditions and with such restrictions as they may

think proper, which shall be exercised by Mr. Ghose

diligently, in the best interests of the Company.

Suitability:

Shri Sandip Ghose is a professional business leader with

a track record of leading and transforming large and

diversified organisations, across various industries

including manufacturing, service, industrial, consumer

and retail businesses.

He was instrumental in integration of brands and sales

and marketing operations of BCL and RCCPL Private

Limited (wholly owned subsidiary of BCL) and fast ramp

up of RCCPL's volumes.

Shri Arvind Pathak

` in lakhs

Particulars

F.Y.

F.Y.

2022-23*

2021-22

Salary

99.30

120.00

Perquisites and Allowances

207.47

230.41

Performance Linked Bonus

52.50

80.00

Total

359.27

430.41

* resigned w.e.f. 31st December, 2022

–

Job profile:

Shri Arvind Pathak was appointed as: Managing

Letter

of Credit and Bank Guarantee, Stock Transfer, Order

Invoice clearing and Business Planning and Consoli-

dation (BPC) modules now help the Company in

optimizing and ensuring efficient financial controls,

including Planning, Budgeting and Forecasting. They

provide the Company with the ability to easily adjust plans

and forecasts, speed up budget and closing cycles and

ensure compliance with financial reporting standards.

l

Procurement :

Ariba E-Auction Platform Roll-out now helps the

Company streamline its centralized procurement workflow

enabling better price discovery in procurements. Material

Master Management and Vendor Invoice Management

(VIM) modules help efficiently digitalise invoice process-

ing and payments.

l

Legal & Compliance:

Implementation of a comprehensive Legal Compliance

Management solution across key business locations

now helps to provide efficient monitoring and

management of legal and regulatory compliances and

enables Centralised visibility and tracking of compliances.

Digital transformation is an organisational change

management initiative and not just a technology

implementation project, one that requires tremendous

amount of commitment and patience, as well as time and

energy. The Company remains fully committed and

invested in these digitalisation initiatives going forward,

and aspires to empower and enable the organisation to be

future-ready and adequately equipped to handle the

changing contours of business and the socio-environ-

mental landscape.

Mining Operations at Chanderia:

The Mining Operations (through blasting) at the Chanderia

plant had been suspended since August, 2011 owing to the

Order of Jodhpur High Court (Rajasthan), which was

challenged by the Company before the Hon’ble Supreme

Court. As a partial relief, the Supreme Court had allowed mining

operations beyond two kms from the Chittorgarh Fort by using

heavy earth moving machinery. The Hon’ble Supreme Court

had further directed the Central Building Research Institute

(CBRI) to submit a report after comprehensive study of all

relevant aspects and facets relating to full-scale mining

operations and its impact, if any, on the Chittorgarh Fort. The

report of CBRI has concluded that vibrations and air pressures

induced by the mine of Birla Cement Works and adjoining

mines are well within safe limits as per national and

international standards and there is no damage to the Fort due

to the mining operations. The Company has filed an Interim

Application seeking Interim Relief for blasting at the existing

working pit. The matter is in the final stage of hearing.

(c)

OUTLOOK:

Indians economy is widely expected to grow between 6% to

7% during the financial year 2023-2024.

Budget 2023 has focused on infrastructure capex to drive the

economy. While the overall capital expenditure outlay has

increased by 33% to ` 10 lakh crores, road sector allocation has

been increased by 25% to ` 2.6 lakh crores and railways by 51%

to ` 2.4 lakh crores. Further, Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana

(PMAY)-Gramin saw the highest cost allocation of ` 54.5

thousand crores since the launch of the scheme. These

together with revival of demand in the real estate sector are

expected to aid healthy demand growth in financial year 2023-

2024 which is estimated to grow by 7% to 9% as per a leading

research agency. Fuel prices have continued to correct. By the

end of March, 2023 the international pet coke prices had

50:

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer (Key Managerial Personnel) of the Company

for a period of 3 (three) years with effect from 1st January, 2023.

Approval of the members by way of Ordinary Resolutions had been

obtained on 14th January, 2023 (vide Postal Ballot Notice dated 5th

December, 2022) for appointment of Shri Sandip Ghose (DIN:

08526143) as Wholetime Director of the Company for the period

from 1st December, 2022 to 31st December, 2022 and Managing

Director & Chief Executive Officer (Key Managerial Personnel) of the

Company for a period of 3 years (three) with effect from 1st January,

2023.

In terms of Section 203 of the Companies Act, 2013, the following

are the Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) of the Company as on 31st

March, 2023:

1.

Shri Sandip Ghose:: Managing

Managing Director nor the Wholetime Director of the

Company received any remuneration or commission from any of its

subsidiaries.

ANNUAL EVALUATION OF THE BOARD, ITS COMMITTEES AND

INDIVIDUAL DIRECTORS

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee pursuant to the

powers delegated to it by the Board, has carried out an annual

evaluation of the performance of the Board, the Directors

individually as well as the evaluation of the functioning of various

Committees based on the criteria for performance evaluation

forming part of the Performance Evaluation Policy of the Company.

For the purpose of proper evaluation, the Directors of the Company

have been divided into 3 (three) categories i.e. Independent

Directors; Non-Independent Chairman and Non-Independent Non-

Executive Directors; and Executive Directors.

The criteria for evaluation include factors such as engagement,

strategic planning, vision and direction for growth and

development, team spirit and consensus building, effective

leadership, domain knowledge, ensuring best practices in

governance, financial management and operations, contributions

towards achieving short term and long term goals of the Company

and roadmap for achieving them, management qualities, team

work abilities, result/achievements, understanding and awareness,

leadership qualities, motivation/commitment/diligence,

integrity/ethics/values and openness/ receptivity.

The Independent Directors of the Company in its separate meeting

held during the year reviewed the performance of Non-

Independent Directors and Board as a Whole and Chairman of the

Company taking into account the views of Executive Directors and

Non-Executive Directors.

Further, the performance evaluation of Independent Directors of

the Company was done by the entire Board, excluding the

Independent Director being evaluated.

SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATE

COMPANIES

As on 31st March, 2023, the Company has 7 (Seven) subsidiary

companies namely, RCCPL Private Limited, Lok Cement Limited,

Talavadi Cements Limited, Birla Jute Supply Company Limited, Budge

Budge Floorcoverings Limited, Birla Cement (Assam) Limited and M.P.

Birla Group Services Private Limited and 2 (Two) step down wholly

owned subsidiary companies namely, AAA Resources Private Limited

and Utility Infrastructure & Works Private Limited.

2 (Two) subsidiary companies, namely Thiruvaiyaru Industries

Limited and Birla Corporation Cement Manufacturing PLC, Ethiopia,

are under the process of voluntary winding up. In view of the

aforesaid, these subsidiaries have not been considered in preparing

the Consolidated Financial Statements.

During the year the performance of RCCPL Private Limited,

wholly owned material subsidiary of the Company has also

impacted due to higher fuel cost and stabilization of its new plant at

Mukutban.

During the year, no Company has become or ceased to be the

Company’s Subsidiaries, Joint Venture or Associate Company.

The “Policy on ‘Material’ Subsidiary” is available on the Company’s

website and may be accessed at the link https://www.

birlacorporation.com/investors/policies/policy-on-material-

subsidiary.pdf.

Pursuant to Section 129(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with

Rule 5 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, a statement

containing salient features of the financial statements of

Subsidiaries/ Associate Companies/Joint Ventures in Form AOC-1

forms part of the consolidated financial statement and hence not

repeated here for the sake of brevity. Further, pursuant to the

provisions of Section 136 of the Companies Act, 2013, the Annual

Financial Statements of each of the Subsidiaries are available on the

Company’s website at www.birlacorporation.com.

DEPOSITS

During the year the Company has not accepted any deposits from

the public falling within the ambit of Section 73 of the Companies

Act, 2013 and the Rules framed thereunder.

DETAILS OF SIGNIFICANT AND MATERIAL ORDERS PASSED BY

THE REGULATORS, COURTS AND TRIBUNALS

No significant and material order has been passed by the regulators,

courts, tribunals impacting the going concern status and

Company’s operations in future.

INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEMS AND THEIR ADEQUACY

The Company has in place adequate internal control systems and

procedures which are commensurate with its size and nature of

business. The objective of these procedures are to ensure efficient

use and protection of the Company’s resources, accuracy in

financial reporting and due compliance with statutes, corporate

policies and procedures.

Internal Audit is conducted periodically across all locations by

Chartered Accountant/ Audit firms who verify and report on the

efficiency and effectiveness of internal controls. The adequacy of

58:

Managing Director &

(DIN: 00394094)

Chief Executive Officer

(DIN: 08526143)

Place: Kolkata

Dated, the 9th May, 2023

61

BIRLA

CORPORATION

LIMITED

DIFFERENCE IN VALUATION

There was no instance of one-time settlement with banks or

financial institutions and hence the differences in valuation as

enumerated under Rule 8 (5) (xii) of Companies (Accounts) Rules,

2014, as amended, do not arise.

COMPLIANCE WITH SECRETARIAL STANDARDS

During the financial year, the Company has complied with

applicable Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute of Company

Secretaries of India, i.e. SS-1 and SS-2 relating to 'Meetings of the

Board of Directors' and 'General Meetings', respectively.

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT

Statements in this Report, particularly those which relate to

Management Discussion & Analysis, describing the Company’s

objectives, projections, estimates, expectations or predictions may

be ‘forward looking statements’ within the meaning of applicable

laws or regulations. Actual results could however differ materially

from those expressed or implied. Important factors that could make a

difference to the Company’s operations include global and domestic

demand-supply conditions, finished goods prices, raw materials and

fuels cost & availability, transportation costs, changes in Government

regulations and tax structure, economic developments within India:

Managing Director &

Place: Kolkata

(DIN: 00394094)

Chief Executive Officer

Dated, the 9th May, 2023

(DIN: 08526143)

64:

Managing Director &

Place: Kolkata

(DIN: 00394094)

Chief Executive Officer

Dated, the 9th May, 2023

(DIN: 08526143)

66:

Managing Director &

-

N.A.

Chief Executive Officer

#

02.

Shri Arvind Pathak

Erstwhile: Managing Director &

-

-

Chief Executive Officer

03.

Shri Aditya Saraogi

Chief Financial Officer

N.A.

7.49%

04.

Shri Manoj Kumar Mehta

Company Secretary &

N.A.

13.37%

Legal Head

*

Appointed as the Wholetime Director for the period from 1st December, 2022 to 31st December, 2022 and thereafter, elevated as the

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer of the Company w.e.f. 1st January, 2023, therefore % increment in the FY 2022-23 is not

applicable.

#

Ceased to be the Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer of the Company w.e.f. 31st December, 2022.

**

The median remuneration of employees of the Company during the financial year 2022-23 was ` 2.60 Lakhs.

Notes:

a.

The ratio of remuneration to Median Remuneration is provided only for those Directors who have drawn remuneration from the

Company for the full financial year 2022-23.

b.

For the purpose of computation of increase in remuneration, incentive remuneration has been considered based on accruals and

payments relating to earlier years have been excluded.

c.

The Non-Executive Directors of the Company are entitled for sitting fees and commission as per the statutory provisions and within the

limits approved by the Members. The details of sitting fees and commission paid to the Non-Executive Directors are provided in the

Report on Corporate Governance.

(ii)

There was an increase of 7.78% in the median remuneration of employees during the financial year 2022-23.

(iii) There were 6,920 permanent employees on the rolls of Company as on 31st March, 2023.

(iv) Average percentage increase made in the salaries of employees other than the Managerial Personnel in the financial year i.e. 2022-23

was 11.07% whereas the increase in the managerial remuneration for the same financial year was 12.08%.

Average increase in the remuneration of the employees other than the Managerial Personnel and that of the Managerial Personnel

depends upon the factors like industry standards, individual performance etc. during the year.

(v)

It is hereby affirmed that the remuneration paid during the year ended 31st March, 2023 is as per the Nomination and Remuneration

Policy of the Company.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Harsh V. Lodha

Sandip Ghose

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer have resigned w.e.f 11th May, 2022 and 31st December, 2022 respectively.

Furthermore, Shri Sandip Ghose (DIN: 08526143) was appointed as an Additional Director and the Whole-time Director of the Company for

a period from 1st December, 2022 to 31st December, 2022 and subsequently, as the: Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer of the

Company for a period of three years w.e.f. 1st January, 2023.

Adequate notice had been given to all the Directors to schedule the Board Meetings (including meetings of the Committees), agenda and

detailed notes on agenda were sent at least seven days in advance except in case of the Board Meeting dated 16th September, 2022 which

was conducted at a shorter notice with the consent of all the Directors and in presence of independent directors of the Company and all the

provisions with regard to conducting meeting at a shorter notice were duly complied with. A system exists for seeking and obtaining further

information and clarification on the agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful participation at the meeting.

As per the minutes of the meetings duly recorded and signed by the

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. My responsibility is to express an opinion

on these secretarial records based on my audit.

2.

I have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the

contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial

records. I believe that the processes and practices, followed by me provide a reasonable basis for my opinion.

3.

I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, I have obtained the management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and

happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of

management. My examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The secretarial audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with

which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Rajesh Ghorawat

Practising Company Secretary

M. No.: F7226

C.P. No.: 20897

Place: Kolkata

UDIN: F007226E000264516

Date: 6th May, 2023

ICSI Peer Review No.: 1992/2022

73

BIRLA

CORPORATION

LIMITED:

Dear Stakeholders,

It gives me immense pleasure to unveil our inaugural Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report in compliance with framework

prescribed by SEBI. The report is an illustration of the Company's environmental and social performance during the reporting period,

which demonstrates our commitment towards creating long term value for our stakeholders.

Despite the various economic challenges faced during the reporting period the Company was able to overcome them by embracing an

ESG framework. The framework has enabled the Company to integrate ESG into every aspect of its business strategy. It has not only

enabled us to identify various risks & opportunities but also set an action plan to mitigate risks and improve upon our performance

towards key objectives.:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

8.

Details of the highest authority responsible for implementation and oversight of the Business Responsibility policy(ies).

S. No.

Particulars

Details

1

DIN

08526143

2

Name

Mr. Sandip Ghose

3

Designation: Managing

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer.

4.

Do you have a focal point (Individual/Committee) responsible for addressing human rights impact or issues caused or

contributed to by the business?

Yes.

5.

Describe the internal mechanisms in place to redress grievances related to human rights issues.

All grievances are addressed as and when received by the respective Manufacturing Unit Heads/Project Managers/Business Unit

Heads through Admin in co-ordination with HR. All the grievances received are duly investigated and appropriate actions are taken to

resolve the issue/complaint. Whenever required, disciplinary actions are initiated as deemed fit and assistance from regulatory

authority is sought.

`

`:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer of

the Company. The composition of the Board is in conformity

with Regulation 17 of the Listing Regulations read with Section

149 of the Companies Act, 2013.

As per the declarations received from the Directors:

a)

None of the Directors of the Company are Members of

more than 10 (Ten) Committees (i.e. Audit Committee

and Stakeholders Relationship Committee) and

Chairman of more than 5 (Five) such Committees as

specified in Regulation 26 of the Listing Regulations.

b)

None of the Directors of the Company holds directorship

in more than 10 (Ten) public companies and in more than

7 (Seven) listed Companies or serves as an Independent

Director in more than 7 (Seven) listed companies.

c): Managing

Managing Director of Paharpur Cooling

Towers Limited. He is a Mechanical Engineer and is an

acknowledged authority on thermal design of cooling towers

in India. He has vast experience in Marketing, Engineering and

other General Management functions. He is the Vice Chairman

of Kalyan Bharti Trust which owns and operates The Heritage

Group of Educational Institutions in Kolkata, Chairman of the

School Management Committee of The Heritage School and

Vice Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Heritage

Institute of Technology. He is also on the Executive Committee

of the Indo-Italian Chamber of Commerce & Industries.

Shri Anand Bordia, Independent Director, Member of the

Indian Revenue Service (Retd.), held senior positions in the

Central Government such as, Director Audit, Indian Customs

and Central Excise, Member Finance, National Highways

Authority of India. He worked in the Secretariat of the World

Customs Organization, Brussels, Belgium. He undertook

consultancy projects for the Harvard Institute for International

Development, UNODC and Asian Development Bank.

Shri Dhruba Narayan Ghosh, Independent Director, was

the former Secretary to the Govt. of India and a former

Chairman of State Bank of India. He was the Founder

Chairman of ICRA Ltd., the premier Rating Agency and former

Chairman of Larsen & Toubro Ltd., Philips (India) Ltd. and the

Management Development Institute, Gurgaon and Founder

Chairman of the Indian Institute of Management, Lucknow.

Dr. Deepak Nayyar, Independent Director, is an eminent

economist and Emeritus Professor of Economics at Jawaharlal

Nehru University. Earlier, he taught at the University of Oxford,

University of Sussex and IIM Calcutta. More recently, he was

Distinguished University Professor of Economics at the New

School of Social Research, New York. He is the Chairman of the

Board of the Institute of Development Studies, Sussex, in the

UK. He was a Rhodes Scholar at Oxford and is Honorary Fellow,

Balliol College, Oxford. He served as Chief Economic Adviser to

the Government of India and Secretary, Ministry of Finance. He

also served as Vice Chancellor, University of Delhi. He has

published 18 books and more than 100 papers in academic

journals. Dr. Nayyar was an Independent Director on the Board

of the State Bank of India, ICRA, SAIL and ONGC. He is, at

present, on the Board of The Press Trust of India Limited.

Smt. Shailaja Chandra, Independent Woman Director, was

a Member of the Indian Administrative Service (IAS) who

distinguished herself in several assignments including as

Secretary in the Ministry of Health and later as Delhi’s only

woman Chief Secretary. Apart from 15 years of service with the

Central Government where she held assignments in the

Ministries of Defence, Power and Health, she had been posted

in Maharashtra, Manipur, Goa, Delhi and the Andaman &

Nicobar Islands.

After retirement, Smt. Chandra held a series of assignments

carrying full-time responsibility including as the Chairman of

the Public Grievances Commission and Appellate Authority

under the Delhi Right to Information Act and as the first

Executive Director of the National Population Stabilisation

Fund, under the Ministry of Health & Family Welfare.

She was a full-time member of the Yamuna Monitoring

Committee set up by the National Green Tribunal until early

2021. She continues to be on the Boards and Management

Committees of listed Indian companies and Apex level NGOs

working for women’s and children’s welfare.

Recently she was conferred an honorary degree of Doctor of

Literature by the University of Transdisciplinary Health

Sciences & Technology, Bengaluru.

112:

Managing Director & Chief Executive

Officer, is a Business Leader and General Management

professional with multi-disciplinary skill sets. He has nearly

four decades of experience and held a variety of senior

leadership positions in industries, ranging from Consumer

Goods (FMCG), Media and Cement, across India and Nepal. He

is a qualified Chartered Accountant and Professional Coach

accredited by the International Coach Federation.

A prolific commentator on current affairs, he is an invited

columnist in several print and on-line publications and guest

on leading TV News and Business channels. He is a strong

believer in the India growth story and passionate about

mentoring and developing leaders for the future.

Directors’ induction, familiarisation and training:

The Company acknowledges the importance of continuous

education and training of the Directors to enable effective

discharge of their responsibility.

Any new Director who joins the Board is presented with a brief

background of the Company and its operations. While

inducting a Director on the Board, a formal: letter of

appointment is issued to such Director which, inter-alia,

explains the role, functions, duties and responsibilities of the

Director and the Board’s expectations from him/her. A

specimen thereof has been posted on the website of the

Company which can be accessed at link https://www.

birlacorporation.com/letter-of-appointment.pdf. The

requirement of obtaining declarations from the Directors

under the Companies Act, 2013, Listing Regulations and other

relevant regulations are also explained in detail to the

Directors and necessary affirmations are received from them

in respect thereto.

Senior Management Personnel of the Company make

presentations to the Board Members on a periodical basis,

briefing them on the operations of the Company, plans,

strategy, risks involved, new initiatives, etc., and seek their

opinions and suggestions on the same. Directors are regularly

briefed about the industry specific issues to enable them to

understand the business environment in which the Company

operates. To enhance their skills and knowledge, the Directors

are regularly updated on the changes in the policies, laws and

regulations and other developments in the business

environment. The Board Members are provided necessary

Shri Dilip Ganesh Karnik, Non-Independent Non-

documents, reports and other various presentations from time

to time.

Efforts are also made to familiarise the Directors about their

roles, rights, responsibility in the Company, its business model

and the environment in which the Company operates.

The details of such familiarisation programmes have been

placed on the website of the Company at http://www.

birlacorporation.com/directors-induction.html.

Meetings, attendance and agenda of the Board Meetings:

During the financial year 2022-2023, 7 (Seven) Meetings of the

Board of Directors of the Company were held on 22nd April,

2022 and 23rd April, 2022 (Strategy Meeting); 11th May, 2022;

6th August, 2022; 16th September, 2022; 8th November, 2022;

14th December, 2022 and 4th February, 2023. The time gap

between two consecutive board meetings did not exceed one

hundred and twenty days.

The Company’s Board plays a pivotal role in ensuring good

governance and functioning of the Company. Members of the

Board freely express their views on the meeting agenda and

discuss pertinent issues at the meeting with the permission of

the

Managing Director &

&

Chief Executive Officer)

Shri Sandip Ghose

Executive

2

NA

500

-

-

-

None

(: Managing Director &

^

Chief Executive Officer)

P= Present, A= Absent, NED= Non-Independent Non-Executive Director, ID= Independent Non-Executive Director

@

Shri Brij Behari Tandon ceased to be the Director w.e.f. 11th May, 2022.

&

Shri Arvind Pathak ceased to be the Director and simultaneously as the Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer w.e.f. 31st December, 2022.

^

Shri Sandip Ghose was appointed as an additional director w.e.f. 1st December, 2022 and simultaneously as Wholetime Director for the period from 1st

December, 2022 to 31st December, 2022 and thereafter elevated as Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer w.e.f 1st January, 2023. Subsequently,

his appointment was approved by the shareholders through Postal Ballot on 14th January, 2023.

*

Shares held jointly with other shareholder.

$

As per the disclosure received from the respective directors and excludes Alternate Directorships, Directorships held in Private Limited Companies,

Foreign Companies and Section 8 Companies.

#

Only covers Membership/

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer in terms of the Listing Regulations is

attached to this report and forms part of the Annual Report of

the Company.

Code of Conduct of Independent Directors:

As per the provisions of Section 149(8) of the Companies Act,

2013, the Company and Independent Directors shall abide by

the provisions specified in Schedule IV of the Companies Act,

2013. Further, Schedule IV lays down a Code for Independent

Directors of the Company. Pursuant to the said provisions of

the Companies Act, 2013, the Company has formulated a Code

for Independent Directors of the Company and the same has

also been placed on the website of the Company which can be

accessed at link: https://www.birlacorporation.com/

investors/code-of-conduct/code-of-conduct-independent-

directors.pdf

Board Committees:

The Committees constituted by the Board focus on specific

areas and take informed decisions within the framework

designed by the Board and make specific recommendations to

the Board on matters in their areas or purview. All decisions

and recommendations of the Committees are placed before

the Board for information or for approval, if required. To

enable better and more focused attention on the affairs of the

Company, the Board has delegated particular matters to the

Committees of the Board set up for the purposes.

The Board has the following Committees:

i.

Audit Committee.

ii.

Nomination and Remuneration Committee.

iii.

Stakeholders Relationship Committee.

iv.

Committee of Directors.

v.

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee.

vi.

Risk Management Committee.

3.

AUDIT COMMITTEE:

3.1

The Company has a qualified and independent Audit

Committee in place. The role and terms of reference of the

Committee are as laid down under Section 177 of the

Companies Act, 2013 read with the rules framed thereunder

and Regulation 18 read with Part C of Schedule II of the Listing

Regulations. The Committee acts as a link between the

Auditors and the Board of Directors.

3.2

The extract of terms of reference of the Audit Committee inter-

alia includes the following:

1.

Oversight of the company’s financial reporting process

and the disclosure of its financial information to ensure

that the financial statement is correct, sufficient and

credible;

2.

Recommendation for appointment, remuneration and

terms of appointment of auditors of the company;

3.

Reviewing, with the management, the annual financial

statements and auditor’s report thereon before

submission to the board for approval;

4.

Approval or any subsequent modification of transactions

of the company with related parties;

5.

Evaluation of internal financial controls and risk

management systems;

6.

Review compliance with the provisions of SEBI (Prohibition

of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015 as amended from

time to time, at least once in a financial year;

7.

To perform such other functions as may be delegated by

the Board and/ or mandated by any regulatory provisions

from time to time.

3.3

During the year 2022-2023, 4 (Four) meetings of the Audit

Committee of the Company were held on 10th May, 2022, 5th

August, 2022, 7th November, 2022 and 3rd February, 2023.

The time gap between any two consecutive meetings did not

exceed one hundred and twenty days. The composition of the

Committee and the attendance of members of the Committee

during the year 2022-2023 are as under:

Name of the Member

Category

No. of meetings

attended

Shri Vikram Swarup

Independent

4

(Chairman)

Non-Executive Director

Shri Anand Bordia

Independent

4

Non-Executive Director

Shri Brij Behari Tandon*

Independent

-

Non-Executive Director

Dr. Deepak Nayyar

Independent

3

Non-Executive Director

Smt. Shailaja Chandra#

Independent

2

Non-Executive Director

Shri Arvind Pathak&

Executive Director

1

Shri Sandip Ghose^

Executive Director

1

* Shri Brij Behari Tandon ceased to be the member w.e.f. 11th May, 2022.

# Smt. Shailaja Chandra appointed as the member w.e.f. 6th August, 2022.

& Shri Arvind Pathak appointed as the member w.e.f. 6th August, 2022 and

ceased to be the member w.e.f. 31st December, 2022.

^ Shri Sandip Ghose appointed as the member w.e.f. 1st January, 2023.

As on 31st March, 2023, more than two-third Members of the

Audit Committee are Non-Executive Independent Directors

including the Chairman. As per the requirements of Regulation

18 of the Listing Regulations and Section 177 of the Companies

Act, 2013, all Members of the Audit Committee including the

Chairman are financially literate and have expertise in

accounting or related financial management.

The Executive Directors, Chief Management Advisor, Chief

Financial Officer, Executive Presidents, Presidents, Head of

Management Audit Department and representatives of the

REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (Contd.)

116:

Managing Director & Chief

Executive Officer till 31st December, 2022 :

( in Lakhs)

Name

Salary

Perquisites

Sitting

Perfor-

Total

Period of

Notice

and

Fees

mance

amount

Service

period

Allowances

Linked

paid/payable

Contract

Bonus

in 2022-2023

Shri Arvind

99.30

207.47

-

52.50

359.27

3 Years

3 months’

Pathak

w.e.f.

notice

31.03.2021

period

(b) Shri Sandip Ghose, Wholetime Director for the period

from 1st December, 2022 to 31st December, 2022 and: Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer w.e.f.

1st January, 2023 :

(` in Lakhs)

Name

Salary

Perquisites

Sitting

Per-

Total

Period of

Notice

Severance

and

Fees

formance

amount

Service

Period

Fees

Allowances

Linked

paid/

Contract

Bonus

payable

in 2022-

2023

Shri Sandip

56.00

94.02

-

40.00

190.02

3 Years

3 months’ Minimum of 12

Ghose

w.e.f.

notice

months of Fixed

01.01.2023

period

Cost or full

compensation

of balance

tenure,

whichever is less.

During the financial year 2022-2023, the Company had

paid remuneration(s) to Shri Arvind Pathak and Shri Sandip

Ghose, in excess of the permissible limits prescribed under

Section 197 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with

Schedule V, which are subject to approval of Shareholders

in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act,

2013 and any other laws as may be applicable in the

forthcoming Annual General Meeting of the Company.

(c)

Non-Executive Directors:

The details of the commission and sitting fees

paid/payable to Non-Executive Directors for the financial

year 2022-2023 are given below:

(In )

Commission

Name

(Relating to

Sitting Fees

financial year

2022-2023)

Shri Harsh V. Lodha*

-

10,00,000

Shri Vikram Swarup

10,00,000

15,50,000

Shri Anand Bordia

10,00,000

14,25,000

Shri Dhruba Narayan Ghosh

10,00,000

8,50,000

Dr. Deepak Nayyar

10,00,000

10,00,000

Smt. Shailaja Chandra

10,00,000

11,25,000

Shri Dilip Ganesh Karnik

10,00,000

8,00,000

*

Shri Harsh V. Lodha,

Letter of Confirma-

tion(s) and other issues concerning investor services during

the year.

The Company has received 1 (One) complaint from the

shareholder during the financial year 2022-2023 and the same

has been processed in time and replied/resolved to the

satisfaction of the shareholder.

As on 31st March, 2023, no grievances of the shareholders

remained unaddressed/pending.

The minutes of the meetings of the Stakeholders Relationship

Committee are placed before and noted by the Board. During

the year, all recommendations made by the Stakeholders

Relationship Committee were accepted by the Board of

Directors of the Company.

Shri Manoj Kumar Mehta, Company Secretary & Legal Head is

the Compliance Officer of the Company for complying with

the requirements of the Listing Regulations. He is also the

Nodal Officer for IEPF matters.

The Chairman of the Stakeholders Relationship Committee

was present at the last Annual General Meeting of the

Company held on 27th September, 2022.

7.

COMMITTEE OF DIRECTORS:

7.1

The Committee of Directors has been constituted by the Board

of Directors of the Company with necessary powers delegated

to it with a view to conduct the affairs of the Company

smoothly.

meetings

7.2

During the year 2022-2023, no meeting of the Committee of

Directors of the Company was held. The composition of the

Committee is as under:

Name of the Member

Category

Shri Harsh V. Lodha

Non-Independent

(Chairman)

Non-Executive Director

Shri Vikram Swarup

Independent

Non-Executive Director

Shri Arvind Pathak*

Executive Director

Shri Sandip Ghose#

Executive Director

* Shri Arvind Pathak ceased to be the member w.e.f. 31st December, 2022.

# Shri Sandip Ghose appointed as the member w.e.f. 1st January, 2023.

8.

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY COMMITTEE:

8.1

The Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Committee has been

constituted by the Board of Directors of the Company as per

the provisions of Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 read

with the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy)

Rules, 2014.

8.2

The extract of terms of reference of the Corporate Social

Responsibility Committee of the Company inter-alia includes

the following:

a.

To formulate and recommend to the Board, a Corporate

Social Responsibility Policy which shall indicate the

activities to be undertaken by the Company as specified

in Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013;

b.

To recommend the amount of expenditure to be incurred

on various CSR activities in a financial year;

c.

To monitor the Corporate Social Responsibility Policy of

the Company from time to time;

d.

To formulate and recommend to the Board, an Annual

CSR Action Plan in pursuance of its CSR policy;

e.

To decide on any other matter/thing as may be

considered expedient by the members in furtherance of

and to comply with the CSR Policy of the Company;

f.

To perform such other functions as may be delegated by

the Board and/or mandated by any regulatory provisions

from time to time.

8.3

During the year 2022-2023, 2 (Two) meetings of the CSR

Committee of the Company were held on 11th May, 2022 and

8th November, 2022. The composition of the Committee and

REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (Contd.)

119

BIRLA

CORPORATION

LIMITED:

Managing Director & Chief

Executive Officer of the Company for a period

of 3 years w.e.f. 1st January, 2023.

The aforesaid Resolutions were passed with requisite majority

on 14th January, 2023.

The Postal Ballot was conducted in accordance with the

provisions of Section 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 read

with rules framed thereunder, Listing Regulations and

Secretarial Standard on General Meetings to the extent

applicable and other law and regulation, if any. The Company

had engaged Central Depository Services (India) Limited

(“CDSL”) as its agency for providing remote e-voting facility to

the Shareholders of the Company. Shareholders were given an

option to vote either by means of Physical Postal Ballot or

through remote e-voting.

Shri Anil Kumar Murarka, LLB, Company Secretary in

Wholetime Practice, was appointed as the Scrutinizer for

conducting the Postal Ballot including remote e-voting

process in a fair and transparent manner.

At present, there is no proposal for passing any Special

Resolution through Postal Ballot.

13. DISCLOSURES:

i)

Disclosure on materially significant related party

transactions:

All transactions entered into with Related Parties as defined

under the Companies Act, 2013 and the Listing Regulations

during the financial year 2022-2023 were in the ordinary

course of business and on an arms length basis and do not

attract the provisions of Section 188 of the Companies Act,

2013. There were no materially significant transactions with

related parties during the financial year 2022-2023 which were

in conflict with the interest of the Company.

Suitable disclosure as required by the Indian Accounting

Standard (IND-AS 24) has been made in the Note No. 61 of the

Standalone Financial Statements.

The Policy on Related Party Transactions has been placed on

the website of the Company and can be accessed at

https://www.birlacorporation.com/investors/policies/policy-

on-related-party-transactions-BCL.pdf

ii)

Compliance with Accounting Standard :

In the preparation of the financial statements, the Company

has followed and adopted all relevant Indian Accounting

Standards notified by the Companies (Indian Accounting

Standards) Rules, 2015 (IND AS) specified under Section 133 of

the Companies Act, 2013 read with relevant Rules made

thereunder and other recognized accounting policies and

practices. The Significant Accounting Policies which are

consistently applied and followed by the Company to the

extent applicable have been set out in the Notes to the

Financial Statements.

iii)

Details of non-compliance by the Company, penalties,

strictures imposed on the Company by the Stock

Exchanges, SEBI or any Statutory Authority on any matter

related to Capital Markets:

The Company has complied with all the requirements of the

Listing Regulations as well as other regulations and guidelines

of SEBI. There has been no instance of non-compliance by the

Company on any matter related to Capital Markets and no

penalties or strictures have been imposed on the Company by

SEBI, Stock Exchanges or any statutory authority on any matter

related to Capital Markets during last three financial years.

iv)

Risk Management:

The Company has laid a comprehensive Risk Plan and

Management Policy which is reviewed by the Risk

Management Committee and the Audit Committee and

approved by the Board from time to time. These procedures are

reviewed and updated to ensure that executive management

controls risk through means of a properly defined framework

and the risks are properly dealt with and mitigated.

v)

Vigil Mechanism/Whistle Blower Policy:

In compliance with the provisions of Section 177(9) of the

Companies Act, 2013 read with the rules framed thereunder

and Regulation 22 of the Listing Regulations, the Company has

framed a Vigil Mechanism/Whistle Blower Policy and the same

has also been placed on the website of the Company.

It is affirmed that neither the Directors nor any employees of

the Company has been denied access to the Chairman of the

Audit Committee.

REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (Contd.)

122:

Managing Director or

Chief Executive Officer: The Chairman of the Board is

Non-Executive Director and not related to the Managing

Director & Chief Executive Officer (‘MD & CEO’) of the

Company.

vii)

Policy for determining ‘Material’ Subsidiaries:

The Company’s Policy for determining Material Subsidiary is

placed on the website of the Company and can be accessed at

the link:

https://www.birlacorporation.com/investors/policies/policy-

on-material-subsidiary.pdf

viii) Details of utilization of funds raised through preferential

allotment or qualified institutions placement as specified

under Regulation 32 (7A):

The Company did not raise any funds through preferential

allotment or qualified institutions placement during the

financial year 2022-2023.

ix)

A certificate from a Company Secretary in practice

regarding Non-Debarment and Non-Disqualification of

Directors:

The Certificate received from M/s. Mamta Binani & Associates,

Company Secretaries certifying that none of the Directors on

the Board of the Company have been debarred or disqualified

from being appointed or continuing as Director of Company

by the Securities and Exchange Board of India and Ministry of

Corporate Affairs or any such other Statutory Authority, is

attached to this report and forms part of the Annual Report.

x)

Where the board had not accepted any recommendation

of any committee of the board which is mandatorily

required, in the relevant financial year:

All the recommendations of the various Committees were

accepted by the Board.

xi)

Total fees for all services paid by the listed entity and its

subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, to the statutory

auditor and all entities in the network firm/network entity

of which the statutory auditor is a part:

The Company has paid a total sum of ` 1.22 crores on

consolidated basis to M/s. V. Sankar Aiyar & Co., Statutory

Auditors of the Company for all the services provided to the

Company and its subsidiaries, details of which are mentioned

below:

(` in Crore)

Particular of fees paid

By Company By Subsidiary

Total

Statutory Audit Fees

0.31

0.26

0.57

Other services including

0.45

0.20

0.65

reimbursement of expenses

Total

0.76

0.46

1.22

xii)

Disclosures in relation to the Sexual Harassment of

Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and

Redressal) Act, 2013:

The Company has zero tolerance towards sexual harassment

at workplace. The Company has adopted a policy on

prevention, prohibition and redressal of sexual harassment at

workplace in line with the provisions of the Sexual Harassment

of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and

Redressal) Act, 2013 and the rules framed thereunder for

prevention and redressal of complaints of sexual harassment

at workplace.

There were no complaints relating to sexual harassment,

pending at the beginning of financial year, received during the

year and pending as on the end of the financial year 2022-

2023.

xiii) The details of loans and advances granted by the Company to

the firms/companies in which directors are interested have

been disclosed in Note No. 11 of the Standalone Financial

Statements.

xiv) There has been no instances of non-compliance of any

requirement of Corporate Governance Report as mentioned in

sub-paras (2) to (10) of para C of Schedule V to the Listing

Regulations.

REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (Contd.)

123

BIRLA

CORPORATION

LIMITED:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer and Chief

Financial Officer of the Company have issued a certificate

pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 17(8) read with Part B

of Schedule II of the Listing Regulations certifying that the

financial statements do not contain any materially untrue

statement and these statements represent a true and fair view

of the Company’s affairs. The said Certificate is attached to this

report and forms part of the Annual Report.

The Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer also give

quarterly certification on financial results to the Board in terms

of Regulation 33(2) of the Listing Regulations.

16. COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE OF THE AUDITORS:

A Compliance Certificate has been received from the

Company’s Statutory Auditors, M/s. V. Sankar Aiyar & Co.,

Chartered Accountants, pursuant to Schedule V of the Listing

Regulations regarding the compliance of conditions of

Corporate Governance. The said certificate is attached to this

report and forms part of the Annual Report.

17. MEANS OF COMMUNICATION:

The Company utilizes various means of communication to

keep its shareholders and stakeholders informed of its

financial performance, events, and updates. Below are some of

the mode and means of communication which Company does

with its shareholder.

Financial Results: The quarterly, half-yearly and the annual

financial results of the Company are published in one English

newspaper circulating in whole or substantially the whole

of India and in one vernacular newspaper. The results

are also displayed on the Company’s website at

www.birlacorporation.com.

Press Release: The Company issues Press Releases on the

quarterly, half-yearly and the annual financial results

which are also displayed on the Company’s website at

www.birlacorporation.com. As per the requirements of the

Listing Regulations, the financial results, Statutory Notices and

Press Releases are furnished to the Stock Exchanges where the

securities of the Company are listed.

Annual Report: The Annual Report for financial year 2021-

2022 along with Notice of AGM, Attendance Slip and Proxy

Form were sent through electronic mode to those Members

whose email addresses were registered with the

Company/Depository Participant(s). For members who have

not registered their email addresses, physical copies of the

aforesaid documents were sent through permitted mode.

REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (Contd.)

124:

Letter of Confirmation’ is issued by the Company in lieu of

Physical Share Certificate(s) to the securities holder/claimant.

Such ‘: Letter of Confirmation’ shall be valid for a period of 120

days from the date of its issuance, within which the securities

holder/claimant shall make a request to the Depository

Participant for dematerializing the said securities.

18.14 Simplified Norms for processing Investor’s Service

Requests:

Pursuant to SEBI Circular no. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-

PoD-1/P/CIR/2023/37 dated March 16, 2023, issued in

supersession of earlier circulars issued by SEBI bearing nos.

SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2021/655 and

SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2021/687 dated

November 3, 2021 and December 14, 2021, respectively, it has

become mandatory for all the holders of Physical Securities of

listed entities to furnish their PAN, Nomination, Contact

details, Bank A/c. details and Specimen signature for their

corresponding folio numbers. The folios wherein any one of

the cited documents/details is not available on or after

October 1, 2023, shall be frozen by the RTA. Members holding

Physical Securities who are yet to update their KYC details

are urged to furnish their PAN, Nomination, Contact details,

Bank A/c. details and Specimen signature by submitting the

prescribed form along with necessary documents to the

Company’s RTA i.e. MCS Share Transfer Agent Limited at 383,

Lake Gardens, 1st Floor, Kolkata - 700045.

REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (Contd.)

126

18.12 Registrar & Share Transfer Agent:

MCS Share Transfer Agent Limited

383, Lake Gardens, 1st Floor,

Kolkata -700 045

Phone: (033) 4072 4051 to 4052

E-mail : mcssta@rediffmail.com

Share Price of Birla Corporation Limited (BCL) vs Nifty

15500

Apr-22

May-22

Feb-23

Jun-22

Jul-22

Aug-22

Sep-22

Oct-22

Nov-22

Dec-22

Jan-23

Mar-23

800

19000

1150

17500

1000

16500

900

18500

1100

16000

850

17000

950

18000

1050

Nifty

BCL -

Share Price NSE

in

Nifty

BCL - Share Price in NSE

Sensex

BCL - Share

Price in

BSE

Share Price of Birla Corporation Limited (BCL) vs Sensex

Sensex

BCL - Share

Price in

BSE

50000

Apr-22

May-22

Jun-22

Jul-22

Aug-22

Sep-22

Oct-22

Nov-22

Dec-22

Jan-23

Mar-23

Feb-23

800

64000

1150

58000

1000

54000

900

62000

1100

52000

850

56000

950

60000

1050

letter duly signed by

the shareholders furnishing their postal address, self-attested

copies of PAN card & proof of address and for delivery of

shares in DEMAT form, a copy of Demat Account-Client

Master Report duly certified by the Depository Participant

and a recent demat account statement, to enable the

Company to release the said shares to the rightful owner.

18.23 Distribution of shareholding as on 31st March, 2023:

No. of Ordinary

Shareholders

Shares

Shares held

Number

%

Number

%

1 to 500

95642

97.49

4455026

5.78

501 to 1000

1327

1.35

978948

1.27

1001 to 2000

592

0.61

851904

1.11

2001 to 3000

157

0.16

389150

0.51

3001 to 4000

89

0.09

314883

0.41

4001 to 5000

57

0.06

265401

0.34

5001 to 10000

90

0.09

643597

0.84

10001 and above

149

0.15

69106438

89.74

Total

98103

100.00

77005347

100.00

REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (Contd.)

128:

Managing Director &

Dated: 9th May, 2023

Chief Executive Officer

CERTIFICATE

(Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C clause (10)(i) of the SEBI

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015)

We have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the Directors of Birla Corporation Limited

and having registered office at Birla Building, 9/1, R N Mukherjee Road, Kolkata 700001, West Bengal, India (hereinafter referred to as 'the

Company'), produced before us by the Company for the purpose of issuing this Certificate, in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with

Schedule V Para-C Sub clause 10(i) of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015.

In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the verifications including Directors Identification Number (DIN) status at

the portal (www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and explanations furnished to us by the Company & its officers, we hereby certify that

st

none of the Directors on the Board of the Company for the Financial Year ending on 31 March, 2023 have been debarred or disqualified from

being appointed or continuing as Directors of companies by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs, or any

such other Statutory Authority.

For Mamta Binani & Associates

CS Madhuri Pandey

Partner

CP No. : 20723

Membership No.: A55836

UDIN: A055836E000470426

Place: Kolkata

Date: 09.05.2023

REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (Contd.)

131

BIRLA

CORPORATION

LIMITED:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Certification

[Pursuant to Regulation 17(8) of SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 2015]

The Board of Directors

Birla Corporation Limited

9/1, R.N. Mukherjee Road,

Kolkata – 700 001

We, Sandip Ghose,: Managing

Managing Director

& Legal Head

& Chief Executive Officer

(DIN: 08526143)

Kolkata

Date: 9th May, 2023

(` in Crores)

Note No.

As at 31st March, 2023

As at 31st March, 2022

ASSETS

NON-CURRENT ASSETS

Property, Plant and Equipment

5

3,425.18

3,304.16

Capital Work-In-Progress

5

113.64

198.16

Investment Property

6

1.10

0.40

Intangible Assets

7

31.67

29.32

Intangible Assets under Development

7

0.31

1.74

Biological Assets other than Bearer Plants

8

0.71

0.85

Investment in Subsidiaries

9

2,280.54

2,280.49

Financial Assets

Investments

10

410.53

407.31

Loans

11

0.40

0.46

Other Financial Assets

12

155.49

137.63

Non Current Tax Asset (Net)

55.07

30.74

Other Non-Current Assets

13

83.92

6,558.56

80.12

6,471.38

CURRENT ASSETS

Inventories

14

754.74

602.71

Financial Assets

Investments

15

315.21

618.91

Trade Receivables

16

227.19

221.77

Cash and Cash Equivalents

17

71.05

72.92

Bank Balances other than Cash and Cash Equivalents

18

10.38

52.45

Loans

11

1.06

1.03

Other Financial Assets

12

70.06

134.87

Other Current Assets

13

179.03

185.77

Non-Current Assets classified as Held for Sale

19

0.68

1,629.40

1.08

1,891.51

Total Assets

8,187.96

8,362.89

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

EQUITY

Equity Share Capital

20

77.01

77.01

Other Equity

21

5,061.23

5,138.24

5,118.13

5,195.14

LIABILITIES

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES

Financial Liabilities

Borrowings

22

817.42

952.96

Lease Liabilities

49.55

52.41

Other Financial Liabilities

23

421.55

413.28

Provisions

24

41.45

40.73

Deferred Tax Liabilities (Net)

25

365.89

373.18

Non Current Tax Liabilities (Net)

0.40

1.26

Other Non-Current Liabilities

26

141.52

1,837.78

141.82

1,975.64

CURRENT LIABILITIES

Financial Liabilities

Borrowings

27

163.12

226.35

Lease Liabilities

3.00

2.71

Trade Payables

28

- Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises

15.03

7.31

- Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small enterprises

556.12

470.29

Other Financial Liabilities

23

281.88

268.34

Other Current Liabilities

26

180.89

204.54

Provisions

24

11.90

1,211.94

12.57

1,192.11

Total Equity and Liabilities

8,187.96

8,362.89

Basis of Preparation

2

Significant Accounting Policies

3

Significant Judgements and Key Estimates

4

The Notes are an integral part of the Standalone Financial Statements:

Managing Director

& Legal Head

& Chief Executive Officer

(DIN: 08526143)

Kolkata

Date: 9th May, 2023:

Managing Director

& Legal Head

& Chief Executive Officer

(DIN: 08526143)

Kolkata

Date: 9th May, 2023:

Managing Director

& Legal Head

& Chief Executive Officer

(DIN: 08526143)

Kolkata

Date: 9th May, 2023:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer (appointed w.e.f. 1st January,

2023)

Mr. Arvind Pathak: Managing

Director's Sitting Fees

0.78

0.70:

Managing Director

& Legal Head

& Chief Executive Officer

(DIN: 08526143)

Kolkata

Date: 9th May, 2023

62

The Company had investment in AMP Solar Clean Power Private Limited ('AMP') by way of purchase of 2,54,946 fully paid up equity shares having

face value of ₹ 10 each, amounting of ₹ 0.25 Crore (7.80% holding in AMP) and in 22,945 compulsorily convertible debentures having face value of

₹ 1000 each, amounting of ₹ 2.29 Crores under Share Purchase, Subscription and Shareholders Agreement. Further, the Company had entered into

a long-term power purchase agreement (‘PPA’) with the AMP which is engaged in the business of generating and sale of solar power. The PPA has a

lock-in period of 15 years wherein the Company (alongwith the subsidiary company) is required to purchase the entire contracted power capacity

from the said plant.

The investment in equity shares in AMP together with the Subsidiary Company is 26%. Considering the substance of the transactions, in the opinion

of the management, it was not considered as a related party under Ind AS 24/28. Accordingly, the investment in equity shares and compulsorily

convertible debentures was recognized at amortised cost under “Deposits” at ₹ 0.43 Crore as per the provision of Ind AS 109 and the difference

between amortised cost and investment value of ₹ 2.11 Crores was considered for valuation of “Right of Use Assets- Plant and Machinery".

Taking into consideration the terms and conditions of PPA, it was considered that the arrangement in respect of long term power purchase

agreement satisfies all the conditions of the lease as per IND AS 116. Consequently, Right of Use Assets and Lease Liabilities was recognized.

63

Managerial Remuneration paid to two Non-Promoter Wholetime / Managing Directors for the year ended 31st March, 2023, exceeded the

permissible limits as prescribed under section 197 read with Schedule – V of the Companies Act, 2013 by ₹ 1.53 Crores. The Company is in the

process of obtaining necessary approval from its shareholders at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting for such excess remuneration paid or

provided.

64

The Code on Social Security, 2020 which received the President’s assent on 28th September 2020 subsumes nine laws relating to Social security,

retirement and employee benefits, including the Provident Fund and Gratuity. The effective date of the Code and rules thereunder are yet to be

notified. The impact of the changes, if any, will be assessed and recognized post notification of the relevant provisions.

65

Previous year figures have been regrouped/ rearranged/ reclassified wherever necessary. Further, there are no material regroupings/ reclassifications

during the year.:

Managing Director

& Legal Head

& Chief Executive Officer

(DIN: 08526143)

Kolkata

Date: 9th May, 2023:

Managing Director

& Legal Head

& Chief Executive Officer

(DIN: 08526143)

Kolkata

Date: 9th May, 2023:

Managing Director

& Legal Head

& Chief Executive Officer

(DIN: 08526143)

Kolkata

Date: 9th May, 2023:

Managing Director

& Legal Head

& Chief Executive Officer

(DIN: 08526143)

Kolkata

Date: 9th May, 2023:

Managing Director

& Legal Head

& Chief Executive Officer

(DIN: 08526143)

Kolkata

Date: 9th May, 2023:

letter of intent already has been granted by the State, matter is sub judice. On the basis of internal assessment and supported by the legal advice, the Group

is hopeful of favourable order and hence no provision for impairment is considered necessary at this stage.

6.6

Title deed for freehold land amounting to ₹ 11.89 Crores (Previous year ₹ 11.89 Crores), although in the name of Group, is in dispute and is pending resolution before

the Court of Civil Judge, Rajgurunagar (Khed) and Additional Division Commissioner, Pune.

6.7

No proceedings have been initiated or are pending against the Group for holding any benami property under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of

1988) and rules made thereunder.

6.8

The Group has capitalised during the year with the Property, Plant and Equipment amounts to ₹ 3.31 Crores (Previous Year capitalised ₹ 2.09 Crores) on account of

foreign exchange differences pursuant to using the optional exemption available under Para D13AA of Ind AS 101 "First Time Adoption" for continuing with the policy

adopted for accounting for exchange difference on the Long Term Foreign Exchange Monetary Items recognized under previous GAAP as described in note no. 30.1

to the consolidated financial statement.

6.9

Other Adjustments includes:

- Finance costs capitalised by the Group during the year on the qualifying assets as required by IND AS 23 Borrowing Costs amounting to ₹ 18.85 Crores (Previous Year

₹ 83.57 Crores), (Refer Note No. 35).

- Trial Run stock of ₹ 44.91 Crores generated due to commencement of Greenfield Integrated Cement Plant by RCCPL Private Limited, wholly owned subsidiary of the

Company at Mukutban (Maharashtra).

6.10 Right of Use Assets includes:

(` in Crores):

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer (appointed w.e.f. 1st

January, 2023)

Mr. Arvind Pathak: Managing

Director's Sitting Fees

0.95

0.85:

Managing Director

& Legal Head

& Chief Executive Officer

(DIN: 08526143)

Kolkata

Date: 9th May, 2023:

Managing Director &

Chief Execubve Officer of the Company for the period from 1st December, 2022 111131 st March. 2023 (Special Resolullon).

06.

Ratification of Remunerabon of the Cost Auditors of the Company (Ordina.: qesotu!Jon)

07

Approval of fees for seM ce of any document(s) to the Member(s) requested through a particular modt> (Ordinary Resolullon).

Signed this . .. .. .. . . . . . . .. .. . .... .. . .. ... .. day of ................................... 2023

Affix

Revenue

Stamp

Signature of Shareholder(s) ............................................... . .. . .

Signature of Proxyholder(s) .......................................................... .... ....... ... . .................... .... ..

Notes:

(1) This form of proxy in order to be effective should be duly completed and deposited at the Registered Office of the

Company not less than 48 hours before the commencement of the meeting.

(2) For the Resolutions, Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Notes. please refer to the Notice of

the 103rdAnnual General Meeting.

(3) Please complete all details including details of member (s) In the above box before submission.

...

-

. ...:

