letter dated May 15, 2023 about the 61st Annual General Meeting (‘AGM’) of the

Company, which will be held on Thursday, July 27, 2023 at 3.30 P.M. (IST) through Video

Conferencing/ Other Audio-Visual Means.

Pursuant to Regulation 34(1) of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we enclose the Integrated Annual Report for the

Financial Year 2022-23, including the Notice of the 61st AGM (‘Annual Report’) for your kind reference

and record.

The Annual Report has been sent through electronic mode today, i.e., July 5, 2023, to all the members

whose email address is registered with the Depository Participants/ Company’s Registrars and Share

Transfer Agent, i.e., KFin Technologies Limited.

The Annual Report is also available on the website of the Company, i.e., www.coromandel.biz.

We are also furnishing below the AGM related information for ready reference:

Time and Date of AGM

03:30 p.m. IST, Thursday, July 27, 2023

Cut-off Date for e-Voting

Thursday, July 20, 2023

Book Closure Dates for AGM and Dividend

Saturday July 15, 2023 to Thursday, July 27, 2023

E-voting start time and date

9:00 a.m. IST; Sunday, July 23, 2023

E-voting end time and date

5:00 p.m. IST; Wednesday, July 26, 2023

We request you to take this on record.

Thanking you.

Yours sincerely,

For Coromandel International Limited

Rajesh Mukhija

Sr. Vice President – Legal &

Company Secretary

Enclosure: As above

Ref. No.: 2023-24/35

July 5, 2023

National Stock Exchange of India Limited

Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,

Bandra-Kurla Complex,

Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051

Scrip Code: COROMANDEL

BSE Limited,

Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,

Dalal Street,

Mumbai 400 001.

Scrip Code: 506395

Rajesh

Mukhija

Digitally signed

by Rajesh

Mukhija

Date: 2023.07.05

17:38:52 +05'30':

Chairman's Message: Dear Shareholders,

The past year 2022-23 was yet another year of joy for

the Indian agriculture sector with favourable agroclimatic

conditions, timely availability of agri inputs and improved

crop realizations leading to high kharif and rabi crop sowings.

The total food grain production for India is estimated to

be at a record 323 million tonnes, affirming the positive

sentiments that prevailed throughout the year. The Indian

Agri story of 2023 was also emphasized through the United

Nations’ declaration of 2023 as the International Year of

Millets, emphasizing the potential role of millets and Indian

agriculture in strengthening the global food sustainability

goals.

Promising growth of Indian economy and

policy push to strengthen Indian agriculture

India’s economy has seen significant rebound from the

pandemic era and continues to exhibit strong growth

momentum. India’s GDP growth as per World Bank

estimates is expected to be upwards of 6.9% during

FY2023 supported by an uptick in private consumption and

government capital expenditure. During the course of the

year, calibrated rate hikes by RBI and moderating global

commodity prices towards latter half of the financial year

have seen inflation correction towards acceptable levels.

With resilient domestic demand and capital investment,

strengthening corporate and banking balance sheets, World

Bank projects India’s GDP to grow at 6.3% in FY2024.

On the policy front, Direct Income Support schemes from

Centre and various state governments continued to improve

liquidity at the farmers level. PM-Kisan and PM-Garib Kalyan

Yojana have been endorsed by United Nations Development

Programme for their positive impact in ensuring India’s food

security goals are met.

To strengthen farm advisory services and drive integrated

nutrient management practices, Coromandel is providing

agri-inputs and services including soil testing and farm

mechanization services. Presently, ~40,000 centers are

operational and Coromandel has supported in establishing

~7,000 PMKSKs.

As we look ahead, while a potential disruption in Indian

agriculture was predicted due to an emerging scenario of El

Nino, latest updates from IMD offer solace. While it remains

uncertain, there is still a likelihood of India receiving

normal monsoon rains in 2023. This, coupled with good

reservoir levels and an increased availability of agri inputs

should augur well for the Indian agriculture sector in

2023-24.

Agri inputs industry in 2022-23 exhibited

resilience in the face of challenging

externalities

On the global front, agri-inputs sector was impacted by

the geopolitical uncertainty in the Baltic region. Sudden

export sanctions on Russia and Belarus, which together

account for 41% of globally traded potash and 25% of

nitrogenous fertilisers, resulted in significant volatility in

global markets. Export restrictions from China added to the

supply pressures on an already reduced global availability.

Further, natural gas and ammonia markets contributed to

record high raw material costs for fertiliser manufacturers.

The threat of reduced global supply led to a rapid increase

in fertiliser prices, peaking to a record level in May / June

2022 coinciding with the typical seasonal upswing in

fertiliser demand.

Forging New Paths, Fortifying Future

Integrated Report FY 2022-23

Coromandel International Limited

18

19

Dear Shareholders,

The year 2022-23 was a year of confluence of several

positives for Coromandel. The company has started to

witness favourable results on the basis of several internal

efforts of the recent past and a complimentary agri

environment helped maximise outcomes.

The year gone by: Despite headwinds,

sustained improvement initiatives and

growth focus helping propel Coromandel

The performance of Coromandel has over time been

strongly aligned with the mood of the agrarian economy

in our country. The past few years, including FY 2022-

23 saw rapid strides in agriculture becoming a point of

strength for India and a sector of several opportunities. To

put this in perspective, over the last six years, agriculture

sector in India has grown at average annual growth rate of

4.6%, one of the highest ever growth phases for the sector,

supported by reformative policy measures to augment

productivity, ensuring price support for farmers, structured

crop diversification initiatives and investment boost in

infrastructure facilities. The country recorded a better than

average rainfall during the year, with a major part of the

country experiencing above normal southwest monsoon. The

total foodgrain production in the country is also estimated

to be at a record 323 million MT. The sector is projected

to grow further, with ~USD 50 billion worth of agri and

livestock produce export in the current year.

On the macro front, an evident shift of supply chains by global

players towards South Asian countries is benefitting India as

well. To improve its manufacturing competitiveness, Indian

Government has introduced schemes like PM GatiShakti

and National Logistics Policy, while Production-Linked

Incentives have been extended to multiple manufacturing

sectors.

External headwinds in the form of heightened commodity

prices,

unseasonal

rainfall,

pockets

of

heatwaves,

regulatory restrictions on usage of chemical inputs in export

geographies posed challenges for the businesses. However,

the company was well prepared to handle these and several

interventions on the sourcing, manufacturing and market

collections front helped mitigate the challenges.

During the year, Coromandel endorsed its growth ambitions

and consolidation of core business initiatives through

a structured roll out of focused programs across the

company. Setting up of a dedicated program championed

by the Growth office in Chennai to identify opportunities for

capital deployment towards growth was undertaken across

core, adjacencies and step out opportunities. Structured

programs with clear mandates towards implementation of

sourcing optimisation, manufacturing efficiencies, IT and

digital infra upgradation, analytics platform build, and

market development were also undertaken during the year

gone by.

Progressive actions and a robust set of internal programs

have helped Coromandel achieve strong financial results for

the year gone by. During the year, Coromandel registered

revenue growth of 55% driven by both nutrient and crop

protection businesses to reach INR 29,628 crores, EBITDA

grew by 35% to reach INR 2,902 crores, and net profit

improved by 32% to reach INR 2,013 crores for the year.

Nutrients business delivered a strong

performance

Coromandel’s Nutrients segment registered its highest ever

turnover during the year, growing by 63% to INR 27,162

crores. The business achieved record sales volume in

phosphatic fertilisers. Coromandel continued to focus on

advocating balanced nutrition approach to the farmers.

The company’s new 1,650 MT per day sulphuric acid plant

commissioning is on track and likely to be completed by H1

of FY2024. With this, company plans to add 5 lakh MT of

Sulphuric acid per annum, thereby resulting in a cumulative

inhouse capacity of 11 lakh MT per annum. The investment

Forging New Paths, Fortifying Future

Integrated Report FY 2022-23

Coromandel International Limited

20

21:

Managing Director in November 2019. He held this

position until February 14, 2021, prior to joining Coromandel International

Limited. He holds directorship in various other companies such as Lakshmi

Machine Works Limited and Thirumalai Chemicals Limited.

Mr. Alagappan is acknowledged as a thought leader in the Bicycle Industry

and the NBFC Industry.

Mr. A. Vellayan

Chairman

Mr. Arun Alagappan

Executive Vice Chairman

4 GRI 2-9

Forging New Paths, Fortifying Future

Integrated Report FY 2022-23

Coromandel International Limited

38

39:

Managing Director. He also served as Chief Operating Officer

at Ramco Cements.

Mr. Sumit Bose is an Independent Director of the Company. He holds a

Master’s Degree in Social Policy and Planning from the London School of

Economics and a Master of Arts from St. Stephen’s College, Delhi.

Having joined the Indian Administrative Service in 1976, Mr. Bose served in

various positions in the Government of Madhya Pradesh and the Government

of India before retiring as the Union Finance Secretary, Government of India.

In the Finance Ministry he served as Secretary (Department of Revenue),

Secretary (Expenditure) and Secretary (Disinvestment) as well as Secretary

in the Thirteenth Finance Commission. Mr. Bose is currently on the boards

of HDFC Pension Management Company Limited, HDFC Life Insurance

Company Limited, TATA AIG General Insurance Company Limited, JM

Financial Limited, J B Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Limited and other

companies. He also serves on the Boards of non-profit organisations such as

Vidhi Centre for Legal Policy, Water Aid India, Parivaar and Foundation to

Educate Girls Globally.

Mr. Sankarasubramanian S

Executive Director –

Nutrient Business

Mr. M M Venkatachalam

Director

Dr. Raghuram Devarakonda

Executive Director – Crop Protection,

Bio Products and Retail Business

Mr. Sumit Bose

Independent Director

Forging New Paths, Fortifying Future

Integrated Report FY 2022-23

Coromandel International Limited

40

41:

Managing Director of TVS Motor Company Limited (TVS

Motor), Non-Executive Director in Sundaram-Clayton Ltd and Chairman of TVS

Credit Services Ltd. With Mr. Venu’s active intervention, TVS Motor has already seen

a turnaround in its Market Share and has been the Most Awarded Two – Wheeler

Company. It is a testimony to Mr. Venu’s focus, that TVS Motor has been voted No. 1

in Customer Satisfaction for four years in a row by the prestigious J. D. Power Awards.

He also has been instrumental in setting up and in the success of Emerald Haven

Realty Ltd, TVS Credit Services – a non-deposit Non-Banking Finance Company and

TVS Digital, a subsidiary of TVS Motor incorporated in Singapore, focused on providing

technology solutions for digital transformation.

Mr. Venu has now set his vision of transforming TVS Motor into a leading global mobility

player. To this effect, he has set in motion global expansion through both organic &

inorganic means. Under his leadership, TVS acquired UK’s iconic motorcycle brand

Norton Motorcycles and has also setup a completely new manufacturing facility in UK.

He is also looking to build a strategic personal e-mobility ecosystem by scaling unique

brands, and recently led TVS to acquire European e-bike brand EGO Movement and

Switzerland’s largest e-bike company, Swiss E-Mobility Group. Sudarshan has also

played a pivotal role in TVS Motor Company’s growth in Africa, ASEAN & Latam.

Mr. K. V. Parameshwar

Independent Director

Mr. Sudarshan Venu

Independent Director

Forging New Paths, Fortifying Future

Integrated Report FY 2022-23

Coromandel International Limited

42

43:

Managing Director (Upto January 31, 2023)

Sankarasubramanian S. (DIN 01592772)

Executive Director – Nutrient Business

(Effective February 1, 2023)

Sudarshan Venu (DIN 03601690)

lndependent Director

Sumit Bose (DIN 03340616)

lndependent Director

Management Team

Amir Alvi

Executive Vice President & Head Manufacturing

(Fertilisers)

Dr. Amit Rastogi

Executive Vice President – Technology

Arun Leslie George

President & Chief Human Resources Officer

(Effective June 1, 2023)

Arun Vellayan

Head of CSPD and Investment Committee

Avinash Thakur

Sr. Associate Vice President & Head of SND & Organic

Business

Babu G.

Vice President & Head Retail Business

(Effective June 1, 2023)

Jayashree Satagopan

President - Corporate & Chief Financial Officer

Madhab Adhikari

Vice President & Head – Marketing (Fertiliser & SSP)

Narayanan Vellayan

Sr. Vice President & Head-Strategic Sourcing

Dr. Pradeep Kumar K

Executive Vice President & Head-HR (Upto May 31, 2023)

Sanjay Sinha

Executive Vice President & CIO - IT

Srinivasan K B

Vice President & Business Head - Bio Products

Venkatesh Sampath

Vice President & Head Operations-CPC

Venkateswaran TS

Vice President & Head – Internal Audit & Chief Risk

Officer

Forging New Paths, Fortifying Future

Integrated Report FY 2022-23

Coromandel International Limited

112

113:

Letter, etc., pursuant to

Section 113 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”),

together with attested specimen signature(s) of the duly

authorised representative(s), to the Scrutiniser through

email ID: rsaevoting@gmail.com with a copy marked to

evoting@kfintech.com. The file name of the scanned

copy of the above-mentioned documents should be

named as “Coromandel – 61st AGM”.

5.

Pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Act, an Explanatory

Statement in respect of the Special Business to be

transacted at the AGM is annexed hereto.

6.

As required by Regulation 36 of SEBI (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015

(“Listing Regulations”) and Secretarial Standard-2 on

General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company

Secretaries of India, the relevant details of Mr. M.

M. Venkatachalam, Director seeking re-appointment

at this AGM are provided as annexure to the Notice

and in the Report on Corporate Governance, forming

part of the Annual Report. The relevant details of

Mr. Aditya Himatsingka and Mr. Adnan Wajhat Ahmed,

to be appointed as Independent Directors with effect

from October 1, 2023 are provided in the respective

Explanatory Statement.

7.

Book Closure: The Register of Members and the Share

Transfer Books of the Company will remain closed from

Saturday, July 15, 2023 to Thursday, July 27, 2023

(both days inclusive).

8.

The Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel

and their shareholding maintained under Section 170

of the Act, the Register of Contracts or Arrangements

in which the Directors are interested under Section

189 of the Act and all other documents referred in

the Notice will be available for inspection in electronic

mode. Members can send an email for the purpose to

investorsgrievance@coromandel.murugappa.com.

9.

Unclaimed/Unpaid Dividend: Pursuant to the provisions

of Section 124 of the Act, the amounts of dividend

declared and remaining unpaid/unclaimed pertaining to

the financial year 2013-14, have been transferred to the

Investors Education and Protection Fund Authority (IEPF

Authority). Details of unpaid/ unclaimed dividends lying

with the Company as on March 31, 2023 are available

on the website of the Company at www.coromandel. biz/

investors/dividend and the Ministry of Corporate Affairs at

www.iepf.gov.in. Members are requested to contact KFin

Technologies Limited Unit: Coromandel International

Limited, Selenium Tower B, Plot 31-32, Financial

District, Nanakramguda, Gachibowli, Serilingampally

Mandal, Hyderabad – 500 032, Telangana, the Registrar

and Share Transfer Agents (“RTA/ KFintech”) of the

Company, to claim the unclaimed /unpaid dividends.

10. Compulsory transfer of Equity Shares to IEPF Authority:

As per Section 124(5) of the Act, read with Investor

Education and Protection Fund Authority (Accounting,

Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2017 (IEPF Rules)

Forging New Paths, Fortifying Future

Integrated Report FY 2022-23

Coromandel International Limited

144

145:

Letter. Upon receipt of Entitlement: Letter,

Members / claimants shall have to file an application with

IEPF Authority in webform IEPF 5 (available on www.

iepf.gov.in). The Member / claimant can file only one

consolidated claim in a Financial Year as per the IEPF

Rules.

11. Final Dividend: The final dividend of Rs. 6/- per share

(representing 600 % on face value of equity share of

Re.1/- per share), as recommended by the Board of

Letter etc., together

with attested specimen signature(s) of

the duly authorised representative(s),

to the Scrutiniser through email ID:

rsaevoting@gmail.com with a copy

marked to evoting@kfintech.com. The

scanned image of the above-mentioned

documents should be in the naming

format “Coromandel – 61st AGM”.

B.

In case whose email address is not registered

with the Company / Depository Participants.

kindly follow the instruction in Note No. 14 &

16 to the Notice.

Any Member who has forgotten the User ID

and Password, may obtain/ generate/retrieve

the same from KFintech in the manner as

mentioned below:

i.

If the mobile number of the Member is

registered against Folio No./DP ID Client

ID, the Member may send SMS:

MYEPWD E-Voting Event Number + Folio

No. or DP ID Client ID to 9212993399.

1.

Example for NSDL: MYEPWD

XXXXIN12345612345678

2.

Example for CDSL: MYEPWD

XXXX1402345612345678

3.

Example for Physical: MYEPWD

XXXX1234567890

ii.

If e-mail address and mobile number of

the Member is registered against Folio

Forging New Paths, Fortifying Future

Integrated Report FY 2022-23

Coromandel International Limited

150

151:

Managing Director. Adnan was appointed is the Adjunct

Professor, Dept of Specialty Chemicals, Institute of Chemical

Technology, Mumbai in 2022.

Mr. Ahmad was a Member of the Confederation of Indian

Industry’s (CII) National Committee on Chemicals &

Petrochemicals as well as the Committee on Multi- National

Corporations. He was also the Chairman of the Sub-Committee

on Biocides for CII’s C&PC committee. Mr. Ahmad was also a

Member of the Executive Committee at the Indian Chemical

Council (ICC) from 2017 till 2021.

Subject to approval of the Members, Mr. Adnan Wajhat

Ahmed was appointed as Additional Director, designated as

“Non-Executive Independent Director”, of the Company with

effect from October 1, 2023 and shall hold office for a term of

five (5) consecutive years from October 1, 2023 to September

30, 2028, not being liable to retire by rotation. He shall be

entitled to sitting fees for attending meetings of the Board and

its Committee(s), and commission as approved.

Dr. Adnan Wajhat Ahmed ceased to be the: Managing Director

of a listed entity i.e. Heubach Colorants India Limited in the

past three years.

Details of the Directorships / Memberships of Committees, as

held by Mr. Adnan Wajhat Ahmed, are given below:

Name of the Company

managing director and whole-time directors,

as may be determined under the terms of ESOP 2023.

After vesting of Options, the eligible employees shall have

a right, but not obligation, to exercise the vested Options

within the exercise period and obtain Equity Shares of

the Company subject to payment of exercise price and

satisfaction of any tax obligation arising thereon.

The Committee shall supervise the Scheme. All questions

of interpretation of the Scheme shall be determined by

the Committee and such determination shall be final

and binding upon all persons having an interest in the

Scheme. Whereas the Trust shall administer the Scheme.

The Scheme shall be deemed to have come into force

on the date of receipt of shareholders’ approval. It shall

continue in effect till all the Options granted under the

Plan are exercised or have been extinguished or unless

the Scheme is terminated in accordance with the

regulations.

b)

Total number of options to be granted:

The total number of Options to be granted under the

ESOP 2023 shall not exceed 58,80,900 (Fifty Eight

Lakhs Eighty Thousand Nine Hundred only). Each Option

when exercised would be converted into one Equity Share

of Re. 1/- each fully paid-up. The source of equity shares

shall be from secondary acquisition through the Trust up

to 58,80,900 (Fifty Eight Lakhs Eighty Thousand Nine

Hundred only).

Vested options that lapse due to non-exercise or

unvested options that get cancelled due to resignation of

the employees or otherwise, would be available for being

re-granted at a future date. SBEB Regulations require

that in case of any corporate action(s) such as rights

issues, bonus issues, split, merger and sale of division

and others, a fair and reasonable adjustment needs

to be made to the options granted. Accordingly, the

abovementioned limit of maximum number of Options to

be granted under the Scheme shall automatically include

within its ambit, such expansion or reduction as taken

place on account of corporate action(s) including issue

of bonus shares, split, rights issue, buy-back or scheme

of arrangement.

c)

Identification of Employees entitled to participate in

ESOP 2023:

Following classes of employees are eligible being:

a)

an employee as designated by the Company, who

is exclusively working in India or outside India; or

b)

a Director of the Company, whether a whole-time

director or not, including a non-executive director

who is not a Promoter or member of the Promoter

Group; or

c)

an employee as defined in sub-clauses (a) or (b), of

a Group Company including Subsidiary Company or

its Associate Company, in India or outside India or

of a Holding Company of the Company;

but does not include

i.

an employee who is a Promoter or belongs to

the Promoter Group; or

ii.

a Director who either by himself or through

his relatives or through anybody corporate,

directly or indirectly holds more than 10%

of the issued and subscribed Shares of the

Company; or

i

ii.

an Independent Director.

d)

Requirements of vesting, period of vesting

All the options granted on any date shall vest not earlier

than 1 (one) year and not later than a maximum of 4

(Four) years from the date of grant of options as may be

determined by the Committee.

Options shall vest essentially based on continuation

of employment, and apart from that, the vesting will

be subject to achievement of certain performance

parameters as may be specified by the Committee. A

Grantee who has tendered his/her resignation and is

serving the notice period after resignation, such notice

period shall not be considered for Vesting and all the

Unvested Options as on date of resignation shall be

cancelled forthwith.

In the event of death or permanent incapacity of an

Employee, the minimum vesting period shall not be

applicable and in such instances, all the unvested

Options shall vest with effect from date of the death or

permanent incapacity.

In case of retirement, all the unvested Options as

on the date of Retirement would continue to Vest in

accordance with the original vesting schedules even

after the Retirement unless otherwise determined by the

Committee in accordance with the Company’s Policies

and provisions of the then prevailing applicable laws.

e)

Maximum period within which options shall be vested:

All the options granted on any date shall vest not later

than a maximum of 4 (Four) years from the date of grant

of Options as may be determined by the Committee.

f)

Exercise Price or Pricing formula:

The exercise price per Option shall be the latest available

closing market price of the Share of the Company prior to

the date of grant. However, the exercise price per Option

shall not be less than the face value of the Share of the

Company.

Market price for this purpose shall mean the latest

available closing price of equity shares on the stock

exchange having higher trading volume on the date

immediately preceding the grant date.

g)

Exercise Period and the process of Exercise:

The exercise period would commence from the date of

vesting and will expire on completion of 5 (five) years

from the date of respective vesting or such other shorter

period as may be decided by the Committee from time

to time. The vested Options shall be exercisable by the

Employees by a written application to the Company

expressing their desire to exercise such Options in such

manner and on such format as may be prescribed by

the Committee from time to time. The employees can

exercise all or part of the vested Options within the

exercise period. The Options shall lapse if not exercised

within the specified exercise period.

h)

Appraisal Process for determining the eligibility of the

employees to ESOP 2023

The appraisal process for determining the eligibility of

the employees shall be decided from time to time by the

Committee. The broad criteria for appraisal and selection

may include parameters like tenure of association with

the Company, performance during the previous years,

contribution towards strategic growth, contribution

to team building and succession, cross-functional

relationship, corporate governance, etc.

i)

Maximum number of options to be issued per

Employee and in aggregate:

The maximum number of options that may be granted

to each Employee shall vary depending upon the grade,

which however shall not exceed 2,01,000 (Two Lakhs

One Thousand Only) Options per eligible employee. The

total number of Options that may be granted to the

eligible Employee per grant and in aggregate under the

ESOP 2023 shall not exceed 2,01,000 (Two Lakhs One

Thousand Only) Options.

j)

Maximum quantum of benefits to be provided per

Employee under the ESOP 2023:

The maximum quantum of benefits that will be provided

to any eligible Employee under the Scheme will be the

difference between the market value of Company’s

Shares on the stock exchanges as on the date of exercise

of Options and the exercise price paid by the employee.

Apart from grant of Options as stated above, no other

benefits are contemplated under the Plan.

k)

Implementation and administration of ESOP 2023

The ESOP 2023 shall be implemented and administered

by the Trust of the Company.

l)

Secondary acquisition of Shares by the Trust

The Scheme contemplates acquisition of Shares

not exceeding 58,80,900 (Fifty Eight Lakhs Eighty

Thousand Nine Hundred only) from the secondary

acquisition through the Trust.

m) Loan to be provided by the Company to the Trust

implementation of ESOP 2023 and relevant

particulars thereof

The Company will provide loan to the Trust in one or

more tranches for purchase shares of the Company by

the Trust from secondary market. The tenure of the loan,

repayment schedule and other terms of the loan shall be

finalized by the Board, considering the relevant factors.

The funds so procured by the Trust will be utilized by

the Trust, exclusively for acquisition of shares of the

Company from the secondary market.

n)

Maximum percentage of secondary acquisition (subject

to limits specified under the regulations) that can be

made by the trust for the purposes of the scheme(s)

Secondary acquisition of shares of the Company by the

Trust shall be subject to the following requirements:

(i)

Secondary acquisition in a financial year by the

Trust shall not exceed two per cent of the paid-up

equity capital of the Company as at the end of the

previous financial year; and

Forging New Paths, Fortifying Future

Integrated Report FY 2022-23

Coromandel International Limited

158

159:

Managing Director / Executive Directors are facilitated

for the new appointee to familiarise him/ her about the

Company, its businesses and the practices and policies

of the Group.

As part of the familiarization programme, a handbook

is provided to all the Directors including Independent

Directors at the time of their appointment. The

handbook provides a snapshot to the Directors of their

duties and responsibilities, rights, appointment process

and evaluation, compensation, board procedure, and

stakeholders' expectations. The handbook also provides

the Directors with an insight into the Group's practices.

Further, periodic emails are sent to all the Directors

covering events that may have an impact on the

business of the Company and/ or the agriculture sector

in general and fertiliser and crop protection industries, in

particular. The details of the familiarization programme

are also disclosed on the Company's website at https://

www.coromandel.biz/investors/policies/

v.

Remuneration Policy

On the recommendation of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee, the Board has framed a

policy for selection and appointment of Directors, Senior

Management and their remuneration. Salient features

of the Remuneration Policy are set out in the Corporate

Governance Report. The Remuneration Policy is available

on the Company's website at https://www.coromandel.

biz/investors/policies/55

vi. Evaluation of the Board's performance, its

Committees and Directors

In accordance with the provisions of Section 134 of the

Act and Regulation 17 of the Listing Regulations, the

Board has carried out evaluation of its own performance,

performance of Committees of the Board, namely,

Audit Committee, Corporate Social Responsibility and

Sustainability Committee, Risk Management Committee,

Stakeholders Relationship Committee, and Nomination

and Remuneration Committee, and also the Directors

individually. The manner of evaluation of performance

and the process adopted for the purpose are explained

in the Corporate Governance Report.

55RI 2-10

Forging New Paths, Fortifying Future

Integrated Report FY 2022-23

Coromandel International Limited

170

171:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to

express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records as per the Auditing Standards (CSAS-1 to CSAS-4) and Guidance

Notes on ICSI Auditing Standards and Guidance Note on Secretarial Audit issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries

of India. The verification was done to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the

processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the company as

well as correctness of the values and figures reported in various disclosures and returns as required to be filed by the

Company under the specified laws.

4.

Where ever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

5.

It is the responsibility of the management of the company to devise proper systems to ensure compliance with the

provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards and to ensure that the systems are

adequate and operate effectively. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

We further report that as per the information and explanation

provided by the Management, the Company does not

have any Material Unlisted Subsidiary(ies) Incorporated in

India pursuant to Regulation 16 (c) and 24A of the Listing

Regulations during the year under review.

We further report that during the audit period, the Company

had

1.

obtained approval from the Board of Directors at their

meeting held on 28th April, 2022 and 21st July, 2022

for investment in the equity capital of its wholly owned

subsidiary, Dare Ventures Limited, by way of subscription

of equity shares for an amount not exceeding Rs. 25

Crores and 16.10 Crores respectively.

2.

obtained the order dated 26th April, 2022 from Hon’ble

National Company Law Tribunal, Hyderabad (NCLT)

for sanction of the Scheme of amalgamation of its

wholly owned subsidiaries viz. (a) Liberty Pesticides

and Fertilizers Limited and (b) Coromandel SQM (India)

Private Limited.

3.

obtained approval from the Board and Chamber of

Commerce, Netherlands for voluntary liquidation of

Sabero Europe B.V., a wholly owned foreign subsidiary

with effect from 25th May, 2022.

4.

redeemed Commercial Paper (10000 units) amounting

to Rs. 500 Crores on 8th September, 2022.

5.

obtained approval from the Board of Directors at their

meeting held on 3rd November, 2022 for formation of a

wholly owned subsidiary under the name of “Coromandel

Technology Limited”.

For R.SRIDHARAN & ASSOCIATES

COMPANY SECRETARIES

CS R.SRIDHARAN

CP No. 3239

FCS No. 4775

PR NO.657/2020

Place: Chennai

UIN : S2003TN063400

Date: 15th May, 2023

UDIN: F004775E000289334

This report is to be read with our: letter of even date which is annexed as ANNEXURE -A and forms an integral part of this report.

Forging New Paths, Fortifying Future

Integrated Report FY 2022-23

Coromandel International Limited

180

181

letter of appointment, and the terms and

conditions of their appointment have also been disclosed

on the website of the Company. The Independent

Directors have given declarations to the Company about

their independence to enable the Board for determining

its composition as envisaged in Regulation 17 of the

Listing Regulations and further confirming compliance

as per Section 149 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the

‘Act’), read with the Rules made thereunder. The Non-

Executive Directors bring independent judgment in

the Board’s deliberations and decisions. All material

information is circulated to the Directors, including the

information that is required to be made available to

the Directors under Part A of Schedule II of the Listing

Regulations.

iii.

Seven (7) Board meetings were held during the year

and the maximum gap between any of two consecutive

meetings was not more than 120 days. The dates on

which the meetings were held are as follows:

Date of Board

meeting

Board Strength

No. of Directors

present

April 28, 2022

9

8

May 6, 2022

9

9

July 27, 2022

9

9

September 6, 2022

9

8

November 3, 2022

9

9

February 2, 2023

11

11

March 22, 2023

11

11

Directors’ Responsibility Statement

Annexure C to Board’s Report

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 134(3)(c) and 134(5) of the Companies Act, 2013, the Board of Directors of Coromandel

International Limited make the following statements, to the best of their knowledge and belief and according to the information

and explanations obtained by them;

1)

That in the preparation of the annual financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2023, the applicable accounting

standards have been followed and there have been no material departures there from.

2)

That the accounting policies mentioned in Note 3 of the Notes to the Standalone Financials Statements have been

selected and applied consistently and judgments and estimates have been made that are reasonable and prudent so as

to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company as at March 31, 2023 and of the profits of the Company

for the year ended on that date.

3)

That proper and sufficient care has been taken for the maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with

the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 for safeguarding the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting

fraud and other irregularities.

4)

That the annual financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis.

5)

That proper internal financial controls have been laid down to be followed by the Company and such internal financial

controls are adequate and operating effectively and

6)

That proper systems are in place to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws and such systems are

adequate and operating effectively.

On behalf of the Board of Directors

Place: Chennai

A Vellayan

Date :May 15, 2023

Chairman

Forging New Paths, Fortifying Future

Integrated Report FY 2022-23

Coromandel International Limited

182

183:

Managing director of the Company with effect from close of business hours on

January 31, 2023, on completion of his term as: Managing

Managing Director with effect from

the close of the business hours on January 31, 2023.

The performance evaluation of the Independent

Directors was carried out by the entire Board. During

such evaluation, the Director whose performance

was evaluated was not present at the meeting. The

performance evaluation of the Chairman and the

Non-Independent Directors was carried out by the

Independent Directors.

x.

None of the Executive Directors of the Company have

served or serve as Independent Director in more than

three listed companies. None of the Independent

Directors of the Company served or serve as Independent

Director in more than seven listed companies. None of

the Directors of the Company was a member of more

than ten public companies, ten board level committees

or a chairman of more than five such committees across

all companies, in which he/she was a director.

xi.

The Company has received the requisite declarations

from its Independent Directors confirming that they

meet the criteria of independence prescribed both under

the Act and the Listing Regulations. The Board at its

meeting held on May 15, 2023, has taken on record the

declarations received from the Independent Directors. In

the opinion of the Board, the Independent Directors of

the Company fulfil the conditions specified in the Listing

Regulations and are independent of the Management.

xii. The Board of Directors has laid down a ‘Code of

Conduct’ (Code) for all the Board Members and the

senior management personnel of the Company and this

Code is posted on the Website of the Company. Annual

declaration is obtained from every person covered by the

Code. In terms of Schedule V to the Listing Regulations,

a declaration signed by Executive Directors is enclosed

to this report as Annexure D(i).

xiii. A certificate from M/s. R Sridharan & Associates,

practicing company secretaries certifying that none

of the directors on the Board of the company has

been debarred or disqualified from being appointed

or continuing as directors of companies by the Board/

Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such statutory

authority and certificate is annexed to this report as

Annexure D(ii).

xiv. As per the provisions of Section 152 of the Act, Mr. M

M Venkatachalam, Director, retires by rotation at the

ensuing Annual General Meeting, and being eligible,

offers himself for re-appointment. His brief profile

along with the additional information required as

per Regulation 36(3) of the Listing Regulations and

Secretarial Standards - 2 is given as annexure to the

notice of Annual General Meeting.

3. Audit Committee

i.

The terms of reference of the Audit Committee are in

accordance with and covers all the matters specified

under Section 177 of the Act and Regulation 18 of the

Listing Regulations read with Part C of Schedule II of

the Listing Regulations and, inter-alia, include:

• Overseeing the financial reporting process and

disclosure of financial information.

• Recommending the appointment / re-appointment of

statutory auditors and fixation of audit fee.

• Review of financial statements before submission to

the Board.

• Review of adequacy of internal control system,

findings of internal audit, whistle blower mechanism,

related party transactions, scrutiny of inter corporate

loans & investments.

• Approval and review of related party transactions.

• valuation of assets/undertakings of the Company and

appointment of registered valuers

• Reviewing the compliance of SEBI (Prohibition of

Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015, etc., and

• Reviewing the financial statements of unlisted

subsidiary companies and, in particular, the

investments made by them.

ii.

The Audit Committee had four (4) directors as of March

31, 2023, of which three (3) directors were Independent

Directors. The Company Secretary is the Secretary of

the Committee. The Executive Directors, Chief Financial

Officer, Heads of Business Units, Head – Internal Audit

and Chief Risk Officer, along with the Statutory Auditors

are invitees to the Audit Committee meetings. Cost

Auditors are invited to the meeting as and when required.

iii.

During the year, six (6) meetings of the Committee were

held on April 28, 2022, July 27, 2022, September 06,

2022, November 03, 2022, February 02, 2023, and

March 22, 2023. The maximum time gap between any

of the two consecutive meetings was not more than 120

days. Necessary quorum was present in all the meetings.

The composition of the Audit Committee and details of

attendance of the members during the financial year

2022-23 are given as follows:

Name and Designation

Category

No. of meetings

attended (No. of

meetings held)

Mr. Sumit Bose, Chairman Non-Executive

& Independent

6(6)

Mr. Arun Alagappan,

Member

Executive

6(6)

Ms. Aruna B. Advani,

Member

Non-Executive

& Independent

6(6)

56GRI 2-20

Forging New Paths, Fortifying Future

Integrated Report FY 2022-23

Coromandel International Limited

186

187:

Managing Director with effect

from the close of the business hours on January

31, 2023.

# Mr. Sankarasubramanian S and Dr. Raghuram

Devarakonda were appointed as Members of the

committee with effect from February 02, 2023.

Dr. Deepali Pant Joshi was appointed as Member

of the committee with effect from March 22,

2023.

iv.

Please refer to Annexure F to the Directors Report

for the annual report on CSR activities for the

financial year 2022-23.

8. Banking and Borrowing Committee

The Banking and Borrowing Committee consists of

3 members. Mr. Arun Alagappan is the Chairman,

and the other two members of the Committee are

Mr. Sankarasubramanian S and Dr. Raghuram

Devarakonda who were appointed at the Board Meeting

held on February 2, 2023. During the year, no meeting

of the Banking and Borrowing Committee was held.

Mr. Sameer Goel ceased to be a member on his

superannuation as: Managing Director with effect from

the close of the business hours on January 31, 2023.

9. Remuneration to Directors

i.

Executive Vice

Managing Director

The details of remuneration paid/payable to the

Mr. Sameer Goel,: Managing

Managing Director or

the Chief Executive

Officer

The Company has a separate post of

Chairman. The Chairman is a non-

executive director and is not related

to: Managing

Managing Director, has been

authorised to approve service requests consisting of

equity shares upto 5,000 and all such service requests

consisting of equity shares in excess of 5,000 shares are

required to be approved by Stakeholders Relationship

Committee.

14. Outstanding GDR / ADR / Warrants / Convertible

instruments, Conversion Date and likely impact on

Equity

The Company has not issued any GDR / ADR / Warrants

or any convertible instrument, which is likely to have

impact on the Company's Equity.

15. Commodity price risk or foreign exchange risk

and hedging activities

As the Company is not engaged in commodity business,

commodity risk is not applicable. Foreign Exchange

risk is managed/hedged in accordance with the Policy

framed by the Company for that purpose and periodical

update is given to the Board on a quarterly basis.

16. Credit Ratings

The Company has obtained the credit rating for its fund-

raising programmes from CRISIL Limited (CRISIL) and

India Ratings & Research Private Limited (India Ratings

& Research).

The Company’s long-term credit rating by ‘CRISIL’ has

been revised to ‘CRISIL AAA (Stable)’ and short-term

debt rating reaffirmed to ‘CRISIL A1+’. The Company’s

long-term credit rating by ‘India Ratings & Research (A

Fitch Group Company)’ has been revised to ‘IND AAA

(Stable)’ and short-term debt rating continued at ‘IND

A1+’. This reflects a very high degree of safety regarding

timely servicing of financial obligations and also a vote

of confidence reposed in your Company’s financials.

17. Employee Stock Option Scheme

Employee Stock Option Scheme 2007

The Company had earmarked 1,27,85,976 equity

shares of Re. 1/- each under the Employee Stock Option

Scheme 2007. Each Option is convertible into an equity

share of Re. 1/- each. The first vesting is exercisable over

a period of three years from the date of vesting. The

second, third and fourth vesting are exercisable over a

period of 6 years from the date of vesting. There were no

vested Options outstanding as at the end of the financial

year under the ESOP Scheme 2007 and there will be no

grants under the ESOP Scheme 2007.

Forging New Paths, Fortifying Future

Integrated Report FY 2022-23

Coromandel International Limited

198

199:

Managing Director

and Member of the Committee with effect from January 31, 2023.

@ Mr. Sankarasubramanian S. and Dr. Raghuram Devarakonda was appointed as Member of the committee with effect

from February 2, 2023.

^Dr. Deepali Pant Joshi was appointed as Member of the committee with effect from March 22, 2023.

3. Provide the web link where Composition of CSRS committee, CSRS Policy and CSR

projects approved by the board are disclosed on the website of the company.

CSRS Policy and CSR projects approved by Board : https://www.coromandel.biz/sustainability/

Composition: https://www.coromandel.biz/investors/committees-of-the-board/

4. Provide the details of Impact assessment of CSR projects carried out in pursuance of

sub-rule (3) of rule 8 of the Companies (Corporate Social responsibility Policy) Rules,

2014, if applicable (attach the report).

1.

Impact Assessment on Covid Relief – Response to Disaster (2021-2022) by Blue Sky Sustainable Business Ltd

2.

Impact Assessment on Education Opportunities for Girl Children in AP & Telangana by Karunachal Foundation

Detailed impact assessment reports can be accessed at https://www.coromandel.biz/investors/annual-general-

meetings/

5. Details of the amount available for set off in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 7 of the

Companies (Corporate Social responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 and amount required

for set off for the financial year, if any.

Sl.

No. Financial Year

Amount available for set-off from

preceding financial years (in Rs. Lakhs)

Amount required to be setoff for the

financial year, if any (in Rs. Lakhs)

-

-

-

Total

-

-

6. Average net profit of the company as per section 135(5):

Rs. 1,67,268 Lakhs

7.

(a) Two percent of average net profit of the company as per section 135(5):

Rs. 3,345.40 Lakhs

(b) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years:

Nil

(c) Amount required to be set off for the financial year, if any:

Nil

(d) Total CSR obligation for the financial year (7a +7b+ 7c):

Rs. 3,345.40 Lakhs

8. (a) CSR amount spent or unspent for the financial year:

Total Amount Spent

for the Financial Year

(in Rs.)

Total Amount transferred to Unspent CSR

Account as per section 135(6)

Amount Unspent (in Rs.)

Amount

Date of Transfer

Name of the

Fund

Amount

Date of Transfer

2,553.80 lakhs

791.60 lakhs

29th April 2023

-

-

-

Forging New Paths, Fortifying Future

Integrated Report FY 2022-23

Coromandel International Limited

234

235:

Managing Director*

102.92

25.99

Mr. Sankarasubramanian S., Executive Director – Nutrient Business@

5.81

-

Dr. Raghuram Devarakonda, Executive Director – Crop Protection Bio and Retail Businesses@

4.68

-

Mrs. Jayashree Satagopan, Chief Financial Officer

43.53

17.65

Mr. Rajesh Mukhija, Company Secretary

23.44

13.10

^ Number of times to the median remuneration of employees.

* Mr. Prasad Chandran ceased to be an Independent Director of the Company on completion of his tenure with effect

from close of business hours on April 20, 2022.

* Mr. Sameer Goel superannuated as a: Managing director of the Company with effect from close of business hours on

January 31, 2023, on completion of his term as Managing

Managing director)

Mr. Sankarasubramanian S (w.e.f. 1 February 2023)

Key management personnel (Executive Director)

Dr. Raghuram Devarakonda (w.e.f. 1 February 2023)

Key management personnel (Executive Director)

Ms. Jayashree Satagopan

Key management personnel (Chief Financial Officer)

Mr. Rajesh Mukhija

Key management personnel (Company Secretary)

Mr. S Suresh

Key management personnel of Parent company

Mr. M M Venkatachalam

Non-Executive Director

Ms. Aruna B. Advani

Non-Executive Director

Mr. Prasad Chandran (upto 20 April 2022)

Non-Executive Director

Mr. Sumit Bose

Non-Executive Director

Dr. R. Nagarajan

Non-Executive Director

Mr. K V Parameshwar

Non-Executive Director

Mr. Sudarshan Venu

Non-Executive Director

Dr. Deepali Pant Joshi (w.e.f. 1 February 2023)

Non-Executive Director

(B) Transactions during the year:

For the year ended

31 March 2023

For the year ended

31 March 2022

i)

Sale of finished goods/raw materials/services

a) Subsidiary- PAI

6,116

7,526

ii) Rent received

a) Fellow subsidiary – PICPL

104

95

b) PEIL

6

4

iii) Expenses reimbursed by

a) Subsidiary – PAI

17

3

b) Subsidiary – CCL

28

27

c) Subsidiary – DVL

-

39

iv) Purchase of finished goods and services

a) Parent company

729

604

b) PEIL

1,352

65

c) Joint Venture – YCAS

-

35

Forging New Paths, Fortifying Future

Integrated Report FY 2022-23

Coromandel International Limited

328

329:

Managing director)

Mr. Sankarasubramanian S (w.e.f. 1 February 2023)

Key management personnel (Executive Director)

Dr. Raghuram Devarakonda (w.e.f. 1 February 2023)

Key management personnel (Executive Director)

Ms. Jayashree Satagopan

Key management personnel (Chief Financial officer)

Mr. Rajesh Mukhija

Key management personnel (Company Secretary)

Mr. S Suresh

Key management personnel of Parent Company

Mr. M M Venkatachalam

Non-Executive Director

Ms. Aruna B. Advani

Non-Executive Director

Mr. Prasad Chandran (upto 20 April 2022)

Non-Executive Director

Mr. Sumit Bose

Non-Executive Director

Dr. R. Nagarajan

Non-Executive Director

Mr. K V Parameshwar

Non-Executive Director

Mr. Sudarshan Venu

Non-Executive Director

Dr Deepali Pant Joshi(w.e.f 1 February 2023)

Non-Executive Director

(B) Transactions during the year:

For the Year ended

31 March 2023

For the Year ended

31 March 2022

i)

Rent received

a) PEIL

6

4

ii) Purchase of finished goods and services

a) Parent company

729

604

b) PEIL

1,352

65

c) Joint Venture – YCAS

-

35

iii) Commission on sales

a) Associate – Sabero Philippines

108

158

iv) Expenses reimbursed to

a) Parent company

-

242

v) Purchase of assets and spares

a) Joint venture – YCAS

4

35

vi) Dividend paid (including interim dividend payable)

a) Parent company

19,855

19,855

vii) Rent paid

a) Parent company

-

59

viii) Equity investment -BMCC

15,660

-

ix) Loan & Accrued Interest

a) Short term loan - BMCC

5,761

-

b) Accrued interest income – BMCC

154

-

*less than C 1 Lakhs

The amounts outstanding are unsecured and will be settled in cash. No guarantees have been given or received. No expense

has been recognised in the current or prior years for bad or doubtful debts in respect of the amounts owed by related parties.

(C) Transactions with key management personnel

a)

Dividends paid to key management personnel during the year ended 31 March 2023 C74 Lakhs (2022: C28 Lakhs).

b)

Compensation of key management personnel of the Company:

The remuneration of directors and key executives is determined by the remuneration committee having regard to the

performance of individuals and market trends.

For the Year ended

31 March 2023

For the Year ended

31 March 2022

Short-term employee benefits

2,504

1,791

Others*

292

307

Total compensation

2,796

2,098

*excludes Goods and Services Tax

c)

During the year, the Company has not granted any employee stock options to its key managerial personnel

Forging New Paths, Fortifying Future

Integrated Report FY 2022-23

Coromandel International Limited

412

413:

