Managing Director(s),

Dalmia Bharat Limited

GRI 2-22: Dear Shareholders,

FY23 was an eventful year for India

and the world. While escalating

geopolitical tensions and supply

chain constraints raised commodity

and energy prices to historically

highs, and incited recessionary

fears, the Indian economy was

an epitome of resilience, aided

by structural strengths and

the government’s thrust on

infrastructure-led growth. India

battled high inflation and the

consequent rise in interest rates,

but there were no detrimental

consequences to consumption or

investments.

At Dalmia, we believe that our

future is intertwined with that of

India’s ambitions. As India marches

ahead to become a developed

nation by 2047, we view ourselves

as a reliable partner in this

progress as well as in the nation’s

commitment to creating a green

and sustainable future. Over the

past decade, we have grown 4x

in capacity, 5x in revenue, and 4x

in EBITDA, becoming the fourth-

largest player the cement industry

in India. We have embarked on

an aggressive expansion path to

become a pan-India pure play

cement company and address the

country’s diverse development

needs, with sustainability as a core

strategic imperative.

In this context, it gives us immense

pleasure to present to you our

seventh Integrated Annual Report

that encapsulates how we have

emerged stronger and resilient,

navigating challenges, adapting

to evolving market dynamics,

and delivering sustainable value

to our stakeholders. The strong

performance across financial

and non-financial parameters

speaks volumes about our strong

fundamentals and ability to

capitalise on the India growth story.

13

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Introducing

Dalmia Bharat

Value Creation

Approach

Capital-wise

Performance

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

Other

Disclosures

Dalmia Bharat Limited

12

Building a Sustainable Future

Managing Director & CEO

Dalmia Cement (Bharat) Limited: Dear Stakeholders,

I am delighted to share

with you yet another year

of robust performance for

Dalmia Bharat, amid a

challenging macroeconomic

environment. While the

demand for cement

remained strong at 10%,

the impact of high inflation

resulted in a slightly subdued

sentiment and exerted

pressure on our margins.

However, we rationalised

our operating costs

and undertook focused

sustainability initiatives to

deliver a strong earnings

performance. For FY23, our

revenue increased 20.0%

YoY to reach I13,540 crore,

while EBITDA came in at

I2,316 crore. Our sales

volume experienced a

robust growth of 15.9%,

positioning us as the second

leading company within our

industry in India. In our bid to

continuously explore the use

of sustainable alternatives

for our process inputs, we

increased our renewable

energy capacity by 2.5x

to 166 MW, from the year

earlier.

We are proud to be among the few companies

globally to have pledged to become carbon

negative by 2040. To achieve this goal, we are

collaborating with organisations in India and

abroad to understand low-carbon innovations and

adopt them in our manufacturing process.

GRI 2-22

14

15

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Dalmia Bharat Limited

Building a Sustainable Future

Introducing

Dalmia Bharat

Value Creation

Approach

Capital-wise

Performance

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

Other

Disclosures

Building a Sustainable Future

Dalmia Bharat Limited

14

15

Dear Stakeholders,

This is my first opportunity to address you

as someone who has been tasked with the

most prestigious assignment of transforming

the Dalmia Bharat Group into one of the

most diversified, modern, and value-driven

business groups of India. I would like to

thank the Management for this wonderful

opportunity and promise you all that we are

well on our way to achieving our goals and

accomplishing our credentials as per the

multi-pronged, strategic transformation plan.

The mission to re-engineer the historic Dalmia Bharat Group into

an institution with contemporary corporate sensibilities, growth

objectives, ESG consciousness, wider community responsibilities,

and shareholder values – or simply what the Management has

branded – Dalmia 2.0 – over the next 10 years, was rolled out

soon after COVID -19 pandemic. Our intent and inclination were to

grow stated manufacturing capacity manifold, vault much above

the industry growth potential of 7-8%, significantly generate

employment potential across our locations where we operate,

multiply shareholder value, and enter the large-cap space while

becoming a higher contributor to India’s infrastructure ambitions –

all in tandem with the ethos of the modern corporate culture.

Gratefully, at this juncture, our core businesses had become

too important in the national mise en scène as India galloped

to become the world’s fastest-growing major economy,

heavily investing in the national infrastructure pipeline, global

manufacturing ambitions, urban revival, industrial construction,

and affordable housing.

As I reflect over the last couple of years, I am filled with a

profound sense of pride over the transformative journey we have

undertaken this far by creating a robust leadership team, fixing

short-term and long-term objectives, chalking out bellwether

scenario strategies and embedding transformation leaders across

the transformation – got a boost with the acquisition of limestone

mines in Rajasthan, as well as the new allotment of coal blocks in

the East and Central regions.

Our growth trajectory is designed to be well diversified and

balanced with a significant presence in each region of our

operation. The interim growth milestones, which we have

determined after much deliberation, are designed to deliver

secular growth and thus improve the predictability of our

operations for each of our stakeholders.

To ensure optimal utilisation of our capital resources while

maintaining the strength of our Balance Sheet, we have divested

the majority of our non-core assets in a phased manner and are

operating within the well-defined guard rails laid down under the

Capital Allocation Framework guided by the four critical principles

of scalability, sustainability, consistency, and predictability.

Organisation building

Building an organisation not only means increasing capacity

but also building on the trust and confidence of each of our

stakeholders. We are making inroads into newer regions through

purposeful brand-strengthening actions and undertaking measures

designed to enhance respect amongst all our stakeholders. Levers

for constructing a scalable institution with a desired auto-pilot

functioning have been identified and are being actioned upon

through a multi-faceted long-term strategy.

Innovation and digitalisation

In line with our guiding principles to enhance the scalability and

sustainability of our operations, we are focused on expanding

the use of automation and cloud solutions across our entire

value chain. Digitalisation has thus far transformed our business

processes by ensuring consistency of data availability and having

materially reduced the chances of information asymmetry and

external dependencies. Applications such as the Driver Saathi App,

Suvidha App, and Smart-D App are helping us with a much better

stakeholder connect, provision of accurate information, and thus

enabling us to provide tailored solutions to our stakeholders.

Real-time data and analytics have empowered informed decision-

making, enhancing our operational excellence.

The implementation of Industry 4.0 technologies and the Industrial

Internet of Things (IIoT) allows us to optimise processes and

monitor all aspects of our operations. A digitally enabled supply

chain is a distinct priority, as we strive to enhance efficiency and

implement green initiatives.

Commitment to robust ESG practices

Our commitment to strong Corporate Governance and sustainable

practices is ensuring the creation of long-term shareholder value.

Over the past two years, we have successfully operationalised

and integrated our Risk Governance Framework, enabling us to

proactively mitigate risks and safeguard our Company’s interests.

We have re-modelled our Code of Conduct, redesigned key

governing policies of the Company including the Treasury policy

and well-structured Dividend policy, on-boarded best-in-class

audit partners, enhanced our disclosure norms, etc., all designed

to build a robust foundation of a future-ready company.

We are prioritising scalability with an equal focus on sustainability

and thus steer our Company towards a well-designed green growth

strategy. This entails transitioning towards clean energy sources

and embracing the principles of a circular economy. We are

actively exploring waste utilisation and energy recovery measures

while also investing in innovative technologies. As the first cement

company globally to commit to a Carbon Negative Roadmap by

2040, we are engaging with global firms and government bodies

to explore new technologies and innovative solutions to reach our

committed target.

On the social front, we have embarked on a comprehensive Social

Transformation Roadmap, striving to make a positive impact on

livelihoods, climate action, and the development of vital social

infrastructure. We continue to champion corporate governance,

ESG principles, and sustainable growth for our business and

stakeholders.

Our People and our teams

Our vision to build an industry-leading corporate over the next

decade will be realised only on the back of an aligned leadership

team and a deeply motivated workforce. We are thus investing

disproportionate leadership bandwidth into developing a

formal succession planning programme, implementing talent

development and performance management programmes,

redesigning our organisation structure, and curating an associated

compensation philosophy.

During the year, we constituted a committee of our top leaders

called the Executive Council who have the onus of steering the

organisation through a collaborative approach and cohesive

decision-making. To build an in-house pipeline of young leaders,

we identified 40 young leaders from across the organisation and

launched a personalised leadership development programme

called ‘Lakshya’ which has a combination of retention cum

performance-related metrics and includes tailored leadership

coaching, trainings, and career development programmes.

Opportunities, programmes of mentorship and coaching of

these young leaders with the members of the Executive Council

and industry experts are being instated to intrinsically build our

Leaders of Tomorrow.

The way forward

With India poised to become the third-largest economy in the

world, our cement sector is well positioned to deliver correlated

and accelerated growth for large cement companies within it.

The much-awaited theme of industry consolidation has started to

play out and we are witnessing waves of changes in the industry’s

operating dynamics.

As one of the top companies in the sector, we are embracing

strategies that will enable us to capitalise on the large opportunity

ahead of us and help us double our market share over the next

decade.

I am confident that with the clarity of our vision, a well-defined

and detailed roadmap, and with the efforts and commitment of

our dedicated team, we will achieve our vision. We firmly believe

that the Group’s future is now firmly intertwined with that of

our great nation. We share the collective dreams of becoming a

developed nation by 2047 and being a partner in progress in every

step that we take.

Thank you for your unwavering faith in us and for being an integral

part of this incredible journey!

Warm Regards,

Rajiv Bansal

President and Chief Transformation Officer, Dalmia Bharat Limited

the organisation to effect cohesion and conformity to the overall

stated objectives.

Cognisant of the distinctive opportunities before our country

and the cement sector, we are on course to make meaningful

contributions to the nation’s unparalleled growth.

Long-term vision and growth roadmap

With an ambitious goal to be one of the largest cement companies

in India, we became the first Indian cement company to define

a long-term vision and meticulously crafted a forward-looking

10-year roadmap, outlining planned growth and setting predictive

milestones for success. This roadmap was underlined with a robust

Capital Allocation Framework, an integrated Risk Governance

Framework, and a well-aligned Leadership Team.

A rapid increase in our installed cement capacity by almost 1.5

times from 26.5 MnT in FY20 to 41.1 MnT at present, is a testament

to our well-directed approach and that we are well on our

journey to become a pure-play pan-India 110-130 MnT Cement

Manufacturing Company by 2031. Last fiscal, we moved closer to

our ambition of becoming a true pan-India player, with the smart

acquisition of cement assets of Jaiprakash Associates Limited in

Central India. Our desire – to have greater raw material self-

sufficiency (and thereby lesser cost volatility) as an integral part of

16

17

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Dalmia Bharat Limited

Building a Sustainable Future

Introducing

Dalmia Bharat

Value Creation

Approach

Capital-wise

Performance

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

Other

Disclosures:

Dear Stakeholders,

I am delighted to share with you our ESG

performance of FY23 through this Integrated

Report, which demonstrates our commitment

to sustainability and our initiatives and

achievements towards building a better

future.

We have not only made significant progress

in reducing our emissions but have also

strengthened our position to capitalise on the

opportunities and mitigate the challenges that

lie ahead in our journey towards a low-carbon

future.

Good governance is the cornerstones of a successful and sustainable

company. It provides a solid foundation for transparency,

accountability, and ethical decision-making, fostering trust among

stakeholders and driving long-term value creation. At Dalmia Bharat,

we are committed to upholding the highest standards of governance,

ensuring that our actions align with our core values and contribute to

our overall success. We have implemented a robust risk management

framework, enabling us to identify, assess, and mitigate risks effectively.

This framework empowers us to make informed decisions that ensure

the long-term viability of our business.

In addition, we have placed a strong emphasis on supply chain

sustainability, promoting responsible sourcing, reducing environmental

impacts, and upholding human rights. Our commitment to ethical and

sustainable practices encompasses the entire value chain.

Before I conclude, I want to express my heartfelt gratitude to our

dedicated employees, esteemed partners, and supportive stakeholders.

It is your unwavering support that has enabled us to embark on this

transformative journey towards a more sustainable future. Together,

we will continue to push boundaries, embrace innovation, and set

new benchmarks for sustainability, leaving a positive legacy for future

generations. Thank you for your trust and continued collaboration.

Our shared commitment to a better tomorrow drives us forward, and

we look forward to making even greater strides in the coming years.

Dr. Arvind Madhukar Bodhankar

Head ESG and Chief Risk Officer

Leadership Messages

18

19

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Dalmia Bharat Limited

Building a Sustainable Future

Introducing

Dalmia Bharat

Value Creation

Approach

Capital-wise

Performance

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

Other

Disclosures:

Managing Director

M M M

Executive Director

5 years on the board

83% attendance at Board Meeting

Mr. Niddodi Subrao Rajan

M M

Non-executive Director

5 years on the board

83% attendance at Board Meeting

Mr. Puneet Yadu Dalmia: Managing

Managing Director

DBL

Mr. Puneet Yadu Dalmia: Managing

Managing Director of the Company

for a period of 5 years commencing from October 30, 2023, as

a Special Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Sections 196, 197, 198, 203,

Schedule V and other applicable provisions, if any, of the

Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) read with the relevant Rules

made thereunder including any modification or re-enactment

thereof, if any, the applicable provisions of SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations,

2015, if any and the Articles of Association of the Company,

as recommended by the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee and approved by the Board of Directors, approval of

shareholders be and is hereby accorded for re-appointment of

Mr. Gautam Dalmia (DIN:00009758), as the: Managing

letter of

appointment to the Independent Director containing such

terms and conditions of appointment in accordance with

Section 4 of Part IV of Schedule IV of the Companies Act,

2013 and do all such acts and things as may be required or

considered necessary for the above appointments.”

9.

To consider and, if though fit, to pass, with or without

modification(s), the following resolution, for payment of

remuneration/commission to the Non-executive Directors, as

an Ordinary Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 197,

198 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013

(‘the Act’), read with relevant rules and Regulation 17 (6) (a) of

the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (including

any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof for

the time being in force), the Non-Executive Directors of the

Company (i.e., Directors other than the: Managing

Letter of Confirmation in lieu

of the share certificate while processing any of the aforesaid

investor service requests. Members holding shares in physical

form are requested to get their shares dematerialised.

21. Members who wish to claim dividends, which remain

unclaimed, are requested to either correspond with the

Company Secretary or the Company’s RTA for encashing them

before the due date. In accordance with the provisions of

Sections 124 and 125 of the Act and Investor Education and

Protection Fund (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules,

2016 (IEPF Rules), dividends not encashed/claimed within seven

years from the date of declaration are to be transferred to the

Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF).

The IEPF Rules mandate companies to transfer shares of

Members whose dividends remain unpaid/unclaimed for

a period of seven consecutive years or more to the demat

account of IEPF established by the Central Government. The

Members, whose dividends/shares are transferred to the IEPF,

can claim their shares/dividends from the IEPF Authority. In

accordance with the said IEPF Rules, as amended, the Company

had sent notices to all the Members whose shares were due

to be transferred to IEPF requesting them to comply with the

requirements to claim back the Dividends and avoid transfer

of shares and had simultaneously published newspaper

advertisement for the same.

22. Any person whose shares, unclaimed/un-encashed dividend,

matured deposits, matured debentures, or interest thereon,

have been transferred to the IEPFA, can claim back the same

from IEPFA by submitting an online application in the prescribed

Form IEPF-5 available on the website www.iepf.gov.in and

sending a physical copy of the same duly signed to the Company

along with the requisite documents enumerated in Form IEPF-5.

23. Since the AGM will be held through VC / OAVM, the Route Map

is not annexed in this Notice.

24. The Board of Directors of the Company had declared an

interim dividend of `4/- each per equity share of `2/- each on

November 2, 2022. The same was paid on November 21, 2022.

The final dividend of `5/- each for the year ended March 31,

2023, as recommended by the Board, if declared at the AGM,

will be payable to those persons whose names appear in the

Register of Members / beneficial position in the depository

records for the company as at the close of business hours on

June 23, 2023. Dividend will be paid within 30 days from the

date of AGM.

25. Pursuant to Finance Act 2020, dividend income is taxable in

the hands of members w.e.f. April 1, 2020 and the Company

is required to deduct tax at source from dividend paid to

members at rates prescribed in the Income-Tax Act, 1961

(the IT Act). For the prescribed rates for various categories, the

members are requested to refer to the Finance Act, 2020 and

amendments thereof. The members are requested to update

their Residential Status, PAN and category as per the IT Act

with the Company/ KFin Technologies Limited (in case of shares

held in physical mode) and Depositories Participants (in case of

shares held in demat mode).

For resident shareholders, taxes shall be deducted at source

under Section 194 of the IT Act as follows:

Shareholders having valid PAN

10% or as notified by the

Government of India

Shareholders not having PAN /

valid PAN

20% or as notified by the

Government of India

However, no tax shall be deducted on the dividend payable

to a resident individual if the total dividend to be received

by them during the financial year 2022-23 does not exceed

` 5,000 and also in cases where members provide Form 15G

/ Form 15H (applicable to individuals aged 60 years or more)

subject to conditions specified in the Income Tax Act. Resident

shareholders may also submit any other document as prescribed

under the Income Tax Act to claim a lower / Nil withholding

tax. Registered members may also submit any other document

as prescribed under the Income Tax Act to claim a lower / Nil

withholding tax. PAN is mandatory for members providing

Form 15G / 15H or any other document as mentioned above.

A Resident individual member with PAN and who is not liable

to pay income tax can submit a yearly declaration in Form No.

15G/15H, to avail the benefit of non-deduction of tax at source

by email to einward.ris@kfintech.com.

Non-resident shareholders [including Foreign Institutional

Investors (FIIs) / Foreign Portfolio Investors(FPIs)] can avail

beneficial rates under tax treaty between India and their country

of tax residence, subject to providing necessary documents i.e. No

Permanent Establishment and Beneficial Ownership Declaration,

Tax Residency Certificate, Form 10F, any other document which

may be required to avail the tax treaty benefits. For this purpose

the shareholder may submit the above documents (PDF / JPG

Format) by e-mail to einward.ris@kfintech.com. The aforesaid

declarations and documents need to be submitted by the

shareholders by Friday, June 23, 2023.

26. Instructions for Members for attending the e-AGM through

VC/OAVM are as under:

PROCEDURE FOR REMOTE E-VOTING

i.

In compliance with the provisions of Section 108 of the

Act, read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management

and Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended from time

to time, Regulation 44 of the SEBI Listing Regulations

and in terms of SEBI vide circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/

CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9, 2020 in relation

to e-Voting Facility Provided by Listed Entities, the

Members are provided with the facility to cast their vote

electronically, through the e-Voting services provided by

KFintech, on all the resolutions set forth in this Notice.

The instructions for e-Voting are given herein below.

128

129

Building a Sustainable Future

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Dalmia Bharat Limited

Introducing

Dalmia Bharat

Value Creation

Approach

Capital-wise

Performance

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

Other

Disclosures:

letter,

etc. together with attested specimen signature

of the duly authorised signatory(ies) who is/are

authorised to vote, to the Scrutiniser through email

at and may also upload the same in the e-voting

module in their login. The scanned image of the

above documents should be in the naming format

‘DBL _EVENT No’

XII. In case of any queries/grievances, you may refer the

Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Members at

https://evoting.kfintech.com/public/Faq.aspx or call

KFin on 1-800-309-4001 (toll free).

(B)

Members whose email IDs are not registered with the

Company/Depository Participants(s), and consequently

the Annual Report, Notice of AGM and e-voting

instructions cannot be serviced, will have to follow the

following process:

I.

Members who have not registered their email

address and in consequence the Annual Report,

Notice of AGM and e-voting instructions cannot be

serviced, may temporarily get their email address

and mobile number provided with KFintech, by

accessing the link:

II.

https://ris.kfintech.com/clientservices/mobilereg/

mobileemailreg.aspx. Select the company name i.e.

Dalmia Bharat Limited

III.

Select the Holding type from the drop down i.e. -

NSDL / CDSL / Physical

IV.

Enter DPID – Client ID (in case shares are held in

electronic form) / Physical Folio No. (in case shares

are held in physical form) and PAN.

V.

If PAN details are not available in the system, the

system will prompt to upload a self-attested copy

of the PAN card for updating records.

VI.

In case shares are held in physical form and PAN is

not available in the records, please enter any one

of the Share Certificate No. in respect of the shares

held by you.

VII. Enter the email address and mobile number.

VIII. System will validate DP ID – Client ID/ Physical Folio

No. and PAN / Share certificate No., as the case

may be, and send the OTP at the registered Mobile

number as well as email address for validation.

IX.

Enter the OTPs received by SMS and email to

complete the validation process. OTPs validity will

be for 5 minutes only.

X.

The Notice and e-voting instructions along with

the User ID and Password will be sent on the email

address updated by the member.

XI.

Alternatively, members may send an email request

addressed to einward.ris@kfintech.com along with

scanned copy of the request: letter duly signed by

the first shareholder, providing the email address,

mobile number, self-attested copy of PAN and Client

Master copy in case shares are held in electronic

form or copy of the share certificate in case shares

are held in physical form, to enable KFin to register

their email address and to provide them the Notice

and the e-voting instructions along with the User ID

and Password.

XII. Please note that in case the shares are held in

electronic form, the above facility is only for

temporary registration of email address for receipt

of the Notice and the e-voting instructions along

with the User ID and Password. Such members

will have to register their email address with their

DPs permanently, so that all communications are

received by them in electronic form.

XIII. In case of queries, members are requested to write

to einward.ris@kfintech.com or call at the toll free

number 1-800- 309-4001.

Details on Step 3 are mentioned below:

III) Instructions for all the shareholders, including

Individual, other than Individual and Physical, for

attending the AGM of the Company through VC/

OAVM and e-Voting during the meeting.

i.

Member will be provided with a facility to attend the

AGM through VC / OAVM platform provided by KFintech.

Members may access the same at https://emeetings.

kfintech.com/ by using the e-voting login credentials

provided in the email received from the Company/

KFintech. After logging in, click on the Video Conference

tab and select the EVEN of the Company. Click on the

video symbol and accept the meeting etiquettes to

join the meeting. Please note that the members who

do not have the User ID and Password for e-Voting or

have forgotten the User ID and Password may retrieve

the same by following the remote e-Voting instructions

mentioned above.

ii.

Facility for joining AGM though VC/ OAVM shall open

atleast 15 minutes before the commencement of

the Meeting.

iii.

Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through

Laptops/ Desktops with Google Chrome (preferred

browser), Safari, Internet Explorer, Microsoft Edge,

Mozilla Firefox 22.

iv.

Members will be required to grant access to the webcam

to enable VC / OAVM. Further, Members connecting from

Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting

via Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss due

to fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore

recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to

mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.

v.

The Members who have not cast their vote through

remote e-voting shall be eligible to cast their vote through

e-voting system available during the AGM. E-voting during

the AGM is integrated with the VC / OAVM platform. The

Members may click on the voting icon displayed on the

screen to cast their votes.

vi.

A Member can opt for only single mode of voting i.e.,

through Remote e-voting or voting at the AGM. If a

Member casts votes by both modes, then voting done

through Remote e-voting shall prevail and vote at the

AGM shall be treated as invalid.

OTHER INSTRUCTIONS

I.

Speaker Registration: The Members who wish to speak during

the meeting may register themselves as speakers for the AGM

to express their views. They can visit https://emeetings.kfintech.

com and login through the user id and password provided in the

mail received from Kfintech. On successful login, select ‘Speaker

Registration’ which will be opened at 9:00 AM on Monday, June

26, 2023 and ends at 5:00 PM on Wednesday, June 28, 2023.

Members shall be provided a ‘queue number’ before the meeting.

The Company reserves the right to restrict the speakers at the

AGM to only those Members who have registered themselves,

depending on the availability of time for the AGM.

II.

Post your Question: The Members who wish to post their

questions prior to the meeting can do the same by visiting

https://emeetings.kfintech.com. Please login through the user

id and password provided in the mail received from Kfintech.

On successful login, select ‘Post Your Question’ option which

will be opened from 9:00 AM on Monday, June 26, 2023 and

ends at 5:00 PM on Wednesday, June 28, 2023.

III.

In case of any query and/or grievance, in respect of voting by

electronic means, Members may refer to the Help & Frequently

Asked Questions (FAQs) and E-voting user manual available at

the download section of https://evoting.kfintech.com (KFintech

Website) or contact at evoting@kfintech.com or call Mr. N

Shyam Kumar at KFintech’s toll free No. 1-800-3454-001 for

any further clarifications.

IV.

In case a person has become a Member of the Company after

dispatch of AGM Notice but on or before the cut-off date for

E-voting, he/she may obtain the User ID and Password in the

manner as mentioned below:

i.

If the mobile number of the member is registered against

Folio No./ DP ID Client ID, the member may send SMS:

MYEPWD <space> E-Voting Event Number+Folio No. or DP

ID Client ID to 9212993399

1. Example for NSDL

:

2. MYEPWD <SPACE>

IN12345612345678

3. Example for CDSL

:

4. MYEPWD <SPACE>

1402345612345678

5. Example for Physical

:

6. MYEPWD <SPACE>

XXXX1234567890

ii.

If e-mail address or mobile number of the member is

registered against Folio No. / DP ID Client ID, then on the

home page of https://evoting.kfintech.com/, the member

may click “Forgot Password” and enter Folio No. or DP ID

Client ID and PAN to generate a password.

iii.

Members who may require any technical assistance

or support before or during the AGM are requested to

contact KFintech at toll free number 1-800-309-4001 or

write to them at evoting@kfintech.com.

EXPLANATORY STATEMENT IN RESPECT OF THE

SPECIAL BUSINESS PURSUANT TO SECTION 102

OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013

ITEM NO. 4:

Mr. Gautam Dalmia was appointed as the Managing

Managing Director of the Company. Mr.

Gautam Dalmia a is neither disqualified from being appointed as a

Director in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act, nor debarred from

holding the office of director by virtue of any SEBI order or any

other such authority and has given all the necessary declarations

and confirmation.

Terms and Condition of appointment of Mr. Gautam

Dalmia is as under:

I.

Tenure:

The tenure of appointment shall be five (5) years commencing

from October 30, 2023 till October 29, 2028, However, in

terms of Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013, payment of

remuneration shall be subject to the approval of shareholders

after three years (i.e. post October 30, 2026).

II.

Remuneration:

Salary:

(a)

Basic Pay

`1,04,16,667 per month

(b)

Special Pay

`44,33,333 per month

Salary (a+b)

`1,48,50,000 per month

Allowances and Perquisites: In addition to the Salary, the: Managing

Managing Director, holds B.S. and

M.S. degrees in Electrical Engineering from Columbia

University. He is responsible for managing the cement

and sugar businesses and is leading all operations and

execution of cement projects. He provides leadership to

the commercial functions for the group.

5.

Remuneration proposed:

The proposed remuneration has been detailed in the

Resolution No. 4 for approval of the members. The

aforesaid proposed remuneration shall be paid as

minimum remuneration in case of loss or inadequacy of

profits in relevant year during his tenure.

6.

Comparative remuneration profile with respect to Industry,

size of the Company, profile of the position and person:

Considering the position held and the responsibility of

the: Managing Director as well as the enhanced business

activities of the Company and its subsidiaries, increase in

consolidated profitability and Group’s plans for growth,

the proposed remuneration is commensurate with the

industry standards and Board Level positions held in

similar sized and similarly positioned businesses.

The appointee is a resident of India.

7.

Pecuniary relationship directly or indirectly with the

Company, or relationship with the Managerial personnel

if any: Except drawing remuneration as Managing Director

and shareholding in the Company, he does not have any

pecuniary relationship whether directly or indirectly.

III. Other information:

1.

Reasons of loss or inadequate profits.

On standalone basis, the net profit after tax of the

Company is marginally higher in FY 2022-23 (`195 crore)

compared to FY 2021-22 (`183 crore). However, the

same is not adequate for managerial remuneration. On

consolidated basis, the Company’s EBIDTA decreased from

`2,426 crore in FY 2021-22 to `2,316 crore in FY 2022-23

registering decline of 4.5%, Profit Before Tax increased

from `1,162 crore to `1,321 crore in the same period

registering growth of 14% and Profit After Tax increased

from `845 crore to `1,079 crore in the same period

registering increase of 28%, despite higher fuel prices

adversely impacting the variable cost of production.

2.

Steps taken or proposed to be taken for improvement.

At consolidated level, the Company’s EBIDTA is expected

to increase due to enhanced capacity and higher volume

of sales while undertaking initiatives for cost reduction

and increase in market share.

3.

Expected increase in productivity and profits in

measurable terms.

While the Company does not give guidance about

future profitability, as mentioned in previous paras, the

Company’s consolidated profitability has grown in FY 22-

23 and is expected to increase further in FY 23-24.

ITEM NO- 5

Mr. Puneet Yadu Dalmia was appointed as the Managing Director of

the Company for a term of five (5) years commencing from October

30, 2018 till October 29, 2023. Accordingly, his term as Managing

Director of the Company is expiring in October 29, 2023.

Mr. Puneet Yadu Dalmia, holds a B.Tech. Degree from the Indian

Institute of Technology, Delhi and is a gold medalist from the Indian

Institute of Management, Bangalore in Strategy and Marketing. He

has around three decades of experience in cement industry having

started his career as the co-founder and

Managing Director holds a

B.Tech. Degree from the Indian Institute of Technology,

Delhi and is a gold medalist from the Indian Institute of

Management, Bangalore in Strategy and Marketing. Mr.

Puneet Yadu Dalmia conceptualised the growth strategy

and governance architecture of the Group to focus on its

core businesses and is spearheading the growth plans for

the Group.

2.

Past remuneration: Mr. Puneet Yadu Dalmia drew

following remuneration during the financial year ended

March 31, 2023:

Sl

No

Name of the

Company

Position

Remuneration (including

perquisites and retirals)

(`/ Crore)

1.

Dalmia Bharat

Limited

Managing

Director

23.37

Name of other Company in which the appointee is a

Managerial person – Except the position of Managing

Director in the Company he does not hold managerial

position in any other company.

3.

Recognition or award:

• the EY Entrepreneur of the Year 2017 in the

Manufacturing Category; and

• the Lakshmipat Singhania - IIM, Lucknow, National

Leadership Award in the Business Category from the

President of India in 2019.

• Awarded the Business Today Best Cement CEO Award

for 2023.

4.

Job profile & suitability:

Mr. Puneet Yadu Dalmia has rich experience in the

Cement Industry and has been in the leadership role and

spearheading the strategic growth of the Company.

5.

Remuneration proposed:

The proposed remuneration has been detailed in the

Resolution for approval of the members. The aforesaid

proposed remuneration shall be paid as minimum

remuneration in case of loss or inadequacy of profits in

relevant year during his tenure.

6.

Comparative remuneration profile with respect to

Industry, size of the Company, profile of the position

and person: Considering the position held and the

responsibility of the: Managing

letter received from

a shareholder under section 160 of the Companies Act, 2023, proposing

her for directorship are available for inspection by the shareholders.

Mrs. Anuradha Mookerjee and her relatives may be deemed to be

concerned or interested in the passing of the Orinary Resolution

as the same relates to her re-appointment. Except Mrs. Anuradha

Mookerjee, none of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the

Company and their relatives are concerned or interested, financially

or otherwise, in the resolution set out at item no. 8.

ITEM NO. 9:

In terms of Regulation 17 (6) (a) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations,

2015 approval of the shareholders in general meeting is required for

payment of all compensation to the non-executive directors, including

independent directors. Further, as per section 197(1) the remuneration

payable to directors who are neither managing directors nor whole-time

directors shall not exceed one percent of the net profits of the company,

if there is a managing or whole-time director or manager, except with

the approval of the company in general meeting, by a special resolution.

Accordingly, approval of the Shareholders by ordinary resolution is

required for payment of remuneration to the non-executive directors

within the limit of 1% of net profit of the Company.

The shareholders at their Annual General meeting held on December

31, 2018 passed similar resolution for payment of Commission to the

Non-Executive Directors(NEDs) for a period of five years w.e.f. FY 2018-

19. Since the five-year term is expiring in FY 2022-23, the Board of

Directors in terms of Regulation 17 (6) (a) of the Listing Regulations

read with section 197 of the Act, recommended the resolution set out

at item no 9 for the consent of the shareholders by ordinary resolution

for payment of Commission upto 1% of profit to the NEDs.

NEDs and their relatives may be deemed to be concerned or interested

in this resolution to the extent of the remuneration that may be

received by them. Save and except the above, none of the other

Directors, Key Managerial Personnel or their respective relatives are,

in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the

Resolution set out at Item No. 9.

DETAILS OF THE DIRECTORS SEEKING APPOINTMENT/REAPPOINTMENT AT THE FORTCOMING ANNUAL

GENERAL MEETING

(In pursuance of Regulation 36 of The SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulation, 2015 and

Secretarial Standard 2 on General Meetings)

Name of the Director

Mr. Gautam Dalmia

Mr. Puneet Yadu Dalmia

Director Identification Number

00009758

00022633

Date of Birth

16-01-1968

15-10-1972

Date of Appointment

15-10-2018 as a Non- Executive Director and Change in

Designation as a: Managing Director w.e.f. 30-10-2018,

proposed reappointment is from 30-10-2023.

15-10-2018 as a Non- Executive Director and Change in

Designation as a Managing Director w.e.f. 30-10-2018,

proposed reappointment is from 30-10-2023.

Qualification

B.S. and M.S. degrees in Electrical Engineering

B Tech from IIT Delhi and PG DBA from IIM Bangalore

Experience

&

Expertise

in

specific functional area

He has around three decades of experience in the cement and

sugar industries.

He has around two and a half decades of experience

in cement industry having started his career as the co-

founder and

Managing Director

2.

Mr. Puneet Yadu Dalmia,: Managing Director & Chief

Executive Officer

3.

Mr. Dharmender Tuteja, Chief Financial Officer

4.

Mr. Rajeev Kumar, Company Secretary

III. Declaration of Independence from Independent

Directors:

Your Company has received declarations from all the

Independent Directors confirming that they meet with the

criteria of independence as prescribed under Section 149(6)

of the Companies Act, 2013 and under Regulation 16 (1) (b) of

the Listing Regulations and they have registered their names

in the Independent Director’s Databank. Further, pursuant to

Section 164(2) of the Companies Act, 2013, all the Directors

have provided declarations in Form DIR- 8 that they have not

been disqualified to act as a Director.

In the opinion of the Board, Independent Directors fulfil the

conditions specified in the Companies Act, 2013 read with the

Schedules and Rules issued thereunder as well as under Listing

Regulations and are independent from Management.

COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD

In order to adhere to the best corporate governance practices,

to effectively discharge its functions and responsibilities and in

compliance with the requirements of applicable laws, your Board

has constituted several Committees of the Board namely (a) Audit

Committee (b) Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee (c) Nomination

and Remuneration Committee (d) Corporate Social Responsibility

Committee and (e) Risk Management Committee

The details with respect to the compositions, number of meetings

held during the financial year 2022-23 and attendance of the

members, powers, terms of reference and other related matters

of the Committees are given in detail in the Corporate Governance

Report which forms part of the Annual Report.

Apart from above, the Board constitutes several operational

committees from time to time.

NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION POLICY

The Nomination and Remuneration Policy of the Company lays down

the constitution and role of the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee. The policy has been framed with the objective –

(a)

To formulate the criteria for determining qualifications,

competencies, positive attributes and independence for

appointment of Directors of the Company;

(b)

to ensure that appointment of directors, key managerial

personnel and senior managerial personnel and their removals

are in compliance with the applicable provisions of the Act and

the Listing Regulations;

(c)

to set out criteria for the evaluation of performance and

remuneration of directors, key managerial personnel and senior

managerial personnel;

(d)

to recommend policy relating to the remuneration of Directors,

KMPs and Senior Management Personnel to the Board of

Directors to ensure:

(i)

The level and composition of remuneration is reasonable

and sufficient to attract, retain and motivate directors and

employees to effectively and qualitatively discharge their

responsibilities;

(ii)

Relationship of remuneration to performance is clear and

meets appropriate performance benchmarks;

(iii) Align the growth of the Company and development of

employees and accelerate the performance;

(iv) to adopt best practices to attract and retain talent by the

Company; and

The policy specifies the manner of effective evaluation of

performance of Board, its Committees and individual Directors

to be carried out either by the Board, by the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee or by an independent external agency

and review its implementation and compliance. The Nomination

and Remuneration policy of the Company can be accessed at

https://www.dalmiacement.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/2.-

DBL-Nomination-and-Remuneration-Policy.pdf

ANNUAL EVALUATION OF BOARD PERFORMANCE

AND PERFORMANCE OF ITS COMMITTEES AND OF

DIRECTORS

Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and Listing

Regulations, the Board has carried out annual evaluation of (i) its own

performance; (ii) Individual Directors Performance; (iii) performance

of

Managing Director or Whole Time Director

and CEO of the Company, received any remuneration or commission,

except sitting fees for attending meetings and Mr. Yadu Hari Dalmia

as Advisor, from the Subsidiary Company of your Company.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

In compliance with the provisions of Listing Regulations a separate

report on the Corporate Governance for the financial year 2022-23

forms an integral part of this Annual Report. The requisite certificate

from Mr. R Venkatasubramanian, Secretarial Auditor of the Company

confirming compliance with the conditions of Corporate Governance

and from Secretarial Auditor that none of the Directors of the

Company has been debarred or disqualified from being appointed

or continuing as Director of the Company by Securities and Exchange

Board of India/Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such authority is

also attached to the Corporate Governance Report.

BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY AND SUSTAINABILITY

REPORT

The Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (BRSR), as

stipulated under Regulation 34 (2) (f) of the Listing Regulations,

describing the initiatives taken by the Company from environment,

social and governance perspective forms part of the Annual Report

prepared as per Integrated Reporting framework.

CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL

During the year under review, the Company has allotted 1,11,688

equity shares of `2/- each as ESOP to the eligible employees in

accordance with DBL ESOP Scheme 2018. Post such allotment of

shares, the Issued, Subscribed and Paid up equity share capital of

the Company is `37.49 crore constituting of 18,74,80,361 equity

shares of `2/- each.

EMPLOYEES’ STOCK OPTION SCHEME

In terms of the Scheme of arrangement and amalgamation amongst

Odisha Cement Limited (“ODCL” or “Company”), Dalmia Bharat

Limited (“DBL”) and Dalmia Cement (Bharat) Limited (“DCBL”) and their

respective shareholders and creditors, the Company has adopted the

DBEL ESOP Scheme 2011 with a new name i e “DBL ESOP Scheme 2018”

with the same terms and conditions. During the year under review,

there has been no material change in the ”DBL ESOP Scheme 2018”

of the Company and the Scheme continue to be in compliance with

relevant/applicable ESOP Regulations.

Further the details required to be provided under the SEBI (Share Based

Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014 are disclosed on the website

of the Company and can be accessed on the Company’s website at

https://www.dalmiacement.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/DBL-

ESOP-Disclosure-as-on-March-31-2023.pdf

A certificate from the Secretarial Auditor of the Company certifying

that the DBL ESOP Scheme 2018 has been implemented in accordance

with the SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014 and

in accordance with the Shareholder’s resolution will be made available

electronically for inspection by the members during the AGM.

ANNUAL RETURN

As required under Section 92(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 read

with the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014

as amended from time to time, the Annual Return of the Company

as on 31st March, 2023 is available on the Company’s website at

https://www.dalmiacement.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/

DBL-Annual-Return-2022-2023.pdf

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR)

The Group has been following the concept of giving back and sharing

with the under privileged sections of the society for more than eight

decades. The CSR of the Group is based on the principal of Gandhian

Trusteeship. For over eight decades, the Group has addressed the

issues of health care and sanitation, education, rural development,

women empowerment and other social development issues. The

prime objective of our CSR policy is to hasten social, economic

and environmental progress. We remain focused on generating

systematic and sustainable improvement for local communities

surrounding our plants and project sites.

The Board of Directors of your Company has formulated and

adopted a policy on CSR. The said policy was revised during the year

keeping in view the changes in related provisions. The said policy

can be accessed at: https://www.dalmiacement.com/wp-content/

uploads/2022/09/Corporate-Social-Responsibility-Policy.pdf

During the year under review, the Company has spent an aggregate

amount of `2.58 Crore towards CSR activities as against the spending

requirement of `96.83 lakhs, being 2% of average net profit. As a

result, the excess amount spent would be carried forward for set

off in next financial year(s).

The annual report on CSR activities containing composition of CSR

committee and disclosure as per Rule 8 of the Companies (Corporate

Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 is attached and marked as

Annexure – 3 and forms part of this report.

On consolidated basis the Group has spent `17.50 crore in FY 2022-23

towards CSR.

Please refer to CSR Report and Social and Relationship Capital

section in the IR for further details.

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTION POLICY AND

TRANSACTIONS

All contracts / arrangements / transactions entered by the Company

during the financial year with related parties were in its ordinary

course of business and on an arm’s length basis.

During the year, the Company had not entered into any contract

/ arrangement / transaction with related parties which could be

considered material in accordance with the policy of the Company

on materiality of related party transactions or which is required to be

reported in Form No. AOC-2 in terms of Section 134(3)(h) read with

Section 188 of the Act and Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts)

Rules, 2014.

Related Party Transactions are placed before the Audit Committee

for prior approval. Prior omnibus approval of the Audit Committee is

obtained for the transactions which are repetitive in nature.

There are no materially significant Related Party Transactions entered

into by the Company during the year that required shareholders’

approval under Regulation 23 of the Listing Regulations.

In compliance with the requirements of the Companies Act,

2013 and Listing Regulations, your Company has formulated a

Policy on Related Party Transactions. The said policy was revised

during the year to align it with the amendments in the Listing

Regulations. The said policy is available on Company’s website at

https://www.dalmiacement.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/09/

Policy-on-Related-Party-Transactions.pdf

RISK MANAGEMENT

Your Company has an elaborate Risk Management Framework, which

is designed to enable risks to be identified, assessed and mitigated

appropriately. Your Company monitors, manages and reports on

the principal risks and uncertainties that can impact its ability to

achieve its strategic objectives. Your Company has Risk Management

Committee which monitors and reviews the risk management plan

/ process. The Company has also appointed a Chief Risk Officer and

has adequate risk management procedures in place. The major risks

are assessed through a systemic procedure of risk identification

and classification. Risks are prioritised according to significance and

likelihood.

The Risk Management Committee oversees the risk management

processes with respect to all probable risks that the organisation

could face such as strategic, financial, liquidity, security including

cyber security, regulatory, legal, reputational and other risks. The

Committee ensures that there is a sound Risk Management Policy to

address such risks. There are no elements of risk which in the opinion

of the Board may threaten the existence of the Company. The details

of the Risk Management Committee are given in the Corporate

Governance Report which forms integral part of this Annual Report.

ADEQUACY OF INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS

Your Company has in place adequate internal financial control

systems commensurate with the size of operations. The policies

and procedures adopted by your Company ensures the orderly and

efficient conduct of business, safeguarding of assets, prevention

and detection of frauds and errors, adequacy and completeness of

the accounting records, and timely preparation of reliable financial

information. The entire system is complemented by Internal audit

conducted by reputed external firm of Chartered Accountants on

selected functions such as Human Resource, Logistics, material

movement, legal Compliances, SAP – IT ERP system and IT general

controls.

The internal auditors of the Company conduct regular internal audits

as per approved plan and the Audit Committee reviews periodically

148

149

Building a Sustainable Future

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Dalmia Bharat Limited

Introducing

Dalmia Bharat

Value Creation

Approach

Capital-wise

Performance

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

Other

Disclosures:

Managing Director

20.64

84.68

1.42

Mr. Puneet Yadu Dalmia: Managing

Managing Director(s) of the Company for a period of five years.

1.

BRIEF OUTLINE ON CSR POLICY OF THE

COMPANY.

The vision of our company, Dalmia Bharat Limited (“Company”)

is to unleash the potential of everyone we touch. As we seek

to do that, we aim at sustainable and inclusive growth, by

making definitive triple bottom-line (social, economic and

environmental) impact. While we have always had a strong

commitment to comply with the law, we seldom hesitate to

go beyond the limits laid under law and put in an extra effort

to achieve the status of a responsible corporate citizen in tune

with the Dalmia Group’s values. Aiming at creating shared

values for all stakeholders, we seek to integrate corporate

social responsibility (“CSR”) into our businesses processes.

In compliance with the provisions of section 135 of the

Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) including Schedule VII thereof,

and the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy)

Rules, 2014 (“Rules”), the Company shall undertake its CSR

activities, projects, programmes (either new or ongoing) in

a manner compliant with the Act and the Rules (“Projects”).

Our approach towards CSR is based on our Company’s core

values, which include fostering inclusive growth by sharing

some of the wealth we create with the society at large. CSR

has always been and shall always be an integral and strategic

part of our business process. It is a vital constituent of our

Company’s commitment to sustainability. True to the spirit of

our vision, we strive to utilise the potential of human and natural

capital around us in a manner that facilitates social, economic

and environmental progress. The main objective of this Policy

is to lay down guidelines for the Company to make CSR a key

business process for sustainable development of the society.

The Company aims to be a good corporate citizen by subscribing

to the principles of integrating its economic, environmental and

social objectives, and effectively utilising its own resources

towards improving the quality of life and building capacities of

the local communities and society at large.

2.

COMPOSITION OF THE CSR COMMITTEE.

As per the Companies Act, 2013, the Company has constituted CSR Committee consisting of following directors:

Sl

No.

Name of Director

Designation/Nature of Directorship

Number of meetings of CSR

Committee held during the year

Number of meetings of CSR

Committee attended during the year

1.

Mrs. Sudha Pillai

Chairman, Independent Director

One

One

2.

Mr. V. S. Jain

Independent Director

One

One

3.

Mr. Y. H. Dalmia

Executive Director, Member

One

One

4.

Mr. Gautam Dalmia

Non-Executive Director, Member

One

One

3.

Provide the web-link where Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by the board are disclosed on

the website of the company.

https://www.dalmiacement.com/investor/dalmia-bharat-limited/

4.

Provide the executive summary along with the web-link(s) of Impact Assessment of CSR Project carried out in pursuance of sub-

rule(3) of rule 8, if applicable.

N.A.

5.

(a)

Average net profit of the Company as per sub-section (5) of Section 135.

`48,41,26,667

(b)

Two percent of average net profit of the Company as per sub-section (5) of Section 135.

`96,82,533

(c)

Surplus arising out of the CSR Projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years.

NIL

(d)

Amount required to be set-off for the financial year, if any

(`19,32,427)

(e)

Total CSR obligation for the financial year [(b)+(c)-d)]

`77,50,106

6.

(a)

Amount spent on CSR Projects (both Ongoing Project and other than Ongoing Project)

`2,57,78,131/-

(b)

Amount spent in Administrative Overheads

` NIL

(c)

Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable

` NIL

(d)

Total amount spent for the Financial Year [(a)+(b)+(c)].

`2,57,78,131/-

Annexure - 3

ANNUAL REPORT ON CSR ACTIVITIES

For the financial year ended March 31, 2023

156

157

Building a Sustainable Future

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Dalmia Bharat Limited

Introducing

Dalmia Bharat

Value Creation

Approach

Capital-wise

Performance

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

Other

Disclosures:

Managing Director

Chairperson CSR Committee

DIN: 00009758

To

The Members,

Dalmia Bharat Limited

I have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance of

applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate

practices by Dalmia Bharat Limited (herein after called the Company).

Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that provided me a

reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts / statutory

compliances and expressing my opinion thereon.

Based on my verification of the Company’s books, papers, minute

books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the

Company and also the information provided to me digitally by the

Company, its officers, agents and authorised representatives during

the conduct of Secretarial Audit, I hereby report that in my opinion,

the Company has, during the audit period covering the financial year

ended on 31.03.2023 complied with the statutory provisions listed

here under and also that the Company has proper Board – processes

and compliance-mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner

and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:

I have examined the digital copies of books, papers, minute books,

forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the

Company for the financial year ended 31.03.2023 made available to

me by email/online mode according to the provisions of:

(i)

The Companies Act, 2013 (The Act) and the rules made

thereunder;

(ii)

The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) and

the rules made there under;

(iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws

framed thereunder;

(iv) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and

regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign Direct

Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and the External

Commercial Borrowings;

(v)

The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the

Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (‘SEBI Act’):-

a)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial

Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;

b)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition

of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;

c)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of

Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018;

d)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and

Listing of Debt Securities) Regulations, 2008; (Not

Applicable as the Company has not issued and listed any

debt securities during the financial year under review)

e)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars

to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 1993

regarding the Companies Act and dealing with client; (Not

Applicable as the Company is not registered as Registrar

to an issue and Share Transfer Agent during the financial

year under review)

f)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of

Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021;(Not Applicable as there

was no reportable event during the period under review)

and

g)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy Back of

Securities) Regulations, 2018;(Not Applicable as there was

no reportable event during the period under review)

h)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations,2015;

i)

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based

Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations,2021;

j)

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing

of Non- Convertible and Redeemable Preference Shares)

Regulations,2021; (Not Applicable as there was no

reportable event during the period under review)

(vi) And other applicable laws like Factories Act, 1948, Employees

State Insurance Act, 1948, Minimum Wages Act, 1948,The

Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972, Workmen Compensation Act,

1923 etc

We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of

the following:

(1)

Secretarial Standards with regards to Meeting of Board of

Directors (SS-1) and General Meetings (SS-2) issued by the

Institute of Company Secretaries of India.

(2)

Listing Agreement entered into by the Company with Bombay

Stock Exchange and National Stock Exchange.

During the period under review the Company has complied with the

provisions of the Act, rules, regulations, guidelines, standards etc.

mentioned above;

I further report that:

The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with

proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors and

Independent Directors. The changes in the composition of the Board

of Directors that took place during the period under review were

carried out in compliance with the provisions of the Act.

Annexure - 4

FORM NO MR 3

SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

For the Financial Year Ended 31.03.2023

(Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act 2013, and Rule No. 9 of the Companies

(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014)

158

159

Building a Sustainable Future

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Dalmia Bharat Limited

Introducing

Dalmia Bharat

Value Creation

Approach

Capital-wise

Performance

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

Other

Disclosures:

letter of even date which is annexed

as Annexure–A and forms an integral part of this report.

ANNEXURE – A

To

The Members

Dalmia Cement (Bharat) Limited

My report of even date is to be read along with this: letter:

1.

Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the

management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express

an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

I have followed the audit practices and processes as were

appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The

verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts

are reflected in secretarial records. I believe that the processes

and practices, I followed, provide a reasonable basis for my

opinion.

3.

I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of

financial records and book of accounts of the Company.

4.

Where ever required, I have obtained the Management

representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other

applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the

responsibility of management. My examination was limited to

the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the

future viability of the company nor the efficacy or effectiveness

with which the management has conducted the affairs of the

company.

R.Venkatasubramanian

Practising Company Secretary

Place: Angarai

ACS No. 3673; CP No. 3893

Date: 26.05.2023

UDIN: A003673E000393568

FORM NO MR 3

SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

For the Financial Year Ended 31.03.2023

(Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act 2013, and Rule No. 9 of the Companies

(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014)

Secretarial Audit Report of Dalmia Cement (Bharat) Limited (unlisted material subsidiary)

To

The Members,

Dalmia Cement (Bharat) Limited.

I have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance of applicable

statutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate practices

by Dalmia Cement (Bharat) Limited (herein after called the Company).

Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that provided me a

reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory

compliances and expressing my opinion thereon.

Based on my verification of the Dalmia Cement(Bharat)

Limited’sbooks, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and

other records maintained by the Company and also the information

provided to me digitally by the Company, its officers, agents and

authorised representatives during the conduct of Secretarial Audit, I

hereby report that in my opinion, the company has, during the audit

period covering the financial year ended on 31.03.2023 complied

with the statutory provisions listed here under and also that the

Company has proper Board – processes and compliance-mechanism

in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting

made hereinafter:

I have examined the digital copies of books, papers, minute books,

forms and returns filed and other records maintained by Dalmia

Cement(Bharat) Limited for the financial year ended 31.03.2023 to

the extent made available to me by e mail/online mode according

to the provisions of:

(i)

The Companies Act, 2013 (The Act) and the rules made

thereunder;

(ii)

The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) and

the rules made thereunder;

(iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws

framed thereunder;

(iv) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and

regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign Direct

Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and the External

Commercial Borrowings;

(v)

The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the

Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (‘SEBI Act’) :-

a)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial

Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;

b)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition

of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;

c)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of

Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018;

(Not applicable during the year)

d)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and

Listing of Debt Securities) Regulations, 2008;

e)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars

to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 1993

regarding the Companies Act and dealing with client; (Not

Applicable as the Company is not registered as Registrar

to an issue and Share Transfer Agent during the financial

year under review)

f)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of

Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021;(Not Applicable as there

was no reportable event during the period under review)

and

g)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy Back of

Securities) Regulations, 2018; (Not Applicable as there

was no reportable event during the period under review)

h)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations,2021;

i)

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based

Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations,2021;

j)

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing

of Non- Convertible Securities) Regulations,2021;

(vi) And other applicable laws like Factories Act, 1948, Employees

State Insurance Act, 1948, Minimum Wages Act, 1948, The

Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972, Workmen Compensation Act,

1923 etc.

I have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the

following:

(1)

Secretarial Standards with regards to Meeting of Board of

letter of even date which is annexed

as Annexure–Aand forms an integral part of this report

ANNEXURE – A

To

The Members

Dalmia Bharat Limited

My report of even date is to be read along with this: letter:

1.

Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the

management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express

an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

I have followed the audit practices and processes as were

appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The

verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts

are reflected in secretarial records. I believe that the processes

and practices, I followed, provide a reasonable basis for my

opinion.

3.

I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of

financial records and book of accounts of the Company.

4.

Where ever required, I have obtained the Management

representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other

applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the

responsibility of management. My examination was limited to

the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the

future viability of the company nor the efficacy or effectiveness

with which the management has conducted the affairs of the

company.

R.Venkatasubramanian

Practising Company Secretary

Place:

Angarai

ACS No. 3673; CP No. 3893

Date:

26.05.2023

UDIN: A003673E000393568

FORM NO. MR-3

SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

(For the Financial Year Ended 31st March, 2023)

[Pursuant to section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rule No. 9 of the Companies

(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel)

Secretarial Audit Report of Dalmia Cement (North East) Limited

(formerly known as Calcom Cement India Limited) (unlisted material subsidiary)

To,

The Members,

CALCOM CEMENT INDIA LIMITED

3rd & 4th Floor, Anil Plaza-II, ABC,

G.S. Road, Guwahati – 781005 (Assam)

We have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance of

applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate

practices by Calcom Cement India Limited, (hereinafter called “the

Company”). Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that

provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/

statutory compliances and expressing our opinion thereon.

Based on our verification of the Company’s books, papers, minute

books, e-Forms, and returns filed, and other records maintained by

the Company, and also the information provided by the Company, its

officers, agents and authorised representatives during the conduct of

secretarial audit. We hereby report that in our opinion, the company

has, during the audit period covering the financial year ended on

31st March, 2023 complied with the statutory provisions listed

hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board-processes

and compliance-mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner

and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:

We have examined the books, papers, minute books, e-Forms and

returns filed and other records maintained by Calcom Cement India

Limited (“the Company”) for the financial year ended on 31st March,

2023 according to the provisions of:

1)

The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the rules made

thereunder;

2)

The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) and the

rules made thereunder;

3)

The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws

framed thereunder;

4)

Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules

and regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign

Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External

Commercial Borrowings;

5)

The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the

Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (‘SEBI Act’):-

a)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial

Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;

b)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition

of Insider Trading) Regulations, 1992;

c)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of

Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2009;

d)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Employee

Stock Option Scheme and Employee Stock Purchase

Scheme) Guidelines, 1999;

e)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and

Listing of Debt Securities) Regulations, 2008;

f)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars

to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 1993

regarding the Companies Act and dealing with client;

g)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of

Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009; and

h)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of

Securities) Regulations, 1998;

6)

As per our discussion with the management and based on

the compliance certificates placed before the Board by the

respective head of the departments in respect of the following

other Acts:

• Industries (Development and Regulation) Act, 1951

• Factories Act, 1948,

• Employees Provident and Miscellaneous Provisions Act,

1952,

• Employees State Insurance Act, 1948,

• Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972,

• Minimum Wages Act, 1948,

• Workmen Compensation Act, 1923, and

• Industrial Employment Standing Orders Act, 1946.

Which are applicable to the Company, necessary compliances

have been made by the Company during the year under report.

We have also examined the compliances with the applicable clauses

of the following:

1)

Secretarial Standards I & II as issued by The Institute of

Company Secretaries of India.

2)

Since the Company is closely held public limited company,

provisions of the Listing Agreements are not applicable to the

Company hence we have not examined these.

162

163

Building a Sustainable Future

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Dalmia Bharat Limited

Introducing

Dalmia Bharat

Value Creation

Approach

Capital-wise

Performance

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

Other

Disclosures

letter of event date which is

annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this report.

ANNEXURE – A

To,

The Members,

CALCOM CEMENT INDIA LIMITED

3rd & 4th Floor, Anil Plaza-II, ABC,

G.S. Road, Guwahati – 781005 (Assam)

Our report of even date is to be read along with this: letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the

management of the company. Our responsibility is to express

an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as

were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The

verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct

facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the

processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable

basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness

of financial records, Books of Accounts of the company and

Direct and Indirect Tax Laws as the same have been subject

to review by the Statutory Auditor and any other designated

professional.

4.

Where ever required, we have obtained the Management

representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other

applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the

responsibility of management. Our examination was limited

to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to

the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the

affairs of the company.

Signature:

Vikas Gera & Associates

Place:

Delhi

Company Secretaries

Date:

22/04/2023

FCS No. 5248

UDIN:

F005248E000145476

C P No.: 4500

Corporate Governance Report

(I) COMPANY’S PHILOSOPHY ON CORPORATE

GOVERNANCE

Dalmia’s history and its culture have been founded on the

principle that strong governance makes sound business sense.

Our reputation has been built on our resolve to maintain

the highest ethical and professional standards at all times,

underpinned by a well-defined and effective system of

governance.

Corporate governance is based on principles such as conducting

the business with integrity, fairness and transparency with

regard to all transactions, making all the necessary disclosures

and decisions in compliance with the laws of the land,

accountability and responsibility towards the stakeholders and

commitment to conduct business in an ethical manner.

We have blended growth and efficiency with governance

and ethics. Our Board of Directors, guided by the mission

statement, formulate strategies and policies having focus on

optimising value for all our stakeholders.

Dalmia Bharat Group represents modern India which has a blend

of traditional Indian values such as Integrity, Trust, Respect,

Humility & Commitment and an aggressive performance

driven culture. We inculcate an operational work behaviour of

Speed, Learning, Teamwork & Excellence to complement the

performance culture.

This report along with the Management Discussion and Analysis

report complies with the Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 (“Listing Regulations”).

(II) BOARD OF DIRECTORS

(a) Size and Composition of the Board

Our Board composition comprises of experts in various domains

such as management, corporate governance, industries, human

resources, legal and compliances, finance and accounts. Our

Board has an appropriate mix of Executive, Non-Executive and

Independent Director(s) to maintain its independence, and

separate its functions of governance and management. As on

March 31, 2023 our Board comprised of Seven Directors out

of which five are Non- Executive Directors comprising of three

Independent Directors (including one Independent Woman

Director) and two Executive Directors. The

Managing Director)

Dalmia Bharat Sugar and Industries Limited

5

3

0

Indian Energy Exchange Limited

Mr. Puneet Yadu Dalmia

(: Managing Director)

SRF Limited

3

0

0

Piramal Enterprises Limited

Piramal Capital & Housing Finance Limited

Non-Executive and Independent Directors,

Non-Executive Directors,

Executive Directors

1.

Excluding directorships in Private Limited Companies, Foreign Companies and Section 8 Companies under the provision of the

Companies Act, 2013;

2.

As required by Regulation 26 of the Listing Regulations, the disclosure includes membership / chairpersonship of the audit committee

and stakeholder’s relationship committee in Indian public companies (listed and unlisted);

3.

None of the Directors (i) hold membership in more than ten public limited companies; (ii) is a member of more than ten committees

or chairperson of more than five committees across all the public companies in which he/she is a Director;(iii) hold directorship in

more than seven listed companies and serve as an independent director in more than seven listed companies; and (iv) hold position

of independent director in more than three listed entities while serving as managing director or whole time director in a listed entity.

None of the Directors have been debarred or disqualified from being

appointed or continuing as Director of companies by Securities and

Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) /Ministry of Corporate Affairs

(“MCA”) or any such statutory authority. A certificate in this regard

by Mr. R. Venkatasubramanian, Practicing Company Secretary, the

Secretarial Auditor of the Company, is attached and forms part of

this report.

(b) Board Meetings

During the year under review, the Board meeting(s) of the

Company are held both through Video Conferencing (‘VC’)

/ Other Audio Visual Means (‘OAVM’) as well as physically

in compliance with the circulars issued by MCA / SEBI. The

Board usually meets at least once in a quarter and the Board

meeting is requisitioned whenever it is required in between the

quarterly meetings.

During the financial year 2022-23, the Board of Directors met

six (6) times, i.e., on May 9, 2022, June 16, 2022, August 4, 2022,

November 2, 2022, December 12, 2022 and February 4, 2023.

As per the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Listing

Regulations, the required quorum for every meeting of

the Board of Directors is one third of its total strength or

three Directors, whichever is higher, including at least one

Independent Director. The requisite quorum was present in

the said meetings.

The details of the attendance of Directors at the Board Meetings

and Annual General Meeting and Shares held are provided in

below Table 2.

Table 2: Attendance at the Board Meetings and Annual General Meeting and number of shares held during financial

year 2022-23

Name of the Director

Annual

General

Meeting

Number of Board Meetings held and attended

Held

during

tenure

Attended

% of

attendance

Number

of shares

held

in the

Company

1

2

3

4

5

6

Mr. Pradip Kumar Khaitan

6

6

100%

Nil

Mr. Yadu Hari Dalmia

X

6

5

83%

Nil

Mr. Gautam Dalmia

X

6

5

83%

1

Mr. Puneet Yadu Dalmia

X

6

5

83%

Nil

Mr. Virendra Singh Jain

6

6

100%

Nil

Mrs. Sudha Pillai

6

6

100%

Nil

Dr. Niddodi Subrao Rajan

X

6

5

83%

17405

-Attended

X- Leave of Absence

In Compliance with the Secretarial Standards, the draft minutes

of the Board and Committee meetings were circulated to the

Directors for their comments within a period of 15 days from the

date of respective meeting(s) and entered in the minutes books after

incorporation of their comments, if any, within a period of 30 days

from the date of the respective meeting(s).

(c) Meeting of Independent Directors and familiarisation

programmes

The Independent Directors of the Company met once during the

financial year on February 3, 2023 without the presence of Non-

Independent Director(s) and members of the management.

The Independent Directors, inter-alia, reviewed the

performance of Non-Independent Directors and the Board as

a whole, reviewed the performance of the

Managing Director(s), the

appointment may be terminated by either party by giving three

months’ notice. There is no provision for severance fee in case of

termination.

During the year, 1,11,688 stock options were vested and exercised

by the eligible employees of the Company / subsidiary as per DBL

ESOP Scheme 2018. No stock options were vested in favour of any

independent director of the Company.

(e) Code of Conduct for the Directors and Senior

Management of the Company

The Company’s Board has laid down a code of conduct for

all the Board members and designated senior management

of the Company. The Code of Conduct includes the code of

conduct for Independent Directors and provides in detail

the guidelines of professional conduct, role and functions

and duties of Independent Directors. The Code of Conduct

is available on the website of the Company at https://www.

dalmiacement.com/wp-content/themes/DalmiaCement/

assets/pdf/dbl-industries/Code-of-Conduct.pdf. All Board

members and senior management personnel have affirmed

compliance with the Code of Conduct. A declaration signed by

the Chief Executive Officer to this effect is annexed at the end

of this report.

(f)

CEO/ CFO certification

The CEO and CFO certification of the financial statements for

the financial year 2022-23 is annexed at the end of this report.

(g) Board Skill Matrix:

The Board of the Company comprises of eminent personalities

and leaders in their respective fields. These Directors are

nominated based on well-defined selection criteria. The Board

and Nomination and Remuneration Committee considers, inter

alia, key qualifications, skills, expertise and competencies,

whilst recommending candidates for election as a Director

on the Board. The criteria for appointment to the Board also

includes:

• size of the Board with optimal balance of skills and

experience and balance of Executive and Non-Executive

Directors consistent with the requirements of law;

• professional qualifications, expertise and experience in

specific area of relevance to the Company;

• desired age and diversity on the Board;

• balance of skills and expertise in view of the objectives and

activities of the Company;

• personal characteristics being in line with the Company’s

values, such as integrity, honesty, transparency, pioneering

mindset.

The Board and Nomination and Remuneration Committee ensures

that the candidates identified for appointment as Directors are not

disqualified for appointment under Section 164 and other applicable

provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.

In the opinion of the Board and the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the following is a list of core skills /expertise / competencies

required in the context of the Company’s business and which are available with the Board:

S.

No

Experience, Expertise and Attribute

Description

1

Leadership Experience

Strong management and leadership experience in leading well-governed large

organisation in the areas of business development, strategic planning and

mergers & acquisitions and have visionary with strategic goal for the Company

to identify possible road maps, inspire and motivate the strategy, approach,

processes and other such key deliverables and mentor the leadership team to

channelise its energy/efforts in appropriate direction and thought to be a leader

and a role model in good governance and ethical conduct of business, while

encouraging the organisation to maximise stakeholders value having hands on

experience of leading an entity at the highest level.

2

Industry knowledge and experience

In depth knowledge in businesses in which the Company participates viz.

Cement, Power, Refractory and Management Consultancy and such other areas

as appropriate for betterment of Company’s business.

3

Experience and Exposure in policy shaping and

industry advocacy

Ability to develop professional relationship with the Policy makers and Regulators

for contributing to the shaping of Government policies in the areas of Company’s

business.

4

Governance including legal compliance

Experience in developing and implementing good corporate governance

practices, maintaining accountability of Board and its management, managing

stakeholders interest and responsibility towards customers, employees,

suppliers, regulatory bodies etc. to support the Company’s legal compliance

systems and governance policies/practices.

5

Expertise/ Experience in Finance & Accounts / Audit

/ Risk Management areas

Knowledge and skills in accounting and finance, business judgment, general

management practices and processes, crisis response and management,

industry knowledge, macro- economic perspectives, human resources, labour

laws, international markets, sales and marketing, and risk management.

Given below is a list of core skills, expertise and competencies of the individual Directors:

Name of the Director(s)

Skills/Expertise/Competencies

Leadership

Experience

Industry

knowledge and

experience

Experience and

Exposure in policy

shaping and

industry advocacy

Governance

including legal

compliance

Expertise/

Experience

in Finance &

Accounts / Audit /

Risk Management

areas

Mr. Pradip Kumar Khaitan

√

--

√

√

√

Mr. Yadu Hari Dalmia

√

√

--

--

√

Mr. Gautam Dalmia

√

√

--

--

√

Mr. Puneet Yadu Dalmia

√

√

--

--

√

Mr. Virendra Singh Jain

√

--

--

√

√

Mrs. Sudha Pillai

√

--

√

√

√

Dr. Niddodi Subrao Rajan

√

--

--

√

√

(III) COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

OF THE COMPANY

(a) Composition of Committees, their meetings and

attendance

The Board of Directors of the Company has five (5) Board level

Committees as on March 31, 2023, namely Audit Committee,

Nomination and Remuneration Committee, Stakeholders’

Relationship Committee, Corporate Social Responsibility

Committee, Risk Management Committee. The composition,

constitution and functioning of these Committees meet the

requirements of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Listing

Regulations. The Chairman and members of these Committees

are selected by the Board based on the category of Director(s)

and their expertise, knowledge and experience. The role and

terms of reference of these Committees is approved by the

Board of Directors of the Company. The Company Secretary

acts as Secretary to these Committees. Below Table 4 shows

composition of the Board and Committees:

168

169

Building a Sustainable Future

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Dalmia Bharat Limited

Introducing

Dalmia Bharat

Value Creation

Approach

Capital-wise

Performance

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

Other

Disclosures:

Managing Director & CEO and other

departmental heads attend the meeting whenever required. The

Company Secretary of the Company acts as the Secretary to the Audit

Committee. All the recommendations of the Audit Committee during

the financial year 2022-23 were accepted by the Board of Directors.

All members of the Audit Committee were present at the Annual

General Meeting of the Company held on July 1,2022.

Nomination and Remuneration Committee

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee met two times during the financial year 2022-23 on August 4, 2022 and November 2, 2022.

The composition as well as the terms of reference of the Committee are in line with the requirements of the Companies Act, 2013 and the

Listing Regulations. The attendance details of the Committee meetings are given in below Table 6:

Table 6: Nomination and Remuneration Committee Meeting

Name of the member

Number of Nomination and

Remuneration Committee Meeting

Held during tenure

Attended

% of attendance

1

2

Mrs. Sudha Pillai

2

2

100%

Mr. Pradip Kumar Khaitan

2

2

100%

Dr. Niddodi Subrao Rajan

2

2

100%

- Attended in person X- Leave of absence

The role, powers and terms of reference of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee covers all the areas prescribed under

Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 19(4) of

the Listing Regulations besides other terms as referred by the

Board of Directors from time to time. The role of Nomination and

Remuneration Committee broadly includes the following:

• Formulate criteria for determining qualifications, age, extension

of term, positive attributes and independence of a Director and

recommend to the Board the Nomination and Remuneration Policy.

• Devise a Board diversity policy.

• Formulate criteria for performance evaluation of Directors.

• Identify qualified persons and recommend to the Board of

Directors appointment, remuneration and removal of Directors

and senior management.

• Review Human Resource policies and succession planning.

• Administer, monitor and formulate detailed terms and conditions

of the Employees Stock Option Scheme.

The Head of Human Resource department is invited to the Nomination

and Remuneration Committee meetings as and when desired by the

Committee. The Company Secretary of the Company acts as the

Secretary of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee. All the

recommendations of the committee during the financial year 2022-

23 were accepted by the Board of Directors.

All members of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee were

present at the Annual General Meeting of the Company held on

July 1, 2022.

Performance evaluation criteria –

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee, as part of the

Nomination and Remuneration Policy, has formulated criteria and

specified the manner of effective evaluation of performance of the

Board, its committees and individual directors to be carried out

either by the Board, by the Committee or by an independent external

agency and effective evaluation of performance of key managerial

personnel and senior management; and reviews its implementation

and compliance.

During the financial year 2022-23, the Directors evaluated the

performance of Non-Independent Directors of the Board and post

review of the performance on several criteria including attendance,

participation at the meetings, qualification, experience, etc., found

that their overall performance was good. The Directors appreciated

the executive management for its receptiveness to the calls for

strong corporate governance, internal controls and compliances.

Further, the performance evaluation of Independent Directors was

done by the entire Board excluding the Directors being evaluated.

Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee

The Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee met once during the

financial year 2022-23 on February 3, 2023. The composition of

the Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee as well as its terms of

reference are in line with the requirements of the Companies Act,

2013 and the Listing Regulations. The attendance details of the

Committee meeting are given in below Table 7:

Table 7: Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee Meeting

Name of the member

Number of Stakeholders’

Relationship Committee Meeting

Held during tenure

Attended

% of attendance

1

Mr. Virendra Singh Jain

1

1

100%

Mr. Yadu Hari Dalmia

1

1

100%

Mr. Gautam Dalmia

X

1

0

00%

- Attended X- Leave of absence

170

171

Building a Sustainable Future

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Dalmia Bharat Limited

Introducing

Dalmia Bharat

Value Creation

Approach

Capital-wise

Performance

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

Other

Disclosures:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

DIN : 00022633

Declaration on code of conduct

182

183

Building a Sustainable Future

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Dalmia Bharat Limited

Introducing

Dalmia Bharat

Value Creation

Approach

Capital-wise

Performance

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

Other

Disclosures:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

DIN : 00022633

CEO CFO Annual Certificate

Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (BRSR)

The SEBI vide circular no SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD-2/P/CIR/2021/562 has mandated the top 1,000 listed companies (by market capitalisation) to

disclose and report the requirements under ESG (Environment, Social and Governance) parameters in the BRSR format from the financial

year 2022-2023 by replacing the existing Business Responsibility Report (BRR). Dalmia Bharat has adopted the BRSR and has been mapping

the ESG information since FY 2021.

SECTION A - GENERAL DISCLOSURES

I.

Details of the listed entity

Corporate Identity number:

L14200TN2013PLC112346

Name of the Listed Entity:

Dalmia Bharat Limited

Year of incorporation:

12-07-2013

Registered office address:

Dalmiapuram, Dist. Tiruchirapalli, Tamil Nadu- 621651

Corporate address:

11th & 12th Floors, Hansalaya Building, 15, Barakhamba Road,

New Delhi-110001

E-mail:

corp.sec@dalmiabharat.com

Telephone:

01123465100

Website:

www.dalmiabharat.com

Financial year for which reporting is being done:

April 01, 2022 to March 31, 2023

Name of the Stock Exchange(s) where shares are listed:

BSE & National Stock exchange of India Limited

Paid-up Capital:

I37.49 crore

Name and contact details (telephone, email address) of the person who

may be contacted in case of any queries on the BRSR report:

Mr. Rajeev Kumar

011-23465100

corp.sec@dalmiabharat.com

Reporting boundary:

Consolidated basis

II.

Products/services

14. Details of business activities (accounting for 90% of the turnover):

S.

No. Description of Main Activity

Description of Business Activity

% of Turnover of

the entity

i

Professional, Scientific and Technical

Management Consultancy services

0.11

ii

Manufacturing

Activity of subsidiary company Dalmia Cement (Bharat) Limited

99.89

15. Products/Services sold by the entity (accounting for 90% of the entity’s Turnover):

S.

No. Product/Service

NIC Code

% of total Turnover

contributed

i

Management services

74140

0.11

ii

OPC and Blended Cements

2523

99.89

III. Operations

16. Number of locations where plants and/or operations/offices of the entity are situated:

Location

Number of plants

Number of offices

Total

National

14

4 (Corporate office and 3 regional)

18

International

0

0

0

17. Markets served by the entity:

a.

Number of locations

Locations

Number

National (No. of states)

10 states

International (No. of countries)

0 countries

184

185

Building a Sustainable Future

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Dalmia Bharat Limited

Introducing

Dalmia Bharat

Value Creation

Approach

Capital-wise

Performance

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

Other

Disclosures:

Managing Director (DIN: 00009758 ) Mr. Dharmender Tuteja, Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Rajeev

Kumar, Company Secretary and Dr. Arvind Madhukar Bodhankar, Head ESG and Chief Risk Officer.

Our policies can be viewed at https://www.dalmiacement.com/investor/dalmia-bharat-limited/

9. Does the entity have a specified

Committee of the Board/ Director

responsible for decision making

on sustainability related issues?

(Yes / No). If yes, provide details.

The business responsibility performance of the Company is assessed by the aforesaid executives. Overall

performance is assessed annually by the Board.

The targets related to environmental KPI such as water reduction in operations, usage of alternative fuels and raw

materials as well as mitigation and management of climate change impacts is part of the KRA of senior management.

The Board reviews the performance against these KRA on quarterly basis.

10. Details of Review of NGRBCs by the Company:

Indicate whether review was undertaken by Director/

Committee of the Board/ Any other Committee

Frequency (Annually/ Half-yearly/ Quarterly/ Any

other – please specify)

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

Performance against above policies

and follow up action

Board Committees

Annually

Compliance with statutory

requirements of relevance to the

principles, and, rectification of any

non-compliances

Board Committees

Quarterly

11. Has the entity carried out

independent assessment/

evaluation of the working of its

policies by an external agency?

(Yes/No). If yes, provide name of

the agency.

Yes, TUV India Private Limited was engaged by Dalmia Bharat Limited (the ‘Company’) to provide independent

assurance on its Integrated Report FY 2022-23 (the ‘Report’) covering the Company’s overall non-financial

performance during the period 1st April 2022 to 31st March 2023. The assurance is of limited type and on the

sample basis as per ISAE 3000 standards .

12. If answer to question (1)

above is “No” i.e. not all

Principles are covered by a

policy, reasons to be stated:

Not Applicable since the policies of the Company cover all Principles on NGRBCs

SECTION C: PRINCIPLE WISE PERFORMANCE DISCLOSURE

Principle 1: Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with integrity in a manner that is Ethical,

Transparent and Accountable

Essential Indicators

1.

Percentage coverage by training and awareness programmes on any of the Principles during the financial year:

Segment

Total number of

training and awareness

programmes held

Topics/ principles covered under the training and its

impact

%age of persons in respective

category covered by the

awareness programmes

Board of Directors

5

• Comprehensive understanding of terms

of reference and scope of each Board

Committees.

• Effectiveness of Board Committees.

• Update on Compliance Structure, Scope of

charging of responsibilities and Regulatory

Risks.

• Update on Sustainability initiatives in Dalmia

Bharat Group.

• Update on regulatory changes including

amendment in CSR Policy Rules;

• Update on SEBI Regulations applicable effective

from April 1, 2023.

• Presentation on cement demand / market and

scope of expansion by acquisition;

• Presentation on opportunity to diversify

regional presence of the Company and

acquisition plan.

• Update on Regulatory Risks/Challenges given

the present competitive environment.

• Update on Compliance Management Solution

across all plants/offices.

• Update on participation of the Company on UN

Climate Change Conference (COP27) initiatives

on climate challenges.

100%

Key Managerial Personnel

2

Same as Board Members

100%

Employees other than BoD and KMPs

92

Code of conduct

90.6%

Workers

4

Code of conduct

6.5%

188

189

Building a Sustainable Future

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Dalmia Bharat Limited

Introducing

Dalmia Bharat

Value Creation

Approach

Capital-wise

Performance

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

Other

Disclosures:

Managing Director,

Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary

before Additional CMM, EO-II, Egmore, Chennai

alleging certain non-compliances under Companies

Act. The said complaints have been challenged

before Chennai High Court by way of petitions

seeking quashing of the same. Court has stayed the

proceedings before Egmore Court.

(2)

RoC had issued four show cause notices against

the Company and its Directors including erstwhile: Managing

Managing Director & CEO: Managing

Managing Director & CEO: Managing

Managing Director & CEO: Managing

Managing Director & CEO,

2

Mr. Gautam Dalmia –: Managing

Director's

sitting

fees:

Director's

sitting

fees:

Managing Director & CEO: Managing

Managing Director & CEO: Managing

Managing Director & CEO: Managing

Managing Director & CEO: Managing

Letter of Intent has been granted by the State, the

recent amendment to Section 10A(2)(b) may not apply. In one of the writ petitions, where Grant Order was issued by the State, the

Karnataka High Court vide its judgment during the current year allowed the petition directing the State Government to execute the mine

development and production agreement and mining lease within six weeks. As a matter of prudence, a provision of I 18 recognised

during the previous year is being carried as at March 31, 2023.

(ii). Details of expenses capitalised and carried forward as a part of capital work in progress are disclosed in note 45.

(iii). Capital work-in-progress ageing schedule

Particulars

Amount in CWIP for a period of

Total

Less than 1 year

1-2 years

2-3 years

More than 3 years *

As at March 31, 2023

- Projects in progress

1,610

205

11

33

1,859

- Project temporarily suspended

-

-

-

-

-

Total

1,610

205

11

33

1,859

As at March 31, 2022

- Projects in progress

949

37

13

35

1,034

- Project temporarily suspended

-

-

-

-

-

Total

949

37

13

35

1,034

* includes I 32 (March 31, 2022: I 30) related to incubation projects.

Note :

Subsequent to the year end, the management of the Group has decided to defer the setting up of its new grinding unit located at Bihar having capacity of 2.5

MnTPA. As of March 31, 2023, the Group is carrying I 68 under CWIP and advanced I 17 for purchase of assets.

(iv). Completion schedule for capital-work-in progress, whose completion is overdue or has exceeded its cost compared to its

original plan

Capital work-in-progress, whose time is overdue

Particulars

To be completed in

Total

Less than 1 year

1-2 years

2-3 years

More than 3 years

As at March 31, 2023

- Projects in progress

Kapilas, Odisha

1

-

-

-

1

Belguam, Karnataka

0

-

-

-

0

Medinipur, West Bengal

0

-

-

-

0

Total*

1

-

-

-

1

As at March 31, 2022

- Projects in progress

Umrangshu, Assam

9

-

-

-

9

Belguam, Karnataka

3

-

-

-

3

Kapilas, Odisha

2

-

-

-

2

Dalmiapuram, Tamil Nadu

0

-

-

-

0

Delhi

0

-

-

-

0

Rajgangpur, Odisha

0

-

-

-

0

Total*

14

-

-

-

14

* comprises projects not considered material at an individual level.

There are no projects which has exceeded its cost compared to its original plan as at March 31, 2023 and as at March 31, 2022.

310

311

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Dalmia Bharat Limited

Building a Sustainable Future

Introducing

Dalmia Bharat

Value Creation

Approach

Capital-wise

Performance

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

Other

Disclosures

310

311

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Dalmia Bharat Limited

Building a Sustainable Future

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

As at and for the year ended March 31, 2023

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

As at and for the year ended March 31, 2023

All amounts stated are in I Crore except wherever stated otherwise

All amounts stated are in I Crore except wherever stated otherwise

Introducing

Dalmia Bharat

Value Creation

Approach

Capital-wise

Performance

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

Other

Disclosures:

letter dated May 29, 2009 for development of coal mine and use of coal for captive mining. DCBL

had invested I 2 in equity shares of Khappa Coal Company Private Limited and given advance against share application money of

I 4. Consequent upon decision of Hon’ble Supreme Court of India for cancellation of coal block vide order dated September 24, 2014,

Group in earlier years had provided for its exposure in its joint venture viz. Khappa Coal Company Private Limited aggregating to

I 6 (March 31, 2022: I 6).

(c)

Pursuant to the order of Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Cuttack Bench approving the reduction of capital of joint venture

company, which is in excess of its funds requirement, the cost of investment of DCBL has been reduced from I 7 to I 1 during the year

ended March 31, 2023. There is no impact in the statement of profit or loss on reduction of such investment.

6.

FINANCIAL ASSETS

(i)

Non-current investments

Particulars

As at

March 31, 2023

As at

March 31, 2022

A. Investment in equity shares

(a) Investment measured at fair value through profit and loss

Unquoted

10,000 (March 31, 2022: 10,000) Shares of I 25/- each fully paid up in Shikshak Sahakari Bank Limited

0

0

200 (March 31, 2022: 200) Shares of I 10/- each fully paid up in Vimla Infrastructure (India) Private

Limited

0

0

(b) Investments measured at fair value through OCI

Quoted

1,48,29,764 (March 31, 2022: 1,48,29,764) Shares of I 2/- each fully paid up in Dalmia Bharat Sugar and

Industries Limited

501

711

Sub-total (A)

501

711

Particulars

As at

March 31, 2023

As at

March 31, 2022

B. Investment in preference shares

Investments measured at fair value through OCI*

Unquoted

62,621 (March 31, 2022: 62,621) Series A1 Compulsorily Convertible Participative Preference Shares of

I 100/- each fully paid up in Freight Commerce Solutions Private Limited

24

26

7,231 (March 31, 2022: 7,231) Series A2 Compulsorily Convertible Participative Preference Shares of

I 100/- each fully paid up in Freight Commerce Solutions Private Limited

2

3

Sub-total (B)

26

29

C. Investment in debentures or bonds

(a) Investment measured at fair value through profit and loss

Tax free bonds (quoted)

2,472 (March 31, 2022 : 2,472) 8.30% NHAI tax free bonds

0

0

Others (unquoted)

Nil (March 31, 2022: 1,188) Units of I Nil (March 31, 2022: I 23,930/-) each fully paid up in Urban

Infrastructure Opportunities Fund

-

1

(b) Others (unquoted) - at amortised cost, unless otherwise stated

12,00,00,000 (March 31, 2022: 12,00,00,000) 10% unsecured redeemable non-convertible debentures

of I 10/- each fully paid up in Hippostores Technology Private Limited (refer note (a) below)

120

120

Less: Reclassified to current investments (refer note 9(i))

(120)

-

-

120

5,900 (March 31, 2022: 5,900) zero coupon optionally redeemable convertible debentures of

I 1,00,000/- each in Saroj Sunrise Private Limited - at cost (refer note (b) below)

59

59

12 (March 31, 2022: 12) 8% non convertible secured debentures of I 100/- each fully paid up in Indian

Chamber of Commerce

0

0

2 (March 31, 2022: 2) 8% non convertible secured debentures of I 25/- each partly paid up in Indian

Chamber of Commerce

0

0

Sub-total (C)

59

180

D. Investment in mutual funds

Investment measured at fair value through profit and loss

Units of debt based schemes of various mutual funds (unquoted)

0

0

Sub-total (D)

0

0

E. Investment in Others

Unquoted - at cost

Property Rights in Holiday Resort

0

0

50 (March 31, 2022: 50) units of I 100/- each fully paid up in Co-operative Society

0

0

Sub-total (E)

0

0

Sub-total (A+B+C+D+E)

587

920

Aggregate amount of quoted investments and market value thereof

501

711

Aggregate amount of unquoted investments

86

209

Aggregate amount of impairment in value of investments

-

-

* These investments are designated as FVTOCI as they are not held for trading purpose and are not in similar line of business as the Group, thus disclosing their

fair value change in profit or loss will not reflect the purpose of holding.

Notes:

(a)

Pursuant to sale of master wholesaler business for all construction and building materials (‘Hippo Stores’) of DCBL to Hippostores

Technology Private Limited (‘HTPL’), a promoter group company, on a going concern basis by way of slump sale, the Group had during

the previous year, as a part of purchase consideration, received I 120 in unsecured redeemable non-convertible debentures (NCDs)

of I 10 each issued by HTPL. These NCDs carry fixed interest @ 10.00% p.a. and have a tenure of 24 months from date of allotment

i.e. December 31, 2021 (also, refer note 31(a)).

316

317

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Dalmia Bharat Limited

Building a Sustainable Future

Introducing

Dalmia Bharat

Value Creation

Approach

Capital-wise

Performance

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

Other

Disclosures

316

317

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Dalmia Bharat Limited

Building a Sustainable Future

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

As at and for the year ended March 31, 2023

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

As at and for the year ended March 31, 2023

All amounts stated are in I Crore except wherever stated otherwise

All amounts stated are in I Crore except wherever stated otherwise

Introducing

Dalmia Bharat

Value Creation

Approach

Capital-wise

Performance

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

Other

Disclosures:

letter of credit held against them.

(b)

No trade or other receivable are due from directors or other officers of the Parent Company either severally or jointly with any other

person. Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and are generally on terms of 0 to 90 days.

(c)

Trade receivables are hypothecated against the secured borrowings of the Group as disclosed in note 19(i).

(d)

For information on financial risk management objectives and policies, refer note 42.

(e)

Set out below is the movement in the allowance for bad and doubtful trade receivables as follows:

Particulars

As at

March 31, 2023

As at

March 31, 2022

Opening balance

32

57

Amount provided for during the year (net)

1

(0)

Amount written off during the year

(2)

(25)

Closing balance

32

32

(f)

Trade receivables ageing schedule

As at March 31, 2023

SI.

No. Particulars

Not due

Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment

Total

Less than

6 months

6 months-

1 year

1-2 years

2-3 years

More than

3 years

i)

Undisputed trade receivables

(a)

– considered good

597

84

8

1

0

2

692

(b)

– which have significant increase in credit risk

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(c)

– credit impaired

-

0

1

1

3

6

11

ii)

Disputed trade receivables

(a)

– considered good (refer note 37(D))

-

-

-

-

-

8

8

(b)

– which have significant increase in credit risk

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(c)

– credit impaired

-

-

2

-

-

19

21

Total

597

84

11

2

3

35

732

As at March 31, 2022

SI.

No. Particulars

Not due

Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment

Total

Less than

6 months

6 months-

1 year

1-2 years

2-3 years

More than

3 years

i)

Undisputed trade receivables

(a)

– considered good

580

76

5

1

0

3

665

(b)

– which have significant increase in credit risk

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(c)

– credit impaired

-

0

0

2

2

7

11

ii)

Disputed trade receivables

(a)

– considered good (refer note 37(D))

-

-

-

-

-

8

8

(b)

– which have significant increase in credit risk

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(c)

– credit impaired

-

-

0

-

0

21

21

Total

580

76

5

3

2

39

705

There is no unbilled trade receivable as on March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022.

(iii) Cash and cash equivalents

Particulars

As at

March 31, 2023

As at

March 31, 2022

Balances with banks :

On current accounts

79

116

On cash credit

4

12

On deposit accounts with original maturity of less than three months

149

8

Cheques on hand

2

4

Cash on hand

0

0

234

140

At March 31, 2023, the Group had available I 452 (March 31, 2022: I 452) of undrawn committed borrowing facilities.

320

321

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Dalmia Bharat Limited

Building a Sustainable Future

Introducing

Dalmia Bharat

Value Creation

Approach

Capital-wise

Performance

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

Other

Disclosures

320

321

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Dalmia Bharat Limited

Building a Sustainable Future

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

As at and for the year ended March 31, 2023

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

As at and for the year ended March 31, 2023

All amounts stated are in I Crore except wherever stated otherwise

All amounts stated are in I Crore except wherever stated otherwise

Introducing

Dalmia Bharat

Value Creation

Approach

Capital-wise

Performance

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

Other

Disclosures:

Managing Director & CEO,

2.

Mr. Gautam Dalmia -: Managing

letter of credit or security deposits.

An impairment analysis is performed at each quarter end on an individual basis. The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date

is the carrying value of each class of financial assets disclosed in note 9(ii). The Group has no significant concentration of credit risk with

any counter party.

Ageing

Upto 180 days

More than 180

days

Total

As at March 31, 2023

Gross carrying amount (A)

681

51

732

Expected credit losses (B)

0

32

32

Net carrying amount (A-B)

681

19

700

As at March 31, 2022

Gross carrying amount (A)

655

50

705

Expected credit losses (B)

0

32

32

Net carrying amount (A-B)

655

18

673

Financial instruments and cash deposits

Credit risk from balances with banks and financial institutions is managed by the Group’s treasury department in accordance with the Group’s

policy. Investments of surplus funds are made only with approved authorities. Credit limits of all authorities are reviewed by the management

on regular basis. All balances with banks and financial institutions is subject to low credit risk due to good credit ratings assigned to the Group.

The Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk for the components of the balance sheet at March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 is the carrying

amounts of each class of financial assets.

III. Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is defined as the risk that the Group will not be able to settle or meet its obligations on time or at reasonable price. The Group’s

treasury department monitors liquidity on an ongoing basis through rolling cash flow forecasts. The Group’s objective is to maintain a

balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of bank loans, debentures and cash credit facilities. Approximately 14%

of the Group’s debt will mature in less than one year at March 31, 2023 (March 31, 2022: 38%) based on the carrying value of borrowings

reflected in the financial statements.

The Group assessed the concentration of risk with respect to refinancing its debt and concluded it to below.

368

369

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Dalmia Bharat Limited

Building a Sustainable Future

Introducing

Dalmia Bharat

Value Creation

Approach

Capital-wise

Performance

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

Other

Disclosures

368

369

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Dalmia Bharat Limited

Building a Sustainable Future

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

As at and for the year ended March 31, 2023

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

As at and for the year ended March 31, 2023

All amounts stated are in I Crore except wherever stated otherwise

All amounts stated are in I Crore except wherever stated otherwise

Introducing

Dalmia Bharat

Value Creation

Approach

Capital-wise

Performance

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

Other

Disclosures:

letter of credit, these contracts are not

designated in hedge relationships and are measured at fair value through profit or loss.

The foreign exchange forward contract and option contract balances vary with the level of expected foreign currency payment and

changes in foreign exchange rates.

Particulars

As at March 31, 2023

As at March 31, 2022

Assets

Liabilities

Assets

Liabilities

Fair value of foreign currency forward/ option contracts measured

at fair value through profit or loss

-

0

1

3

(b) Derivatives designated as hedging instruments

Cash flow hedges

Foreign currency risk:

Foreign exchange forward contracts are designated as hedging instruments in cash flow hedges against forecast purchases in US

dollar and EURO. These forecast transactions are highly probable since purchase orders have already been issued by the Group and

hence expected to be utilised in near term. The foreign exchange contract balances vary with the level of expected foreign currency

purchases and changes in foreign exchange forward rates.

Particulars

As at March 31, 2023

Assets

Liabilities

Fair value of foreign currency forward contracts designated as hedging instruments

1

0

The critical terms of the foreign currency forward contracts match the terms of the expected highly probable forecast purchase

transactions. As a result, no hedge ineffectiveness arises requiring recognition through profit or loss. The cash flow hedges of the

forecasted purchase transactions during the year ended March 31, 2023 were assessed to be highly effective and unrealised gain of

H 3, with a deferred tax charge of H 0 relating to the hedging instruments, is included in OCI.

Disclosure of effects of Hedge accounting

As at March 31, 2023

Foreign exchange risk on

cash flow hedge

Nominal value of hedging

instrument

Carrying amount of hedging

instrument

Maturity date

Hedge ratio

Assets

Liabilities

Assets

Liabilities

Foreign currency forward

contracts

136

77

1

0

April 2023 to

December 2023

1:1

Cash flow hedge

Change in the

value of hedging

instrument

recognised in OCI

Hedge ineffectiveness

recognised in profit or loss

Amount reclassified from

cash flow hedge reserve

to profit or loss

Line item affected in statement

of profit and loss because of the

reclassification

3

-

0

Other income

372

373

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Dalmia Bharat Limited

Building a Sustainable Future

Introducing

Dalmia Bharat

Value Creation

Approach

Capital-wise

Performance

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

Other

Disclosures

372

373

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Dalmia Bharat Limited

Building a Sustainable Future

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

As at and for the year ended March 31, 2023

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

As at and for the year ended March 31, 2023

All amounts stated are in I Crore except wherever stated otherwise

All amounts stated are in I Crore except wherever stated otherwise

Introducing

Dalmia Bharat

Value Creation

Approach

Capital-wise

Performance

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

Other

Disclosures:

Managing Director & CEO: Managing

Managing Director

Mr. Puneet Yadu Dalmia: Managing

