letter dated July 12,2023, intimating that the 52nd Annual General Meeting

(AGM) of the Company witt be hetd on Friday, August 4,2023 at 11:30 A.M. (lST) through Video

Conferencing/ Other Audio Visual Means in accordance with appticabte circutars issued by the

Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) and the Securities Exchange Board of India (SEBI).

Pursuant to the provisions of Regutation 30 and 34 of the SEBI (Listing Obtigations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regutations,2015, we enctose herewith a copy of the 52nd Annuat lntegrated

Report of the Company for the FY 2022-23 atongwith Notice of the 52nd AGM of the Company,

which forms part of the 52nd Annua[ Integrated Report.

The 52nd Annual lntegrated Report of the Company atong with Notice convening 52nd AGM and

other retevant documents are also avaitabte on the website of the Company at

www.qodeepak.com.

In compliance with appticabte Circulars issued by MCA and SEBI, the 52nd Annual Integrated Report

for FY 2072-23 along with Notice of 52nd AGM are being sent onty through etectronic mode to

those members whose emaiI lDs are registered with the Company's RTA/ Depositories.

Kindty take the same on your record.

Thanking you,

For DEEPAK NITRITE LIMITED

ARVIND BAJPAI

Company Secretary

Enct.: as above

DEEPAK NITRITE LIMITED

CIN: 124110GJ1970P1C001735

Registered & Corporate Office:

Aaditya- l, Chhani Road, Vadodara -390 024. Gujarat, India.

Tet: +91 265 276 5200/396 0200 I

Fax: +91 265276 5344

I nvestor Relations Contact: investor@ godeepak.com

www.godeepak.co m

ARVIND

BAJPAI

Digitally signed by

ARVIND BAJPAI

Date: 2023.07.13

20:56:21 +05'30':

Managing Director’s Message

SHRI DEEPAK C. MEHTA

P. 14

Executive Director & CEO’s Message

SHRI MAULIK D. MEHTA

P. 18

Message from Executive Director -

Deepak Phenolics Limited

SHRI MEGHAV D. MEHTA

P. 22

Communique of

Director (Finance) & Group CFO

SHRI SANJAY UPADHYAY

P. 68

1

Corporate Information

4

Deepak Cares

6

About our Integrated Report

8

Harnessing Resources for

Sustainable Value Creation

10

Corporate Overview

12

Business Segment Overview

14: Message from the

Managing Director

Shri Maulik D. Mehta

Executive Director & Chief Executive Officer

Shri Sanjay Upadhyay

Director (Finance) & Group CFO

Shri Meghav D. Mehta

Non-Executive Director

Shri Ajay C. Mehta

Non-Executive Director

Shri S. K. Anand

Non-Executive Director

Shri Sanjay Asher

Independent Director

Smt. Purvi Sheth

Independent Director

Shri Dileep Choksi

Independent Director

Shri Punit Lalbhai

Independent Director

Shri Vipul Shah

Independent Director

Shri Prakash Samudra

Independent Director

CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER &

CHIEF RISK OFFICER

Shri Somsekhar Nanda

COMPANY SECRETARY &

COMPLIANCE OFFICER

Shri Arvind Bajpai

AUDIT COMMITTEE

Shri Dileep Choksi, Chairman

Shri S. K. Anand, Member

Shri Sanjay Asher, Member

STAKEHOLDERS’ RELATIONSHIP &

INVESTORS GRIEVANCE COMMITTEE

Shri Ajay C. Mehta, Chairman

Shri Sanjay Asher, Member

Shri Sanjay Upadhyay, Member

NOMINATION & REMUNERATION

COMMITTEE

Smt. Purvi Sheth, Chairperson

Shri S. K. Anand, Member

Shri Sanjay Asher, Member

CORPORATE SOCIAL

RESPONSBILITY COMMITTEE

Shri Deepak C. Mehta, Chairman

Shri Sanjay Upadhyay, Member

Smt. Purvi Sheth, Member

Shri Punit Lalbhai, Member

RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE

Shri Deepak C. Mehta, Chairman

Shri S. K. Anand, Member

Shri Sanjay Upadhyay, Member

Shri Maulik D. Mehta, Member

Shri Vipul Shah, Member

REGISTRAR AND SHARE

TRANSFER AGENT

Link Intime India Private Limited

C-101, 247 Park, L.B.S Marg, Vikhroli (W),

Mumbai – 400 083.

BANKERS

State Bank of India

Bank of Baroda

Axis Bank Limited

ICICI Bank Limited

Standard Chartered Bank

DBS Bank India Limited

The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking

Corporation Limited

STATUTORY AUDITORS

Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP

Chartered Accountants

SECRETARIAL AUDITORS

KANJ & Co. LLP

Company Secretaries

COST AUDITORS

B.M. Sharma & Co.

Cost Accountants

INTERNAL AUDITORS

Sharp & Tannan Associates

Chartered Accountants

CORPORATE IDENTITY NUMBER

L24110GJ1970PLC001735

CORPORATE & REGISTERED OFFICE

Aaditya-I, Chhani Road,

Vadodara – 390 024, Gujarat

Tel: +91-265-2765200/3960200

E-mail: investor@godeepak.com

Website: www.godeepak.com

PLANTS

Nitrite & Nitroaromatics Division

4-12, GIDC Chemical Complex,

Nandesari –Dist., Vadodara -

391 340, Gujarat

Taloja Chemicals Division

Plot Nos. K/9-10, MIDC Taloja,

Dist. Raigad - 410 208, Maharashtra

Roha Division

Plot Nos. 1, 2, 26 & 27, MIDC Dhatav, Roha,

Dist. Raigad - 402 116, Maharashtra

Hyderabad Specialities Division

Plot Nos. 70-A & B, 90-F/70-A and 22,

Phase I, Industrial Development Area,

Jeedimetla, Tal. Quthbullapur Mandal,

Dist. Ranga Reddy,

Hyderabad – 500 055, Telangana

Dahej Division

Plot No. 12/B-2 GIDC, Dahej,

Dist. Bharuch - 392 130, Gujarat

Deepak Phenolics Limited

Plot No. 12/B/1, GIDC, Dahej,

Dist. Bharuch - 391 130, Gujarat

Deepak Chem Tech Limited

(Formerly Known as Deepak

Clean Tech Limited)

Project Site

1) Plot Nos. D-II/6/1 & 6/1A, GIDC, Dahej,

Dist. Bharuch - 392 130, Gujarat

2) Plot Nos. 4/1 & 5/P

GIDC Chemical Complex, Nandesari,

Dist. Vadodara - 391 340, Gujarat

1

52nd Annual Integrated Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

Deepak C. Mehta

Chairman and: Managing

Dear Stakeholders,

We are pleased to share our 52nd Annual Report for the Financial Year 2022-23, highlighting Deepak’s sustained

performance through our manufacturing expertise, integrated facilities and agile operations. We are committed

to strengthening our financial position and continue to invest in the Company in means that align with our vision

and strategy. Our focus continues to be on building world-class facilities, innovative products and processes, while

balancing market access and cost optimisation to achieve our goals. While doing so, we remain mindful of fulfilling

our social as well as environmental obligations. The Company believes in growing responsibly while making an

impact in the society. In addition to employee welfare and environment protection, your Company has consistently

supported sustainable livelihoods with better healthcare facilities and offering education to marginal segments of the

society. The objective is to contribute in a positive way by conserving natural resources while touching as many lives

as possible and making them a part of our growth journey.

SUSTAINABILITY: KEY DRIVER OF INNOVATION

For Deepak, sustainability is neither a corporate social

responsibility nor a cost line-item, rather it is a business

imperative that is at the forefront. It forms a core of what

we do and how we grow as an organisation. In the past, we

have received several accolades demonstrating our efforts of

growing responsibly by making a visible change on the ground.

Recently, one of our units in Dahej achieved a milestone of

receiving 100% score in its very first attempt in Together for

Sustainability (TfS) Audit conducted by DQS India. This speaks

volumes of our commitment to offer best-in-class solutions to

our customers by using sustainable manufacturing practices.

This achievement adds to other steps undertaken such as a

signatory of prestigious ‘Responsible Care’, ‘Nicer Globe alliance’

as well as receipt of a silver medal with 60% assessment

score from EcoVadis, which is a leading provider of business

sustainability ratings. All this is a testament to our dedication of

achieving the core objectives of people, planet and profit.

We firmly believe that sustainability is the critical ingredient

of organisational and technological innovations that generate

positive impact on both financial performance as well as overall

business growth. In-line with this, we are steadily investing

to innovate our product portfolio and expand our process

expertise to deliver sustainable outcomes. We want sustainability

and innovation to go hand-in-hand, which is why we have

strengthened our R&D infrastructure with an endeavour to

innovate new compounds, upgrade the existing processes and

efficiently recover by-products from effluents. This is a right move

towards a circular economy thereby limiting the damage caused

to the environment.

Your Company is convinced that the creation of value in

medium-to-long term, relies on effective integration of business,

social and environmental performance. This will create sustained

shareholder value and will be critical driver to continued

success in the future.

INDIAN ECONOMIC SCENARIO

The Indian economy is poised to be one of the world’s

fastest-growing economies, despite global uncertainties and

challenges. The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has revised

its growth projection for India in 2023-24 to 5.9%. This revision

is primarily due to expected decrease in consumption and

tighter monetary policies, thereby impacting global growth.

Slower consumption growth, coupled with external factors such

as rising borrowing costs and sluggish income growth, is likely to

impact private and Government consumption, as fiscal support

measures introduced during the pandemic are phased out.

Nevertheless, the recently presented Union Budget 2023 focusses

on stability, sustainable development, inclusive growth and

introducing policies to stimulate demand for various chemicals

in sectors such as construction, emission control, polyurethanes,

bio-pesticides and more.

Despite facing challenges on account of after effects of

pandemic-led disruption, the Russia-Ukraine conflict and related

supply side shocks, inflation and global monetary tightening,

the Indian economy has demonstrated a resilient recovery

across multiple sectors, positioning itself for a return to the

pre-pandemic growth levels in FY 2022-23. India’s impressive

average growth rate of 7.5% per year over the past two decades,

second only to China’s 9.6% growth, further underscores its

promising growth trajectory.: Message from the

Managing Director: Message from the

Dear Stakeholders,

During the fiscal year 2023, the operating environment experienced significant volatility due to the outbreak of the

Russia-Ukraine war. This led to disruptions in global supply chains and a surge in commodity prices, resulting in

high inflationary pressures on inputs. Additionally, the Company faced internal challenges such as a fire at the the

Nandesari plant, which caused around 40-day loss in production and sales. Despite these obstacles, the Company’s

business model remained resilient, with incremental investments enhancing throughput and sustained demand

from end-user industries driving growth.

In this backdrop, DNL reported strong double-digit revenue

growth and improved plant efficiencies that will yield consistent

bottom line benefits while reducing the carbon and water

footprint of all sites. However, profitability was impacted by lag

in transmission of high input prices, inflationary environment

and normalisation of spread in certain products from exceptional

levels in the preceding fiscal. DNL has taken significant steps

to mitigate risks in its business model by ensuring a secured

supply of additional inputs, establishing captive power supply

and deriving value from waste. Moreover, contracted supply

arrangements with customers for products from both business

segments provide high visibility for continued growth.

COMMITMENT TO VALUE CREATION FOR

STAKEHOLDERS

In FY 2022-23 we asked key stakeholders a question: “how can we

create more value for you?” Their answers prompted us to create

succinct value drivers for 4 pillars i.e. shareholders, customers,

people and community and we pledge to align ourselves with

these statements.

In an ever-changing economic landscape influenced by

global events alongside internal challenges, our adept teams

successfully navigated through the uncertainties and evaluated

our mission from the perspective of our key stakeholders.

Understanding the valuable investments of resources made by

each stakeholder, including finances, time, business and trust, we

pledge to demonstrate their importance by offering persuasive

grounds to ‘Depend on Deepak’.

We remain dedicated to safeguarding the health and well-being

of our employees and the communities we operate in. Our

unwavering commitment remains steadfast on prioritising

these 4 pillars:

•

Shareholders – We have developed a roadmap based on our

core fundamentals and values, ensuring responsible growth

and a clear ‘Right to Win’ by balancing process excellence

with high returns on capital. Our focus is on sustainable

and high-quality growth, considering future potential and

long-term strategies.

•

Customers – We prioritise responsiveness and leverage our

deep process expertise to become the preferred partner,

supplying complex chemicals manufactured through

safe and sustainable practices. We aim to be the first

choice for customers and align our processes with their

environmental, social and governance (ESG) values. We have

taken several initiatives by completing a customer insight

through industry expert and initiated on co-developing

molecules with customers in the agrochemical and

personal care products.

•

People – Our people practices foster agile and adaptive

leaders who build teams driven by action and guided

by principles. We reward proactive action-taking and

prioritise doing what is right over adhering to traditional

hierarchies. We have taken several initiatives by appointing

best professional agency to ensure effective and transparent

professional growth across the group, an initiative on

Diversity, Equity and Inclusivity which is governed by

a fellow member of the Board of Director, empanelled

coaches and co-created programs at all levels with reputed

management institutes,

•

Community – We strive to make a positive impact on society,

ensuring that our presence benefits the communities we

operate in. We aim to contribute to the betterment of society

rather than merely existing within it.

FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE OVERVIEW – FY 2022-23

Despite the challenging macroeconomic conditions, it is

heartening to note that our credibility, strategy and customer

wallet share remains intact. Deepak achieved remarkable growth

in its top line performance. Building upon a sturdy base, we

strategically employ gradual capital injections to strengthen

processes, enhance capabilities and meet the ongoing needs

of various industries. As a result, we have achieved remarkable

progress, witnessing a 17% year-on-year growth in our overall

revenue, surpassing the milestone of ₹ 8,000 Crores in turnover,

in contrast to the previous fiscal year’s ₹ 6,845 Crores. This growth

can be attributed to the Company’s ability to maintain stable

demand and maximise plant efficiency. EBITDA for the year stood

at ₹ 1,337 Crores, reflecting a 19% decrease compared to the

CEO’s Message

19

52nd Annual Integrated Report 2022-23

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

Managing Director

Shri Maulik D. Mehta is a Bachelor of Business Administration from the University of Liverpool, UK.

He holds a Master’s degree in Industrial and Organisational Psychology from Columbia University,

USA. He recently graduated in Owner/President Management - an executive MBA programme from

the prestigious Harvard Business School, sharpening his leadership dexterity and knowledge to

bring a fresh breath of global business insights and agility in the Company management.

Shri Maulik D. Mehta has been at the helm of the organisation as the Executive Director & Chief

Executive Officer since June 2020. He took over the charge in an extremely challenging and

uncertain environment during the peak of the COVID-19 pandemic, where the priority was to

ensure the security and healthcare of the workforce and safeguard the interests of the investors.

Shri Mehta has a dynamic and innovation-driven work acumen, evident in his 15-years hands-on,

outcome-driven work ethic across key areas such as business development, patent and product

development, human resources, brand equity, external relations, as well as formulating a

future-ready Group strategy.

He is an avid ESG champion and under his leadership, the Company has embraced “Responsible

Chemistry” as a mantra to drive diversity, equity, inclusion, circularity and sustainability while

maximising profits and delivering value to all stakeholders. His technology-forward approach

and global vision have been instrumental in developing executive strategies and initiatives that

have significantly improved both the top-line and bottom-line. Shri Mehta’s consensus-oriented

management has demonstrated excellent leadership in all aspects of the business.

Shri Maulik D. Mehta

Executive Director & CEO

DEEPAK NITRITE LIMITED

62

52nd Annual Integrated Report 2022-23:

Managing Director of the Company from December 1989 till December 2017. With extensive

experience, a comprehensive approach and industry foresight, Shri Mehta has paved the way for

innovation and excellence at Deepak Nitrite Limited. He is presently the Non-Executive Director of

the Company and: Managing

Managing Director

& CEO. He is active presently in the Industry as a Consultant.

Shri Samudra had been the Chairman of various leading industry associations such as the Indian

Institute of Chemical Engineers (IIChE, Mumbai Regional Center) for 2 years from 2005-07 and the

Process Plant & Machinery Association of India (PPMAI) for 2 years from 2003-05.

Shri Prakash Samudra

Independent Director

Shri Lalbhai received his Bachelor’s degree in Conservation Biology from the University of

California, Davis and Master’s degree in Environmental Science from Yale University. He also has an

MBA from INSEAD, France.

Shri Punit Lalbhai is the Vice Chairman and Executive Director at Arvind Ltd. He is responsible for

the Group’s Textile, Engineering, Technical Textile and Environmental businesses.

He has driven the Arvind’s entry and growth in technical textiles and advanced materials, which

has become its fastest growing segment. Arvind is now globally recognised for its Human

Protection Garments, Industrial Fabrics and Glass & Carbon Composite Products. He has also

been involved with the growth of Anup Engineering – a capital goods manufacturing company –

and that of Arvind Envisol – an upcoming waste-water treatment company. He also serves as the

Chairman of the CII committee on Technical Textiles and is a governing council of ATIRA.

He has served on several international boards that drive thought leadership in environmental

sustainability. He was part of the inaugural board of the Sustainable Apparel Coalition, serves

on the board of the Organic Cotton Accelerator and is the current Chairman of the Apparel

Impact Institute.

Shri Lalbhai is passionate about higher education. He is active in the Ahmedabad Education

Society and is on the boards of both Ahmedabad University and CEPT University.

He has been a heartfulness meditation practitioner since 1998 and a trainer of the

system since 2012.

Shri Punit Lalbhai

Independent Director

Board of Directors

65

52nd Annual Integrated Report 2022-23

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

Dear Stakeholders,

Your Company achieved a notable performance in the fiscal year 2022-2023 in the backdrop of a demanding

environment characterised by various internal and external factors. Despite these challenges, we efficiently managed

our operational activities and fulfilled our supply commitments, ensuring a consistent and steady supply of products

to our customers.

Pioneering the way in sustainability, your Company has embarked

on numerous endeavours aimed at diminishing its environmental

footprints while simultaneously generating value-added

compounds from by-products, all in a concerted push towards

a sustainable tomorrow. With sustainability at the core of our

endeavours, we are empowered to foster inclusive growth and

bring forth societal value, all the while curbing our environmental

impact and upholding a responsible approach throughout

our value chain.

AGILE BUSINESS FRAMEWORK

Your Company has demonstrated its agility in achieving growth

while maintaining the quality and safety standards by leveraging

our expertise in chemicals and the value chain. Our success can

be attributed to our balanced revenue growth strategy, which

includes diversification across products, end-user segments,

customers and geographies. This is interwoven with a focus

on sustainability to ensure that we are meeting the needs of

customers while respecting our commitments to our people, the

environment and the communities within which we operate.

Amidst operational and macroeconomic challenges, our business

model has proven resilient and we have emerged stronger and

more confident. Incremental investments have led to increased

capacity, while sustained demand from end-user industries has

driven growth in both our topline and bottom-line. We have

developed a sustainable business model that serves over

30 end-user markets, mitigating some market fluctuations.

Amidst several challenges, the safety of our personnel, materials

and operations across all our sites has been our topmost priority.

PAVING THE WAY FOR A SUSTAINABLE TOMORROW

At DNL, we continue to emphasise the significance of responsible

chemistry, an all-encompassing approach that incorporates

environmental conservation, the well-being of people and the

prosperity of our customers, suppliers and communities. It is this

very spirit of sustainability that drives us to undertake proactive

initiatives to protect and nurture our sphere of influence.

As we navigate the ever-changing landscape of business,

industry, society and our planet, we are committed to building

a sustainable future through our 3P approach: Plant, process

and people safety. At DPL, Dahej, an astounding 12 million

safe man-hours – an irrefutable testament to our unwavering

dedication to safety. Additionally, our Company has gained

international recognition as a responsible corporate citizen.

For us, sustainability holds significance that goes far beyond

obligatory corporate responsibility. It acts as a protective

shield, safeguarding the future growth of our Company, while

seamlessly integrating into our business strategy, operations and

structure. It has become an indispensable cornerstone of our

overall framework.

DNL remains resolute in its commitment to responsible chemistry

and the production of impactful solutions. To minimise errors,

we have assumed a greater role in developing and implementing

additional automation and safety standards within our plants.

As a result, we have emerged as the leading suppliers for major

global clients, thanks to our steadfast adherence to quality,

environmental practices, effective human resource management

and our ability to handle complex and hazardous chemical

processes with efficiency.

This year, a remarkable milestone was achieved at

our Dahej facility. It received a perfect score of 100

out of 100 in the Together for Sustainability Audit.

This prestigious evaluation, similar to the renowned

Responsible Care program in the United States, garners

immense respect from large European, Japanese and

American companies.

Financial Capital

69

52nd Annual Integrated Report 2022-23

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

STATUTORY REPORTS

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

Managing Director of the Company

for further period of 5 years w.e.f. December 14, 2023

and payment of Remuneration to him.

To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without

modification(s),

the

following

Resolution

as

a

Special Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT in accordance with the provisions of

Sections 196, 197, 198 and 203 read with Schedule V and all

other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the

Act”) and the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of

Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 and those contained in the

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (including

any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof, for

the time being in force), approval of the Company be and is

hereby accorded for the re-appointment of Shri Deepak C.

Mehta (DIN: 00028377) as the Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director(s)

and/or the Whole-time Director), including Independent

Directors of the Company, in addition to the sitting fees and

re-imbursement of expenses for attending the meetings

of the Board of Directors or Committees thereof, be paid

remuneration by way of commission on the net profits of the

Company for each Financial Year, computed in the manner

laid down in Section 198 of the Companies Act, 2013, with

effect from April 1, 2024 and subsequent Financial Years,

to be divided amongst Non-Executive Directors including

Independent Directors of the Company in such manner as

the Board of Directors may from time to time determine, in

accordance with the provisions of the Act, Listing Regulations

and Special Resolution passed by the shareholders at the

48th Annual General Meeting held on June 28, 2019.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the

Company be and is hereby authorised to do all acts and to

take all such steps as may be necessary, proper or expedient

to give effect to this Resolution.”

10) Payment of remuneration to Executive Directors who

are Promoters or members of Promoter Group.

To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without

modification(s),

the

following

Resolution

as

a

Special Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Regulation

17(6)(e) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015

and subject to provisions of Section 197 and other applicable

provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (including any statutory

modification(s) or re-enactment thereof for the time being in

force), the approval of the Company be and is hereby accorded

for payment of remuneration to the Executive Directors who

are Promoters or members of Promoter Group as under:

(a) annual remuneration to an Executive Director who is

a Promoter or member of Promoter Group, exceeding

₹ 5 Crores or 2.5 per cent (2.5%) of the net profits

of the Company computed in accordance with

Section 198 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Net Profit”),

whichever is higher; or

(b) aggregate annual remuneration to Executive Directors

who are Promoters or members of Promoter Group,

where there is more than one such Executive

Director, exceeding 5 per cent (5%) of the Net Profit

of the Company.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the approval herein granted

for payment of remuneration to Executive Directors who

are Promoters or members of Promoter Group (“such

Executive Directors”) shall be effective for the Financial Year

commencing from April 1, 2024 and for subsequent years till

the expiry of respective term of such Executive Directors.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the

Company be and is hereby authorised to do all acts and to

take all such steps as may be necessary, proper or expedient

to give effect to this Resolution.”

11) Ratification of remuneration of the Cost Auditor for the

Financial Year 2023-24.

To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without

modification(s),

the

following

Resolution

as

an

Ordinary Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section

148 and all other applicable provisions of the Companies

Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors)

Rules, 2014 (including any statutory modification(s) or

re-enactment thereof, for the time being in force), the

remuneration of ₹ 8,00,000 (Rupees Eight Lakhs only) plus

applicable tax, travelling and other out of pocket expenses,

to B. M. Sharma & Co., Cost Accountants (Firm Registration

No. 00219), the Cost Auditors, appointed by the Board

of Directors of the Company to conduct the audit of the

cost records of the Company for the Financial Year ending

March 31, 2024, be and is hereby ratified.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the

Company be and is hereby authorised to do all acts and to

take all such steps as may be necessary, proper or expedient

to give effect to this Resolution.”

By Order of the Board of Directors

Arvind Bajpai

Date: May 11, 2023

Company Secretary

Place: Vadodara

Membership No.: F6713

Registered Office:

Aaditya-I, Chhani Road

Vadodara – 390 024, Gujarat

Tel: +91-265-2765200, 396 020

Fax: +91-265-2765344

Email: investor@godeepak.com

Website: www.godeepak.com

CIN: L24110GJ1970PLC001735:

letter

etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly authorised

signatory(ies) who are authorised to vote, to the Scrutiniser

by e-mail to dinesh.joshi@kanjcs.com with a copy marked

to

evoting@nsdl.co.in.

Institutional

shareholders

(i.e.

other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their

Board Resolution/ Power of Attorney/ Authority: Letter etc.

by clicking on “Upload Board Resolution/Authority Letter”

displayed under “e-Voting” tab in their login.

2.

It is strongly recommended not to share your password

with any other person and take utmost care to keep your

password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be

disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct

password. In such an event, you will need to go through the

“Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset

Password?” option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to

reset the password.

3.

In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked

Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-voting user manual

for Shareholders available at the download section of

www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll free no.: 022 - 4886 7000

and 022 - 2499 7000 or send a request to Ms. Pallavi Mhatre,

Senior Manager, NSDL at evoting@nsdl.co.in.

Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not

registered with the depositories for obtaining user id

and password and registration of e-mail ids for e-voting

for the Resolutions set out in this Notice:

Shareholders may send a request to evoting@nsdl.co.in for

obtaining user id and password for e-Voting

1.

In case shares are held in physical mode, please provide

Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the share

certificate (front and back), PAN (self-attested scanned

copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy

of Aadhar Card).

2.

In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide

DPIDCLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary ID),

Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account

statement, PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card),

AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card).

3.

If you are an Individual shareholders holding securities in

demat mode, you are requested to refer to the login method

explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-Voting and

joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding

securities in demat mode

4.

In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting

facility provided by listed companies, individual shareholders

holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through

their demat account maintained with Depositories and

Depository Participants. Shareholders are required to update

their mobile number and email ID correctly in their demat

account in order to access e-Voting facility.

Other Instructions

•

The Scrutiniser shall, immediately after the conclusion of

voting at the AGM, first count the votes cast during the AGM,

thereafter unblock the votes cast through remote e-Voting

and submit, not later than 48 hours of conclusion of the

AGM, a consolidated Scrutiniser’s Report of the total votes

cast in favour or against, if any, to the

Managing Director of the Company for

a period of five (5) years w.e.f. December 14, 2018. Accordingly, the

present term of Shri Deepak C. Mehta as the Chairman & Managing

Director of the Company is upto December 13, 2023.

The Board of Directors, at their meeting held on May 11, 2023

approved the re-appointment of Shri Deepak C. Mehta as the

Chairman and: Managing Director of the Company for further period

of five (5) w.e.f. December 14, 2023, subject to approval by the

Members, on the terms and conditions including remuneration as

recommended by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee.

Pursuant to Section 196(3)(a) of the Companies Act, 2013, the

appointment of a person who has attained the age of seventy years

(70) as the Managing Director requires the approval of Members by

way of Special Resolution. Since Shri Deepak C. Mehta will attain

the age of seventy (70) years during the proposed term of his

re-appointment, approval of Members of the Company is also being

sought by way of Special Resolution, for Shri Deepak C. Mehta to

continue as the

Managing Director,

shall perform such duties and exercise such powers

bestowed on him from time to time by the Board of Directors

of the Company.

(G)

Shri Deepak C. Mehta shall not be entitled to sitting fees for

attending meetings of the Board or any Committee thereof.

(H)

Shri Deepak C. Mehta shall not be liable to retire by rotation as

a Director of the Company.

The additional information as required under the provisions of

Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and other applicable provisions

are provided in Annexure – I to this Notice.

Shri Deepak C. Mehta satisfies all the conditions set out in Part-I of

Schedule V to the Act as also conditions set out under Sub-Section

(3) of Section 196 of the Act for being eligible for re-appointment.

He is not disqualified from being appointed as Director in terms of

Section 164 of the Act.

Shri Deepak C. Mehta and his relatives Shri Ajay C. Mehta, Shri Maulik

D. Mehta and Shri Meghav D. Mehta are interested in the Special

Resolution set out at Item No. 7 of the Notice, which pertains to the

re-appointment Shri Deepak C. Mehta as the Chairman & Managing

Director of the Company.

Save and except the above, none of the other Directors / Key

Managerial Personnel of the Company / their relatives are, in any

way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the

Special Resolution.

The Board of Directors recommends the Special Resolution as set

out under Item No. 7 for approval by the Members of the Company.

Item No. 8

Shri Dileep Choksi (DIN: 00016322) is an Independent Director of

the Company. He is also the Chairman of the Audit Committee of

Directors of the Company.

Pursuant to the requirement of Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”)

and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations"), Shri Dileep Choksi was

appointed as an Independent Director at the 49th Annual General

Meeting of the Company held on August 7, 2020 for a term of three

(3) consecutive years. Accordingly, the first term of Shri Dileep

Choksi as an Independent Director is upto August 6, 2023.

As per Section 149(10) of the Act, an Independent Director can

hold office for a term upto five (5) consecutive years and may be

re-appointed for another term upto five (5) consecutive years,

with the approval Members of the Company by way of Special

Resolution. Further, pursuant to Regulation 25(2A) of Listing

Regulations, appointment, re-appointment or removal of an

Independent Director of a listed entity, shall be subject to the

approval of shareholders by way of a Special Resolution.

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee taking into

consideration the skills, expertise and competencies required

for the Board in the context of the business and sectors of the

Company and based on the performance evaluation, concluded

and recommended to the Board that Shri Dileep Choksi’s

qualifications and the rich experience in the abovementioned

areas meets the skills and capabilities required for the role of

Independent Director of the Company. The Board of Directors

at its meeting held on May 11, 2023, upon recommendation

of Nomination and Remuneration Committee and based on

evaluation of performance of Shri Dileep Choksi, which was

completely satisfactory, were of the view that given his background

and experience and contributions made by him during his tenure,

the association of Shri Dileep Choksi would be beneficial to the

Company and it is desirable to re-appoint Shri Dileep Choksi as

an Independent Director for another term of three (3) consecutive

years with effect from August 7, 2023.

Shri Dileep Choksi has consented to act as Director of the Company

and has provided a declaration that he is not disqualified to be

appointed as a Director and he meets the criteria of independence

as provided in Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of

the Listing Regulations.

In the opinion of the Board of Directors of the Company, Shri Dileep

Choksi fulfils the conditions for appointment of Independent

Director as specified in the Act and the Listing Regulations and is

independent of the management.

A copy of the draft: letter of appointment of Shri Dileep Choksi setting

out the terms and conditions of his re-appointment is available for

inspection by the Members of the Company without any fee at the

Registered Office of the Company during normal business hours on

any working day, excluding Saturday.

The additional information as required under the provisions of

Regulation 36(3) of the Listing Regulations and other applicable

provisions are provided in Annexure – I to this Notice.

Shri Dileep Choksi does not hold by himself or for any other person

on a beneficial basis, any shares in the Company.

None of the

Managing Director, brother of Shri Meghav D. Mehta, Non-Executive

Director and nephew of Shri Ajay C. Mehta, Non-Executive Director of the Company.

Remuneration received from

the Company in the Financial

Year 2022-23.

Fixed pay: ₹ 3.07 Crores

Variable pay: ₹ 0.63 Crores (for the Financial Year 2021-22 paid in the Financial Year 2022-23)

Total: ₹ 3.70 Crores

Terms and Conditions of appointment

/ re-appointment along with details of

remuneration sought to be paid

Liable to retire by rotation. Not entitled for sitting fees for attending meeting of Board and Committees

thereof.

Date of first appointment on the Board

May 9, 2016

The number of Meetings of the Board

attended during the Financial Year 2022-23/

during the tenure of their appointment

No. of Board Meetings held

5

No. of Board Meetings attended

5:

letter of appointment available for inspection by the Members at the Registered Office of the

Company and also available on the website of the Company at www.godeepak.com.

Date of first appointment on the Board

February 3, 2020

The number of Meetings of the Board

attended during the Financial

Year 2022-23/during the tenure of their

appointment

No. of Board Meetings held

5

No. of Board Meetings attended

5:

Dear Shareholders,

Your Directors have pleasure in presenting the Fifty Second (52nd) Annual Report and the third Integrated Report of Deepak Nitrite Limited

(‘DNL’ or ‘your Company’ or ‘the Company’) along with the Audited Financial Statements for the Financial Year (‘FY’) ended March 31, 2023.

The Directors’ Report has been prepared on a standalone basis and the consolidated performance of the Company and its subsidiaries has

been referred to wherever required.

FINANCIAL RESULTS

Your Company’s financial performance for the year ended March 31, 2023 is summarized below:

(₹ in Crores)

Particulars

Standalone Results

Consolidated Results

2022-23

2021-22

2022-23

2021-22

Total Revenue (Gross)

3,135.13

2,581.85

8,019.64

6,844.80

Operating Profit Before Depreciation, Finance Cost,

Exceptional Item and Tax (EBITDA)

687.57

716.15

1,336.96

1,646.19

Less: Depreciation and Amortization expenses

76.16

72.54

166.30

177.70

Less: Finance Costs

1.57

1.60

24.78

34.04

Profit before Tax

609.84

642.01

1,145.88

1,434.45

Less: Tax expenses

140.45

155.80

293.88

367.81

Net Profit for the Year

469.39

486.21

852.00

1,066.64

Other Comprehensive Income

(4.85)

0.06

(5.00)

0.17

Total Comprehensive income for the Year

464.54

486.27

847.00

1,066.81

Surplus brought forward from previous year

1,694.52

1,288.07

2,776.96

1,789.97

Balance available for Appropriation

2,158.89

1,774.54

3,623.80

2,856.98

Directors’ Report

FY 2022-23 commenced in the backdrop of the Russia-Ukraine War.

The resultant disruption in trade routes and the implementation

of sanctions by the western countries caused a recalibration in

global supply chains. The situation was exacerbated by stringent

restrictions in China at the start of the fiscal year, which constrained

the ability of Chinese chemical companies to respond to the

global disruption. This has led to shortages of chemicals and raw

materials; and resulted in a spike in prices of certain products as

global customers scrambled to secure supply of critical inputs,

largely commodities.

Against this backdrop, your Company focused on reliable and

consistent supply to ensure that its customers could truly ‘Depend

on Deepak’. The emphasis was on maintaining elevated levels of

production across all its manufacturing facilities while adhering to

stringent regulatory mandates, rules and safety requirements.

Further, your Company continues to make progress in its

initiatives to de-risk its business model. The Company has faced

several operational and macro-economic challenges during

the year that have tested its business model but it has emerged

stronger and self-assured due to the all-round enhancement of its

strategic positioning.

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

Standalone

The performance during the FY 2022-23 should be viewed against

the backdrop of the highly dynamic macro-economic environment.

The sanctions on Russia combined with stringent COVID-19

protocols in China severely disrupted traditional global supply

chains. This was accompanied by an increase in input and

energy expenses, highly volatile foreign exchange rates,

sharp rise in prices of crude oil and resultant petrochemical

derivatives as well as inbound and outbound logistical challenges

during the year.

Consequently, the supply and demand of key intermediates

was impacted. However, your Company’s manufacturing

expertise, global-scale facilities and nimble operations supported

by a strong financial position have ensured an efficient

performance. Your Company has demonstrated notable agility

in seizing opportunities arising from the upheavals across the

chemical value chain. Strong customer relationships and global

competitiveness have enabled it to be a preferred partner of

choice for domestic and global customers alike, while a focus

on operational efficiency has ensured that plants operate

consistently at high utilization levels. As a result, your Company:

Managing Director of the Company for

further period of five (5) years w.e.f. December 14, 2018. Accordingly,

the present term of Shri Deepak C. Mehta as the Chairman &: Managing Director of the Company is upto December 13, 2023.

The Board of Directors, at their meeting held on May 11, 2023

approved the re-appointment of Shri Deepak C. Mehta as the

Managing Director

Date: May 11, 2023

(DIN: 00028377):

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an

opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of

the contents of the secretarial records.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of accounts of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and

happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is responsibility of

management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness

with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

FOR KANJ & CO. LLP

Company Secretaries

Dinesh Joshi

Designated Partner

Membership No.: F3752

CP No.: 2246

Date: May 11, 2023

UDIN: F003752E000241253

Place: Pune

Peer Review Certificate No.: 1331/2021:

letter of even date which is annexed as Appendix A and forms an integral part of this report.:

letter, that:

i.

Maintenance of Secretarial records and compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable Laws, Rules, Regulations,

Standards is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our examination was limited to the verification and audit of

procedures and records on test basis. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these Secretarial records and compliances based

on such verification and audit.

ii.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the

contents of secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records.

We believe that the processes and practices we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

iii.

Wherever required, we have obtained the management representation about the Compliance of Laws, Rules and Regulations and

happening of events etc.

iv.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with

which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

S. Samdani

Partner

Samdani Shah & Kabra

Company Secretaries

FCS No. 3677 | CP No. 2863

ICSI Peer Review # 1079/2021

ICSI UDIN: F003677E000275630

Date: May 9, 2023

Place: Vadodara

Appendix A:

Managing Director, Whole-time Directors, Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary.

4.

Do you have a focal point (Individual/Committee) responsible for addressing human rights impacts or issues caused or

contributed to by the business?

Yes

The Executive Directors of the Company led by the Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

Place : Vadodara

Chairman of CSR Committee

Date : May 11, 2023

(DIN: 00028377):

Managing Director.

(viii) “Financial Year” shall mean the period ending on the

31st day of March every year.

(ix) “Independent Director” shall mean a Director referred to in

Section 149 (6) of the Act read with the Listing Regulations.

(x)

“Key Managerial Personnel” or “KMP” shall have the

meaning ascribed to it in the Act.

(xi) “Listing Regulations” shall mean Securities and Exchange

Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as amended from time to

time and for the time being in force.

(xii) “: Managing

Managing Director / Executive Director who

has attained the age of seventy years. Provided that the term

of the person holding this position may be extended beyond

the age of seventy years with the approval of shareholders

by passing a special resolution based on the explanatory

statement annexed to the notice for such motion indicating

the justification for such appointment.

7.4. The appointment as recommended by the Committee to the

Board shall be subject to the approval of the Board.:

Managing Director /

Executive Director:

7.6.1. The Company can have more than one Managing

Director or Executive Director.

7.6.2. The appointee(s) shall have good educational

background, preferably with specialization in the field.

He shall have exemplary skills and leadership qualities

to lead the Company or as the case may be the function

assigned to him.

7.6.3. Depending on the role and responsibility, he shall

have hands on experience in the relevant filed.

For example as ED (Operations) is expected to have

adequate knowledge and experience about the plant

operations and related issues. The suitability of the

candidate shall be determined on a case-to-case basis

by the Committee. Being a Director of the Company,: Managing

Managing Director:

8.1.1. The remuneration comprising of salary, allowance,

perquisites and other benefits payable to Managing

Director will be determined by the Committee and

recommended to the Board for approval.

8.1.2. In addition to the remuneration as stated in 8.1.1.

above,: Managing

Managing Director shall be as per the statutory

provisions of the Act and the rules made thereunder

for the time being in force and shall be subject to the

approval of the shareholders of the Company and

Central Government, wherever required.

8.1.5. The remuneration / commission payable to Managing

Director shall be reviewed by the Board after close of

each Financial Year and based on the Profits made by

the Company in that Financial Year,: Managing Director

shall be paid such enhanced remuneration as the

Board may decide subject to the ceiling limits specified

in Section 197 and other applicable provisions of the

Act read with Schedule V of the Act.

8.1.6. The Managing Director shall not be entitled to sitting

fees for attending the meetings of the Board or any

Committee thereof.

8.2. Remuneration to Executive Director:

8.2.1. Fixed Pay

(a)

Executive Director shall be eligible for a monthly

remuneration as may be approved by the Board

on the recommendation of the Committee in

accordance with the provisions of the Act and

rules made thereunder for the time being in force.

(b)

The Fixed Pay of Executive Director shall comprise

of salary, perquisites, allowances and other

benefits. The perquisites, allowances and other

benefits to the Executive Director shall include

but not be limited to the following:

(i)

Re-imbursement

of

medical

expenses

incurred for self and members of his family,

as per policy of the Company.

(ii)

Leave travel concession for self and

members of his family, as per policy

of the Company.

(iii) Medical and other insurances, as per policy

of the Company.

(iv) Company Car with Driver.

(v)

Company’s contribution to provident fund,

superannuation fund or annuity fund, gratuity

and encashment of leave, as per the policy

of the Company.

(vi) Retirement and other benefits, as per policy

of the Company.

(vii) Hardship Allowance as applicable in accordance

with the policy of the Company.

(c)

The break-up of the pay scale and quantum of

perquisites including, employer’s contribution to P.F,

pension scheme, medical expenses etc. shall be decided

and approved by the Board on the recommendation of

the Committee and approved by the shareholders and

Central Government, wherever required.

8.2.2. Variable Pay

In addition to the salary, perquisites, allowances

and other benefits as mentioned above, Executive

Director will also be entitled to a Variable Pay by way

of Performance Linked Incentive. This amount shall

be paid annually after the end of each Financial Year.

The Performance Linked Incentive shall be in the

range of 0% to 25% of cost to the Company or such

other amount as may be decided by the board of

directors from time to time upon recommendation of

Nomination and Remuneration committee.

8.2.3. Loyalty Bonus

In addition to the above, Executive Director shall

also be entitled for the Loyalty Bonus as per policy

of the Company.

8.2.4. Payment of Variable component / Increments

(a)

Payment

of

Variable

component

of

the

remuneration of the Executive Director for

a particular Financial Year and increments

to the existing remuneration structure of

Executive Director shall be recommended

by the

Managing Director(s) and Executive

Director(s) in accordance with the provisions of Schedule V

of the Act and if it is not able to comply with such provisions,

with the previous approval of the Central Government.

8.4. Remuneration to Independent Director and

Directors other than: Managing Director/ Executive

Director:

8.4.1. Sitting Fees

The Independent Director / Directors other than

Managing Director and Executive Director may receive

remuneration by way of fees for attending meetings of

Board or Committee thereof.

Provided that the amount of such fees shall not exceed

the maximum amount as provided in the Act, per

meeting of the Board or Committee or such amount

as may be prescribed by the Central Government

from time to time.

The Sitting Fee paid to Independent Directors, shall not

be less than the Sitting Fees payable to other Directors.

The sitting Fees payable to Independent Director/

Directors other than Managing Director and Whole-time

Director shall be decided by the Board of Directors

from time to time and shall be reviewed every 3

(Three) years.

8.4.2. Commission on the Net Profits

Apart from receiving the Sitting Fees, Independent

Director(s) / Non-Independent Director(s) may be

paid Commission on the Net Profits of the Company

for a particular Financial Year within the monetary

limit approved by shareholders, subject to the limit

not exceeding 1% of the Net Profits of the Company

computed as per the applicable provisions of the

Act. The amount of Commission payable to each

Independent Director / Non-Independent Director

for a particular Financial Year shall be decided

by the

Managing Director /

Executive Director.

8.6.5. Hardship Allowance and Loyalty Bonus

In addition to the above, KMP and Senior Management

employees shall also be entitled for the Hardship

Allowance and Loyalty Bonus as per policy of

the Company.

8.7. The remuneration to other employees of the Company shall

be governed by DNL HR Policy.

8.8 Loans and Advances to Employees

(a)

The Loan, advance and other financial assistance

facilities to the employees shall be governed by the

DNL HR policy as amended from time to time and shall

be considered as a part of ‘conditions of service’ for

employees of the Company.

(b)

Advances to the employees for the purpose of

performance of his duties shall be governed by the

DNL HR Policy as amended from time to time and shall

be considered as a part of ‘conditions of service’ for

employees of the Company.

9. BOARD DIVERSITY

9.1. The Board of Directors shall have the optimum

combination of Directors from the different areas / fields

like operations, projects, production, management,

quality assurance, finance, legal, sales and marketing,

research and development, Human Resources etc.

or as may be considered appropriate.

9.2. The Board shall have at least one Director who has

accounting or related financial management expertise.

10. DISCLOSURE

This Policy shall be disclosed in the Board’s Report.

11. REVIEW OF THE POLICY

This Policy shall be reviewed by the Committee after

every three years.

12. AMENDMENTS TO THE POLICY

The Board of Directors on its own and / or as per the

recommendations of Nomination and Remuneration

Committee can amend this Policy, as and when deemed fit.

In case of any amendment(s), clarification(s), circular(s) etc.

issued by the competent authorities, not being consistent

with the provisions laid down under this Policy, then such

amendment(s), clarification(s), circular(s) etc. shall prevail

upon the provisions hereunder and this Policy shall stand

amended accordingly from the effective date as laid down

under such amendment(s), clarification(s), circular(s) etc.:

Managing Director

0.00

109.22

Shri Sanjay Upadhyay

Director (Finance) & Group CFO

14.12

77.03

Shri Maulik D. Mehta

Executive Director & CEO

15.20

59.22

Shri Ajay C. Mehta

Non-Executive Director

0.00

2.34

Shri Meghav D. Mehta1

Non-Executive Director

NA*

NA*

Shri Sandesh Kumar Anand

Non-Executive & Non Independent Director

0.00

3.91

Shri Sudhir Mankad2

Independent Director

NA*

NA*

Dr. Richard H. Rupp3

Independent Director

NA*

NA*

Dr. Swaminathan Sivaram4

Independent Director

NA*

NA*

Shri Sanjay Asher

Independent Director

38.89

3.91

Smt. Purvi Sheth

Independent Director

38.89

3.91

Shri Dileep Choksi

Independent Director

0.00

3.13

Shri Punit Lalbhai5

Independent Director

NA*

NA*

Shri Vipul Shah6

Independent Director

NA*

NA*

Shri Prakash Samudra7

Independent Director

NA*

NA*

Shri Somsekhar Nanda8

Chief Financial Officer

NA*

NA

Shri Arvind Bajpai

Company Secretary

14.47

NA

# Excluding sitting fees.

* Since the remuneration is only for part of the year (current/ previous), the percentage increase in remuneration is not comparable hence %

increase in Remuneration in F.Y. 2022-23 and ratio to the median remuneration not stated.

1.

Shri Meghav D. Mehta has been appointed as a Non-Executive Director of the Company w.e.f. May 4, 2022.

2.

Shri Sudhir Mankad ceased to be Independent Director upon completion of his second term on August 7, 2022.

3.

Dr. Richard H. Rupp ceased to be Independent Director upon completion of his second term on August 7, 2022.

4.

Dr. Swaminathan Sivaram ceased to be Independent Director upon completion of his second term on August 7, 2022.

5.

Shri Punit Lalbhai has been appointed as an Independent Director w.e.f. August 8, 2022.

6.

Shri Vipul Shah has been appointed as an Independent Director w.e.f. August 8, 2022.

7.

Shri Prakash Samudra has been appointed as an Independent Director w.e.f. August 8, 2022.

8.

Shri Somsekhar Nanda has been appointed as a Chief Financial Officer w.e.f. August 3, 2022.

Annexure-F:

Managing Director of the Company is also Chairman &: Managing Director of Deepak Phenolics

Limited (“DPL”) a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Company.

As per the term of his appointment, he is entitled to profit related commission from DPL. For the Financial Year 2022-23, the

Commission to Shri Deepak C. Mehta from DPL is ₹ 18 Crores.

Average increase in remuneration of both, managerial and non-managerial personnel were determined based on the overall

performance of the Company.

Key result areas of the managerial personnel are broadly to achieve Company’s growth and performance target, achieving the same

against various adverse externalities globally, devising sustenance strategy to combat global forces like competition, exchange rate

etc, which, in turn, enhance shareholders’ value. Remuneration of the managerial personnel is based on the Nomination and

Remuneration Policy as recommended by the Nomination & Remuneration Committee and approved by the Board of Directors.

As against above, remuneration for non-managerial personnel is based on an internal evaluation of assigned target area which are

broken into subsets of key result areas of the managerial personnel.

4.

It is affirmed that the remuneration is as per the Nomination & Remuneration Policy of the Company.

For and on behalf of the Board

Deepak C. Mehta

Place : Vadodara

Managing Director

Date : May 11, 2023

(DIN: 00028377):

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer and nine (9)

are Non-Executive Directors. Out of nine (9) Non-Executive

Directors, six (6) are Independent Directors including one (1)

woman Independent Director.

The Chairman of the Company is the Executive Director and

Promoter of the Company and hence the requirement that

at least one–half of the Board shall consist of Independent

Directors is complied with during the Financial Year ended

March 31, 2023 as the Company has six (6) Independent

Directors. All of the Independent Directors have extensive

business experience and are independent of the management

of the Company and free from any business or other

relationship, which could materially interfere with the exercise

of their independent judgment.

Composition of Board of Directors as on March 31, 2023

Category

Name of Directors

No. of Directors

% of total number

of Directors

Promoter and Executive Directors

Shri Deepak C. Mehta

Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

and the Executive Directors of the Company do not serve as

Independent Directors in any other listed entity. None of the

Directors held directorships in more than twenty (20) Indian

companies and directorship in more than ten (10) public

limited companies. Moreover, none of the Directors on the

Board of the Company is a member of more than ten (10)

Committees or chairman of five (5) Committees (committees

being Audit Committee and Stakeholders Relationship

Committee) across all Public Companies in India, in which

he/she is a Director. Necessary disclosures regarding their

Committee positions have been made by all the Directors

to the Company.

(ii) Board Meetings

The Board usually meets once in a quarter inter alia to review

the Company’s quarterly performance and Financial Results,

to consider business strategy and their implementation and

also reviews risk, audit, controls, compliances and other

related matters. Quarterly updates on relevant statutory

changes encompassing important laws are regularly

circulated to the Directors.

The Board also reviews performance of its unlisted subsidiary

companies at regular intervals and in addition to the above,

pursuant to the Listing Regulations the minutes of the Board

meetings of the Company’s unlisted subsidiary companies are

also placed before the Board.

During the Financial Year 2022-23, five (5) Board meetings

were held on May 4, 2022, June 23, 2022, August 2, 2022,

November 9, 2022 and February 7, 2023. The gap between

any two meetings was not more than 120 days, ensuring

compliance with the requirement of Regulation 17 (2) of

the Listing Regulations and the Act. The agenda papers and

the explanatory notes were circulated to the Board well in

advance. In order to support green initiative, the Company

has availed a web-based application for transmitting agenda

for the Board/ Committee meetings and the supporting

documents. The necessary quorum as required under the Act

and Listing Regulations was present for all the meetings.

Details of attendance of Directors at the Board meetings

during the Financial Year 2022-23 and at the previous Annual

General Meeting (51st AGM) are as under:

Sr.

No.

Name of the Director

Date of Board Meetings & Attendance

Attendance

at 51st AGM

May

4, 2022

June

23, 2022

August

2, 2022

November

9, 2022

February

7, 2023

1.

Shri Deepak C. Mehta

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

2.

Shri Sanjay Upadhyay

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

3.

Shri Maulik D. Mehta

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

4.

Shri Ajay C. Mehta

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

5.

Shri Meghav D. Mehta#

NA

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

6.

Dr. Richard H. Rupp*

✓

✓

✓

NA

NA

✓

7.

Shri Sudhir Mankad*

✓

✓

✓

NA

NA

✓

8.

Shri Sandesh Kumar Anand

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

9.

Dr. Swaminathan Sivaram*

✓

✓

✓

NA

NA

✓

10.

Shri Sanjay Asher

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

11.

Smt. Purvi Sheth

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

12.

Shri Dileep Choksi

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

13.

Shri Punit Lalbhai@

NA

NA

NA

✓

✓

NA

14.

Shri Vipul Shah@

NA

NA

NA

✓

✓

NA

15.

Shri Prakash Samudra@

NA

NA

NA

✓

✓

NA

✓ Present, NA – Not applicable.

# Appointed as Non-Executive Director liable to retire by rotation, with effect from May 4, 2022.

* Ceased to be Independent Directors upon completion of second term of their appointment on August 7, 2022.

@ Appointed as Independent Directors with effect from August 8, 2022 for a term of three (3) consecutive years.:

Managing Director

Shri Sanjay Upadhyay

Deepak Nitrite Limited

Director (Finance) & Group CFO

Shri Maulik D. Mehta

Deepak Nitrite Limited

Executive Director & CEO

Shri Ajay C. Mehta

Deepak Nitrite Limited

Non-Executive Director

Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited

Independent Director

Shri Meghav D. Mehta

Deepak Nitrite Limited

Non-Executive Director

Shri Sandesh Kumar Anand

Deepak Nitrite Limited

Non-Executive Director

Shri Sanjay Asher

Deepak Nitrite Limited

Independent Director

Sun Pharmaceuticals Limited

Independent Director

Meghmani Finechem Limited

Independent Director

Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited

Independent Director

Ashok Leyland Limited

Independent Director

Indusind Bank Limited

Independent Director

Sonata Software Limited

Independent Director

Smt. Purvi Sheth

Deepak Nitrite Limited

Independent Director

Ambuja Cements Limited

Independent Director

Kirloskar Oil Engines Limited

Independent Director

Kirloskar Industries Limited

Independent Director

Shri Dileep Choksi

Deepak Nitrite Limited

Independent Director

Arvind Limited

Independent Director

AIA Engineering Limited

Independent Director

Swaraj Engines Limited

Independent Director

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited

Independent Director

Shri Punit Lalbhai

Deepak Nitrite Limited

Independent Director

Arvind Limited

Executive Director

The Anup Engineering Limited

Non-Executive Director

Arvind Fashions Limited

Non-Executive Director

Shri Vipul Shah

Deepak Nitrite Limited

Independent Director

Shri Prakash Samudra

Deepak Nitrite Limited

Independent Director

As per the requirement of Regulation 24(1) of Listing Regulations, Shri Sanjay Asher, Independent Director, is also on the Board of

Directors of unlisted material subsidiary, Deepak Phenolics Limited.:

Managing Director, Executive Director & CEO,

Director (Finance) & Group CFO, the Chief Financial Officer and

the Company Secretary of the Company regarding compliance

with all applicable laws, on a quarterly basis. In addition to

the above, pursuant to the Listing Regulations the minutes

of the Board meetings of your Company’s unlisted subsidiary

companies and a statement of all significant transactions

and arrangements with related parties entered into by the

Company are also placed before the Board.

The Company Secretary tracks and monitors Board and

Committee proceedings to ensure that the Terms of Reference/

Charters are adhered to, decisions are properly recorded in the

minutes and actions on the decisions are tracked. The Terms

of Reference/Charters are amended and updated from time to

time in order to keep the functions and role of the Board and

Committees at par with the changing statutes.

With an objective to ensure maximum presence of

Independent Directors in the Board Meeting, dates of the

Board meetings are fixed in advance after consultation with

individual Directors and considering their convenience.

The agenda is circulated well in advance to the Board members,

along with comprehensive back-ground information on the

items in the agenda to enable the Board members to take

informed decisions. Wherever it is not practicable to attach

any document to the agenda, the same is tabled before the

meeting with specific reference to this effect in the agenda.

The agenda and related information are circulated in

electronic form and also through a highly secured web based

application, which is available to the Board members through

tablet/laptop. This has reduced paper consumption, thus

enhancing the sustainability efforts of the Company.

In case of special and urgent business needs, the Board’s

approval is taken by passing resolutions by circulation,

as permitted by law, which is noted and confirmed at the

subsequent Board Meeting.

(iv) Disclosure of relationships between Directors

inter-se

Shri Deepak C. Mehta, the Chairman &: Managing Director and

Shri Ajay C. Mehta, Non-Executive Director of the Company are

brothers. Shri Maulik D. Mehta and Shri Meghav D. Mehta are

son of Shri Deepak C. Mehta, the

letter of appointment is given

to him, which inter alia explains the roles, rights, duties and

responsibilities expected of him as a Director of the Company.

The Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director/Wholetime Director;

2)

Formulation of the criteria for effective evaluation

of performance of Board, its Committee and

individual Directors;

3)

Devising a policy on diversity of Boards of Directors;

4)

Identifying persons who are qualified to become

Directors and who may be appointed as KMP or

one level below Chief Executive Officer/Managing

Director/Whole-time Director. in accordance with

the criteria laid down and recommend to the

Board their appointment and removal;

5)

Whether to extend or continue the term of

appointment of the Independent Directors, on the

basis of the report of performance evaluation of

Independent Directors;

6)

To recommend to the Board, all remuneration, in

whatever form, payable to KMPs and employees

one level below Chief Executive Officer/Managing

Director/Whole-time Director; and

7)

Such other terms as may be required under the Act

or the Listing Regulations.

The

Committee

recommends

remuneration

package of Executive Directors to the Board by

reference to individual performance, experience

and market conditions with a view to provide a

remuneration package which is appropriate for the

responsibilities involved. In reviewing the overall

remuneration of the Directors, Key Managerial

Personnel and one level below Chief Executive

Officer/: Managing Director/Whole-time Director,

the Committee ensures that the remuneration

is reasonable and sufficient to attract, retain

and motivate the best managerial talent.

The relationship of remuneration to performance

is clear and meets appropriate performance

benchmarks and that the remuneration involves

a balance between fixed and variable pay

reflecting short term and long term objectives

of the Company.

(iii) Meetings and Attendance thereat

Three (3) meetings of the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee were held during the Financial Year 2022- 23

on May 3, 2022, August 1, 2022 and February 6, 2023.

The necessary quorum was present for all the meetings.

The attendance at the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee meetings held during Financial Year

2022-23 are as under:

Name of Member

No. of Nomination

& Remuneration

Committee

Meetings held

during tenure of

Director

No. of

Nomination &

Remuneration

Committee

Meetings

attended

Shri Sudhir Mankad

2

2

Shri Sandesh Kumar

Anand

3

3

Smt. Purvi Sheth

3

3

Shri Sanjay Asher

1

1

Shri Sudhir Mankad,

Managing Director

Shri Sanjay Upadhyay

Member

Director (Finance) &

Group CFO

Shri Punit Lalbhai3

Member

Independent Director

Smt. Purvi Sheth3

Member

Independent Director

1Shri Sudhir Mankad and Dr. Swaminathan Sivaram ceased to be

Chairman and Member of the Committee, respectively w.e.f. August 8,

2022, upon completion of their second term as Independent Directors

on August 7, 2022.

2Shri Deepak C. Mehta was designated as the Chairman of CSR Committee

in place of Shri Sudhir Mankad with effect from August 8, 2022.

3Shri Punit Lalbhai and Smt. Purvi Sheth were inducted as members of

CSR Committee w.e.f. August 8, 2022.

(ii) Terms of Reference

The terms of reference of the Corporate Social

Responsibility Committee are as under:

1)

To formulate and recommend to the Board

a

Corporate

Social

Responsibility

Policy

(“CSR Policy”).

2)

To recommend the amount of expenditure to be

incurred on the activities listed in CSR Policy.

3)

To monitor the CSR Policy of the Company

from time to time.

4)

Such other roles and functions as may be

prescribed in the Act and Rules made thereunder.

(iii) Meetings and Attendance thereat

Three (3) meetings of the Corporate Social Responsibility

Committee were held during the Financial Year 2022-23

on May 3, 2022, August 2, 2022 and February 24, 2023.

The necessary quorum was present for all the meetings.:

Managing Director

Shri Sandesh Kumar

Anand

Member

Non-Executive & Non-

Independent Director

Shri Sanjay Upadhyay

Member

Director (Finance) &

Group CFO

Shri Maulik D. Mehta

Member

Executive Director

& CEO

Dr. Swaminathan

Sivaram1

Member

Independent Director

Shri Vipul Shah2

Member

Independent Director

1 Dr. Swaminathan Sivaram ceased to be member of the Risk

Management Committee w.e.f. August 8, 2022, upon completion

of his second term as Independent Directors on August 7, 2022.

2 Shri Vipul Shah was inducted as a member of the Risk

Management Committee w.e.f. August 8, 2022.

The Company Secretary of the Company acts as

Secretary to the Committee.:

Managing Director / Executive

Directors

The remuneration of Chairman &: Managing Director comprises

of salary, allowances, perquisites and other benefits.

In addition, the

Managing Director and Executive Directors for the financial year 2022-23 are as under:

(₹ in Crores)

Name

Salary &

Allowances

Perquisites

Retirement

Benefits

Commission /

Variable Pay

Total

Shri Deepak C. Mehta

4.60

1.55

0.84

Nil*

6.99

Shri Maulik D. Mehta

2.03

0.67

0.37

0.72

3.79

Shri Sanjay Upadhyay

2.59

0.78

0.61

0.95

4.93

Total

9.22

3.00

1.82

1.67

15.71

* As per the terms of appointment of Shri Deepak C. Mehta, in addition to the fixed remuneration by way of salary, perquisites and other benefits, he

is also entitled to the Commission on the Net Profits of the Company calculated in accordance with Section 198 of the Act. However, since the Board

of Directors of Deepak Phenolics Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary, at their meeting held on May 9, 2023 approved payment of Commission of

₹ 18 Crores to Shri Deepak C. Mehta for the Financial Year 2022-23, he has not opted any Commission from the Company.

the Company other than the sitting fee, re-imbursement

of expenses for attending the meetings of the Board of

Directors or Committees thereof and such Commission on

the Net Profits of the Company as determined by the Board

from time to time within the overall approval given by the

shareholders and pursuant to the relevant provisions of the

Act. The Commission payable to Independent Directors and

Non-Independent Non-Executive Directors is calculated

as per the provisions of the Act. No remuneration by way

of Commission was paid to any single Non-Executive

Director in excess of fifty percent (50%) of the total annual

remuneration by way of Commission payable to all

Non-Executive Directors.

The amount of Commission to Independent Directors and

Non-Independent Non-Executive Directors is determined on

the basis of: (a) attendance and time spent for the meetings of

Board and Committees thereof; (b) attendance at the General

Meeting(s) of the Company during the particular year; (c) roles

and responsibilities as Chairman and/or Member of respective

Committee; (d) individual contribution at the meetings

and contribution made by the Directors on various matters

of the Company.

Since the term of Shri Deepak C. Mehta as the Chairman &: Managing Director is upto December 13, 2023, the Board

of Directors, at their meeting held on May 11, 2023 has

recommended to the shareholders for their approval at the

ensuing Annual General Meeting by way of Special Resolution,

the re-appointment of Shri Deepak C. Mehta as the

letter was also sent to the Shareholders

detailing the above requirements. The relevant forms

can be downloaded from the website of the Company at

www.godeepak.com and also from the website of the RTA at

www.linkintime.co.in.

f)

Chairman Communique

At every AGM, the Chairman addresses the Shareholders

on Company’s operations and performance with his

speech. Further, the Chairman’s Statement addressing the

Shareholders is also being published in the Annual Reports

of the Company.

(g) Website

The Company has a dedicated section on ‘Investor Relation’

on its corporate website www.godeepak.com which

encompasses all the information for the investors like

financial results, policies and codes, stock exchange filings,

press releases, annual reports, etc.

7.

GENERAL SHAREHOLDER’S INFORMATION

The details of 52nd Annual General Meeting and other General Shareholder’s information are as under:

(i)

Annual General Meeting

Day & Date

: Friday, August 4, 2023

Time

: 11:30 A.M. (IST)

Venue

: Through Video Conference / Other Audio Visual Means (‘VC’/ ‘OAVM’) at Vadodara

Financial Year

: April 1, 2022 to March 31, 2023

Record Date / Book Closure

: July 28, 2023 to August 4, 2023 (both days inclusive)

Dividend payment date

: The dividend shall be paid within statutory time limit of 30 days from the date of Annual General Meeting i.e. on or

before September 3, 2023.

(ii) Financial Calendar

Results for the Quarter ending

Tentative Time of Reporting

June 30, 2023

On or before August 14, 2023

September 30, 2023

On or before November 14, 2023

December 31, 2023

On or before February 14, 2024

Audited Annual Accounts for the year ending March 31, 2024

On or before May 30, 2024

(iii) Listing on Stock Exchanges

The Company’s Equity Shares are listed on the following Stock Exchanges:

Name & Address of Stock Exchanges

Stock Code

ISIN with NSDL & CDSL

BSE Limited

Pheroz Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street,

Fort, Mumbai

506401

INE288B01029

National Stock Exchange of India Limited

Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G,

Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai

DEEPAKNTR

INE288B01029

The Securities of the Company have not been suspended from trading during the Financial Year 2022-23 and the requisite Listing fees

for Financial Year 2023-24 has been paid to both the Stock Exchanges.:

Letter of Confirmation in lieu of the share certificates while

processing any of the aforesaid investor service requests.

Accordingly, Members are requested to make service

requests by submitting a duly filled and signed Form ISR – 4,

the format of which is available on the Company website at

https://www.godeepak.com/investor-related-forms/. In view:

letter.

3.

File Form IEPF-5 on IEPF website and send self-attested

copies of IEPF-5 form along with the acknowledgement

(SRN), Indemnity bond and entitlement: letter to RTA.

4.

On receipt of the physical documents mentioned above,

Company will submit e-Verification report, for further

processing by the IEPF Authority.

Members are requested to note that no claims shall lie

against the Company in respect of the dividend/shares

transferred to IEPF.

(xii) Green Initiatives

In compliance with the provisions of Section 20 of the Act

and as a continuing endeavour towards the ‘Go Green’

initiative, the Company proposes to send all correspondence/

communications through email to those Shareholders

who have registered their email id with their depository

participant’s/Company’s RTA.

(xiii) Commodity Price Risk or Foreign Exchange Risk

and hedging activities

The Company has adequate Risk Assessment and

Minimisation system in place including Foreign Exchange.

The Foreign Exchange Risk is managed through the hedging

strategy of the Company which is reviewed periodically.

The Company does not have material exposure of any

commodity and accordingly, no hedging activities for the

same is carried out. Therefore, there is no disclosure to

offer in terms of SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/

CIR/P/2018/0000000141 dated November 15, 2018.

(xiv) Plant Locations

1.

Nitrite & Nitroaromatics Division

4/12 GIDC Chemical Complex, Nandesari - 391 340,

Dist. Vadodara, Gujarat

2.

Taloja Chemicals Division

Plot Nos. K/9-10, MIDC Taloja,

Dist. Raigad - 410 208, Maharashtra

3.

Roha Division

Plot Nos. 1, 2, 26 & 27

MIDC Dhatav, Roha - 402 116,

Dist. Raigad, Maharashtra

4.

Hyderabad Specialities Division

Plot Nos. 70-A & B, 90-F/70-A and 22,

Phase I, Industrial Development Area, Jeedimetla,

Tal.Quthbullapur Mandal, Dist. Ranga Reddy,

Hyderabad – 500 055, Telangana

5.

Dahej Division

12/B/2, GIDC, Dahej,

Dist. Bharuch, Gujarat – 392 130

Managing Director

Date : May 11, 2023

(DIN: 00028377):

Managing Director

DIN: 00028377

Maulik Mehta

Executive Director & CEO

DIN: 05227290

Dileep Choksi

Director

DIN: 00016322

Kartikeya Raval

Partner

Sanjay Upadhyay

Director-Finance & Group CFO

DIN: 01776546

Somsekhar Nanda

CFO

Arvind Bajpai

Company Secretary

Membership No.: F6713

Vadodara: May 11, 2023

Vadodara: May 11, 2023:

Managing Director

DIN: 00028377

Maulik Mehta

Executive Director & CEO

DIN: 05227290

Dileep Choksi

Director

DIN: 00016322

Kartikeya Raval

Partner

Sanjay Upadhyay

Director-Finance & Group CFO

DIN: 01776546

Somsekhar Nanda

CFO

Arvind Bajpai

Company Secretary

Membership No.: F6713

Vadodara: May 11, 2023

Vadodara: May 11, 2023

Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss

for the Year ended March 31, 2023

Corporate Identification Number: L24110GJ1970PLC001735

` in Crores

Notes

For the year ended

March 31, 2023

For the year ended

March 31, 2022

I.

Revenue from Operations

25

3,033.55

2,511.05

II.

Other Income

26

101.58

70.80

III.

Total Income (I+II)

3,135.13

2,581.85

IV.

Expenses:

(a)

Cost of Materials Consumed

27

1,725.16

1,306.83

(b)

Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods and Work-in-Progress

28

(55.48)

(85.49)

(c)

Employee Benefits Expense

29

229.59

196.74

(d)

Power & Fuel Expenses

30

242.60

205.98

(e)

Finance Costs

31

1.57

1.60

(f)

Depreciation and Amortisation Expense

32

76.16

72.54

(g)

Other Expenses

33

305.69

241.64

Total Expenses (IV)

2,525.29

1,939.84

V.

Profit Before Exceptional Items and Tax (III-IV)

609.84

642.01

VI.

Exceptional Items

48

-

-

VII.

Profit before Tax (V-VI)

609.84

642.01

VIII. Tax Expense:

(a)

Current Tax

133.72

152.52

(b)

Deferred Tax

6.73

3.28

IX.

Profit for the Year (VII-VIII)

469.39

486.21

X.

Other Comprehensive Income:

Items that will not be Reclassified to Profit and Loss:

(a)

Remeasurement of Defined Benefit Obligations (Net)

(6.73)

0.34

(b)

Tax Effect on remeasurement of Defined Benefit obligations (net)

1.71

(0.08)

(c)

Fair Value Gains on Investments

0.22

(0.27)

(d)

Tax effect of Fair Value Gains on Investments

(0.05)

0.07

Total Other Comprehensive Income for the Year (X)

(4.85)

0.06

XI.

Total Comprehensive Income for the Year (IX+X)

464.54

486.27

Earnings Per Equity Share

(a)

Basic (Nominal Value per Share ` 2)

43

34.41

35.65

(b)

Diluted (Nominal Value per Share ` 2)

43

34.41

35.65:

Managing Director

DIN: 00028377

Maulik Mehta

Executive Director & CEO

DIN: 05227290

Dileep Choksi

Director

DIN: 00016322

Kartikeya Raval

Partner

Sanjay Upadhyay

Director-Finance & Group CFO

DIN: 01776546

Somsekhar Nanda

CFO

Arvind Bajpai

Company Secretary

Membership No.: F6713

Vadodara: May 11, 2023

Vadodara: May 11, 2023

Notes:

1.

The Standalone Cash flow Statement has been prepared under the ‘Indirect Method’ set out in Ind AS 7 ‘Cash Flow Statement’.

2.

Disclosure with regards to changes in liabilities arising from Financing activities as set out in Ind AS 7 ‘Cash Flow Statement’ is presented under

note 39.7.:

Managing Director

DIN: 00028377

Maulik Mehta

Executive Director & CEO

DIN: 05227290

Dileep Choksi

Director

DIN: 00016322

Kartikeya Raval

Partner

Sanjay Upadhyay

Director-Finance & Group CFO

DIN: 01776546

Somsekhar Nanda

CFO

Arvind Bajpai

Company Secretary

Membership No.: F6713

Vadodara: May 11, 2023

Vadodara: May 11, 2023:

Director's Sitting Fees

0.32

0.22

(t)

Other Directors Commission

1.95

1.81

Total

305.69

241.64:

Managing Director

Shri Maulik D. Mehta

Executive Director & Chief Executive Officer

Shri Sanjay Upadhyay

Director (Finance) & Group CFO (from August 03, 2022): Director (Finance) & CFO (upto August 02, 2022)

Shri Somsekhar Nanda

Chief Financial Officer (from August 03, 2022); Deputy CFO (upto August 02, 2022)

(iii) Entities over which key managerial personnel or their relatives are able to exercise significant Influence

Check Point Credits & Capital Private Limited * Deepak Cybit Private Limited * Deepak Fertilizers and Petrochemicals Corporation

Limited *Deepak Gulf LLC, Sultanate of Oman* Deepak Foundation * Deepak International Limited * Deepak Medical Foundation *

Deepak Research and Development Foundation * Deepak Novochem Technologies Limited. * Forex Leafin Private Limited * Hardik

Leafin Private Limited * Pranawa Leafin Private Limited * Skyrose Finvest Private Limited * Stepup Credits & Capital Private Limited *

Stiffen Credits and Capital Private Limited * Stigma Credits & Capital Private Limited * Storewell Credits and Capital Private Limited*

Sundown Finvest Private Limited

(iv) Relative of Key Management Personnel

Shri Chimanlal K. Mehta

Shri Meghav D. Mehta

Smt Ila D. Mehta:

Managing Director

DIN: 00028377

Maulik Mehta

Executive Director & CEO

DIN: 05227290

Dileep Choksi

Director

DIN: 00016322

Sanjay Upadhyay

Director-Finance & Group CFO

DIN: 01776546

Somsekhar Nanda

CFO

Arvind Bajpai

Company Secretary

Membership No.: F6713

Vadodara: May 11, 2023:

Managing Director

DIN: 00028377

Maulik Mehta

Executive Director & CEO

DIN: 05227290

Dileep Choksi

Director

DIN: 00016322

Sanjay Upadhyay

Director-Finance & Group CFO

DIN: 01776546

Somsekhar Nanda

CFO

Arvind Bajpai

Company Secretary

Membership No.: F6713

Vadodara: May 11, 2023:

Managing Director

DIN: 00028377

Maulik Mehta

Executive Director & CEO

DIN: 05227290

Dileep Choksi

Director

DIN: 00016322

Kartikeya Raval

Partner

Sanjay Upadhyay

Director-Finance & Group CFO

DIN: 01776546

Somsekhar Nanda

CFO

Arvind Bajpai

Company Secretary

Membership No.: F6713

Vadodara: May 11, 2023

Vadodara: May 11, 2023:

Managing Director

DIN: 00028377

Maulik Mehta

Executive Director & CEO

DIN: 05227290

Dileep Choksi

Director

DIN: 00016322

Kartikeya Raval

Partner

Sanjay Upadhyay

Director-Finance & Group CFO

DIN: 01776546

Somsekhar Nanda

CFO

Arvind Bajpai

Company Secretary

Membership No.: F6713

Vadodara: May 11, 2023

Vadodara: May 11, 2023

Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss

for the Year ended March 31, 2023

Corporate Identification Number: L24110GJ1970PLC001735

₹ in Crores

Notes

For the year ended

March 31, 2023

For the year ended

March 31, 2022

I.

Revenue from Operations

28

7,972.06

6,802.19

II.

Other Income

29

47.58

42.61

III.

Total Income (I+II)

8,019.64

6,844.80

IV.

Expenses:

(a)

Cost of Materials Consumed

30

5,394.56

4,205.30

(b)

Purchase of Stock-in-Trade

144.06

5.65

(c)

Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods,

Work-in-Progress and Stock-in-Trade

31

(191.11)

(96.60)

(d)

Employee Benefits Expense

32

318.25

274.11

(e)

Power & Fuel Expenses

33

541.93

438.61

(f)

Finance Costs

34

24.78

34.04

(g)

Depreciation and Amortisation Expense

35

166.30

177.70

(h)

Other Expenses

36

474.99

371.54

Total Expenses (IV)

6,873.76

5,410.35

V.

Profit before Exceptional Items and tax (III-IV)

1,145.88

1,434.45

VI.

Exceptional Items

49

-

-

VII.

Profit before tax (V-VI)

1,145.88

1,434.45

VIII. Tax Expense:

(a)

Current Tax

258.63

352.79

(b)

Deferred Tax

35.25

15.02

IX.

Profit for the Year (VII-VIII)

852.00

1,066.64

X.

Other Comprehensive Income:

Items that will not be Reclassified to Profit and Loss:

(a)

Remeasurement of Defined Benefit Obligations (Net)

(6.89)

0.48

(b)

Tax Effect on remeasurement of Defined Benefit obligations (Net)

1.73

(0.11)

(c)

Fair Value Gains on Investments

0.22

(0.27)

(d)

Tax effect of Fair Value Gains on Investments

(0.06)

0.07

Total Other Comprehensive Income for the Year (X)

(5.00)

0.17

XI.

Total Comprehensive Income for the year (IX+X)

847.00

1,066.81

XII.

Profit is attributable to:

Owners of the Group

852.00

1,066.64

Non-Controlling Interest

-

-

XIII. Other Comprehensive Income is attributable to:

Owners of the Group

(5.00)

0.17

Non-Controlling Interest

-

-

XIV.

Total Comprehensive Income is attributable to:

Owners of the Group

847.00

1,066.81

Non-Controlling Interest

-

-

Earnings Per Equity Share

(a)

Basic (Nominal Value per share ` 2)

45

62.46

78.20

(b)

Diluted (Nominal Value per share ` 2)

45

62.46

78.20:

Managing Director

DIN: 00028377

Maulik Mehta

Executive Director & CEO

DIN: 05227290

Dileep Choksi

Director

DIN: 00016322

Kartikeya Raval

Partner

Sanjay Upadhyay

Director-Finance & Group CFO

DIN: 01776546

Somsekhar Nanda

CFO

Arvind Bajpai

Company Secretary

Membership No.: F6713

Vadodara: May 11, 2023

Vadodara: May 11, 2023

Notes:

1.

The Consolidated Cash Flow Statement has been prepared under the ‘Indirect Method’ set out in Ind AS 7 ‘Cash Flow Statement’.

2.

Disclosure with regards to changes in liabilities arising from Financing activities as set out in Ind AS 7 ‘Cash Flow Statement’ is presented under

note 42.7.:

Managing Director

DIN: 00028377

Maulik Mehta

Executive Director & CEO

DIN: 05227290

Dileep Choksi

Director

DIN: 00016322

Kartikeya Raval

Partner

Sanjay Upadhyay

Director-Finance & Group CFO

DIN: 01776546

Somsekhar Nanda

CFO

Arvind Bajpai

Company Secretary

Membership No.: F6713

Vadodara: May 11, 2023

Vadodara: May 11, 2023:

Director's Sitting Fees

0.52

0.35

(t)

Other Directors Commission

3.67

3.25

(u)

Provision for Inventory Obsolescence

1.72

-

Total

474.99

371.54

37. RELATED PARTIES DISCLOSURES

A)

Name of Related Party and nature of relationship

(i)

Key Management Personnel

Shri Deepak C. Mehta

Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

DIN: 00028377

Maulik Mehta

Executive Director & CEO

DIN: 05227290

Dileep Choksi

Director

DIN: 00016322

Sanjay Upadhyay

Director-Finance & Group CFO

DIN: 01776546

Somsekhar Nanda

CFO

Arvind Bajpai

Company Secretary

Membership No.: F6713

Vadodara: May 11, 2023:

