letter dated 21st July 2023 and pursuant to Regulation 34(1) of the

SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find

enclosed the Integrated Annual Report for the financial year ended 31st March 2023 along with

Notice of the 76th Annual General Meeting of Grasim Industries Limited (‘the Company’) to be

held on Friday, 25th August 2023 at 11:30 a.m. (IST) through Video Conference (‘VC’) / Other

Audio-Visual Means (‘OAVM’).

The Integrated Annual Report for the financial year ended 31st March 2023 and the Notice of the

76th AGM are being dispatched electronically to the members whose email IDs are registered

with the Company / KFin Technologies Limited, Registrar and Transfer Agent of the Company

and the Depositories and is also uploaded on the Company’s website and can be accessed at

https://www.grasim.com/investors/results-reports-and-presentations.

The above is for your information and record.

Thanking you,

Yours sincerely,

For Grasim Industries Limited

Sailesh Kumar Daga

Company Secretary

FCS-4164

Encl: as above

Cc:

Luxembourg Stock Exchange

Market & Surveillance Dept., P.O.

Box 165, L-2011 Luxembourg,

Grand Duchy of Luxembourg,

Europe

Citibank N.A.

Depositary Receipt

Services

390 Greenwich Street,

4th Floor, New York,

NY 10013

Citibank N.A.

Custodial Services

FIFC, 9th Floor, C-54 & 55,

G Block Bandra Kurla

Complex, Bandra (East),

Mumbai-400098

SAILESH

KUMAR

DAGA

Digitally signed

by SAILESH

KUMAR DAGA

Date: 2023.07.24

21:50:29 +05'30':

Managing Director of the Company

To consider and, if thought ﬁt, to pass the following resolution

as an Ordinary Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections

196, 197, 198 and 203 read with Schedule V and other

applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the

Act’), the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of

Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory

modiﬁcation(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being

in force), the Articles of Association of the Company and all

applicable guidelines issued by the Central Government

from time to time and subject to such other approvals as

may be necessary and as recommended by Nomination

and Remuneration Committee and approved by the Board

of Directors, consent of the Members be and is hereby

accorded for re-appointment of Mr. Harikrishna Agarwal

(DIN:09288720), as the: Managing

Managing Director shall be governed

by such other Rules as are applicable to the Senior Executives

of the Company from time to time.

E.

For the purposes of Gratuity, Provident Fund, Superannuation

and other like beneﬁts, if any, the service of Mr. Harikrishna

Agarwal,: Managing

Letter, etc.

7.

KFin Technologies Limited, the Company’s Registrar and

Transfer Agent ('KFinTech'/’RTA’), will provide the facility for

voting through remote e-voting, for participating in the AGM

through VC/OAVM facility and e-Voting (Insta-Poll) during

the AGM.

8.

In terms of the provisions of Section 152 of the Act,

Mr. Kumar Mangalam Birla and Dr. Santrupt Misra, Directors,

who retire by rotation and being eligible, offer themselves for

re-appointment at the AGM.

The details of the Directors retiring by rotation and seeking

re-appointment are provided in the “Annexure” to the Notice.

9.

Dispatch of Annual Report through Electronic Mode

In compliance with the Circulars, Notice of the AGM along

with the Annual Report for the FY 2022-23 is being sent only

through electronic mode to those Members, whose e-mail

IDs are registered with KFinTech/Depositories. Members

may note that the Notice and the Annual Report for the

FY 2022-23 are available on the following websites:

Particulars

Website

Grasim Industries Limited

www.grasim.com

BSE Limited

www.bseindia.com

National Stock Exchange of India

Limited

www.nseindia.com

KFinTech

https://evoting.kﬁntech.

com

Members who have still not registered/updated their e-mail

IDs are requested to register/update at the earliest:

a)

Members holding shares in physical mode and who

have not registered/updated their e-mail IDs with

the Company are requested to register/update their

e-mail IDs by sending duly ﬁlled in Form ISR-1 (Form

for registering PAN, KYC details or changes/updation

thereof) to KFinTech at Selenium Building, Tower-B,

Plot No. 31 & 32, Financial District, Nanakramguda,

Serilingampally, Hyderabad, Rangareddy, Telangana,

India – 500 032. Form ISR-1 is available on the website

of the Company at https://www.grasim.com/investors/

investors-forms

b)

Members holding shares in dematerialised mode are

requested to register/update their e-mail IDs with the

relevant Depository Participants.

c)

The Audited Accounts of the Company and its subsidiary

companies are available on the Company’s website at

https://www.grasim.com/investors/results-reports-

and-presentations We urge Members to support this

Green Initiative effort of the Company and get their

email IDs registered.:

letter, addressed

to KFinTech:

•

Share Certiﬁcate(s)

•

copy of PAN Card(s) of all the Members

•

Member’s e-mail ID and mobile number

Upon receipt of the above documents, the Company will

consolidate the holdings and issue: letter of conﬁrmation

in lieu of consolidated share certiﬁcate. This will not only

facilitate speedy communication but also result in faster

disbursal of future dividend.

It is also recommended that Members consider

converting their shareholdings in physical mode to

demat mode.

XI.

SEBI has vide Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_

RTAMB/P/ CIR/2021/655 dated 3rd November 2021

read with SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/

CIR/2021/687 dated 14th December 2021 and SEBI/HO/

MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2023/37 dated 16th March

2023, mandated furnishing of details of PAN, e-mail

address, mobile number, bank account and nomination

by holders of physical securities. Further, it is stated

that folios wherein any one of the cited document/

details are not furnished or made available on or after

1st October 2023, the relevant folio(s) shall be frozen

by the the RTA. After 31st December 2025, the frozen

folios shall be referred by RTA/ the Company to the

administering authority under the Benami Transactions

(Prohibitions) Act, 1988 and/or Prevention of Money

Laundering Act, 2002. The requisite forms are available

on the website of the Company https://www.grasim.

com/investors/investors-forms. Members are

requested to get in touch with RTA in this regard.

Managing Director

of the Company for a further period of 2 years with effect from

1st December 2023 to 30th November 2025, subject to the

approval of Members, on the terms and conditions including

remuneration as recommended by the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee and approved by the Board. He will

also continue to be a Key Managerial Personnel of the Company.

Brief Proﬁle of Mr. Harikrishna Agarwal

Mr. Harikrishna Agarwal, the: Managing Director of the Company,

is a veteran professional in the Aditya Birla Group (ABG). He has

been associated with ABG for more than four decades and has

played diverse roles in the Cement, Chemicals, and Pulp & Fibre

businesses across India, South East Asia, and China.

He started his career with ABG in 1982 as Management Trainee at

Rajashree Cement, a Division of Indian Rayon. He subsequently

worked with TANFAC as Chief Commercial Executive before moving

to Thailand as Vice-president (Commercial), Thai Peroxide in 1987

and became its Unit Head in 1995. In 2000, he moved to Epoxy

Division in Thailand as Unit Head of Thai Epoxy and was Unit Head

of Epoxy Division and Chlor Alkali Division from 2004 until 2009.

In 2009, he moved to Thai Rayon as Unit Head. In 2013, he took on

the role of COO, Pulp and Fibre-SEA & China and Country Head,

Group Affairs- Thailand. He returned to India in 2015 to take on the

role of COO- Global Manufacturing with Pulp and Fibre Business.

Mr. Agarwal is an All-India rank holder -Chartered Accountant. He

has done an Executive MBA from Sasin, Chulalongkorn University,

Bangkok, and Advance Management Programme (AMP) from

Harvard Business School. He is also a recipient of

Managing Director of the

Company as set out in the resolution are subject to approval of

the Members. The Remuneration as proposed is in accordance with

the remuneration policy of the Company and is commensurate with

the nature of qualiﬁcation and experience in the similar business

and the amount of remuneration drawn by his peers. So long as

Mr. Agarwal acts as the: Managing

Dear Shareholders,

The foundation of our Group rests on a

philosophy of trusteeship, which imagines

corporations as institutions that drive

collective prosperity. This philosophy has

played an integral role in shaping our

actions for generations, guiding us in our

quest to enrich lives. Over the years, this

purpose, though unstated, has been our

unwavering anchor.

In FY23, we formally put to words our

Group’s purpose statement. At its

heart is the commitment to enrich lives

by building dynamic and responsible

businesses and institutions that inspire

trust. Every day, we strive to honour

this commitment through our brands,

products, services, solutions, actions,

relationships, and institutions.

Our purpose statement stands

both timeless and fresh against the

backdrop of our extensive history.

In a world of increasing opportunity,

and also accelerating uncertainty, our

purpose statement is meant to act as a

talisman and remain at the core of our

business decisions.

Our purpose offers us a unique lens

with which to view the world, to bring

perspective to it, and to thrive in it. Guided

by this unique perspective, we navigate

the evolving global landscape with

resilience and foresight. As we turn our

attention to the current state of the global

economy, it is evident that we are charting

a course through a 'new normal’.

GLOBAL ECONOMY: FINDING

A NEW NORMAL

The global economy continues to pull

itself out of the pandemic-triggered

shock. It does so amid a complex

environment marked by the ongoing

conﬂict in Ukraine, geo-economic

fragmentation, soaring interest

rates, and looming risks of a banking

contagion. Reﬂecting these concerns,

the International Monetary Fund (IMF)

expects global economic growth to

dip from 3.4% in CY22 to 2.8% in CY23.

Developed countries are predicted

to experience a more pronounced

deceleration, their aggregate growth

stumbling to just 1.3% in CY23-the

slowest pace in a decade, excluding the

pandemic-impacted CY20.

On the brighter side, China's economy

marches towards normalisation

following the lifting of its COVID-related

restrictions. Both China and India are

set to signiﬁcantly contribute to global

economic growth in CY23, providing a

much-needed stimulus as developed

economies grapple with challenges.

Meanwhile, global supply chain pressures

have largely normalised, helping ease

commodity prices and peak inﬂation

levels in most economies. Central banks,

led by the US Federal Reserve, appear to

be nearing the end of their rate-hiking

phase, signalling cautious optimism

for the global economy and ﬁnancial

markets. However, vigilance remains

crucial in the face of potential risk events

in this fragile environment.

INDIA: THE SHINING STAR

India's economic narrative paints a much

brighter picture. With a government-led

push to infrastructure investments

and pragmatic policies such as the

production-linked incentives scheme,

private capex has seen a surge. This rise

triggers a multi-year boom, providing

valuable support to economic growth

in the face of softening global demand.

A decadal reshaping of supply chains is

underway. As global corporations start

to look at countries across Asia as part

of their China + 1 strategies, India is well

positioned to beneﬁt. Supported by

the dynamism of its tech-based 'new

economy' enterprises and the expanding

digitisation across sectors, India's growth

momentum continues to strengthen.

The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) projects

India's economy to grow at 6.5% in FY24,

demonstrating the nation's resilience

amidst subdued global economic

conditions. Inﬂation seems to have

peaked globally and in India. Easing

inﬂation, robust foreign exchange

reserves, and improving bank assets'

quality provide a sizeable cushion

against potential destabilising events in

global markets.

A key component of the rise of any

industrial ecosystem is the presence of

a conﬁdent and skilled workforce. This

year, India surpassed China in population,

and already has the largest and youngest

working age population globally. The

lessons learnt from the transformations

of other economies through the last few

decades point to the importance of this

demographic dividend.

In the grand theatre of global economic

evolution, India stands not as a mere

spectator, but as a charismatic lead.

ADITYA BIRLA GROUP IN

PERSPECTIVE

As India takes centre stage in this grand

narrative, the Aditya Birla Group ﬁnds

itself in a unique position to contribute to

this monumental journey. Our enduring

success amidst global uncertainties stems

from our unyielding commitment to

purpose, anchored in principles that are

much more than just words.

And therefore, the articulation of purpose

was just the ﬁrst step. We cultivated a

deep understanding of our Purpose across

the depth and breadth of the Group,

including the last mile. To transform

Purpose from a concept to an embodied

experience, approximately 600 of our

senior leaders and managers took the

initiative to receive training and facilitate

introspective dialogues on Purpose. This

facilitated their teams to internalise,

personalise, and actualise our Purpose

in a manner that was both unique and

authentically representative of their roles

within our dynamic Group.

Driven by purpose, the FY23 stands

testament to the breadth and scope

of entrepreneurial ventures we have

embarked upon. We are exploring

uncharted territories, backing our

conviction with capital and talent. Our

robust platform serves as a launch pad

for new initiatives, allowing us to tap

into opportunities across traditional and

sunrise sectors.

This year, we have emphasised the

implementation of our 3-year HR

Strategy, guided by our Purpose Principles.

This approach has enabled us to build

enduring bonds with our stakeholders,

including key employee segments,

like early professionals, and attract

high-quality talent across traditional and

digital businesses.

Chairman’s: Letter to Shareholders

Our enduring success amidst global uncertainties

stems from our unyielding commitment to

purpose, anchored in principles that are much

more than just words."

Letter to Shareholders

Conclusion

In conclusion, I hold the conviction that

our Purpose broadens our perspective,

enabling us to pursue even greater

horizons. It serves as the bedrock

that propels us towards the future,

emboldening us to venture into more

signiﬁcant commitments and pursuits.

As we grow, we expand our capacity to

receive by enhancing our absorption of

talent, technology, and capital. Indeed,

with each stride in growth, we deftly

weave in more threads of insights and

capabilities, enriching the tapestry of

our collective endeavour. This, in turn,

enables us to increase our ability to give

back, create impact, and enrich lives. This

virtuous cycle is at the heart of being a

successful purpose-driven organisation.

Your Company doesn't just pride itself

on being a purpose-driven entity— it

embodies it, living out this ethos in every

endeavour, every relationship, and every

venture. This commitment to purpose

is what continues to steer us towards an

even brighter, more impactful future.

Yours sincerely,

Kumar Mangalam Birla

Chairman

4

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Integrated Report

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Grasim Industries Limited

5:

Managing Director

8

Theme Introduction

12

Capital-wise Highlights

14

ABOUT GRASIM

Who We Are

16

Businesses

18

Presence

26

Governance

28

Board of Directors

32

Management Team

34

SUSTAINABILITY

ESG Framework

36

TCFD Summary Report

40

OUR APPROACH TO VALUE

CREATION

Strategic Priorities

46

Business Model

48

Stakeholder Engagement

50

Materiality

52

Risk Management

56

Awards

62

CAPITAL-WISE PERFORMANCE

Financial Capital

66

Manufactured Capital

74

Intellectual Capital

84

Natural Capital

96

Social and Relationship Capital

110

Human Capital

122

ANNEXURES

GRI Content Index

132

Independent Assurance Statement

138

Sustainability Data Book

142

Financial Highlights

144

SDG Index

147

STATUTORY REPORTS

Management Discussion

and Analysis

148

Board’s Report

160

Report on Corporate Governance

202

Shareholder Information

233

Business Responsibility and

Sustainability Report

246

CSR Report 2022-23

291

PURPOSE LED PRINCIPLES

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Standalone Financial Statements

294

Consolidated Financial Statements

408

Further information can be

found online at grasim.com

In our 75 years of history, growing in sync with

a post-Independence ‘Atmanirbhar Bharat’

(self-reliant India), we have successfully

established large-scale businesses on a global

level through constant innovation, capacity

expansion investments and seizing new

high-growth opportunities. Our track record

showcase a commendable compound annual

growth rate (CAGR) of 15% in both revenue

and proﬁt after tax (PAT) on a consolidated

basis since FY20. With a strong commitment

to creating sustainable value, we go beyond

proﬁt-making and embrace a broader purpose

that encompasses social and environmental

considerations.

Our value maximisation approach sets the

foundation for sustainable growth and enhances

our reputation as responsible corporate citizen.

We prioritise social and environmental impact

alongside ﬁnancial success, demonstrating our

commitment to a holistic approach that beneﬁts

all stakeholders and contributes to a more

sustainable and equitable future.

Value

Maximisation

Read more 64

Read more 82

Read more 108

Read more 72

Read more 94

Multiple Forms

At Grasim, we recognise the importance of

diversity and multiplicity in a constantly evolving

business landscape. We challenge the notion of a

one-size-ﬁts-all approach by focusing on providing

dynamic and tailored products and solutions to disrupt

traditional industries and support emerging ones.

We are committed to collaborating with partners

through different operational models to achieve our

goals and create sustainable growth. Engaging with

stakeholders in various ways to touch as many lives

as possible, our dedication to multiplicity extends

beyond our partnerships, as we encourage all forms

of enterprise and value diversity in all aspects of

our business. It is this commitment to multiplicity that

drives our success and enables us to create a positive

impact on the world.

Ground-Up

Entrepreneurship

Our philosophy of entrepreneurship drives all

our ventures. This includes taking calculated

risks, being bold and pushing boundaries

while seeking solutions through innovation

and embracing new ideas, processes, and

technologies. We are dedicated to nurturing

this spirit of entrepreneurship, encouraging our

employees to embrace it in all their endeavours.

As part of ABG, we love the process of growth

through creation. Building new things–

businesses, solutions, brands, partnerships–

comes naturally to us. Fostering growth

through the adoption of new ideas, processes

and technologies is our passion. We have been

able to achieve signiﬁcant milestones and

remain a leader in our industries. We believe

that by fostering a culture of innovation, we can

continue to create value for our stakeholders

and achieve success in the years ahead.

Force for Good

Our commitment to sustainable and ethical progress

extends beyond our business boundaries, aiming to

create a positive impact for a better future. With a

vision focused on renewal and regeneration, we are

dedicated to regreening the environment, renewing

resources, rejuvenating ecosystems, and restoring

our planet's former glory. As part of this vision, we

are working towards an ambitious goal of achieving

Net Zero carbon emissions aligned with the Group's

target. We are implementing various measures

to reduce our carbon footprint and enhance our

environmental sustainability.

Water conservation is a key priority for us, and we have

implemented initiatives to recycle and reuse water,

minimise waste, and repurpose materials. Our goal is to

achieve water-positive status by replenishing more water

than we consume.

At Grasim, we understand our responsibility towards

the planet and the communities we operate in. Our

commitment revolves around achieving no net loss of

biodiversity and zero waste to landﬁll.

We prioritise sustainability in our manufacturing

processes and continuously explore opportunities to

develop biodegradable and eco-friendly products.

Furthermore, we offer sustainable industry solutions that

empower our customers to minimise their environmental

footprint. As a force for good, we take pride in our

dedication to a brighter future and strive to make a

positive impact in building a more sustainable world.

Enduring Bonds

We strongly uphold the belief that our success extends

beyond the production of goods and services. Our

primary focus lies in cultivating enduring bonds with

our stakeholders.

We understand that fostering enduring bonds requires

mutual trust, respect, and a shared commitment to

growth. Our relationships with stakeholders, including

employees, customers, suppliers, investors, and

communities, are built on trust and shared values.

By prioritising these relationships, we aim to create

a culture of collaboration and mutual success.

As we look towards the future, we remain steadfast in

our commitment to building long-lasting relationships

with our stakeholders.

Our aim is to forge relationships that withstand the

trials of time, remaining steadfast yesterday, today

and tomorrow.

6

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Integrated Report

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Grasim Industries Limited

7:

Managing Director: Dear Stakeholders,

“The future depends on what

we do in present” - Mahatma Gandhi

I am delighted to present to you the

Annual Integrated Report of Grasim

Industries Ltd. for FY23. With our eyes

ﬁrmly set on the future, Grasim Industries

Limited entered a new phase of growth as

it celebrated its distinguished journey of

75-years of existence last year.

The last year, my ﬁrst full year as

managing director of Grasim Industries,

saw the Company scale new heights across

various businesses. The consolidated

revenue crossed a historic milestone

of I1 trillion, reaching I1,17,627 crore.

The Standalone revenue for the year at

I26,840 crore was also at highest ever,

driven by a robust performance in Viscose

and Chemicals businesses.

Our key subsidiaries also posted robust

operational performance achieving

multiple milestones during the year.

UltraTech Cement achieved its highest

ever sales volumes crossing milestone

of 100 MTPA, a ﬁrst by any company in

India. It has been instrumental in building

some of India’s critical infrastructure

and remains committed to contribute

towards nation building. Aditya Birla

Capital clocked its highest ever revenue

of I27,416 crore, recording growth of 23%

y-o-y. The Group's ﬁnance arm, Aditya

Birla Finance AUM grew by 46% y-o-y at

I80,556 crore. Aditya Birla Renewables

has increased its peak renewable power

capacity at 744 MW which is targeted to

reach ~2 GW in FY24.

Our illustrious legacy is ﬁrmly anchored

in the ability to create global-scale

businesses propelled by a synergistic

combination of purpose, values,

innovation, capacity building, and

strategic insights. We feel very proud as

independent India’s ﬁrst few organisations

continuing to contribute towards India’s

industrial development with a sense of

responsibility for 'Atmanirbhar Bharat'.

Staying Committed

for the Long-term

We feel very proud as

independent India’s

ﬁrst few organisations

continuing to contribute

towards India’s industrial

development with a

sense of responsibility

for 'Atmanirbhar Bharat'."

117,627

Consolidated (I crore)

10,422

Chemicals (I crore)

711

VSF Volumes (KT)

1,145

Caustic Soda Volumes (KT)

26,840

Standalone (I crore)

2,293

Textiles (I crore)

Revenue

Segmental Revenue

Sales Volumes

Milestones Achieved in FY23

While your Company maintains its

leadership position in its existing

businesses–Viscose, Chemicals and Linen

and Wool textiles, entry into new high

growth businesses namely Paints and

B2B e-commerce are new value creating

endeavours for all stakeholders.

STABILITY IN THE WORLD OF

VOLATILITY

According to certain predictions, the

majority of the risks associated with

COVID-19 lockdowns and macro

instability have passed. Post-pandemic

opening up and geopolitical events led

to high inﬂation across globe, leading

to tightening of monetary policies. This

is resetting future world order around

low demand, and low growth rates.

Clean energy transition and new trade

measures are other key aspects in the

new world order.

Over these years, stable Government

regime and strong policy framework

ushered India towards acceleration

of growth and investments into

manufacturing sector. India is currently

undergoing a fundamental shift in

income and consumption structure

whereby there are expectations of per

capita income more than doubling from

current ~$2,500 to $5,500 levels by 2030.

This would be largely driven by aspirations

of young population gradually moving

from low to middle income to upper and

high-income levels.

The truly diversiﬁed nature of Grasim

qualiﬁes it as a ‘Stronglomorate’.

Backward integration and synergies

within the segments help in handling

the volatile global market conditions.

Additionally, the countercyclical nature

of these businesses gives proﬁtability

the much-needed stability. Every single

one of our standalone businesses,

including viscose, chlor-alkali, speciality

chemicals and textiles, has consistently

demonstrated higher levels of capacity

utilisation. The consistency also exhibits

deep understanding on demand supply

situation in each of these sectors leading

to timely undertaking of expansion plans.

STRENGTHENING OUR CORE

BUSINESSES

Viscose

Our Viscose Staple Fiber (VSF) segment

witnessed signiﬁcant growth, driven by

increased demand for sustainable and

eco-friendly ﬁbres. In FY23, our VSF

segment recorded highest ever sales

volumes of ~711,000 MT, growth of 18%

y-o-y, driven by strong underlying growth

in domestic markets. However, there was

softness in the international markets due

to poor global demand resulting higher

inventories in the textile value chain.

Such demand supply mismatch led to

volatility in realisation further added by:

i) steep decline in cotton prices and ii)

imports from FTA countries. Inverted duty

structure on VSF also impacted margins.

Viscose, regenerated cellulosic

sustainable ﬁbre, is the fastest-growing

ﬁbre in India as well as globally,

compared to cotton and polyester.

We have developed strong set of

capabilities through our dedicated

Research & Development. The R&D

team has developed multiple indigenous

breakthroughs developing improved

variants of Viscose making it a truly

'Make in India' and 'Big in India' segment.

The tremendous success of our brand

'LIVA' can be attributed to our relentless

focus on customer centricity. Our new

brand 'Navyasa' for premium category

sarees, luxuriously soft and extremely

light weight, crafted with nature-based

eco-friendly fabrics from 'LIVA' is well

accepted by the discerning customers.

VSF is a preferred textile ﬁbre in the

fashion industry now looking to be a part

of circular economy. However, we would

need to carefully navigate raw material,

energy and policy related uncertainties.

Chemicals

Chemicals business has also made

commendable progress, capitalising on

emerging opportunities and addressing

customer needs with innovative solutions.

FY23 was a strong year for our Chemicals

business registering strongest ever

revenue growth of 32% y-o-y posting

its highest ever revenue and EBITDA

of I10,422 crore and I2,271 crore,

respectively. The growth was largely

driven by Chlor-Alkali segment which

experience stable demand and strong

pricing trends. Speciality Chemicals, which

8

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Integrated Report

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Grasim Industries Limited

9

Managing Director

As we move forward, we remain

committed to value creation for

all stakeholders, transparency, and

sustainable growth. I invite you to read the

complete Annual Report, which provides

a comprehensive overview of our business

performance and initiatives during

the FY23.

Thank you for your continued conﬁdence

in Grasim Industries.

Onwards and upwards!

Best regards,

Harikrishna Agarwal: Managing

Managing Director

M M M M M

C

Leading us Through

1

2

1

3

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

6

Ms. Ananyashree Birla

Non-executive Director

7

Mr. Aryaman Vikram Birla

Non-executive Director

10

Ms. Anita Ramachandran

Independent Director

C

M

C

14

Mr. Yazdi Piroj Dandiwala

Independent Director

M

9

Dr. Thomas M. Connelly, Jr.

Independent Director

M

M

11

Mr. N. Mohan Raj

Independent Director

C

C

BOARD EXPERIENCE*

BOARD AGE PROFILE

BOARD DIVERSITY

12

Mr. V. Chandrasekaran

Independent Director

M M

C

13

Mr. Adesh Kumar Gupta

Independent Director

M

M

8

Mr. Cyril Shroff

Independent Director

M

4

5

Mr. Raj Kumar

Non-executive Director

Dr. Santrupt Misra

Non-executive Director

M

M

Nomination & Remuneration Committee

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

Finance Committee

Audit Committee

Risk Management & Sustainability Committee

Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee

PIT Regulation Committee

C - Chairperson

M - Member

COMMITTEE DETAILS

60 years

Average age of

Board Members

8 years

Average tenure

of Board

89.5%

Average

attendance rate in

Board Meetings

0-10 years

0-30 years

Male

>10 years

>50 years

Female

71%

14%

79%

29%

86%

21%

*on the board of Grasim Industries Limited

32

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Integrated Report

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Grasim Industries Limited

33:

Managing Director

2. Mr. Pavan Kumar Jain

Chief Financial Ofﬁcer

3. Mr. Sailesh Kumar Daga

Company Secretary

8. Mr. Jayant Dua

Chlor-alkali Business

9. Mr. Rajesh Balakrishnan

Speciality Chemicals Business

10 Mr. Omprakash Chitlange

Fashion Yarn Business

11 Mr. Ajit Rajagopalan

Insulators Business

12 Mr. Satyaki Ghosh

Textiles Business

13 Mr. Rakshit Hargave

Paints Business

14 Mr. Sandeep Komaravelly

B2B e-commerce Business

15 Mr. K.C Jhanwar: Managing

letter of intent has been established

to collaborate with CSIR-CSMCRI. The

project will involve working alongside

the exosome startup group to develop

water treatment solutions and improve

product activities

• An MoU with IIT BHU to explore new

types of cellulosic products

• On the advisory board of the Georgia

Institute of Technology

Product and Method Innovations

At Grasim, our focus towards new

product development has been across

all our businesses. The emphasis on

the development of new products has

played a crucial role in the expansion of

the market. Our proactive approach to

engaging with customers and soliciting

their feedback enables us to innovate our

practices, as well as identify and address

gaps in our products and services.

Viscose

The R&D centres are dedicated to

creating innovative yarns and fabrics

in collaboration with local partners.

This has facilitated the development

of new printing bases for commercial

fabric manufacturers, the development

of seasonal fabric samples using

the latest and most sought-after

yarns, and modiﬁcations in weaving

patterns. The initiative promotes

natural, sustainable, and biodegradable

yarns to raise awareness about

environmental sustainability.

Chemicals

In FY23, we added a few molecules

towards chlorine. The new product range

added to our Group is Chloromethane. Its

introduction will help in the Indian value

chain of Chlorine and Hydrochloric acid,

and helps us in improving our utilisation

rate for caustic. Due to integration levels,

there is a wide opportunity for us to dive

deep into new chemistries.

The partnership with Lubrizol, global

leader in chlorinated polyvinyl chloride

(CPVC) would be initiated this year.

Lubrizol is constructing 100 KTPA at

Vilayat (Gujarat) in two phases, creating

single largest site capacity for CPVC resin

production globally.

Focus areas for new product development:

• Value addition

• Consistency in quality

• Process improvement and innovation

• Cost and optimisation of

product performance

Integrating Sustainability into

Every Step of the Supply Chain

We utilise the innovation management

process to create a dynamic organisation

that is both resilient to near-term

uncertainties and also prepared for the

future. We are constantly working to

enhance the sustainability of our products

and procedures. This includes improving

the energy and material conversion

efﬁciencies of manufacturing processes,

lowering efﬂuent and air emissions, and

boosting the productivity of its assets.

We keep a close tab on our sustainability

progress and evaluate how it stacks up

against publicly announced goals.

Grasim and Nanollose, an Australia-

based biotechnology company, began

developing the ﬁrst 'tree-free' Lyocell

ﬁbre derived from bacterial cellulose

grown from industrial waste in 2020.

Together, we ﬁled a patent application

for high-tenacity Lyocell ﬁbres

manufactured from bacterial cellulose

based on R&D efforts in January 2021.

NullarborTM comes from nulla arbour,

the Latin word for ‘no trees’.

Bacterial cellulose is renewable and

biodegradable like plant-based

cellulose and is produced by natural

fermentation with non-pathogenic

bacteria. Bacterial cellulose,

made from agricultural waste and

by-products, does not damage old-

growth or endangered forests as it creates

pure cellulose. Microbial cellulose can be

utilised in current Lyocell ﬁbre spinning

facilities. A closed-loop solvent system

makes Lyocell synthesis ecologically

friendly. Nullarbor ﬁbres are stronger

than wood pulp Lyocell yet retains its

exquisite feel.

Grasim's R&D team created a small

sample of 100% bacterial cellulose

Nullarbor ﬁbre, which was utilised in

testing to make a sample 3D-knitted

clothing with multiple knit patterns.

The ﬁbre performed effectively in

standard industrial equipment throughout

the yarn making and knitting operation.

Our pilot facility generated the ﬁrst

ﬁbre batch in 2022 after successful

laboratory scale testing. Using industrial

yarn spinning, weaving, knitting, and

dyeing equipment, numerous partners

have turned this ﬁbre into high-quality

fabrics. Fibre and fabric shrinkage,

colour fastness, and pilling tests have

shown their outstanding quality.

In essence, NullarborTM is a

high-tenacity Lyocell ﬁbre generated

from industrial waste bacterial cellulose

or wood pulp. Nullarbor ﬁbre is stronger

and more eco-friendly than wood

pulp-based Lyocell.

The Revolutionary 'Tree-Free' Lyocell Fiber Derived from Industrial Waste

CASE STUDY

Prime Factors

We strive for continuous innovation to

enhance our products and address the

needs of all stakeholders. Our primary

areas of focus are:

• Developing novel value-added

products and applications

as a response to evolving

customer demand

• Enhancing product quality via novel

methodologies and minimising

material usage

• Minimising efﬂuents and emissions

to promote sustainability

• Embracing the growing trend

towards digitisation

Signiﬁcance

Having established several advanced

R&D facilities, we are steadfast on our

commitment to sustainability in the

long run. Our business operates in a

commoditised product market and

distinguishes itself from competitors

through noteworthy investment in R&D.

Innovation Initiatives at the

Business Level

• A strong emphasis on process

consistency and efﬁciency has

enabled the optimisation of

consumption ratios for the main raw

materials in the viscose process.

• Progress was made in the

development of man-made

cellulosic ﬁbres (MMCFs) from

textile waste; commercial production

of Liva Reviva; VSF containing 30%

textile waste was attained on one of

the large VSF production lines

3

AUTOMATION AND INNOVATION

Grasim's innovation process is propelled by its core competencies. It comprises:

• We prioritise ongoing workforce

training and technological

advancement to quickly adapt to

rapid changes

• We are committed to enhancing

our workforce, capabilities,

and infrastructure to ensure

our strength and readiness for

the future

• Our accumulated experience

and willingness to adopt new

technology provides us with a

competitive advantage

• We are continuously improving

our manufacturing processes by

incorporating advancements in

technology such as the Internet of

Things, AI/ML, Big data analytics,

and digitisation

• We collaborate with customers,

vendors, researchers, technology

providers, and startups to achieve

our objectives

Synergy

Consolidation

Agility

Collaboration

• The integration of all functions

in a synergistic approach

involves guiding innovation and

change management through a

stage-gate process

• Cross-functional teams comprising

marketing, manufacturing, and R&D

personnel from diverse businesses

collaborate on projects spanning the

entire product development cycle,

from ideation to market launch

88

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Integrated Report

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Grasim Industries Limited

89:

Managing director,

ESG Framework

8-11, 36-39

2-23

Policy commitments

Governance

BRSR Section B 1-3

28, 253

2-24

Embedding policy commitments

Governance

BRSR Section B 1-3

28, 253

2-27

Compliance with laws and regulations

Governance, Risk

Management, BRSR

Section A 23

28, 56, 248

2-28

Membership associations

BRSR Principle 7 E#1

283

2-29

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Stakeholder

Engagement

50

2-30

Collective bargaining agreements

BRSR Principle 3 E#7

262

Material Topics

3-1

Process to determine material topics

Materiality

52

3-2

List of material topics

Materiality

53

Economic Performance

3-3

Management of material topics

Financial Capital

68

201-1

Direct economic value generated and distributed

Financial Capital

68-71

201-2

Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due

to climate change

TCFD Summary

Report

40-45

201-3

Deﬁned beneﬁt plan obligations and other retirement plans

BRSR Principle 3 E#2

260

201-4

Financial assistance received from government

Consolidated

Financial Statements

497

Market Presence

202-1

Ratios of standard entry level wage by gender compared to

local minimum wage

BRSR Principle 5 E#2

269

Indirect Economic Impacts

3-3

Management of material topics

Social and

Relationship Capital

112

203-1

Infrastructure investments and services supported

Social and

Relationship Capital

117

203-2

Signiﬁcant indirect economic impacts

Social and

Relationship Capital

113-118

Procurement Practices

3-3

Management of material topics

Social and

Relationship Capital

119

204-1

Proportion of spending on local suppliers

Social and

Relationship Capital

BRSR Principle 8 E#4

120, 286

GRI Content Index

132

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Integrated Report

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Grasim Industries Limited

133:

Managing Director and Key Managerial Personnel of

the Company, in terms of the provisions of the Act for a

period of 2 years with effect from 1st December 2023 up to

30th November 2025, subject to the approval of the members

of the Company.:

Managing Director, Mr. Pavan Kumar

Jain, Chief Financial Ofﬁcer (‘CFO’) and Mr. Sailesh Kumar Daga,

Company Secretary are the Key Managerial Personnel (‘KMP’) of

the Company as on 31st March 2023.

Mr. Pavan Kumar Jain has been appointed as CFO and KMP of

the Company with effect from 15th August 2022 in place of

Mr. Ashish Adukia, who was CFO and KMP of the Company up to

14th August 2022.

MEETINGS OF THE BOARD

The Board of Directors of the Company met 7 (Seven) times during

the year to deliberate on various matters. The meetings were held

on 24th May 2022, 16th June 2022, 19th July 2022, 12th August 2022,

14th November 2022, 6th February 2023 and 14th February 2023.

Further details are provided in the Corporate Governance Report,

which forms an integral part of this Annual Report.

INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS

Your Company has received declarations from all the Independent

Directors of your Company, conﬁrming that:

a)

they meet the criteria of independence as prescribed under

Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the

Listing Regulations;

b)

they are not aware of any circumstance or situation which

exists or may be reasonably anticipated, that could impair or

impact their ability to discharge their duties with an objective

of independent judgement and without any external

inﬂuence; and

c)

they have registered their names in the Independent

Directors Databank.

Your Company’s Board is of the opinion that the Independent

Directors possess requisite qualiﬁcations, experience and expertise

in Corporate Governance, Legal & Compliance, Financial Literacy,

General Management, Human Resource Development, Industry

Knowledge, Technology, digitisation & innovation, Marketing, Risk

Management, Strategic Expertise and Sustainability and they hold

highest standards of integrity.

FORMAL ANNUAL EVALUATION

Pursuant to the provisions of the Act and the Listing Regulations,

the Board of Directors has carried out an annual evaluation of

its own performance, its Committees, Independent Directors,

Non-executive Directors, Executive Director and the Chairman of

the Board.

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee ('NRC') of the Board

has laid down the manner in which formal annual evaluation of

the performance of the Board, its Committees and Individual

Directors has to be made. It includes circulation of evaluation

forms separately for evaluation of the Board and its Committees,

Independent Directors/Non-executive Directors/ Executive

Director and the Chairman of your Company.

The performance of Non-independent Directors, the Board, as a

whole, and the Committees of the Board has been evaluated by

Independent Directors in a separate meeting. At the same meeting,

the Independent Directors also evaluated the performance of the

Chairman of your Company, after taking into account the views

of Executive Director and Non-executive Directors. Evaluation as

done by the Independent Directors was submitted to the NRC and

subsequently to the Board.

Thereafter, the Board at its meeting discussed the performance

of the Board, as a whole, its Committees and Individual Directors.

The Board expressed satisfaction on the overall functioning of the

Board and its Committees. The Board was also satisﬁed with the

contribution of the Directors, in their respective capacities, which

reﬂected the overall engagement of the Individual Directors.

The new Director inducted on the Company’s Board attends

an orientation programme. The details of the programme for

familiarisation of Independent Directors are provided in the

Corporate Governance Report, which forms an integral part

of this Annual Report and is also available on your Company’s

website at https://www.grasim.com/Upload/PDF/familiarisation-

programme-independent-directors.pdf

DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT

The audited accounts for the year are in conformity with the

requirements of the Act and the Accounting Standards. The

financial statements reflect fairly the form and substance of

transactions carried out during the year and reasonably present

your Company’s ﬁnancial condition and results of operations.

Pursuant to Section 134(5) of the Act, the Board of Directors, to the

best of its knowledge and ability, conﬁrms that:

a)

in the preparation of the Annual Accounts, the applicable

accounting standards have been followed along with proper

explanation relating to material departures, if any;

b)

the accounting policies selected have been applied

consistently, and judgements and estimates are made that

are reasonable and prudent, so as to give a true and fair view

of the state of affairs of your Company as at 31st March 2023,

and of the proﬁt of your Company for the year ended on

that date;

c)

proper and sufficient care have been taken for the

maintenance of adequate accounting records, in accordance

with the provisions of the Act, for safeguarding the assets of

your Company and for preventing and detecting fraud and

other irregularities;

d)

annual accounts have been prepared on a ‘going

concern’ basis;

e)

the Directors have laid down proper internal ﬁnancial controls,

and that such internal ﬁnancial controls are adequate and

were operating effectively; and

f)

the Directors have devised proper systems to ensure

compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws and that

such systems were adequate and operating effectively.

CONSERVATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION

AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO

The information on Conservation of Energy, Technology Absorption

and Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo stipulated under Section

134(3)(m) of the Act, read with the Companies (Accounts) Rules,

2014, is given in Annexure ‘C’ to this Report.

INTEGRATED REPORT

The Company has published its Integrated Report for the Financial

Year 2022-23. This report is prepared in alignment with the

Integrated Reporting Framework laid down by the International

Integrated Reporting Council and aims at presenting the value

creation approach for our stakeholders.

AUDITORS AND AUDIT REPORTS

Statutory Auditors

M/s. B S R & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants (ICAI Firm Registration

No. 101248W/W-100022) and M/s. KKC & Associates LLP, Chartered

Accountants (Registration No. 105146W/W100621) (formerly known

as Khimji Kunverji & Co. LLP), were appointed as Joint Statutory

Auditors of the Company for a term of 5 (ﬁve) consecutive years,

to hold ofﬁce till the conclusion of the 79th AGM and 80th AGM of

the Company, respectively.

The observations made by the Joint Statutory Auditors on the

Financial Statements (Standalone and Consolidated) of the

Company, in their Report for the ﬁnancial year ended 31st March

2023, read with the Notes therein, are self-explanatory and,

therefore, do not call for any further explanation or comments

from the Board of Directors under Section 134(3)(f) of the Act. The

Auditors’ Report does not contain any qualiﬁcation, reservation,

disclaimer or adverse remark.

Cost Auditor

Your Company is required to prepare and maintain the cost

accounts and cost records pursuant to Section 148(1) of the Act

read with rules made thereunder.

Based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, the Board

of Directors appointed M/s. D. C. Dave & Co., Cost Accountants,

Mumbai (Registration No. 000611), as the Cost Auditors to conduct

the cost audit of the Company for FY 2023-24 at a remuneration

of H 20 lakh plus applicable taxes and reimbursement of out-of-

pocket expenses.

The Company has received consent from M/s. D. C. Dave & Co.,

Cost Accountants, to act as the Cost Auditor of your Company for

FY 2023-24, along with the certiﬁcate conﬁrming their eligibility.

In accordance with the provisions of Section 148(1) of the Act

and Rule 14 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014,

the remuneration payable to the Cost Auditor is required to be

ratiﬁed by the members of the Company. Accordingly, an Ordinary

Resolution, for ratiﬁcation of remuneration payable to the Cost

Auditor for FY 2023-24, forms part of the Notice of the 76th AGM

of the Company.

Secretarial Auditor

The Secretarial Audit Report, issued by M/s. BNP & Associates,

Company Secretaries, Mumbai, for the ﬁnancial year 2022-23, is

given in Annexure ‘D’ to this Report. The Secretarial Audit Report

does not contain any qualiﬁcation, reservation, disclaimer or adverse

remark. The Secretarial Compliance Report for the ﬁnancial year:

Managing Director. Dr. Pragnya

Ram, Group Executive President - CSR is a permanent invitee to

the Committee. The Corporate Social Responsibility Policy ('CSR

Policy'), indicating the activities undertaken by your Company, is

available on your Company’s website at https://www.grasim.com/

upload/pdf/Grasim_CSR_Policy_2013.pdf

Your Company is a caring corporate citizen and lays signiﬁcant

emphasis on development of the host communities around which

it operates. Your Company, with this intent, has identiﬁed several

projects relating to Social Empowerment and Welfare, Rural

Development, Sustainable Livelihood, Health Care and Education,

during the year, and initiated various activities in neighbouring

villages around its plant locations.

During the year, the Company has spent H 54.19 crore, of which

H 34.16 crore (excluding an amount of H 4.50 crore which remained

unspent and classiﬁed as ongoing project by the Board and it has

been transferred to separate bank account in April 2023) was spent

towards obligatory CSR of the Company and an amount of H 20.03

crore was voluntarily spent for CSR activities.

The initiatives undertaken by your Company on CSR activities, during

the year, are given in Annexure 'E' to this Report, in the format

prescribed in the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy)

Rules, 2014, as amended.

RISK MANAGEMENT AND SUSTAINABILITY

Your Company has constituted Risk Management and Sustainability

Committee ('RMSC'), which is inter alia, mandated to review the

risk management and sustainability plan of your Company. Risk

evaluation and management is an ongoing process within the

organisation. Your Company has a comprehensive Enterprise

Risk Management framework to periodically assess risks in the

internal and external environments (including Cyber Security) and

incorporate mitigation plans in its business strategy and operation

plans. Risks are identiﬁed at multiple levels – unit level, business

level and corporate level. During the year, the RMSC met twice to

review the key risks faced by the Company and steps being taken

to mitigate the same.

Based on the aforesaid review, there are no risks, which in the

opinion of the Board, threaten the existence of the Company.

However, key risks are set out in the Management Discussion and

Analysis, which forms part of this Annual Report.

The Risk Management Policy is available on the Company’s website

at https://www.grasim.com/Upload/PDF/risk-management-

policy.pdf

BUSINESS

RESPONSIBILITY

AND

SUSTAINABILITY

REPORT

As per Regulation 34(2)(f) of the Listing Regulations, a

separate section on Business Responsibility and Sustainability

Report, describing the initiatives taken by your Company from

environmental, social and governance perspective, forms an

integral part of this Annual Report.

ANNUAL RETURN

Pursuant to Sections 92 and 134 of the Act, and the Rules made

thereunder, the Annual Return of your Company as on 31st March

2023 is available on the Company’s website at https://www.grasim.

com/Upload/PDF/form-MGT-7-annual-return-fy-22-23.pdf

INTERNAL CONTROLS

Your Company has in place adequate internal control systems

(including internal financial control system) commensurate

with the size and complexity of its operations. Internal control

systems comprising of policies and procedures are designed to

ensure sound management of your Company’s operations, safe

keeping of its assets, optimal utilisation of resources, reliability of

its ﬁnancial information and compliance. Systems and procedures

are periodically reviewed to keep pace with the growing size

and complexity of your Company’s operations. During the year,

no material or serious observation has been received from the

Joint Statutory Auditors of your Company, citing inefﬁciency or

inadequacy of such controls.

REMUNERATION POLICY

The Company’s remuneration policy is directed towards rewarding

the performance based on review of achievements. The

remuneration policy is in consonance with the existing industry

practice. There has been no change in the policy during the year.

The Remuneration Policy of your Company, as formulated by

the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of

Directors, is given in Annexure 'F' to this Report and is also available

on your Company’s website at https://www.grasim.com/upload/

pdf/ABG-executive-remuneration-philosophy-policy.pdf

STATUTORY COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD

Audit Committee

The Audit Committee comprises of Mr. N. Mohan Raj, Chairman,

Dr. Thomas M. Connelly Jr., Mr. V. Chandrasekaran and

Mr. Harikrishna Agarwal as its members. Majority of the members

including Chairman of Audit Committee are Independent Directors.

The CFO of your Company is a permanent invitee at the Audit

Committee Meetings.

Further details relating to the Audit Committee are provided in the

Corporate Governance Report, which forms an integral part of this

Annual Report.

All the recommendations made by the Audit Committee, during

the year, were accepted by the Board of Directors of your Company.

Nomination and Remuneration Committee

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee ('NRC') comprises

of Ms. Anita Ramachandran, Chairperson, Mr. Kumar Mangalam

Birla, Mr. Adesh Kumar Gupta and Mr. Cyril Shroff as its members.

Majority of the members including Chairperson of NRC are

Independent Directors.

Further details relating to the NRC are provided in the Corporate

Governance Report, which forms an integral part of this

Annual Report.

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

The Corporate Social Responsibility ('CSR') Committee comprises

of Smt. Rajashree Birla, Chairperson, Ms. Anita Ramachandran and

Mr. Harikrishna Agarwal as its members.

Further details relating to the CSR Committee are provided in the

Corporate Governance Report, which forms an integral part of this

Annual Report.:

Managing Director of the Company, under

ESOS-2018. The ESOS-2018 is being administered through the

Grasim Employees’ Welfare Trust (Trust).

1,73,169 equity shares were transferred from the Trust account to

the employees account on account of exercise of Stock Options

and RSUs by the grantees.

ESOS-2022

Pursuant to the approval of the shareholders at the AGM held on

29th August 2022, a new scheme viz. ‘Grasim Industries Limited

Employee Stock Option and Performance Stock Unit Scheme

2022’ (‘ESOS–2022’) has been adopted in terms of the Securities

and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Beneﬁts and

Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 ('SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations'). The

ESOS-2022 is being administered through the Grasim Employees’

Welfare Trust (‘Trust’).

During the year, no Stock Options or PSUs were granted under

ESOS-2022.

The details of Stock Options granted pursuant to ESOS-2006

and the Stock Options and RSUs granted pursuant to ESOS-2013

and ESOS-2018, and the other disclosures in compliance with the

provisions of the SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations, is available on your

Company’s website at https://www.grasim.com/Upload/PDF/

esos-disclosure-2023.pdf

A certificate from the Secretarial Auditors with respect to

implementation of your Company’s ESOS, will be available at the

ensuing AGM for inspection by the Members.

POLICY ON PREVENTION OF SEXUAL HARASSMENT OF

WOMEN AT WORKPLACE

Your Company has zero tolerance for sexual harassment at

workplace. Your Company has adopted a Policy on Prevention,

Prohibition and Redressal of Sexual Harassment at Workplace in

line with the provisions of the Sexual Harassment of Women at

Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 ('POSH

Act'), and the Rules framed thereunder. All employees (permanent,

contractual, temporary, trainees) are covered under this policy.

Your Company has constituted Internal Complaints Committee to

redress and resolve any complaints arising under the POSH Act.

There were 4 (four) complaints received during the year, out of

which 2 (two) were outstanding as on 31st March 2023. The Company

is committed to providing a safe and conducive work environment

to all its employees and associates.

HUMAN RESOURCES

Your Company’s human resource is the strong foundation for

creating many possibilities for its business. The efﬁcient operations

of manufacturing units, market development and expansion for

various products were the highlight of our people effort.

Continuous people development for developing knowledge and

skills coupled with the Talent Management practices will deliver

the talent needs of the Organisation. Your Company’s employee

engagement score reﬂects high engagement and pride in being

part of the Organisation.

The Group’s Corporate Human Resources plays a critical role in your

Company’s talent management process.:

Managing Director of the Company does not receive any

remuneration or commission from any of its subsidiaries;

5.

There were no revisions in the ﬁnancial statement(s);

6.

There has been no change in the nature of business of

your Company;

7.

No significant or material orders were passed by the

Regulators or Courts or Tribunals which impact the going

concern status and your Company’s operations in the future.

The update on the status of material orders passed by the

Regulators or Court or Tribunals is provided in this Report;

8.

There were no proceedings initiated under the Insolvency and

Bankruptcy Code, 2016;

9.

There was no instance of one time settlement with any Bank

or Financial Institution; and

10.

There was no failure to implement any Corporate Action.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

Your Directors express their deep sense of gratitude to the

shareholders, banks, ﬁnancial institutions, stakeholders, business

associates, Central and State Governments for their co-operation

and support and look forward to their continued support in future.

Your Directors very warmly thank all our employees for their

contribution to your Company’s performance. We applaud them for

their superior levels of competence, dedication and commitment

to your Company.

For and on behalf of the Board

Kumar Mangalam Birla

Chairman

New Delhi, 26th May 2023

(DIN: 00012813):

Managing Director

Non-executive Director

Independent Director

Chief Financial Ofﬁcer

Company Secretary

DIN : 09288720

DIN: 00013625

DIN: 00181969

Membership No.: F 4164

Date : 26th May 2023

Place : Mumbai

Annexure 'B' to the Board's Report

Independent Auditors’ Certiﬁcate on Corporate Governance

To the Members of

Grasim Industries Limited

We have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate

Governance by Grasim Industries Limited (the ‘Company’), for the

year ended 31st March 2023, as per the relevant provisions of the

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’).

MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY

The compliance of the conditions of Corporate Governance is the

responsibility of the management. This responsibility includes

the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control

procedures to ensure the compliance with the conditions of the

Corporate Governance stipulated in Listing Regulations.

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITY

Our responsibility is limited to examining the procedures and

implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring

compliance with the conditions of Corporate Governance. It is

neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the ﬁnancial

statements of the Company.

We have examined the books of account and other relevant records

and documents maintained by the Company for the purposes of

providing reasonable assurance on the compliance with Corporate

Governance requirements by the Company.

We have carried out an examination of the relevant records of the

Company in accordance with the Guidance Note on Certiﬁcation

of Corporate Governance issued by the Institute of the Chartered

Accountants of India (the ICAI), the Standards on Auditing

speciﬁed under Section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, in so

far as applicable for the purpose of this certiﬁcate and as per the

Guidance Note on Reports or Certiﬁcates for Special Purposes

issued by the ICAI which requires that we comply with the ethical

requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.

We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the

Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control for Firms that

Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and

Other Assurance and Related Services Engagements

OPINION

Based on our examination of the relevant records and according to

the information and explanations given to us, we certify that the

Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance

as stipulated in the above-mentioned Listing Regulations

We further state that such compliance is neither an assurance

as to the future viability of the Company nor the efﬁciency or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the

affairs of the Company.

For KKC & Associates LLP

Chartered Accountants

(formerly Khimji Kunverji & Co LLP)

FRN–105146W/W100621

Gautam Shah

Partner

Membership No.: 117348

ICAI UDIN: 23117348BGSZIR2644

Place: Mumbai

Date: 26th May 2023:

letter of even date annexed to this report as Annexure-A.

ANNEXURE A TO THE SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2023

To,

The Members of,

Grasim Industries Limited

Our Secretarial Audit Report of even date is to be read along with

this: letter.

1.

The Company’s management is responsible for maintenance

of secretarial records and compliance with the provisions of

corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations and

standards. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the

secretarial records produced for our audit.

2.

We have followed such audit practices and processes as we

considered appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of the secretarial records.

3.

We have considered compliance related actions taken by the

company based on independent legal /professional opinion

obtained as being in compliance with law.

4.

We have veriﬁed the secretarial records furnished to us on

a test basis to see whether the correct facts are reﬂected

therein. We have also examined the compliance procedures

followed by the Company. We believe that the processes

and practices we followed, provide a reasonable basis for

our opinion.

5.

We have not veriﬁed the correctness and appropriateness of

ﬁnancial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

6.

We have obtained the management’s representation about

the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and happening

of events, wherever required.

7.

Our Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to

the future viability of the Company nor of the efﬁcacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted

the affairs of the Company.

For BNP & Associates

Company Secretaries

[Firm Regn. No. P2014MH037400]

[PR No.: 637/2019]

Avinash Bagul

Partner

FCS No.: F5578

Place: Mumbai

COP No.: 19862

Date: 26th May 2023

UDIN: F005578E000364464

Managing Director

2

2

4.

Mr. Shailendra Kumar Jain* Member, Non-executive Director

1

1

* Ceased to be a Member of the Committee w.e.f. 1st February 2023

Dr. Pragnya Ram, Group Executive President – CSR is a Permanent Invitee to the CSR Committee.

3.

Provide the web-link(s) where Composition of CSR Committee, CSR Policy and CSR Projects approved by the Board

are disclosed on the website of the Company:

Composition of the CSR Committee:

https://www.grasim.com/investors/corporate-governance

CSR Policy and Projects:

https://www.grasim.com/investors/policies-and-code-of-conduct

4.

Provide the executive summary along with web-link(s) of Impact Assessment of CSR projects carried out

in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 8 of the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, if

applicable:

The Company had appointed independent agency to undertake impact assessment for eligible CSR projects of the Company.

The detailed reports of impact assessment carried out in pursuance of Rule 8(3) of the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility

Policy) Rules, 2014 by the independent agency can be accessed on the Company’s website at https://www.grasim.com/sustainability/

corporate-social-responsibility Executive summary of the aforesaid impact assessment reports are attached as Annexure to

this report.

5.

(a) Average net proﬁt of the Company as per sub-section (5) of Section 135:

H 1,497.56 crore

(b) Two percent of average net proﬁt of the Company as per sub-section (5) of Section 135:

H 29.95 crore

(c) Surplus arising out of the CSR Projects or programmes or activities of the previous ﬁnancial years:

Nil

(d) Amount required to be set-off for the ﬁnancial year, if any:

Nil

(e) Total CSR obligation for the ﬁnancial year [(b)+(c)-(d)]:

H 29.95 crore

Annexure 'E' to the Board's Report

6.

(a) Amount spent on CSR Projects (both Ongoing Project and other than Ongoing Project):

H 38.66 crore*

(b)

Amount spent in Administrative Overheads:

H 0.98 crore

(c) Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable:

H 0.21 crore

(d) Total amount spent for the Financial Year [(a)+(b)+(c)]:

H 39.85 crore

*Additional H 20.03 crore (including Administrative Overheads) spent towards voluntary CSR activities.

(e) CSR amount spent or unspent for the Financial Year:

Total Amount Spent for the Financial Year (in H)

Amount Unspent (in H)

Total Amount transferred to Unspent

CSR Account as per sub-section (6) of

Section 135#

Amount transferred to any fund speciﬁed under

Schedule VII as per second proviso to sub-section (5) of

Section 135

Amount

Date of transfer

Name of the Fund

Amount

Date of transfer

The Company has spent H 34.16* crore towards

obligatory CSR activities and additionally

H 20.03 crore as voluntary CSR activities

(including of administrative overheads).

H4.50 crore

27.04.2023

-

-

-

*Excludes amount spent on Impact Assessment of H 0.21 crore and CSR of H 4.50 crore which remains unspent and classiﬁed as ongoing projects by the

Board and it has been transferred to separate bank account in April 2023.

#The Company has spent over the obligatory requirement of two percent of average net proﬁt of the Company as per Section 135(5). Additionally, a sum

of H 4.50 crore was classiﬁed as ongoing projects.

(f) Excess amount for set-off, if any:

Sl. No.

Particular

Amount (H in crore)

(i)

Two percent of average net proﬁt of the Company as per sub-section (5) of Section 135

29.95

(ii)

Total amount spent for the Financial Year*

54.19

(iv)

Excess amount spent for the Financial Year [(ii)-(i)]#

24.24

(v)

Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous Financial Years, if any

Nil

(vi)

Amount available for set off in succeeding Financial Years [(iii)-(iv)]

Nil

*Excludes amount spent on Impact Assessment of H 0.21 crore and CSR of H 4.50 crore which remains unspent and classiﬁed as ongoing projects by the

Board and it has been transferred to separate bank account in April 2023.

#The Company shall not utilise the excess CSR amount spent in FY23 towards set-off of CSR expenses in succeeding three ﬁnancial years.

7.

Details of Unspent Corporate Social Responsibility amount for the preceding three Financial Years:

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

Sl. No.

Preceding

Financial Year(s)

Amount transferred to

Unspent CSR Account

under sub-section (6) of

Section 135

(in H)

Balance Amount in Unspent

CSR Account under sub-

section (6) of Section 135

(in H)

Amount

spent in the

Financial

Year (in H)

Amount transferred to a

Fund as speciﬁed under

Schedule VII as per second

proviso to subsection (5)

of Section 135, if any

Amount

remaining to

be spent in

succeeding

Financial

Years (in H)

Deﬁciency,

if any

Amount

(in H)

Date of

transfer

1.

FY – 1

[2021-22]#

4.75 crore

-

4.75 crore

-

-

-

-

2.

FY – 2

[2020-21]

-

-

-

-

-

-

-:

Managing Director

Chairperson, CSR Committee

Mumbai, 26th May 2023

DIN: 09288720

DIN: 00022995

Executive Summary of Impact Assessment Reports

1.

EDUCATION

The Company’s activities span 70 villages and reach out to

more than 10,000 students. It aims to stoke learning and

curiosity among children through its formal as well as informal

Schools. During the Covid-19 pandemic, Grasim extended

signiﬁcant support to schools to ensure the continuance

of studies.

Digital literacy classes including the installation of digital

boards in classrooms generated great interest in the course

curriculum with E-literacy programmes beneﬁting more than

4,000 students. In Nagda all the 3 Aditya Birla Schools were

digitally equipped with 57 classrooms having digital boards.

More than 40 percent of the students in these schools at

Nagda comprised of girls. Furthermore To increase the

enrolment of girls in schools and reduce the number of

dropouts, many initiatives were ﬂoated by the Company.

The assessment study covered more than 1,000 students,

out of which 50% were girls. More than 150 teachers and

around 200 parents from ABG schools, primary schools,

and Anganwadis participated in the assessment. The study

adopted a mixed method approach leveraging both,

quantitative and qualitative data. It was conducted across 24

villages in Nagda, Kharach, and Veraval covering Anganwadis,

Primary schools, and Aditya Birla schools through in-person

interactions. To gain an insight into the scale and depth of

involvement and its impact, Interviews and Focus Group

Discussions were held with multiple stakeholders such as

parents, teachers, and implementing partners.

The majority of the parents and teachers stated that the focus

of the students in pursuing higher education is increasing.

Approximately 86% respondents showed keen interest in

pursuing higher education rather than opting for a job or joining

their family business. Grasim believes that Girls’ education

plays a vital role in women's empowerment and a stable and

successful society. To push this forward Grasim makes efforts

to foster the girl child and provide equal opportunity to them.

94% of the girls afﬁrmed that there was no discrimination

whatsoever in schools and equal opportunities irrespective

of gender is the norm.

The key ﬁndings of the study are as indicated:

•

75% of students opined that they feel more involved in

the education process due to innovative and interactive

teaching provided through digital boards.

•

72% of teachers expressed that the participation of girls

has increased in cultural activities like sports and arts.

•

Teachers received Special training, advancement of

teaching and online classes, and extra logistic support

for conducting online classes.

•

95% of respondents expressed that because of the

career guidance the students are gaining conﬁdence

and are appearing for the competitive exams and their

grades have improved due to the extra efforts.

•

Due to the scholarship programme for the girl child, 50%

of families let their daughters continue to study.

•

More than 75% of the students reported having

substantially efﬁcient and effective facilities in schools.

•

The medical check-up initiative at Anganwadis shows

a shift in the outlook of parents about the health

awareness of their kids’. Early detection of health issues

in their child has helped them manifold with both

preventive and curative measures.

Overall, Grasim’s work in the ﬁeld of Education has been

impressive. Grasim should continue with all of its measures

and scale it to a higher level, bearing in mind the technological

shifts and advancements in this ﬁeld.

2.

HEALTHCARE

Grasim has always looked upon the Healthcare needs of

communities in proximity to its plants as a responsibility. Its

cohort of employees are drawn from among the communities.

Its healthcare initiatives beneﬁt a populace of over 2,00,000

in Nagda, Kharach, Veraval, Ujjain, and Pune. The Company

has accorded healthcare services at very nominal costs to

people from more than 350 villages in its 4 hospitals. Most

of these people live on the fringes of society given the lack

of accessible healthcare services, the 150 bedded hospital

in Nagda caters to critical needs of patients coming from a

radius of as far as 100 km.

Grasim Industries Limited ('Grasim' or 'the Company') conducts its CSR engagements under the aegis of Aditya Birla Centre for Community

Initiatives and Rural Development. Its articulated vision centres on inclusive growth and freedom from poverty, pivoted on the UNSDG

Goals. Its focus areas are Education, Healthcare, Rural Development, sustainable livelihood, infrastructure development, and social

reform. This Summary based on qualitative and quantitative research represents Grasim’s endeavours to foster Education, Healthcare

and Rural Development:

ANNEXURE:

Managing Director, Chief

Financial Ofﬁcer and Company Secretary; and

3.

Senior Management.

III.

Business and Talent Competitors

We benchmark our executive pay practices and levels against

peer companies in similar industries, geographies and of similar

size. In addition, we look at secondary reference (internal and

external) benchmarks in order to ensure that the pay policies

and levels across the Group are broadly equitable and support

the Group's global mobility objectives for executive talent.

Secondary reference points bring to the table, the executive

pay practices and pay levels in other markets and industries,

to appreciate the differences in levels and medium of pay,

and build in as appropriate for decision-making.

IV.

Executive Pay Positioning

We aim to provide competitive remuneration opportunities

to our executives by positioning target total remuneration

(including perks and beneﬁts, annual incentive pay-outs,

long-term incentive pay outs at target performance) and

target the total cash compensation (including annual

incentive pay-outs) at target performance directionally

between median and top quartile of the primary talent

market. We recognise the size and scope of the role and the

market standing, skills and experience of incumbents while

positioning our executives.

We use secondary market data only as a reference point for

determining the types and amount of remuneration while

principally believing that the target total remuneration

packages should reflect the typical cost of comparable

executive talent available in the sector.

V.

Executive Pay-Mix

Our executive pay-mix aims to strike the appropriate balance

between key components: (i) Fixed Cash Compensation (Basic

Salary + Allowances); (ii) Annual Incentive Plan; (iii) Long-Term

Incentives; and (iv) Perks and Beneﬁts.

Annual Incentive Plan:

We tie annual incentive plan pay-outs of our executives to

the relevant ﬁnancial and operational metrics achievement

and their individual performance. We annually align the

ﬁnancial and operational metrics with priorities/focus areas

for the business.

Annexure 'F' to the Board's Report

Long-Term Incentives:

Our long-term incentive plans incentivise stretch

performance, link executive remuneration to sustained long-

term growth and act as a retention and reward tool.

We use stock options as the primary long-term incentive

vehicles for our executives as we believe that they best align

executive incentives with stockholder interests.

We grant restricted stock units as a secondary long-term

incentive vehicle, to motivate and retain our executives.

VI.

Performance Goal Setting

We aim to ensure that, for both annual incentive plans and

long-term incentive plans, the target performance goals shall

be achievable and realistic.

Threshold performance (the point at which incentive plans are

paid out at their minimum, but non-zero, level) shall reﬂect a

base-line level of performance, reﬂecting an estimated 90%

probability of achievement.

Target performance is the expected level of performance at

the beginning of the performance cycle, taking into account all

known relevant facts likely to impact measured performance.

Maximum performance (the point at which the maximum

plan pay-out is made) shall be based on an exceptional level

of achievement, reﬂecting no more than an estimated 10%

probability of achievement.

VII. Executive Beneﬁts and Perquisites

Our executives are eligible to participate in our broad-based

retirement, health and welfare, and other employee beneﬁts

plans. In addition to these broad-based plans, they are eligible

for perquisites and beneﬁts plans commensurate with their

roles. These beneﬁts are designed to encourage long-term

careers with the Group.

Other Remuneration Elements:

Each of our executives is subject to an employment

agreement. Each such agreement generally provides for a

total remuneration package for our executives, including

continuity of service across the Group Companies.

We limit other remuneration elements, for example, Change

in Control (CIC) agreements, severance agreements, to

instances of compelling business need or competitive

rationale, and generally do not provide for any tax gross-ups

for our executives.

Risk and Compliance:

We aim to ensure that the Group's remuneration programmes

do not encourage excessive risk taking. We review our

remuneration programmes for factors, such as remuneration

mix overly weighted towards annual incentives, uncapped

pay-outs, unreasonable goals or thresholds, steep pay-out

cliffs at certain performance levels that may encourage

short-term decisions to meet pay-out thresholds.

Clawback Clause:

In an incident of restatement of financial statements,

due to fraud or non-compliance with any requirement of

the Companies Act, 2013, and the rules made thereafter,

we shall recover from our executives, the remuneration

received in excess, of what would be payable to him/her as

per restatement of ﬁnancial statements, pertaining to the

relevant performance year.

Implementation:

The Group and Business Centre of Expertise teams will assist

the Nomination and Remuneration Committee in adopting,

interpreting and implementing the Executive Remuneration

Philosophy/Policy. These services will be established through

"arm's-length", agreements entered into as needs arise in the

normal course of business.:

Managing Director

999.53

207.79

Not Applicable

16

Mr. Ashish Adukiavii

Chief Financial Ofﬁcer

470.76

Not Applicable

Not Applicable

17

Mr. Pavan Kumar Jainviii

Chief Financial Ofﬁcer

176.18

Not Applicable

Not Applicable

18

Mr. Sailesh Kumar Dagaix

Company Secretary and Compliance Ofﬁcer

147.43

Not Applicable

11%

Note:

Percentage increase / decrease in remuneration is not calculated for Directors / KMP, who were with the Company for part of the year 2022-23.

i

Smt. Rajashree Birla, leads the entire CSR initiatives and monitors its implementation for the Company. She is deeply involved in identifying and

planning the areas of social impact and then closely monitors the progress of such CSR activities. For her exemplary contribution, she has won

many awards and accolades. The most outstanding is the “Padma Bhushan” Award bestowed on her by the Government of India in 2011 in the area

of “Social Work”.

ii

Appointed as Non-executive and Non-independent Director w.e.f. 6th February 2023.

iii

Appointed as an Independent Director w.e.f. 6th February 2023.

iv

Resigned as Non-executive and Non-independent Director w.e.f. 1st February 2023.

v

Remuneration for FY 2022-23 is payable to LIC of India.

vi

He was appointed as the: Managing Director w.e.f. 1st December 2021. He was paid remuneration in the capacity of Managing Director for part of

the previous ﬁnancial year i.e. 2021-22, hence, percentage increase/(decrease) in remuneration is not comparable.

vii

He was the Chief Financial Ofﬁcer of the Company up to 14th August 2022. He was paid remuneration in the capacity of Chief Financial Ofﬁcer for

part of the ﬁnancial year i.e. 2022-23, hence, percentage increase/(decrease) in remuneration is not comparable.

viii

He was appointed as Chief Financial Ofﬁcer of the Company w.e.f. 15th August 2022. He was paid remuneration in the capacity of Chief Financial

Ofﬁcer for part of the ﬁnancial year i.e. 2022-23, hence, percentage increase/ (decrease) in remuneration is not comparable.

ix

The remuneration includes variable pay and one time payouts i.e. Award, leave encashment and dues received from previous Aditya Birla Group

employer, hence for determining the percentage increase in remuneration, the same are excluded for both the years.

Annexure 'G' to the Board's Report

b.

Remuneration to Non-executive and Independent Directors includes commission payable for the ﬁnancial year ended 31st March

2023, which is subject to the adoption of the ﬁnancial statements for the year ended 31st March 2023 by the members of the

Company at the Annual General Meeting. Sitting fees paid to the Directors is excluded.

c.

The percentage increase in the median remuneration of the employees in the FY 2022-23 stands at 14.54%.

d.

There were 24,455 permanent employees on the rolls of the Company as on 31st March 2023.

e.

Average percentage increase in the salaries of employees, other than the managerial personnel, for the FY 2022-23 was 8.10%. The

average percentage increase in the salaries of the managerial personnel for the FY 2022-23 was 11%.

f.

It is hereby afﬁrmed that the remuneration paid is as per the Remuneration Philosophy / Policy of the Company.

For and on behalf of the Board

of Grasim Industries Limited

Kumar Mangalam Birla

Managing Director are held by different individuals, where

Chairman of the Board is a Non-executive Chairman.

None of the Directors of the Company, is on the Board of more

than 10 public limited companies or acts as a Director/Independent

Director in more than 7 listed entities. None of the Director on the

Board, who is a Whole Time Director /: Managing

Managing Director of Life Insurance Corporation

of India (LIC) with effect from 1st February 2023. He has been associated

with LIC for 38 plus years. At LIC, Mr. Kumar has handled several signiﬁcant

assignments, in various capacities ranging from being CEO of LIC Mutual

Fund Asset Management Limited; Zonal Manager of Central Zone, Bhopal;

Executive Director of Estate & Ofﬁce Services, Human Resource Development

and International Operations and had additional charge of Management

Development Centre, Borivali and Vigilance Department of LIC. He has, also,

headed two prestigious Divisions, Gorakhpur and Jaipur, of the LIC.

He has, also, served as Chief Public Information Ofﬁcer and Appellate Authority,

under Right to Information Act, of LIC. He was, also, the Chief (Personnel) and

Chief (Customer Relationship Management) at LIC. He has been conferred with

'Most Inﬂuential Human Resource Ofﬁcer in Asia' Award by CHRO, Asia, 'Hinditar

Bhashi Samman' by Madhya Pradesh Rashtra Bhasha Prachar Samiti, Bhopal. He

was recently conferred with ‘Raashtreey Guarav Samman’ by Jay Foundation,

New Delhi and Aaj Ka Prahari Group of newspapers.

Mr. Kumar is a Science Graduate and has attended various training programmes

at IIM-Ahmedabad, ISB-Hyderabad, Indian Institute of Advanced Studies-

Bangalore, National Insurance Academy - Pune, Delhi Productivity Council, Third

World Productivity Council and Management Development Centre - Mumbai

etc. He had been a visiting faculty at Zonal Training Centres of LIC, Management

Development Centre (LIC), Mumbai and National Insurance Academy, Pune.

Mr. Kumar has also served on the Boards of LICHFL Asset Management Co.

Limited, LIC Housing Finance Limited, LICHFL Care Homes Limited, LIC Mutual

Fund Asset Management Company Limited, LIC of Bangladesh Limited Dhaka,

Rajasthan Financial Corporation Jaipur, High Energy Batteries (India) Limited

Chennai, Reliance Naval and Engineering Limited Mumbai and LIC (Lanka)

Limited Colombo. He is also a Director on the Board of IDBI Bank Limited. He

was a Trustee of LIC Golden Jubilee Foundation and LIC of India Provident

Fund No. 1. He was also, a Member of Governing Board of National Insurance

Academy, Pune and the Governing Body of Insurance Institute of India, Mumbai.

Category of Director

Non-executive and

Non-independent Director

Age

61 years

Date of Appointment

12th November 2021

Term ending date

Liable to retire by rotation

Tenure ~

1.5 years

Shareholding

-

Board Memberships - Indian Listed

companies

IDBI Bank Limited: Nominee

Director

Directorship(s) in public companies

1

Committee position

Chairman

-

Member

-

Area of expertise

Corporate Governance, Legal & Compliance

Financial Literacy

General Management

Human Resource Development

Industry Knowledge

Risk Management

Strategic Expertise

Sustainability:

Managing Director of the Company, is a veteran

professional in the Aditya Birla Group (ABG). He has been associated with

ABG for more than four decades and has played diverse roles in the Cement,

Chemicals, and Pulp & Fibre businesses across India, South East Asia, and China.

He started his career with ABG in 1982 as Management Trainee at Rajashree

Cement, a Division of Indian Rayon. He subsequently worked with TANFAC

as Chief Commercial Executive before moving to Thailand as Vice-president

(Commercial), Thai Peroxide in 1987 and became its Unit Head in 1995. In 2000,

he moved to Epoxy Division in Thailand as Unit Head of Thai Epoxy and was Unit

Head of Epoxy Division and Chlor-Alkali Division from 2004 until 2009. In 2009,

he moved to Thai Rayon as Unit Head. In 2013, he took on the role of COO, Pulp

and Fibre- SEA & China and Country Head, Group Affairs- Thailand. He returned

to India in 2015 to take on the role of COO- Global Manufacturing with Pulp and

Fibre Business. Mr. Agarwal is an All-India rank holder -Chartered Accountant.

He has done an Executive MBA from Sasin, Chulalongkorn University, Bangkok,

and Advance Management Programme (AMP) from Harvard Business School.

He is also a recipient of Chairman’s Outstanding Leader Award, 2012 and

the “Certiﬁcate of Excellence” in 2021 for his outstanding contribution to

Grasim’s growth.

Category of Director

Executive Director,: Managing Director

Age

63 years

Date of Appointment

1st December 2021

Term ending date

30th November 2023

Tenure ~

1.5 years

Shareholding

49,054

Board Memberships - Indian

Listed companies

-

Directorship(s) in public

companies

-

Committee position

Managing Director of the Company and it is circulated a week

prior to the date of the Meeting. The Board Agenda includes an

Action Taken Report comprising of actions emanating from the

previous Board Meetings and status updates thereof. The Agenda

for the Board and Committee Meetings includes detailed notes on

the items to be discussed at the Meeting to enable the Directors

to take an informed decision and also covers items set out as per

the guidelines in Listing Regulations to the extent it is relevant and

applicable. Audio Visual means are also used to facilitate Directors

travelling or located at other locations to participate in the

Meetings. Prior approval from the Board is obtained for circulating

the agenda items with shorter notice for matters that form part

of the Board / Committee Agenda and are considered to be in the

nature of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information ('UPSI').

The Company Secretary attends all the Meetings of the Board and

its Committees, in the capacity of Secretary of the Committees. The

Company Secretary advises/ assures the Board and its Committees

on Compliance and Governance principles and ensures appropriate

recording of minutes of the Meetings.

The draft minutes of each Board/ Committee meetings are

circulated to all Directors/ Members for their comments within 15

days of the meeting. The Company Secretary, after incorporating

comments, if any, received from the Directors/ Members, records

the minutes of each Board/ Committee meeting within 30 days

from conclusion of the meeting. The important decisions taken

at the Board/ Committee meetings are communicated to the

concerned departments promptly.

During the year, the Board met 7 (Seven) times on 24th May 2022,

16th June 2022, 19th July 2022, 12th August 2022, 14th November

2022, 6th February 2023 and 14th February 2023. The maximum

interval between any two meetings held during the year did not

exceed 120 days.

Details of attendance of Directors at the Board Meetings and at the last Annual General Meeting ('AGM') held during the year are as under:

Name of the Directors

Number of Board

Meetings held during

the tenure

Number of Board

Meetings attended

Attended last AGM held

on 29th August 2022

Mr. Kumar Mangalam Birla

7

6

Yes

Smt. Rajashree Birla

7

5

Yes

Ms. Ananyashree Birla1

1

1

Not Applicable

Mr. Aryaman Vikram Birla1

1

1

Not Applicable

Ms. Anita Ramachandran

7

7

Yes

Mr. N. Mohan Raj

7

7

Yes

Mr. Yazdi Piroj Dandiwala2

1

1

Not Applicable

Dr. Thomas M. Connelly, Jr.

7

7

Yes

Mr. V. Chandrasekaran

7

7

Yes

Mr. Adesh Kumar Gupta

7

7

Yes

Mr. Cyril Shroff

7

2

No

Mr. Raj Kumar

7

5

Yes

Dr. Santrupt Misra

7

6

Yes

Mr. Harikrishna Agarwal

7

7

Yes

Mr. Shailendra Kumar Jain3

5

5

Yes

1.

Appointed as Non-executive Director w.e.f. 6th February 2023.

2.

Appointed as an Independent Director w.e.f. 6th February 2023.

3.

Resigned as Non-executive Director w.e.f. 1st February 2023.

Meeting of Independent Directors

A separate meeting of Independent Directors of the Company was

held on 28th March 2023, without the presence of Non-independent

Directors and the management, inter alia, to discuss:

•

Evaluation of the performance of Non-independent Directors

and the Board of Directors as a whole;

•

Evaluation of the performance of the Chairman of the

Company, taking into account the views of the Executive and

Non-executive Directors;

•

Evaluation of the quality, quantity and timelines of ﬂow of

information between the Management and the Board, that

is necessary for the Board to effectively and reasonably

perform its duties.

The Independent Directors expressed satisfaction on the overall

performance of the Directors and the Board as a whole. The

Independent Directors also expressed satisfaction on the Board’s

freedom to express views on matters transacted at meetings and

the manner in which the management discusses various subject

matters speciﬁed in the agenda of meetings. Suggestions made

by the Independent Directors were discussed at the Board meeting

and are being implemented.

Resignation of Non-executive Director

During the year, Mr. Shailendra Kumar Jain (DIN: 00022454) has

stepped down as a Non-executive Director of the Company with

effect from 1st February 2023, due to advancing age and need to

devote time for family affairs including succession planning and

pursue personal interest. Mr. Jain also conﬁrmed that there is no

reason other than provided above.

Succession Planning

Your Company has an effective mechanism for succession

planning which focuses on orderly succession of the Board and

Senior Management team. The Nomination and Remuneration

Committee implements this mechanism in concurrence with the

Board. In addition, promoting Senior Management within the

organisation fuels the ambitions of the talent force to earn future

leadership roles.

Support of the Board

The Company Secretary plays a key role in ensuring that the Board

(including Committees thereof) procedures are followed and

regularly reviewed. The Company Secretary ensures that all relevant

information, details and documents are made available to the

Directors and Senior Management for effective decision-making

at the meetings. The Company Secretary is primarily responsible

to assist the Board in the conduct of affairs of the Company, to

ensure compliance with applicable statutory requirements and:

Managing Director forms

part of this Report.

Training, Induction and Familiarisation Programme: Letter of appointment, stipulating the terms of appointment, role,

rights and responsibilities, are issued to the Independent Directors

at the time of their appointment. In terms of the Listing Regulations,

the terms and conditions of appointment of Independent Director

are placed on the Company’s website at https://www.grasim.com/

upload/pdf/terms_conditions_independent_director.pdf When a

Director joins the Board of the Company, your Company conducts

introductory familiarisation programme, inter alia, covering the

nature of the industry in which the Company operates, business

model of the Company, organisational set-up, functioning of

various departments, internal control processes and relevant

information pertaining to the Company. On an on-going basis,

the Directors are familiarised with the Company’s business, its

operations, strategy, functions, policies and procedures at the

Board and Committee meetings. Changes in regulatory framework

and its impact on the operations of the Company are also presented

at the Board/Committee meetings. The Directors are also apprised

about risk assessment and minimisation procedures.

All the Directors (including Independent Directors) have the freedom

to interact with the Company’s Senior Management Personnel to

discuss the matters pertaining to the Company’s affairs.

The details of familiarisation programme, imparted to the

Independent Directors of the Company are available on the

Company’s website at https://www.grasim.com/Upload/PDF/

familiarisation-programme-independent-directors.pdf

Prevention of Insider Trading

In compliance with the provisions of the SEBI (Prohibition of

Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015, as amended, the Company has

formulated and adopted the revised 'Code of Conduct to regulate,

monitor and report trading by designated persons in Listed or

Proposed to be Listed Securities' of the Company ('the Insider Trading

Code'). The object of the Insider Trading Code is to set framework,

rules and procedures, which all concerned should follow, both in

letter and spirit, while trading in listed or proposed to be listed

securities of the Company. The Company has also adopted the Code

of Practice and Procedures for Fair Disclosure of Unpublished Price

Sensitive Information ('the Code') in line with the SEBI (Prohibition

of Insider Trading) Amendment Regulations, 2018 and formulated

a Policy for determination of ‘legitimate purposes’ as a part of the

Code. The Code also includes policy and procedures for inquiry in

case of leakage of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information ('UPSI')

and aims at preventing misuse of UPSI. The Code is available on the

Company’s website at https://www.grasim.com/Upload/PDF/pit-

code-of-practice-and-procedures-for-fair-disclosures-upsi.pdf.

The policy and the procedures are periodically reviewed and revised

from time to time and communicated to the Designated Persons.

Trading window closure is intimated to all Designated Persons and

to the Stock Exchanges in advance, whenever required. A digital

platform is being maintained by the Company, which contains the

names and other prescribed particulars of the persons covered

under the Insider Trading Code. This online tracking mechanism for

monitoring trade in the Company’s securities by the 'Designated

Persons' and their relatives helps in weekly detection and taking

appropriate action, in case of any violation/non-compliance of

the Company’s Insider Trading Code. The Company Secretary has

been appointed as the Compliance Ofﬁcer and is responsible for

adherence to the Code.

COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD

The Board has constituted various Committees with speciﬁc terms

of reference in line with the provisions of the Listing Regulations

and the Act. The Board Committees play a vital role in improving the

Board effectiveness in the areas where more focuses and extensive

discussions are required.

1.

AUDIT COMMITTEE

Composition, Meetings and Attendance

The Audit Committee of the Board comprises of 3

Independent Directors and 1 Executive Director. The

members of the Audit Committee are ﬁnancially literate and

have accounting or related ﬁnancial management expertise.

The composition of the Audit Committee complies with the

requirements of the Listing Regulations and the Act.

During the year, 7 (Seven) Audit Committee meetings were

held on 24th May 2022, 16th June 2022, 12th August 2022,

20th October 2022, 14th November 2022, 14th February 2023

and 28th March 2023.

The details of composition as on 31st March 2023 and

attendance of the members at the Audit Committee meetings

held are as given below:

Name of the Members

Categories

No. of Meetings

Held during

the tenure

Attended

Mr. N. Mohan Raj

(

Managing Director on achievement of the target.

2.

Service Contract, Notice Period and Severance

Fee: The: Managing

Managing Director

2

2

Mr. Shailendra Kumar

Jain*

Non-executive

Director

1

1

*Ceased to be the Member of the Committee w.e.f. 1st February 2023

During the year, the CSR Committee was reconstituted on

6th February 2023.

Dr. Pragnya Ram, Group Executive President, CSR is a

permanent invitee to the CSR Committee meetings.

The Company Secretary acts as the Secretary to the

CSR Committee.

5.

RISK

MANAGEMENT

AND

SUSTAINABILITY

COMMITTEE

Composition, Meeting and Attendance

The Composition of Risk Management and Sustainability

Committee ('RMSC') is in line with the provisions of the Listing

Regulations, which comprises of 3 Independent Directors,

1 Executive Director and 3 Senior Executives of the Company.

During the year, 2 (Two) meetings of the RMSC were held on

15th July 2022 and 9th January 2023.

The Board's Report and Management Discussion and

Analysis Report set out the risks identiﬁed and mitigation

plans thereof.

The details of composition as on 31st March 2023 and

attendance of the members at the RMSC meeting held are

as given below:

Name of the Members

Categories

No. of Meetings

Held

during the

tenure

Attended

Mr. N. Mohan Raj,

Chairman

Independent

Director

2

2

Dr. Thomas M.

Connelly, Jr.

Independent

Director

2

2

Mr. V. Chandrasekaran Independent

Director

2

2

Mr. Harikrishna Agarwal: Managing

Managing Director

8

8

Mr. Adesh Kumar

Gupta

Independent Director

8

8

Dr. Santrupt Misra2

Non-executive

Director

1

1

Mr. Shailendra Kumar

Jain3

Non-executive

Director

7

7

1.

Appointed as the Chairman of the Committee w.e.f.

6th February 2023.

2.

Appointed as the Member of the Committee w.e.f.

6th February 2023.

3.

Ceased to be the Member of the Committee w.e.f. 1st February 2023.

During the year, the Finance Committee was reconstituted on

6th February 2023. The Company Secretary acts as Secretary

to the Finance Committee.

The Finance Committee is authorised to exercise all powers

and discharge all functions relating to working capital

management, foreign currency contracts, operation of bank

accounts and authorising ofﬁcers of your Company to deal in

matters relating to excise, GST, income tax, customs etc.

7.

PIT REGULATION COMMITTEE

Composition, Meetings and Attendance

The PIT Committee comprises of 1 Independent Director and

1 Non-executive Director and 1 Executive Director.

During the year, 2 (Two) PIT Regulation Committee Meetings

were held on 18th November 2022 and 28th March 2023.

The Company Secretary acts as Secretary to the PIT

Regulation Committee.

The details of composition as on 31st March 2023 and

attendance of the members at the PIT Regulation Committee

Meeting held are as given below:

Name of the Members

Categories

No. of Meetings

Held

during the

tenure

Attended

Mr. V. Chandrasekaran,

Chairman

Independent

Director

2

2

Dr. Santrupt Misra

Non-executive

Director

2

2

Mr. Harikrishna Agarwal: Managing

Managing Director and Chief Financial Ofﬁcer

Certiﬁcation

In terms of provisions of Regulation 17(8) of the Listing

Regulations, certiﬁcate from: Managing Director and Chief

Financial Ofﬁcer of the Company is appended as an Annexure

to this Report.

(xiii) Website

Your Company’s website at www.grasim.com has a dedicated

section for investor relations containing the Financial Results,

Shareholding Pattern, Annual Reports, Quarterly Reports,

updates/intimations ﬁled with Stock Exchange(s), various

policies adopted by the Board. Other general information like

history of the Company, business carried out by the Company,

details of the Board of Directors, Key Managerial Personnel

and Business Heads of the Company, is also available on the

Company’s website.

(xiv) Status of Compliance of Non-Mandatory Requirement

a.

Your Company maintains a separate office for the

Non-executive

Managing Director

01/12/2021

*Date of appointment of Directors as appearing on MCA Portal.

Ensuring the eligibility of every Director for appointment / continuity on the Board is the responsibility of the Management of the Company.

We further state that this certiﬁcate is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efﬁciency or effectiveness

with which the Management of the Company has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For BNP & Associates

Company Secretaries

FRN.: P2014MH037400

PR No.: 637/2019

Avinash Bagul

Partner

FCS No.: F5578

Place: Mumbai

COP No.: 19862

Date: 26th May 2023

UDIN: F005578E000364521

Shareholder Information

1.

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

Day, Date, Time and Venue

Friday, 25th August 2023 at 11.30 a.m. (IST)

through Video Conferencing (VC)/ Other Audio-Visual Means (OAVM)

Participation through VC/OAVM for Annual General Meeting

(‘AGM’)/ Webcast

https://emeetings.kﬁntech.com

2.

FINANCIAL CALENDAR FOR REPORTING

Financial Year of the Company

1st April to 31st March

First quarter end

On or before 14th August 2023

Second quarter and half year end

On or before 14th November 2023

Third quarter end

On or before 14th February 2024

Fourth quarter and year end

On or before 30th May 2024

AGM for the year ending 31st March 2024

On or before 31st August 2024

3.

DATES OF BOOK CLOSURE

Saturday, 12th August 2023 to

Friday, 25th August 2023 (inclusive of both days)

4.

DIVIDEND PAYMENT DATE

On or after 28th August 2023

5.

REGISTERED OFFICE

Birlagram, Nagda, Dist. Ujjain,

Madhya Pradesh, India - 456331

Tel: (07366) 246766

E-mail: grasim.secretarial@adityabirla.com

6.

WEBSITE

www.grasim.com

7.

CORPORATE IDENTIFICATION NUMBER (CIN)

L17124MP1947PLC000410

8.

LISTING DETAILS

(a)

Equity Shares, Non-convertible Debentures and Global Depository Receipts (‘GDRs’):

Equity Shares and Non-convertible Debentures

GDRs

BSE Limited (‘BSE’)

Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, Fort,

Mumbai-400 001

Luxembourg Stock Exchange (‘LSE’)

Societe de la Bourse de Luxembourg P. O. Box 165, L-2011 Luxembourg,

Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, Europe

National Stock Exchange of India Limited (‘NSE’)

Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1,

G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),

Mumbai-400 051

Note: Annual Listing Fees for the ﬁnancial year 2023-24 has been paid to all Stock Exchanges and no amount is outstanding.:

Letter of Conﬁrmation have been issued

within thirty days of the date of lodgement of the complete

documents for name deletion, name change, transmission,

issue of duplicate certificate and had also filed the said

certiﬁcate with the Stock Exchanges.

18. INVESTOR GRIEVANCE REDRESSAL

During the year under review, the Company received and

redressed 60 complaints of the shareholders

Nature of Complaints

2022-23

Received Redressed

Non-receipt of share certiﬁcate/: Letter of

conﬁrmation

12

12

Non-receipt of dividend

12

12

Transmission of shares

10

10

Issue of duplicate share certiﬁcate

08

08

IEPF related

05

05

Others (Non updation of KYCs, Name

correction, etc.)

13

13

Total

60

60

PERCENTAGE OF SHAREHOLDING

letter to the RTA of the Company

well in advance for crediting the amounts through NEFT/

NECS/RTGS directly to your bank account along with copy of

PAN Card.

IEPF Refund

Shareholders whose unclaimed/ unpaid amount or shares

has been transferred by the Company to IEPF may claim

their refunds to the IEPF authority. For claiming such

amount, claimant needs to file form IEPF-5 along with

requisite documents.

Send the relevant documents for issue of Entitlement: Letter to RTA of the Company at KFin Technologies

Limited, Selenium Building, Tower-B, Plot No. 31 & 32, Financial District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally,

Hyderabad, Rangareddy, Telangana, India - 500 032.

After login, click on 'Investor Services' tab under 'MCA Services' section for ﬁling the web-based form

IEPF-5. Attach scanned copy of requisite documents in the Form.

Upload the ﬁlled in e-form, save a copy of uploaded e-form, acknowledgement receipt and indemnity

bond generated while uploading e-form.

After scrutinising the documents received, Nodal Ofﬁcer of the Company to verify the claim and furnish

the e-veriﬁcation report to the IEPF Authority within 30 days.

Based on e-veriﬁcation report, claim is processed by the IEPF Authority.

Submit self-attested copy of e- form, copy of acknowledgement, Indemnity Bond along with other

documents mentioned in the form to the Nodal Ofﬁcer of the Company at its corporate ofﬁce: Grasim

Industries Limited, Aditya Birla Centre, ‘A’ Wing, S.K. Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai – 400 030 in an envelope

marked 'Claim for refund from IEPF Authority'.

Upon receipt of Entitlement Letter, register yourself on MCA website and login to website of MCA at

https://www.mca.gov.in/mcafoportal/login.do

IEPF Authority:

e-mail Id: iepf@mca.gov.in

Tel.: 1800 114 667

Company:

Nodal Ofﬁcer: Mr. Sailesh Kumar Daga

Deputy Nodal Ofﬁcer: Mr. UIlash Chandra Parida

e-mail ID: grasim.iepf@adityabirla.com

Tel.: +91 22 2499 5828/ 5000

Step 1

Step 2

Step 3

Step 4

Step 5

Step 6

Step 7

Contact Details

Procedure to claim the unclaimed dividend amount and equity shares from the IEPF:

letter of conﬁrmation

while processing investor services request and in cases where: letter

of conﬁrmation is not submitted to DP with 120 days from the date

of issuance of letter of conﬁrmation, RTA/Company shall credit the

same into the Suspense Escrow Demat Account of the Company.

In terms of SEBI Circular, your Company has credited the shares

into 'Grasim Industries Limited Suspense Escrow Demat Account’,

in those cases where the Letter of Conﬁrmation has not been

submitted to DP within 120 days. In case your shares are lying

in Suspense Escrow Demat Account of the Company, you are

requested to claim the same by submitting Form ISR-4 along with

a copy of CML, PAN and Aadhaar Card.

During the year under review, 3,959 equity shares pertaining to

14 Folios were transferred to Grasim Industries Limited Suspense

Escrow Demat Account and voting rights in respect of the

aforesaid shares are frozen till the time such shares are claimed

by the concerned shareholders and the shares are credited in their

demat account.

Service of documents in Electronic Form

In compliance with various MCA and SEBI Circulars, Notice of the

AGM along with the Annual Report for the year is being sent only

through electronic mode to those Shareholders whose e-mail ID

is registered with the RTA/Depositories.

Shareholders may note that the Notice and Annual Report

for the year will also be available on the Company’s website at

www.grasim.com, websites of the Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE and NSE

at www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com respectively, and on

the website of RTA at https://evoting.kﬁntech.com

Link for availing the electronic communication (Green Initiative) –

https://www.grasim.com/investors/green-initiative

24. CORPORATE OFFICE AND PLANT LOCATIONS:

Corporate Ofﬁce:

Name

Address

Corporate Ofﬁce

A-2, Aditya Birla Centre, S.K. Ahire Marg, Worli,

Mumbai - 400 030

(022) 24995000/66525000

Plant Locations:

Viscose Stable Fibre:

Name

Address

Staple Fibre Division

Birlagram, Nagda - 456 331, Madhya Pradesh

Harihar Polyﬁbre Division

Harihar, Dist. Haveri Kumarapatnam - 581 123, Karnataka

Grasilene Division

Harihar, Dist. Haveri Kumarapatnam - 581 123, Karnataka

Birla Cellulosic Division & Excel Fibre Division

Birladham, Kharach, Kosamba - 394 120, Dist. Bharuch, Gujarat

Grasim Cellulosic Division

Plot No. 1, GIDC Vilayat Industrial Estate P. O. Vilayat, Taluka: Vagra, Dist. Bharuch – 392 012, Gujarat

Chlor-Alkali and Chlorine Derivatives:

Name

Address

Grasim Chemical Division, Nagda

Birlagram, Nagda, Madhya Pradesh - 456 331

Grasim Chemical Division, Vilayat

Plot No. 1, GIDC Vilayat Industrial Estate P.O. Vilayat Taluka: Vagra, Dist. Bharuch - 392 012, Gujarat

Grasim Chemical Division, Rehla

Garhwa Road, P. O.- Rehla, Dist.: Palamau, Jharkhand – 822 124

Grasim Chemical Division, Karwar

P. O. Binaga - 581 307, Karwar Dist.: Uttar Kannada, Karnataka, India

Grasim Chemical Division, Renukoot

P. O. Renukoot - 231 217, Dist. – Sonebhadra, Uttar Pradesh

Grasim Chemical Division, Ganjam

P. O. Jayshree - 761 025, Dist. Ganjam (Odisha)

Grasim Chemical Division, Balabhadrapuram

P. O. Balabhadrapuram - Survey No. 1, 2, 3, 4, Kanedumetta Road, Balabhadrapuram, East Godavari

- 533 343, Andhra Pradesh

Grasim Chemical Division, Indian Rayon

Veraval – 362 266, Dist. Gir, Somnath, Gujarat

Chemical Division at Century Rayon

Murbad Road, Shahad Station, Kalyan - 421 301, Dist. - Thane, Maharashtra

Salt Works:

Name

Address

Salt Pans at Singach

P.O. Singach, Via - Vadinar, Dist. - Jamnagar, Gujarat, 361 010

Salt Pans at Pundi

Pundi Galli, Vajrapukothuru, Dist. Srikakulam, 532 222, Andhra Pradesh

Speciality Chemicals (Epoxy Polymers & Curing Agents):

Name

Address

Grasim Epoxy Division, Vilayat

Plot No. 1, GIDC Vilayat Industrial Estate, P. O. Vilayat, Taluka: Vagra, Dist. Bharuch - 392 012 Gujarat

Textile:

Name

Address

Vikram Woollens

Plot GH I to IV, Ghironghi, Industrial Area Malanpur- 477 117 Dist. Bhind, Madhya Pradesh

Jaya Shree Textiles

P. O. Prabhas Nagar - 712 249, Dist. Hooghly, West Bengal

Grasim Premium Fabric

Plot No. T-8, Five Star MIDC, Kagal - Hatkanangle, Kasba Sangaon, Kolhapur-416 236, Maharashtra

Viscose Filament Yarn:

Name

Address

Indian Rayon

Indian Rayon Compound, Veraval 362 266, Dist. Gir Somnath, Gujarat

Century Rayon

Murbad Road, Shahad - 421 103, Dist. - Thane, Maharashtra

Insulator:

Name

Address

Aditya Birla Insulators, Rishra

P. O. Prabhas Nagar, Rishra Dist. Hoogly - 712 249, West Bengal

Aditya Birla Insulators, Halol

P. O. Meghasar Taluka, Halol Dist. Panchmahal, Gujarat – 389 330

Managing Director

9.

Does the entity have a speciﬁed Committee of the Board/

Director responsible for decision-making on sustainability

related issues? (Yes / No). If yes, provide details.

The Risk Management and Sustainability Committee encompasses all

aspects concerning sustainability. The committee evaluates the progress

of the sustainability strategy, including its key performance indicators, and

formulates suitable action plans periodically to ensure its achievement.

Please refer to the 202 page of corporate governance report.

10. Details of Review of NGRBCs by the Company:

Subject for Review

Indicate whether review was undertaken by

Director / Committee of the Board/ Any other

Committee

Frequency (Annually/ Half yearly/ Quarterly/ Any

other – please specify)

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

Performance against above policies and

follow up action

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Yes, quarterly review by the executive management

and quarterly / half yearly review by the Audit

Committee and Risk Management and Sustainability

Committee of the Board is undertaken covering

some of the above principles.

Compliance with statutory requirements of

relevance to the principles, and rectiﬁcation

of any non-compliances

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Grasim has policies for all the principles which are

reviewed on need basis. Reviews of performance

and compliance tasks are undertaken through the

Regulatory Compliance Module (RCM) and needful

action is taken based on such reviews.

11. Has the entity carried out independent assessment/ evaluation of the working of its policies

by an external agency? (Yes/No). If yes, provide name of the agency

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

The policies are currently reviewed internally and

will be subjected to external audits as and when

required.

12. If answer to question (1) above is “No” i.e. not all Principles are covered by a policy, reasons to be stated:

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

The entity does not consider the Principles material to its business (Yes/No)

Not Applicable

The entity is not at a stage where it is in a position to formulate and implement the

policies on speciﬁed principles (Yes/No)

The entity does not have the ﬁnancial or/human and technical resources available for

the task (Yes/No)

It is planned to be done in the next ﬁnancial year (Yes/No)

Any other reason (please specify)

SECTION C: PRINCIPLE WISE PERFORMANCE DISCLOSURE

PRINCIPLE 1: BUSINESSES SHOULD CONDUCT AND GOVERN THEMSELVES WITH INTEGRITY, AND IN A MANNER THAT

IS ETHICAL, TRANSPARENT AND ACCOUNTABLE

Essential Indicators

1. Percentage coverage by training and awareness programmes on any of the Principles during the ﬁnancial year:

Segment

Total number of

training and awareness

programmes held

Topics/ principles covered under the training and its impact

%age of persons in

respective category

covered by the awareness

programmes

Board of Directors

2

• Quality Journey: Research & Development

• Safety and its values

• Practices Across Value Chain

• Water intake and Efﬂuent generation

• Sustainable Products & Circular Economy

100%

Key Management

Personnel

2

• Quality Journey: Research & Development

• Safety and its values

• Practices Across Value Chain

• Water intake and Efﬂuent generation

• Sustainable Products & Circular Economy

• BRSR

100%

Employees other than

BODs and KMPs

27

• Compliances under Code of Conduct

• Pre and Post Budget sessions detailing implications on ﬁnancial health

of employees

• Health and Safety Training

• Skill Upgradation Training

• Human Rights Training

• Capacity building sessions on sustainability values

67%*

Workers

Multiple

• Health and Safety Training

• Skill Upgradation Training

• Human Rights Training

39%*

*Average percentage of persons covered by the awareness programmes.

2.

Details of ﬁnes/ penalties/ punishment/ award/ compounding fees/ settlement amount paid in proceedings (by the

entity or by directors / KMPs) with regulators/ law enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions, in the ﬁnancial year, in

the following format.

Monetary

Type

NGRBC Principle

Name of the regulatory/

enforcement agencies/

judicial institutions

Amount (In I )

Brief of the case

Has an appeal been

preferred? (Yes/No)

Penalty/ Fine

NIL

Settlement

NIL

Compounding fee

NIL

Non-Monetary

Type

NGRBC Principle

Name of the regulatory/

enforcement agencies/

judicial institutions

Brief of the case

Has an appeal been

preferred? (Yes/No)

Imprisonment

NIL

Punishment

NIL

Note: For this disclosure, materiality threshold is considered as detailed in Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 has been considered.:

Managing Director

Independent Director

Non-Executive Director

Membership No.: 105317

Membership No.: 117348

DIN: 09288720

DIN: 00181969

DIN: 00013625

Mumbai

Pavan K. Jain

Sailesh Kumar Daga

Dated: 26th May 2023

Chief Financial Ofﬁcer Company Secretary

Membership No.: F 4164

Mumbai

Dated: 26th May 2023

308

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Integrated Report

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Grasim Industries Limited

309:

Managing Director

Independent Director

Non-Executive Director

Membership No.: 105317

Membership No.: 117348

DIN: 09288720

DIN: 00181969

DIN: 00013625

Mumbai

Pavan K. Jain

Sailesh Kumar Daga

Dated: 26th May 2023

Chief Financial Ofﬁcer Company Secretary

Membership No.: F 4164

Mumbai

Dated: 26th May 2023

310

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Integrated Report

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Grasim Industries Limited

311:

Managing Director

Independent Director

Non-Executive Director

Membership No.: 105317

Membership No.: 117348

DIN: 09288720

DIN: 00181969

DIN: 00013625

Mumbai

Pavan K. Jain

Sailesh Kumar Daga

Dated: 26th May 2023

Chief Financial Ofﬁcer Company Secretary

Membership No.: F 4164

Mumbai

Dated: 26th May 2023

312

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Integrated Report

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Grasim Industries Limited

313:

Managing Director

Independent Director

Non-Executive Director

Membership No.: 105317

Membership No.: 117348

DIN: 09288720

DIN: 00181969

DIN: 00013625

Mumbai

Pavan K. Jain

Sailesh Kumar Daga

Dated: 26th May 2023

Chief Financial Ofﬁcer Company Secretary

Membership No.: F 4164

Mumbai

Dated: 26th May 2023

314

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Integrated Report

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Grasim Industries Limited

315:

Letter of Credit

(LC). Under this arrangement, the supplier is eligible to receive payment from negotiating bank prior to the expiry of the extended credit

period. The interest for the extended credit period payable to the bank on maturity of the LC has been presented under Finance Cost.

Rate of interest during the year was in the range of 5.30% to 7.50% (Previous year 5.30%).

2.26 TRADE PAYABLES

(Carried at Amortised Cost, unless otherwise stated)

H in crore

Particulars

As at

31st March 2023

As at

31st March 2022

Total Outstanding due of Micro and Small Enterprises (refer note 4.8.1)

121.41

90.55

Due to Related Parties (Note 4.6.3)

72.18

100.93

Acceptances

1,274.75

1,066.90

Others

3,242.86

3,392.35

4,711.20

4,650.73

2.26.1

Trade Payables ageing schedule

H in crore

Particulars

Unbilled (A)

Not Due (B)

Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment

Less than

1 year

1-2

years

2-3

years

More than

3 years

Total (C)

Grand Total

(A+B+C)

As at 31st March 2023

Micro and Small Enterprises

-

115.10

5.22

-

-

-

5.22

120.32

Other than Micro and Small

Enterprises

683.27

2,990.18

854.35

-

-

-

854.35

4,527.80

Disputed dues – Micro and

Small Enterprises

-

-

1.01

0.08

-

-

1.09

1.09

Disputed dues – Others

2.61

-

21.97

11.78

6.89

18.74

59.38

61.99

Total

685.88

3,105.28

882.55

11.86

6.89

18.74

920.04

4,711.20

As at 31st March 2022

Micro and Small Enterprises

-

85.67

2.92

-

-

-

2.92

88.59

Other than Micro and Small

Enterprises

640.05

3,013.92

849.50

-

-

-

849.50

4,503.47

Disputed dues – Micro and

Small Enterprises

-

-

0.12

0.10

-

1.74

1.96

1.96

Disputed dues – Others

6.05

17.73

6.24

9.46

12.34

4.89

32.93

56.71

Total

646.10

3,117.32

858.78

9.56

12.34

6.63

887.31

4,650.73

2.27 OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES - CURRENT

(Carried at Amortised Cost, Unless otherwise stated)

H in crore

Particulars

As at

31st March 2023

As at

31st March 2022

Interest Accrued but not Due on Borrowings

278.57

232.82

Unclaimed Dividends (including Unclaimed Fractional Warrants) $

18.50

18.27

Security and Other Deposits (Trade Deposits)

103.83

94.02

Liability for Capital Goods * #

576.02

355.04

Accrued Expenses Related to Employees

360.74

324.82

Derivative Liability-Carried at Fair Value

8.14

12.37

Other Liabilities payable to Related Parties (Note 4.6.3)

32.77

26.30

Other Payables (including Retention money, Liquidated damages, etc.)

239.25

140.35

1,617.82

1,203.99

*Includes amount of H 105.22 crore (previous year H 35.95 crore) payable related to Micro and Small enterprises.

# Includes acceptances of H Nil (previous year H 58.62 crore) towards capital goods.

$ It does not include any amount due and outstanding to be credited to the Investor Education and Protection Fund

358

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Integrated Report

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Grasim Industries Limited

359:

Managing Director- upto 30th November 2021

Key Management Personnel

Shri Kumar Mangalam Birla - Non-Executive Director

Key Management Personnel

Shri Shailendra K Jain - Non-Executive Director- upto 1st February 2023

Key Management Personnel

Shri Harikrishna Agrawal -: Managing

letter of credit or security deposits.

Total Trade receivables as on 31st March 2023 is H 1597.26 crore (31st March 2022 is H 1,690.42 crore)

The Company does not have higher concentration of credit risks to a single customer.

Single largest customers of the Company have exposure of 5.31% of total sales (31st March 2022: 4.51%) and in receivables 3.48% (31st

March 2022: 4.22%).

The ageing analysis of the receivables (net of provision) has been considered from the date the invoice falls due, refer note 2.11.2.

As per simpliﬁed approach, the Company makes provision of expected credit losses on trade receivables using a provision matrix to

mitigate the risk of default in payments and makes appropriate provision at each reporting date wherever outstanding is for longer period

and involves higher risk. However, total write off against receivables are H 1.99 crore of the outstanding receivables for the current year

(Previous Year H 0.22 crore).

Movement of Allowance for Doubtful Debts:

H in crore

Particulars

Current Year

Previous Year

Opening provision

44.43

63.78

Add: Provided during the year

6.91

8.02

Less: Utilised during the year

(1.09)

(1.15)

Less: Written back during the year

(3.89)

(26.22)

Closing Provision

46.36

44.43

(ii)

Investments, Derivative Instruments, Cash and Cash Equivalents and Bank Deposits:

Credit Risk on cash and cash equivalents, deposits with the banks/ﬁnancial institutions is generally low as the said deposits have been

made with the banks/ﬁnancial institutions, who have been assigned high credit rating by international and domestic rating agencies.

Credit Risk on Derivative Instruments is generally low as the Company enters into the Derivative Contracts with the reputed Banks.

Investments of surplus funds are made only with approved Financial Institutions/Counterparty. Investments primarily include investment

in units of quoted Mutual Funds, quoted Bonds, Non-Convertible Debentures issued by Government/Semi-Government Agencies/PSU

Bonds/High Investment grade Corporates etc. These Mutual Funds and Counterparties have low credit risk.

The Company has standard operating procedures and investment policy for deployment of surplus liquidity, which allows investment in

debt securities and mutual fund schemes of debt and arbitrage categories and restricts the exposure in equity markets.

Compliances of these policies and principles are reviewed by internal auditors on periodical basis.

Total Non-current and current investments as on 31st March 2023 is H 33,897 crore (31st March 2022 H 38,691 crore).

E.

Liquidity Risk:

Liquidity risk is deﬁned as the risk that the Company will not be able to settle or meet its obligations on time or at reasonable price.

Prudent liquidity risk management implies maintaining sufﬁcient cash and marketable securities and the availability of funding through

an adequate amount of credit facilities to meet obligations when due. The Company's treasury team is responsible for managing liquidity,

funding as well as settlement. In addition, processes and policies related to such risks are overseen by senior management. Management

monitors the Company's liquidity position through rolling forecasts and long range business forecasts on the basis of expected cash ﬂows.

The table below provides details of ﬁnancial liabilities and Financial assets at the reporting date

H in crore

As at 31st March 2023

Less than 1 Year

1 to 5 Years

More than 5 Years

Total

Financial Liabilities:

Borrowings (including current maturities) *

980.53

3,290.89

1,000.00

5,271.42

Trade Payables

4,711.20

-

-

4,711.20

Interest Accrued but not Due on Borrowings

278.57

-

-

278.57

Other Financial Liabilities (excluding Derivative Liability)

1,331.11

10.61

-

1,341.72

Derivative Liability

8.14

-

-

8.14

Lease liability *

28.16

69.55

30.58

128.29

Financial Assets:

Derivative Asset

20.85

-

-

20.85

Surplus Investments in Mutual Funds, Bonds, Fixed Deposit with

Corporates, ICDs and Larsen & Toubro shares etc.

3,472.11

2.16

-

3,474.27

* Contractual amount

H in crore

As at 31st March 2022

Less than 1 Year

1 to 5 Years

More than 5 Years

Total

Financial Liabilities:

Borrowings (including current maturities) *

1,075.77

2,069.69

1,000.00

4,145.46

Supplier's Credit

183.40

-

-

183.40

Trade Payables

4,650.73

-

-

4,650.73

Interest Accrued but not Due on Borrowings

232.82

-

-

232.82

Other Financial Liabilities (excluding Derivative Liability)

958.80

3.10

-

961.90

Derivative Liability

12.37

-

-

12.37

Lease liability *

25.22

84.62

6.31

116.15

Financial Assets:

Derivative Asset

0.01

-

-

0.01

Surplus Investments in Mutual Funds, Bonds, Fixed Deposit with

Corporates, ICDs and Larsen & Toubro shares etc.

4,854.98

2.08

-

4,857.06

* Contractual amount

F.

Capital Management:

The Company’s objectives when managing capital are to (a) maximise shareholder value and provide beneﬁts to other stakeholders and

(b) maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.

For the purposes of the Company’s capital management, capital includes issued capital, securities premium and all other equity reserves

attributable to the equity holders.

The Company monitors capital using debt-equity ratio, which is total debt less investments divided by total equity.

H in crore

404

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Integrated Report

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Grasim Industries Limited

405:

Managing Director

Independent Director

Non-Executive Director

Membership No.: 105317

Membership No.: 117348

DIN: 09288720

DIN: 00181969

DIN: 00013625

Mumbai

Pavan K. Jain

Sailesh Kumar Daga

Dated: 26th May 2023

Chief Financial Ofﬁcer Company Secretary

Membership No.: F 4164

Mumbai

Dated: 26th May 2023

406

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Integrated Report

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Grasim Industries Limited

407:

Managing Director

Independent Director

Non-Executive Director

Membership No.: 105317

Membership No.: 117348

DIN: 09288720

DIN: 00181969

DIN: 00013625

Mumbai

Pavan K. Jain

Sailesh Kumar Daga

Dated: 26th May 2023

Chief Financial Ofﬁcer Company Secretary

Membership No.: F 4164

Mumbai

Dated: 26th May 2023

426

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Integrated Report

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Grasim Industries Limited

427:

Managing Director

Independent Director

Non-Executive Director

Membership No.: 105317

Membership No.: 117348

DIN: 09288720

DIN: 00181969

DIN: 00013625

Mumbai

Pavan K. Jain

Sailesh Kumar Daga

Dated: 26th May 2023

Chief Financial Ofﬁcer Company Secretary

Membership No.: F 4164

Mumbai

Dated: 26th May 2023

428

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Integrated Report

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Grasim Industries Limited

429:

Managing Director

Independent Director

Non-Executive Director

Membership No.: 105317

Membership No.: 117348

DIN: 09288720

DIN: 00181969

DIN: 00013625

Mumbai

Pavan K. Jain

Sailesh Kumar Daga

Dated: 26th May 2023

Chief Financial Ofﬁcer

Company Secretary

Membership No.: F 4164

Mumbai

Dated: 26th May 2023

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity (Contd.)

for the year ended 31st March 2023

H in crore

Particulars

Year Ended

31st March 2023

Year Ended

31st March 2022

A.

Cash Flow from Operating Activities

Proﬁt Before Tax after Exceptional Items and before Share in Proﬁt/(Loss) of Equity Accounted Investees

14,517.75

12,246.53

Adjustments for Continuing Operations:

Exceptional Items

88.03

69.11

Depreciation and Amortisation Expenses

4,551.59

4,161.07

Finance Costs

1,320.27

1,295.70

Interest Income

(380.58)

(219.62)

Dividend Income

(40.40)

(31.28)

Employee Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights Expenses

118.34

66.65

Allowance for Credit Losses on Advances/Debts (Net)

9.78

(15.97)

Changes in Valuation of Liabilities in respect of Insurance Policies in force

7,451.57

4,240.83

Impairment on Financial Instruments

983.46

731.33

Excess Provision Written Back (Net)

(143.82)

(145.51)

Loss on Sale/Discard of Property, Plant and Equipment (Net)

10.64

7.71

Proﬁt on Sale of Investments (Net)

(78.57)

(220.44)

Unrealised Gain and Fair Value Adjustments on Investments measured at Fair Value through Proﬁt and

Loss (Net)

(339.86)

(640.06)

Unrealised Exchange (Gain)/Loss (Net)

(102.43)

(55.77)

Gain on control establishment on Associate

-

(7.88)

Fair Value Adjustments to Borrowings

(50.26)

(74.44)

Other Non-Cash Items

3.77

-

Gain on account of Fair Value of Investment in Aditya Birla Health Insurance Co. Limited on conversion

from Subsidiary to Joint Venture (note 4.12.5)

(2,754.27)

-

Operating Proﬁt Before Working Capital Changes

25,165.01

21,407.96

Adjustment for:

Trade Receivables

(455.24)

(1,074.49)

Loans of Financing Business

(27,972.19)

(7,100.48)

Financial and Other Assets

(1,251.53)

(1,322.62)

Inventories

(1,598.39)

(3,340.81)

Trade Payables, Other Liabilities and Provision

3,008.57

4,830.48

Investments of Life Insurance Policyholders

(7,486.55)

(3,396.75)

Cash Generated from Operations

(10,590.32)

10,003.29

Income Taxes Paid (Net of Refund)

(2,094.82)

(2,965.64)

Net Cash generated from Operating Activities (A)

(12,685.14)

7,037.65

B.

Cash Flow from Investing Activities

Purchase of Property, Plant and Equipment and other Intangible Assets

(12,036.16)

(8,587.68)

Proceeds from Disposal of Property, Plant and Equipment

111.49

82.56

Acquisition of Equity Shares in Subsidiaries

(19.34)

(41.60)

Investments in Joint Ventures and Associates

(858.73)

(35.16)

Sale of Mutual Fund Units, Shares and Bonds (Non-Current)

6,858.23

14,386.13

Purchase of Mutual Fund Units, Shares and Bonds (Non-Current)

(7,605.95)

(6,613.64)

Proceeds from (Purchase)/Sale of Investments and Shareholders' Investment of Life Insurance Business

(Current) {Net}

104.76

(4,176.52)

Proceeds on disposal of subsidiaries

3.49

-

Purchase of Other Non-Current Investments

(70.19)

(64.77)

Proceeds from Sale of Other Non-Current Investment

0.10

-

432

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Integrated Report

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Grasim Industries Limited

433:

Managing Director

Independent Director

Non-Executive Director

Membership No.: 105317

Membership No.: 117348

DIN: 09288720

DIN: 00181969

DIN: 00013625

Mumbai

Pavan K. Jain

Sailesh Kumar Daga

Dated: 26th May 2023

Chief Financial Ofﬁcer Company Secretary

Membership No.: F 4164

Mumbai

Dated: 26th May 2023

434

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Integrated Report

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Grasim Industries Limited

435:

letter of credit on its maturity will be converted into a

term loan with Axis Bank having the repayment terms as mentioned above. The

maturity of the loan is 25th November 2042. Rate of Interest 5.05% to 8.30% p.a.

18.49

18.18

RBL Bank Ltd.

The loan is repayable in 76 structured quarterly instalments beginning from

31st March 2023. The: letter of credit on its maturity will be converted into a

term loan with RBL Bank having the repayment terms as mentioned above. The

maturity of the loan is 31st December 2041. Rate of Interest 4.75% to 8.18% p.a.

74.36

21.72

ICICI Bank Ltd.

Repayable in structured quarterly instalments beginning from 31st December

2019 not exceeding beyond 31st December 2038.-Rate of Interest 7.80% to

7.85% p.a.

84.99

78.97

Axis Bank Ltd.

The loan is repayable in 78 structured quarterly instalments beginning from

31st March 2024 last installment falling due in June 2043.-Rate of Interest

8.00% to 9.10% p.a.

190.88

11.02

ICICI Bank Ltd.

Repaid during the Year

-

12.19

ICICI Bank Ltd.

The loan is repayable in 76 equal quarterly instalments beginning from

31st March 2019. The Company has opted for moratorium for repayment of

principal and interest falling due to the bank from March 2020 to May 2020

granted by Reserve Bank of India as a relief measure for COVID -19.-Rate of

Interest 7.40% to 7.45% p.a.

55.29

59.50

ICICI Bank Ltd.

The loan is repayable in 70 quarterly instalments starting from 31st December 2021

last installment falling due in March 2039.-Rate of Interest 7.80% to 8.10% p.a.

12.32

1.10

Kotak Bank Ltd.

Repayable in 70 quarterly instalments beginning 31st December 2021.-Rate of

Interest 6.45% to 8.70% p.a.

112.84

88.43

Citibank N.A.

Repayable in 74 quarterly instalments beginning February 2019.-Rate of Interest

4.48% to 8.20% p.a.

20.29

21.76

ICICI Bank Ltd.

The loan is repayable in 74 quarterly instalments which should not exceed the

maturity date i.e., 31st March 2038. -Rate of Interest 7.40% to 8.80% p.a.

22.08

23.65

Axis Bank Ltd.

The loan is repayable in 60 quarterly instalments at the % repayment agreed in

the loan agreement which should not exceed the maturity date i.e., 31st March

2036. The letter of credit on its maturity will be converted into a term loan

having the repayment terms as mentioned above.-Rate of Interest 5.30% to

7.25% p.a.

11.40

12.13

Axis Bank Ltd.

The loan is repayable in 60 quarterly instalments at the % repayment agreed in

the loan agreement which should not exceed the maturity date i.e., 31st March

2036. On its maturity will be converted into a term loan having the repayment

terms as mentioned above.-Rate of Interest 6.59% to 11.22% p.a.

15.91

14.66

Axis Bank Ltd.

The loan is repayable in 58 structured quarterly instalments beginning from

31st December 2022. The letter of credit on its maturity will be converted into a

term loan with Axis Bank having the repayment terms as mentioned above. The

maturity of the loan is 31st March 2037.-Rate of Interest 5.28% to 8.50% p.a.

84.09

84.13

492

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Integrated Report

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Grasim Industries Limited

493

letter of credit on its maturity will be converted into a term loan having

the repayment terms as mentioned above. Rate of Interest 7.15% to 8.16% p.a.

52.81

-

Kotak Mahindra Bank Term Loan shall be repaid in 70 structured quarterly instalments starting

31st December 2022 and ending on 31st March 2040. Rate of Interest 8.30% to

8.85% p.a.

162.88

-

RBL Bank Limited

The loan is repayable in 69 structured quarterly instalment after the end of

moratorium period as per the loan agreement which shall not exceed 31st March

2041. Rate of Interest 8.95% to 9.64% p.a.

18.97

-

Deutsche Bank AG

The loan is repayable from the date of ﬁrst drawdown beginning from

30th January 2024. Rate of Interest 9.07% to 9.89% p.a.

227.37

-

Federal Bank

The loan is repayable in 76 structured quarterly instalments after the end of

moratorium period as per the loan agreement which shall not exceed

31st January 2043. Rate of Interest 8.40%

5.17

-

ICICI Bank Ltd.

The loan is repayable in 78 structured quarterly instalments beginning from

31st March 2024. The maturity of the loan is 30th June 2043. Rate of Interest

8.10% to 8.65% p.a.

81.54

-

IndusInd Bank

The loan is repayable in 76 structured quarterly instalments beginning from

30th June 2024 last installment falling due in March 2043. Rate of Interest 7.85%

to 8.96% p.a.

616.48

-

Federal Bank

The loan is repayable in 76 structured quarterly instalments after the end of

moratorium period as per the loan agreement which shall not exceed

31st January 2043. Rate of Interest 8.37%

1.99

-

49,108.37

30,320.32

Less: Amount disclosed as current maturities of long-term debts under the head

'Current Borrowings' (Note 2.32)

12,529.54

8,687.65

36,578.83

21,632.67

^^ The above-mentioned loans are secured by way of ﬁrst charge, having pari passu rights, on the Subsidiary’s Property Plant and Equipments, both present

and future, situated at certain locations, in favour of Subsidiary’s lenders.

H in crore

Secured Long-Term Borrowings:

Repayment Terms

As at

31st March 2023

As at

31st March 2022

(c)

Term Loan from Banks in Foreign Currency

External Commercial Borrowing

1,931.24

2,404.34

1,931.24

2,404.34

(d)

Subsidised Government Loans

Department of Industries and Commerce, Karnataka

-Sales Tax Deferment Loan is secured by bank

guarantee backed by hypothecation of inventories

and book debts of the Company.

Varied Annual Payments from August 2032 to

March 2034.

151.92

108.69

Uttar Pradesh Financial Corporation - Sales Tax

Deferment Loan is secured by bank guarantee

backed by hypothecation of inventories and book

debts of the Company.

Varied Annual Payments from August 2019 to

December 2024.

50.80

84.95

Term Loan secured by way of ﬁrst pari passu charge

by hypothecation of the entire movable property,

plant and equipment of the Company's Excel Fibre

Division Plant at Kharach.

9 half yearly instalments from 1st April 2020

of H 27.80 crore each. Remaining 2 half yearly

instalments of H 27.80 crore each

56.59

115.45

Rate of interest @5%

H in crore

Secured Long-Term

Borrowings:

Repayment Terms

As at

31st March 2023

As at

31st March 2022

Axis Bank Ltd.

The loan is repayable in 58 structured quarterly instalments beginning from

31st December 2022 and ending on 31st March 2037 with bullet of 20% on

31st March 2037. The: letter of credit on its maturity will be converted into a term

loan having the repayment terms as mentioned above.-Rate of Interest 5.30%

to 8.50% p.a.

23.19

23.18

Axis Bank Ltd.

The loan is repayable in 58 structured quarterly instalments beginning from

31st December 2022 and ending on 31st March 2037.-Rate of Interest 7.75% to

8.75% p.a.

5.70

6.42

Kotak Bank Ltd.

Repayable in such structured quarterly instalments beginning from

31st December 2021 not exceeding beyond 31st March 2037.-Rate of Interest

6.45% to 8.70% p.a.

14.04

14.43

Axis Bank Ltd.

The loan is repayable in 58 structured quarterly instalments beginning from

31st December 2022 last installment falling due in March 2037.-Rate of Interest

7.75% to 9.30% p.a.

2.39

0.15

Axis Bank Ltd.

The loan is repayable in 58 structured quarterly instalments beginning from

31st December 2022. The letter of credit on its maturity will be converted into a

term loan with Axis Bank having the repayment terms as mentioned above. The

maturity of the loan is 31st March 2037.-Rate of Interest 5.30% to 8.50% p.a.

5.33

5.33

Axis Bank Ltd.

The loan is repayable in 57 structured quarterly instalments beginning from

31st March 2023 last installment falling due in March 2037.-Rate of Interest

7.75% to 9.30% p.a.

10.90

2.57

RBL Bank Ltd.

Repaid during the Year

-

29.56

Axis Bank Ltd.

The loan is repayable in 58 structured quarterly instalments beginning from

30th June 2022. The letter of credit on its maturity will be converted into a term

loan with Axis Bank having the repayment terms as mentioned above. The

maturity of the loan is 30th September 2036.-Rate of Interest 5.25% to 8.50% p.a.

22.46

22.46

Axis Bank Ltd.

The loan is repayable in 58 structured quarterly instalments beginning from

30th June 2022. The suppliers credit on its maturity will be converted into a term

loan with Axis Bank having the repayment terms as mentioned above. The

maturity of the loan is 30th September 2036.-Rate of Interest 5.05% to 5.20% p.a.

28.89

26.96

Bank of Baroda

Repayable in structured quarterly instalments as per the loan agreements up to

September 2034.-Rate of Interest 7.70% to 9.70% p.a.

191.01

206.20

Federal Bank

The loan is repayable in 36 structured quarterly instalments after the end of

moratorium period as per the loan agreement which shall not exceed

27th December 2029. Rate of Interest 8.10% to 8.70% p.a.

335.53

345.70

Standard Chartered

Bank

The facility is repayable by January 2025 as the maturity date of the credit

instrument. Rate of Interest 5.86% to 10.98% p.a.

44.74

118.44

Standard Chartered

Bank

The facility is repayable between 14th November 2022 - 5th December 2022 as

the maturity date of the credit instrument. Rate of Interest 6.93% to 6.96% p.a.

52.27

145.28

ICICI Bank Ltd.

The loan is repayable in 78 structured quarterly instalments beginning from

31st March 2024. The letter of credit on its maturity will be converted into a

term loan with ICICI Bank having the repayment terms as mentioned above. The

maturity of the loan is 30th June 2043.-'Rate of Interest 7.10% to 7.90% p.a.

111.94

-

RBL Bank Limited

The loan is repayable in 76 structured quarterly instalments beginning from

31st March 2023. The letter of credit on its maturity will be converted into a term

loan with Ratnakar Bank Limited having the repayment terms as mentioned

above. The maturity of the loan is 31st December 2041.-'Rate of Interest 5.60%

to 8.05% p.a.

15.50

-

ICICI Bank Ltd.

The loan is repayable in 78 structured quarterly instalments beginning from

31st March 2024. The letter of credit on its maturity will be converted into a

term loan with ICICI Bank having the repayment terms as mentioned above. The

maturity of the loan is 30th June 2043. Rate of Interest 7.80% to 7.90% p.a.

15.78

-

494

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Integrated Report

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Grasim Industries Limited

495

Letter of Credit

(LC). Under this arrangement, the supplier is eligible to receive payment from negotiating bank prior to the expiry of the extended credit

period. The interest for the extended credit period payable to the bank on maturity of the LC has been presented under Finance Cost.

Rate of interest was in the range of 5.30% to 7.50% (Previous Year 5.30%).

2.34 POLICYHOLDER'S LIABILITIES - CURRENT

H in crore

Particulars

As at

31st March 2023

As at

31st March 2022

Insurance Contract Liabilities

1,786.37

1,926.01

Investment Contract Liabilities

9.16

8.99

Fair Value Changes of Policyholder's Investments

282.37

468.41

Incurred But Not Reported (IBNR) Provisions

-

108.97

Freelook Reserve (Net)

-

0.96

Unexpired Premium Reserve

-

654.40

2,077.90

3,167.74

498

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Integrated Report

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Grasim Industries Limited

499:

Letter of Comfort Issued on behalf of clients *

2,138.34

1,614.92

* includes Corporate Guarantees given to National Housing Bank by the ABCL on behalf of its subsidiary Aditya Birla Housing Finance Limited (ABHFL) of H 3,500

crore up to 31st March 2023, against which the amount liable by ABHFL is H 2,057.71 crore (31st March 2022 H 1,498.73 crore). As per the terms of the Guarantee,

on invocation, the Group’s liability is capped at the outstanding amount. It includes Corporate Guarantees given by the Subsidiaries on behalf of its clients of

H 80.08 crore as at 31st March 2023. (Previous Year 31st March 2022 H 115.34 crore).

4.2 CAPITAL, FINANCIAL AND OTHER COMMITMENTS

H in crore

Particulars

As at

31st March 2023

As at

31st March 2022

4.2.1 Capital Commitments

a.

Estimated Amount of Contracts remaining to be executed on capital account and not provided for (Net

of Advances Paid)

9,476.70

3,913.99

4.2.2 Financial and Other Commitments

(a)

Financial Commitments

Joint Ventures @

223.78

266.51

@

As per the agreement with the Joint Ventures, the Company is committed to make additional

contribution in proportion to their interest in Joint Ventures, if required. These commitments have not

been recognised in the Consolidated ﬁnancial statements.

(b)

(i) Uncalled Liability on partly paid-up Investments of Insurance Business

289.73

282.43

(c)

The sanctioned but undisbursed amount of Aditya Birla housing Finance Limited stands at H 1,449.96

crore. (31st March 2022 : H 924.94 crore)

4.3 BUSINESS COMBINATION (IND AS 103):

A.

Acquisition of Duqm Cement Projects International LLC.

I.

Ultratech has entered into Share Sale and Purchase Agreement on 29th January 2023 with Seven Seas Company LLC and His Highness

Al Sayyid Shihab Tariq Taimur Al Said for acquisition of 70% equity share of Duqm Cement Projects International LLC Located in Oman.

The Company is mainly in the business of mining and extracting of limestone. The acquisition provides the Company to secure raw

materials for growing requirement of India Operations and create value for shareholders.

II.

Fair value of the consideration transferred:

Purchase consideration has been allocated on the basis of fair valuation determined by an independent valuer. Total enterprise

value works out to H 159.47 crore. The effective purchase consideration of H 111.62 crore.

The Fair value of identiﬁable assets acquired, and liabilities assumed as on the acquisition date are as under:

Particulars

D crore

Capital Work in Progress

11.30

Mining Reserve

148.16

Cash and Bank

0.04

Total Assets

159.50

Other Current liabilities

0.04

Fair Value of Assets

159.46

III.

Amount Recognised as goodwill:

Particulars

D crore

Fair value of consideration (70%)

111.62

Total Enterprise Value

159.47

Less: Fair value of net assets acquired

159.46

Goodwill

0.01

B.

Acquisition of Waacox Energy Private Limited (WEPL)

Aditya Birla Renewables Limited holding 49% of total equity share capital of the WEPL has acquired additional 31,880,100 equity

shares (51% of total equity share capital) of WEPL from Sangam Renewables Limited (along with its nominee) on 5th July 2021 as a

result of which WEPL has become a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of Aditya Birla Renewables Limited w.e.f. 5th July 2021.

During the previous year, Aditya Birla Renewables Limited has carried out the fair valuation exercise of WEPL in accordance with Ind

AS 103 and realigned the assets and liabilities acquired on acquisition and purchase consideration in accordance with fair value as

summarised below:

Identiﬁable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed

The following table summarise the recognised amounts of assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition:

H in crore

Particulars

As on 4th July 2021

(Fair Value)

Property, plant and equipment (including CWIP)

83.09

Other non-current assets

0.10

Tax assets (net)

0.16

Current investments

30.87

Trade receivables

1.91

Cash and bank balances

0.79

Other ﬁnancial assets

0.87

Other current assets

0.19

Purchase power agreement

1.79

Total Assets (A)

119.77

Borrowings

43.26

Deferred tax liabilities (net)

2.05

516

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Integrated Report

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Grasim Industries Limited

517:

Managing Director - upto 30th November 2021

Key Management Personnel

Shri Kumar Mangalam Birla - Non-Executive Director

Key Management Personnel

Shri Shailendra K Jain - Non-Executive Director - upto 1st February 2023

Key Management Personnel

Shri Harikrishna Agrawal-: Managing

letter and other loan securing documents agrees with its customers on collateral security

to be provided by the customers in secured loan exposures that are subject to credit risk. Collateral security enables us to recover all or

part of the outstanding exposure by liquidating the collateral asset provided, in cases where the borrower is unable or unwilling to fulﬁl

its primary obligations.

Collateral security accepted could be in the form of:

a)

Financial collateral in the form of pledge of equity shares, units of mutual funds, assignment of life insurance policies;

b)

Current assets in the form of inventories meant for sale or receivables arising out of the sale of ﬁnished goods;

c)

Fixed asset (in the form of immovable properties – real estate, Plant and Machinery, Equipment);

d)

Third-party obligation (in the form of Irrevocable Unconditional Guarantee issued by Bank, Third party);

e)

Risk participation from Credit Guarantee Fund Trust for Micro and Small Enterprises (CGTMSE); and

f)

Assignment of borrower’s rights and interests under agreements with third parties.

In addition, we also stipulates escrow of cash ﬂows and a Debt Service Reserve Account (DSRA) for project loans. Collateral serves to

mitigate the inherent risk of credit loss in an exposure, by either improving recoveries in the event of a default or substituting the borrower.

As part of the assessment of a credit transaction the availability, adequacy and suitability of collateral for the transaction is evaluated

and decided upon. The processes includes veriﬁcation of the title to the collateral offered and valuation by technical experts where

warranted. We accept as collateral only securities of good quality and have in place legally effective and enforceable documentation.

For guarantee’s taken, the guarantor’s creditworthiness is assessed during the credit assessment process of the transaction. We have

collateral type speciﬁc haircuts in place which are reviewed at intervals as appropriate to the type of collateral.

The NBFC and HFC recognises that collateral can be a credit mitigant (alternative source of repayment), but does not replace or dilute

the underwriting standards the Group adopts to underwrite credit exposures.

Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is deﬁned as the risk that the NBFC & HFC will encounter difﬁculty in meeting obligations associated with ﬁnancial liabilities

that are settled by delivering cash or another ﬁnancial asset. Liquidity risk arises because of the possibility that the NBFC and HFC might

be unable to meet its payment obligations when they fall due as a result of mismatches in the timing of the cash ﬂows under both

normal and stress circumstances.

NBFC & HFC manages its liquidity requirement by analysing the maturity pattern of NBFC & HFC's cash ﬂows of ﬁnancial assets and

ﬁnancial liabilities. The Assets-Liabilities Management of the NBFC & HFC is periodically reviewed by its Risk Management Committee.

The table below summarises the maturity profile of the undiscounted cash flows of the NBFC & HFC’s financial liabilities

as at 31st March 2023.

Financial Liabilities

H in crore

As at 31st March 2023

Within 12 Months

After 12 Months

Total

Trade and Other Payables

702.72

-

702.72

Other Financial Liabilities

829.81

240.53

1,070.34

Borrowing & Debt Securities

31,641.16

63,859.30

95,500.46

Total

33,173.69

64,099.83

97,273.52

578

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Integrated Report

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Grasim Industries Limited

579:

letter of credit or security deposits.

Total trade receivables as on 31st March 2023 is H 5,564.90 crore (excluding H 357.02 crore of Insurance and NBFC/HFC Business)

{31st March 2022 : H 5,050.47 crore (excluding H 371.89 crore of Insurance and NBFC/HFC Business).

Given the diverse nature of the Group's businesses, trade receivables are spread over a number of customers with no signiﬁcant

concentration of credit risk. No single customer accounted for 10% or more of the Group’s net sales or for any of the Group’s primary

businesses during the current year and in the previous year. Therefore, the Group does not expect any material risk on account of

non-performance by any of its counter parties.

594

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Integrated Report

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Grasim Industries Limited

595:

Managing Director

Independent Director

Non-Executive Director

Membership No.: 105317

Membership No.: 117348

DIN: 09288720

DIN: 00181969

DIN: 00013625

Mumbai

Pavan K. Jain

Sailesh Kumar Daga

Dated: 26th May 2023

Chief Financial Ofﬁcer Company Secretary

Membership No.: F 4164

Mumbai

Dated: 26th May 2023

608

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

Grasim Industries Limited:

