Letter from the Chairman

22

From the MD’s Desk

24

Jindal Saathi Campaign 4.0

26

Growth Drivers

28

Ecosystem Development

30

A People-centric Approach

32

Remarkable Feats

36

Embracing Digital Transformation

38

Redefining Success in the Age

of Responsibility

41

Environment Initiatives

42

Social Initiatives

46

Governance

50

Code of Conduct

54

Awards and Accolades

56:

Letter from the

Chairman: Dear Shareholders,

With increasing focus on sustainability,

the world is quickly transitioning towards

circularity in production processes, and

scrap-based manufacturing methods

are leading the way. I’m proud to share

that Jindal Stainless Limited (JSL) has

already been following this process and

is a front-runner in sustainable stainless

steel production.

As we reflect on the progress made and challenges

overcome by your Company over the previous financial year,

there is so much worthy of note. Even though the stainless

steel industry was affected by a multitude of challenges

globally and nationally, JSL continued on its growth

trajectory tirelessly. An actionable strategy ensured success

across major segments of the business. FY23 served as a

testament to the dedication and zeal of every individual in

all our diverse teams across the country. It is only befitting

that after a gap of 15 years, the Company announced a

dividend payment of 125% per equity share with a face value

of Rs 2 each. This was done in the form of a Special Interim

Dividend payment @Re 1 and a Final Dividend payment @Re

1.50 for FY23 to the shareholders on successful completion

of the merger of Jindal Stainless (Hisar) Limited into Jindal

Stainless Limited and on account of improved financial

performance respectively. Post the merger, JSL now has

a simplified capital structure, stronger balance sheet and

leverage ratios. This will improve financial flexibility and

unlock greater value for all the stakeholders of the Company.

A Resolution For Success

Over the past year, the global economic landscape has been

characterised by changes and uncertainties. The increase

in prices of fuel and chemicals, which directly influences

the cost of manufacturing and transporting goods, affected

various sectors. There was also volatility in the prices of

raw materials required for the production of stainless steel,

such as nickel and ferrochrome. Despite these challenges,

there were positive indicators that pointed towards a

gradual recovery and growing demand for stainless steel

products worldwide and at an even higher pace in India.

The application of stainless steel in the process, automotive,

construction and power generation industries as well as

new-age applications like nuclear, green hydrogen and

ethanol continued to increase even amid inflation, supply

chain concerns and fluctuating global demand.

A significant challenge that affected the stainless steel

industry was the imposition of export duty by the

Government of India in May 2022. Roughly 70–80% of our

export product portfolio, consisting of specialised stainless

steel products for high-end applications, was affected. The

industry welcomed the government’s decision to revoke it

in November 2022, but recovery was gradual and slow. In

addition to that, the dumping of substandard and subsidised

stainless steel imports from China placed additional pressure

on the domestic industry and created major roadblocks

in the implementation of the Make in India vision. We are

hoping that the government introduces anti-dumping and

countervailing duties to create a level playing field for

Annual Report 2022-23

22

Dear Shareholders,

As I pen this message, I want to express

my gratitude to all of our stakeholders

for the trust placed in Jindal Stainless

Limited. FY23 witnessed the completion

of the merger of Jindal Stainless (Hisar)

Limited with Jindal Stainless Limited

(JSL) – your sustained support has

been the cornerstone of our success.

I am also thankful to the loyalty and

dedication of all our hardworking

employees because of whom we are

consistently achieving ever greater

heights. I now take this opportunity

to share the achievements that have

shaped our journey over the past year.

Thriving Amidst Change

The global stainless steel market is anticipated to witness a

CAGR of 4-4.5% during 2023-2029. On the domestic front,

the consumption of stainless steel in India has grown by

nearly 10% over the past financial year to reach 4 million

tonnes, according to the Indian Stainless Steel Development

Association (ISSDA). India’s per capita consumption of stainless

steel improved from 2.5 kg in 2019 to 2.8 kg in 2023 on the

back of an increased demand for the green metal in sectors,

such as railways, process industries and Architecture, Building

and Construction (ABC). The Indian stainless steel industry is

set to grow at a CAGR of 7.5% for the next 5-10 fiscal years,

according to CRISIL. The surge in private and public investments

in infrastructure and residential housing will give additional

impetus to the demand for stainless steel. Furthermore, process

industries, infra applications like foot over bridges and rail over

bridges, redevelopment of railway infra and construction of new

airports, as well as new-age applications like ethanol and green

hydrogen production are all set to give thrust to the demand for

stainless steel.

Even as major supply-chain challenges – due to geopolitical

tensions, high inflation and tight fiscal policies – continued to

weigh down on the global economy at large, your Company

moved forward with a clear sense of purpose. On the domestic

front, there was a consistent demand from various segments.

Your Company responded to this demand by adapting the sales

planning strategies to suit the surrounding environment and

placing greater emphasis on domestic sales. Due to strategic

changes in operations and supply chain planning, your Company

will be able to deliver excellence and continue to adapt as per

the ever-changing macro-economic landscape.

Triumphant Pursuits

For the fiscal year 2023, the revenue surpassed INR 35,000

crore, showing an 8% increase compared to the previous year.

We successfully achieved a 6% increase in volume over the

course of the last year, despite the impact of export duty in

the first three quarters, the onslaught of imports from China

and sluggish demand in major economies like the EU and the

US. Your Company mitigated these challenges by adapting its

product mix with the changes in customer requirements and

market dynamics. While inflationary pressures continued in

large economies, we actively explored new sectors, segments

and markets in different geographical regions. Backed by this

recovery, it is noteworthy that your Company attained the

highest-ever quarterly sales in the fourth quarter, marking a

notable 14% Y-O-Y growth.

I am delighted to share that in March 2023, we successfully

expanded the annual melt capacity of the Jajpur unit by over

one million tonnes, along with undertaking the expansion of

necessary downstream operations. The project was completed

From the

MD’s Desk

Annual Report 2022-23

24:

Managing Director

within the planned timeline as a result of which our combined

annual melt capacity has now reached 3 million tonnes.

This achievement has propelled us into the ranks of the top five

stainless steel producers globally, excluding China.

You will be delighted to know that your Company worked with

the RDSO to come up with the most cost-effective and high

quality stainless steel for structural applications, Jindal Durasafe.

It has a service life of 100+ years and offers more aesthetic and

stronger designs, superior weldability, and high strength, with

little or no maintenance in such applications. Foot-over-bridges

in Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra stand as examples for the

prowess of stainless steel in shaping a sustainable tomorrow and

your Company has been the proud supplier for these projects.

Coming to the logistics management front, your Company is not

only digitalising every step of the process but also strategically

optimising every step of the value chain. To combat challenges

in exports, JSL enhanced focus on domestic dispatches.

The Company introduced bulk dispatches through domestic

container, increasing safety and cutting costs by 20% versus rail

dispatches. The Company also adopted break-bulk for exports

and scrap imports to enhance cost savings. Through enhanced

rail efficiency and fewer road dispatches, the Company is able

to reduce emissions by 4596 t CO2e. Digitalised interactions

between all stakeholders (the Company’s vendors as well

as customers) and live tracking of transported orders have

improved communication turnaround times and brought in

higher efficiencies in decision-making.

Unveiling New Horizons

Your Company is gearing up to meet the increasing demand

for stainless steel both in India and globally, capitalizing on

the government's emphasis on infrastructure development.

The architecture, building and construction (ABC) sector saw a

substantial budget allocation of Rs 10 lakh crore in the 2023-24

budget – a threefold increase since 2019 – which shows that

the government is resolute in constructing durable, corrosion-

resistant, and sustainable infrastructure. Stainless steel is the

apt material for this growth, given its added advantages of low

lifecycle costs and minimal emissions. The automobile, railways,

and transport (ART) sector will also remain a significant driver of

stainless steel demand in India.

Creating and sustaining an ecosystem that recognizes the

importance of stainless steel in charting our nation’s growth

story is not only important for your Company but for the

entire domestic stainless steel industry. Further cementing its

commitment on this front, your Company is planning extensive

infrastructure development in Odisha in the form of the Jindal

Stainless Park, which will be a more than 250-acre greenfield

park serving over 100 downstream MSME industries. Continuing

thrust on the Stainless Academy, you Company is dedicated

to advocate and popularize the usage and benefits of stainless

steel across the entire gamut of stakeholders. Right from

academia and future decision makers up to fabricators and other

stakeholders in the ecosystem, and even end consumers, we are

working on every front to ensure category recognition and skill

development to increase usage of stainless steel.

Safeguarding The Workforce And

The Environment

JSL places great importance on the occupational and JSL

places great importance on the occupational and personal safety

and well-being of its employees. During the past year, we took

several measures to enhance emergency management facilities,

such as expanding fire hydrant lines and installing gas flooding

systems in critical areas. We also aim to foster a strong safety

culture by actively involving employees in safety awareness

campaigns, mock drills and training programmes. Our efforts

resulted in JSL recording a commendably low Lost Time Injury

Frequency Rate per 1 million hours, of 0.37.

In the era of climate change, the protection of the environment

has been at the forefront of our operations and JSL has

consistently demonstrated its commitment to operational

excellence and environmental sustainability. As a first for the

organisation, JSL appointed a Chief Sustainability Officer (CSO)

who will lead the Company's sustainability initiatives, including

efforts to decarbonise and reduce carbon emissions in its

capacity expansion plans.

The Company achieved a reduction of ~2.4 lakh tons CO2e in

the last two fiscals (FY22 and FY23). Through the installation

of new rooftop and floating solar plants and partnership with

ReNew Power to set up ~300 MW wind-solar hybrid project to

generate 700 million units per year, your Company has actively

pursued measures to reduce its carbon footprint and promote

a greener future. Our utilisation of renewable energy currently

stands to the tune of 33,401 MWh at our plants. Our partnership

with Hygenco India for a green hydrogen plant highlights

the pioneering role we are playing in adopting sustainable

practices and becoming India's first stainless steel company to

implement such a facility. Along with that, water management

is a top priority for your Company, as we target to achieve zero

liquid discharge and ensure 100% water recycling across all

our plants.

Green fleets, i.e. EVs have been introduced in the Jajpur plant as

a step towards sustainable transportation. As a unique initiative,

your Company organised a plastic waste collection drive on

the World Environment Day 2022 in its corporate office and

collected over 100 kgs of plastic waste. This year, the initiative

was extended to the plants as well and nearly 1500 employees

participated in the collection of over 2200 kgs of plastic waste!

This collected plastic is getting converted into useful products

like benches, chairs and bins. All these efforts will further

strengthen the Company’s mission to achieve net-zero emissions

by 2050.

Shaping A Stainless Future

Akin to previous years, FY23 also brought accolades for us.

Your Company received the P&G Grooming Excellence Award

for outstanding performance as an external business partner,

numerous awards at the state and national level quality circle

competitions, and the Emerging Steel Company of the Year Award

at the India Steel Conference. JSL was also awarded the Platinum

Greentech Quality and Innovation Award 2022 and UBS Forum’s

Best-in-Class Manufacturing Facility Award 2022, and these were

just some highlights among many other moments of pride.

As JSL continues to spearhead sustainable manufacturing

practices and embrace innovation, its commitment to social

upliftment grows stronger with each milestone. Your Company

is resolute on its commitment to uplift and support communities

and stakeholders through CSR endeavours in the areas of

livelihood generation for women, community health service,

education and skill development, and agriculture. It gives me

pride to share that the Hon'ble President of India, Smt Droupadi

Murmu reviewed and appreciated the CSR efforts made by your

Company when we joined the government in making Odisha,

and India, free from the menace of drugs.

As we continue this journey to create long-term value for

every stakeholder, I thank all shareholders, board of directors,

customers, bankers, investors and employees, for reposing your

trust in the Company. I look forward to your valuable support

in strengthening this stainless resolve for many more years

to come.

25

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

Corporate

Overview:

Managing Director conducting quarterly Town Halls through

‘Sampark’ to establish personal and direct communication

with all employees. In terms of talent and leadership

development, JSL has partnered with a leading consulting

firm to design and deliver an employee development

journey called ‘Parivartan’. This programme aims to build

a robust talent pipeline by identifying and developing

high-potential individuals.

Engagement initiatives, such as Fantastic Friday events,

Family Day Utsav, festival celebrations, sports events and

engagement surveys, were conducted to foster a positive

work environment. JSL has also taken steps to prioritise

diversity and inclusion, creating a safe working environment

for all employees. The Company continues to hire talent

from top institutes and companies while also developing

its internal talent pool through job rotations, individual

development planning, leadership programs in collaboration

with IIMs and various technical and behavioural training

interventions. This year, JSL has successfully recruited a

significant number of candidates from campuses, bringing in

fresh young talent.

Through these initiatives, JSL has built and maintained an

ecosystem of trust, understanding and openness, resulting in

cordial and harmonious relationships with employees across

all locations throughout the year.

33

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

Corporate

Overview:

Managing Director

Mr Jayaram Easwaran

Member, Independent Director

Dr Rajeev Uberoi

Member, Independent Director

Dr Aarti Gupta

Member, Independent Director

Stakeholders

Relationship

Committee

Mr Jayaram Easwaran

Chairman of the Committee,

Independent Director

Mr Abhyuday Jindal

Member,: Managing Director

Mr Anurag Mantri

Member, Executive Director &

Group CFO

Dr Aarti Gupta

Member, Independent Director

Mrs Shruti Shrivastava

Member, Independent Director

Corporate Social

Responsibility

Committee

Mr Ratan Jindal

Managing Director

Mr Jagmohan Sood

Member, Wholetime Director

Key Managerial Personnel

1

4

5

2

3

z Environment, Health &

Safety Policy

z Anti-Bribery &

Anti-Corruption Policy

z Board Charter

z Dividend Distribution Policy

z Remuneration policy

z Policy on Familiarization Program

z Policy on Material Subsidiaries

z Whistle Blower Policy

z Related Parties Policy

z CSR Policy

z Policy on disclosure of Material

events or information

z Code of Practice & Procedures

for fair disclosure of unpublished

price sensitive information

z Policy on preservation & archival

of documents

Mr Ratan Jinda

Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

Mr. Abhyuday Jindal,: Managing

Managing Director (DIN: 00054026), who

retires by rotation in terms of the provisions of Section

152(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 and being eligible,

offers himself for re-appointment.

4. To appoint a Director in place of Mr. Tarun Kumar Khulbe,

Whole-time Director (DIN: 07302532), who retires by

rotation in terms of the provisions of Section 152(6) of the

Companies Act, 2013 and being eligible, offers himself for

re-appointment.

SPECIAL BUSINESS:

AS AN ORDINARY RESOLUTION:

To consider and if thought fit, to pass, the following

resolution:

5. RATIFICATION OF REMUNERATION TO BE PAID TO

M/S RAMANATH IYER & CO., COST ACCOUNTANTS,

AS COST AUDITORS OF THE COMPANY, FOR THE

FINANCIAL YEAR 2023-24

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section

148 and all other applicable provisions, if any, of the

Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Cost

Records and Audit) Rules, 2014 and Rule 14 of the

Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended

from time to time, the remuneration of INR 4,31,200/-

(Rupees Four Lakh Thirty One Thousand Two Hundred

only) (excluding reimbursement for direct and allocated

expenses incurred in connection with the performance

of the services on actual basis and applicable taxes) as

fixed by the Board of Directors of the Company, payable

to M/s Ramanath Iyer & Co., (Firm Registration No.

000019), Cost Accountants, as Cost Auditors, appointed

by the Board of Directors of the Company upon the

recommendation of the Audit Committee for conducting

audit of cost accounting records of the Company for the

Financial Year 2023-24, be and is hereby ratified;

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of

the Company be and is hereby authorised to do all acts,

deeds, matters and things as may be deemed necessary

to give effect to this resolution.”

AS SPECIAL RESOLUTIONS:

To consider and if thought fit, to pass, the following

resolutions:

6. APPOINTMENT OF DR. AARTI GUPTA (DIN:

01668171) AS AN INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR OF

THE COMPANY

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections

149, 150, 152 and 160 and all other applicable provisions,

if any and Schedule IV of the Companies Act, 2013

(“the Act”) read with the Companies (Appointment and

Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 and Regulation

16, 17 and 25 of the Securities and Exchange Board of

India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), including any

statutory modifications or re-enactment(s) thereof and

any rules made thereunder, and other requisite approvals,

Dr. Aarti Gupta (DIN: 01668171), who was appointed as

an Additional Director (Non-Executive Independent) w.e.f.

12th July, 2023 by the Board of Directors and in respect

of whom the Company has received a notice in writing

from a Member proposing her candidature for the office

of Independent Director under Section 160 of the Act, be

and is hereby appointed as a Non-Executive Independent

Director of the Company, whose term shall not be subject

to retire by rotation, to hold office for a period of three (3)

consecutive years w.e.f. July 12, 2023 till July 11, 2026.”

7. APPOINTMENT OF MR. AJAY MANKOTIA (DIN:

03123827) AS AN INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR OF

THE COMPANY

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections

149, 150, 152 and 160 and all other applicable provisions,

if any and Schedule IV of the Companies Act, 2013

(“the Act”) read with the Companies (Appointment and

Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 and Regulation

16, 17 and 25 of the Securities and Exchange Board of

India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), including any

statutory modifications or re-enactment(s) thereof and

any rules made thereunder, and other requisite approvals,

Mr. Ajay Mankotia (DIN: 03123827), who was appointed as

an Additional Director (Non-Executive Independent) w.e.f.

July 12, 2023 by the Board of Directors and in respect

of whom the Company has received a notice in writing:

letter of appointment of Dr. Aarti Gupta setting

out the terms and conditions of appointment is available for

inspection without any fees by the members at the Registered

Office of the Company and Corporate Office of the Company

during normal business hours on working days upto the date

of this AGM. The same is also available on the website of the

Company at: www.jindalstainless.com

Your Directors recommend the resolution set out at Item No.

6 as a Special Resolution to the Members for their approval.

This Explanatory Statement may also be regarded as a

relevant disclosure under the SEBI Regulations and other

applicable laws.

Except Dr. Aarti Gupta and her relatives, to the extent of

their shareholding interest, if any, in the Company, none of

the other Directors, Key Managerial Personnel(s), and their

relatives, are in any way, concerned or interested, financially

or otherwise in the said resolution.

ITEM NO. 7

As per SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 ("SEBI Listing Regulations") where the

listed entity has an Executive Chairperson, at least half of the

Board of Directors shall comprise of Independent Directors.

Hence, in order to have an optimum combination of Executive

and Non-Executive Directors on the Board of Directors of

the Company, the Board of Directors upon recommendation

of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of

Directors of the Company, approved the appointment of

Mr. Ajay Mankotia as an Additional Director (Non-Executive

Independent) w.e.f. July 12, 2023.

The Board of Directors were of the opinion that his

association would be of immense benefit to the Company

and recommended his appointment as Non-Executive

Independent Director under Section 149 of the Act read

with Schedule IV thereto, whose office shall not be liable

to retirement by rotation, for a term of 3 (three) consecutive

years commencing from 12th July, 2023 till 11th July, 2026.

In the opinion of the Board, Mr. Ajay Mankotia fulfils the

conditions of appointment as a Non-Executive Independent

Director as specified in the Act and the SEBI Listing

Regulations and is independent of the management of the

Company. In terms of Section 160(1) of the Act, the Company

has received a notice in writing from a member proposing his

candidature for appointment as Non-Executive Independent

Director of the Company.

The Company has received a declaration from Mr. Ajay

Mankotia confirming the criteria of independence as

prescribed under Section 149(6) and 152(4) of the Act and

under Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations.

Mr. Ajay Mankotia is not disqualified from being appointed

as Director in terms of Section 164 of the Act, as amended

from time to time. Mr. Ajay Mankotia is also not debarred from

holding the office of a director by virtue of any SEBI order or

any other authority.

The information as required under the SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 and Secretarial Standard-2 is provided under the head

“Additional Information”.

A copy of the: letter of appointment of Mr. Ajay Mankotia

setting out the terms and conditions of appointment is

Managing Director and Mr. Tarun Kumar Khulbe, Whole-time Director who

are liable to retire by rotation and eligible for re-appointment, are as under:

Name of Director

Mr. Ratan Jindal

Mr. Tarun Kumar Khulbe

DIN

00054026

07302532

Brief Resume

A commerce graduate and alumnus of the

Wharton School of Management, Mr. Ratan

Jindal is the Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director as a Director liable

to retire by rotation. Please note that the terms

and conditions of appointment of Mr. Ratan Jindal

as Chairman &: Managing Director have been

approved by the members on June 27, 2022

through Postal Ballot.

The present resolution seeks approval of the

Members for re-appointment of Mr. Tarun

Kumar Khulbe as a Director liable to retire

by rotation. Please note that the terms and

conditions of appointment of Mr. Tarun Kumar

Khulbe, Whole-time Director have been

approved by the members in their 41st AGM

held on September 16, 2021.

Details of remuneration

to be sought and

remuneration last drawn

The resolution to this notice of AGM is with regard

to re-appointment of Mr. Ratan Jindal,

letter).

⊲ Click “confirm” (Your password is now generated).

2. Click on ‘Login’ under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab.

3. Enter your User ID, Password and Image Verification (CAPTCHA) Code and click on ‘Submit’.

4. After successful login, you will be able to see the notification for e- voting. Select ‘View’ icon.

5. E-voting page will appear.

6. Refer the Resolution description and cast your vote by selecting your desired option ‘Favour / Against’

(If you wish to view the entire Resolution details, click on the ‘View Resolution’ file link).

7. After selecting the desired option i.e. Favour / Against, click on ‘Submit’. A confirmation box will be

displayed. If you wish to confirm your vote, click on ‘Yes’, else to change your vote, click on ‘No’ and

accordingly modify your vote.

Institutional shareholders:

Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than Individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) and Custodians are required to log on the e- voting system

of LIIPL at https://instavote.linkintime.co.in and register themselves as ‘Custodian / Mutual Fund/ Corporate Body’. They are

also required to upload a scanned certified true copy of the board resolution/authority: letter/power of attorney etc. together with

attested specimen signature of the duly authorised representative(s) in PDF format in the ‘Custodian / Mutual Fund / Corporate

Body’ login for the Scrutinizer to verify the same.

Individual Shareholders holding securities in Physical mode & e-voting service Provider is LINKINTIME, have forgotten the

password:

⊲ Click on ‘Login’ under ‘SHAREHOLDER’ tab and further Click ‘forgot password?’

⊲ Enter User ID, select Mode and Enter Image Verification (CAPTCHA) Code and Click on ‘Submit’.

•

In case shareholders/ members is having valid email address, Password will be sent to his / her registered e- mail address.

•

Shareholders/ members can set the password of his/her choice by providing the information about the particulars of the

Security Question and Answer, PAN, DOB/DOI, Bank Account Number (last four digits) etc. as mentioned above.

•

The password should contain minimum 8 characters, at least one special character (@!#$&*), at least one numeral, at least

one alphabet and at least one capital letter.

letter mentioning the name,

folio number and complete address; and (ii) self-attested scanned copy of the PAN Card and any document (such as Driving

Licence, Bank Statement, Election Card, Passport, Aadhar Card) in support of the address of the Member as registered with

the Company; to the email address of the Company investorcare@jindalstainless.com.

In case shares are held in demat mode, Members may obtain the login ID and password by sending scanned copy of (i) a

signed request: letter mentioning their name, DP ID-Client ID (16 digit DP ID + Client ID or 16 digit beneficiary ID); (ii) self-

attested scanned copy of client master or Consolidated Demat Account statement; and (iii) self-attested scanned copy of the

PAN Card, to the email address of the Company investorcare@jindalstainless.com

2. Members are requested to immediately notify to the Registrar any change in their address, in respect of equity shares held in

physical mode and to their depository participants (DPs) in respect of equity shares held in dematerialized form.

3. The Securities & Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) vide its circular SEBI/HO/MIRSD/ MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2021/655 dated

November 3, 2021 read with clarification circular SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2021/687 dated December 14, 2021

has notified simplified norms for processing investors service request by Registrar and mandatory furnishing/updation of PAN,

KYC, Bank details, Nomination details and specimen signature by all shareholders holding share in physical form.

Accordingly, the shareholders of the Company holding shares in physical form are requested to submit the following documents/

information to the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent (“RTA”) of the Company:

•

Update valid PAN and KYC details in Form ISR-1;

•

Nomination details in Form SH-13 or submit declaration to ‘Opt-out’ in Form ISR-3;

•

Submit Form SH-14 to change nomination details;

•

Contact details including Postal address with PIN code, Mobile Number, E-mail address;

•

Bank Account details including name of Bank and branch address, Bank account number, IFS code; and

•

Register/update Specimen Signature in Form ISR-2, duly attested by the banker of the concerned Shareholders, along with

original cancelled cheque with respective name(s) printed thereon or extracts of the Bank Passbook / Statement reflecting

their bank account details, duly attested by the Bank.

Further, in terms of SEBI circular SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8 dated January 25, 2022 and as an on-going

measure to enhance ease of dealing in shares by the shareholders, the securities will be issued in dematerialized form only while

processing certain service requests including issue of duplicate securities certificate, endorsement, sub-division / splitting of

securities certificate, consolidation of securities certificates/folios, transmission, transposition etc. Therefore, the shareholder(s)/

claimant(s) are requested to submit duly filled up Form ISR-4 along with the documents / details specified therein for processing

any requests pertaining to the abovementioned services requests to the Registrar.

Shareholders are requested to kindly update respective Email Id and Mobile No. with Registrar of the Company for records

as well as for receiving communications by electronic means. The shareholders are requested to convert their shareholding

in Dematerialised Form to eliminate the risk associated with the physical share certificate including Freezing of Folio.

The relevant forms for the aforementioned submissions are provided in the following link:

https://www.jindalstainless.com/investors-assistance/

The shareholders are advised to provide the duly filled-in and signed documents along with the related proofs to the Registrar.

You are requested to ignore this communication if you have already updated/submitted the aforesaid information.

4. The Company's equity shares are compulsorily traded in dematerialised form by all investors Shareholders are requested to

get the shares dematerialised in their own interest.

5. The Company has created an Email Id. 'investorcare@jindalstainless.com', which is being used exclusively for the

purpose of redressing the complaints of the investors.

6. Members should quote their Folio No. / DP Id-Client Id, email addresses, telephone / fax numbers to get a prompt reply to their

communications.

7. The annual accounts and other related documents of the subsidiaries are available at the website of the Company at

https://www.jindalstainless.com/ and will be made available to any member of the Company who may be interested in obtaining

the same. The consolidated financial statements of the Company include the financial results of all the subsidiary companies.

The annual accounts of the subsidiary companies would be open and accessible for inspection by shareholder / investor at

registered office of the Company and registered office of the subsidiary companies on any working day except holidays.

8. The Scrutinizer shall after the conclusion of e-Voting at the 43rd AGM, first download the votes cast at the AGM and thereafter

unblock the votes cast through remote e-Voting and shall make a consolidated scrutinizer’s report of the total votes cast in

favour or against, invalid votes, if any, and whether the resolution has been carried or not and such Report shall then be sent to

the

Managing Director of the

Company for a term of five years w.e.f. 01st April 2022.

C. Directors retiring by rotation:

In terms of the provisions of Section 152 of the Companies

Act, 2013 read with the Articles of Association of the

Company, Mr. Ratan Jindal (DIN: 00054026), Chairman

&: Managing Director and Mr. Tarun Kumar Khulbe

(DIN: 07302532), Wholetime Director of the Company

retires by rotation at the ensuing Annual General

Meeting (AGM) and being eligible offers themselves

for re-appointment.

Brief resume and other details as stipulated under

Regulation 36(3) of SEBI LODR and Secretarial Standard

- 2 issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of

India, for re-appointment of Mr. Ratan Jindal,

Managing Director of

the Company for a period of five years w.e.f. 1st April,

2022. The aforesaid matters were duly approved by the

members of the Company and the result of postal ballot

were declared on 28th June, 2022;

b. Postal Ballot notice dated 2nd August, 2022, for seeking

approval of the shareholders for (i) making Jindal United

Steel Limited a Wholly Owned Subsidiary by way of

acquisition of 34,15,89,879 Equity Shares from OPJ Steel

Trading Private Limited, a promoter group company,

and;(ii) re-appointment of Mr. Jayaram Easwaran (DIN:

02241192) as an Independent Director for a second term

of three consecutive years. The aforesaid matter was duly

approved by the members of the Company and the result

of postal ballot were declared on 3rd September, 2022;

c. Postal Ballot notice dated 18th November, 2022, for seeking

approval of the shareholders for (i) re-appointment of Mrs.

Arti Luniya (DIN: 05341955) as an Independent Director

for a second term of three years, and; (ii) appointment

of Dr. Rajeev Uberoi (DIN: 01731829) as an Independent

Director for a first term of three years.

The aforesaid matters were duly approved by the members of

the Company and the result of postal ballot was declared on

29th December, 2022.

Apart from the above, the members of the Company in its

Extra-ordinary General Meeting (EGM) held on 20th April,

2023 approved the (i) appointment of Mr. Anurag Mantri

(DIN: 05326463) as Executive Director & Group CFO of the

Company; and; (ii) appointment of Mrs. Shruti Shrivastava

(DIN: 08697973) as an Independent Director for a first term of

three years. The aforesaid matter was duly approved by the

members of the Company and the results of the EGM was

declared on 21st April 2023.

FIXED DEPOSITS

Your Company had stopped accepting / renewing deposits

from 1st April 2014. In compliance of the CLB Order, your

Company has repaid the entire outstanding deposits on

30th June 2016. As on 31st March 2023, your Company had total

outstanding unclaimed matured deposits of INR 12,82,321/-.

The details relating to deposits, covered under Chapter V of

the Act are provided hereunder:

1. Accepted during the year: Nil

2. Remained unpaid or unclaimed as at the end of the year

due to pending clearance of cheques including interest:

INR 12,82,321/- (unclaimed matured).

3. Whether there has been any default in repayment of

deposits or payment of interest thereon during the year

and if so, number of such cases and the total amount

involved: - no default has been made and hence these

details are not applicable.

(a) at the beginning of the year: Not Applicable

(b) maximum during the year: Not Applicable

(c) at the end of the year: Not Applicable

4. The details of deposits, not in compliance with the

requirements of Chapter V of the Act: Nil:

Managing Director,

Chairman of the CSR Committee

2

Ms. Bhaswati

Mukherjee

Independent Director, Member of the

CSR Committee

3

Mr. Tarun

Kumar Khulbe

Wholetime Director, Member of the

CSR Committee

Your Company has in place a CSR policy indicating the areas

of Company’s CSR activities. The CSR Policy can be accessed

on your Company’s website at the following link: https://

www.jindalstainless.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/JSL-

CSR-Policy.pdf

Further, the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee,

in pursuance to its CSR policy, had formulated and

recommended to the Board, annual action plan along with

the CSR projects for the financial year 2022-23 and the same

is approved by the Board of Directors of the Company.

The CSR Projects for the Finacial Yaer 2022-23 approved

by the Board of Directors of the Comoany are available

on

the

link:

https://www.jindalstainless.com/corporate-

governance#corporate-governance

The disclosure as per Rule 8 of the Companies (Corporate

Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 is herewith as

Annexure – V to this Report.

The details of meeting held during the financial year under

review and attendance of Committee members at the said

meeting are provided in the Corporate Governance Report,

forming part of the Annual Report.

ENVIRONMENT, SOCIAL & GOVERNANCE (ESG)

Your Company aims to create long-term value for

stakeholders by incorporating ESG standards and focusing

on positive environmental and social performance. The

Company aims to achieve net zero carbon emissions by

2050 and plans to increase its renewable energy portfolio.

Our 2050 sustainable development plan is an outcome of our

risk management process. We have also increased usage of

renewable energy, scrap for deep de-carbonization. We have

been working on improving our energy efficiency and process

efficiency through best available technologies. Innovative

processes including CCUS, green hydrogen in DRI and

direct electrolysis.

Environment:

The initiatives taken by the Company towards its target to

become net zero are available in the Annual Report.

JSL has invested in the strategic wastewater management

system that ensures no discharge of wastewater into the

environment. JSL has its own effluent treatment plants (ETP)

to reuse treated waste water for various purposes. The

company also promotes roof top water harvesting, using

recycled water and harvested rainwater for 39% of total

water consumption.

The company promotes environmental risk management

and compliance with regulations, implementing the ‘3-R’

philosophy for waste management. JSL produces most

of its stainless steel from recycled scrap-metal recovered

from slag-grinding dust, reducing the need for natural

resources. Fly ash from the Captive Power Plant is reused

100% for cement plants, brick manufacturers, and sheet

manufacturers, and bottom ash is sent for road making. Slag

from Steel Melting Shop & Ferro Alloy Plant being generated is

processed in Metal Recovery plant/Jigging Plant for recovery

of valuable metal and further rejected slag are being reused

in road making of NHAI. Hazardous Wastes namely used oil &:

Managing Director nor the Whole-time

Director of the Company received any remuneration or

commission from any of the subsidiary companies.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

Your Directors would like to express their gratitude for

the valuable assistance and co¬operation received from

shareholders, lenders, government authorities, customers

and vendors. Your Directors also wish to place on record their

appreciation for the committed services of all the employees

of the Company.

For and on behalf of Board of Directors

Abhyuday Jindal

Anurag Mantri

Place: Gurugram: Managing

Managing Director

Executive Director & Group CFO

Date: 17th May, 2023

DIN: 07290474

DIN: 05326463

Jajpur:

• Greentech Quality & Innovation Award-2022

Winner of Greentech Quality & Innovation Award 2022 for outstanding achievements in Quality Improvement in Products.

• Best - in- class manufacturing Facility-2022

Winner of Best -in- class Manufacturing Facility award 2022 organized by UBS Forum.

• 22nd Annual Greentech Environment Award-2022

Winner of 22nd Annual Greentech Environment Award - 2022 (Platinum category) in Metal & Mining Sector for outstanding

achievement in Environmental Management.

• Gold awards in CCQC-2022(State level competition)

Winner of 29 gold awards in Chapter Convention on Quality Concepts (CCQC) 2022 organized by QCFI Bhubaneswar

Chapter.

• Par Excellence award in NCQC-2022(National level QC competition)

Winner of 23 Par excellence awards and 4 Excellence awards in National level QC competition (NCQC) 2022.

• Fame Environment Excellence Award-2022

Winner (Platinum category) from FAME (Foundation for Accelerated Mass Empowerment) in Metal & Mining Sector, for

outstanding achievement in Environment Management.

• 12th Exceed Environment Award-2022

Winner (Platinum category) in Steel Sector for outstanding achievement in Environmental Preservation organized by

Sustainable Development Foundation.

• Grow Care India Quality Management Award-2022

Received Platinum award under the category of Metal and Mining sector by Grow Care India

• Operational Excellence Award-2022

Best energy efficient unit in the category of 50-135 MW coal fired power plants

• Orissa State Energy Conservation Award-2022

Appreciation Award under thermal power plant category from OSECA conducted by state designated agency.

• Council of Enviro Excellence Awards for CPP 50MW-135MW

a. JSL CPP achieved Operational excellence award by CEE on 30.11.22 against many reputed organisations.

b. JSL CPP was adjudged National level winner as Best Performing Coal Based Thermal power plant conducted by CEE on

14th March, 2023.

Hisar:

• Awarded Winner of “Golden Peacock Award” for Energy Efficiency2022.

• Bagged the “Energy Efficient Unit’ award in 23rd CII National Award for Excellence in Energy Management 2022.

• Bagged the “India-Green Award-2022” in the award category of “The sustainable Energy Achievement Award”.

• Bagged “Econaur Sustainability Award-2022” for outstanding contribution to environment & best practices in Energy.

• Winner of Platinum Award in “Iron &Steel Sector” in SEEM National Energy Management Award.

• Bagged “Platinum Award” in Global Energy and EnvironmentAward-2022.

• Awarded with “Best case study on low carbon and carbon neutral initiatives” Award by CII.

• Awarded with “Effective implementation of ISO 50001, Energy management system” award by CII.

C. FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNING AND OUTGO:

Particulars

(Rs. In Crore)

Foreign Exchange Earnings

6,501.65

Foreign Exchange Outgo

13,075.96:

Managing Director

Executive Director & Group CFO

Date: 17th May, 2023

DIN: 07290474

DIN: 05326463

ANNEXURE – II TO DIRECTORS’ REPORT

DETAILS OF REMUNERATION UNDER SECTION 197(12) OF COMPANIES ACT, 2013 READ WITH RULE 5(1) OF

THE COMPANIES (APPOINTMENT AND REMUNERATION OF MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL) RULES, 2014 FOR

THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2023

a) The ratio of the remuneration of each director to the median remuneration of the employees of the Company for

the financial year:

Sl.

No.

Name of Director

Designation

Ratio of Remuneration of Director to the median

remuneration of Employees*

1

Mr. Ratan Jindal

Chairman and: Managing Director

Not Applicable, Since, Mr. Ratan Jindal had not

drawn any remuneration for the financial year 2022-

23.

2

Mr. Abhyuday Jindal

Managing Director

220:1.2

3

Mr. Tarun Kumar Khulbe

Wholetime Director

54.8:1.2

4

Mr. Anurag Mantri1

Executive Director & Group CFO

66.6:1.2

1. Includes remuneration paid to Mr. Anurag Mantri before his appointment as Executive Director of the Company w.e.f. 23rd January, 2023

b) The percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer, Com-

pany Secretary or Manager, if any, in the financial year:

Sl.

No.

Name

Designation

Percentage increase in remuneration

1

Mr. Ratan Jindal

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure ‘I’ and forms an integral part of this report.:

letter.

1. Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express

an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit. The list of documents for the purpose, as seen by us, is listed in

Annexure II;

2. We have followed the audit practices and the processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are

reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our

opinion;

3. Our Audit examination is restricted only upto legal compliances of the applicable laws to be done by the Company, we have

not checked the practical aspects relating to the same.

4. Wherever our Audit has required our examination of books and records maintained by the Company, we have also relied

upon electronic versions of such books and records, as provided to us through online communication. Considering the

effectiveness of information technology tools in the audit processes, we have conducted physical as well as online verification

and examination of records, as facilitated by the Company, for the purpose of issuing this Report. In doing so, we have

followed the guidance as issued by the Institute.

5. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of accounts of the Company as

well as correctness of the values and figures reported in various disclosures and returns as required to be submitted by the

Company under the specified laws, though we have relied to a certain extent on the information furnished in such returns.

6. Wherever required, we have obtained the management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulation and

happening of events etc.

7. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of

the management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedure on test-check basis.

8. Due to the inherent limitations of an audit including internal, financial, and operating controls, there is an unavoidable risk

that some misstatements or material non-compliances may not be detected, even though the audit is properly planned and

performed in accordance with audit practices.

9. The contents of this Report have to be read in conjunction with and not in isolation of the observations, if any, in the report(s)

furnished/to be furnished by any other auditor(s)/agencies/authorities with respect to the Company.

10. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness

with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.:

Managing Director

Executive Director & Group CFO

Date: 17th May, 2023

DIN: 07290474

DIN: 05326463:

Managing Director

1

0

2

Mr. Tarun Kumar

Khulbe

Member, Wholetime Director

1

1

3

Ms. Bhaswati

Mukherjee

Member, Independent Director

1

1

3. Provide the web-link where Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by the board are

disclosed on the website of the Company: https://www.jindalstainless.com/corporate-governance/

4. Provide the executive summary along with the web-link(s) of Impact assessment of CSR projects carried out in pursu-

ance of sub-rule (3) of rule 8, if applicable: Not Applicable

5. a. Average net profit of the Company as per section 135(5): Rs. 1,563.56Crore

b. Two percent of average net profit of the company as per section 135(5): Rs. 31.27 Crore

c. Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years: Nil

d. Amount required to be set off for the financial year, if any: Rs. 22.99 Crore

e. Total CSR obligation for the financial year (b+c-d) - Rs. 8.28 Crore

6. a. Amount spent on CSR project (both ongoing and other than ongoing): Rs. 11.93 Crore

b. Amount spent in Administrative Overheads: Rs. 0.94 Crore

c. Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable: Nil

d. Total amount spent for the Financial Year (a+b+c) : Rs. 12.87 Crore

e. CSR amount spent or unspent for the financial year:

Total Amount

Spent for the

Financial Year.

(Rs. in Crores)

Amount Unspent (Rs. in Crores)

Total Amount transferred to Unspent

CSR Account as per sub-section 6 of

section 135

Amount transferred to any fund specified under

Schedule VII as per second proviso to sub-section

5 of section 135

Amount

Date of transfer

Name of the Fund

Amount

Date of transfer

12.87

Nil

NA

NA

NA

NA

f. Excess amount for set off, if any:

Sl.

No.

Particular

Amount

(i)

Two percent of average net profit of the company as per sub-section 5 of Section 135

Rs. 31.27 Crore

(ii)

Total amount spent for the Financial Year

Rs. 35.86 crore

(iii)

Excess amount spent for the financial year [(ii)-(i)]

Rs. 4.59 Crore

(iv)

Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial

years, if any

Nil

(v)

Amount available for set off in succeeding financial years [(iii)-(iv)]

Rs. 4.59 Crore:

Managing Director

DIN: 00054026

DIN: 07290474:

Managing Director

Wholetime Director

Mr. Tarun Kumar Khulbe

Executive Director & Group CFO

Mr. Anurag Mantri2

Non-Executive Independent Directors*

Mr. Jayaram Easwaran3

Ms. Bhaswati Mukherjee

Mrs. Arti Luniya3

Dr. Rajeev Uberoi4

Mrs. Shruti Shrivastava4

Non-Executive Director [Nominee Director – State Bank of India]

Mr. Parveen Kumar Malhotra

1

Mr. Ratan Jindal was re-appointed as Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director in any listed entity

Name of the listed entities where the Directors of the Company is a Director as on 31st March, 2023 are mentioned

hereunder:

S.

No.

Name of Director

Number of

Directorship

in other

listed entity

Name of Other Listed entity

Category of Directorship

in other Listed entity

1

Mr. Ratan Jindal

Nil

NA

NA

2

Mr. Abhyuday Jindal

1

•

Shalimar Paints Limited

Non-Executive, Non-

Independent Director

3

Mr. Tarun Kumar Khulbe

Nil

NA

NA

4

Mr. Anurag Mantri

Nil

NA

NA

5

Ms. Bhaswati Mukherjee

3

•

JK Lakshmi Cement Limited

•

Petronet LNG Limited

•

Udaipur Cement Works

Limited

Non-Executive,

Independent Director

6

Mr. Jayaram Easwaran

Nil

NA

NA

7

Mrs. Arti Luniya

Nil

NA

NA

8

Dr. Rajeev Uberoi

3

•

Aurionpro Solutions Limited

•

Shalimar Paints Limited

•

IL&FS Transportation

Networks Limited

Non-Executive

Independent Director

9

Mrs. Shruti Shrivastava

1

•

Nalwa Sons Investment

Limited

Non-Executive

Independent Director

10

Mr. Parveen Kumar Malhotra

Nil

NA

NA

v. Board Meetings, its Committee Meetings and Procedure thereof:

A. Scheduling and selection of agenda items for Board / Committee Meetings

i.

The Board meets at least once in a quarter to review the financial results, performance of the Company and

other items on the agenda. The Board also approves permitted urgent matters by passing the resolutions through

circulation.

ii. The meetings are usually held at the Company’s Gurugram office. The Company in compliance of MCA Circulars

and SEBI Circulars has convened the meeting where facility of VC was provided to the Directors.

iii. All divisions/departments in the Company are encouraged to plan their functions well in advance, particularly with

regard to matters requiring discussion/approval/decision in the Board/Committee meetings. All such matters are

communicated to the Company Secretary in advance so that the same could be included in the agenda for the

Board / Committee meetings.:

Managing Director /: Managing Director /other KMPs

and concerned persons in the senior management, finalizes the agenda papers for the Board / Committee meetings.

B. Distribution of Board Agenda

i.

Agenda papers are circulated to the Directors, in advance, in the defined agenda format. All material information

is incorporated in the agenda papers for facilitating meaningful, informed and focused discussions at the meeting.

Where it is not possible to attach any document to the agenda, the same is placed on the table at the meeting with

specific reference to this effect in the agenda.

ii. With the permission of

Managing Director, Non Independent

Member

Mr. Jayaram Easwaran

Independent Director

Member

Mrs. Arti Luniya

Independent Director

Member:

Managing Director

Member

Mr. Jayaram Easwaran

Independent Director

Member

Mr. Tarun Kumar Khulbe

Wholetime Director

Member

Brief terms of reference:

The terms of reference for the Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee of the Company inter-alia include:

i.

Resolving the grievances of the security holders of the listed entity including complaints related to transfer/transmission

of shares, non-receipt of annual report, issue of new/duplicate certificates, etc.;

ii. Review of measures taken for effective exercise of voting rights by shareholders;

iii. Review of adherence to the service standards adopted by the listed entity in respect of various services being rendered

by the Registrar & Share Transfer Agent;

iv. Review of the various measures and initiatives taken by the listed entity for timely receipt of dividend warrants/annual

reports/statutory notices by the shareholders of the Company.

Meetings:

Four meetings of the Committee were held during the financial year ended 31st March 2023 on 29th April, 2022, 22nd July

2022, 2nd November, 2022 and 23rd January, 2023. Requisite quorum was present during all the meetings.

Mr. Navneet Raghuvanshi, Head Legal & Company Secretary is the Compliance Officer for the requirements of SEBI LODR.

The Company Secretary acts a Secretary of the Committee.:

Managing Director

Chairman

Ms. Bhaswati Mukherjee

Independent Director

Member

Mr. Tarun Kumar Khulbe

Wholetime Director

Member

Meetings:

One meeting of the Committee was held during the period under review on 22nd July, 2022. Requisite quorum was present

during the meeting. The Company Secretary acts as a Secretary to the Committee.

(v) Sub-Committee of Directors

The Board has constituted a Sub-Committee of Directors which has been delegated with certain powers of the Board of

Directors in accordance with the provisions of the Act and the rules framed thereunder. The Committee meets from time to

time on need base to transact the matters of urgency.

Name of Members of the Sub-committee, their category and status as on 31st March, 2023 are given below:

Name of Committee Member

Category

Status

Mr. Abhyuday Jindal: Managing Director, Non- Independent

Managing Director, Non-Independent

Chairman

Mr. Tarun Kumar Khulbe

Wholetime Director, Non-Independent

Member

Mr. Jayaram Easwaran

Independent Director

Member

Mr. Anurag Mantri

Executive Director & Group CFO

Member

Mr. Navneet Raghuvanshi

Head – Legal & Company Secretary

Member

Meetings:

During the financial year 2022-23, two meetings of the Committee were held on 22nd July, 2022 and 16th January, 2023.

Requisite quorum was present during the meetings. The Company Secretary acts as a Secretary to the Committee.

Brief terms of reference:

The terms of reference for Risk Management Committee of the Company inter-alia include:

i.

To formulate a detailed risk management policy which shall include:

•

A framework for identification of internal and external risks specifically faced by the listed entity, in particular

including financial, operational, sectoral, sustainability (particularly, ESG related risks), information, cyber security

risks or any other risk as may be determined by the Committee.

•

Measures for risk mitigation including systems and processes for internal control of identified risks.

•

Business continuity plan.

ii. To ensure that appropriate methodology, processes and systems are in place to monitor and evaluate risks associated

with the business of the Company;

iii. To monitor and oversee implementation of the risk management policy, including evaluating the adequacy of risk

management systems;

iv. To periodically review the risk management policy, at least once in two years, including by considering the changing

industry dynamics and evolving complexity.

v. To keep the Board of Directors informed about the nature and content of its discussions, recommendations and actions

to be taken.:

Managing Director

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

2

months

Mr. Abhyuday

Jindal: Managing Director

600

575

Nil

Nil

1,175

2

months

Mr. Tarun Kumar

Khulbe

Wholetime Director

232.85

Nil

8.71

7.65

249.21

2

months

Mr. Anurag Mantri

Executive Director

& Group CFO

278.40

Nil

11.12

9.66

299.18

2

months

*

Mr. Ratan Jindal,

letter signed with

EY. Internal audit findings are reported directly to the Audit Committee.

3. Disclosures w.r.t. compliances of Regulations 17 to 27 of SEBI LODR

During the financial year 2022-23, the Company has duly complied with all the provisions mentioned under Regulations

17 to 27 of the SEBI LODR.

10. OTHER INFORMATION

a) Risk Management Framework

The Company has in place mechanism to inform Board members about the risk assessment and minimization procedures

and periodically reviews the same.

b) CEO and CFO Certification

The: Managing

letter duly signed by the first /sole holder quoting

details of Folio No.

e) Code of Conduct

The Company has laid down a code of conduct for all Board members and senior management personnel of the Company.

The code of conduct is available on the website of the Company. The declaration of the: Managing

Managing Director

Whole Time Director

Firm Registration

no. 001076N/N500013

Firm Registration

no. 301051E

DIN 07290474

DIN 07302532

Manoj Kumar Gupta

Shyamal Kumar

Anurag Mantri

Navneet Raghuvanshi

Partner

Membership No. 083906

Partner

Membership No. 509325

Executive Director and Chief

Financial Officer

Company Secretary

DIN 05326463

Place : Gurugram

Date : 17 May 2023:

Managing Director

Whole Time Director

Firm Registration no. 001076N/

N500013

Firm Registration no. 301051E

DIN 07290474

DIN 07302532

Manoj Kumar Gupta

Shyamal Kumar

Anurag Mantri

Navneet Raghuvanshi

Partner

Membership No. 083906

Partner

Membership No. 509325

Executive Director and Chief

Financial Officer

Company Secretary

DIN 05326463

Place : Gurugram

Date : 17 May 2023:

Managing Director

Whole Time Director

Firm Registration no. 001076N/

N500013

Firm Registration no. 301051E

DIN 07290474

DIN 07302532

Manoj Kumar Gupta

Shyamal Kumar

Anurag Mantri

Navneet Raghuvanshi

Partner

Membership No. 083906

Partner

Membership No. 509325

Executive Director and

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

DIN 05326463

Place : Gurugram

Date : 17 May 2023:

Managing Director

Whole Time Director

Firm Registration no. 001076N/

N500013

Firm Registration no. 301051E

DIN 07290474

DIN 07302532

Manoj Kumar Gupta

Shyamal Kumar

Anurag Mantri

Navneet Raghuvanshi

Partner

Membership No. 083906

Partner

Membership No. 509325

Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer

DIN 05326463

Company Secretary

Place : Gurugram

Date : 17 May 2023:

letter of comfort given to banks against credit facilities/financial

assistance availed by subsidiaries.

** Lodged with government authorities as security.

@ Considering the fact that Jindal United Steel Limited (JUSL) shall become a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company,

JUSL on a request made by the Company, approved to change the terms of Non-Cumulative Compulsorily Convertible

Preference Shares (“NCCCPS”) held by the Company in JUSL, to make them Non-Cumulative Non-Convertible Redeemable

Preference Shares (“NCNCRPS”) w.e.f. 25 July 2022.:

Director's meeting fees

0.46

0.61

Vehicle upkeep and maintenance

28.93

16.92

Auditor's remuneration *

1.16

1.09

Donation

20.20

0.17

Corporate social responsibility (refer note 51)

12.87

13.40

Net gain on foreign currency transactions/ translation

-68.48

-264.36

Freight & forwarding expenses

474.54

417.26

Commission on sales

37.85

58.69

Other selling expenses

227.97

101.66

Allowance for expected credit losses

0.56

17.24

Bad debts (net off reversal of allowance for expected credit losses of ₹ 2.90 Crores

previous year ₹ 2.69 Crores)

4.49

4.23

Advertisement & publicity

30.76

3.41

Miscellaneous expenses

41.02

58.23

Total

6,920.89

5,616.04

* Payment to auditors (excluding applicable taxes) #

As statutory auditor

0.40

0.58

For other services

0.70

0.47

For reimbursement of expenses

0.06

0.04

Total

1.16

1.09

# including payments made to auditors of acquired entities/undertaking of ₹ 0.14 Crore (previous year ₹ 0.53 Crore) [refer note 33]:

Managing Director

2

Mr. Abhyuday Jindal: Managing

Letter of comfort

175.63

-

-

-

269.67

-

-

-

PT. Jindal Stainless Indonesia

84.86

-

-

-

179.16

-

-

-

Jindal Stainless Steelway Limited

90.77

-

-

-

90.51

-

-

-

25

Personal guarantee received

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Mr. Ratan Jindal

-

-

refer

note 15

& 19

-

-

-

refer

note 15

& 19

-

26

Guarantee/counter guarantee given

20.60

-

-

-

23.33

-

-

-

Jindal Stainless Steelway Limited

19.17

-

-

-

23.33

-

-

-

Jindal Lifestyle Limited

1.43

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

27

Corporate guarantee given

98.61

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

PT. Jindal Stainless Indonesia

98.61

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(All amounts in ₹ Crores, unless otherwise stated):

Managing Director

Whole Time Director

Firm Registration no. 001076N/

N500013

Firm Registration no. 301051E

DIN 07290474

DIN 07302532

Manoj Kumar Gupta

Shyamal Kumar

Anurag Mantri

Navneet Raghuvanshi

Partner

Membership No. 083906

Partner

Membership No. 509325

Executive Director and Chief

Financial Officer

Company Secretary

DIN 05326463

Place : Gurugram

Date : 17 May 2023

This is the summary of significant accounting policies and other

explanatory information referred in our report of even date.:

Managing Director

Whole Time Director

Firm Registration no. 001076N/N500013

Firm Registration no. 301051E

DIN 07290474

DIN 07302532

Manoj Kumar Gupta

Shyamal Kumar

Anurag Mantri

Navneet Raghuvanshi

Partner

Membership No. 083906

Partner

Membership No. 509325

Executive Director and

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

DIN 05326463

Place : Gurugram

Date : 17 May 2023:

Managing Director

Whole Time Director

Firm Registration no. 001076N/N500013

Firm Registration no. 301051E

DIN 07290474

DIN 07302532

Manoj Kumar Gupta

Shyamal Kumar

Anurag Mantri

Navneet Raghuvanshi

Partner

Membership No. 083906

Partner

Membership No. 509325

Executive Director and

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

DIN 05326463

Place : Gurugram

Date : 17 May 2023:

Managing Director

Whole Time Director

Firm Registration no. 001076N/N500013

Firm Registration no. 301051E

DIN 07290474

DIN 07302532

Manoj Kumar Gupta

Shyamal Kumar

Anurag Mantri

Navneet Raghuvanshi

Partner

Partner

Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 083906

Membership No. 509325

DIN 05326463

Place : Gurugram

Date : 17 May 2023:

Managing Director

Whole Time Director

Firm Registration no. 001076N/N500013

Firm Registration no. 301051E

DIN 07290474

DIN 07302532

Manoj Kumar Gupta

Shyamal Kumar

Anurag Mantri

Navneet Raghuvanshi

Partner

Membership No. 083906

Partner

Membership No. 509325

Executive Director and

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

DIN 05326463

Place : Gurugram

Date : 17 May 2023:

letter of comfort/undertaking for non disposing of equity investment in PT. Jindal Stainless Indonesia by the Holding Company.

Refer note 49 for disclosure of fair values in respect of financial liabilities measured at amortised cost and analysis of their

maturity profiles.:

Director's meeting fees

0.52

0.65

Vehicle upkeep and maintenance

30.01

17.62

Donation

20.22

0.19

Corporate social responsibility

2.38

15.02

Net gain on foreign currency transactions/ translation

(70.75)

(260.72)

Freight & forwarding expenses

512.48

452.13

Commission on sales

38.46

58.30

Other selling expenses

236.56

103.58

Allowance for expected credit losses

2.11

18.09

Bad debts (net off reversal of allowance for expected credit losses of ₹ 2.90 Crores

previous year ₹ 2.69 Crores)

5.33

4.26

Advertisement & publicity

34.96

6.44

Miscellaneous expenses

77.39

282.20

Total

7,099.52

5,757.16:

Managing Director

2

Mr. Abhyuday Jindal: Managing

Managing Director

Whole Time Director

Firm Registration no. 001076N/

N500013

Firm Registration no. 301051E

DIN 07290474

DIN 07302532

Manoj Kumar Gupta

Shyamal Kumar

Anurag Mantri

Navneet Raghuvanshi

Partner

Membership No. 083906

Partner

Membership No. 509325

Executive Director and Chief

Financial Officer

Company Secretary

DIN 05326463

Place : Gurugram

Date : 17 May 2023:

Managing Director

Wholetime Director

Executive Director and & Group CFO

Company Secretary

Place: Gurugram

Date: 17th May 2023:

