Dear stakeholders,

The year gone by was yet another

reflection of JK Cement’s intrinsic

strength and resilience to withstand

external challenges. We not

only managed to deliver robust

operational as well as financial

performance, but also remained

steadfast on commitment to deliver

sustainable growth. Amid a sharp

increase in raw material costs and

pricing pressure, we brought our

expanded capacities on stream as

planned, continued to make steady

progress towards realising our

ambitions. In addition, we opened

new windows of opportunities by

foraying into the paints business

through the inorganic route.

We now have a comprehensive

portfolio spanning grey cement,

white cement (WhitemaxX), value

added products like wall putty,

gypsum plaster, tile adhesives and

grouts, wood finishes and paints.

Delivering consistent

value

For FY 2022-23, we delivered

industry-leading volume

growth of 16%, driven by strong

domestic demand especially

from infrastructure and housing

construction sectors. Our revenue

from operations increased

to ₹9,720 crore, up 22% from

FY 2021-22. However, operating

expenses rose 33% y-o-y, primarily

on account of higher energy and

logistics costs, which weighed

significantly on margins. Although

net sales realisations increased

marginally, the full impact of higher

input prices could not be passed

through owing to pricing pressure

on the back of intensifying

competition. We reported EBITDA

of ₹1,320 crore, down 14% while

EBITDA margin came in at 13.9%

versus 19.6% in the year earlier

period. Input prices have started

to ease and are likely to stabilise

going forward, which should start

flowing into the bottom-line from

the second quarter. Our Board of

Directors recommended a dividend

of ₹15 per share, which remains

unchanged from the year earlier.

On the road to

sustainable growth

At JKCL, we have set clearly

defined sustainability targets

across priority areas for 2030.

Those priorities are also

aligned with the United Nations

Sustainable Development Goals

Our commitment to employee growth is

demonstrated by our consistent achievement

of the ‘Great place to work’ recognition for the

fourth consecutive year!

Under-commit

and over-deliver

20

21

J.K. Cement Ltd.

Integrated Report 2022-23

(UN SDGs). We have implemented

an internal carbon price and follow

the recommendations of the Task

Force on Climate-related Financial

Disclosures (TCFD).

The organisation has achieved

~17% decrease in emissions from

base year 2020, with ~44% power

sourced from green sources.

The CDP climate score improved

from ‘D’ in FY 2020-21 to ‘B’ in

FY 2021-22, in the cement category.

Additionally, our Muddapur

facility has received a GreenCo

Platinum Rating, making it India’s

first integrated cement factory to

achieve this.

At JKCL, we are committed to

making a positive impact on society

through various initiatives in areas

like environment, healthcare,

education, vocational training,

and community development.

Our sustainability efforts are

centred around care, sensitivity,

and responsibility towards the

local communities. Through our

Corporate Social Responsibility

initiatives, we have invested ₹26.8

crore, positively impacting 4.8

lakh beneficiaries. Our ‘Sansparsh’

programme aims to promote the

overall development and economic

advancement of the communities in

our operational areas. This initiative

includes various programmes such

as the YPS Education Upliftment

Programme, YPS Health & Sanitation

Mission, YPS Environment

Conservation Plan, YPS Drinking

Water Project, and YPS Cattle Breed

Improvement Project.

Fostering an inclusive

work environment

We place great importance on

diversity, equity, and inclusion.

JKCL prioritises the well-being of

our workforce and strive to enhance

their professional and personal

skills. Our commitment to employee

growth is demonstrated by our

consistent achievement of the ‘Great

place to work’ recognition for the

fourth consecutive year!

We provide rigorous safety training

for our factory workers and

emphasise safe driving practices.

Safety is a paramount concern for us,

and we regularly assess and upgrade

our safety measures to prevent

accidents. We go beyond compliance

with our operation health and safety

(OHS) standards. We also have

measures in place to prevent OHS

emergencies and are prepared to

handle any such situations using the

‘Suraksha’ app, which tracks permits,

incidents, and EHS observations.

We utilise the SAP enterprise

resource planning (ERP) system

to streamline our operations and

exchange information efficiently.

This system enables us to record and

access real-time data on accounting,

procurement, supply chain,

compliance, and other vital aspects

of the business.

All-round growth ahead

As we look ahead, I am confident in

our growth potential. By reducing

reliance on inorganic means, we

are poised to leverage our internal

strengths and optimise our resources

effectively. This approach aligns

perfectly with our track record of

under committing and overachieving,

which has consistently generated

value for our stakeholders.

Lastly, I would like to emphasise

our unwavering commitment to

maintaining an investor-friendly

approach. We greatly value the trust

and support of our shareholders, and

we remain dedicated to delivering

to creating long-term value for all

our stakeholders.

Thank you for your continued

confidence in our Company.

Together, we will forge ahead, setting

new benchmarks and achieving even

greater success.

With best wishes,

Dr. Raghavpat Singhania: Managing

Dear stakeholders,

Growth with purpose has been

the cornerstone of JK Cement’s

journey since inception, and it gives

me immense pleasure to report

you that the year gone by was no

exception. Amid inflation pressures

and intensifying competition,

we delivered industry-leading

double-digit volume growth while

maintaining the trade mix, completed

our expansion projects on schedule,

and stayed on track to our business

and 2030 sustainability targets. This

robust performance speaks volumes

about our core belief of under-

committing and over-achieving.

Aligned with India’s

progress

In a world grappling with geopolitical

tensions, high inflation and moderate

economic growth, India has been

an outlier, recording ~ 7% growth

in FY 2022-23 and continuing to

invest heavily in building economic

and social infrastructure. Buoyed

by strong demand from housing,

infrastructure and industrial

sectors, the Indian cement

industry recorded 12% demand

growth, much above the historical

average of 0.9-1.0x economic

growth. Demand is likely to remain

strong into FY 2023-24 as the

Union government frontloads

expenditure in the run up to the

general elections next year.

Further, India’s per capita cement

consumption at 265 kg, remains

significantly below the global

average of 500 kg, which leaves

significant growth headroom.

We have strategically planned

capacity additions in central

India to expand our reach in the

markets of Uttar Pradesh and

Madhya Pradesh. We successfully

commissioned two greenfield

projects within 18 months – a 2

MTPA integrated plant at Panna and

a 2 MTPA grinding unit at Hamirpur,

achieving capacity utilisation of

60% and operating profit in the

first full quarter of operation. Also

2 MTPA capacity added in various

existing units by debottlenecking,

thereby increasing overall

capacity by 6 MTPA during the

fiscal. With this Company joined

over 20 MTPA capacity club.

Further, the 1.5 MTPA greenfield

expansion at Ujjain and 2 MTPA

capacity addition at Prayagraj

are progressing as per schedule,

which when completed will take our

grey cement capacity to 24 MTPA

by 2025.

Further, we have forayed into

the paints segment by acquiring

Acro Paints. We believe the

acquisition will be immediately

value accretive, without the need to

deploy resources for setting up a

greenfield paint business. We have

earmarked a capex of ₹600 crore,

which not only makes our portfolio

complete but also opens up new

avenues for growth going forward.

Resilient performance

amid inflationary pressures

During FY 2022-23, we recorded

17% volume growth in grey cement

and 8% in white cement, with

blended volumes growing at 16%

y-o-y. Despite higher volumes,

we maintained our Grey Cement

- blended cement mix at 65% and

trade mix at 68%. Though, there was

an average increase in Net sales

realisations per tonne of cement

by 4 – 5 %, margins remained under

pressure due to all round significant

increase in operating costs especially

due to higher petcoke/ coal prices.

Company’s continuous effort to

increase use of alternate fuel has

nullified the impact to some extent.

On account of cost optimisation

initiatives our overall increase in

operating cost has been lower

than competition.

We continued investing extensively

in brand creation, customer targeting

strategies, and demand generation

which is creating a strong retail pull

for our products.

Transitioning to green

energy and net zero

At JKCL, we are committed to

transitioning to green energy,

achieving net zero emissions,

adopting circular economy

practices, enhancing biodiversity,

and promoting sustainable mining,

thereby setting industry benchmarks

in sustainability. Operating in a hard-

to-abate industry, we actively explore

new technologies and alternate fuels,

such as green fuel, to replace fossil

fuels and work towards a net zero

carbon footprint.

We have made significant progress

in reducing carbon emissions as per

SBTi targets, with a 17% decrease,

i.e., 565 kg CO2/t cementitious

material, from the 2020 base year’s

emissions of 680 kg CO2/t. Joining

the ‘Race to Zero’ initiative, we

aim to produce net zero cement

and concrete by 2050 and have

already achieved a 10% reduction

in net Scope 1 carbon emissions.

Increasing our green energy mix

is another priority, with a target of

Passion

to outperform

23

J.K. Cement Ltd.

Integrated Report 2022-23

75% by 2030. We employ various

approaches to reduce thermal energy

consumption and invest in waste heat

recovery systems and renewable

energy systems. Presently, our green

energy mix stands at 44%.

Water consumption is also a key

focus, with a goal to become five

times water positive by 2030

through efficient technologies and

practices from the current four

times. Sustainable mining practices

and biodiversity preservation

are integral to our operations.

Environmental impact assessments

are conducted, and management

plans are developed for mining

operations to ensure compliance with

environmental standards.

As part of our ‘Nature Positive’

2030 plan, we are establishing a

biodiversity park in approximately 50

hectares of mine area in Chittorgarh,

Rajasthan. Our sustainability efforts

have been recognised by the

Confederation of Indian Industry

(CII), with the GreenCo Platinum

(Muddapur) and GreenCo Gold

(Mangrol).

Building a skilled and

engaged workforce

People remain at the core of our

organisation, and we focus on

their development and well-being.

Upskilling and reskilling initiatives

are integral to our efforts, with a goal

to provide 20-man hours of training

per employee by 2030 from the

current 12-man hours of training.

We prioritise the health and safety

of our workforce and aspire to

maintain an injury-free and fatality-

free workplace, both on-site and

off-site. In fostering a talented and

diverse workforce, we aim to increase

women’s representation to 5% by

2030, with notable progress achieved

as we currently stand at 3%.

A future with outsized

opportunities

We are driven by the belief that giving

back to society and preserving the

environment is an integral part of our

Company ethos. We understand that

these efforts add long-term value to

our business while also benefitting

the communities we operate in. As

we continue this journey, we remain

committed to going the extra mile

and achieving even greater heights,

striking a balance between profitability

and sustainability.

India’s inclusive and sustainable

growth story is marked by its

commitment to upliftment and

progress for all its citizens while

ensuring long-term environmental

sustainability. The country has

embarked on a transformative journey,

embracing sustainable development

as a key driver of economic growth and

equitable future. JKCL, as a leading

player in the cement industry is well

placed to contribute to India’s multi-

faceted progress.

I conclude by expressing my sincerest

gratitude to our dealers, distributors,

supply chain partners, associates, our

entire staff, and all our stakeholders

for their unwavering support and

trust in our Company. We extend

our best wishes for a year filled with

good health, safety, and prosperity

for everyone.

With warm regards,

Madhavkrishna Singhania

Deputy: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Mr. Mudit Aggarwal

Non-Executive Independent Director

Mr. Ashok Sinha

Non-Executive Independent Director

Dr. Nidhipati Singhania

Vice Chairman

Dr. K. B. Agarwal (ceased w.e.f. 31.3.2023)

Non-Executive Independent Director

Mr. A.K. Saraogi

Deputy: Managing

managing director,

c-suite members, and the head of environment and sustainability.

Strategic framework -

Dynamic foresight to

retain a competitive edge

Our sustainability framework rests

on four pillars – climate, waste as a

resource, environment, and people

and communities. These pillars

are mapped with our strategic

interventions as well as the UNSDGs.

Our targets and

performance

We have established specific targets

pertaining to our prioritised material

topics. To ensure that the Company

endeavours to meet these targets,

we have implemented a recognition

mechanism and instituted awards

for reaching milestones, allocated

adequate capital expenditure

to enhance capacity, and linked

employee compensation to targets

by setting key result areas (KRAs) that

align with target milestones. Several

KRAs aligned to our targets include:

• Targets applicable to AFR

department on the thermal

substitution rates of the plants to

ensure we are able to reduce our

CO2 emissions.

• KRAs related to disclosure and

ESG ratings made applicable for

the corporate sustainability team.

• Safety incident related KRAs

made applicable for line

managers and plant heads.

• Plantation targets applicable to

the environment team to ensure

reforestation in quarries and in

the vicinities of the plants.

The progress on these targets is

mentioned in the natural capital

and human capital sections of the

integrated report.

which reports to the Board every

quarter. The Board sets the

overarching objectives and guides

the management to accomplish

sustainability targets within the

established framework.

Corporate Sustainability

Council

The council comprises plant and

functional heads and executes

sustainability initiatives across

JK Cement’s operations. It

has a significant role in raising

sustainability awareness throughout

the organisation and oversees

communication, reporting, and

alignment with globally best

practices. The council facilitates

sustainability audits, participates in

environmental and social awards,

and delivers relevant information

and disclosures to stakeholders

and sustainability rating agencies.

The sustainability champions at our

plant locations collaborate with the

council and provide inputs to the

sustainability steering committee.

50

51

J.K. Cement Ltd.

Integrated Report 2022-23

World of

J. K. Cement

Leadership

messages

Value-creation

approach

Capital-wise

performance

Sustainability

Scorecard

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

Notice:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer being

brothers and Dr. Nidhipati Singhania being father.

None of the employee hold (by himself or along with

his spouse and dependent children) more than two

percent of the equity shares of the Company.

The information required pursuant to Section 197(12) read with Rule 5(1) of The Companies (Appointment and

Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 and Companies (Particulars of Employees) Rules, 1975, in

respect of employees of the Company and Directors is furnished hereunder:

S.

No

Requirements

Disclosure

1

The percentage increase in remuneration of CFO and CS in the financial year

CFO- 3.59% CS -1.19%

2

The percentage increase in the median remuneration of employees in the financial year

6.5%

3

The number of permanent employees on the rolls of the Company

Staff- 3475 Workmen- 551

4

Average percentile increase already made in the salaries of employees other than the

managerial personnel in the last financial year and its comparison with the percentile

increase in the managerial remuneration and justification thereof and point out if there

are any exceptional circumstances for increase in the managerial remuneration

12% Last FY

5

Affirmation that the remuneration is as per the remuneration policy of the Company

Yes

6

Median Remuneration of all the employees of the Company (H Lakh)

8.84

7

Ratio of Remuneration of each Director and KMP to the median remuneration of all the

employees of the Company for the year 2022-23

Provided below

Particulars about Key Managerial Personnel including: Managing

Managing Director (KMP)

16,12,62,000

14,33,58,916

12.49%

182:1

2

Mr. Ajay Kumar

Saraogi

Dy: Managing

Managing Director

2.

Mr. Madhavkrishna

Singhania

Dy.: Managing

Managing Director, Dy.: Managing

Managing Director and CFO: Managing

letter of even date which

is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of

this report.

155

World of

J. K. Cement

Leadership

messages

Value-creation

approach

Capital-wise

performance

Sustainability

Scorecard

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

Notice:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of Secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company.

Our Responsibility is to express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure

that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed

provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of accounts of

the Company.

4.

Where ever required, we have obtained the Management Representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the

responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For: Reena Jakhodia & Associates

Company Secretaries

(Reena Jakhodia)

Proprietor

Membership No: F6435

Place: Kanpur

C.P. No.: 6083

Date: 19.05.2023

UDIN: F006435E000336281

156

J.K. Cement Ltd.

Integrated Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

Chairperson, CSR Committee

DIN: 02426556

DIN: 07862942

Place: New Delhi

Date: 27th May, 2023

158

J.K. Cement Ltd.

Integrated Report 2022-23:

Managing Director and CEO’s message in the IAR 2022-23.

8. Details of the highest authority

responsible for implementation and

oversight of the Business Responsibility

policy (ies).

Name: Mr. Madhavkrishna Singhania

Designation: Deputy: Managing

letter, one-to-one meetings, etc. All the complaints raised are

investigated and relevant actions are taken to resolve the issues at the earliest.

4.

Percentage of input material (inputs to total inputs by value) sourced from suppliers.

FY 23

FY 22

Directly sourced from MSMEs/ small producers

8.8%

-

Sourced directly from within the district and neighbouring districts

Not available

Not available

Leadership Indicators

1.

Provide details of actions taken to mitigate any negative social impacts identified in the Social Impact

Assessments (Reference: Question 1 of Essential Indicators above):

We have identified positive impacts on the society as part of Social impact assessment studies that were carried

out while getting Environmental Clearance and our regular interactions with the society.

186

J.K. Cement Ltd.

Integrated Report 2022-23:

Managing Director and Dy. Managing Directors) for

attending Board/Committee meetings, Commission

was paid during the year details of which are given

separately in this report. Further, for the expert

advisory/consultancy services rendered by Mr. Paul

Heinz Hugentobler, Director Consultancy fee has

been paid. No transaction has been made with

Non-Executive Independent Directors vis-à- vis

your Company.

(vi) Other provisions as to Board and Committees

Your Company’s Board plays a pivotal role in ensuring

good governance and functioning of your Company.

The Directors are professionals, have expertise in

their respective functional areas and bring a wide

range of skills and experience to the Board and their

foresight helps in decision making process.

The Board has unfettered and complete access to

any information within your Company. Members

of the Board have complete freedom to express

their views on agenda items and discussions at

Board level are taken after due deliberations and

full transparency. The Board provides direction

and exercises appropriate control to ensure that

your Company is managed in a manner that fulfills

stakeholder’s aspirations and societal expectations.

The matters placed before the Board as required

under Listing Regulations inter alia includes:

A.

Annual operating plans and budgets and any

updates. Acquisitions and divestments.

B.

Capital budgets and any updates.

C.

Quarterly results for the listed entity and its

operating divisions or business segments.

D.

Minutes of meetings of Audit Committee and

other Committees of the Board of Directors.

E.

The information on recruitment and

remuneration of Senior Officers just below

the level of Board of Directors, including

appointment or removal of Chief Financial

Officer, Chief Operating Officers and the

Company Secretary.

F.

Show cause, demand, prosecution notices and

penalty notices, which are materially important.

G.

Fatal or serious accidents, dangerous

occurrences, any material effluent or

pollution problems.

H.

Any material default in financial obligations

to and by the listed entity, or substantial non-

payment for goods sold by the listed entity.

I.

Any issue, which involves possible public or

product liability claims of substantial nature,

including any judgment or order which, may

have passed strictures on the conduct of the

listed entity or taken an adverse view regarding

another enterprise that may have negative

implications on the listed entity.

J.

Details of any joint venture or

collaboration agreement.

K.

Transaction that involves substantial

payment towards goodwill, brand equity, or

intellectual property.

L.

Significant labour problems and their proposed

solutions. Any significant development in

Human Resources/ Industrial Relations front like

signing of wage agreement, implementation of

Voluntary Retirement Scheme etc.

M.

Sale of investments, subsidiaries, assets which

are material in nature and not in normal course

of business.

N.

Quarterly details of foreign exchange exposures

and the steps taken by management to limit

the risks of adverse exchange rate movement,

if material.

O.

Non- compliance of any regulatory, statutory or

listing requirements and shareholders service

such as non-payment of dividend, delay in share

transfer etc.

Board Training and Induction

At the time of appointing an Independent Director, a

formal: letter of appointment is given to him, which inter

alia explains the role, function, duties and responsibilities

expected of him as an Independent

Letter of Appointment setting out in detail,

the terms of appointment, duties, responsibilities and

expected time commitments. Each newly appointed

Independent Director is taken through an induction and

familiarization program including the presentation and

interactive session with the: Managing Director and other

Functional Heads on the Company’s manufacturing,

marketing, finance and other important aspects. The

Company Secretary briefs the Director about their legal

and regulatory responsibilities as a Director. The program

also includes visit to the plant to familiarize them with

all facets of cement manufacturing. On the matters

of specialized nature, the Company engages outside

experts/consultants for presentation and discussion with

the Board members.

The weblink having details of familiarization programs can

be seen here. https://www.jkcement.com/

Meeting, Agenda and Proceeding of Board Meeting

• Agenda: All the meetings are conducted as per well

designed and structured agenda and in line with

the compliance requirement under the Companies

Act, 2013, Rules framed thereunder and applicable

Secretarial Standards prescribed by ICSI. All the

agenda items are backed by necessary supporting

information and documents (except for the critical

price sensitive information, which is circulated

separately or placed at the meeting) to enable the

Board to take informed decisions. Agenda also includes

minutes of the earlier meetings. Additional agenda

items in the form of “Other Business” are included with

the permission of the Chairperson. Agenda papers are

circulated seven days prior to the Meeting. In addition,

for any business exigencies, the resolutions are passed

by circulation and later placed at the subsequent

Board/Committee Meeting for recording in minutes.

• Invitees & Proceedings: Apart from the Board

members, the Company Secretary, the CFO, Chief

Operating Officer are attending all Board Meeting.

Business Heads are invited to attend the Board

Meetings when required. Other senior management

executives are invited as and when necessary, to

provide additional inputs for the items being discussed

by the Board. The CFO briefs on the quarterly and

annual operating & financial performance and on annual

operating & capex budget. The Managing Director,

Dy. Managing Director and CEO, the Dy. Managing

Director and CFO and other senior executives briefs

on capex proposals & progress, operational health

& safety, marketing & cement industry scenario and

other business issues. The

Managing Director (Graduate, Sheffield Hallam

University, United Kingdom)

Dr. Raghavpat Singhania is a seasoned business leader

with rich experience in the grey and white cement

industry. He is also an avid researcher in the area of

new building products and materials. He joined JK

Cement Ltd. in the year 2007 as Special Executive and

received training under industry stalwart Late Yadupati

Singhania. Over the years he has learnt the ropes of the

trade and spearheaded the business transformation

journey of the Company. He has also been instrumental

in charting out the Company’s strategic roadmap,

helping the Organisation to be future-ready. He is

responsible for taking the vision and commitment of

the Company forward by ensuring that its values and

code of ethics are upheld at all times. Being conscious

about the responsibilities owed to society, he believes

that quality education & vocational training for the

youth are an integral part of nation building. Some of the

institutions that are giving shape to this vision include

Yadupati Singhania Vocational Education Foundation, Sir

Padampat Singhania University, LK Singhania Education

Centre, LK Singhania Public School and LA Education

Centre. Dr. Singhania attended the Executive Leadership

Programme at INSEAD, Fontainebleau, and is a graduate

from Sheffield Hallam University, United Kingdom. He

served as a member of the CII Delhi State Council,

President of Rotary & is a trustee of many charitable

trusts. He is also the: Managing Director of JK Cement

Works, (Fujairah) FZC, UAE and JK Maxx Paint Ltd.

Mr. Madhavkrishna Singhania, aged about 34 years,

Dy. Managing Director & CEO, (Bachelor’s degree

in Electrical from Carnegie Mellon University, USA

& Computer Engineering from Ca& Diploma in

Family Business Management from IMD Lausanne,

Switzerland.

Mr. Madhavkrishna Singhania is a technocrat by

qualification and training with rich experience in the

cement industry encompassing various aspects of

business including business strategy, manufacturing

and technology enablement. Having a keen interest in

technology and automation, he has led new capacity

expansion projects that have doubled the grey cement

manufacturing capacity from 7.5 MTPA in 2010 to

around 20 MTPA in 2022. His ambitious expansion plans

have seen the Company’s footprint expand across the

Country. With Mr. Singhania leading the Company’s

many technology and automation initiatives, JK

Cement has won several awards and accolades in the

areas of sustainability, safety, energy efficiency and

green manufacturing. He has also been instrumental in

setting up of the Company’s maiden overseas plant in

Fujairah, UAE, and is the Dy. MD of JK Cement Works

(Fujairah) FZC. He is acting as Independent Director in

the Board of Lohia Corp. Ltd. He has a Bachelor’s degree

in Electrical & Computer Engineering from Carnegie

Mellon University, USA and also holds a Diploma in Family

Business Management from IMD Lausanne, Switzerland.

He is currently the

Managing Director of Meenakshi

Tea Co. Ltd. and Director in various Public Limited and

Private Limited Companies. He was President of All

India Management Association (AIMA) and International

Chamber of Commerce (ICC) India. He served on the

Board of Indian Institute of Management, Kolkata. He

presided over Federation of Indian Chamber of Commerce

and Industry, apex body of ICC India. He is Honorary

Consul General of Greece in Kolkata. He is also associated

with a number of Charitable Institutions.

Mr. Ajay Narayan Jha, Non-Executive Independent

Director, aged 64 years, has superannuated from Indian

Administrative Service in February 2019 (Manipur

Cadre 1982 Batch).

Mr. Ajay Narayan Jha has superannuated from Indian

Administrative Service in February 2019 (Manipur Cadre

1982 Batch). He is MA in History with First Class from

St. Stephen’s College, Delhi University, MA in Economic

Policy Management from McGill University, Montreal,

Quebec, Canada and M.Phil in Public Administration

from Indian Institute of Public Administration, New Delhi.

He held various important positions with Government

of India viz. Member, Fifteenth Finance Commission,

Finance Secretary, Ministry of Finance, Government

of India, Secretary, Ministry of Finance, Department of

Expenditure, Secretary, Ministry of Environment, Forest &

Climate Change to name a few. Earlier he held important

position with Govt. of Manipur also. Besides he undertook

international assignments and has published papers on

elections and environment.

Mr. Mudit Aggarwal, Non-Executive Independent

Director aged about 36 years, possesses degree in

Bachelor of Science (Double Major in electrical and

computer engineering and business administration)

Mudit Aggarwal possesses degree in Bachelor of

Science (Double Major in electrical and computer

engineering and business administration) from Carnegie

Melon University - USA and also holds Diploma from

Indian Institute of Management - Ahmedabad (IIM-A)

on revenue management and dynamic pricing in 2015.

He is a dynamic corporate leader with deep experience

across the manufacturing, retail and hospitality sector.

Mudit’s career reflects a demonstrated track record in

leading successful transformation initiatives and creating

enabling environments within large companies that allow

the creation of new ideas and business lines. He started

his career from Deloitte as a Technical Advisor in the

USA and thereafter moved to India for taking reigns of

overall operations of Mansingh Hotels and Resorts Ltd, a

leading hospitality player with presence in the retail mall

space. He was instrumental to adapt to changing market

conditions and disruptive market forces by Mansingh

Group of Hotels. In 2013, he independently founded MMX

Foods and under his able leadership MMX became one

of India’s best recognized large scale bakery, supplying

large domestic and international players such as Amul,

Reliance, Future Consumer, Big Basket, Metro Cash

& Carry and Vistara. Today, MMX is the Indian market

leader for third party manufacturing in modern trade with

turnover of H15 Crores in 2020-21 under his leadership.

He is acting as Trustee of the Seth Jai Parkash Mukand

Lal, which governs premier 30 educational institutions in

Haryana and UP with student capacity of approx. 22,500.

The object and mission of Mukund Trust is that education

should be made affordable to all sections of the society,

providing ample opportunities and resources for all to

achieve their personal and academic potentials. The Trust

is inculcating free education and assistance to a minimum

of 1000 students per year, provides interest free study

loans, scholarships and to provide healthcare to the

villages around Yamuna Nagar. He is an active member of

the Rotary Club of Delhi and Young Indians (CII)

Dr. K. B. Agarwal aged about 83 years Non-Executive,

Independent Director (Graduate of Law, PhD, ICWA and

CS)

Krishna Behari Agarwal is a Non-Executive, Independent

Director of our Company. He holds Post Graduate Degree

in Commerce, Degree in Law and Ph.D. in Commerce. He is

a Fellow of the Institute of Cost and Works Accountants of

India and Institute of Company Secretaries of India. He is

experienced in the fields of finance, accounts and capital

markets. He has served Merchants’ Chamber of Uttar

Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh Stock Exchange Association

Limited as its President. He has been a member of the

Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry

and the Associated Chambers of Commerce & Industry

of India.

Dr. K. B. Agarwal ceased from directorship with effect from

31.03.2023.

Mr. Paul Heinz Hugentobler aged about 74 years Non-

Executive, Non-Independent Director (Civil Engineer &

Degree in Economic Science)

A Swiss national, he Joined Holcim Group Support

Ltd. as Project Manager in 1980. He graduated in Civil

Engineering from Swiss Federal Institute of Technology,

Zurich and Economic Science from Graduate School of

Economics and Business of St. Gallen. Served as Holcim

Ltd. Area Manager for the Asia Pacific Region. From 1999

to 2000, he also served as CEO of Siam City Cement

196

J.K. Cement Ltd.

Integrated Report 2022-23:

Managing Director & CEO

(additional charge) for 6 months and worked as WTD as

Executive Director from October 2012 to August 2017.

He was on board of India First Life Insurance. He acted

as Independent Director on the Board of Lakshmi Vilas

Bank till November, 2020. Presently he is acting as an

Independent Directors on the Boards of PNB Gilts Ltd. and

Can Fin Homes Ltd. Also he is member of Advisory Board

for banking and financial fraud of CVC.

Mrs. Deepa Gopalan Wadhwa aged about 67 years Non-

Executive, Independent Director

Mrs. Deepa Gopalan Wadhwa has 36 years of Indian

Foreign Service (IFS) career behind her. She joined IFS in

1979 and retired in December, 2015. She has served in the

Ministry of External Affairs, New Delhi, Indian Council for

Cultural Relations and International Labour Organisation.

She has served as Ambassador of India to Japan

(from 2012-2015), Qatar (from 2009-2012) and Sweden

(from 2005-2009). She was concurrently accredited as

Ambassador to Latvia (from Stockholm) and Republic of

the Marshall Islands (from Tokyo). During her career she

has also held other significant assignments in Geneva,

Hong Kong, China and the Netherlands in between 1981

to 1987 and 1989 to 1998 and in the Ministry of External

Affairs from 1987-1989 and 1999-2005. Important

issues and subjects handled by her are India’s relations

and strategic policies concerning Pakistan, China, the

GCC, Japan, EU and the UN. In the context of the UN she

has dealt specifically with issues of global significance

such as Climate Change, Sustainable Development,

Disarmament and Human Rights. In the context of

India’s economic priorities, she has vast experience in

the promotion of Indian interests in the areas of trade,

technology, investment and energy security during her

postings in Europe, the GCC and Japan. Mrs. Wadhwa

is currently co-chair of the India-Japan Partnership

Forum located in FICCI, member Governing Council of

the Institute of China Studies and serves as Independent

Director on the Boards of a few companies.

Mr. Saurabh Chandra aged about 67 years Non-

Executive, Independent Director ( B.Tech from IIT,

Kanpur)

Mr. Saurabh Chandra, a B.Tech from IIT Kanpur (First with

Distinction), retired as Secretary, Ministry of Petroleum

and Natural Gas, Govt. of India and prior there to he

served as Secretary in the DIPP, Ministry of Commerce

and Industry. He served as Public Interest Director and

Chairman of the Governing Board of Multi Commodity

Exchange of India Limited and serving as an Independent

Director on the Boards of SBI Pension Funds Pvt. Ltd.

and Vacmet India Limited. He possess experience in

197

World of

J. K. Cement

Leadership

messages

Value-creation

approach

Capital-wise

performance

Sustainability

Scorecard

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

Notice:

Managing Director for 5 years

from August 2005. He has been conferred with the India

Chief Financial Officer Award 2001 for Information and

Knowledge Management by the Economic Intelligence

Unit (EIU) India and American Express. He received award

from TMG (Technology Media Group) for Customer

Management. Since 2011, he has served on the Boards of

Petronet LNG Ltd., CMC Ltd. (erstwhile subsidiary of Tata

Consultancy Services Ltd.), four subsidiaries of Vodafone

India Ltd., Tata Advanced Systems Ltd., Tata Lockheed

Martin Aerostructures, and Nova Integrated Systems.

Currently, he is serving as Independent Director on the

Board of Cipla Ltd., Tata Communications Limited and The

Tata Power Company Ltd.

Mr. Ashok Kumar Sharma, aged about 71 years

is a Fellow member of the Institute of Chartered

Accountants of India, a Law Graduate, a Commerce

Graduate.

Mr. Ashok Kumar Sharma, is a Fellow member of the

Institute of Chartered Accountants of India, a Law

Graduate, a Commerce Graduate. He has done Forensic

Accounting & Fraud Detection Certificate (FAFD) issued

by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India

(ICAI). He is presently the senior partner at M/s. J. N.

Sharma & Co. Chartered Accountants and has 46 years

of experience in carrying out audits for various large

corporates both in the public sector as well as in the

private sector. He is on the panel of the Quality Review

Board (QRB) and the Financial Reporting Review Board of

ICAI. He extends Consultancy Services in the field of ESG

to large corporates. He served as Director at the Oriental

Bank of Commerce for 5 and half years till the merger with

Punjab National Bank.

Mr. Ashok Kumar Sharma, has been appointed as

Independent Director w.e.f 01.04.2023

• It is confirmed that in the opinion of the Board, all

the Independent Directors are in compliance with

the provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as

amended from time to time and are Independent of

the management.

• During the F.Y. 2022-23 Dr. Krishna Behari Agarwal,

Non-Executive Independent Director ceased to be

Director w.e.f 31.03.2023 due to advanced age and

related health issues and confirmed that there are no

other material reason than this.

198

J.K. Cement Ltd.

Integrated Report 2022-23:

Managing Director & Chief

Financial Officer regularly attends the meetings and

Mr. Shambhu Singh, Company Secretary acts as

Secretary of the Committee. The Statutory Auditors

and Internal Auditors of the Company attend all the

meetings as Special Invitees. All the Members on the

Audit Committee have the requisite qualification for

appointment on the Committee and possess sound

knowledge of finance, accounting practices and

internal controls.

(iv) Meetings and Attendance

During the financial year ended 31st March, 2023,

four meetings were held on (1) 21st May 2022 (2)

13th August 2022 (3) 12th November 2022 (4) 5th

February 2023

The attendance at the Committee Meetings was

as under:

Sl.

No.

Name of Director

No. of Meetings

Attended

1

Mr. Ajay Narayan Jha

4

2

Dr. K.B. Agarwal (till 31.03.2023)

4

3

Mr. Ashok Sinha

4

4

Mr. Saurabh Chandra

4

5

Dr. Nidhipati Singhania

3

202

J.K. Cement Ltd.

Integrated Report 2022-23:

Managing Director, Dy.: Managing

Managing Director and the CFO have certified

to the Board, inter-alia the accuracy of financial

statements and adequacy of Internal Controls for the

financial reporting purpose as required under Listing

Regulations, for the year ended 31.3.2023.

Dates, time and places of last three Annual General

Meetings held are given below:

Financial Year

Date

Time

Place

2019-20 (AGM)

14th August ,

2020

12 Noon

Through video

conferencing/

Other Audio

Visual Means

(OAVM).

2020-21 (AGM)

14th August,

2021

11 AM

Through video

conferencing/

Other Audio

Visual Means

(OAVM).

2021-22 (AGM)

13th August,

2022

11 AM

Through video

conferencing/

Other Audio

Visual Means

(OAVM).

Five special resolutions were passed in the Annual

General Meeting of the Company held on 14th August,

2020. Two special resolutions were passed in the

Annual General Meeting of the Company held on 14th

August, 2021. Two special resolutions were passed

in the Annual General Meeting of the Company

held on 13th August, 2022 There were no matters

required to be dealt/ passed by the Company through

postal ballot, in any of the aforesaid meetings, as

required under the provisions of Section 110 of the

Companies Act, 2013. The Chairman of the Audit

Committee was present at AGMs held on, 14th

August, 2020 14th and August, 2021 and 13th August,

2022 to answer the queries of the shareholders.

Disclosures regarding appointment or

reappointment of Directors

1.

Mrs. Sushila Devi Singhania (DIN 00142549)

According to the provisions of Companies Act,

2013 read with Articles of Association of the

Company one Non-Executive, Non-Independent

Director Mrs. Sushila Devi Singhania will be

retiring by rotation at the ensuing Annual

General Meeting of the Company and being

eligible offers herself for re-election. Also since

she has crossed the age of 75 years, approval of

Members are sought for continuing her to enjoy

the Office of Director of the Company. Given

below is the brief resume of Mrs. Sushila Devi

Singhania pursuant to the listing regulations:

Scion of renowned Jalan family representing

Surajmall Nagarmall group, famous industrial

house. She is having keen interest in industry

and commerce. She is a member of Managing

Committee of Seth Anandram Jaipuria School,

Kanpur, President of Juhari Devi Girls Inter

College, Kanpur and President of Juhari Devi

Girls Post Graduate College, Kanpur. She has

been actively associated with programmes for

welfare and upliftment of economically weaker

sections, children and women and also with

religious activities. She is acting as Director of

M/s. Yadu International Ltd.

2.

Mr. Paul Heinz Hugentobler (DIN 00452691)

will attain the age of 75 (Seventy Five) years on

14th February, 2024, therefore, his continuance

of office after attaining the age of 75 years

would require approval of the Members by way

of Special Resolution at the ensuing annual

207

World of

J. K. Cement

Leadership

messages

Value-creation

approach

Capital-wise

performance

Sustainability

Scorecard

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

Notice:

Managing Director of Bharat Petroleum

Corporation Ltd. (BPCL), which is present

across the entire value chain with activities

covering exploration and production, refining

and marketing oil and gas products. He spent

33 years in BPCL, where he served on the

Board of BPCL for 15 years - first as Director

(Finance) for 10 years from 1996 and then as

its Chairman and: Managing

Letter/Notice of

Confirmation by RTA/Issuer Company.

215

World of

J. K. Cement

Leadership

messages

Value-creation

approach

Capital-wise

performance

Sustainability

Scorecard

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

Notice:

Managing Director

Dy.: Managing

Managing Director and Deputy: Managing

Managing Director and CFO: Managing

Managing Director and CFO: Managing

Managing Director and CFO: Managing

Managing Director and CFO: Managing

Managing Director

ii)

Shri Madhavkrishna Singhania

Dy: Managing

Managing Director)

- Remuneration

1,612.62

1,433.59

iv) Shri Madhavkrishna Singhania (Dy: Managing

Managing Director and CFO)

- Remuneration

913.36

881.72

vi) Shri Shambhu Singh (Company Secretary)

- Remuneration

88.36

87.32

vii) Other Directors

- Commission

126.00

126.00

- Sitting Fees

34.75

45.50

- Paid to other Director Mr. Paul Heinz Hugentobler on professional capacity.

122.55

112.55

(d) Enterprises where significant influence exists

(i) Lala Kamlapat Singhania Education Centre

- School Fees

-

390.00

- Donation

210.00

375.00

- Sale of cement

46.45

-

(ii) J. K. Cement Nimbahera Foundation

- Charity Collected & paid

1,343.94

-

- Donation

1,200.00

400.00

(iii) J. K. Gotan Foundation

- Charity Collected & paid

308.59

326.76

(iv) Kailash Nagar Education Society

- School Fees

72.00

72.00

(v) Yadupati Singhania Vocational Education Foundation

- Donation

200.00

-

(vi) Sir Padampat Singhania University

- Services received and payment made

19.19

-

- Sale of goods

11.12

-

(vii) J K Cement(Western) Ltd

- Reimbursement made

0.36

-

(viii) Jaykaycem (Northern) Ltd

- Reimbursement made

0.35

-

(viii) J K Paints and Pigments Limited (Erstwhile Jaykaycem (Eastern) Ltd)

- Reimbursement made

0.70

-

(e) Trust under common control

(i) J. K. Cement Gratuity Fund

- Contribution made

350.66

234.62

(ii) J. K. Cement Employees Superannuation Fund

- Contribution made

340.92

-

b)

Outstanding as on date

31 March 2023

31 March 2022

Commission Payable to: Managing

Managing Director and CFO: Managing

Managing Director and CFO: Managing

Managing Director and CFO: Managing

Managing Director and CFO: Managing

Managing Director and CFO: Managing

Managing Director

ii)

Shri Madhavkrishna Singhania

Dy: Managing Director and CEO

iii) Smt. Sushila Devi Singhania

Chairperson and Non Executive Non Independent Director

iv) Dr. Nidhipati Singhania

Vice

Managing Director)

-Remuneration

1,612.62

1,433.59

iv) Shri Madhavkrishna Singhania (Dy: Managing

Managing Director & Dy: Managing

Managing Director and CFO: Managing

letter etc. with attested specimen

signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who

are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to

Mrs. Reena Jakhodia at email id: rjkanpur@gmail.com

with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in/shambhu.

singh@jkcement.com. Institutional shareholders (i.e.

other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload

their Board Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority: Letter etc. by clicking on “Upload Board Resolution

/ Authority Letter” displayed under “e-Voting” tab in

their login.

2.

It is strongly recommended not to share your

password with any other person and take utmost

care to keep your password confidential. Login

to the e-voting website will be disabled upon

five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct

password. In such an event, you will need to go

through the “Forgot User Details/Password” or

“Physical User Reset Password” option available on

www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

3.

In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently

Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and

e-voting user manual for Shareholders available at

the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or

call on toll free no.: 1800 1020 990 and 1800 22 44

30 or send a request to Mr. Sunil Kumble at evoting@

nsdl.co.in

Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not

registered with the depositories for procuring user id

and password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting

for the resolutions set out in this notice:

1.

In case shares are held in physical mode please

provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned

copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN

(self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR

(self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email

to Shambhu.singh@jkcement.com or Secretary.

yaduestates@jkcement.com

2.

In case shares are held in demat mode, please

provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit

beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy of

Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self attested

scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self attested

scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to Shambhu.singh@

jkcement.com or Secretary. yaduestates@jkcement.

com. If you are an Individual shareholders holding

securities in demat mode, you are requested to refer

to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login

386

J.K. Cement Ltd.

Integrated Report 2022-23

Managing Director of Bharat

Petroleum Corporation Ltd. (BPCL), which is present

across the entire value chain with activities covering

exploration and production, refining and marketing oil

and gas products. He spent 33 years in BPCL, where

he served on the Board of BPCL for 15 years - first as

Director (Finance) for 10 years from 1996 and then as its

Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director (KMP)

Madhavkrishna Singhania – Dy.: Managing

