Managing Director’s review

14 How we have strengthened the

financial competitiveness of our

business

16 How trust building has

enhanced value for all our

stakeholders in an integrated

way

20 Business drivers

30 Board of Directors profile

32 Our business verticals

38 Strengthening community

engagement at Navin Fluorine

Statutory Reports

41 Notice of AGM

66 Directors’ Report

75 Management Discussion and

Analysis Report

83 Coporate Governance Report

99 Business Responsibility and

Sustainability Report

Financial Section

155 Standalone Financial

Statements

224 Consolidated Financial

Statements:

Managing Director

Mr. Niraj B. Mankad

Mr. Anish P. Ganatra

(w.e.f. February 9, 2023)

Vigil Juris

AXIS Bank Limited

Bank of Baroda

Citibank NA

HDFC Bank Limited

HSBC Limited

Price Waterhouse Chartered

Accountants LLP

Navin Fluorine, Surat 395023

(Gujarat)

Navin Fluorine, Dahej, District

Bharuch 392130 (Gujarat)

Navin Fluorine, Dewas 455022

(Madhya Pradesh)

Office No. 602, 6th floor, Natraj by

Rustomjee, Near Western Express

Highway, 194, Sir Mathuradas

Vasanji Road, Andheri (East),

Mumbai 400069, India

Tel.: +91 22 6650 9999;

Fax: +91 22 6650 9800;

E-mail: info@nfil.in;

Website: www.nfil.in

KFin Technologies Limited

(formerly known as KFin

Technologies Private Limited)

Selenium Building, Tower B, Plot

No. 31 & 32, Gachibowli,

Financial District, Nanakramguda,

Hyderabad 500032

Tel.: +91 40 67162222-24

Telefax: +91 40 - 23001153

E-mail ID: einward.ris@kfintech.com

Website: https://www.kfintech.com

On Monday, July 31, 2023 at

3.00 pm IST through video

conferencing/other audio visual

means

Board of Directors

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

Solicitors

Bankers

Statutory Auditors

Manufacturing Units

Registered Office

Registrar & Share

Transfer Agent

25th Annual

General Meeting

01

Corporate

Overview

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Section:

Managing Director) and

a team of experienced

professionals.

• Prominent manufacturer

of fluorinated specialty

chemicals

• The first and only

producer of hydrofluoro-

olefins in India

• One of the world’s

largest BF3 gas

manufacturers

• Large Indian

manufacturer of

inorganic fluorides

• Advanced CDMO

services provider in the

fluorination segment

Headquartered in Mumbai

(India), the Company

operates manufacturing

units - in Surat (Gujarat)

and Dewas (Madhya

Pradesh) and one

manufacturing unit of

Navin Fluorine Advanced

Sciences Limited in Dahej

(Gujarat). These units

are proximate to ports,

making it convenient to

import raw materials and

export finished products.

The Group also operates

a manufacturing unit

in Manchester (United

Kingdom).

Navin Fluorine has

emerged as a pure-play

fluorination company,

strengthening its

personality and recall.

The Group enjoys an

extensive presence

across three

fluorine-based verticals

backed by timely

investments in R&D,

assets and advanced

technologies.

Navin Fluorine addresses

the growing needs of

marquee global clients,

comprising key global

life science and crop

science innovators,

leading petrochemical

players, stainless steel

manufacturers, air-

conditioner OEMs and

other downstream

fluorochemical users.

The Group’s prominent

Mafron brand evokes

the trust of refrigerant

gas OEMs and

aftermarket customers.

Besides, the Navin

Fluorine corporate

brand stands for

integrity, ESG standards

and a commitment

to enhance value for

all stakeholders in a

sustainable way.

Our manufacturing

units in Surat, Dewas

and Dahej are certified

for ISO 45000-1, ISO

14000-1 and ISO 9000-

1. Navin Fluorine is also

a registered user of the

prestigious Responsible

Care logo.

The Group is a

fluorination leader,

possessing more than

half a century’s rich

experience in complex

fluorine chemistries.

The Group is also a

trustworthy supplier of

specialty chemicals,

refrigerants, inorganic

chemicals and

Contract Research and

Development Services,

marked by growing

customer relationships.

Our pedigree

Our products

Our footprint

Our positioning

Our clients

Our brand

Our certifications

Our strengths

05

Corporate

Overview

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Section:

Managing Director’s review

12 I Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

13

Corporate

Overview

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Section:

letter

‘E’, encompasses our energy

consumption, waste management,

resource utilisation and impact on

living beings. Besides, it includes

aspects related to carbon emissions

and actions towards addressing

climate change.

Navin Fluorine is committed to

environmental conservation, and

completed the EcoVadis sustainability

assessment, which focuses on 21

sustainability criteria grouped into

four themes: Environment, Labor &

Human Rights, Ethics and Sustainable

Procurement.

Effective control systems: Navin

Fluorine is committed to invest

in environmental management

systems. The Company conducts

environmental due diligence,

environmental assessment

emergency response and mitigating

measures. The Company established

a strategic framework, comprising

periodic monitoring, investment in

advanced processes and ensuring

a complete compliance with audit

findings and regulatory needs.

Reducing greenhouse gas

emissions: Navin Fluorine established

a process to optimise energy

consumption and the emission of

greenhouse gases through cleaner

processes and fuels.

Compliance: Navin Fluorine’s audit

and compliance commitment

ensured that performance and

processes remained trustable; the

Company extended beyond the

compliance threshold stipulated

by the applicable regulatory

requirements & conditions.

Audit: Navin Fluorine is committed

to the highest safety and quality

standards, benchmarked with

independent evaluations conducted

by Indian Chemical Council,

a customer review and ISO

certification body. The Navin Fluorine

manufacturing sites are certified for

ISO 45000-1, ISO 14000-1 and ISO

9000-1 and awarded Responsible

Care Logo.

Our environment conservation initiatives, FY 2022-23

Navin Fluorine prioritised

environment initiatives through

reduction, replacement and

recycling.

Reduce: Navin Fluorine has access to

Renewable Energy (RE) in one of its

manufacturing sites and is in process

to implement renewable energy in its

other plants as well. Navin Fluorine’s

manufacturing unit recycled

508-million-liters treated wastewater

from the sewage wastewater

treatment plant, reducing fresh

water consumption. Navin Fluorine

installed Thermal Oxidizer to reduce

the overall GWP for environment

protection

Zero Liquid Discharge (ZLD): Navin

Fluorine’s Dewas unit’s zero liquid

discharge facility utilises treated

wastewater for utility and onsite

gardening.

Restore: The Dewas unit participated

in Green Mahotsav by the Madhya

Pradesh State Environment Ministry,

for creating a green belt and

executed a tree plantation drive.

Reduce: The Company is supplying

some of its finished products in

bulk containers, eliminating the

generation of packaging waste.

27

Corporate

Overview

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Section:

letter ‘S’, encompasses the

relationships our Company enjoys

with stakeholders like employees,

customers, suppliers, investors,

regulators and the communities in

which we operate. This is manifested

in positive industrial relations,

employee diversity and inclusion.

At Navin Fluorine, we promote

well-being through Corporate

Social Responsibility (CSR) initiatives,

addressing under-addressed areas

that enhance social responsibility and

environment sustainability.

Workforce: At Navin Fluorine, we

are committed to outperform in the

areas of quality (product and process)

and resource efficiency, translating

into competitive costs. The Company

made strategic investments in its

workforce, including recruitment,

retention and training, to improve

efficiency and effectiveness. The

Company implemented training

programmes, protocols, certifications

and awareness-raising initiatives.

Customers and vendors: The Group

strengthened engagements with

vendors, in addition to customers.

Due to the complex nature of

resources being used, the Company

focused its collaboration with

prominent vendors.

Community: The Company

sustained stable engagements

with communities surrounding its

manufacturing sites, promoting

prosperity through interventions

aligned with Sustainable

Development Goals outlined by the

United Nations.

28 I Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director are separated

and are made distinct within the

organisational structure.

• The Company continues to have

policies and processes to address

investor complaints and concerns.

• The Company did not default with

regard to repayments, creditors,

dividends and statutory obligations.

• The Company did not receive

adverse auditor comments or

qualifications

• The Company did not revise

previously issued financial

statements.

• The Company did not receive

accusations or complaints related to

financial management.

• The Company’s shareholders

approved all proposals made by the

Board of Directors.

• The Company practices a strict

evaluation policy of Board members,

who comprised distinguished

members.

• 9 of 12 Directors are Independent;

all committee chairmen, except for

the Risk Management Committee,

were Independent Directors.

• There are two women Directors on

the Board.

• As on March 31, 2023, the

Nomination and Remuneration

Committee comprised three

independent members and one non-

executive-non-Independent member,

the Audit Committee has three

independent members and one non-

executive-non-Independent member,

the Stakeholders Relationship

Committee has three independent

members and the Corporate Social

Responsibility Committee has two

independent members and one

executive member

• The Company conducted internal

audits through an independent firm

that reported directly to the Audit

Committee.

• The Company implemented two

Employees’ Stock Option Schemes:

Employees’ Stock Option Scheme –

2007 and Employees’ Stock Option

Scheme – 2017.

29

Corporate

Overview

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Section:

Managing Director. He holds

a degree in Commerce and is a member of the

Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.

Mr. Pradip N. Kapadia

Mr. Sunil S. Lalbhai

Mr. Kapadia is a senior partner in Vigil Juris,

advocates and solicitors in Mumbai, and has

over 46 years of experience in the legal field. He

serves on the Board of several other companies.

He holds a B.A. and LLB degree and is qualified

as an advocate and solicitor.

Mr. Lalbhai is an experienced industrialist with

over 33 years of experience in chemicals and

general management. He holds a science

degree, an M.S in chemistry from the USA, and

an M.S in Economic Planning & Policy from

Boston University in the USA.

Mr. Engineer is an experienced professional with

over 44 years in the banking sector. He retired

as executive director of wholesale banking at

HDFC Bank Ltd. He holds a Bachelor’s degree

in Science, and also a diploma in Business

Management from Hazarimal Somani College,

Mumbai.

30 I Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director for 5 years,

starting in August 2005. His areas of expertise

include finance and accounting, sales, marketing,

commercial, manufacturing, quality, supply

chain, mergers and acquisitions, and business

development. He holds a BTech in Electrical

Engineering from IIT Kanpur and a postgraduate

diploma in management from IIM Bangalore,

with specialisation in finance.

Mr. Welling is an experienced professional with

26 years of experience in various functions

such as innovation, sales & marketing,

corporate strategy, and manufacturing, across

multiple geographies. He holds a degree

in Mechanical Engineering from National

Institute of Technology, India, and a Master’s in

International Business from IIFT, New Delhi. He

also completed his MBA from IMD, Lausanne,

Switzerland.

Mr. Sujal A. Shah

Mr. Shah has an extensive experience of over

30 years in the areas of valuation, due diligence,

corporate restructuring, audit, and advisory. He

holds a degree in Commerce and is a member of

the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.

Mr. Atul K. Srivastava

Mr. Srivastava is an experienced professional with

over 46 years of experience in large corporates,

with expertise in finance, accounting, taxation,

and commerce. He holds a Science degree and

is a Fellow Chartered Accountant B.Sc.(Hons),

FCA.

31

Corporate

Overview

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Section:

Managing Director of the Company and in this

regard, to consider and if thought fit, pass the following

Resolution as a SPECIAL RESOLUTION:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections

149, 152, 196, 197, 203 and other applicable provisions,

if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the rules

made thereunder (‘the Act’), Schedule V of the Act,

SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 and Articles of Association of the

Company, as amended from time to time, consent

of the Members be and is hereby accorded to the re-

appointment of Mr. Radhesh R. Welling (DIN: 07279004)

as the: Managing

letter or circular (‘Offering Circular’) as may be

deemed appropriate, in the sole discretion by the Board

in such manner and on terms and conditions, including

the terms of the issuance, security, fixing of record date,

and at such price, whether at prevailing market price(s)

or at a premium or discount to market price as may

be permitted under applicable law and/or as may be

permitted by Appropriate Authorities with authority to

retain oversubscription up to such percentage as may be

permitted under applicable regulations, in such manner

and on such terms as may be deemed appropriate

by the Board at its absolute discretion (the ‘Issue’) at

the time of such issue and allotment considering the

prevailing market conditions and other relevant factors

in consultation with the book running lead manager(s)

and/ or underwriter(s) and/ or other advisor(s) to be

appointed by the Company for such issue and without

requiring any further approval or consent from the

shareholders.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT:

(a) the Securities proposed to be issued, offered and

allotted shall be fully paid up and in dematerialized

form and shall be subject to the provisions of the

Memorandum and Articles of Association of the

Company, the Companies Act and other applicable

laws;

(b) the Equity Shares that may be issued by the Company

shall rank pari passu with the existing Equity Shares

of the Company in all respects including entitlement

to dividend and voting rights, if any, from the date

of allotment thereof and the same be subject to

the requirements of all applicable laws and shall be

subject to the provisions of the Memorandum and

Articles of Association of the Company; and

(c) the number and/or price of the Equity Shares to

be issued on conversion of Securities convertible

into Equity Shares shall be appropriately adjusted

for corporate actions such as bonus issue, rights

issue, stock split, merger, demerger, transfer of

undertaking, sale of division, reclassification of

equity shares into other securities, issue of equity

shares by way of capitalization of profits or reserves

or any such capital or corporate re-organisation or

restructuring;

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in the event the proposed

issuance of Securities is undertaken by way of a QIP in

terms of Chapter VI of the ICDR Regulations :

(a) the allotment of Securities shall only be made to

qualified institutional buyers as defined in the SEBI

ICDR Regulations (‘QIBs’);

(b) the allotment of the Equity Shares, or any

combination of Securities, as may be decided by

the Board, shall be completed within 365 days from

the date of passing of this special resolution or

such other time as may be allowed under the ICDR

Regulations, Companies Act, and/or applicable

laws;

(c) the Securities shall not be eligible to be sold by the

allottee for a period of 365 days from the date of

allotment, except on a recognized stock exchange,

or except as may be permitted from time to time

under the ICDR Regulations;

(d) in the event that convertible securities and/or

warrants which are convertible into Equity Shares

of the Company are issued along with non-

convertible debentures to QIBs under Chapter VI

of the ICDR Regulations, the relevant date for the

purpose of pricing of such securities, shall be the

date of the meeting in which the Board or a duly

authorized committee thereof decides to open the

issue of such convertible securities and/or warrants

or any other date in accordance with applicable

law, and at such price being not less than the price

determined in accordance with the pricing formula

provided under Chapter VI of the ICDR Regulations;

(e) the relevant date for the purpose of pricing of the

Securities shall be the date of the meeting in which

the Board decides to open the QIP or any other

date in accordance with applicable law, and at such

price being not less than the price determined in

accordance with the pricing formula provided

under Chapter VI of the ICDR Regulations;

(f) the Board may, in accordance with applicable law,

also offer a discount of not more than 5% or such

percentage as permitted under applicable law on

the price calculated in accordance with the pricing

formula provided under the ICDR Regulations;:

Letter’ displayed under ‘e-Voting’

tab in their login.

6. Explanatory Statement setting out material facts

concerning the business in respect of Item Nos. 4 to 9

mentioned in the above Notice is annexed hereto.

7.

Brief profile of the Directors seeking re-appointment

as per Regulation 36(3) of SEBI Listing Regulations

and Secretarial Standard - 2 issued by the Institute of

Company Secretaries of India and duly notified by the

Central Government are annexed hereto.

8. The final dividend of H7/- per equity share as

recommended by the Board of Directors for the

Financial Year 2022-2023, if declared by the Members

of the Company at this AGM, will be paid on or after

August 4, 2023.

9.

Friday, July 7, 2023 is fixed as the Record Date for

determining the eligibility of Members entitled for the

payment of final dividend for the Financial Year 2022-

2023, if declared.

10. Pursuant to the Income-tax Act, 1961, as amended by

the Finance Act, 2020, dividend income will be taxable

in the hands of Members and the Company is required

NOTES::

letter, duly signed

relevant ISR forms available at the web-link at https://

www.nfil.in/investor/downloads.html and https://

ris.kfintech.com/default.aspx along with documents

mentioned therein, to KFin Technologies Limited

(‘KFinTech’) (formerly known as KFin Technologies

Private Limited), Selenium Building, Tower B,

Plot No. 31 & 32, Gachibowli, Financial District,

Nanakramguda, Hyderabad 500032, India.

Members holding shares in physical form may note

that if their bank account and other requisite details

are not updated with KFinTech by September 30,

2023, their folios shall be frozen and dealt with

in accordance with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/

MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2023/37 dated March

16, 2023 which is available on the Company’s

website at https://www.nfil.in/investor/downloads.

html.

12. Members are requested to note that pursuant to Section

125(1)(c) of the Act, dividend remaining unclaimed /

unpaid for a period of 7 years from the date it becomes

due for payment shall be credited to the Investor

Education and Protection Fund (‘IEPF’) set up by

the Central Government. The Company has already

transferred the unclaimed / unpaid dividend declared

during the financial year 2015-2016 to the said fund.

Members who have so far not claimed the dividends

paid thereafter are requested to make claim with the

Company / KFinTech immediately.

13. Pursuant to Section 124(6) of the Act read with the

Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority

(Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016,

as amended from time to time, all equity shares of

the Company on which dividend has not been paid

or claimed for 7 consecutive years or more shall be

transferred by the Company to IEPF. The Company has

written to the concerned Members intimating them

particulars of their equity shares due for transfer. These

details are also available on the Company’s website at

https://www.nfil.in/investor/unpaid.html Upon transfer,

the Members will be able to claim these equity shares

only from the IEPF Authority by making an online

application in Web Form IEPF-5, the details of which are

available on IEPF Authority’s website www.iepf.gov.in.

14. As per SEBI Circular dated January 25, 2022,: Letter of

Confirmation (LOC) has to be issued to Members for

various Investors Service Requests in case of physical

holdings. The LOC will be valid for 120 days from

the date of its issue, within which the Member shall

make a request to his/her DPs for dematerializing the

underlying securities. In case the Member fails to submit

the LOC within the aforesaid period, the shares shall be

transferred to the Suspense Escrow Demat Account

of the Company. The methodology for claiming these

shares back from the Suspense Escrow Demat Account

shall be in accordance with SEBI guidelines dated

December 30, 2022.

15. Members seeking to inspect the Registers required to be

maintained under the Act and all documents referred to

in the Notice and Explanatory Statement can send an

email to investor.relations@nfil.in.

16. Members who have not registered their e-mail addresses

so far, are requested to register the same with KFinTech

in case of physical holding and with the Depository

through their DPs in respect of electronic holding.

17. Attention of the Members holding shares in physical

form is drawn to SEBI circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/

MIRSD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2023/37 dated March 16, 2023

which mandates furnishing self-attested copy of

Permanent Account Number (PAN), postal address,

mobile number, bank account details, specimen

signature and nomination/declaration to opt-out from

nomination by submitting the specified forms to the

Company/KFinTech. The said Circular is available on

Company’s website at www.nfil.in/investor/downloads.

html along with relevant documents. The folios wherein

any one of the cited document / details are not available

on or after October 1, 2023, shall be frozen by the RTA

(i.e. KFinTech) and dealt with in the manner specified in

the Circular.

18. Members holding shares in physical form are requested

to consider dematerializing their holding as share

transfers cannot be effected in physical form with

effect from April 1, 2019 pursuant to SEBI norms.

Further, other service requests like, (i) issue of duplicate

securities certificate, (ii) claim from unclaimed suspense

account; (iii) renewal/exchange of securities certificate;

(iv) endorsement; (v) sub-division / splitting of securities

certificate; (vi) consolidation of securities certificates/

folios; (vii) transmission and viii) transposition, will also

be processed in electronic form only as per SEBI circular

No.SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8

Letter" displayed under

"e-Voting" tab in their login.

vii. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently

Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and

e-voting user manual for Shareholders available at

the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or

call on + 91 22 48867000 or send a request to Mr.

Sanjeev Yadav at evoting@nsdl.co.in.

viii. As per the SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020

on e-voting facility provided by Listed Companies,

individual shareholders holding securities in Demat

mode are allowed to vote through their demat

account maintained with Depositories and DPs.

Shareholders are advised to update their mobile

number and E-mail ID in their demat accounts in

order to access e-voting facility.

ix. The details of the process and manner for remote

e-voting, attending AGM and e-voting at the AGM

are explained below:

Step 1: Access to the NSDL e-voting system

Step 2: Cast your vote electronically on NSDL

e-voting system (including procedure for attending

AGM through VC/OAVM):

Managing Director of the Company:

At the 21st Annual General Meeting held on June 21, 2019,

the Members of the Company appointed Mr. Radhesh R.

Welling as Director and: Managing

Managing Director has been granted Employee Stock

Options at Face Value of H2/- each, and perquisite value of

these Employee Stock Options when exercised will form

part of the remuneration of the: Managing Director, which

may increase his remuneration beyond 5% envisaged under

Section 197 of the Act. Hence, based on the recommendation

of Nomination and Remuneration Committee and Board, it

is proposed to increase the said limit of 5% to not exceeding

7% by passing this Special Resolution as is permissible under

Section 197 of the Act.

The Company has received notices in writing from Members

under Section 160 of the Act proposing the candidature

of Mr. Welling for the office of Director of the Company.

Mr. Welling has consented for his re-appointment and

confirmed that he is eligible and does not suffer from any

disqualifications for his re-appointment as Director and

Managing Director. He has not been debarred from holding

the office of Director by virtue of any SEBI order or any other

such Authority. As per Schedule V of the Act, the Company

has not committed any default in payment of dues to any

bank or public financial institution or any other secured

creditor.

Considering the qualifications, knowledge and experience

of Mr. Welling in the field in which the Company operates,

the re-appointment of Mr. Welling as the Managing Director

will be in the interest of the Company.

A copy of the Letter of Re-appointment dated May 13, 2023

of Mr. Welling as referred to in the said Resolution, which

is subject to approval of the Members of the Company, is

available for inspection by the Members. Members seeking

to inspect the same can send an email to investor.relations@

nfil.in. Accordingly, the Board of Directors recommends

passing of the Special Resolution at Item No. 4 of the Notice.

None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and / or

their relatives, except Mr. Radhesh R. Welling, are in any way

concerned or interested in the Resolution.

Item No. 5

Increase

in

the

Maximum

Limit

of

Managerial

Remuneration:

As per the provisions of Section 197 of the Companies Act,

2013 read with the rules made thereunder (‘the Act’) and

Schedule V of the Act, the total managerial remuneration

payable by the Company to its Directors, including

Managing Director, Whole-Time Director and Manager, if

any, in respect of any financial year may exceed 11% of the

net profits of the Company, provided the same is approved

by the members of the Company. Further, with the approval

of the Company in general meeting, by a Special Resolution,

the remuneration payable to any one Managing Director; or

Whole-Time Director or Manager may exceed 5% of the net

profits of the company and if there is more than one such

Director, remuneration may exceed 10% of the net profits to

all such Directors and manager taken together if the same

is approved by the members of the Company by passing a

Special Resolution.

Over the years, the Company has been paying Managerial

Remuneration within the limits of 10% as prescribed in

Section 197 of the Act. The Managing Director has been

granted Employee Stock Options at Face Value of H2/- each,

and perquisite value of these Employee Stock Options

when exercised will form part of the remuneration of the

Managing Director, which may increase his remuneration

beyond 5% envisaged under Section 197 of the Act,

leading to consequential increase in overall percentage

of the remuneration payable to all Executive Directors

of the Company beyond 10% prescribed under Section

197 of the Act and consequently, the total managerial

remuneration payable to all the Directors may exceed 11%

prescribed under Section 197 of the Act. Hence, based on

the recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration

Committee and Board, it is proposed to increase the said

limits by passing this Special Resolution as is permissible

under Section 197 of the Act.

Accordingly, it is proposed to pass the Special Resolution

to: (i) increase the overall percentage of the remuneration

payable to all Executive Directors of the Company, over and

above the maximum limit as specified under the Act, from

existing 10% to 12% of the net profits of the Company, with

effect from December 11, 2023 and (ii) increase the overall

maximum managerial remuneration payable to all Directors

(including Managing Director and Whole-time Director and

Manager) beyond specified limits as prescribed under the

Act, from 11% to 13% of the net profits of the Company, with

effect from December 11, 2023.

This is an enabling resolution and does not purport to

increase the present limit of 1% prescribed in Section 197(1)

for the remuneration payable to the Non-Executive Directors

and 5% prescribed in Section 197(1) for the remuneration

payable to Mr. Vishad P. Mafatlal, Executive

Letter

of Re-appointment of Mr. Srivastava dated May 13, 2023 is

available for inspection by the Members, which is subject to

approval of Members. Members seeking to inspect the same

can send an email to investor.relations@nfil.in.

Considering the qualifications, knowledge and experience

of Mr. Srivastava, his continuance on the Board of the

Company will be in the interest of the Company. Accordingly,

the Board of Directors recommends passing of the Special

Resolution at Item No. 6 of the Notice.

None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and / or

their relatives, except Mr. Srivastava and his relative are in any

way concerned or interested in the Resolution.

Item No. 7

Giving loans, guarantees, providing securities or making

investments in excess of limits prescribed under Section

186 of the Companies Act, 2013:

As per the provisions of Section 186(2) of the Companies

Act, 2013, the Company can invest in the securities of

other bodies corporate, give loans, guarantees and provide

securities for any loan facility to any person or other bodies

corporates, to the extent of 60% of its paid-up share capital,

free reserves and securities premium account or 100% of its

free reserves and securities premium account, whichever is

more, with the approval of the Board of Directors. However,

if the aggregate of such investments made, loans, guarantees

given and securities provided exceeds the aforesaid limits,

prior approval of the shareholders is required by way of a

Special Resolution.

The amount of loans, guarantees or securities provided by

the Company to its Wholly Owned Subsidiary (‘WOS’) and

investments made by the Company in its WOS are exempt

from the requirements of prior approval of the shareholders

pursuant to the first proviso of Section 186(3) of the Act.

However, such loans, guarantees, securities or investments

are to be included for computing overall permissible limits

under Section 186(2) of the Act.

The shareholders of the Company at their 24th Annual

General Meeting held on July 27, 2022 passed Special

Resolution approving giving of loans, guarantees, providing

securities and making investments upto 100 Cr. in excess

of the limit prescribed under Section 186 of the Companies

Act, 2013.

As on March 31, 2023, the Company’s paid-up share capital

was H9.91 crores; free reserves were H1,953 crores; and

Securities premium account was H27 crores.

Considering the above figures, the limit available to the

Company under Section 186 of the Act is aggregate of the

Company’s free reserves and securities premium account,

which is H1,980 Cr. Further, at the 24th Annual General

Meeting of the Company held on July 27, 2022, a limit of

H100 Cr. over and above the limits under Section 186 of:

letter and eligibility certificate

and upon recommendation of the Audit Committee, the

Board of Directors of the Company has approved the

appointment of B. Desai & Co. (Firm Registration No.:

005431), Cost Accountants, as the Cost Auditor of the

Company for conducting the Cost Audit of the cost records

of Chemical Products manufactured in the Financial Year

from April 1, 2023 to March 31, 2024 on a remuneration of

H5,00,000/- (INR Five Lakhs Only) and the reimbursement

of out-of-pocket expenses incurred for the purpose of Cost

Audit and applicable taxes, subject to approval of such

remuneration by the Members of the Company.

Pursuant to Section 148(3) read with Rule 14 of the Companies

(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, the remuneration of the Cost

Auditor shall be ratified by the Members of the Company.

Accordingly, the Board of Directors recommends passing of

the Ordinary Resolution at Item No. 8 of the Notice.

None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the

Company and/or their relatives are in any way deemed to

be concerned or interested in this Resolution.

Item No. 9

Approval for fund raising:

The Company anticipates growth opportunities in its existing

operations and continues to evaluate various avenues for

organic expansion and achieving inorganic growth. Towards

this, the Company continues to require capital for achieving

such growth and expansion. Accordingly, the Company

intends to undertake a capital raise by way of public or

private offerings including one or more qualified institutional

placement to eligible investors through an issuance of equity

shares or other eligible securities and use the proceeds from

the Issue, towards inter alia, capital expenditure, the pre-

payment and / or repayment of debts of the Company or its

subsidiaries(s), working capital requirements of the Company

or its subsidiaries(s), investment in the subsidiaries(s) and

general corporate purposes.

Accordingly, as approved by the Board of directors of the

Company (‘Board’) at their meeting held on June 30, 2023

and in order to fulfill the aforesaid objects, it is hereby

proposed to have an enabling approval for raising funds by

way of issuance of equity shares of face value H2 (‘Equity

Shares’), Global Depository Receipts (‘GDRs’), American

Depository Receipts (‘ADRs’), Foreign Currency Convertible

Bonds (‘FCCBs’) and / or other securities convertible into

Equity Shares (including warrants, or otherwise), fully

convertible debentures, partly convertible debentures, non-

convertible debentures with warrants and/ or convertible

preference shares or any security convertible into Equity

Shares (all of which are hereinafter collectively referred to

as ‘Securities’) or any combination thereof, in one or more

tranches, whether Rupee denominated or denominated

in foreign currency, in the course of domestic and / or

international offering(s) in one or more foreign markets, in

terms of the applicable regulations and as permitted under

the applicable laws, in such manner in consultation with

the book running lead manager(s) and/or other advisor(s):

Managing Director of the Company

I. General Information:

1.

Nature of Industry: Chemical Industry

2.

Date of commencement of Commercial Production: The Company started its commercial production in the year

2002-03.

3.

In case of new companies, expected date of commencement of activities as per object approved by financial

institutions appearing in the prospectus: N. A.

4. Financial Performance based on given indicators:

(H in crores)

Particulars

FY 2021-2022

FY 2022-23

Turnover

1,403.61

1628.14

Profit after Tax

266.43

312.49

5.

Foreign Investments or Collaborations, if any: NIL

II. Information about the appointee:

1.

Background details: Mr. Welling has degree in Mechanical Engineering from National Institute of Technology, India.

He also has Master’s degree in International Business from IIFT, New Delhi, and Master’s in Business Administration

from IMD, Lausanne, Switzerland.

2.

Past remuneration:

Remuneration of Mr. Welling for FY 2022-23 is as under:

(H in crores)

Salary as per provisions contained in Section 17(1) of the Income Tax Act, 1961

4.69

Value of perquisites u/s 17(2) of the Income Tax Act, 1961

0.01

Stock options

5.00

Commission

4.45

Employer’s contribution to Provident Fund

0.22

Employer’s contribution to Superannuation Fund

0.00

Group Mediclaim and Accident Insurance

0.01

Total

14.38

3.

Recognition or awards: NIL

4. Job profile and his suitability:

Mr. Welling is the: Managing

Managing Director of the Company for five (5)

consecutive years commencing from December 11, 2023

to December 10, 2028 subject to approval of the Members

of the Company. As required under Section 160 of the Act,

notices have been received from Members of the Company

proposing the candidature of Mr. Welling as a Director.

The first term of Mr. Atul K. Srivastava as an Independent

Director will end on June 20, 2024 and based on the

recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee, it is recommended to re-appoint Mr. Srivastava

for another five (5) consecutive years from June 21, 2024

and ending on June 20, 2029. As required under Section

160 of the Act, notices have been received from Members

of the Company proposing the candidature of Mr. Srivastava

as a Director.

Brief profiles of Mr. Mafatlal, Mr. Welling and Mr. Srivastava

are provided in the Notice convening the 25th Annual

General Meeting.

13. COMPOSITION OF COMMITTEES

The composition of the Audit Committee is as under:

Sr.

No.

Name

Chairman/Member

1.

Mr. Sunil S. Lalbhai

Chairman

2.

Mr. Pradip N. Kapadia

Member

3.

Mr. Mohan M. Nambiar

Member

4.

Ms. Radhika V. Haribhakti

Member:

Managing Director, Whole Time Director and

Key Managerial Personnel of the Company have not

received any remuneration or commission from any of

its subsidiaries;

d) No significant and material Orders have been passed by

the regulators or courts or tribunals which impact the

going concern status and the Company’s operations in

future;

e) As there was no buyback of shares during the year,

the Company has nothing to disclose with respect to

buyback of shares;

f)

None of the Auditors of the Company have reported any

fraud as specified under the second proviso of Section

143(12) of the Act;

g) There were no material changes and commitments

affecting the financial position of the Company that

have occurred between the end of the financial year to

which the financial statements relate and the date of

this Report.

h) As permitted under the provisions of the Act, the Board

does not propose to transfer any amount to general

reserve.

36. APPRECIATION

The Directors wish to place on record their appreciation for

the devoted services of the employees, who have largely

contributed to the efficient management of your Company.

The Directors also place on record their appreciation for

the continued support from the shareholders, customers,

suppliers, Governments, bankers, lenders and other

stakeholders.

By order of the Board of Directors

For NAVIN FLUORINE INTERNATIONAL LIMITED

Vishad P. Mafatlal

Chairman

DIN: 00011350

Date: May 13, 2023

Place: Mumbai

Registered Office:

Office No. 602, 6th floor, Natraj by Rustomjee,

Near Western Express Highway,

194, Sir Mathuradas Vasanji Road,

Andheri (East), Mumbai 400069, India

Tel: +91 22 6650 9999; Fax: +91 22 6650 9800

E-mail ID: info@nfil.in; Website: www.nfil.in

CIN: L24110MH1998PLC115499:

Managing Director of the Company

are separate persons and have separate roles

•

10 of 12 Directors are Non-Executive Directors (NED) i.e.

83% of the Directors are NEDs

•

9 of 12 Directors are Independent Directors i.e. 75% of

the Directors are Independent Directors

•

There are 2 Women Directors on the Board

•

None of the Directors are related to each other

The composition of the Board is in conformity with the

provisions of the Act and SEBI Listing Regulations, as

amended from time to time.

Name of the Directors

Director’s

Identification

No.

Category

No. of

Board

Meetings

attended

Whether

attended

last AGM

held on July

27, 2022

No. of equity

shares held of

H2/- each as on

March 31, 2023

Mr. Vishad P. Mafatlal

00011350

Promoter Executive (Chairman)

8

Yes

7,14,349

Mr. Mohan M. Nambiar

00046857

Non-Executive Non-Independent

8

Yes

5,027

Mr. Pradip N. Kapadia

00078673

Non-Executive Independent

8

Yes

7,335

Mr. Sunil S. Lalbhai

00045590

Non-Executive Independent

8

Yes

5,275

Mr. Sudhir G. Mankad

00086077

Non-Executive Independent

8

Yes

NIL

Mr. Harish H. Engineer

01843009

Non-Executive Independent

4^

Yes

NIL

Ms. Radhika V. Haribhakti

02409519

Non-Executive Independent

8

No

NIL

Mr. Atul K. Srivastava

00046776

Non-Executive Independent

8

Yes

16,000

Mr. Ashok U. Sinha

00070477

Non-Executive Independent

8

Yes

NIL

Mr. Sujal A. Shah

00058019

Non-Executive Independent

8

Yes

NIL

Ms. Apurva S. Purohit

00190097

Non-Executive Independent

7^

Yes

891

Mr. Radhesh R. Welling

07279004

Professional Executive

(: Managing

Managing Director

Non-Executive-Independent

Non-Executive-Independent

Mr. Sudhir G. Mankad

3

-

-

-

-

Mr. Harish H. Engineer

4

2

1

Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC

Limited

Non-Executive-Independent

Ms. Radhika V.

Haribhakti

8

9

2

EIH Associated Hotels Limited

Rain Industries Limited

ICRA Limited

Torrent Power Limited

Bajaj Finance Limited

Bajaj Finserv Limited

Non-Executive-Independent

Non-Executive-Independent

Non-Executive-Independent

Non-Executive-Independent

Non-Executive-Independent

Non-Executive-Independent

Mr. Atul K. Srivastava

3

2

1

Mafatlal Industries Limited

Non-Executive-Independent

Mr. Ashok U. Sinha

7

5

3

J.K. Cement Limited

The Tata Power Co. Limited

Cipla Limited

Tata Communications Limited

Non-Executive-Independent

Non-Executive-Independent

Non-Executive-Independent

Non-Executive-Independent

Mr. Sujal A. Shah

12

8

2

Mafatlal Industries Limited

Amal Limited

Hindoostan Mills Limited

Deepak Fertilisers &

Petrochemicals Corporation

Limited

Ironwood Education Limited

Non-Executive-Independent

Non-Executive-Independent

Non-Executive-Independent

Non-Executive-Independent

Non-Executive-Independent

Ms. Apurva S. Purohit

5

3

1

L&T Technology Services

Limited

LTI Mindtree Limited

Marico Limited

Non-Executive-Independent

Non-Executive-Independent

Non-Executive-Independent

Mr. Radhesh R. Welling

6

-

-

-

-

# It includes foreign, Section 8, private, public and listed companies, including Navin Fluorine International Limited.

$ Under this column, membership/chairpersonship of Audit Committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee of public

companies, including Navin Fluorine International Limited, is considered.

@ Total no. of membership includes the Committees in which Director is a Chairperson.:

Managing Director, Chief Financial

Officer, Statutory Auditors, Internal Auditors and Cost

Auditors are usually invited and attend the Meetings of the

Audit Committee.

The terms of reference of the Audit Committee are as

mentioned in the Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations which

include:

1)

oversight of the Company’s financial reporting process

and the disclosure of its financial information to ensure

that the financial statements are correct, sufficient and

credible;

2) recommendation for appointment, remuneration and

terms of appointment of auditors of the Company;

3) approval of payment to statutory auditors for any other

services rendered by the statutory auditors;

4) reviewing, with the management, the annual financial

statements and auditor’s report thereon before

submission to the Board for approval, with particular

reference to:

a)

matters required to be included in the Director’s

responsibility statement to be included in the

Board’s report in terms of clause (c) of sub-section

(3) of Section 134 of the Act;

b) changes, if any, in accounting policies and practices

and reasons for the same;:

Managing Director and Whole Time

Director is 5 (Five) years from the respective dates of their

appointment and Notice Period as per appointment letters –

(a) Mr. Vishad P. Mafatlal – 6 months and (b) Mr. Radhesh R.

Welling – 3 months. Other service contracts, notice period

and severance fees, among others – None.

6. STAKEHOLDERS’ RELATIONSHIP

COMMITTEE

As per Section 178(5) of the Act and Regulation 20 read

with Part D(B) of Schedule II of the SEBI Listing Regulations,

the Company has a Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee

comprising of:

Sr.

No.

Name

Designation

1.

Mr. Pradip N. Kapadia

Chairman

2.

Mr. Atul K. Srivastava

Member

3.

Ms. Radhika V. Haribhakti

Member

Mr. Niraj B. Mankad, Company Secretary of the Company,

is the Compliance Officer of the Company and also acts as

Secretary of the Committee.

The terms of reference of the Committee inter-alia, include

(a) resolving the grievances of the security holders of the

Company including complaints related to transmission

of shares, non-receipt of annual report, non-receipt of

declared dividends, issue of new/duplicate certificates,

general meetings etc.; (b) reviewing measures taken for

effective exercise of voting rights by shareholders; (c)

reviewing adherence to the service standards adopted by

the Company in respect of various services being rendered

by the Company’s Registrar & Share Transfer Agent; (d)

reviewing the various measures and initiatives taken by

the Company for reducing the quantum of unclaimed

dividends and ensuring timely receipt of dividend warrants/

annual reports/statutory notices by the shareholders of the

Company.

During the financial year 2022-2023, two meetings of the

Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee were held on May

4, 2022 and October 18, 2022 with the attendance by all

members of the Committee.

Details of investor complaints received and resolved during

the financial year 2022-2023 are as under:

a)

No. of complaints pending as on April 1, 2022

Nil

b)

No. of complaints received from April 1, 2022 to

March 31, 2023

65

c)

No. of complaints resolved

64

d)

No. of complaints remaining unresolved as on

March 31, 2023

1*

* Resolved after the year end.

7. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

COMMITTEE

As required under Section 135(1) of the Act, the Company has

a Corporate Social Responsibility Committee comprising of:

Sr.

No.

Name

Designation

1.

Mr. Sudhir G. Mankad

Chairman

2.

Mr. Vishad P. Mafatlal

Member

3.

Mr. Harish H. Engineer

Member

4.

Mr. Ashok U. Sinha

Member

(w.e.f. May 13, 2023)

The Committee is inter alia authorized to formulate and

recommend to the Board a CSR Policy, the amount of

expenditure to be incurred on the permissible activities,

monitoring the CSR Policy from time to time and formulating

and recommending to the Board, an annual action plan in

pursuance of the CSR policy. During the financial year 2022-

2023, two meetings of the Corporate Social Responsibility

Committee were held on May 5, 2022 and October 18, 2022

with the attendance by all members of the Committee.

8. RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE

In accordance with Regulation 21 read with Part D(C) of

Schedule II of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Company

has a Risk Management Committee comprising of:

Sr.

No.

Name

Designation

1.

Mr. Vishad P. Mafatlal

Chairman

2.

Mr. Radhesh R. Welling

Member

3.

Mr. Atul K. Srivastava

Member

4.

Mr. Anish P. Ganatra - Chief Financial

Officer

Member

5.

Mr. Lalit Soni - Vice President,

Corporate Finance and Treasury

Member

The Company Secretary of the Company, Mr. Niraj B.

Mankad, acts as the Secretary of the Risk Management

Committee.:

Managing Director in

this regard is annexed separately to this Report.

16. MD AND CFO CERTIFICATION

The: Managing Director and the Chief Financial Officer of the

Company have submitted annual certification on financial

reporting and internal controls and certification on Financial

Results to the Board in terms of SEBI Listing Regulations.

By order of the Board of Directors

For NAVIN FLUORINE INTERNATIONAL LIMITED

Vishad P. Mafatlal

Dear Stakeholders,

With the changing economic scenarios across geographies, we constantly strive to stay committed to our vision of

providing world class innovative solutions to all our customers across sectors. For the current financial year, we have

enhanced our profits while ensuring quality services/solutions to our valued customers. We not only focus on earning

profits, but also endeavor to create a positive impact on all our stakeholders (employees, partners, investors, communities,

among others). While ESG has always been an aspect of how we operate and manage our business, it is time for us to

mainstream our ESG practices and be aware about our aspirations. We have embarked our journey of making ESG as one

of key focus area of our strategy and have laid down progressive goals to mitigate the impacts on the environment and

society at large. We believe that business growth and ESG can come together and create increasing and eternal value for

our stakeholders. The Organization has established polices for Health, Safety & Environment (HSE), Prevention of Sexual

Harassment (POSH), Sustainable Supply Chain Policy, Responsible Care Policy, Integrated Management System Policy

and is committed to conducting ethical business practices to the labour, human capital and to the community. We aim to

reduce our carbon emissions 10% and double the renewable energy consumption by FY2024 from the base year FY2023.

8. Details of the highest authority responsible

for implementation and oversight of the

Business Responsibility policy (ies).

Mr. Radhesh R. Welling

Designation:: Managing

letter and spirit. The Company’s

commitment to human rights is substantiated by its Human Resource Policy which extends to all its employees.:

Managing Director

Chairman - CSR Committee

DIN: 07279004

DIN: 00086077

Place: Mumbai / Gandhinagar

Date: May 11, 2023

Registered Office:

Office No. 602, 6th floor, Natraj by Rustomjee,

Near Western Express Highway,

194, Sir Mathuradas Vasanji Road,

Andheri (East), Mumbai 400069, India

Tel: +91 22 6650 9999; Fax: +91 22 6650 9800

E-mail ID: info@nfil.in; Website: www.nfil.in

CIN: L24110MH1998PLC115499:

Managing Director

90,000

H2/-

Mr. Amrit Singh

CEO – Specialty Business

30,000

H2/-

Mr. Partha Roychowdhury

CEO – HPP Business

20,000

H2/-

Mr. Ravi Venkataramanan

CEO – CDMO Business

15,000

H2/-

b) Any other employee who receives a grant in any one year of option amounting to 5% or more of option granted

during that year – None except as disclosed at sr. no. 6(a) above

c) Identified employees who were granted option, during any one year, equal to or exceeding 1% of the issued

capital (excluding outstanding warrants and conversions) of the Company at the time of grant - Nil:

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this report.:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to

express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts

are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis

for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations

and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility

of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.:

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this report.:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the company. Our responsibility is to

express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts

are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis

for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations

and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility

of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the company.

For MMJB & Associates LLP

Company Secretaries

Omkar Dindorkar

Designated Partner

ACS: 43029

CP: 24580

Date: May 12, 2023

PR No.: 2826/2022

Place: Mumbai

UDIN: A043029E000296018:

Managing Director

Membership No. 48125

(DIN:00011350)

(DIN:07279004)

Niraj B. Mankad

Anish P. Ganatra

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

Mumbai, May 13, 2023

Mumbai, May 13, 2023

The above Standalone Balance Sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

166 I Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

Membership No. 48125

(DIN:00011350)

(DIN:07279004)

Niraj B. Mankad

Anish P. Ganatra

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

Mumbai, May 13, 2023

Mumbai, May 13, 2023

Amount H in crores unless otherwise stated

Particulars

Notes

For the year ended

March 31, 2023

For the year ended

March 31, 2022

INCOME

Revenue from operations

30

1,628.14

1,403.61

Other Income

31

41.00

37.47

Total Income

1,669.14

1,441.08

EXPENSES

Cost of materials consumed

32

721.53

646.12

Changes in inventories of finished goods and work-in-progress

33

(6.27)

(7.86)

Employee benefit expense

34

202.98

153.28

Finance costs

35

2.05

1.66

Depreciation and amortisation expense

36

42.60

44.25

Other Expenses

37

288.01

256.65

Total Expenses

1,250.90

1,094.10

Profit before tax

418.24

346.98

Tax expenses

(1) Current tax

(a) for the year

38

104.93

83.85

(b) for earlier year

38

-

(3.28)

(2) Deferred tax

24.1

0.82

(0.02)

Total Tax expenses

105.75

80.55

Profit for the year

312.49

266.43

Other comprehensive income

Items that will not be reclassified to profit and loss

Remeasurement loss of the defined benefit obligations

1.04

(1.02)

Current tax relating to the above

(0.26)

0.24

Total other comprehensive income, net of tax

0.78

(0.78)

Total comprehensive income for the year

313.27

265.65

Earnings per equity share (of face value of H2.00 each)

40

(1) Basic (in H)

63.05

53.79

(2) Diluted (in H)

62.83

53.76

Significant Accounting Policies

2

Corporate

Overview

Statutory

Report

Financial

Section

167:

Managing Director

Membership No. 48125

(DIN:00011350)

(DIN:07279004)

Niraj B. Mankad

Anish P. Ganatra

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

Mumbai, May 13, 2023

Mumbai, May 13, 2023

Corporate

Overview

Statutory

Report

Financial

Section

169:

Managing Director

Membership No. 48125

(DIN:00011350)

(DIN:07279004)

Niraj B. Mankad

Anish P. Ganatra

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

Mumbai, May 13, 2023

Mumbai, May 13, 2023

170 I Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director. The CODM assess the financial

performance and position of the Company and makes strategic decisions. See Note 39 for segment information

presented.

c) Revenue recognition

(i) Sale of Goods

Revenue is generated primarily from sale of chemicals. Revenue is recognised at the point in time when the

performance obligation is satisfied and control of the goods is transferred to the customer in accordance with

the terms of customer contracts. In case of domestic customers, generally revenue recognition take place

when goods are dispatched and in case of export customers when goods are shipped onboard based on bill

of lading as per the terms of contract. Revenue towards satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured

at the amount of transaction price (net of variable consideration) allocated to that performance obligation. The

transaction price of goods sold and services rendered is net of variable consideration on account of various

discounts and schemes offered by the Company as part of the contract.

A contract liability is the obligation to render services to the customer for which the Company has received

consideration from the customer. Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue when the Company performs

under the contract.

The Company does not expect to have any contracts where the period between the rendering of promised

services to the customer and payment by the customer exceed one year. As a consequence, the Company does

not adjust any of the transaction prices for the time value of money.

(ii) Sale of Services

Revenue is recognized from rendering of services when the performance obligation is satisfied and the

services are rendered in accordance with the terms of customer contracts. Revenue towards satisfaction of a

performance obligation is measured at the amount of transaction price (net of variable consideration) allocated

to that performance obligation. The transaction price of goods sold and services rendered is net of variable

consideration on account of various discounts and schemes offered by the Company as part of the contract.

A contract liability is the obligation to transfer goods to the customer for which the Company has received

consideration from the customer. Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue when the Company performs

under the contract.

The Company does not expect to have any contracts where the period between the rendering of promised

services to the customer and payment by the customer exceed one year. As a consequence, the Company does

not adjust any of the transaction prices for the time value of money.

(iii) Export Incentives

Export incentives are recognised for based on the eligibility and when there is no uncertainty in receiving the

same.

d) Government Grants

Government grants are recognised at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance that the grant will be

received and the Company will comply with all attached conditions.

Government grants relating to the purchase of property, plant and equipment are included in liabilities as deferred

income and are credited to the Statement of Profit and Loss in a systematic basis over the expected life of the related

assets and presented within other income.

Government grants relating to income are deferred and recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss over the

period necessary to match them with the costs that they are intended to compensate and presented within other

income.

172 I Annual Report 2022-23

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2023:

Managing Director of the Company are the chief operating decision makers.

The Company operates only in one Business Segment i.e. ‘Chemical Business’ which constitutes a single reporting segment.

Particulars

As at and for the year ended

As at and for the year ended

March 31, 2023

March 31, 2022

Within

India

Outside

India

Total

Within

India

Outside

India

Total

Revenues *

753.01

875.13

1,628.14

695.02

708.59

1,403.61

Carrying cost of non current assets @

1,255.91

95.53

1,351.44

895.77

95.53

991.30

Cost incurred on acquisition of property,

plant and equipment

209.50

-

209.50

55.95

-

55.95

* Timing of revenue recongnition is at a point in time.

@ Excluding financial assets.

Note: Considering the nature of business of the Company in which it operates, the Company deals with various customers.

Consequently, none of the customer’s contribution exceeds 10% of total revenue of the Company.

40. EARNING PER SHARE

Earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to the equity shareholders by the weighted average number

of equity shares outstanding during the year, as under

Particulars

For the year ended

March 31, 2023

For the year ended

March 31, 2022

Profit for the year attributable to equity shareholders - (Hin crores) - A

312.49

266.43

Weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year - B

49,558,378

49,528,217

Effect of Dilution :

Weighted average number of ESOP shares outstanding

173,700

33,287

Weighted average number of Equity shares adjusted for the effect of dilution - C

49,732,078

49,561,504

Basic earnings per share - H(A / B)

63.05

53.79

Diluted earnings per share - H(A / C)

62.83

53.76

Nominal value per share - H

2.00

2.00

41. LEASING ARRANGEMENT

The Company has taken office, residential premises and vehicles under operating lease or leave and license agreements.

These are generally cancellable in nature and range between 11 months to 60 months. These leave and license agreements

are generally renewable or cancellable at the option of the Company or the lessor. The lease payment recognised in the

Statement of Profit and Loss is H0.52 crores (March 31, 2022: H0.86 crores). Refer note 5B for further information.

42. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS

42.1 Defined Contribution Plan

The company has recognised the following amounts in the Statement of Profit and Loss for the year:

Particulars

As at

March 31, 2023

As at

March 31, 2022

Contribution to Provident Fund

4.83

3.66

Contribution to Family Pension Fund

1.45

1.30

Contribution to Superannuation Fund

1.69

1.71

Contribution to Employees' State Insurance Scheme

0.01

0.01

Contribution to Employees' Deposits Linked Insurance Scheme

0.09

0.08

Total

8.07

6.76

Corporate

Overview

Statutory

Report

Financial

Section

203

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2023

Amount H in crores unless otherwise stated:

Managing Director(s) and the Whole Time Director(s) but excluding the promoters or persons belonging to the promoter

group of the Company to the extent maximum of 5% of issued and paid up share capital of the Company from time to

time. Each option is exercisable into one fully paid-up Equity Shares of H2.00 each of the Company. These options are to

be issued in one or more tranches and on such terms and conditions (including exercise price, vesting period, exercise

period etc.) as may be determined by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee (NRC) in accordance with the

provisions of the ESOS 2007, SEBI Regulations and in compliance with other applicable laws and regulations. The stock

options granted under ESOS 2007 shall be capable of being exercisable on vesting within 10 years from grant date.

Corporate

Overview

Statutory

Report

Financial

Section

213

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2023

Amount H in crores unless otherwise stated:

Managing Director(s) and the Whole Time Director(s) but excluding the promoters or persons belonging to the promoter

group of the Company and its subsidiary companies to the extent maximum of 5% of issued and paid up share capital

of the Company from time to time. Each option is exercisable into one fully paid-up Equity Shares of H2.00 each of the

Company. These options are to be issued in one or more tranches and on such terms and conditions (including exercise

price, vesting period, exercise period etc.) as may be determined by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee

(NRC) in accordance with the provisions of the ESOS 2017, SEBI Regulations and in compliance with other applicable

laws and regulations. The stock options granted under ESOS 2017 shall be capable of being exercisable on vesting within

10 years from grant date.

(i)

The following share-based payment arrangements were in existence during the current and prior years under the

scheme:

Scheme

Grant date

Number of Stock

Options Granted

Vesting period

Exercise

Price (H)

ESOS 2007

July 28, 2007

1,11,000*

4 Years

74.84

July 28, 2007

40,000*

4 Years

81.49

April 28, 2014

4,33,500*

2 Years

78.00

June 29, 2015

1,50,115*

2 Years

194.80

October 24,

2016

56,075*

2 Years

554.40

ESOS 2017

March 19, 2018

58,830

2 Years

780.00

May 9, 2018

725

2 Years

770.35

January 7, 2019

14,315

2 Years

698.45

October 19,

2022

155,000

In 4 equal tranches on October 31, 2023, April

1, 2024, April 1, 2025 and April 1, 2026

2.00

*Adjusted to corporate actions of sub-division of shares in the ratio of 5 Equity Shares of H2.00 each for every 1 Equity Share of H10.00

each.

(ii)

The following reconciles the Stock Options outstanding at the beginning and end of the period:

Particulars

As at March 31, 2023

As at March 31, 2022

Number of

stock option

Weighted average

exercise price (H)

Number of

stock option

Weighted average

exercise price (H)

Balance at beginning of the year

ESOS 2007

10,245

353.65

37,420

345.20

ESOS 2017

29,710

740.72

52,465

757.62

Granted during the year

ESOS 2007

-

-

-

-

ESOS 2017

155,000

2.00

-

-

Exercised during the year

ESOS 2007

1,125

274.71

27,175

342.01

ESOS 2017

16,895

710.90

22,755

779.69

Expired during the year

ESOS 2007

5,705

335.05

-

-

ESOS 2017

1,465

780.00

-

-

Balance at the end of the year

ESOS 2007

3,415

410.67

10,245

353.65

ESOS 2017

166,350

55.08

29,710

740.72

The weighted average share price at the date of exercise of options exercised during the year ended March 31, 2023

H 4,145 (March 31, 2022 – H3,532).

44. SHARE BASED PAYMENTS (contd.)

214 I Annual Report 2022-23

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2023

Amount H in crores unless otherwise stated:

Managing Director

Mr. Mohan M. Nambiar - Non-Independent Non-Executive Director

Mr. Pradip N. Kapadia - Independent Non-Executive Director

Mr. Sunil S. Lalbhai - Independent Non-Executive Director

Mr. Sudhir G. Mankad - Independent Non-Executive Director

Mr. Harish H. Engineer - Independent Non-Executive Director

Mr. Atul K. Srivastava - Independent Non-Executive Director

Mrs. Radhika V. Haribhakti - Independent Non- Executive Director

Mr. Ashok U. Sinha - Independent Non- Executive Director

Mr. Sujal A. Shah - Independent Non- Executive Director

Mrs. Apurva S. Purohit - Independent Non- Executive Director

45.1 Disclosures in respect of significant transactions with related parties during the year:

Transactions

For the year ended

March 31, 2023

For the year ended

March 31, 2022

Sales

Navin Fluorine Advanced Sciences Limited

119.71

0.01

Manchester Organics Limited

0.25

0.42

Rental income

Navin Fluorine Advanced Sciences Limited

0.08

0.03

Interest Income and Guarantee Commission

Sulakshana Securities Limited

0.61

0.58

Manchester Organics Limited

0.07

-

Navin Fluorine Advanced Sciences Limited

3.87

-

Purchases

Manchester Organics Limited

0.07

-

Navin Fluorine Advanced Sciences Limited

0.04

-

Rent paid, including lease rentals

Sulakshana Securities Limited

1.18

1.18

Reimbursement of expenses paid

Manchester Organics Limited

7.44

5.32

NFIL USA, Inc.

9.78

7.11

Navin Fluorine (Shanghai) Co. Ltd.

1.32

0.44

Legal / Professional fees paid

M/s Vigil Juris

0.33

-

Reimbursement of expenses recovered

Sulakshana Securities Limited

2.17

0.63

Navin Fluorine Advanced Sciences Limited

7.54

1.79

Purchase of Investment in equity shares

Navin Fluorine (Shanghai) Co. Ltd.

-

0.30

Navin Fluorine Advanced Sciences Limited

190.48

150.00

Inter corporate deposit given

Navin Fluorine Advanced Sciences Ltd.

328.00

393.00

Interest on ICD

Navin Fluorine Advanced Sciences Ltd.

8.49

3.72

45. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (contd.)

216 I Annual Report 2022-23

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2023

Amount H in crores unless otherwise stated:

Managing Director

Membership No. 48125

(DIN:00011350)

(DIN:07279004)

Niraj B. Mankad

Anish P. Ganatra

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

Mumbai, May 13, 2023

Mumbai, May 13, 2023

Corporate

Overview

Statutory

Report

Financial

Section

223

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2023

Amount H in crores unless otherwise stated:

Managing Director

Membership No. 48125

(DIN:00011350)

(DIN:07279004)

Niraj B. Mankad

Anish P. Ganatra

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

Mumbai, May 13, 2023

Mumbai, May 13, 2023

232 I Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

Membership No. 48125

(DIN:00011350)

(DIN:07279004)

Niraj B. Mankad

Anish P. Ganatra

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

Mumbai, May 13, 2023

Mumbai, May 13, 2023

Amount H in crores unless otherwise stated

Particulars

Notes

For the year ended

March 31, 2023

For the year ended

March 31, 2022

INCOME

Revenue from operations

34

2,077.40

1,453.36

Other Income

35

35.73

39.22

Total Income

2,113.13

1,492.58

EXPENSES

Cost of materials consumed

36

905.72

650.49

Purchases of stock-in-trade

19.66

25.40

Changes in Inventories of finished goods, work in progress and stock-in-trade

37

(29.37)

(10.26)

Employee benefits expense

38

249.41

181.53

Finance costs

39

27.52

1.90

Depreciation and amortisation expense

40

62.64

47.90

Other expenses

41

381.67

251.39

Total Expenses

1,617.25

1,148.35

Profit before tax

495.88

344.23

Tax expenses

(1) Current tax

(a) for the year

42

106.10

85.04

(b) for earlier year

42

-

(3.28)

(2) Deferred tax

27.1

14.59

(0.61)

Total Tax expenses

120.69

81.15

Profit for the year

375.19

263.08

Share of (loss) from joint ventures (Net)

(0.01)

(0.01)

Total profit for the year

375.18

263.07

Other comprehensive income

(A) Items that will not be reclassified to profit and loss

(i)

Remeasurement loss of the defined benefit obligations

1.03

(1.09)

(ii)

Current tax relating to the above

(0.26)

0.26

Total (A)

0.77

(0.83)

(B) Items that may be reclassified to profit and loss

(i)

Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations

1.27

(0.40)

Total (B)

1.27

(0.40)

Total other comprehensive income (A+B)

2.04

(1.23)

Total comprehensive income for the year

377.22

261.84

Profit is attributable to:

Owners of the Company

375.18

263.07

Other Comprehensive Income attributable to:

Owners of the Company

2.04

(1.23)

Total Comprehensive Income attributable to:

Owners of the Company

377.22

261.84

Earnings per equity share (of face value of H2.00 each)

44

(1) Basic (in H)

75.70

53.12

(2) Diluted (in H)

75.44

53.08

Significant Accounting Policies

2

Corporate

Overview

Statutory

Report

Financial

Section

233:

Managing Director

Membership No. 48125

(DIN:00011350)

(DIN:07279004)

Niraj B. Mankad

Anish P. Ganatra

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

Mumbai, May 13, 2023

Mumbai, May 13, 2023

Amount H in crores unless otherwise stated

Corporate

Overview

Statutory

Report

Financial

Section

235:

Managing Director

Membership No. 48125

(DIN:00011350)

(DIN:07279004)

Niraj B. Mankad

Anish P. Ganatra

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

Mumbai, May 13, 2023

Mumbai, May 13, 2023

236 I Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director. The CODM assess the financial

performance and position of the Company and makes strategic decisions. See Note 43 for segment information

presented.

d) Revenue recognition

(i) Sale of Goods

Revenue is generated primarily from sale of chemicals. Revenue is recognised at the point in time when the

performance obligation is satisfied and control of the goods is transferred to the customer in accordance with

the terms of customer contracts. In case of domestic customers, generally revenue recognition take place

when goods are dispatched and in case of export customers when goods are shipped onboard based on bill

of lading as per the terms of contract. Revenue towards satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured

at the amount of transaction price (net of variable consideration) allocated to that performance obligation. The

transaction price of goods sold is net of variable consideration on account of various discounts and schemes

offered by the Company as part of the contract.

A contract liability is the obligation to transfer goods to the customer for which the Group has received

consideration from the customer. Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue when the Group performs under

the contract.

The Group does not expect to have any contracts where the period between the transfer of the promised goods

to the customer and payment by the customer exceed one year. As a consequence, the Group does not adjust

any of the transaction prices for the time value of money.

Corporate

Overview

Statutory

Report

Financial

Section

239

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2023:

Managing Director of the Group are the chief operating decision makers. The

Group operates only in one Business Segment i.e. ‘Chemical Business’ which constitutes a single reporting segment.

(i)

The Group has two geographical segments based upon location of its customers - within and outside India:

Particulars

As at and for the year ended

As at and for the year ended

March 31, 2023

March 31, 2022

Within

India

Outside

India

Total

Within

India

Outside

India

Total

Revenues *

699.07

1,378.33

2,077.40

695.01

758.35

1,453.36

Carrying cost of non current assets @

2,014.47

7.87

2,022.34

1,327.54

5.62

1,333.16

Cost incurred on acquisition of

property, plant and equipment

689.29

-

689.29

713.83

0.21

714.04

* Timing of revenue recongnition is at a point in time.

@ Excluding financial assets.

(ii) Revenue from customers of the Group which is individually more than 10 percent of the Group’s total revenue:

Particulars

For the year ended

March 31, 2023

For the year ended

March 31, 2022

Customer A

360.37

-

44. EARNING PER SHARE

Earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to the equity shareholders by the weighted average number

of equity shares outstanding during the year, as under:

Particulars

For the year ended

March 31, 2023

For the year ended

March 31, 2022

Profit for the year attributable to equity shareholders - (Hin crores) - A

375.18

263.07

Weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year - B

49,558,378

49,528,217

Effect of Dilution :

Weighted average number of ESOP shares outstanding

173,700

33,287

Weighted average number of Equity shares adjusted for the effect of dilution - C

49,732,078

49,561,504

Basic earnings per share - H(A / B)

75.70

53.12

Diluted earnings per share - H(A / C)

75.44

53.08

Nominal value per share - H

2.00

2.00

45. LEASING ARRANGEMENT

The Group has taken office, residential premises and vehicles under operating lease or leave and license agreements. These

are generally cancellable in nature and range between 11 months to 60 months. These leave and license agreements are

generally renewable or cancelable at the option of the Group or the lessor. The lease payment recognised in the Consolidated

Statement of Profit and Loss is H0.93 Crores (March 31, 2022: H1.22 Crores). From April 01, 2019 the Group has recognised

right of use assets for these leases, except short term leases. Refer note 5B for further information.

272 I Annual Report 2022-23

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2023

Amount H in crores unless otherwise stated:

Managing Director

Mr. Mohan M. Nambiar - Non-Independent Non-Executive Director

Mr. Pradip N. Kapadia - Independent Non-Executive Director

Mr. Sunil S. Lalbhai - Independent Non-Executive Director

Mr. Sudhir G. Mankad - Independent Non-Executive Director

Mr. Harish H. Engineer - Independent Non-Executive Director

Mr. Atul K. Srivastava - Independent Non-Executive Director

Mrs. Radhika V. Haribhakti - Independent Non- Executive Director

Mr. Ashok U. Sinha - Independent Non- Executive Director

Mr. Sujal A. Shah - Independent Non- Executive Director

Mrs. Apurva S. Purohit - Independent Non- Executive Director

49.1 Disclosures in Respect of Significant Transactions with Related Parties During the Year:

Transactions

For the year ended

March 31, 2023

For the year ended

March 31, 2022

Donation

Sri Sadguru Seva Sangh Trust

2.00

2.00

Legal / Professional fees paid

M/s Vigil Juris

0.33

-

Managerial remuneration (Short Term Employee Benefit)#

25.05

16.54

Director Sitting fees and Commission*

3.39

2.81

# Excludes provision for gratuity and compensated absences which are determined based on an actuarial valuation done on overall basis for

the group and accordingly individual figure are not available.

* Commission payable to Independent / Non-Independent, Non-executive directors for the year ended March 31, 2023 is subject to approval

of shareholders.

48. SHARE BASED PAYMENTS (contd.)

286 I Annual Report 2022-23

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2023

Amount H in crores unless otherwise stated:

Managing Director

Membership No. 48125

(DIN:00011350)

(DIN:07279004)

Niraj B. Mankad

Anish P. Ganatra

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

Mumbai, May 13, 2023

Mumbai, May 13, 2023

Corporate

Overview

Statutory

Report

Financial

Section

291

Amount H in crores unless otherwise stated

Notes to T Consolidated Financial Statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2023:

