Managing Director’s: Letter

Key Performance

Indicators

Board of

Managing Director

2

3

STRATEGIC REVIEW

Strategic Review

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

The Sandur Manganese & Iron Ores Limited

Annual Report 2022-23

A legacy of responsible mining.

A future of integrated sustainability.

Established in 1954 under the visionary leadership of Murarirao

Yeshwantrao Ghorpade, under the aegis of Yeshwantrao Hindurao

Ghorpade, The Sandur Manganese & Iron Ores Limited (‘SMIORE’ or

‘the Company’) was started with a mission of scientific development and

mining of manganese and iron ores.

Introduction

STRATEGIC REVIEW

From its origins as a predominantly

merchant mining Company to its

transformative journey into an

integrated business, SMIORE has

traversed a remarkable path. Over the

course of nearly seven decades, the

Company has witnessed a myriad of

changes in the business environment,

and transition in leadership.

Yet, amidst these shifts, one thing

has remained steady - its steadfast

commitment to core principles and

ethos. These principles encompass

the tenets of systematic, safe,

and scientific mining, as well as a

deep dedication to community and

environmental stewardship.

Today, SMIORE stands as one of

India’s most diversified and integrated

commodity producers. Renowned for

its value-driven and rooted mindset,

the Company continuously endeavours

to evolve and remain relevant in a

dynamic industry.

Its operations have expanded manifold

since its inception, encompassing not

only the mining of manganese and

iron ores but also the establishment

of downstream facilities in ferroalloys,

coke, and energy. With its upcoming

mining expansion, subject to

respective regulatory approvals,

SMIORE plans to further the scale and

level of integration in its operation.

This strategic development and

consolidation of business enable

seamless integration across the value

chain, ensuring value addition at

each stage.

SMIORE’s unwavering commitment

to employee welfare and safety has

fostered a conducive ecosystem for its

workforce to thrive. As one of the most

respected private sector miners of

manganese and iron ores,

SMIORE’s mines are recognised

as shining examples of scientific

development and meticulous operation

in the country.

The Company places notable

emphasis on afforestation, as well as

the protection and conservation of the

environment. This steadfast dedication

has garnered prestigious state and

national awards, including the coveted

5-star rating from the Ministry of Mines,

Government of India, for its sustainable

and scientific mining practices,

concern for society, and commitment

to environmental and forest protection.

IT IS WORTH MENTIONING THAT SMIORE

HAS CONSISTENTLY RECEIVED THE

ESTEEMED 5-STAR RATING EVER SINCE

THE INTRODUCTION OF THE SUSTAINABLE

DEVELOPMENT FRAMEWORK (SDF).:

Dear Shareholders,

My warm greetings to all our

stakeholders. It is a pleasure to

present to you SMIORE’s Annual

Report for FY23. I am proud to

share the remarkable progress

we have made this year on our

chosen path of integration and

sustainability.

SMIORE has stood tall as a symbol

of trust and consistency over

the nearly seventy years of its

existence. Whilst witnessing and

negotiating our way through shifts

in the ever-changing business

landscape, our commitment to

our core principles and values has

been steadfast. Our journey has

been defined by systematic, safe

and scientific mining practices,

meshed with a deep-rooted sense

of responsibility towards our

community and the environment.

Chairman’s Address

RESILIENT

PERFORMANCE

FY23 brought its share of challenges

from a macro and industry

perspective. The announcement

of increased export duty on

minerals and metal products by the

Government of India in May 2022,

coupled with the global commodity

pricing scenario at the time,

adversely impacted not only SMIORE

but the entire industry in the first half

of FY23. Our team responded well

and we bounced back in the second

half, meeting our annual targets

and displaying a positive trajectory

towards the end of the financial year.

Our total Income in FY23 declined

marginally by 4% to ₹ 2,185 crore,

over the previous year’s ₹ 2,284

crore. This was primarily due to

lower sales realisations for nearly

all our products as compared to

the previous year. EBITDA for FY23

stood at ₹ 451 crore, registering

a decrease of 55% from FY22.

Consequently, PAT for the year stood

at ₹ 271 crore. While our momentum

from last year slowed down due to

external circumstances, our team

still performed admirably, given the

prevailing circumstances.

On our balance sheet we continue

our robust position, with a Gross

Debt to Equity ratio of 0.11 in FY23, as

compared to 0.19 in FY22. Coupled

with our surplus cash reserves, we

continue to maintain a net-debt free

balance sheet.

BREAKTHROUGH

EXPANSION

Despite the uninspiring macro

conditions, we remained steadfast in

our vision to expand our operations.

We received the much-awaited

Environmental Clearance (EC) for

expanding iron ore production from 1.60

MTPA to 4.50 MTPA, along with the 7.0

MTPA Beneficiation Plant and a Downhill

Conveyor System on 25 April 2023. This

breakthrough in our mining expansion

project marks a significant milestone in

SMIORE’s journey and sets the stage for

its next phase of growth.

These expansion plans are aligned

with our vision of an integrated and

sustainable future. We believe that

integrating our operations and focusing

on long term sustainability will not only

enhance our value addition capabilities

but also foster growth and prosperity for

all our stakeholders.

SUSTAINABLE

APPROACH

Environmental stewardship remains at

the core of our operations, and we have

made significant strides in this direction.

In the last couple of years, our efforts

have been channelised towards clean

energy initiatives. In 2021, we began with

commissioning our Waste Heat Recovery

Boilers, to set up a 32 MW clean energy

capacity. We continued our steps in that

direction and entered into a partnership

for a 42.9 MW Hybrid Renewable Energy

project. These are strategic moves to

address our growing energy needs,

whilst working towards achieving a

greener future. As we further scale up

our operations, we are determined to

contribute to environmental sustainability

by embracing cleaner energy sources

that reduce our carbon footprint.

LOOKING AHEAD

As we navigate the path towards

the future, we are excited about our

prospects. The remaining approvals

for our mining expansion project are

expected to be in place shortly,

marking the beginning of a new

phase in our journey. We are

determined to position SMIORE as

a formidable force in the industry,

while always remaining true to

our commitment to sustainability,

environmental preservation, and

community development.

I am delighted to announce that

the Board has recommended a

dividend of ₹ 5 per share, subject

to shareholders approval at the

coming Annual General Meeting.

Furthermore, the Board has also

given concurrence for listing the

Company’s equity shares on the

National Stock Exchange of India

Limited. This decision reflects our

commitment to continue delivering

value to our esteemed shareholders.

In conclusion, I extend my heartfelt

gratitude to all our stakeholders for

their unwavering support and trust

in SMIORE. Your relentless faith has

been the driving force behind our

success and inspires us to reach

greater heights.

Together, let us continue shaping

a brighter, more sustainable and

integrated future, bringing prosperity

to all of us, the country and our

global environment.

WE RECEIVED THE MUCH-AWAITED

ENVIRONMENTAL CLEARANCE (EC) FOR

EXPANDING IRON ORE PRODUCTION FROM

1.60 MTPA TO 4.50 MTPA, ALONG WITH THE 7.0

MTPA BENEFICIATION PLANT AND A DOWNHILL

CONVEYOR SYSTEM ON 25 APRIL 2023.

1.60 MTPA to

4.50 MTPA

Environmental Clearance (EC) for

expanding iron ore production

granted to SMIORE

42.9 MW

Hybrid renewable energy project

commissioned in a SPV

FY23 brought its share of

challenges from a macro and

industry perspective. The

announcement of increased

export duty on minerals and metal

products by the Government of

India in May 2022, coupled with

the global commodity pricing

scenario at the time, adversely

impacted not only SMIORE but

the entire industry in the first half

of FY23.”

“

T. R. Raghunandan

Chairman:

Dear Shareholders,

As Chuck Palahniuk puts it “The

goal isn’t to live forever, the goal is

to create something that will.” And

my forefathers did exactly that when

their vision gave birth to The Sandur

Manganese & Iron Ores Limited

(SMIORE), a living testament to their

enduring legacy and pioneering spirit.

With this cherished thought in mind, I

extend my heartfelt greetings to each

one of you.: Managing

Managing Director’s: Letter (Continued)

OPERATIONAL

UPDATES

During the past year, our mining

operations remained in line with the

maximum permissible limit. However,

we did experience a decrease

in average sales realisations for

both manganese and iron ores,

which had an impact on our overall

profitability. The Coke and Energy

segment faced some challenges

due to the volatile exchange rates

of coking coal, making it difficult to

maintain profitability in this segment

throughout the year. To mitigate this,

we decided to prioritise serving our

contract manufacturing customers,

thus reducing our exposure to such

fluctuations.

Furthermore, the performance of the

Ferroalloys segment during FY23

was also subdued due to declining

realisations and a general slowdown

in the steel industry after the export

duty announcement. Despite these

challenges, we concentrated our

efforts on optimising the product

mix to achieve the best possible

outcomes given the prevailing

circumstances.

EXPANSION PLANS

While FY23 was marked with external

headwinds, we resolutely continued

with our significant expansion plans.

The much-awaited Environmental

Clearance (EC) for increasing iron

ore production from 1.60 MTPA to

4.50 MTPA including the approval

for 7.0 MTPA Beneficiation Plant and

a Downhill Conveyor System, was

granted on 25 April 2023, this will

bolster our overall growth prospects

and value addition capabilities

within the mining segment. Once the

remaining approvals are obtained,

we will be able to ramp up our mining

operations to the new maximum

permissible limits in FY24, and

subsequently focus on downstream

projects.

Additionally, our 42.9 MW renewable

hybrid solar & wind energy project in

collaboration with ReNew has been

commissioned on 13 June 2023. This

will not only play a pivotal role in

ramping up our Ferroalloys volumes

going forward, but also provide us with

an alternate source of energy thus

strengthening the resilience of this

business segment.

Regarding our Hot Metals project,

we are making significant progress

with extensive site preparation and

development activities currently

underway. This included crucial

tasks such as ground-breaking,

site preparation, levelling works, as

well as the construction of a railway

underbridge at the project site. We will

share more details on the project

going forward.

FINANCIAL PRUDENCE

At SMIORE, we firmly believe in

disciplined capital allocation and focus

on generating stable and growing cash

flows. Our robust balance sheet, with a

‘Net-Debt Free’ position supported by

surplus liquidity, gives us the fortitude

to finance future expansion projects.

Last year we had strategically

expanded our Ferroalloys operations,

and this year we increased the

capacity of our energy generation

portfolio. As we progress with our

expansion plans, both mining and non-

mining projects, we aim to integrate

our existing operations further while

delivering new growth drivers. This

approach positions us as an emerging

integrated player in the metals and

mining space, poised to benefit from

higher value addition and conversion.

SUSTAINABILITY IN

OUR ETHOS

As an organisation, the values

that drive us include - Scientific

Mining & Sustainable Operations;

Adherence to Highest Corporate

Governance Standards; Employee

Welfare & Development; Environment

Preservation & Community

Development. These values are

nothing but what in modern parlance

we call ESG.

Sustainability and Environmental,

Social & Governance (ESG) practices

have always been an integral part of

our DNA at SMIORE.

Our inclusive growth approach reflects

our commitment to improving the living

standards and infrastructure facilities

in the local region, with a strong

emphasis on education, health, training

rural youth for better employability,

providing solar electricity in every

home and street, ensuring clean

drinking water, and sanitation for all.

Over the last few years, we have made

significant progress in transitioning

to clean energy in our operations. We

have converted our thermal power

assets to clean Waste Heat Recovery

Boiler-based energy generation assets,

leading to a substantial reduction in

our emissions and carbon footprint.

Our choice of clean renewable

energy for expanding our Ferroalloys

operations through the hybrid 42.9 MW

project demonstrates our commitment

to a greener future.

Going forward as we scale our

operations, our energy requirements

will naturally increase, and clean

energy will be our first go-to option to

fulfil such requirements.

We are aligning our internal processes

and operations to go even further in

this cause.

We are proud to have raised and

planted in their natural habitat, over

1,00,000 saplings of 50 native plant

species, including Rare, Endemic &

Threatened (RET) and The International

Union for Conservation of Nature

(IUCN) Red Listed species, as part

of our forest ecosystem restoration

initiative in FY23. This reflects our

commitment to conserving biodiversity,

mitigating climate change, and

combating desertification.

This year, we identified and

prioritised our material issues

through stakeholder consultation,

and presented our first Sustainability

Report as well as our maiden Business

Responsibility and Sustainability

Report (BRSR), showcasing our

progress in this domain.

REWARDS AND

RECOGNITION

Our efforts and commitment to

excellence have been recognised

and honoured. We are proud to

receive the Five Star Rating Award

for the eighth consecutive time since

inception. This award, introduced by

the Ministry of Mines, Government

of India, is a testament to our long-

standing commitment to sustainable

development and responsible

mining practices. In addition to

these accolades, SMIORE has also

received various safety awards and

environmental conservation awards,

further solidifying its position as a

responsible corporate entity.

Bahirji Ajai Ghorpade

Managing

Managing Director of the Company

until his last day, leaving behind an

indelible legacy.

YESHWANTRAO

HINDURAO GHORPADE

Visionary

T.R. Raghunandan is a distinguished

expert in policy formulation,

decentralisation, and anti-corruption

measures. With nearly three

decades of experience in executive

and corporate management, and

policy-making positions in the state

and union governments, he has

significantly influenced policies

related to rural development and

panchayat raj. He has also served

as a consultant and advisor to

esteemed international development

agencies, governments, and non-

profit institutions, such as UNDP,

the Swiss Development Corporation

and other prestigious foundations.

Alongside his professional pursuits,

he is a Director and Co-founder

of Avantika Foundation, a non-

profit organisation committed to

building the Museum of Movement,

showcasing India’s transport history.

His passion for vintage cars and

restoration is well-known.

T. R.

RAGHUNANDAN

Chairman

Murarirao Yeshwantrao Ghorpade

(1931-2011) played a pivotal role

in the inception of the Company.

With an academic background

from Cambridge, he embarked on

a remarkable journey with SMIORE,

progressively advancing from

an administrative officer to Joint: Managing Director, and ultimately

taking the helm as Managing Director.

His exceptional leadership extended

till 1999 when he transitioned to

the role of

Managing Director of

MOIL Limited (formerly Manganese

Ore India Limited), and also serves

on the Board of Nava Limited.

G. P. KUNDARGI

Independent

Director

H. L. Shah graduated from N. M.

College of Commerce & Economics,

Mumbai, in 1974. He became a

Chartered Accountant in 1980

and is an associate member of

ICAEW. With around 40 years of

rich experience at A. F. Ferguson

& Co. / Deloitte India, of which he

has served 30 years as a Partner.

Throughout his career, he gained

comprehensive expertise in

managing all aspects of professional

practice, particularly in the Audit and

Assurance function. He has served

Indian and multinational clients,

and his experience includes Euro

Issues, Indian Public Offerings, Due

Diligence, Corporate Governance,

and more.

H. L. SHAH

Independent

Director

Latha Pillai, an esteemed

Independent Director, boasts over

three decades of experience in

higher education as an educational

administrator. Throughout her

career, she has been instrumental in

quality assessment and evaluation,

promotion of women in governance,

and academic leadership. Notably,

she made significant contributions to

institution building while associated

with NAAC between 1994 and 2019.

She has received prestigious awards,

including the Endeavour Australia

Cheung Kong Research Fellowship

by the Australian Government,

Monash University, Melbourne,

Australia; USIA International Visitors

Programme, USA; International

Resident Fellow, University of

Calgary, Canada; and Jawaharlal

Nehru Birth Centenary Award for

2012 by the Indian Science Congress

Association. Her knowledge and

acumen have led to nominations in

various Committees of UGC, MHRD,

FICCI, and CII, among others. She

is presently associated with ICFAI

Group of Institutions as a senior

advisor (Education).

LATHA PILLAI

Independent

Director

Mohammed Abdul Saleem holds

a Bachelor’s Degree in Commerce

(B.Com.) and a Bachelor’s Degree

in Law (LLB). He is also a Fellow

Member of the Institute of Company

Secretaries of India. Since 2005,

he has been an integral part of the

Company. With a background as

a Company Secretary and a law

graduate, he has adeptly managed

secretarial functions for listed

companies, handled legal matters,

represented the Company before

various authorities, judicial, and

quasi-judicial forums, and provided

valuable assistance to esteemed

advocates. Additionally, he has

served as a nominee director of

SMIORE on the boards of a few

companies, significantly contributing

to their revival. With over 24 years of

experience in managerial positions

at the Board level, he was appointed

as Director (Mines) in the Company,

effective April 2020.

MOHAMMED

ABDUL SALEEM

Director (Mines)

26

27

STRATEGIC REVIEW

Strategic Review

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

The Sandur Manganese & Iron Ores Limited

Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

S. S. Rao (DIN: 00150816)

Non-Executive Independent Director

(upto 10 November 2022)

G. P. Kundargi (DIN: 02256516)

Non-Executive Independent Director

Latha Pillai (DIN: 08378473)

Non-Executive Independent Director

Jagadish Rao Kote (DIN: 00521065)

Non-Executive Independent Director

H. L. Shah (DIN: 00996888)

Non-Executive Independent Director

Mohammed Abdul Saleem (DIN: 00061497)

Whole Time Director, Director (Mines)

Chief Financial Officer & Chief Risk Officer

Uttam Kumar Bhageria

Company Secretary & Chief Compliance Officer

Bijan Kumar Dash

Statutory Auditor

Deloitte Haskins & Sells

Chartered Accountants

Firm Regn. No.: 008072S

Prestige Trade Tower, Level 19, 46, Palace Road,

High Grounds, Bengaluru - 560 001, Karnataka

Registrar & Share Transfer Agents

Venture Capital & Corporate Investments Private Limited

“Aurum”, Door No.4-50/P-II/57/4F & 5F,

Plot No.57, 4th & 5th Floors,

Jayabheri Enclave Phase - II,

Gachibowli, Hyderabad - 500 032, Andhra Pradesh

Bankers

Axis Bank Limited

IndusInd Bank Limited

ICICI Bank Limited

RBL Bank Limited

Yes Bank Limited

HDFC Bank Limited

Registered Office

‘Satyalaya’, Door No. 266 (Old No. 80), Ward No. 1,

Behind Taluk Office, Sandur – 583 119,

Ballari District, Karnataka

Corporate Office

‘Sandur House’, No. 9, Bellary Road

Sadashivanagar, Bengaluru – 560 080, Karnataka

Mines Office

Deogiri, Sandur Taluk – 583 112, Bellary District, Karnataka

Plant

Vyasankere, Mariyammana Halli - 583 222,

Hospete Taluk, Vijayanagara District, Karnataka

Audit Committee

G. P. Kundargi, Chairman

T. R. Raghunandan, Member

Latha Pillai, Member

Jagadish Rao Kote, Member

H. L. Shah, Member

Nomination and Remuneration Committee

Latha Pillai, Chairperson

T. R. Raghunandan, Member

G. P. Kundargi, Member

Jagadish Rao Kote, Member

H. L. Shah, Member

Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee

Jagadish Rao Kote, Chairman

Bahirji Ajai Ghorpade, Member

G. P. Kundargi, Member

Latha Pillai, Member

H. L. Shah, Member

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

H. L. Shah, Chairman

T. R. Raghunandan, Member

Bahirji Ajai Ghorpade, Member

Jagadish Rao Kote, Member

Risk Management Committee

T. R. Raghunandan, Chairman

Bahirji Ajai Ghorpade, Member

G. P. Kundargi, Member

Latha Pillai, Member

Jagadish Rao Kote, Member

H. L. Shah, Member

Mohammed Abdul Saleem, Member

Corporate Sustainability Committee

T. R. Raghunandan, Chairman

G. P. Kundargi, Member

Latha Pillai, Member

Mohammed Abdul Saleem, Member

Corporate Identification Number

L85110KA1954PLC000759

Listing

BSE Limited, Mumbai

Company Code: 504918

46

The Sandur Manganese & Iron Ores Limited:

Managing Director, Director

(Mines) and Company Secretary, be and are hereby severally

authorized to do all acts and take all such steps as may be

necessary, proper, or expedient to give effect to this resolution.”

6. Re-appointment of Latha Pillai (DIN: 08378473)

as an Independent Director:

To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution

as a SPECIAL RESOLUTION:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149,

150, 152 read with Schedule IV and other applicable provisions

of the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the Companies

(Appointment and Qualification of Directors), Rules, 2014,

relevant regulations of Securities and Exchange Board of

India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 (Listing Regulations) (including any statutory

modification(s) or re-enactment thereof for the time being in

force) and based on the recommendation of the Nomination

and Remuneration Committee and Board of Directors, Latha

Pillai (DIN: 08378473) who holds office as an Independent

Director up to 7 March 2024, and who has submitted a

declaration that she meets the criteria of independence under

Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing

Regulations and who is eligible for re-appointment as an

Independent Director of the Company, and in respect of whom

the Company has received a notice in writing from a Member

under Section 160(1) of the Act proposing her candidature

for the office of Director, be and is hereby re-appointed as

an Independent Director of the Company, not liable to retire

by rotation, to hold office for a term of 5 (five) consecutive

years commencing from 8 March 2024 to 7 March 2029 (both

days inclusive).

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to the provisions of

sections 149, 197 and other applicable provisions of the Act

and the Rules made thereunder, Latha Pillai shall be entitled

to receive the remuneration/fees/commission as permitted to

be received in a capacity of an Independent Director under

the Act and Listing Regulations, as recommended by the

Nomination and Remuneration Committee and approved by

the Board of Directors, from time to time.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the: Managing

Letter etc., with attested specimen signature of the duly

authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to

the Scrutinizer by e-mail to sathya_acs@yahoo.co.in with

a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in.

8.

The facility for voting during the AGM will also be

made available. Members present in the AGM through

VC/OAVM and who have not cast their vote on the

resolutions through remote e-voting and are otherwise

not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through

the e-voting system during the AGM.

9.

In line with the MCA Circulars and SEBI Circulars, the

Notice along with Annual Report for financial year

2022-23 is being sent to all the Members whose e-mail

addresses are registered with the Company/Depository

Participants (DPs) unless any Member has requested for

a physical copy of the same. The Company shall send

a physical copy of the Annual Report to those Members

who request the same at investors@sandurgroup.com

mentioning their Folio No./DP ID and Client ID.

10. Members may note that the Notice of AGM has been

uploaded on the website of the Company at www.

sandurgroup.com. The Notice can also be accessed from

the website of BSE Limited, the Stock Exchange where

the Company’s shares are listed at www.bseindia.com

and on the website of NSDL (agency for providing the

remote e-voting facility) at www.evoting.nsdl.com.

11.

As per the provisions of Clause 3.A. II. of the General

Circular No. 20/2020 dated 5 May 2020 issued by MCA,

the matters of Special Business as appearing at Item Nos.

5 and 6 of the accompanying Notice, are considered to

be unavoidable by the Board and hence, forming part of

this Notice.

12. The Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel

and their shareholding, maintained under Section 170 of

the Act and the Register of Contracts or Arrangements

in which the Directors are interested, maintained under

Section 189 of the Act, will be available electronically

for inspection by the Members during the AGM. All

documents referred to in the Notice will be available for

48

STATUTORY REPORTS

The Sandur Manganese & Iron Ores Limited:

letter etc. with attested specimen signature of

the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized

to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to sathya_acs@

yahoo.co.in with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in.

Institutional shareholders (i.e., other than individuals,

HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board Resolution/

Power of Attorney/Authority: Letter etc. by clicking on

“Upload Board Resolution/Authority Letter” displayed

under “e-voting” tab in their login.

2.

It is strongly recommended not to share your password

with any other person and take utmost care to keep your

password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will

be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the

correct password. In such an event, you will need to go

through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical

User Reset Password?” option available on www.evoting.

nsdl.com to reset the password.

54

STATUTORY REPORTS

The Sandur Manganese & Iron Ores Limited

letter of appointment of Latha Pillai setting out the terms

and conditions of appointment shall be available for inspection

by the Members electronically. Members seeking to inspect

the same can send an email to investors@sandurgroup.com.

The information pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of the Listing

Regulations and the Secretarial Standard on General Meetings

(SS-2), is given at ‘Annexure A’ to this Notice.

Accordingly, the Board recommends the resolution as

set out in the Item no. 6 for approval of the Members as a

Special Resolution.

Except Latha Pillai, being the appointee, none of the Directors

and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their

relatives are concerned or interested financially or otherwise,

in the said resolution.

57

Strategic Review

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Annual Report 2022-23:

Letter of Offer dated 21 July 2022

i.e., the procurement of power at cheaper cost to operate all the

three existing furnaces of ferroalloy plant and other expansion

activities at Vyasankere, Hosapete Taluk, Vijayanagara District,

Karnataka State has been achieved.

Future Projects

The Company is exploring different strategic possibilities

and evaluating the opportunities from different parameters

in order to sustain growth, achieve substantial market share

and meet its future needs. Future market for the envisaged

products, availability of infrastructure facilities and utilities are

some of the critical aspects that the Company is considering

as part of next phase of expansion into beneficiation of ores,

manufacturing of pellets and setting up an integrated steel

manufacturing facilities. Appropriate decisions in this regard

will be taken by the Company based on the expert opinion,

analysis and evaluation.

The following events occurred till the date of this Report:

Approval for enhancement in Maximum Permissible

Annual Production (MPAP) of Manganese Ore

On 22 February 2023, the Central Empowered Committee

(CEC) constituted by the Hon’ble Supreme Court of India, has

granted approval to the Company, for enhancing the Company’s

Manganese Ore production from 2.86 lakh tonnes to 5.82 lakh

tonnes (5.50 lakh tonnes in Mining Lease No. 2678 and 0.32

lakh tonnes in Mining Lease No. 2679). The CEC has granted

approval after examining in detail the recommendations of the

Technical Committee of the Government of Karnataka and the

report of the Indian Council of Forestry Research & Education,

Ministry of Environment, Forest & Climate Change (MoEFCC)

and keeping in view the Hon’ble Supreme Court’s order dated

13 April 2012 and the Judgements dated 18 April 2013 and

14 December 2017.

Grant of Environmental Clearance (EC) for increase in

Iron Ore production from 1.60 Million Tonnes Per Annum

(MTPA) to 4.50 MTPA along with proposed 7.0 MTPA

Beneficiation Plant and a Downhill Conveyor System

MoEFCC, Government of India, examined the Company’s

application under EIA Notification 2006 and its further

amendments thereto, and after accepting the recommendations

of Expert Appraisal Committee (EAC) during 9th EAC (Non-

Coal Mining) meeting held during January 17-18, 2023 and

12th EAC meeting held on March 21-22, 2023, has accorded

Environmental Clearance on 25 April 2023 for enhancing Iron

Ore production from 1.60 MTPA to 4.50 MTPA, retaining the

Manganese Ore production at 0.582 MTPA. MoEFCC has also

granted approval for the proposed 7.0 MTPA Ore Beneficiation

Plant, 1.2 km Down Hill Conveyor System and 0.15 MTPA

Crushing & Screening Plant of Iron Ore and Manganese Ore in

the Company’s Mining lease area of 1860.10 ha (ML No: 2678).

Approvals

Subsequent to obtaining EC from MoEFCC for enhancement in

production, the Company has applied for combined Consent

For Establishment (CFE) to Karnataka State Pollution Control

Board (KSPCB) seeking enhancement in Iron Ore production

from 1.6 MTPA to 4.5 MTPA, Manganese Ore production from

0.286 MTPA to 0.582 MTPA, setting up a Beneficiation Plant

of 7.0 MTPA and 1.2 km Downhill Conveyor from Kammathuru

Iron Ore mine to PMBR railway siding. On receipt of approval

for Consent for Establishment from KSPCB, the Consent For

Operations (CFO) will be obtained in phased manner for

enhancing the Manganese Ore production from current 0.286

MTPA to 0.582 MTPA followed by Consent for Operations for

enhancement in Iron Ore production from 1.60 to 4.50 MTPA,

Beneficiation Plant and Downhill Conveyor Project.

The Company had represented to CEC on 26 April 2023

seeking enhancement of MPAP of Iron Ore in Mining Lease

No. 2678. The CEC after examining the proposal, advised

Federation of Indian Mineral Industries (FIMI) on 2 June 2023

for compilation of the requisite information to enable Indian

Council of Forestry Research & Education, Dehradun to

prepare Reclamation & Rehabilitation Plans at the enhanced

level of operations.

62

STATUTORY REPORTS

The Sandur Manganese & Iron Ores Limited:

Managing Director, one Whole Time Director,

four Independent Directors (including one Woman Director)

and one Non-Executive Non-Independent Director. The

Chairman of the Board is a Non-Executive Director.

Induction

During the year, the Company has not appointed any Director

or Key Managerial Personnel.

Re-appointments

During the year, the following re-appointments were made by

the Company:

•

Jagadish Rao Kote (DIN: 00521065) was re-appointed

as an Independent Director by the Members of the

Company through Postal Ballot on 17 July 2022, for a

second term of five consecutive years with effect from

27 May 2022 to 26 May 2027. The Board opined that he

is a person of integrity and possess relevant expertise

and experience (including proficiency) and he satisfies

the independence criteria as laid down under the Act and

the Listing Regulations.

•

At the 68th Annual General Meeting (AGM) held on

28 September 2022:

a.

In terms of the provisions of Section 152(6) of the Act,

Mohammed Abdul Saleem (DIN: 00061497), Director

of the Company, liable to retire by rotation and who

65

Strategic Review

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director for a further term

of three years with effect from 1 October 2022 to

30 September 2025.

During the period from 1 April 2023 till the date of this Report,

subject to the approval of the members, the following re-

appointments are proposed to be made:

•

In terms of the provisions of Section 152(6) of the Act,

T. R. Raghunandan (DIN: 03637265), the Director of the

Company is liable to retire by rotation at the ensuing

Annual General Meeting and being eligible, offered

himself for reappointment.

•

The Board at its meeting held on 3 August 2023,

accorded its approval for appointment of Latha Pillai (DIN:

08378473), as an Independent Director of the Company

for a second term with effect from 8 March 2024 to

7 March 2029 (both days inclusive), subject to Members’

approval at the ensuing Annual General Meeting. The

Nomination and Remuneration Committee (NRC) at its

meeting held on 17 May 2023, had reviewed domain

skills, professional experience and industry exposure

of Latha Pillai, Independent Director and noted that

she fulfils the skills/expertise/competencies required

in context of the Company’s business. Thereafter,

the NRC considering the excellent rating assigned to

Latha Pillai during performance evaluation for the year

2022-23, recommended her appointment for a further

period of five consecutive years to the Board as it will be

advantageous and beneficial for the Company. Further,

the Company has received a notice in writing from a

Member proposing her candidature for the office of

Director pursuant to Section 160 of the Act. The Board

opined that she is a person of integrity and possess

relevant expertise and experience (including proficiency)

and she satisfies the independence criteria as laid down

under the Act and the Listing Regulations.

Cessation

During the year, S. S. Rao (DIN: 00150816) ceased to be

the Independent Director of the Company from closure of

business hours on 10 November 2022, upon completion of his

second term. The Board of Directors and the Management of

the Company placed on record their profound appreciation for

the contributions made by S. S. Rao during his association with

the Company over the years.

As on 31 March 2023, the following were the Key Managerial

Personnel of the Company as per Section 2(51) and 203 of

the Act:

•

Bahirji Ajai Ghorpade,: Managing

Managing Director/

Whole Time Director from Holding Company or

Subsidiary Company

During the year under review, the: Managing

Managing Director

DIN: 08452844

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 3 August 2023

Bijan Kumar Dash

Company Secretary &

Chief Compliance Officer

Uttam Kumar Bhageria

Chief Financial Officer &

Chief Risk Officer

76

STATUTORY REPORTS

The Sandur Manganese & Iron Ores Limited:

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this report.

79

Strategic Review

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Annual Report 2022-23:

letter.

(1)

Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. My responsibility is to express

an opinion on these secretarial records based on my audit.

(2)

I have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness

of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that true facts are reflected in

secretarial records. I believe that the processes and practices I followed provide a reasonable basis to strengthen my opinion.

(3)

I have not verified the accuracy, correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of accounts of the Company.

(4)

Wherever required, I have obtained the management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations

and happening of events etc.

(5)

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility

of Management. My examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

(6)

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness

with which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 17 May 2023

Name and Signature:

Designation:

N.D Satish

Practicing Company Secretary

FCS No. 10003; CP No. 12400

80

STATUTORY REPORTS

The Sandur Manganese & Iron Ores Limited:

letter reference dated October 7, 2022.

2.

We, Deloitte Haskins & Sells, Chartered Accountants, the

Statutory Auditors of The Sandur Manganese & Iron Ores

Limited (“the Company”), have examined the compliance

of conditions of Corporate Governance by the Company,

for the year ended on 31 March 2023, as stipulated in

regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of regulation

46(2) and para C and D of Schedule V of the SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 (the “Listing Regulations”).

Managements’ Responsibility

3.

The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is

the responsibility of the Management. This responsibility

includes the design, implementation, and maintenance of

internal control and procedures to ensure the compliance

with the conditions of the Corporate Governance

stipulated in Listing Regulations.

Auditor’s Responsibility

4.

Our responsibility is limited to examining the procedures

and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for

ensuring compliance with the conditions of the Corporate

Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of

opinion on the financial statements of the Company.

5.

We have examined the books of account and other

relevant records and documents maintained by the

Company for the purposes of providing reasonable

assurance on the compliance with Corporate Governance

requirements by the Company.

6.

We have carried out an examination of the relevant

records of the Company in accordance with the Guidance

Note on Certification of Corporate Governance issued by

the Institute of the Chartered Accountants of India (the

ICAI), the Standards on Auditing specified under Section

143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, in so far as applicable

for the purpose of this certificate and as per the Guidance

Note on Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes

issued by the ICAI which requires that we comply with

the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by

the ICAI.

7.

We have complied with the relevant applicable

requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1,

Quality Control for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews

of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance

and Related Services Engagements.

Opinion

8.

Based on our examination of the relevant records

and according to the information and explanations

provided to us, and the representations provided by

the Management, we certify that the Company has

complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance

as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i)

of regulation 46(2) and para C and D of Schedule V of

the Listing Regulations during the year ended 31 March

2023.

9.

We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as

to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or

effectiveness with which the Management has conducted

the affairs of the Company.

For Deloitte Haskins & Sells

Chartered Accountants

(Firm’s Registration No. 008072S)

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 3 August 2023

Monisha Parikh

Partner

(Membership No.: 047840)

81

Strategic Review

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

3

3

4.

S. S. Rao*

Member Independent

Director

3

2

5.

Jagadish Rao Kote

Member Independent

Director

3

3

* S. S. Rao ceased to be the member of Corporate Social Responsibility Committee w.e.f., closure of business hours on

10 November 2022.

3. Web-link where composition of CSR Committee, CSR Policy and CSR Projects approved by the

Board are disclosed on the website of the Company:

•

The composition of the CSR committee is available on the Company’s website, at https://www.sandurgroup.com/board-

of-directors-committees.

•

The Committee, with the approval of the Board, has adopted the CSR Policy as required under Section 135 of the

Companies Act, 2013. The CSR Policy of the Company is available on the Company’s website, at https://www.sandurgroup.

com/policy.

•

The Board, based on the recommendation of the CSR committee has approved the annual action plan/projects for the

financial year, the details of which are available on the Company’s website, at https://www.sandurgroup.com/annual-

action-plans.

82

STATUTORY REPORTS

The Sandur Manganese & Iron Ores Limited:

Managing Director

DIN: 08452844

H. L. Shah

Chairman of CSR Committee

DIN: 00996888

84

STATUTORY REPORTS

The Sandur Manganese & Iron Ores Limited:

letter of SMIORE signifies one pillar correlating to a core value, conveying a

healthy relationship with the Company’s belief system of GATE (Governance, Accountability, Transparency and Equality).

The Company strongly believes that having a robust governance structure is the stepping stone for every milestone ahead. The

Company further believes that Corporate Governance is not only a principle that the organization follows but it’s a way of life

that is embedded in its behaviour and culture. The robust system of Corporate Governance practices of the Company reflects

the value system encompassing its ethos, culture, principles, policies, openness and relationship with internal and external

stakeholders. Towards this, the Company has adopted various codes and policies so as to conduct the affairs of the Company in

a fair and transparent manner.

The Report on Corporate Governance is pursuant to Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V of SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (Listing Regulations). The Company has complied with the applicable requirements

of the Listing Regulations and amendments thereto.

Board of Directors

The Board of Directors act as a governing body for the Company’s operations so as to protect the rights of all the stakeholders of

the Company. The Company recognizes and embraces the importance of a diverse Board in its success. The Board of Directors

of the Company with their vast diversity of knowledge and expertise, provide leadership and guidance to the management,

thereby enhancing stakeholders value.

Composition and Category of Directors:

The Company believes in a diversified Board with a mixed blend of experiences, expertise, and professionals. The Board of the

Company is duly constituted with optimum combination of Executive and Non-Executive, Independent and Non-Independent

Directors which is in conformity with Regulation 17 of Listing Regulations read with Sections 149 and 152 of the Companies Act,

2013 (the Act). As on 31 March 2023, the Board comprised of seven members consisting of four Independent Directors, one Non-

Executive Non-Independent Director and two Executive Directors.

SIX PILLARS OF THE COMPANY’S CODE OF CONDUCT

Straight

forwardness

Morality

Integrity

Obligation

Responsi

bility

Equality

88

STATUTORY REPORTS

The Sandur Manganese & Iron Ores Limited:

Managing Director, prepares agenda for the meetings.

The Agenda and other related papers were circulated to

the Directors in advance to enable them to take informed

decisions. Every Board member can suggest the inclusion of

additional items in the agenda.

The information as specified in Part A of Schedule II of the

Listing Regulations is being regularly placed before the

Board. The Board further reviews the declaration made by

the: Managing Director and the Company Secretary regarding

compliance with all laws applicable to the Company on a

quarterly basis. At Board meetings, Senior Management

Personnel and representatives who can provide additional

insights into the items being discussed, are invited. The Board

members are expected to rigorously prepare for, attend and

participate in Board and Committee meetings.

During the financial year 2022-23, the Board met eight times

i.e., 10 April 2022, 18 May 2022, 6 July 2022, 21 July 2022,

11 August 2022, 10 November 2022, 9 February 2023 and

24 March 2023. The time gap between any two successive

Board meetings did not exceed one hundred and twenty days.

The requisite quorum was present for all the meetings.

Attendance of each Director at the Board meetings and the last Annual General Meeting:

The particulars of Directors, their attendance at Board meetings held during the financial year and at the last Annual General

Meeting (AGM) held through Video- Conferencing/Other Audio -Visual Means are as under:

Name of the Director

Category of Directorship

Attendance during financial year 2022-23

Board meetings

AGM

Yes (Y)/No (N)

Number of

meetings held

Number of

meetings attended

T. R. Raghunandan

Non-Executive Director/

Managing Director and the Executive Director

do not serve as Independent Directors in any other

listed Company;

d)

None of the Directors held directorships in more

than 20 Indian companies, with more than 10 public

limited companies;

e)

None of the Directors on the Board is a member of

more than 10 committees or Chairman of 5 committees

(committees being Audit Committee and Stakeholders

Relationship Committee) across all public companies in

India, in which he/she is a Director.

90

STATUTORY REPORTS

The Sandur Manganese & Iron Ores Limited:

letter

of appointment issued to Independent Director outlines his/

her role, function, duties and responsibilities and the same is

placed on the Company’s website at https://www.sandurgroup.

com/policies.

The Company strives to provide updates to its Directors by

making periodic presentations at the Board and the Committee

meetings on various topics like Regulatory Updates,

Company’s operations, sustainability, performance updates,

industry scenario, business strategy, risk management etc.

The details of familiarization programmes imparted to the

Independent Directors are put up on the website of the

Company and can be accessed at https://www.sandurgroup.

com/policies.

91

Strategic Review

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director;

2.

Mohammed Abdul Saleem, Director (Mines);

3.

Aditya S. Ghorpade, President (Business Development);

4.

Uttam Kumar Bhageria, Chief Financial Officer & Chief

Risk Officer;

5.

Bijan Kumar Dash, Company Secretary & Chief

Compliance Officer.

During the year, the Senior Management of the Company

did not enter into any material financial and commercial

transaction in which they had personal interest that may have

had potential conflict with the interest of the Company at large.

Board Committees:

As required under the Act and the Listing Regulations, the

Company has constituted the following statutory committees:

1.

Audit Committee;

2.

Nomination and Remuneration Committee;

3.

Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee;

4.

Risk Management Committee;

5.

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee.

In addition to the above, the Board has formed a Corporate

Sustainability Committee to inter-alia monitor compliance of the

conditions prescribed in the Environmental Clearance, Forest

Clearance, Consent For Establishment/Consent For Operation

for the Mines and the Plant, Supplementary Environment

Management Plan etc. The Board had also constituted Rights

Issue Committee during the financial year 2022-23 to decide

detailed terms and conditions of the Company’s Rights Issue

and matters connected or incidental thereto. The Right

Issue Committee automatically dissolved after completion

of Rights Issue formalities in all aspects and the same was

taken note of at the meeting of the Board of Directors held on

10 November 2022.

The Company Secretary of the Company is acting as

the Secretary for each of the Committees. The quorum

for Committee meetings has been as per the Act and

Listing Regulations.

Audit Committee:

The Audit Committee has been constituted in accordance with Section 177 of the Act and Regulation 18 of the Listing Regulations.

The Audit Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities for financial reporting, overseeing transactions

with related parties, inter-corporate loans and investments, recommending auditor appointments, evaluating internal financial

controls and risk management systems, reviewing adequacy of internal audit function and overseeing the vigil mechanism.

Terms of Reference

The terms of reference of the Audit Committee is in line with the regulatory requirements mandated by

the Act and Part C of Schedule II of the Listing Regulations which shall inter-alia include:

1.

oversight of financial reporting process and the disclosure of its financial information to ensure that

the financial statement is correct, sufficient and credible;

2.

recommendation for appointment, remuneration and terms of appointment of auditors;

3.

approval of payment to statutory auditors for any other services rendered by the statutory auditors;

4.

reviewing, with the management, the annual financial statements and auditor’s report thereon

before submission to the Board for approval, with particular reference to:

a.

matters required to be included in the director’s responsibility statement to be included in

the Board’s report in terms of clause (c) of sub-Section (3) of Section 134 of the Companies

Act, 2013;

b.

changes, if any, in accounting policies and practices and reasons for the same;

c.

major accounting entries involving estimates based on the exercise of judgment

by management;

d.

significant adjustments made in the financial statements arising out of audit findings;

92

STATUTORY REPORTS

The Sandur Manganese & Iron Ores Limited:

Managing Director, Director (Mines), Chief

Financial Officer, and the respective departmental heads, wherever required. The Statutory Auditors and

Internal Auditors also attend the Audit Committee meetings by invitation for specific items.

Nomination and Remuneration Committee:

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee is duly constituted in accordance with the provisions of Section 178 of the Act and

Regulation 19 of the Listing Regulations. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee inter-alia considers and recommends to

the Board, the appointment, re-appointment and remuneration payable to Directors, KMP’s and Senior Management Personnel.

Terms of Reference

The terms of reference of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee is in line with the regulatory

requirements mandated by the Act and Part D Para A of Schedule II of the Listing Regulations which shall

inter-alia include:

1.

formulation of the criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence of

a director and recommend to the Board of directors a policy relating to, the remuneration of the

directors, key managerial personnel and other employees;

2.

for every appointment of Independent Director, evaluate the balance of skills, knowledge and

experience on the Board and on the basis of such evaluation, prepare a description of the role and

capabilities required of an Independent Director;

3.

ensure that the person recommended to the Board for appointment as an Independent Director

shall have the capabilities identified in such description. For the purpose of identifying suitable

candidates, the Committee may:

a.

use the services of an external agencies, if required;

b.

consider candidates from a wide range of backgrounds, having due regard to diversity; and

c.

consider the time commitments of the candidates;

4.

formulation of criteria for evaluation of performance of independent directors and the Board

of Directors;

5.

devising a policy on diversity of Board of Directors;

6.

identifying persons who are qualified to become directors and who may be appointed in senior

management in accordance with the criteria laid down, and recommend to the Board of Directors

their appointment and removal;

7.

whether to extend or continue the term of appointment of the Independent Director, on the basis of

the report of performance evaluation of Independent Directors;

8.

recommend to the Board, all remuneration, in whatever form, payable to senior management.

94

STATUTORY REPORTS

The Sandur Manganese & Iron Ores Limited:

Managing Director

108.36

226.60

29.26

25.00

As per the: letter

of appointment

Mohammed

Abdul Saleem

Managing Director

4

4

G. P. Kundargi

Member

Non-Executive

Independent Director

4

4

Latha Pillai

Member

Non-Executive

Independent Director

4

3

H. L. Shah

Member

Non-Executive

Independent Director

4

4

The Chairman of the Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee is an Independent Director.

97

Strategic Review

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

2

2

G. P. Kundargi

Member

Non-Executive

Independent Director

2

2

Latha Pillai

Member

Non-Executive

Independent Director

2

2

Jagadish Rao Kote

Member

Non-Executive

Independent Director

2

2

H. L. Shah

Member

Non-Executive

Independent Director

2

2

Mohammed

Abdul Saleem

Member

Executive Director/

Director (Mines)

2

2

* S. S. Rao ceased to be the member of Risk Management Committee w.e.f., closure of business hours

on 10 November 2022.

# Consequent to the cessation of S. S. Rao from the directorship of the Company, T. R. Raghunandan was

elected as the Chairman of the Risk Management Committee w.e.f., 11 November 2022 by the Board of

Directors of the Company at its meeting held on 10 November 2022.

The Chairman of the Risk Management Committee is a Non-Executive Director.

Meetings

The Risk Management Committee met two times during the financial year, on 21 July 2022 and 17 January

2023. The interval between any two successive meetings did not exceed the stipulated timeline of one

hundred and eighty days. The meetings are scheduled well in advance.

The Board at its 348th meeting held on 28 June 2021 had approved Risk Management Policy. A statement on development and

implementation of Risk Management Policy of the Company has been delineated in the Board’s Report. In terms of Regulation 21

of the Listing Regulations, the Risk Management Committee in its meeting held on 9 February 2022, has appointed Uttam Kumar

Bhageria as Chief Risk Officer in addition to his role as Chief Financial Officer.

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee:

The Corporate Social Responsibility Committee is duly constituted in accordance with the provisions of Section 135 of the Act. The

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee assists the Board in formulating the CSR Policy and recommending and monitoring of

CSR expenditure.

Terms of Reference

The terms of reference of the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee inter-alia include:

1.

Formulate and recommend to the Board, a Corporate Social Responsibility Policy which shall indicate

the activities to be undertaken by the Company in areas or subject, specified in Schedule VII;

2.

Recommend the amount of expenditure to be incurred on the activities;

3.

Recommend annual action plan to the Board;

4.

Institute a monitoring mechanism for implementation of the CSR projects or programs or activities

undertaken by the Company; and

5.

Any other function as is mandated by the Board from time to time.

99

Strategic Review

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

3

3

S. S. Rao*

Member

Non-Executive

Independent Director

3

2

Jagadish Rao Kote

Member

Non-Executive

Independent Director

3

3

* S. S. Rao ceased to be the member of Corporate Social Responsibility Committee w.e.f., closure of

business hours on 10 November 2022.

The Chairman of the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee is a Non-Executive Director.

Meetings

The Corporate Social Responsibility Committee met three times during the financial year, on 18 May

2022, 10 November 2022 and 24 March 2023. The meetings are scheduled well in advance.

Corporate Sustainability Committee:

The Corporate Sustainability Committee is constituted by the Board to monitor compliance of the conditions prescribed in the

Environmental Clearances, Forest Clearances, Consent For Establishment, Consent For Operation and so on for the Mines and

the Plant of the Company. The Committee further monitors compliance with the Supplementary Environment Management Plan

(generally referred as R&R) prescribed for the Mines in accordance with the directions of the Hon’ble Supreme Court in a Public

Interest Litigation (PIL) filed as Writ Petition No.562/2009.

Terms of Reference

The terms of reference of the Corporate Sustainability Committee inter-alia include:

1.

Laying down guidelines for Environment Management Plan for each of the businesses of

the Company;

2.

Review compliance and status of various conditions laid down by different statutory authorities

while according approvals such as Environmental Clearance, Forest Clearance, Consent For

Establishment, Consent For Operation, etc.;

3.

Review Sustainable Development Framework (SDF) requirements stipulated by the Indian Bureau

of Mines and considered for Star Rating of the Mines;

4.

Annually assess the Business Responsibility performance of the Company;

5.

Any other function as is mandated by the Board from time to time.

Composition and

attendance at the

meetings held

during the year

The names of the Directors who constitute the Corporate Sustainability Committee and their attendance

at the meetings held during the year are given below:

Name

Designation

Category

No. of meetings

held during

the tenure

No. of meetings

attended

T. R. Raghunandan

Chairman

Non-Executive

Director

1

1

S. S. Rao*

Member

Non-Executive

Independent Director

1

1

G. P. Kundargi

Member

Non-Executive

Independent Director

1

1

Latha Pillai

Member

Non-Executive

Independent Director

1

1

100

STATUTORY REPORTS

The Sandur Manganese & Iron Ores Limited:

Managing Director for a tenure of

three years from 1 October 2022

• Increase in borrowing limits from ` 1,200 crore

to ` 4,000 crore or the aggregate of the paid-up

capital, free reserves and securities premium of the

Company, whichever is higher

• Creation

of

charges/mortgages/hypothecations

on the moveable and immovable properties of

the Company, both present and future, in respect

of borrowings

• Authorisation to Board of Directors to give loan,

provide guarantee or security and to make investment

under Section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013

67th AGM

Through Video

Conferencing/

Other Audio-Visual

Means (VC/OAVM)

22 September 2021 at

11.00 A.M.

Re-appointment of G. P. Kundargi (DIN: 02256516) as

an Independent Director

66th AGM

Through Video

Conferencing/

Other Audio-Visual

Means (VC/OAVM)

23 September 2020 at

11.00 A.M

To appoint Bahirji Ajai Ghorpade as: Managing

Managing Director.

•

Internal Auditors of the Company make quarterly

presentations to the Audit Committee on their reports.

Details of utilization of funds raised through

preferential allotment or qualified institutions

placement as specified under regulation 32(7a):

The Company has not raised any funds through preferential

allotment or qualified institutions placement.

Instances where the Board has not accepted any

recommendation of any Committee of the Board

which is mandatorily required, in the relevant

financial year:

All the recommendations of the Audit Committee have been

accepted by the Board of Directors.

Total fees for all services paid by the listed entity

and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, to the

Statutory Auditor and all entities in the network

firm/network entity of which the Statutory Auditor

is a part:

M/s. R. Subramanian and Company LLP, Chartered Accountants,

Chennai (Firm Registration No. 004137S/S200041) had been

appointed as the Statutory Auditors of the Company from the

conclusion of 63rd AGM till the conclusion of 68th AGM of the

Company held in the financial year 2022-23. Accordingly, R.

Subramanian and Company LLP completed its term of five

years at the conclusion of 68th AGM.

The Members of the Company have appointed M/s. Deloitte

Haskins & Sells, Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration

No. 008072S) as the Statutory Auditors of the Company from

the conclusion of 68th AGM till the conclusion of 73rd AGM of

the Company.

108

STATUTORY REPORTS

The Sandur Manganese & Iron Ores Limited:

Managing Director (MD)/Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) have certified to the Board in

accordance with Regulation 17(8) of the Listing Regulations for the financial year 2022-23. The CEO/CFO certification is appended

as ‘Annexure C’ to the Report.

Affirmation of compliance with Code of Conduct:

In compliance with Regulation 17(5) of the Listing Regulations, the Company has framed and adopted the Code of Conduct for

Board Members and Senior Management Personnel (Code of Conduct). The Code of Conduct is available on the Company’s

website at https://www.sandurgroup.com/policies.

All members of the Board of Directors and Senior Management Personnel have affirmed compliance with the Code of Conduct.

A certificate to this effect, signed by the: Managing Director is appended as ‘Annexure D’ to the Report.

Certificate on Corporate Governance:

A compliance certificate from Deloitte Haskins & Sells, Statutory Auditors of the Company, pursuant to Schedule V of the Listing

Regulations regarding the compliance of conditions of corporate governance, is annexed with Board’s Report.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 3 August 2023

T. R. Raghunandan

Managing Director

08452844

01/04/2020

3.

Gururaj Pandurang Kundargi

Non-Executive

Independent Director

02256516

12/11/2016

4.

Latha Pillai

Non-Executive

Independent Director

08378473

08/03/2019

5.

Jagadish Rao Kote

Non-Executive

Independent Director

00521065

27/05/2019

6.

Hemendra Laxmidas Shah

Non-Executive

Independent Director

00996888

27/05/2019

7.

Mohammed Abdul Saleem

Executive Director

00061497

01/04/2020

Ensuring the eligibility of for the appointment/continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management of

the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on our verification. This certificate is neither an assurance

as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the

affairs of the Company.

Name: N.D. Satish

Designation: Practising Company Secretary

Membership No.: FCS No.10003

CP No.: 12400

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 3 August 2023

112

STATUTORY REPORTS

The Sandur Manganese & Iron Ores Limited:

Managing Director and Uttam Kumar Bhageria, Chief Financial Officer & Chief Risk Officer, certify that:

a)

We have reviewed financial statements and the cash flow statement For the year ended 31 March 2023 that to the best of

our knowledge and belief:

i)

These statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements that

might be misleading; and

ii)

These statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with existing

accounting standards, applicable laws and regulation.

b)

There are to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the year, which are

fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company’s code of conduct.

c)

We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that we have evaluated

the effectiveness of the internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting, deficiencies in the design

or operation of such internal controls, if any, of which we are aware, have been disclosed to the auditors and the Audit

Committee and steps have been taken or propose to be taken to rectify these deficiencies.

d)

We have indicated to the Auditors and Audit Committee:

(i)

Significant changes, if any, in internal control over financial reporting during the year under reference;

(ii)

Significant changes, if any, in accounting policies during the year requiring disclosures in the notes to the financial

statements; and

(iii) Instances of significant frauds, if any, during the year with involvement therein, of the management or any employee

having a significant role in the Company’s internal control system over financial reporting.

For The Sandur Manganese & Iron Ores Limited

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 17 May 2023

Bahirji Ajai Ghorpade: Managing

Managing Director do hereby certify and confirm that the Company has obtained from all the members of

the Board and Senior Management, affirmation of their compliance with the Code of Conduct for Directors and Senior Management

in respect of the financial year 2022-23.

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 17 May 2023

Bahirji Ajai Ghorpade: Managing

letter

• Employee wellbeing

• Business ethics

• Diversity & inclusion

• Health & safety

• Training &

development

• Sustainable

workplace

• Compensation

• Succession planning

Villagers/Community

No

• Day-to-day

interactions &meetings

• Local initiatives and

volunteering activities

• CSR activities, Donations

and sponsorship

• Website

As and when required

• Environmental

impact

• Community

Wellbeing

• Industry practices

PRINCIPLE 4: BUSINESSES SHOULD RESPECT THE INTERESTS OF AND BE RESPONSIVE TO ALL ITS

STAKEHOLDERS

Essential Indicators

1. Describe the processes for identifying key stakeholder groups of the entity.

From the inception the Company depends on and deal with various external and internal parties to seamlessly perform the

Company’s operation. SMIORE maintains a dynamic and strategic stakeholder engagement process at its offices where it

identifies key stakeholder groups from the larger universe of all possible stakeholders. This is done after considering the

material influence each group has on the Company’s ability to create value (and vice-versa). Through this mechanism, the

Company has currently identified seven stakeholder groups: Shareholders, Board of Directors, Employees, Villagers/Local

communities, Customers, Government Bodies, Supplier/Business partners.

133

Strategic Review

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Annual Report 2022-23:

letter through respective HR departments. The issue once registered is duly addressed through a High

Level Committee constituted for the purpose. The Company has also constituted a Works Committee and a Welfare Committee

for the purpose.

6. Number of Complaints on the following made by employees and workers:

FY 2022-23

(Current Financial Year)

FY 2021-22

(Previous Financial Year)

Filed during

the year

Pending

resolution at

the end of

year

Remarks

Filed during

the year

Pending

resolution at

the end of

year

Remarks

Sexual Harassment

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Discrimination

at workplace

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Child Labour

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Forced Labour/

Involuntary

Labour

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Wages

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Other human rights

related issues

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

7. Mechanisms to prevent adverse consequences to the complainant in discrimination and harassment cases:

The Company has adopted different policies in order to prevent adverse consequences to the complaint in discrimination and

harassment case. The details of policies are.

Code of Conduct

Whistle Blower Policy

8. Do human rights requirements form part of your business agreements and contracts? (Yes/No)

Yes

136

STATUTORY REPORTS

The Sandur Manganese & Iron Ores Limited:

letter of credit

are held in the name of the Company based on the

confirmations directly received by us from custodian.

(d) The Company has not revalued any of its property,

plant and equipment (including right of use assets)

and intangible assets during the year.

(e) No proceedings have been initiated during the

year or are pending against the Company as at 31

March 2023 for holding any benami property under

the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (as

amended in 2016) and rules made thereunder.

(ii) (a) The inventories except for (goods-in-transit and

stocks held with third parties), were physically verified

during the year by the Management at reasonable

intervals. In our opinion and based on information

and explanations given to us, the coverage and

procedure of such verification by the Management is

appropriate having regard to the size of the Company

and the nature of its operations. For stocks held with

third parties as at the year end, written confirmations

have been obtained and in respect of goods in

transit, the goods have been received subsequent

to the year end. No discrepancies of 10% or more

in the aggregate for each class of inventories were

noticed on such physical verification of inventories

performed as applicable, when compared with the

books of account.

(b) According to the information and explanations given

to us, the Company has been sanctioned working

capital limits in excess of ` 5 crore, in aggregate, at

points of time during the year, from banks or financial

institutions on the basis of security of current assets.

In our opinion and according to the information

and explanations given to us, quarterly returns or

statements comprising stock statements, statements

on ageing analysis of the debtors filed by the

Company with such banks are in agreement with the

unaudited books of account of the Company of the

respective quarters.

(iii) The Company has made investments in, granted unsecured loans, to companies, firms, Limited

Liability Partnerships or any other parties during the year, in respect of which:

(a)

The Company has provided loans during the year and details of which are given below:

` in lakh

Loans

A. Aggregate amount provided during the year

- Loan to employees

1,042.49

B. Balance outstanding as at balance sheet date in respect of above cases*:

- Loan to employees

151.00

*The Company has disclosed the above loan balance in note 9 to the standalone financial statements.

155

Strategic Review

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

DIN: 08452844

Bijan Kumar Dash

Company Secretary &

Chief Compliance Officer

Uttam Kumar Bhageria

Chief Financial Officer &

Chief Risk Officer

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 17 May 2023

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 17 May 2023

160

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Sandur Manganese & Iron Ores Limited:

Managing Director

DIN: 08452844

Bijan Kumar Dash

Company Secretary &

Chief Compliance Officer

Uttam Kumar Bhageria

Chief Financial Officer &

Chief Risk Officer

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 17 May 2023

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 17 May 2023

161

Strategic Review

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

DIN: 08452844

Bijan Kumar Dash

Company Secretary &

Chief Compliance Officer

Uttam Kumar Bhageria

Chief Financial Officer &

Chief Risk Officer

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 17 May 2023

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 17 May 2023

164

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Sandur Manganese & Iron Ores Limited:

Managing Director

DIN: 08452844

Bijan Kumar Dash

Company Secretary &

Chief Compliance Officer

Uttam Kumar Bhageria

Chief Financial Officer &

Chief Risk Officer

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 17 May 2023

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 17 May 2023

166

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Sandur Manganese & Iron Ores Limited:

Managing Director

(b) Mohammed Abdul Saleem, Director (Mines)

(c) Uttam Kumar Bhageria, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Risk Officer

(w.e.f. 15 September 2021)

(d) Sachin Sanu, Chief Financial Officer (Up to 15 September 2021)

(e) Bijan Kumar Dash, Company Secretary (w.e.f. 1 March 2021)

Non-Executive Directors

(a) Thoniparambil Raghavan Raghunandan

(b) Seshagiri Rao Sattiraju (up to 10 November 2022)

(c) Gururaj Pandurang Kundargi

(d) Latha Pillai

(e) Jagadish Rao Kote

(f) Hemendra Laxmidas Shah

3.

Key Managerial Personnel of

Parent Company

(a) V. Balasubramanian

(b) Suryaprabha Ajai Ghorpade

(c) Aditi Raja

(d) K. Raman

(e) Bahirji Ajai Ghorpade

(f) Prakash Kumbar

4.

Relative of KMP

(a) Ajai Murarirao Ghorpade

(b) Ekambar Ajai Ghorpade

(c) Dr. Nazima Banu

(d) Mohammed Abdul Raheem

201

Strategic Review

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Annual Report 2022-23

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements (contd.)

for the year ended 31 March 2023:

Managing Director

DIN: 08452844

Bijan Kumar Dash

Company Secretary &

Chief Compliance Officer

Uttam Kumar Bhageria

Chief Financial Officer &

Chief Risk Officer

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 17 May 2023

1 Debt includes current and non current portion of lease

liabilities.

2 Earnings for debt service includes net profit after taxes and

non-cash operating expenses like depreciation, profit/loss on

sale of property, plant and equipment, etc.

3 Debt service includes interest & lease payments.

4 Revenue from operations means gross credit sales after

deducting sales return.

5 Total purchases means gross credit purchases after deducting

purchase return. Gross credit purchases includes other

expenses.

6 Working capital is calculated by deducting current liabilities

from current assets.

7 Capital employed is calculated by Net worth + total debt +

deferred tax liability - Intangible asset

Notes:

(a) Repayment of debt has resulted in an improvement in

the ratio.

(b) Decrease in profit has resulted in a detoriation in the ratio.

(c) Decrease in revenue and increase in trade receivables

has resulted in a decrease in the ratio.

(d) Change in mix of mutual fund portfolio from equity to

liquid resulted in a detoriation in the ratio.

(e) Decrease in the trade payable has resulted in an

improvement in the ratio.

Note No. 47:

The standalone financial statements of the Company were

approved by the Board of Directors and authorised for issue

on 17 May 2023.

Note No. 48: Previous year figures

Previous years figures has been regrouped/reclassified

wherever

necessary

to

correspond

with

current

year classification/disclosure.

Ratio

Numerator

Denominator

31-Mar-2023

31-Mar-2022

% Variance

Remarks

Net capital

turnover ratio

Revenue from

operations4

Working capital6

2.10

2.34

(10.05%)

NA

Net profit ratio

Net profit

after taxes

Revenue from

operations

12.74%

30.02%

(57.55%)

Refer

note (b)

Return on capital

employed

Earnings before

interest and tax

Capital employed7

18.03%

48.18%

(62.57%)

Refer

note (b)

Return on

investment

Income generated

from investments

Weighted

average Investments

2.41%

5.02%

(52.08%)

Refer

note (d)

214

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Sandur Manganese & Iron Ores Limited

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements (contd.)

for the year ended 31 March 2023:

Managing Director

DIN: 08452844

Bijan Kumar Dash

Company Secretary &

Chief Compliance Officer

Uttam Kumar Bhageria

Chief Financial Officer &

Chief Risk Officer

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 17 May 2023

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 17 May 2023

223

Strategic Review

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

DIN: 08452844

Bijan Kumar Dash

Company Secretary &

Chief Compliance Officer

Uttam Kumar Bhageria

Chief Financial Officer &

Chief Risk Officer

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 17 May 2023

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 17 May 2023

224

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Sandur Manganese & Iron Ores Limited:

Managing Director

DIN: 08452844

Bijan Kumar Dash

Company Secretary &

Chief Compliance Officer

Uttam Kumar Bhageria

Chief Financial Officer &

Chief Risk Officer

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 17 May 2023

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 17 May 2023

226

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Sandur Manganese & Iron Ores Limited:

Managing Director

DIN: 08452844

Bijan Kumar Dash

Company Secretary &

Chief Compliance Officer

Uttam Kumar Bhageria

Chief Financial Officer &

Chief Risk Officer

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 17 May 2023

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 17 May 2023

227

Strategic Review

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

(b) Mohammed Abdul Saleem, Director (Mines)

(c) Uttam Kumar Bhageria, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Risk Officer

(w.e.f. 15 September 2021)

(d) Sachin Sanu, Chief Financial Officer (Up to 15 September 2021)

(e) Bijan Kumar Dash, Company Secretary (w.e.f. 1 March 2021)

2.

Key Managerial Personnel (KMP)

Non - Executive Directors

(a) Thoniparambil Raghavan Raghunandan

(b) Seshagiri Rao Sattiraju (up to 10 November 2022)

(c) Gururaj Pandurang Kundargi

(d) Latha Pillai

(e) Jagadish Rao Kote

(f) Hemendra Laxmidas Shah

3.

Key Managerial Personnel of

Parent Company

(a) V. Balasubramanian

(b) Suryaprabha Ajai Ghorpade

(c) Aditi Raja

(d) K. Raman

(e) Bahirji Ajai Ghorpade

(f) Prakash Kumbar

4.

Relative of KMP

(a) Ajai Murarirao Ghorpade

(b) Ekambar Ajai Ghorpade

(c) Dr. Nazima Banu

(d) Mohammed Abdul Raheem

(e) Yashodara S Ghorpade

(f) Aditya Shivrao Ghorpade

(g) Dhananjai Shivarao Ghorpade

(h) S. Y. Ghorpade

5.

Entity over which Key

Managerial Personnel

or their relative have

significant influence

(a) Shivavilas Trust

(b) Shivapur Trust

(c) Skandapur Trust

(d) Lohagiri Industrial Private Limited (w.e.f. 5 July 2021)

(e) Sandur Laminates Limited (w.e.f. 9 August 2021)

(ii) Compensated absences (Unfunded)

The defined benefit obligations which are provided for but not funded are as under:

` in lakh

Particulars

As at

31 March 2023

Compensated absences

- Current

72.10

- Non-current

451.84

Total

523.94

The actuarial valuation has been carried out using projected unit credit method based on assumptions given in respect of

gratuity valuation.

260

The Sandur Manganese & Iron Ores Limited

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (contd.)

for the year ended 31 March 2023

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

Managing Director

DIN: 08452844

Bijan Kumar Dash

Company Secretary &

Chief Compliance Officer

Uttam Kumar Bhageria

Chief Financial Officer &

Chief Risk Officer

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 17 May 2023

271

Strategic Review

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Annual Report 2022-23

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (contd.)

for the year ended 31 March 2023:

