LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

PAGE - 20

AUDITORS & BANKERS

PAGE - 54

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND

ANALYSIS REPORT

PAGE - 152

COMMENTS OF C&AG

ON SFS

PAGE - 09

PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS

PAGE - 21

TEN YEARS AT A GLANCE,

VALUE ADDED/APPLIED &

SHARE HOLDING PATTERN

PAGE - 67

STANDALONE FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS (SFS)

PAGE - 153

SECRETARIAL AUDIT

REPORT

PAGE - 18

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

PAGE - 27

BOARD’S REPORT

PAGE - 132

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’

REPORT ON SFS

PAGE - 156

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

REPORT:

Letter to

Shareholders...

Shareholders...

Shareholders...

Shareholders...: Dear Shareholders,

It is my honour to present the Annual Report of your

Company for the Financial Year 2022-23. I hope you and your

families are in good health and safe.

As I write my fi rst annual shareholder letter as

letter dated 18th November,

2021 w.e.f. 1st January, 2017 notionally and the actual payment

was made w.e.f. 1st April, 2020. In case of Non-executive

employees, the wages including perks were finalized/ revised

in bipartite forum of National Joint Committee for Steel

Industry (NJCS) with the approval of Ministry of Steel on

18th November, 2021. The pay scales have been implemented

notionally w.e.f. 1st January, 2017 and the actual payment

was made w.e.f. 1st April, 2020. The Perks and Allowances

under Cafeteria Approach have been implemented w.e.f.

18th November, 2021. In terms of notification dated 5th June,

2015 issued by Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Government of

India, the provisions of section 197 of the Companies Act,

2013 are not applicable to Government Companies. As such,

the disclosures to be made in the Board’s Report in respect

of overall maximum managerial remuneration and managerial

remuneration in case of absence or inadequacy of profits are

not included in this Report.

Initiatives for Socio-economic Development of SCs /STs &

Other Weaker Sections of the Society

SAIL Plants and Units including Mines are situated in

economically backward regions of the Country with

predominant SC/ST population. Your Company has made

commendable contribution to the overall development

of civic, medical, educational and other facilities in these

regions. Some of the contributions are:

•

Establishment of SAIL Steel Plants in economically

backward areas has given a fillip to the economic

activities, thus, benefiting the population in the

peripheral areas with different types of services. Steel

Townships developed by SAIL have the best of medical,

education and civic facilities and are like an oasis for

the local Scheduled Castes, Scheduled Tribes and other

population who share the benefits of prosperity and

development along with SAIL employees.

•

Recruitment of non-executive employees, around 83% of

the total employees, is carried out mainly on regional level

and hence, a large number of SCs/STs and other weaker

section of the society get the benefit of employment in

SAIL.

•

Over the years, a large group of ancillary industries have

also developed in the vicinity of Steel Plants. This has

created opportunities for local unemployed persons for

jobs and development of entrepreneurship.

•

For jobs of temporary & intermittent nature, generally

contractors are engaged for executing job contracts

wherein they deploy workmen from the local areas,

which again provides an opportunity for employment of

local candidates from economically weaker section.

•

ur Company has undertaken several initiatives for the

socio-economic development of SCs/STs and other

weaker sections of the society which are mainly as under:

•

Special Schools have been started exclusively for poor,

underprivileged children at five Integrated Steel Plant

locations. The facilities provided include free education,

mid-day meals, uniforms including shoes, text books,

stationery items, school bags, water bottles and

transportation in some cases.

•

No tuition fee is charged from SC/ST students studying

in the Company run schools, whether they are SAIL

employees’ wards or non-employees’ wards.

•

Free medical health centres have been set up at Bhilai,

Durgapur, Rourkela, Bokaro and Burnpur (Gutgutpara)

providing free medical consultation, medicines, etc. to

the peripheral population mainly comprising of SC/ST

and weaker sections of society.

•

SAIL Plants have adopted tribal children. They are being

provided free education, uniforms, text books, stationery,

meals, boarding, lodging and medical facilities for their

overall growth at residential hostels, Saranda Suvan

Chhatravas, Gyanodaya Hostel and an exclusive Gyan

Jyoti Yojana for the nearly extinct Birhor Tribe.:

letter, generating Area

Pass request for entry of sales related vehicles in Plant

premises for lifting of materials and approved online by

respective shippers, shutdown requisitions, employee

services, patient feedback, etc. Further, barcoding has

been implemented to automate processing of medical

booklets, issuance of gate pass to contract workers,

maintenance of machineries, etc.

•

Government e Marketplace (GeM) has been successfully

integrated with ERP at few Integrated Steel Plants to

reduce manual intervention.

•

AI theme based Sia, (Smart & Intelligent Assistant) has

been introduced to answer queries of employees related

to Circulars, Policies, URL for applications, etc.

•

To improve Safety Awareness, Safety Portal has been

implemented with online features including Near Miss

cases recording, Safety inspections, Safety training, etc.

•

Contactless

Facial

Recognition

Biometric

system

introduced for attendance of employees.

•

SAP-ERP has been extended to Mines operated by Bhilai

Steel Plant.

Corporate Communication

In today’s fast-paced, interconnected business milieu, the

essence of communication cannot be overstated. It forms

the backbone of corporate structures; both tangible and

intangible, allowing companies like SAIL to build and

sustain robust brand identities, foster lasting relationships

and chart a course towards unassailable success. This is

achieved through meticulous, engaging and comprehensive

communication strategies. Your Company believes in the

power of meaningful conversations-with the employees,

customers, investors, suppliers and the community at large.:

letter of credit

of respective contracts, whichever is earlier.

Export incentives under various schemes are

recognised as income when the right to receive arises

and the realisation of the same is not considered

uncertain.

Interest and dividend income

Interest income is accrued on a time proportion basis,

by reference to the principal amount outstanding

and the effective interest rate applicable.

Dividend income is recognised when the right to

receive dividend is established.

3.13 Adjustment pertaining to Earlier Years

Material

prior

period

errors

are

corrected

retrospectively by restating the comparative amounts

for the prior periods presented in which the error

occurred. If the error occurred before the earliest

period presented, the opening of assets, liabilities

and equity for the earliest period presented, are

restated.

3.14 Claims for Liquidated Damages and Price

Escalation

Claims for liquidated damages are accounted for as

and when these are considered recoverable by the

Company. These are adjusted to the capital cost or

recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss, as the

case may be.

Suppliers’ and Contractors’ claims for price escalation

are accounted for to the extent such claims are

accepted by the Company.

3.15 Leases

At the inception of a contract, the Company assesses

whether a contract is, or contains a lease based on

whether the contract conveys the right to control

the use of an identified asset for a period of time in

exchange for consideration.

Company as a Lessee

The Company recognises a right-of-use asset and

a lease liability at the lease commencement date

except for short-term leases of twelve months or less

and leases for which the underlying asset is of low

value, which are expensed in the statement of Profit

& Loss on a straight-line basis over the lease term.The

right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost, which

comprises the initial amount of the lease liability

adjusted for any lease payments made at or before

the commencement date, plus any initial direct

costs incurred and an estimate of costs to dismantle

and remove the underlying asset or to restore the

underlying asset or the site on which it is located, less

any lease incentives received.

The right-of-use asset is subsequently depreciated

using

the

straight-line

method

from

the

commencement date to the earlier of the end of the

useful life of the right-of-use asset or the end of the

lease term. Certain lease arrangements include the

options to extend the lease term. Right-of use assets

and lease liabilities include these options when it

is reasonably certain that they will be exercised.

The estimated useful lives of right-of-use assets are

determined on the same basis as those of property,

plant and equipment. In addition, the right-of-

use asset is periodically reviewed for indicators of

impairment and reduced by impairment losses, if

any, and adjusted for certain re-measurements of the

lease liability.

The lease liability is initially measured at the present

value of the lease payments that are not paid at

the commencement date, discounted based on the

interest rate implicit in the lease or if that rate cannot

be readily determined, the Company’s incremental

borrowing rate.

The lease liability is measured at amortised cost using

the effective interest method. It is remeasured when

there is a change in future lease payments arising

from a change in an index or rate, if there is a change

in the Company’s estimate of the amount expected to

be payable under a residual value guarantee, or if the

Company changes its assessment of whether it will

exercise a purchase, extension or termination option.

When the lease liability is re measured, a

corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying

amount of the right-of-use asset, or is recorded in

profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-

use asset has been reduced to zero.

Company as a Lessor

Finance leases

Leases which effectively transfer to the lessee

substantially all the risks and rewards incidental

to ownership of the leased item are classified and

accounted for as finance lease. Lease rental receipts

are apportioned between the finance income and

capital repayment based on the implicit rate of

return. Contingent rents are recognised as revenue in

the period in which they are earned.

Operating leases

Leases in which the Company does not transfer:

letter dated 29.01.2021 clarified

MMGC Rule, 2015 do not provide for payment of the

additional amount for extension of mining leases

granted to a Government Company. Pending disposal

of the matter by the Hon’ble High Court of Jharkhand,

an amount of ₹5241.88 crores (₹4526.00 crore as on

31st March, 2022) has been disclosed as contingent

liability in Note No. 47.1(i)(h) above.:

letter No.-11-

599/ 2014-FC dated 1st April 2015 issued revised

Guidelines for diversion of Forest Land for non-

forest purpose under the Forest (Conservation)

Act, 1980 (FC Act). These revised Guidelines

stipulated that in case of existing mining leases

having Forest Land (partially or fully), where

approval for only a part of forest land has

been obtained under the FC Act, the Central

Government accorded general approval under

Section-2(iii) of the FC Act for the remaining

area also to be Forest Land, subject to certain

conditions, which includes realising Net Present

Value (NPV) for the entire forest land falling in the

mining lease, in case NPV of such forest land has

not already been realised.

In this matter, as per legal opinion obtained by

the Company, Section 2 (iii) of FC Act, 1980 will

not apply to Government Corporation and NPV

is required to be paid only for that limited area,

which has been approved by MoEF& CC and in

which mining activities are proposed to be done

and not for the entire forest area. The matter

of applicability of NPV for total forest land has

been challenged by the Company in Hon’ble

High Court of Jharkhand. The Hon’ble Court, in

its order, has directed to place the matter before

Division Bench of this Court.

A writ petition has also been filed in the Hon’ble

high Court of Chhattisgarh against the demand

of ₹96.28 crores received during 2017-18 from

the Office of Principal Chief Conservator of Forest,

Chhattisgarh, in which the Hon’ble High Court

of Chhattisgarh awarded judgement in favour of

Chhattisgarh Government.

The Company has deposited ₹96.28 crores with

Principal Chief Conservator of Forest, Chhattisgarh

and a Special Leave Petition has been filed in

Hon’ble Supreme Court of India against the

order of Hon’ble High Court of Chhattisgarh. The

disputed amount of ₹96.28 (previous year: ₹96.28

crore) crore has been disclosed under contingent

liability in Note no.47.1.(i)(e).

(ii) Chhattisgarh

State

enacted

Chhattisgarh

(Adhosanrachna

Vikas

ewam

Paryaawaran)

Upkar Adhiniyam, 2005 and levied Cess on the

mineral extracted in the State of Chhattisgarh.

BSP has filed a writ petition in the High Court

of Chhattisgarh challenging the enactment as

ultra vires. However, BSP has deposited ₹212.96

crore under protest till March, 2023 and shown

as deposit with Government Department. Total

disputed amount of ₹212.96 crore (previous year

₹190.80 crore) is disclosed under contingent

liability in Note no.47. 1.(i) (e).

47.6

Pursuant to the Hon’ble Supreme Court Judgment

dated 2nd August, 2017 in the Common Cause matter

regarding illegal mining, demand/Show cause notices

have been issued for recovery of the price of minerals

produced without and beyond the environmental

clearances under Section 21(5) of Mines and Mineral

Development Regulation Act, 1957, forest clearance

under the Forest Conservation Act 1980, and towards

excess production beyond consent to operate. The

Company has challenged the purported demand

before the High Court of Jharkhand and Odisha and

obtained stay on demand.

(a) As the matter is pending for final determination

and considering the implication of existing

litigation, the Company has provided:

(i) In respect of Iron Ore, by the Government

of Odisha and Government of Jharkhand

amounting to ₹386.33 crore and ₹2847.52

crore (₹345.03 crore and ₹2573.03 crore as

on 31st March, 2022) respectively (including

interest). Based on internal assessment, the

Company has provided an amount of ₹329.67

crore (₹329.67 crore as on 31st March, 2022) on

estimated basis. Balance amount of ₹2904.18

crore (₹2588.39 crore as on 31st March, 2022)

(including interest) has been treated as

contingent liability in Note No. 47.1(i)(h).

(ii) In respect of Flux, by the Government of

Jharkhand & Odisha amounting to ₹59.03

crore (₹52.35 crore as on 31st March 2022)

(including

interest).

Based

on

internal

assessment, the Company has provided an

amount of ₹6.86 crore (₹6.86 crore as on 31st

March 2022) on estimated basis. Balance

amount of ₹52.17 crore (₹45.49 crore as on

31st March 2022) (including interest) has been

treated as contingent liability in Note No.

47.1(i)(h) above.:

letter dated 18.05.2020.

By the aforesaid award, Tribunal allowed claim no.

1 and 2 of the Claimant w.r.t. differential amount

pertaining to transportation charges of Argon from

DSP BOO Plant to ASP based upon market rate claimed

by the Claimant and refund of withheld/ deducted

amount by ASP from the bills of the Claimant on

account of merchant market sale of Oxygen, Nitrogen

and Argon respectively along with applicable interest

thereon, out of the total claimed amount.

SAIL ASP is in the process of 2nd stage of litigation and

filed a petition before the Commercial Court, Asansol,

for setting aside the award under Section 34 of the

Arbitration and Conciliation Act 1996 (the Act), as the

issues pertain to patent illegality committed by the

Tribunal while giving the award.

In view of above and based on the amount quantified

by the tribunal, the net disputed liability of ₹6.56

crore as on 31st March, 2023 (previous year: ₹10.92

crore) including interest, has been shown under

Contingent Liability in Note No. 47.1(i)(b) above.:

letter dated 26th August 2022 in exercise of

the powers conferred by Section 139 of the Companies Act

2013 (“Act”). We were appointed as statutory/ joint statutory/

Branch auditors of the Company as per Annexure – II for

Consolidation of SAIL Accounts and respective units. As such,

we are required to ensure compliance with the provisions of

Section 143 of the Act. As per the provisions of Section 143(8)

of the Act, “the branch auditor shall prepare a report on the

accounts of the branch examined by him and send it to the

auditor of the company who shall deal with it in his report in

such manner as he considers necessary”.

Accordingly, the auditor’s report of the respective units

audited by the joint statutory auditors - Tej, Raj & Pal, S.

Jaykishan and KASG & Co. and the units audited by the

branch auditors was issued in compliance with SA 700. The

financial statements of the respective units are prepared in

accordance with general purpose framework. Examples of

special purpose frameworks as provided in paragraph A1

of SA 800 are not applicable to the financial statements of

the respective units. Reference may also be made to the

publication on “Guidance note on Bank Audit” issued by

ICAI wherein the illustrative format of report of the Branch

Auditor of a bank is drafted in compliance with SA 700.

Further, the joint statutory auditors - Tej, Raj & Pal, S. Jaykishan

and KASG & Co. – are of the view that financial statements

of the branch cannot be considered as “carve-out financial

statements” in respect of a “carve-out business” referred to in

the Guidance Note on Combined and Carved out Financial

Statements.

The situations warranting the preparation of combined/

carve-out financial statements, as indicated in paragraph

13 of the Guidance Note, do not apply to the financial

statements of the respective units. Paragraph 13 suggests

that the carve-out financial statements are required pursuant

to the specific requirements of the management in scenarios

where a restructuring of a division is undertaken.:

letter of even date which is

annexed as “Annexure A” and forms an integral part of this

report.:

letter.

1.

Maintenance

of

secretarial

records

is

the

responsibility of the management of the Company.

Our Responsibility is to express an opinion on these

secretarial records, based on our inspection of records

produced before us for Audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes

as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance

about the correctness of the contents of the

secretarial records. The verification was done on

test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in

secretarial records. We believe that the processes and

practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for

our opinion.

3.

We

have

not

verified

the

correctness

and

appropriateness of financial records and Books of

Accounts of the Company and our report is not

covering

observations/comments/

weaknesses

already pointed out by the other Auditors.

4.

Wherever

required,

we

have

obtained

the

Management representation about the compliance

of laws, rules and regulations, happening of events,

etc.

5.

The Compliance of the provisions of corporate and

other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is

the responsibility of management. Our examination

was limited to the verification of procedures on test

basis and to give our opinion whether Company has

proper Board-processes and Compliance-mechanism

in place or not.

6.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance

as to future viability of the Company nor of the

efficacy or effectiveness with which the management

has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Agarwal S. & Associates,

Company Secretaries,

ICSI Unique Code: P2003DE049100

Peer Review Cert. No.: 2725/2022

Sd/-

Garima Grover

Partner

ACS No. : 27100

CP No. : 23626

Place: New Delhi

Date: 15.07.2023:

letter no. 3(4)/2007-SAIL (PC)(Pt) dated

25th September, 2020, Government of India (GoI),

Ministry of Steel (MoS) has conveyed the sanctioned

strength of the Board of Directors as under:

(i) Nine Functional Directors including the Chairman

&: Managing Director and four Director In-charges

for Integrated Steel Plants;

(ii) Two Government Nominee Directors; and

(iii) Eleven Independent Directors as per the SEBI

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015.

As on 31st March, 2023, the Board of Directors

comprised of a full time

Letter

of

appointment

to

Independent

Directors: SAIL being a Government Company,

Directors on its Board are nominated/appointed

by the Government of India. During the FY 2022-

23, one Independent Director was nominated

by the Government of India on the Board of the

Company. The: letter of appointment intimating

the roles, duties, responsibilities, was issued to

the Independent

letter dated 18th November, 2021 w.e.f. 1st January,

2017 notionally and the actual payment was made

w.e.f. 1st April, 2020. In case of Non-executive

employees, the wages including perks were

finalized/revised in bipartite forum of National

Joint Committee for Steel Industry (NJCS) with the

approval of Ministry of Steel on 18th November,

2021. The pay scales have been implemented

notionally w.e.f. 1st January, 2017 and the actual

payment was made w.e.f. 1st April, 2020. The Perks

and Allowances under Cafeteria Approach have

been implemented w.e.f.18th November, 2021.

(ix) The Independent Directors have submitted the

declaration of independence, as required under

Regulation 25(8) of the SEBI Listing Regulations

read with Section 149(7) of the Companies

Act, 2013 stating that they meet the criteria of

independence as provided in Regulation 16(1)

(b) of the SEBI Listing regulations read with sub-

section (6) of Section 149 of the Companies Act,

2013 and have confirmed that they are not aware

of any circumstance or situation which exists or

may be reasonably anticipated that could impair

or impact their ability to discharge their duties.

The same has been taken on record by the Board.

(x) Code of Conduct: The Board has laid down a

Code of Conduct covering the requirements to

be complied with by all the Board Members and

Senior Management Personnel of the Company.

An affirmation of compliance with the Code is

received from them on annual basis. The Code of

Conduct has been placed on the website of the

Company - www.sail.co.in.

(xi) Policy on Related Party Transactions: In terms

of the Listing Agreement, the Board of Directors of

the Company has adopted a Policy on Related Party

Transactions. The Policy is placed on the website of

the Company - www.sail.co.in. There was no related

party transaction that may have any potential

conflict with the interests of the Company.

(xii) Policy on Material Subsidiaries: The Board of

Directors of the Company has adopted a Policy for

determination of Material Subsidiaries. The Policy

is placed on the website of the Company - www.

sail.co.in. The Company did not have any Material

Subsidiary during 2022-23.

(xiii) Dividend Distribution Policy: In terms of the

Regulation 43A of SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the

Board of Directors of the Company has adopted

Dividend Distribution Policy and the same is placed

on the website of the Company- www.sail.co.in.

(xiv) The financial statements are signed by the

Chairman and Director (Finance) of the Company,

who are CEO and CFO respectively of the Company.

(xv) Steel Authority of India Limited (SAIL) being a

Government Company under the control of its

administrative Ministry viz. Ministry of Steel, all

the Directors of the Company viz. Whole-time,

Independent Directors, Nominee Directors are

appointed/ nominated by the Ministry of Steel.

The skills/expertise/competencies as required

in the context of business and areas pertaining

to the Company are identified by Government

of India. Further, selection of Directors on the

Board of SAIL is made by Government of India/

Ministry of Steel as per their defined procedures

and rules in vogue. In this regard, skills/ expertise/

competence of the Directors on the Board of SAIL

is mentioned below::

letter dated 27th October 2022

2.

We have examined the compliance of conditions of corporate governance by Steel Authority of India Limited (‘the

Company’) for the year ended on 31st March 2023, as stipulated in Regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) of Regulation

46(2), and paragraphs C, D and E of Schedule V of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’).

Management’s Responsibility

3.

The compliance of conditions of corporate governance is the responsibility of the management. This responsibility

includes the designing, implementing and maintaining operating effectiveness of internal control to ensure compliance

with the conditions of corporate governance as stipulated in the Listing Regulations.

Auditor’s Responsibility

4.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Listing Regulations, our responsibility is to express a reasonable assurance in the

form of an opinion as to whether the Company has complied with the conditions of corporate governance as stated in

paragraph 2 above. Our responsibility is limited to examining the procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by

the Company for ensuring the compliance with the conditions of corporate governance. It is neither an audit nor an

expression of opinion on the financial statements of the Company.

5.

We have examined the relevant records of the Company in accordance with the applicable Generally Accepted Auditing

Standards in India, the Guidance Note on Certification of Corporate Governance issued by the Institute of Chartered

Accountants of India (‘ICAI’), and Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes issued by the ICAI which

requires that we comply with the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.

6.

We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control

for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance and Related Services

Engagements.

Qualified opinion

7.

Based on the procedures performed by us and to the best of our information and according to the explanations provided

to us, in our opinion, the Company has complied, in all material respects, with the conditions of corporate governance as

stipulated in the Listing Regulations during the year ended 31st March 2023, subject to the following:

a. Regulation 17(1)(a): The requirement of minimum number of Non-Executive Directors in the composition of Board

of Directors from 12th November 2022 to 31st March 2023.

b. Regulation 17(1)(b): The requirement of minimum number of Independent Directors in the composition of Board

of Directors during the period 1st April 2022 to 31st March 2023.

We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or effectiveness

with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Restriction on use

8.

This certificate is issued solely for the purpose of complying with the aforesaid regulations and may not be suitable for

any other purpose.

For Tej Raj & Pal

Chartered Accountants

Firm Registration No. 304124E

For S. Jaykishan

Chartered Accountants

Firm Registration No. 309005E

For Walker Chandiok & Co LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm Registration No. 001076N/N500013

For K A S G & Co.

Chartered Accountants

Firm Registration No. 002228C

Sd/-

CA. Dinakar Mohanty

Partner

M.No. 059390

UDIN : 23059390BGWJBH2245

Place : New Delhi

Sd/-

CA. Ritesh Agarwal

Partner

M.No. 062410

UDIN : 23062410BGUPQM1050

Place : New Delhi

Sd/-

CA. Nalin Jain

Partner

M.No. 503498

UDIN : 23503498BGRGCV6468

Place : New Delhi

Sd/-

CA. Raj Kumar Agarwal

Partner

M.No. 073063

UDIN : 23073063BGXAOY9711

Place : New Delhi

Date: 8th August 2023:

letter to Shareholders of the Annual Report FY 2022-23.

8.

Details of the highest authority responsible for

implementation and oversight of the Business

Responsibility policy (ies).

The Board is at the Apex of the Governance Framework at SAIL. The management of issues

pertaining to economic, environmental and social areas are taken up by various Plants/

Units regularly. The Plant/Unit heads review and monitor the status reports in conjunction

with the agenda papers. These reports are prepared with the valuable inputs provided

by the respective departments/divisions, on the economic, environment and social

performances including legal compliance and are regularly and methodically put up to

the Board Sub Committees for examination, comments and recommendations. The input

and observations of the Board Sub Committees are examined and analyzed by the top

management. The Board is informed about these observations which subsequently helps

in business decision making.

9.

Does the entity have a specified Committee of the

Board/ Director responsible for decision making on

sustainability related issues? (Yes/No). If yes, provide

details.

Yes. The following Committees of the Board with their specific terms of reference are in

place to ensure decision making/review of sustainability related issues –

•

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

•

Health, Safety & Environment Committee

•

Stakeholders Relationship Committee

•

Operational Issues Committee

•

Project Committee

•

SAIL Risk Management Committee

10. Details of Review of NGRBCs by the Company:

Subject for Review

Indicate whether review was undertaken

by Director / Committee of the Board/

Any other Committee

Frequency (Annually/ Half yearly/

Quarterly/ Any other – please specify)

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

Performance against above policies and follow up action

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

N

Y

Y

Need basis

Compliance with statutory requirements of relevance to the

principles, and certification of any non-compliances

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

N

Y

Y

Need basis

11. Has the entity carried out independent assessment/ evaluation of the working of its policies by an external agency? (Yes/No). If yes, provide

name of the agency.

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

SAIL has not conducted any independent assessment/evaluation of the working of its policies by any external agency. However, SAIL, being a government

company, is subject to review & audit by C&AG of India across various areas/functions of the organization which also encompasses various policies as per

the NGRBC guidelines. Material Non- compliances find mention in their report and placed in the Parliament. The processes and compliances are reviewed

by internal auditors and regulatory compliances , as applicable. Further, SAIL has rich technical expertise in its domain of operations and accordingly peer

review is being done by their other plants. From a best practices perspective as well as from a risk perspective, policies are periodically evaluated and

updated. An internal assessment of the workings of the policies is being done at regular intervals. Additionally, SAIL has engaged Safety Management

Consultant for safety culture transformation at its Plants in Bhilai, Rourkela & Bokaro and is in the process of being followed up in other Steel plants.

12. If answer to question (1) above is “No” i.e., not all Principles are covered by a policy, reasons to be stated:

Questions

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

The entity does not consider the principles material to its business (Yes/No)

N/A

The entity is not at a stage where it is in a position to formulate and implement the

policies on specified principles (Yes/No)

The entity does not have the financial or/human and technical resources available

for the task (Yes/No)

It is planned to be done in the next financial year (Yes/No)

Any other reason (please specify)

N/A - Not Applicable

Principle-Wise Policies

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

Code of conduct

for Board members &

Senior Management

Personnel

Sustainable

Develop-

ment Policy

Safety Policy Grievance Redressal

Mechanism

Code of conduct

for Board members &

Senior Management

Personnel

Corporate

Environment

Policy

Citizen

Charter

Corporate

Social

Responsi-

bility Policy

Quality

Policy

Anti-Bribery

Management Policy

Corporate

Environment

Policy

SAIL Medi-

claim

Scheme

for Retired

Employees

Code of Conduct

Corporate Fair

Disclosure Practices

for Prevention of

Insider Trading

Recruitment &

Remuneration Policy

Sustainable

Development

Policy

Environ-

ment and

Sustaina-

bility

Policy

Information

Technology

Security

Policy:

letter

dated 21.03.2023 asked for consolidated details of reclamation

carried out and status of reclaimed forest land

Through email to

MoEFCC via MoS

on 06.04.2023

N

NA

10.

Comments on the report of Joint Committee on Forest

(Conservation) Amendment Bill 2023 circulated by Ministry of

Steel, GoI on 09.05.2023

Through email to

Ministry of Steel,

GoI on 15.05.2023

N

NA

11.

Comments/suggestions on “Amendments of the Second

Schedules of the MMDR Act for specifying rate of royalty in

respect of Rare Earth Elements (REEs) and Lithium-Circulated by

Ministry of Mines , GoI on 18.05.2023

Through email to

Ministry of Mines,

GoI via MoS on

26.05.2023

N

NA

12.

Consultation on amendment of the Minerals (Other than Atomic

and Hydro Carbons Energy Minerals) Concession Rules, 2016

(MCR, 2016) on the issue of double incidence of royalty due

to inclusion of royalty in the calculation of ASP circulated by

Ministry of Mines GoI on 02.06.2023.

Through email to

Ministry of Mines,

GoI via MoS on

19.06.2023

N

NA

NA - Not Available

Principle 8: Businesses should promote inclusive growth and equitable development

Essential Indicators

1.

Details of Social Impact Assessments (SIA) of projects undertaken by the entity based on applicable laws, in the

current financial year.

Name and brief

of project

SIA Notification

No.

Date of

notification

Whether conducted by

independent external agency (Y/N)

Results communicated

in public domain (Y/N)

Relevant Web

Link

Not Applicable

None of the projects undertaken by SAIL in FY 2022-23 required Social Impact Assessments (SIA). In terms of the Companies

(CSR Policy) Amendment Rules, 2021, effective from 22/1/2021; Rule 8(3)(a) : CSR projects having outlays of one crore

rupees or more, and which have been completed not less than one year before undertaking the impact study; need to

be considered for impact assessment through an independent agency. Therefore, the impact study of the CSR projects

undertaken in the FY 2022-23 has not been initiated, as the outlay of no single project is one crore rupees or more.

2.

Provide information on project(s) for which ongoing Rehabilitation and Resettlement (R&R) is being undertaken

by your entity, in the following format:

S.

No

Name of Project for which R&R

is ongoing

State

District

No. of project affected

families (PAFs)

% of PAFs covered

under R&R

Amount paid to PAFs

in the FY (In INR)

1

Dalli Rajhara-Rowghat Railway

Line Project

Chhattisgarh

Uttar Bastar

Kanker

133

103 (77.4%)

Nil

2

Dalli Rajhara-Rowghat Railway

Line Project

Chhattisgarh

Balod

44

37 (84.1%)

Nil

3.

Describe the mechanisms to receive and redress grievances of the community.

SAIL has a diverse and multi-dimensional approach to get feedback from the communities via holding regular community

meetings, periodic interaction with municipalities and Town administrative committees and active engagement with

the local society so as to understand if their views, issues, complaints and grievances related to the interventions.

Centralised Public Grievance Redress and Monitoring System (CPGRAMS) is an online platform available to the citizens

24x7 to lodge their grievances to the public authorities on any subject related to service delivery. CPGRAMS is also

accessible to the citizens through standalone mobile application downloadable through Google Play store and mobile

application integrated with UMANG.

The status of the grievance filed in CPGRAMS can be tracked with the unique registration ID provided at the time of

registration of the complainant. CPGRAMS also provides appeal facility to the citizens if they are not satisfied with the

resolution by the Grievance Officer. After closure of grievance if the complainant is not satisfied with the resolution, he/

she can provide feedback. If the rating is ‘Poor’ the option to file an appeal is enabled. The status of the Appeal can also

be tracked by the petitioner with the grievance registration number.:

letter or even on telephone at nearest Branch Sales Office,

not necessarily the branch from where the material was lifted originally. In the case of telephonic complaint, the

executive concerned in the Branch Sales Office or the executive attending the telephone call request the customer to

furnish detailed information to facilitate immediate settlement of the complaint.

2.

Turnover of products and/services as a percentage of turnover from all products/service that carry information

about:

As a percentage to total turnover

Environmental and social parameters relevant to the product

The Company provides all the necessary information for all the products as

required under the applicable statute.

Safe and responsible usage

Recycling and/or safe disposal

3.

Number of consumer complaints in respect of the following:

Particulars

FY 2023-23

Remarks

FY 2021-22

Remarks

Received

during the year

Pending resolution

at end of year

Received

during the year

Pending resolution

at end of year

Data privacy

0

0

-

0

0

-

Advertising

0

0

-

0

0

-

Cyber security

0

0

-

0

0

-

Delivery of essential services

0

0

-

0

0

-

Restrictive Trade Practices

0

0

-

0

0

-

Unfair Trade Practices

0

0

-

0

0

-

Others (Settlement of Quality

Complaint from Customers)

1793

9

-

1183

28

-

4.

Details of instances of product recalls on account of safety issues:

Number

Reasons for recall

Voluntary calls

Nil. There have not been any instances of product recalls due to safety issues.

Forced calls

5.

Does the company/entity have a framework/ policy on cyber security and risks related to data privacy? (Yes/No)

If available, provide a web-link of the policy.

The Information Technology Policy at SAIL has a robust approach towards matters relating to data privacy and cyber security.

It includes matters concerning Information sensitivity, Acceptable use policy, Server security policy, Network infrastructure

security policy, Database password Policy, Extranet Policy, Acceptable encryption policy, Dial-in access security policy, and

Anti-virus policy.

For more details, please refer to the policy link: IT Security Policy.

6.

Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway on issues relating to advertising, and delivery of

essential services; cyber security and data privacy of customers; re-occurrence of instances of product recalls;

penalty / action taken by regulatory authorities on safety of products / services.

There were no complaints on issues relating to advertising, and delivery of essential services; cyber security and data

privacy of customers; re-occurrence of instances of product recalls; penalty / action taken by regulatory authorities on

safety of products / services. Hence corrective actions were not required.:

letter dated 29.01.2021 clarified

MMGC Rule, 2015 do not provide for payment of

the additional amount for extension of mining leases

granted to a Government Company. Pending disposal

of the matter by the Hon’ble High Court of Jharkhand,

an amount of `5241.88crores (`4526.00 crore as on

31st March, 2022) has been disclosed as contingent

liability in Note No. 47.1(i) above.

47.4

In its judgement, the Central Administrative Tribunal

(CAT), Kolkata has directed that Ministry of Steel

shall consider the aspect of payment of arrears of

revised perks and allowances and take appropriate

decision for payment of revised perks and allowances

amounting to `309.34 crore (previous year: `309.34

crore) to the executives for the period from 26.11.2008

to 4.10.2009. Ministry of Steel intimated the matter to

the Group on 7.12.2016. A stay petition in the matter

has been filed on 22.12.2016 and is pending before

the Hon’ble Calcutta High Court. As the matter is sub-

judice, the amount has been disclosed as Contingent

Liability in Note No. 47.1 above.

47.5

(i) The Ministry of Environment & Forest and Climate

Change (MoEF& CC) vide their: letter No.-11-

599/ 2014-FC dated 1st April 2015 issued revised

Guidelines for diversion of Forest Land for non-

forest purpose under the Forest (Conservation)

Act, 1980 (FC Act). These revised Guidelines

stipulated that in case of existing mining leases

having Forest Land (partially or fully), where

approval for only a part of forest land has

been obtained under the FC Act, the Central

Government accorded general approval under

Section-2(iii) of the FC Act for the remaining

area also to be Forest Land, subject to certain

conditions, which includes realising Net Present

Value (NPV) for the entire forest land falling in the

mining lease, in case NPV of such forest land has

not already been realised.

In this matter, as per legal opinion obtained

by the Group, Section 2 (iii) of FC Act, 1980 will

not apply to Government Corporation and NPV

is required to be paid only for that limited area,

which has been approved by MoEF& CC and in

which mining activities are proposed to be done

and not for the entire forest area. The matter of

applicability of NPV for total forest land has been

challenged by the Group in Hon’ble High Court

of Jharkhand. The Hon’ble Court, in its order,

has directed to place the matter before Division

Bench of this Court.

A writ petition has also been filed in the Hon’ble

high Court of Chhattisgarh against the demand

of `96.28 crores received during 2017-18 from

letter dated 18.05.2020.

By the aforesaid award, Tribunal allowed claim no.

1 and 2 of the Claimant w.r.t. differential amount:

letter SRCL/

Mines/2021-22/041 dated 01.10.2021 for

change of ownership in the name of SRCL

The Sub-Registrar Office, Kushal Nagar replied

vide: letter dated 26.10.2021 stating that SRCL

have to contact / approach the TahsildarTaluk

office, Kushalnagara .

Since then we are following up with the

Tahsildar Taluk Office, Kushalnagara for

transfer of lands in the name of SRCL.

3.

Lease Hold

Land

G.O.No.853-

Red Hills

Magnesite and

Dunite Mines

1538.67 acres

BSCL

No

Since

16.12.2011

3) Subsequent to obtaining the EC, the

Lease will be granted in the name of SRCL.

4.

Lease Hold

Land

G.O.No.51-

Jaghir

Magnesite

Mines

250.44 acres

BSCL

No

Since

16.12.2011

4) The Govt. of Tamil Nadu has taken over

the 246.203 acres of Lease Hold Land.

The balance land available is only 4.237

acres. The Govt. of Tamil Nadu has not yet

corrected the Lease Hold Land area.

5.

Lease Hold

Land

G.O.No.679-

A. S. Jaghir

Magnesite

Mines

93.450 acres

BSCL

No

Since

16.12.2011

5) The Govt. of Tamil Nadu has taken over

the 37.012 acres of Lease Hold Land. The

balance land available is only 56.438

acres. The Govt. of Tamil Nadu has not yet

corrected the Lease Hold Land area

As at 31st March, 2022

S.

No.

Nature of

property

Total Area

(Acres)

Gross Value

(` Crore)

Title Deed Held in

Name of

Whether title

deed holder

is a promoter,

director or their

Period held

– indicate

range, where

appropriate

Reason for not being held in name of

the Company

1

Free Hold

Land

147.994

(Salem Tamil

Nadu)

5.11

By the Deed of

transfer executed

on 16.12.2011,

all the assets,

liabilities including

free hold land and

lease hold land

stands transferred

in the name

SAIL Refractory

Company Limited,

Salem. On

16th April, 2012.

SRCL applied for

Registration of

Free Hold Land

by paying `72.30

lakhs towards

registration fees

and requesting to

exempt the stamp

duty.

No

Land Acquired

by Burn

Standard

Company

Limited till

execution of

transfer Deed

i.e. 16.12.2011

SRCL has applied for waiver of stamp duty

to the tune of `5.07 crore to the Inspector

General of Registration, Chennai based

on the fact that the said transfer was

between two Departments/ Administrative

Ministries of Govt. of India (Dept. of Heavy

Industries and Ministry of Steel)

SRCL

requested

The

Sub-Registrar,

Kushal Nagar, Madikeri, Karnataka vide

letter SRCL/ Mines / 2021-22 / 041 dated

01.10.2021 for change of ownership in the

name of SRCL

The Sub-Registrar Office, Kushal Nagar

replied vide letter dated 26.10.2021 stating

that SRCL have to contact / approach the

TahsildarTaluk office, Kushalnagara .

A letter has been written in this connection

to TahsildarTaluk Office, Kushalnagara on

7th December 2021 and the issue is being

followed up.

2

Free Hold

Land

21.81

(Kushal Nagar,

Karnataka)

In Respect of SAIL:

48.2 (A)

CWIP AGEING SCHEDULE

Amount of CWIP as on 31st March, 2023 from initial recognition in Balance Sheet

(₹ in crore)

S.

No.

CWIP

0-12 months

12-24 months

24-36 months

More than 36

months

Total

1

Projects in progress

1419.38

552.79

450.91

2464.40

4887.48

2

Projects Temporarily suspended

11.00

15.70

26.59

358.06

411.35

Gross CWIP

1430.38

568.49

477.50

2822.46

5298.83

Less: Provision

407.47

TOTAL

4891.36

letter Ref.No.PER/EC/1220,Dated28.11.2018. Therefore, the next wage revision of SRCL Executives fall due on 01.01.2022.

The wage revision proposal with effect from 01.01.2022 was put up to the SRCL Board. The Board in its 49th Board Meeting

held on 28.09.2022 has approved the proposal for wage revision for Executives w.e.f. 01.01.2022 for a period of 5 years.

Accordingly the provision towards wage revision of Executives with effect from 01.01.2022 to 31.03.2023 have been

made during the financial year 2022-23. The financial impact of wage revision provision for 15 months is ₹0.98 Crores

and the same has been charged to Employees Benefit Expenses.:

Letter and any other regulatory requirement

for the time being in force.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the

Company and /or a Committee thereof as may be approved

and authorized by the Board, if any, be and are hereby

authorized to do all necessary acts, deeds, actions, and

other things and to take all such steps as may be required or

considered necessary or incidental thereto for giving effect

to this resolution.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the

Company be and is hereby authorized to delegate all or any

of the powers herein conferred to any Committee of Directors

or any one or more Directors of the Company.

Item No.7- Material Related Party Transaction(s) with

NTPC-SAIL Power Company Limited.

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following

Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Regulation 23(4) and other

applicable Regulations of the Securities and Exchange Board

of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015, (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’), the applicable

provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’), if any, read

with related rules, if any, each as amended from time to time

and the Company’s Policy on Related Party Transaction(s),

the approval of the Members be and is hereby accorded to

the Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred

to as the ‘Board’, which term shall be deemed to include any

Committee constituted/empowered/ to be constituted by

the Board from time to time to exercise its powers conferred

by this resolution) to enter into, contract(s)/ arrangement(s)/

transaction(s) (whether by way of an individual transaction

or transactions taken together or series of transactions

or otherwise) as mentioned in the explanatory statement

with NTPC-SAIL Power Company Limited (‘NSPCL’), a Joint

venture company of Steel Authority of India Limited and

accordingly a related party of Steel Authority of India Limited

under Regulation 2(1)(zb) of the SEBI Listing Regulations,

on such terms and conditions as may be agreed between

the Company and NSPCL, for an aggregate value of up to

` 6,000 crore to be entered during FY 2023-24, subject to

such contract(s)/arrangement(s)/transaction(s) being carried

out at arm’s length and in the ordinary course of business of

the Company.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board, be and is hereby

authorised, to do and perform all such acts, deeds, matters

and things, as may be necessary, including finalising the

terms and conditions, methods and modes in respect

thereof and finalising and executing necessary documents,

including contract(s), scheme(s), agreement(s) and such

other documents, file applications and make representations

in respect thereof and seek approval from relevant

authorities, including Governmental/regulatory authorities,

as applicable, in this regard and deal with any matters, take

necessary steps as the Board may, in its absolute discretion

deem necessary, desirable or expedient, to give effect to this

resolution and to settle any question that may arise in this

regard and incidental thereto, without being required to seek

any further consent or approval of the Members or otherwise

to the end and intent that the Members shall be deemed to

have given their approval thereto expressly by the authority

of this resolution.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board, be and is hereby

authorised to delegate all or any of the powers herein

conferred, to any Director(s) or Company Secretary or

any other Officer(s)/Authorised Representative(s) of the

Company, to do all such acts and take such steps, as may

be considered necessary or expedient, to give effect to the

aforesaid resolution(s).

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the Board

or any person so authorized by the Board, in connection

with any matter referred to or contemplated in any of the

foregoing resolution(s), be and are hereby approved, ratified

and confirmed in all respects.”

Item No.8-Material Related Party Transaction(s) with

Bokaro Power Supply Company Private Limited.

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following

Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Regulation 23(4) and other

applicable Regulations of the Securities and Exchange Board

of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015, (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’), the applicable

provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’), if any, read

with related rules, if any, each as amended from time to time

and the Company’s Policy on Related Party Transaction(s),:

letter dated 31st May, 2023

(in other cases).

vi)

EFT MANDATE

Shareholders holding shares, whether in Physical

or Demat form are advised to opt for Electronic

Fund Transfer (EFT)/ National Electronic Clearing

System (NECS), for any future payouts from the

Company. Securities and Exchange Board of India

(SEBI) vide Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/DOP1/

CIR/2018/73 dated 20th April, 2018 has directed

to make payment of dividend only through

approved electronic mode and Bank Details

and Permanent Account Number(PAN) of the

shareholders be obtained, updated against their

folio, if not already available with the Company.

Under the EFT, the payment instruction is issued

by the banker (Payer’s banker) electronically

to the clearing authority (RBI or SBI). The

clearing authority provides credit reports to the

payee’s Bank, who credits the amount to their

respective accounts. It becomes inevitable that

the shareholders opting for EFT should provide

details of their Bank Name, IFSC Code, A/c No., A/c

Type, Branch Name, 9 digit MICR No. along with

their Name and Folio Number (DP-ID/Client ID) to

the Company if their holding is in Physical Form

and to the Depository participant, if their holding

is in Demat Form. Accordingly, Shareholders

holding shares in Physical form and receiving

dividend by Dividend Warrant/Demand Draft, etc.

are requested to fill the attached Form and submit:

letter, etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly

authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote,

to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to sachinag1981@gmail.

com with a copy marked to NSDL’s email ID- evoting@

nsdl.co.in. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than

individuals, HUF, NRI, etc.) can also upload their

Board Resolution/Authority: Letter, etc. by clicking on

“Upload Board Resolution/Authority Letter” displayed

under “e-Voting” tab in their login.

XIII.

It is strongly recommended not to share your

password with any other person and take utmost

care to keep your password confidential. Login to

the e-voting website will be disabled upon five

unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password.

In such an event, you will need to go through the

“Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical User

Reset Password?” option available on www.evoting.

nsdl.com to reset the password.

XIV.

Those who became Members of the Company after

dispatch of the Notice but on or before cut-off

date (20th September, 2023) may e-mail to NSDL

at evoting@nsdl.co.in, requesting for user ID and

password. On receipt of user ID and password, the

details in step 2 in A above should be followed for

casting vote.

