Dear stakeholders,

It is with great pleasure and a sense

of accomplishment that I address

you as the Chairman Emeritus of

UPL. Since I embarked on the journey

at UPL, the Company has achieved

significant successes. I have made

the decision to step down from my

roles as Chairman and Managing

Director of the Company to now

focus on community development

and furthering the progress of India's

agriculture and chemical industry.

This marks a new chapter in which

I will dedicate my energy to these

important endeavours.

The year in review was eventful.

While we started experiencing a

more open operating environment,

the world was impacted by several

challenges, including broad-based

inflation and the war between Russia

and Ukraine, which slowed down the

pace of global recovery. Furthermore,

supply chain disruptions, the

fallout of the COVID-19 pandemic,

geopolitical conflicts, and the rising

impacts of climate change have led to

all-time high food prices, pushing a

significant number of people toward

food insecurity. Society increasingly

relies on the sustainability of the

agriculture sector, which serves as

the backbone of our food system.

The sector must transition to more

sustainable practices to feed a global

population of 8 billion and produce

50% more food by 2050.

With a strong commitment to driving

farmer incomes and combatting

climate change, we, at UPL, are

determined to transform the

agriculture sector from conventional

to a more sustainable one. Our

focus lies in building farmer

resilience through sustainable

agriculture systems and reducing

the environmental impact of

farming. By developing farmer-

centric solutions, we align our efforts

with the goal of a greener future,

boosting grower economics and

overall ensuring a sustainable and

environmentally friendly approach to

agriculture. Through our emphasis

on research, technology, and farmer

education, we aim to foster a resilient

agricultural system. Collaborating

with stakeholders, UPL is making

significant contributions to ensure

a more secure and sustainable

food future for the world's

growing population.

Creating holistic value

Our commitment towards creating

value extends beyond financials,

as we prioritize empowering and

developing communities through

our multi-pronged CSR initiatives,

across the countries of our presence.

Collaborating with NGOs worldwide,

we expand our reach and amplify

our impact. Through targeted

interventions in areas such as quality

education, entrepreneurship, and

skill development, we have made

a substantial positive difference in

people's lives.

UPL’s Ethos and Governance

We prioritise and uphold the highest

standards of corporate governance.

Our strong core values form the

foundation of our identity and

drive our mission to create a more

sustainable future. Our exponential

growth is a testament to the

guidance and dedication of our

experienced and diligent Board and

leadership team.

In May 2022, an unfortunate incident

occurred at our Ankleshwar unit,

resulting in the loss of two precious

lives. This tragic event deeply

saddens me. As an organisation, we

remain resolute in our commitment

to Zero Harm, and we are dedicated

to transforming the safety culture

within our Company. Harnessing the

power of artificial intelligence, we

strive to bolster people's safety and

prevent such incidents in the future.

Additionally, we have engaged an

external consultant to accompany us

on this transformative safety journey.

Caring for the environment

At UPL, environmental sustainability

is at the core of everything we do.

Through research, innovation, and

responsible manufacturing practices,

we strive to reduce greenhouse gas

emissions, conserve water resources,

protect biodiversity, and promote soil

health. By integrating sustainable

practices into our operations and

empowering farmers with eco-

friendly solutions, we play a bigger

role in fostering a more sustainable

and resilient agricultural sector

while preserving our planet for

future generations.

Creating a brighter future

Our continuous efforts on the ESG

front have once again been validated

by Sustainalytics, as they ranked us

as the highest-performing top-tier

global crop protection company

in their 2022 ESG Risk Ratings. We

will continue to work alongside our

farmers, partner organisations, and

other stakeholders to reimagine

sustainability in every aspect of

our operations.

I take this moment to express my

heartfelt appreciation to every

stakeholder for their unwavering

and invaluable support. I extend my

deepest gratitude to each member

of the UPL family, whose unwavering

commitment has played a crucial

role in propelling the Company

towards the pinnacle of success

and ensuring the realisation of our

collective aspirations.

R.D. Shroff

Chairman Emeritus

Our continuous efforts on

the ESG front have once

again been validated by

Sustainalytics, as they ranked

us as the highest-performing

top-tier global crop protection

company in their 2022 ESG

Risk Ratings.

R.D. Shroff

Chairman Emeritus

Creating a balance between

plates and the planet:

Dear shareholders,

The global business landscape

continued to remain challenging

during FY 2023. The recovery from

the pandemic was impacted by

geo-political conflicts, rising energy

prices, broad-based inflation, and

fears of a global recession. Central

banks worldwide opted for policy

rate tightening to control rising

inflation, impacting global demand

further. The agrochemical sector,

in particular, saw healthy grower

demand across regions, with robust

crop prices aiding farmer profitability

to historical highs. However, there

were also some challenges in the

form of rising input costs and high

channel inventories. Despite these

challenges, we demonstrated

considerable resilience and reported

improved performance across

the board achieving our revenue

growth and debt reduction guidance.

Our consolidated revenues saw a

robust increase of 16% compared

to the previous year, crossing the

₹50,000 crore milestone for the

first time. We can attribute our

commendable performance to the

exceptional efforts of our regional

teams, which drove strong traction

across markets. While the significant

market headwinds in the last

quarter impacted our operating

profitability, we still closed the year

with double-digit growth in EBITDA.

More importantly, we generated

significantly higher cash flows during

the year, enabling us to reduce our

gross debt by over US$ 600 million

and our net debt by US$ 440 million.

Our diverse portfolio of offerings

spanning the agri value chain, from

seeds to crop protection to farm

services, has been instrumental in

driving value and catering to the

needs of millions of farmers across

markets. Moreover, our continual

commitment to innovation also saw

us launch products and services

across verticals during FY 2023,

thus strengthening our portfolios

and positioning ’UPL’ for sustained

growth in the coming years.

Reimagining our business

At UPL, we have always aligned our

focus with strengthening farmer

resilience on the one hand and

enhancing shareholders’ returns

on the other. Over the years, each

of our business segments has

achieved critical size. During the

year under review, we realigned

our Company into four ‘pure-play

platforms’ to simplify the Group

structure, enhance focus, and ensure

better allocation and utilisation

of resources.

Each platform shares a bold vision

for growth with our primary focus

being rapidly scaling up these

platforms in the next two to three

years by leveraging their unique

strengths and capabilities. With

dedicated leadership and execution

teams in place and the flexibility

to pursue independent growth

strategies, all our platforms are

now well-positioned for accelerated

growth and expansion. Further, we

have brought on board marquee

investors in Advanta and UPL SAS.

The investment by global funds will

help accelerate growth as well as

enable 'fair value recognition' of

each 'Individual Platform', resulting

in significant value unlocking for

UPL's shareholders.

Applauding farmer resilience

Farmers across the globe confront

tremendous difficulties as they

grapple with the impacts of climate

change and societal pressures while

endeavouring to meet the rising

demand for food. Despite these

daunting circumstances, farmers

continuously strive to improve their

sustainability practices, with an

increasing focus on measuring their

carbon outcomes. CY2022 witnessed

the effects of extreme drought and

heat in certain parts of Europe, North

America, and South America, as well

as widespread flooding in various

regions of Asia. These challenges

are undeniably real, yet farmers

have demonstrated remarkable

resilience and perseverance. Despite

facing harvest reductions of up

to 50% in certain areas, farmers

are finding innovative ways to

survive and thrive. Amidst all these

adversities, there have been notable

achievements and triumphs in overall

productivity growth.

We demonstrated

considerable resilience

and reported improved

performance across the

board achieving our revenue

growth and debt reduction

guidance. Our consolidated

revenues saw a robust

increase of 16% compared to

the previous year, crossing

the ₹50,000 crore milestone

for the first time.

Jai Shroff

Chairman & Group CEO

Despite facing harvest

reductions of up to 50% in

certain areas, farmers are

finding innovative ways to

survive and thrive. Amidst

all these adversities,

there have been notable

achievements and

triumphs in overall

productivity growth.:

Dear shareholders,

FY 2023 proved to be a dynamic

convergence of two distinct periods.

In the initial nine months, while we

saw strong demand for our products,

there were also challenges in the

form of supply chain uncertainties

and rising costs. However, our

resilient portfolio allowed us to

enhance the value of our offerings

and better our operating profitability.

The landscape shifted notably in

the fourth quarter as concerns over

supply chain reliability diminished,

with distributors shifting their

focus towards efficient inventory

management. While this shift

impacted demand at the distributor

level, demand from growers

continued to thrive. As the world

gradually reopened in the post-

COVID era, China's resurgence led to

the agrochemical factories worldwide

operating at full capacity, resulting

in an oversupply situation. This

development presented significant

near-term challenges for the

industry, requiring us to adapt and

find new strategies for success.

Throughout the year, we were

proactive in our approach, managing

our portfolio composition, product-

pricing-effectively and tailoring them

to meet the specific needs of local

markets. Notably, when faced with

drought conditions in Argentina,

we swiftly redirected products

traditionally sold to other regions,

showcasing our agility and ability

to adapt.

We also strongly emphasised on

optimising investment in working

capital by expediting cash collections

and driving better inventory

management. These initiatives

along with a higher EBITDA helped

us generate a 50% higher cash flow

from business in FY 2023*. We

prudently utilised this to pay back

significant debt, and invested the

surplus for the Company's future

growth. Managing our inventory

smartly and rationalising our high-

cost inventory effectively in the

fourth quarter places us favourably

relative to the competition as we

start FY 2024 with a leaner inventory.

Our commitment to innovation was

evident as we launched many new

products during the year, which

brought in ~US$140 million in

revenue. Among these launches were

standout products like ‘Feroce®’ and

We also strongly

emphasised on optimising

investment in working

capital by expediting

cash collections and

driving better inventory

management. These

initiatives along with a

higher EBITDA helped us

generate a 50% higher

cash flow from business in

FY 2023.

*Operating cashflow before WC – Incremental WC – Taxes & Net finance cost paid -/+ Others

‘Evolution®’ in Brazil, which we expect

to become blockbusters. We have

more exciting new launches planned

in the upcoming year, in addition to

seeing full-year contributions from

last year’s launches.

Combating climate change

In CY2022, the detrimental

effects of climate change became

increasingly evident as extreme

weather conditions wreaked havoc

across different regions. These

challenges posed significant

obstacles for farmers, who strive to

feed the growing global population.

Droughts, heatwaves, and floods

served as stark reminders of the

urgent need to address climate

change and why it is the need of

the hour to transition towards

sustainable farming practices.

Farmers exhibited remarkable

resilience and determination

to sustain their businesses and

improve sustainability outcomes

despite adversities.

As a responsible organisation,

we prioritise conserving

natural resources and ensuring

environmental sustainability.

We achieved the stated targets

of reduction in emissions, water

consumption and waste generation

at manufacturing. It is noteworthy

that our Colombia plant achieved

carbon neutrality and our OpenAg

Centre in North Carolina reduced

land field solid waste by >80% during

the year and target to be zero waste

by 2024.:

Managing Director of

the Company w.e.f. December 1, 2022. The Board of Directors

of UPL Limited, in view of dedication of Mr. Rajnikant Shroff

in building UPL as the fifth largest crop protection global

company and his work towards ensuring food security for

India and other countries, designated him as the “Chairman

Emeritus” of the Board. Mr. Rajnikant Shroff continues to

devote his full time for social causes and focus on advocacy

for improving Indian agrochemical industry.

Mr. Arun Ashar (DIN:00192088), stepped down as Whole-

time Director of the Company w.e.f. December 1, 2022.

The Board of Directors places on record its appreciation for

the services rendered by Mr. Rajnikant Shroff and Mr. Arun

Ashar and their unwavering commitment to UPL.

The Board of Directors designated Mr. Jai Shroff as Non-

Executive Chairman of the Board w.e.f. December 1, 2022.

The Board of Directors based on the recommendation

of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee,

appointed Mr. Raj Tiwari (DIN: 09772257) as an Additional

Director as well as Whole-Time Director and Mr. Carlos

Pellicer (DIN:09775747) as an Additional Director (Non-

Executive and Non-Independent) on the Board w.e.f.

November 1, 2022. The appointment of Mr. Raj Tiwari and

Mr. Carlos Pellicer were approved by the Members of the

Company at the Extraordinary General Meeting held on

November 25, 2022.

Further in line with the best-in-class global corporate

governance principles, two of the long serving independent

directors, Mr. Pradeep Goyal (DIN: 00008370) and

Dr. Reena Ramachandran (DIN: 00212371), who contributed

significantly in the functioning of the Board chose to

voluntarily step-down w.e.f December 1, 2022 before the

statutorily permitted second term of 5 years which would

end in March 2024. The Board of Directors places on record

its appreciation for the services rendered by Mr. Pradeep

Goyal and Dr. Reena Ramachandran and their role in raising

the bar of corporate governance in UPL.

The Board of Directors of the Company, on recommendation

of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, appointed

Mr. Suresh Kumar (DIN: 00512630) as an Additional Director

(Non-Executive and Independent) w.e.f. October 20, 2022.

The appointment was approved by the Members of the

Company at the Extraordinary General Meeting held on

November 25, 2022 for a period of 5 years.

All the independent directors of the Company as on

March 31, 2023 have given requisite declarations stating

that they meet the criteria of independence laid down

under section 149(6) of the Act, Regulation 16(b) of SEBI

Listing Regulations and have complied with the Code for

Independent Directors as prescribed in Schedule IV to

the Act. In the opinion of the Board, there has been no

change in the circumstances which may affect their status

as Independent Directors of the Company and the Board

is satisfied of the integrity, expertise, and experience

(including proficiency in terms of Section 150(1) of the

Act and applicable rules thereunder) of all Independent

Directors on the Board. In terms of Section 150 read with

Rule 6 of the Companies (Appointment and Qualification

of Directors) Rules, 2014, Independent Directors of the

Company are registered on the Independent Director

Databank maintained by the Indian Institute of Corporate

Affairs (IICA).

Following are the Key Managerial Personnels as per section

2(51) of the Act as on March 31, 2023:

1.

Mr. Raj Tiwari – Whole-Time Director

2.

Mr. Anand Vora – Chief Financial Officer

3.

Mr. Sandeep Deshmukh – Company Secretary and

Compliance Officer

EVALUATION OF BOARD’S PERFORMANCE

Pursuant to the provisions of Companies Act, 2013 and

the SEBI Listing Regulations, the evaluation process

for performance of the Board, its various committees,

individual directors and the Chairman of the Board and

respective Committees was carried out during the year.

Each director was provided a questionnaire to be filled

up providing feedback on the overall functioning of the

Board, its Committees and contribution of individual:

letter of appointment is given to them, which

explains their role, responsibility and rights in the Company.

Subsequently they are apprised of the Company’s policies

on CSR, nomination and remuneration, plant safety, HR,

succession policy for directors and senior management.

They are updated with global business scenario, marketing

strategies, legislative changes etc. Factory visits are

arranged to apprise them of various operational and safety

aspects of the plants to get complete understanding of the

activities of the Company.

Details of familiarisation programme of Independent

Directors are available on the website of the Company at

https://www.upl-ltd.com/investors/corporate-governance/

policies.

HUMAN RESOURCES

The Company continuously strives to be the best globally

in all the domains of its operations and believes that its

employees are the core foundation of this vision. The HR

strategy is committed to creating an engaging workforce

and an inspirational leadership that continuously powers

this vision.

Key initiatives undertaken for Employees

Employee Wellness

Multiple initiatives were undertaken for employee wellness

in FY22-23 which was in line with UPL values of Always

Human, Agile and Nothing is Impossible. Some of the

initiatives are as under:

− Expansion of services with external partners on employee

wellbeing including online medical consultation.

− UPL has conducted Power of Inclusion workshop in

this year. 65 batches were completed covering 844+

managers and leaders altogether across all regions.

Going ahead, we will be supplementing this program

with a detailed learning initiative to all employees to

ensure continuous DEI progress is maintained through

a 90 minutes reflective workshop video on OpenIntel.

− Conducted webinar on the occasion of Pink October to

create awareness on Breast Cancer for all employees.

− On the occasion of International Women’s Day, UPL

conducted a session on menstrual health, explaining

the myths & facts about menstruation.

− As part of International Women’s Day, conducted a

workshop at UPL for all women at Mumbai for Image

Consulting and Personal Branding.

Successful Launch of Catalyst - Global Digital

Onboarding Program

Catalyst is a global digital onboarding program of UPL

which aims to ensure that employees feel connected to

the organisation. Catalyst delivers engaging and uniform

employee experience across geographies & business,

enabling smooth and quick transition into their new

roles for the new joiners. It provides new hires with a

comprehensive onboarding experience that reinforces

their decision to work with UPL and supports them in

performing their job at a high level.

Catalyst program has 3 unique phases which are designed

to make new joiners assimilation journey informative

and fun.

− DISCOVER is the first module of Catalyst which focuses

on pre-onboarding phase of new joiner. UPL Discover

is a microsite designed for new joiner to access the

information of UPL at one place.

− ENGAGE is the second module of Catalyst and in this

phase, new joiner gets acquainted to our Global Policies,

Business, Functions, Employee Portal - myUPL, Ethics &

Compliances. New joinee get an in-depth understanding

of Our Regional Businesses, Organization Culture and

Policies applicable.

− GROW is the third module of our Catalyst journey to

keep the new joiner engaged and through our Post-

Onboarding Module – GROW – new joiner gets in-depth

knowledge about OpenAg - Our Core Purpose, Core

Values, Social Responsibility initiatives, various Lines

of Business and Crop Value Chain. Not only that, Grow

module also provides access to mandatory learning

courses which are assigned to be compliant and be

aware of company’s code of conduct.

NextGen – University Relations Program

The University Relations Program in UPL is called, ‘NextGen

– Fostering Talent for The Future’. The focus of this program

is on hiring, nurturing young talent and assimilating them

into our organizational culture to be future leaders. In

the NextGen Program, we intend to hire Management

Trainees (MBA graduates), Engineer Trainees (Engineering

graduates), Research Trainees (Chemistry graduates) and

Interns (pursuing MBA, Engineering and Professional

Courses in Finance, Law etc).

The program acts as the foundation of inculcating UPL’s

core values, culture, perspective, and diversity in fresh

talent with a vision to create talent pipeline. The major

objective of university recruitment is to help tap a wider

talent pool by hiring through multiple premium colleges and

making it easier to train people with similar backgrounds

in a standardized way. The NextGen program develop and

maintain UPL’s employer brand in front of the young talent

and create a long-lasting impression on a wide audience.

With the NextGen program we expose the new hires to

strategic and challenging projects that have direct impact

on the business. The program also nurtures them with

a well-structured 1-year training journey where they are

subjected to soft skills training via OpenIntel, Business

training via plant and field visits and experiential learning

via Learn from Expert Sessions with senior leadership.

The Trainees are given real time projects in diverse

business functions like Global CPHQ, Sales & Marketing,

Supply Chain & Manufacturing, D&A, Information Security,

Intellectual Property, Human Resources etc.:

letter.

(1)

Maintenance of Secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to

express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

(2) We have followed the auditing standards issued by the institute of Company Secretaries of India (ICSI) and audit

practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the contents of

the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial

records. We believe that the processes and practices we followed are aligned with auditing standards issued by the

institute of Company Secretaries of India (ICSI) and provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

(3) We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of accounts of the Company.

(4) Wherever required we have obtained the management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

(5) The compliance of the provisions of corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the

responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

(6) The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For M/s. N. L. Bhatia & Associates

Practising Company Secretaries

UIN: P1996MH055800

Date: April 28, 2023

Place: Mumbai

Bhaskar Upadhyay

Partner

FCS: 8663

CP. No. 9625

PR No. 700/2020

UDIN: F008663E000222241:

letter of law in all our

actions and disclosures

Sustainability

At UPL, sustainability

is a holistic approach

for doing good

business for progress,

prosperity, people and

the planet.:

Managing Director, Mr. Arun Ashar ceased to be the Whole-time Director and, Mr. Pradeep Goyal and

Dr. Reena Ramachandran ceased to be Independent Directors of the Company w.e.f. December 1, 2022

During the year, there was full attendance of independent directors in all the Board meetings.

Directorship / Committee Membership

The number of Directorship(s) / Committee Membership(s) / Chairmanship(s) of all Directors is within respective limits

prescribed under the SEBI Listing Regulations and the Act. The details as on March 31, 2023 are as follows:

Name of the

Director

Category

Attendance

Particulars

No. of other directorships and Committee

Memberships / Chairmanship

Directorship in

other listed entities

and category of

directorship

No. of Shares and

Convertible

Instruments held

by non-executive

directors

Board

Meeting

Last

AGM

Other

Directorships*

Committee

Memberships

Committee

Chairmanships

Mr. Rajnikant D

Shroff @**

DIN: 00180810

Chairman and

Managing

Director

7

Yes

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

Mr. Jai

Shroff@

DIN:00191050

Chairman

and Group

CEO

10

Yes

5

1

-

Director

-

Uniphos

Enterprises

Limited

-

Nivi Trading

Limited

-

Ventura

Guaranty

Limited

81,00,163

Equity Shares

(Also holds 3,98,500

GDR represented by

7,97,000 underlying

equity shares)

Mr. Vikram

Shroff @

DIN: 00191472

Non-

Executive

Director

11

Yes

6

-

-

Nil

67,54,324

Equity Shares

(Also holds 2,18,520

GDR represented by

4,37,040 underlying

equity shares)

Mr. Arun Ashar **

DIN: 00192088

Whole- time

Director

7

Yes

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

Mr. Pradeep

Goyal**

DIN: 00008370

Independent

Director

7

Yes

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

Dr. Reena

Ramachandran**

DIN: 00212371

Independent

Director

7

Yes

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

Mr. Raj Tiwari$

DIN: 09772257

Whole- time

Director

6

N.A.

-

-

-

Nil

N.A.

Mr. Carlos

Pellicer$$

DIN: 09775747

Non-Executive

Director

6

N.A.

-

-

-

Nil

Nil

Mr. Hardeep

Singh

DIN: 00088096

Lead

Independent

Director

11

Yes

4

4

2

Director

-

Escorts Kubota

Limited

52,807

Equity

Shares

Dr. Vasant

Gandhi

DIN: 00863653

Independent

Director

11

Yes

1

1

1

Nil

Nil

Ms. Naina Lal

Kidwai

DIN: 00017806

Independent

Director

11

Yes

3

1

-

Independent

Director

-

Biocon Limited

-

Gland Pharma

Limited

Nil

Mr. Suresh Kumar

$$$

DIN: 00512630

Independent

Director

7

N.A.

2

1

-

Independent

Director

-

Vardhman

Textiles

Limited

Nil:

letter of appointment containing the terms

of appointment, roles, duties and code of conduct among

other items. The draft: letter of appointment is available

on the website of the Company under Investors section at

https://www.upl-ltd.com/investors.

During the year under review, the Independent

Managing Director

and other Executive Directors will consist of monthly salary,

allowances, perquisites, bonus, commission / variable

pay and other retiral benefits. The policy is available on

the Company’s website at https://www.upl-ltd.com/

investors/corporate-governance/policies. In respect of

senior management, the remuneration will be based on

their individual performance, Company’s performance,

targets achieved, KPI, industry benchmark and current

compensation trends in the industry.

The Group has also put in place Executive Compensation

Policy (ECP). ECP aims at remunerating the global senior

executives to drive long-term organizational goals. It

comprises of the collective business and functional

leadership manned by the top company executives.

While designing global employment contracts, local pay

practices, local labour and employment compliances hold

a key consideration. Their overall remuneration is managed

as per market pay practices in line with their professional

job responsibilities. Also, remuneration is benchmarked

with the help of third-party consultants to ensure market competitiveness. ECP is available on the Company’s website at

https://www.upl-ltd.com/investors/corporate-governance/policies.

Details of the remuneration of Directors

Remuneration of executive directors is broadly divided into fixed and variable components. The fixed components

comprise of salary, allowances, perquisites, amenities and retirement benefits. The variable component comprises of

performance based annual incentive/commission. The performance criteria are based on annual targets for Company’s

performance. Certain persons having global role are also covered under ESOP scheme of UPL Corporation Ltd, Cayman.

Also, overall compensation trends in the industry are considered for this purpose. Appointment is normally done for a

period of five years. The service agreement provides for a notice period of three months on either side.

Mr. Rajnikant D Shroff ceased to be Chairman and: Managing

Letter of Confirmation in lieu of the share certificate while

processing any of the aforesaid investor service request.

Disclosure related to Demat Suspense Account/

Unclaimed Suspense Account

In accordance with the requirement of Regulation 34(3) and

39(4) read with Part F of the Schedule V of the SEBI Listing

Regulations, the following are details in respect of equity

shares lying in the Demat / Unclaimed Suspense Account as

per Regulation 34(3) of SEBI Listing Regulations:

Particulars

Demat

Physical

Number of

Shareholders

Number of Equity

Shares

Number of

Shareholders

Number of Equity

Shares

Aggregate number of shareholders and outstanding shares

held in the Suspense Account as on April 01, 2022

-

-

785

615,589

Less: Number of shareholders who approached the Company

for transfer of shares and shares transferred from Suspense

Account during the year

-

-

27

41,170

Add: Number of shareholders and aggregate number of

shares transferred to the Unclaimed Suspense Account during

the year

-

-

NA

NA

Less: Number of shares transferred to IEPF Authority during

the year

-

-

2

7,795

Aggregate number of shareholders and outstanding shares in

the suspense account as on March 31, 2023

-

-

756

5,66,624

The voting rights on the shares outstanding in the suspense account as on March 31, 2023 shall remain frozen till the

rightful owner of such shares claims the shares.

Market Price Data for the period from April 1, 2022 to March 31, 2023

Month

BSE Ltd.

(BSE)

National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.

(NSE)

Month’s High

Price (In ₹)

Month’s Low

Price (In ₹)

Month’s High

Price (In ₹)

Month’s Low Price

(In ₹)

April 2022

836.00

770.00

836.45

770.50

May 2022

848.00

733.25

848.00

733.05

June 2022

787.40

607.80

787.45

607.50

July 2022

744.75

622.45

745.00

621.95

August 2022

804.15

721.75

804.25

721.40

September 2022

768.95

654.05

768.00

654.00

October 2022

732.00

660.15

732.00

660.20

November 2022

793.30

711.15

793.55

711.10

December 2022

807.00

707.05

807.00

707.50

January 2023

767.05

711.00

766.70

710.50

February 2023

780.00

685.00

780.00

684.25

March 2023

722.90

687.95

723.20

687.60:

Managing Director or the Chief Executive Officer

The post of Chairman of the Board is neither: Managing Director nor Chief Executive Officer.

E.

Reporting of Internal Auditor

The Internal Auditor of the Company functionally report directly to the Audit Committee.

On behalf of the Board of Directors

Jai Shroff

Mumbai

letter dated 19 August 2022 and

addendum to the engagement: letter dated 8 May 2023.

2.

We have examined the compliance of conditions

of Corporate Governance by UPL Limited (“the

Company”), for the year ended 31 March 2023, as

stipulated in regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i)

of regulation 46(2) and paragraphs C, D and E of

Schedule V of the Securities Exchange Board of India

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 as amended from time to time

(“Listing Regulations”) pursuant to the Listing

Agreement of the Company with Stock Exchanges.

Management’s Responsibility

3.

The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance

as stipulated under the listing regulations is the

responsibility of the Company’s Management including

the preparation and maintenance of all the relevant

records and documents. This responsibility includes the

design, implementation and maintenance of internal

control and procedures to ensure the compliance with

the conditions of Corporate Governance stipulated in

the Listing Regulations.

Auditors’ Responsibility

4.

Our examination was limited to procedures and

implementation thereof, adopted by the Company

for ensuring the compliance of the conditions of the

Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an

expression of opinion on the financial statements of

the Company.

5.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Listing

Regulations, it is our responsibility to provide a

reasonable assurance whether the Company has

complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance

as stipulated in Listing Regulations for the year ended

31 March 2023.

6.

We conducted our examination of the above corporate

governance compliance by the Company in accordance

with the Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for

Special Purposes (Revised 2016) and Guidance Note

on Certification of Corporate Governance both issued

by the Institute of the Chartered Accountants of India

(the “ICAI”), in so far as applicable for the purpose of

this certificate. The Guidance Note requires that we

comply with the ethical requirements of the Code of

Ethics issued by the ICAI.

7.

We have complied with the relevant applicable

requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC)

1, Quality Control for Firms that Perform Audits and

Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and Other

Assurance and Related Services Engagements.

Opinion

8.

In our opinion and to the best of our information and

according to the explanations given to us, we certify

that the Company has complied with the conditions

of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the above-

mentioned Listing Regulations.

9.

We state that such compliance is neither an assurance

as to the future viability of the Company nor the

efficiency or effectiveness with which the management

has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Restriction on use

10. The certificate is addressed and provided to the

Members of the Company solely for the purpose of

enabling the Company to comply with the requirement

of the Listing Regulations and should not be used by

any other person or for any other purpose. Accordingly,

we do not accept or assume any liability or any duty of

care for any other purpose or to any other person to

whom this certificate is shown or into whose hands it

may come without our prior consent in writing.

For B S R & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm’s Registration No: 101248W/W-100022

Bhavesh Dhupelia

Partner

Place: Mumbai

Membership No: 042070

Date: 8 May 2023

UDIN: 23042070BGYGLE9030

Auditor’s certificate on Corporate Governance

letter.:

letter (A)

9

9

(iv)

Fully paid up equity shares of Meiji Lukang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd

10

10

Less: Provision for diminution of investment

(10)

(10)

(v)

35,50,716 fully paid and non-assessable shares of Series B-1 Preferred Stock, par value $

0.0001 of Telesense INC.

23

21

Less: Provision for diminution of investment

(23)

-

(vi)

Investment in Tenacious Ventures Fund I, LP (Partnership)

2

2

(vii)

Investment in Yield Lab Global Opportunity Fund, L.P.

4

3

(viii)

1,14,464 [31 March 2022: Nil] Equity Shares of I10 each fully paid-up in Clean Max Kratos

Private Limited

40

-

(ix)

196.8873 units [31 March 2022: Nil units] of Avishkar Fund

7

-

(x)

459,714 [31 March 2022: Nil] Preference shares of USD 3 each of Pluton Biosciences, Inc

11

-

Investments stated at Fair Value through Profit and Loss

(A)

Investments in Convertible Bonds (Unquoted)

(i)

Nil [31 March 2022: 725,000] Optionally Convertible Bonds All Fresh Supply Management

Private Limited

-

7

5.

Investments (Contd.):

letter of grant

Exercise price: Exercise price shall be I 100 per share for ESOPs granted as per ASOS 2022

Exercisable event: Upon occurrence of a Liquidity Event.

Exercise period: Maximum by January 01, 2027

The fair value of the share options is estimated at the grant date using Black Scholes Option Pricing (“BSOP”) method,

taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the share options were granted.

Terms of Tranche B ESOPs of ASOS 2022

Performance based options to vest only upon the following performance conditions being met –

i. 33% vesting: Valuation of the Company is USD 500 million

ii. 67% vesting: Valuation of the Company is USD 1 billion

Grant date: On or after January 01, 2022

Exercise price: Exercise price shall be I 29,852 per share for ESOPs granted as per ESOP 2019

Exercisable event: Upon occurrence of a Liquidity Event.

Exercise period: Maximum by 30-Jun-2025

The fair value of the share options is estimated at the grant date using Monte Carlo Simulation Pricing (“MCS”) method

so as to evaluate whether the performance conditions (i.e. Milestone 1 and Milestone 2) have been achieved.

The carrying amount of the ESOP reserve relating to the ESOPs at 31 March 2023 is I 48 crores (31 March 2022: I 20 crores)

Nil stock options have been vested as at 31 March 2023 (31 March 2022: Nil). The expense recognised for employee

services received during the year is shown in the following table:

H Crores

March 31, 2023

March 31, 2022

Expense arising from equity-settled share-based payment transactions

29

17

Vested options

29

17:

letter of

credits) remaining to be executed on capital account and not provided for (net of advances)

408

492

36. Share based payments (Contd.)

B.

Contingent liabilities

The Group is involved in a number of appellate, judicial and arbitration proceedings (including those described below)

concerning matters arising in the course of conduct of the Group’s businesses. Some of these proceedings in respect of

matters under litigation are in early stages, and in some other cases, the claims are indeterminate. A summary of claims

asserted on the Group in respect of these cases have been summarised below.

a.

Guarantees

H Crores

March 31, 2023

March 31, 2022

Guarantees given by the Group on behalf of third parties

604

860

b.

Tax Contingencies

Amounts in respect of claims asserted by various revenue authorities on the Group, in respect of taxes, which are in

dispute, have been tabulated below:

H Crores

Nature of Tax

March 31, 2023

March 31, 2022

Disputed Excise Duty / Service Tax Liability (excluding interest)

322

355

Disputed Income-tax Liability (excluding interest)

295

338

Disputed Sales-tax Liability

14

23

Disputed Custom duty Liability

112

101

Disputed Fiscal Penalty for cancellation of licenses

33

33

The management believes that the claims made are untenable and is contesting them. As of the reporting date, the

management is unable to determine the ultimate outcome of above matters. However, in the event the revenue authorities

succeed with enforcement of their assessments, the Group may be required to pay some or all of the asserted claims

and the consequential interest and penalties, which would reduce net income and could have a material adverse effect

on net income in the respective reported period.

c.

Amount in respect of other claims

H Crores

Nature of Claim

March 31, 2023

March 31, 2022

Claims payable to growers.

37

32

Other Claims (claims related to contractual and other disputes)

855

637

Claims against the Group not acknowledged as debts.

11

59

Management is generally unable to reasonably estimate a range of possible loss for proceedings or disputes other than

those included in the estimate above, including where:

i.

plaintiffs / parties have not claimed an amount of money damages, unless management can otherwise determine

an appropriate amount;

ii.

the proceedings are in early stages;

iii.

there is uncertainty as to the outcome of pending appeals or motions or negotiations;

iv.

there are significant factual issues to be resolved; and/or

v.

there are novel legal issues presented.

However, in respect of the above matters, management does not believe, based on currently available information,

that the outcomes of the litigation, will have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition, though the

outcomes could be material to the Group’s operating results for any particular period, depending, in part, upon the

operating results for such period.:

Managing Director of the Company.

The brief profile and statutory details for Mr. Jai Shroff are

enclosed at Annexure I. The Company has received consent

from Mr. Jai Shroff for re-appointment as Director in terms

of Section 152(5) of the Act. He is not disqualified from being

appointed as Director in terms of Section 164 of the Act.

Mr. Jai Shroff is a well-recognized global leader in

sustainable agricultural development with over 30 years’

experience in India and internationally. He has driven the

transformation of UPL from a largely domestic player to a

truly global multinational.

The Board of UPL, based on the performance evaluation

and on the recommendation of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee, recommends resolution at Item

No. 4 relating to re-appointment of Mr. Jai Shroff as Director,

for approval of the members as an Ordinary Resolution.

Except for Mr. Vikram Shroff and Mr. Jai Shroff himself, none

of the other Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the

Company and their relatives are concerned or interested,

financially or otherwise, in this resolution.:

letter of appointment of an Independent Director setting

out the terms and conditions is available on the website of

the Company under ‘Investors’ section.

The Board recommends the resolution at Item No. 6 for

approval of members by way of a Special Resolution.

None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel and

their relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested,

financially or otherwise, in this resolution.

Date: July 14, 2023

Place: Mumbai

By Order of the

Board of Directors

For UPL Limited

Registered Office:

Sandeep Deshmukh

3-11, G.I.D.C., Vapi,

Company Secretary

Valsad – 396 195, Gujarat

and Compliance Officer

(ACS - 10946)

Annexure I – Information About Directors

[Pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and the

Secretarial Standard – 2 on General Meetings]

Name of the Director

Jai Shroff

Usha Rao-Monari

Director Identification

Number

00191050

08652684

Age (in years)

58

63

Date of joining

the Board

October 1, 1992

First term (December 27, 2019 to May 12, 2021)

Second term (Effective from August 18, 2023)

Qualification

Bachelor of Science

B.A. (Hons) in Economics, MBA from Jamnalal Bajaj

Institute, Mumbai, Masters in International Affairs

and Finance from Columbia University, USA Program

for Management Development from Harvard Business

School, USA

Expertise in specific

functional area

Mr. Jai Shroff has strategic capabilities and consumer

insight with a proven track record of driving

consumer-centric and digital innovation. He has led

not only complex operational businesses but is also

instrumental in UPL's 50 plus business integrations

and has inspired teams servicing 138+ countries

across 6 continents to achieve market-leading

performance.

Ms. Usha Rao-Monari is a seasoned investment

professional with almost 30 years of experience,

particularly in the infrastructure area.

Profile

Mr. Jai Shroff is the Chairman & Group CEO of UPL.

He is a well-recognized global leader in sustainable

agricultural development and across agribusiness,

with over 30 years’ experience in India and

internationally.

Under Mr. Jai Shroff’s leadership, UPL has firmed

its position as one of the fastest growing agri-input

companies in the world with a strong presence in the

Seeds, Plant Nutrition, Crop Protection and Post-

Harvest Food Preservation value chains, with annual

revenues exceeding $6bn.

Mr. Jai Shroff has driven the transformation of UPL

from a largely domestic player to a truly global

multinational. Today, UPL has a global workforce

comprising of more than 25 different nationalities.

It operates 35 manufacturing plants in India, Asia,

Europe, Latin and North America and serve the

farming community across the globe.

Mr. Jai Shroff’s vision for UPL is to endeavor to

continually provide smart, affordable and profitable

solutions to the global farming community with a

strong focus on innovation, research and excellence

by “Reimagining Sustainability” for farms, farmers and

food systems worldwide. He believes in the power

of collaboration and inter-sectoral partnerships.

He is actively involved in the global development

agenda, including the World Economic Forum’s Grow

Africa and Grow Asia initiatives, IFPRI’s Sustainable

Agriculture and Global Food Security Initiative,

WBCSD, Chicago Council, IGD and ICAR.

His profile has also been provided separately in the

Annual Report and also available on the website of

the Company.

Ms. Usha Rao-Monari has served as Under-Secretary-

General and Associate Administrator at United

Nations Development Programme. Prior to that, she

was a Senior Advisor to Blackstone’s Infrastructure

Group. She served as Chief Executive Officer of Global

Water Development Partners, a Blackstone portfolio

company. Prior to Blackstone, she held several senior

positions at International Finance Corporation,

part of the World Bank Group. She was Director of

Sustainable Business Advisory Group. Other positions,

she held included Global Head of the Water and

Environmental Group, Head of Utilities and Public

Partnerships, and experience in the petrochemicals

and manufacturing business areas. She was

instrumental in founding and establishing the 2030

Water Resources Group, a public-private partnership

platform, which is now part of the World Bank Group.

Prior to that, she was with Prudential Bache in the

corporate finance and mergers and acquisitions

areas. She has held a number of Board and advisory

positions including on the Veolia Sustainability

Committee to the Board, WaterHealth International

Board, and Co-Chair, Steering Board, 2030 Water

Resources Group, and Chair / Co-Chair of several

World Economic Forum councils including Water,

Natural Capital and Biodiversity and Environmental

and Natural Resource Security.

Number of meetings of

the Board attended in

FY2022-23

10 out of 11 meetings

Not Applicable (new appointment)

Remuneration

last drawn from

the Company /

Remuneration sought

to be paid.

He is a non-executive director and does not draw

remuneration from UPL Limited. Please refer to

Corporate Governance report for other compensation

details at the subsidiaries level.

Sitting fees for attending Board / Committee

meetings, commission as Director (and other

reimbursements, if any) at UPL Limited and it’s

subsidiary, as approved by respective Board.:

letter issued by

the competent authority or any other evidence

demonstrating the non-applicability of Article 24

- Limitation of Relief under India-Singapore DTAA.

The Company is not obligated to apply the beneficial DTAA

rates at the time of tax deduction on dividend amounts.

Application of beneficial DTAA rate shall depend upon the

completeness and satisfactory review by the Company, of

the documents submitted by non-resident shareholders

and meeting requirement of the IT Act read with applicable

tax treaty.

Special provisions of section 206AA/206AB of the

Income Tax Act (For non-filers of tax return – For

resident shareholders and selected non-resident

shareholders).

The rate of TDS @10% u/s 194 of the Act is subject to

provisions of section 206AB of Act (effective from July 1,

2021) which introduces special provisions for TDS in respect

of non-filers of income-tax return. As provided in section

206AB, tax is required to be deducted at higher of following

rates in case of payments to specified persons:

− twice the rate specified in the relevant provision of the

IT Act; or

− twice the rate or rates in force; or

− the rate of 5%.

Where sections 206AA and 206AB are applicable i.e. the

specified person has not submitted the PAN as well as not

filed the return; the tax shall be deducted at the higher of

the two rates prescribed in these two sections.

The term ‘specified person’ is defined in sub-section (3)

of section 206AB and covers the persons who satisfy the

following conditions:

− A person who has not filed the income tax return for

previous year immediately prior to the previous year in

which tax is required to be deducted, for which the time

limit of filing of return of income under section 139(1) of

the I-T Act has expired; and

− The aggregate of TDS and TCS in his case is ₹50,000 or

more in that previous year.

The non-resident who does not have the permanent

establishment is excluded from the scope of a

specified person.

An email communication informing the shareholders

regarding the change in the Income Tax Act, 1961 as well

as the relevant procedure to be adopted by them to avail

the applicable tax rate was sent by the Company at the

registered email IDs of the shareholders.

The aforementioned documents are required to be

submitted to Link Intime or the Company on or before

Thursday, July 27, 2023.

In the event of any tax demand (including interest, penalty,

etc.) arising from any misrepresentation, inaccuracy or

omission of information provided by the shareholder, such

shareholder will be responsible to indemnify the Company

and also, provide the Company with all information /

documents and co-operation in any appellate proceedings.

This communication is not exhaustive and does not

purport to be a complete analysis or listing of all potential

tax consequences in the matter of dividend payment.

Shareholders should consult their tax advisors for requisite

action to be taken by them.

Section C – Updation of records, IEPF and queries

on Annual Report

15. Members are requested to direct notifications about

change of name / address, email address, telephone /

mobile numbers, Permanent Account Number ("PAN"),

nomination, power of attorney, bank account details

or any other information to their respective depository

participants(s) ("DP") in case the shares are held

in electronic mode or to Link Intime India Pvt. Ltd.,

Registrar and Share Transfer Agents of the Company

(“Link Intime”) at Link Intime India Pvt. Ltd., Unit: UPL

Limited, C-101, 247 Park, LBS Marg, Vikhroli (West),

Mumbai – 400 083, Contact No: 91-22-49186060, Fax

No: 91-22-49186060, Email: rnt.helpdesk@linkintime.

co.in, in case the shares are held in physical form.

16. a)

Members holding shares in physical mode, who

have not registered/updated their KYC details

including email addresses with the Company,

are requested to register/update the same by

submitting duly signed Form ISR-1 along with

the supporting documents to Link Intime India

Private Limited at rnt.helpdesk@linkintime.co.in

or by sending the same at Link Intime India Pvt.

Ltd., Unit: UPL Limited, C-101, 247 Park, L.B.S

Marg, Vikhroli (West), Mumbai- 400083. The said

form is available on the website of the Company at

www.upl-ltd.com/investors/shareholder-center/

forms.

b) Members holding shares in dematerialised mode,

who have not registered/updated their KYC details

including email addresses with their Depository

Participants, are requested to register/update the

same with the Depository Participants with whom

they maintain their demat account.

17. SEBI vide its notification dated January 24, 2022 has

mandated that all requests for transfer of securities

including transmission, name deletion, transposition

and change of name requests shall be processed only

in dematerialized form. In view of the same and to

eliminate all risks associated with physical shares and

avail various benefits of dematerialisation, Members

are advised to dematerialise the shares held by them

in physical form. Members can contact the Company

or Company’s Registrar and Share Transfer Agent, Link

Intime for assistance in this regard.

18. Members may please note that SEBI vide its Circular No.

SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB /P/CIR/2022/8 dated

January 25, 2022 has mandated the listed companies

to issue securities in dematerialized form only while

processing service requests viz. Issue of duplicate

securities certificate; claim from unclaimed suspense

account; renewal/ exchange of securities certificate;

endorsement; sub-division/splitting of securities

certificate; consolidation of securities certificates/

folios; transmission, name deletion, transposition and

change of name. Accordingly, Members are requested:

letter).

− Click “confirm” (Your password is now generated).

3.

Click on ‘Login’ under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab.

4.

Enter your User ID, Password and Image Verification

(CAPTCHA) Code and click on ‘Submit’.

Cast your vote electronically:

1.

After successful login, you will be able to see the

notification for e-voting. Select ‘View’ icon.

2.

E-voting page will appear.

3.

Refer the Resolution description and cast your vote by

selecting your desired option ‘Favour / Against’ (If you

wish to view the entire Resolution details, click on the

‘View Resolution’ file link).

4.

After selecting the desired option i.e. Favour / Against,

click on ‘Submit’. A confirmation box will be displayed.

If you wish to confirm your vote, click on ‘Yes’, else to

change your vote, click on ‘No’ and accordingly modify

your vote.

Guidelines for Institutional shareholders

Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than Individuals,

HUF, NRI etc.) and Custodians are required to log on the

e-voting system of LIIPL at https://instavote.linkintime.

co.in and register themselves as ‘Custodian / Mutual

Fund / Corporate Body’. They are also required to upload

a scanned certified true copy of the board resolution /

authority: letter/power of attorney etc. together with

attested specimen signature of the duly authorised

representative(s) in PDF format in the ‘Custodian / Mutual

Fund / Corporate Body’ login for the Scrutinizer to verify

the same.

Helpdesk

for

Individual

Shareholders

holding

securities in physical mode/ Institutional shareholders

Shareholders facing any technical issue in login may

contact Link Intime InstaVote helpdesk by sending a

request at enotices@linkintime.co.in or contact on:

Tel: 022 – 4918 6000 or refer Frequently Asked Questions

(‘FAQs’) and InstaVote e-Voting instructions available at

https://instavote.linkintime.co.in under Help section.

Helpdesk

for

Individual

Shareholders

holding

securities in demat mode

Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode

may contact the respective helpdesk for any technical issues

related to login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL.

Login type

Helpdesk details

Individual

Shareholders

holding securities

in demat mode

with NSDL

Members facing any technical issue in login

can contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a

request at evoting@nsdl.co.in or

call at : 022 - 4886 7000 and 022 - 2499 7000

Individual

Shareholders

holding securities

in demat mode

with CDSL

Members facing any technical issue in login

can contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a

request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com

or contact at toll free no. 1800 22 55 33

Individual Shareholders holding securities in Physical

mode has forgotten the password:

If an Individual Shareholders holding securities in Physical

mode has forgotten the USER ID [Login ID] or Password or

both then the shareholder can use the “Forgot Password”

option available on the e-Voting website of Link Intime:

https://instavote.linkintime.co.in

− Click on ‘Login’ under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab and further

Click ‘forgot password?’

− Enter User ID, select Mode and Enter Image Verification

code (CAPTCHA). Click on “SUBMIT”.

In case shareholders is having valid email address,

Password will be sent to his / her registered e-mail

address. Shareholders can set the password of his/her

choice by providing the information about the particulars

of the Security Question and Answer, PAN, DOB/DOI, Bank

Account Number (last four digits) etc. as mentioned above.

The password should contain minimum 8 characters, at

least one special character (@!#$&*), at least one numeral,

at least one alphabet and at least one capital letter.

User ID for Shareholders holding shares in Physical Form

(i.e. Share Certificate): Your User ID is Event No + Folio

Number registered with the Company

Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat

mode with NSDL/ CDSL has forgotten the password:

Shareholders who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password

are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget Password

option available at abovementioned depository/ depository

participants website.

− It is strongly recommended not to share your password

with any other person and take utmost care to keep your

password confidential.

− For shareholders/ members holding shares in physical

form, the details can be used only for voting on the

resolutions contained in this Notice.

− During the voting period, shareholders/ members can

login any number of time till they have voted on the

resolution(s) for a particular “Event”.

Process and manner for attending the AGM through

InstaMeet

Open the internet browser and launch the URL: https://

instameet.linkintime.co.in and click on "Login"

Select the “Company” and ‘Event Date’ and register with

your following details: -

A.

Demat Account No. or Folio No: Enter your 16 digit

Demat Account No. or Folio No

− Shareholders/ members holding shares in

CDSL demat account shall provide 16 Digit

Beneficiary ID

letter/power of attorney etc.

together with attested specimen signature of the

duly authorised representative(s) in PDF format in the

‘Custodian / Mutual Fund / Corporate Body’ login for

the Scrutinizer to verify the same.

2.

It is strongly recommended not to share your password

with any other person and take utmost care to keep

your password confidential.

3.

In case of any queries, you may contact the helpdesk

numbers mentioned above or send a request to

Mr. Rajiv Ranjan, Assistant Vice President - E-voting

Link lntime India Pvt. Ltd. P: +91 22 49186000 (Extn:

2505), email id - enotices@linkintime.co.in

Process for those shareholders whose e-mail id’s are

not registered with the depositories for procuring

user id and password for e-voting for the resolutions

set out in this notice:

1.

In case shares are held in physical mode please

provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy

of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self-

attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-

attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to upl.

investors@upl-ltd.com or rnt.helpdesk@linkintime.

co.in.

2.

In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide

DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary

ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated

Account statement, PAN (self-attested scanned copy

of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of

Aadhar Card) by email to upl.investors@upl-ltd.com. If

you are an Individual shareholder holding securities in

demat mode, you are requested to refer to the login

method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for

e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual

shareholders holding securities in demat mode.

3.

In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020

on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies,

Individual shareholders holding securities in demat

mode are allowed to vote through their demat

account maintained with Depositories and Depository

Participants. Shareholders are required to update their

mobile number and email ID correctly in their demat

account in order to access e-Voting facility.

Section E – Declaration of voting results

36. A member may participate in the 39th Annual General

Meeting (“AGM”) even after exercising his right to vote

through remote e-voting but shall not be allowed to

vote again at the AGM.

37. A person, whose name is recorded in the register

of members or in the register of beneficial owners

maintained by the depositories as on the cut-off date

Friday, August 11, 2023 only shall be entitled to avail

the facility of remote e-voting as well as e-voting at

the AGM.

38. The Board of Directors have appointed Mr. Bharat

Upadhyay, Practicing Company Secretary (Membership

No. FCS 5436 / C.P. No. 4457) or failing him Mr. Bhaskar

Upadhyay, Practicing Company Secretary (Membership

No. FCS 8663 / C.P. No. 9625) as the Scrutinizer to

scrutinize the remote e-voting and e-voting at AGM

process in a fair and transparent manner. They have

communicated their willingness to be appointed and

will be available for the said purpose.

39. The Scrutinizer shall after the conclusion of voting at

the AGM, first count the votes cast during the AGM

and thereafter unblock the votes cast through remote

e-voting and shall submit, by Saturday, August 19,

2023, a consolidated scrutinizer’s report of the total

votes cast in favour or against, if any, to the Chairman

or a person authorized by him in writing, who shall

countersign the same and declare the result of the

voting forthwith..

40. The results of voting will be declared and the same

along with the Scrutinizers Report will be published

on the website of the Company (www.upl-ltd.com)

and the website of Linkintime (https://instavote.

linkintime.co.in/). The Company shall simultaneously

communicate the results along with the Scrutinizers

Report to BSE Limited, National Stock Exchange of

India Limited, Singapore Stock Exchange and London

Stock Exchange where the securities of the Company

are listed.

Date: July 14, 2023

Place: Mumbai

By Order of the

Board of Directors

For UPL Limited

Registered Office:

Sandeep Deshmukh

3-11, G.I.D.C., Vapi,

Company Secretary

Valsad – 396 195, Gujarat

and Compliance Officer

(ACS - 10946):

