Message from the Chairman

26

Message from the CEO & MD

30

Case Studies

38

Key Performance Indicators

42

Value-Creation Model

44

Opportunities

48

Strategic Priorities and

Update

56

Risk Management

66

Cybersecurity

Our Board and

Management

68

Board of Directors

72

Executive Committee

CONTENTS

30

ESL improves blast

furnace performance

with process

digital twin

34

Sterlite Copper

advances low-carbon

journey with

green copper

36

Turning around

lead smelter at DSC

VEDL reporting suite

Vedanta Limited

Sustainability Report (SR)

2021-22

Information coverage:

Disclosures on triple bottom

line performance

Standards/guidelines used:

Global Reporting Initiative

(GRI) Standards

Vedanta Limited Tax

Transparency Report (TTR)

2021-22

Information coverage:

Voluntary disclosure of profits

made and taxes paid (only Indian

company to publish a TTR)

Standards/guidelines used:

Indian Accounting Standards

(Ind AS)

Vedanta Limited Integrated

Report (IR) and Annual

Accounts 2021-22

Information coverage:

Holistic disclosure of

performance and strategy

Standards/guidelines used:

International Integrated Reporting

Framework, Indian Accounting

Standards (Ind AS), Indian

Secretarial Standards

Vedanta Limited TCFD

Report 2022

Information coverage:

Climate-related

financial disclosures

Standards/guidelines used:

Approach to climate action,

climate strategy and climate

risk management

INTEGRATED THINKING AT VEDANTA

Vedanta adopts a comprehensive value creation process that considers all

resources and relationships, material issues and strategic focus areas, in

the backdrop of our mission and values. Our ESG purpose ‘Transforming

for Good’, supplemented by a more comprehensive ‘Transforming Together’

theme is deeply embedded into this process. This community value

empowers our decision-making to drive business success, alongside

contributing to the nation’s growth, a sustainable world and shared value

creation for all stakeholders.

Creating consistent value for

6.

Shareholders,

investors and lenders

Local

communities

Employees

Industry

Governments

Civil societies

We are led by

1.

Mission

To create a leading global

natural resource Company

Values

Trust

Entrepreneurship

Innovation

Excellence

Integrity

Care

Respect

Focussing on

3.

Material issues

M1

M9

M13

M2

M10

M14

M3

M11

M4

M5

M6

M7

M8

M12

Enabled by

4.

Strategic focus areas

Deliver

on growth

opportunities

Optimise capital

allocation and maintain

strong balance sheet

Augment our

reserves and

resource base

Operational

excellence

Continue to focus

on world-class

ESG performance

With a consistent eye on

5.

Top risks

R1

R6

R11

R2

R7

R12

R3

R13

R4

R5

R8

R9

R10

Megatrends and opportunities

T1

T6

T2

T7

T3

T4

T5

Stakeholder Engagement

and Materiality Assessment

78

Stakeholder Engagement

80

Materiality

Sustainability Review

82

Operationalising ESG

within Vedanta

102 People and Culture

106 Corporate Governance

110 Awards

Management Discussion

and Analysis

112 Market Review

118 Segment Review

126 Finance Review

132 Operational Review

Statutory Reports

172 Directors’ Report

234 Report on Corporate Governance

291 Business Responsibility and

Sustainability Report

Financial Statements

325 Standalone Financials

444 Consolidated Financials

577 Abbreviations

Building on

2.

Capitals

Financial

capital

Manufactured

capital

Intellectual

capital

Human

capital

Social and

relationship

capital

Natural

capital

Pg. 56

Pg. 78

Pg. 80

Pg. 2

Pg. 48

Pg. 44

1

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

INTEGRATED

REPORT

INTEGRATED ThINkING AT VEDANTA:

MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN: Dear Stakeholders,

I am happy to take this

opportunity to share my thoughts

and express gratitude for your

continued trust in Vedanta.

Our journey of growth and

shared value creation continued

unabated during FY 2023 despite

market volatility. We owe this

success to our team whose agility

in pursuing opportunities, thought

leadership and decisive action

brought us closer to achieving our

ambitious goals.

India gains global prominence

FY 2023 has been an incredible year for

India. The country outperformed and

repositioned itself amongst the world’s

fastest-growing economies, even as

most developed nations faced slower

growth amidst high inflation. It posted an

impressive 6.8% GDP growth in FY 2023,

after delivering 9.1% growth in the previous

fiscal year. It is indeed encouraging to

witness this growth story unfold with a

visible supply chain shift in India’s favour

and its manufacturing prowess getting due

recognition globally.

India’s improved outlook in many ways

is attributable to the government’s

quest for self-reliance in manufacturing,

minerals and resources. Its importance

was accentuated in the aftermath of the

pandemic and the Russia-Ukraine conflict,

which saw heightened uncertainties

and geopolitical tensions globally.

Several countries have found themselves

precariously positioned, given their

dependence on others for key resources.

Reassessment of supply chain strategies

globally was thus inevitable. Already

“China Plus One" policy is gathering

momentum as companies and countries

seek to diversify their reliance beyond

China to other destinations.

India finds itself in an advantageous

position, particularly in creating a

resilient supply chain and indigenous

manufacturing. Energy security and

world-class infrastructure will be key to

the success of this journey. This trinity

of manufacturing, infrastructure and

energy along with a focus on digitalisation

can continue to propel India's economic

growth, unlock new business opportunities

and create jobs. It is expected that India's

GDP will double to US$7.5 trillion during

2022-2031 with a substantial rise in the

contribution from manufacturing.

The Union Budget 2023 also seems to

have hit the right notes by prioritising

green and digital economies and

infrastructure creation through increased

capital expenditure allocations. It further

focusses on giving a boost to MSMEs with

a revamped credit scheme.

The Indian economy remains on a strong

footing, with unprecedented levels of

optimism and multiple advantageous

factors at play. The determined

We are pleased to have meaningfully

addressed the needs of our

stakeholders and communities while

assuming a leadership position in

tackling environmental issues. Our ESG

strategy, ‘Transforming for Good’ has

been instrumental in achieving this

objective. We are now evolving this

further with a more comprehensive

approach of ‘Transforming Together’,

to create a greater positive impact on

our stakeholders and society at large.

We are excited about the future and are

progressing with greater energy and

enthusiasm to create value for all.

implementation of various positive

policies and programmes will drive India’s

exceptional growth story for years to come.

Vedanta for a self-reliant India

As India’s largest diversified natural

resources company and one of the largest

corporations globally with businesses

spanning metals, mining and energy, Vedanta

has a distinct advantage in India’s journey of

self-reliance. Our mining expertise powered

by best-in-class technology and talented

people along with a robust value-added

portfolio positions us attractively to harness

the evolving growth opportunity.

We envisage a greater role for us in the

nation’s growth story and in making India

self-reliant for minerals and energy - an

imperative given the growing population and

rising industrial activity. Vedanta is already

expanding its aluminium and zinc capacities.

Our oil and gas operations, which account for

nearly one-quarter of India's production, is

also diversifying its reserves and resources

portfolio towards a vision of contributing 50%

to India’s total Oil and Gas production. We

have already invested US$1.2 billion in the

form of growth capex in FY 2023 to augment

our assets and production. We envisage

committing another US$1.7 billion in FY 2024

towards growth projects.

Delivering all-round performance

This year, we operated against a difficult

and uncertain macro-environment, driven by

prolonged geo-political conflict, subsequent

energy crisis and aggressive monetary

policies adopted by central banks. Our teams

delivered excellent operating performance

despite the challenges posed by uncertain

commodities markets and supply chain

realignments. We reported a strong set of

financial results, `1,45,404 crore in revenue

We reported a strong

set of financial

results, `1,45,404

crore in revenue

and `35,241 crore

in EBITDA. We have

generated a healthy

net-free cash flow

of `18,077 crore.

This all-round

performance is a

testament to our

outstanding portfolio

and accomplished

leadership team.

Expanding Nand Ghar footprint

VEDANTA LIMITED

Integrated Report and Annual Accounts 2022-23

22

23

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

INTEGRATED

REPORT

MESSAGE FROM ThE ChAIRMAN

MESSAGE FROM ThE ChAIRMAN:

Dear Stakeholders,

The Indian economy thrived

during FY 2023, driven by healthy

macroeconomic fundamentals

and domestic consumption

even as interest rates went up.

Commodity prices, however,

moderated, weighed down by

global macroeconomic challenges.

Amid this backdrop, Vedanta once

again demonstrated resilience

and commitment to excellence,

emerging stronger through difficult

times. Our team executed strategies

to ensure steady operational

performance and strong cost

control, resulting in a commendable

financial performance.

our ambitious ESG goals and earned us

prestigious recognition. Vedanta Limited

became the only company from India

this year to get listed in The Dow Jones

Sustainability™ World Index and The Dow

Jones Sustainability™ Emerging Markets

Index. Further, we ranked 6th globally

and 2nd in Asia Pacific in the metal and

mining sector of the S&P Global Corporate

Sustainability Assessment 2022.

Across the Group, agreements for 788 MW of

renewable energy (RE) round-the-clock (RTC)

have been signed, which will take us closer

to our 2.5 GW RE target and help reduce our

carbon footprint significantly. Cairn India’s

iron ore business and Zinc International’s

Black Mountain Mines joined HZL to be

certified water positive. High volume low

toxicity (HVLT) wastes which can potentially

harm human health and degrade the

environment, have been better managed with

unique efforts, resulting in their utilisation

increasing to 162%.

Vedanta raised its first Sustainability Linked

Loan (SLL) from leading international banks

in FY 2023. The loans were granted basis

our decarbonisation and safety performance

parameters. The proceeds of US$250 million

will be utilised for financing capex initiatives

focussed on business growth and achieving a

higher degree of backward integration.

The intent now is to scale up ESG actions with

greater emphasis on inclusive, sustainable

and responsible growth. This is the essence

of our new ‘Transforming Together’ theme

that will help us achieve ESG leadership and

reinforce a value-accretive journey.

Stepping up zero harm culture

We place the utmost importance on the

health and safety of our employees. Despite

our continued efforts, I am deeply saddened

by 13 tragic fatalities this year and the

irreparable loss to their families, friends

and colleagues. We have disseminated the

findings of the investigation reports across

Group companies, and I can assure you that

we are fully focussed on ensuring workplace

safety across our entire business.

The respective business CEOs have already

stepped-up risk management efforts by

implementing fatality learnings and are

spending greater time on the field through

Throughout the year, our sustainability-

focussed and integrated business model

propelled value-creation, delighting our

stakeholders. Vedanta declared the highest-

ever dividend of `101.5 per share to its

shareholders and contributed ~`73,486

crore to the exchequer. We made significant

advancements on crucial Environmental,

Social and Governance (ESG) commitments

besides expanding capacities and our portfolio

of value-added products in line with global

trends and India’s journey of reliance. This

positions us ideally to capitalise on emerging

opportunities, and power the next phase of

growth, which will be more sustainable and

predictable through economic cycles.

The big leap in ESG

At Vedanta, FY 2023 was a year of remarkable

progress on the ESG front led by our

‘Transforming for Good’ purpose. We positively

touched more than 44 million lives, improved

diversity, inclusion and governance practices

and took major strides in the areas of carbon

neutrality, water positivity and a greener

business model. These actions propelled

Visible Felt Leadership (VFL) and personal

safety programmes. Across the plants, safety

infrastructure is being upgraded and training

frequency has been increased. We have also

fast-tracked the roll-out of the Critical Risk

Management (CRM) module to mitigate

three major risk areas of vehicle-pedestrian

interaction, working at heights, and

uncontrolled energy release.

Delivering resilient performance

We delivered an impressive performance

across our businesses, reflecting our

continual focus on establishing a

high-performance, low-cost, long-life asset

base. Our continued focus on high quality,

asset optimisation and digital transformation,

enabled us to maximise asset utilisation.

We achieved robust production volumes and

the highest-ever revenues.

I am delighted to report that we closed

FY 2023 with an 11% growth in revenue to

`1,45,404 crore, EBITDA for the year was

`35,241 crore, with an industry-leading

margin of 28%1. The dual challenges of high

input costs and lower realisations led to a

contraction in margins, which was partially

offset by improved operational performance

and strategic hedging gains. We are actively

pursuing cost optimisation initiatives around

improving linkage coal materialisation

and operational efficiencies to make our

profitability more predictable through

commodity cycles.

As of 31 March 2023, our net debt stood at

`45,260 crore. The balance sheet position

remains strong with healthy cash and

cash equivalents of `20,922 crore and a

robust net debt to EBITDA ratio of 1.3x. The

average term debt maturity is maintained at

~3.4 years.

Employee safety an utmost priority

Our continued

focus on high

quality, asset

optimisation

and digital

transformation,

enabled us to

maximise asset

utilisation.

We achieved robust

production volumes

and the highest-

ever revenues.

Note 1: Excludes copper smelting at Copper Business

VEDANTA LIMITED

Integrated Report and Annual Accounts 2022-23

26

27

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

INTEGRATED

REPORT

MESSAGE FROM ThE CEO & MD:

Managing Director in Texmaco

Rail and Engineering Limited from November

2020 to September 2022. He was also

the: Managing Director of TMILL (Tata

Steel JV), from June 2017 to November

2020 and was the

letter dated

26 October 2018, the parties have now executed the

addendum for PSC extension for 10 years from 15 May

2020 to 14 May 2030 on 27 October 2022.

Ravva block

The Ravva block produced at an average rate of

11,802 boepd, lower by 17% YoY, owing to natural

field decline.

Cambay block

The Cambay block produced at an average rate of

10,777 boepd, higher by 21% YoY, supported by gains

from the infill well drilling campaign.

Prices

Particulars

FY 2023

FY 2022

% change

Average Brent prices –

US$/barrel

96.2

81.15

18%

Crude oil price averaged US$96.2 per barrel in FY 2023,

compared to US$81.15 per barrel in FY 2022. The

continuous upward movement is mostly driven by supply

constraints following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine.

Early in the year, prices rose amid tight supply after a

build in U.S. crude and gasoline stocks, limited spare

capacity of OPEC and downfall in supply from Caspian

Pipeline Consortium. Demand outlook remains clouded

by increasing worries about an economic slump in the

United States and Europe, debt distress in emerging

market economies.

Further, faltering economic backdrop and weakening

outlook for consumption caused a volatility in the oil

prices. Interest rate hike by central banks around the

world weighted on demand outlook and series of rate

hikes by US Fed caused dollar to spiral to two decades

high to make oil more expensive to the buyers holding

currency other than dollar. COVID-19 restrictions in China

and US administration releasing oil inventories from

strategic reserve further eased the prices.

However, in March, financial markets witnessed

uncertainty, triggered by the turmoil in the US and

European banking sector. Concerns about potential

financial contagion effects and the risk that banking sector

turmoil will extend to the economy pushed crude oil prices

sharply down to 15-month lows at US$75/bbl.

In April, decision by OPEC and allies to slash May production

by 5,00,000 bopd in a bid to arrest the slump in prices

provided floor to the prices.

Financial performance

(` crore, unless stated)

Particulars

FY 2023

FY 2022

% change

Revenue

15,038

12,430

21%

EBITDA

7,782

5,992

30%

EBITDA margin

52%

48%

-

Revenue for FY 2023 was 21% higher YoY at `15,038

crore (after profit petroleum and royalty sharing with the

Government of India), as a result of the increase in oil

prices, favourable exchange rate movements partially

offset by lower sales volume. EBITDA for FY 2023 was at

`7,781 crore, higher by 30% YoY as a result of higher brent

prices, favourable exchange rate movement, increase

in capex recovery partially offset by lower volumes and

increased cost.

The Rajasthan operating cost was US$14.2 per barrel

in FY 2023 compared to US$10.1 per barrel in FY 2022,

primarily driven by increase in polymer commodity index,

owing to oil price rally and increased well interventions to

manage natural field decline.

VEDANTA LIMITED

Integrated Report and Annual Accounts 2022-23

144

145

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

INTEGRATED

REPORT:

letter dated 2 February 2022 has

deferred the grant of Environment Clearance till Forest

Clearance Stage-II is granted to ESL. ESL has submitted

its reply against MoEF: letter vide letter dated 11 February

2022 for reconsidering the decision and not linking EC

with FC since as per the applicable law and available

precedents, grant of FC Stage-II is not a condition

precedent for grant of EC. CTO will be procured post

furnishing the EC. The grant of FC was kept at abeyance

for want of Forest Clearance. FC Stage-I is granted to ESL,

while the FC compliance are under process.

raw material prices of coking coal, which continued to

remain high in in Q2 and Q3, when the market prices for steel

products declined sharply.

Unit costs

Particulars

FY 2023

FY 2022

% Change

Steel (US$ per tonne)

656

585

12%

Cost has increased by 12% YoY from US$585 per tonne

to US$656 per tonne in FY 2023, primarily on account of

increase in coking coal prices during the year, uncontrollable

factors and operational inefficiencies.

Financial performance

Particulars

FY 2023

FY 2022

% Change

Revenue

7,852

6,474

21%

EBITDA

316

701

(55%)

EBITDA margin

4%

11%

-

Revenue increased by 21% to `7,852 crore (FY 2022:

`6,474 crore), primarily due to higher volume and NSR.

EBITDA decreased by 55% to `316 crore mainly due to

increased cost partially offset by increased sales realisation.

Strategic priorities & outlook

Steel demand is expected to surge owing to the gradual recovery in economic activities across the world, robust

demand from key sectors and the emphasis of governments to ramp up infrastructure spend in India. With the growing

demand for steel in India, ESL has prioritised to increase its production capacity from 1.5 MTPA to 3 MTPA by FY 2025

and 5 MTPA by FY 2027 with a vision to become high-grade, low-cost steel producer with lowest carbon footprint.

The focus is to operate with the highest Environment, Health and Safety standards, while improving efficiencies and

unit costs.

The focus areas comprise:

Ensuring business continuity

Innovation in Technology for sustainable

operations/production

Development of low-cost CapEx products

(Alloy Steel Segments and Flat Products) to

capture market share

Optimise and significantly reduce logistics

cost over time

Greater focus on Reliability Centred Maintenance

Obtain clean ‘Consent to Operate’ and

environmental clearances

Raw material securitisation through long-term

contracts; approaching FTA countries for

coking coal

Ensure zero harm and zero discharge, fostering a

culture of 24x7 safety culture

VEDANTA LIMITED

Integrated Report and Annual Accounts 2022-23

162

163

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

INTEGRATED

REPORT

letter of the Additional Chief Secretary to the district

collector, namely:

I.

Gypsum evacuation

II.

Operation of Secured Landfill (SLF) leachate

sump pump

III.

Bund rectification of SLF - 4

IV.

Green-belt maintenance

Our copper mine in Australia has remained under

extended care and maintenance since 2013. However,

we continue to evaluate various options for its profitable

restart, given the Government’s current favourable

support and prices.

Strategic priorities & outlook

Over the following year our, focus and priorities

will be to:

Engage with the Government and relevant

authorities to enable the restart of operations

at Copper India;

Improving operating efficiencies, increasing

Sales Margin, reducing our cost profile;

Upgrade technology & digitalisation to ensure

high-quality products and services that sustain

market leadership and surpass customer

expectations; and

Continuous debottlenecking and

upgrading our processing capacities for

increased throughput.

Prices

Particulars

FY 2023

FY 2022

% Change

Average LME cash settlement

prices (US$ per tonne)

8,530

9,689

(12%)

Average LME copper prices reduced by 12% compared

with FY 2022 predominantly due to low demand in China

owing to COVID restrictions.

Financial performance

(` crore, unless stated)

Particulars

FY 2023

FY 2022

% Change

Revenue

17,491

15,151

15%

EBITDA

(4)

(115)

97%

EBITDA margin

0%

(1%)

During the year, revenue was `17,491 crore, an increase

of 15% on the previous year’s revenue of `15,151 crore.

The increase in revenue was mainly due to higher volume,

favourable exchange rate partially offset by lower Copper

LME prices. EBITDA improvement `111 crore mainly

on account of improved operational efficiencies, higher

volumes and increase in Sales Margin largely offset by

a onetime charge against duty entitlement scripts of

`64 crore.

programs. Vedanta is further using digital technologies

to enhance learning experiences through initiatives like

‘Gurukul’ for knowledge-sharing and ‘Knolskape’ for

simulation-based learning.

The Company has been actively promoting diversity

and inclusivity with focus on improving representation

of women, LGBTQ+ and other underprivileged or

underrepresented communities. Programs like ‘V Lead’

and ‘V Engage’ are enabling this. The Company has

also adopted a globally benchmarked methodology

for rewarding and motivating its people and business

partners, for long-term success. To notch-up safety, the

Company launched HSE digital – incident management

module in FY 2023 and also initiated roll-out of a critical

risk management (CRM) module.

The Company’s robust people practices have resulted in

several prestigious awards including Great Place to Work

and Kincentric Best Employer 2022. As of 31 March 2023,

the Company had 87,500+ in total workforce, with women

representation increasing to 14% from 11% previous year.

Information Technology

Technology implementation centred around digitalisation,

automation, data analytics and Industry 4.0 technologies

are major enablers of growth and future-readiness at

Vedanta. The Company has made several investments

towards this to enhance operational productivity, safety

and sustainability. 100% of the Company’s workforce at

digitally literate. Vedanta is currently implementing its

digital transformation phase-2 project, aimed at becoming

smarter and data-driven. Towards this, investments are

being made in advanced technologies like advanced

process control, digital twin, predictive analysis and

asset performance monitoring among others. They are

set to make the operations more reliable and efficient,

with the use of data to analyse performance and take

necessary actions.

Pg. 56

Pg. 102

Pg. 66

VEDANTA LIMITED

Integrated Report and Annual Accounts 2022-23

170

171

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

INTEGRATED

REPORT:

letter

and spirit. The complete Policy is reproduced in full on our

website at www.vedantalimited.com and a snapshot of the

Policy is elucidated in the Corporate Governance Report.

OBSERVANCE OF THE SECRETARIAL STANDARDS

The Directors state that proper systems have been devised

to ensure compliance with the applicable laws. Pursuant

to the provisions of Section 118 of the Act, 2013 during

FY 2023, the Company has adhered with the applicable

provisions of the Secretarial Standards (“SS-1" and “SS-2")

relating to ‘Meetings of the Board of Directors’ and ‘General

Meetings’ issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of

India (“ICSI")andnotifiedbyMCA.

INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS STATEMENT

The Company has received declaration from all the

IndependentDirectorsconfirmingthattheycontinueto

meet the criteria of independence as prescribed under the

Act and Listing Regulations and comply with the Code for

IndependentDirectorsasspecifiedunderScheduleIVof

the Act.

The Directors have also confirmed that they are not

aware of any circumstance or situation, which exists

or may be reasonably anticipated, that could impair

or impact their ability to discharge their duties with

an objective independent judgement and without any

external influence.

In terms of Section 150 of the Act read with Rule 6(1) and

6(2)oftheCompanies(AppointmentandQualificationof

Directors) Rules, 2014, Independent Directors of the Company

haveconfirmedthattheyhaveregisteredthemselveswith

the databank maintained by the Indian Institute of Corporate

Affairs ("IICA").

ANNUAL RETURN

In terms of provisions of Section 92(3), 134(3)(a) of the

Act read with Rule 12 of the Companies (Management and

Administration) Rules, 2014, the Annual Return in Form MGT-

7forthefinancialyearended31March2023isplacedon

the website of the Company and can be accessed at www.

vedantalimited.com.

AUDIT REPORTS AND AUDITORS

Audit Reports:

TheStatutoryAuditorshaveissuedunmodifiedopiniononthe

financialstatementsoftheCompanyasofandfortheyear

ended 31 March 2023.

•

The Statutory Auditors’ report for FY 2023 does not

containanyqualification,reservationoradverse

remarks which calls for any explanation from the Board

of Directors. The Auditors’ report is enclosed with the

financialstatementsintheAnnualReport.

•

The Secretarial Audit Report for FY 2023 does not

containanyqualification,reservation,oradverseremark.

The report in form MR-3 along with Annual Secretarial

Compliance Report is enclosed as 'Annexure D' to the

Directors’ Report. Further, in terms of Regulation 24(a) of

Listing Regulations, the Secretarial Audit Report of BALCO,

an unlisted material subsidiary of the Company is also

enclosed as 'Annexure D-1' to this report.

Auditors Certificates:

•

AspertheListingRegulations,theauditors’certificate

on corporate governance is enclosed as an Annexure

to the Corporate Governance Report forming part of the

AnnualReport.TheCertificatedoesnotcontainanyother

qualification,reservation,oradverseremarkexceptas

mentioned in the report.

•

AcertificatefromCompanySecretaryinPractice

certifying that none of the directors on the Board of the

Companyhavebeendebarredordisqualifiedfrombeing

appointed or continuing as directors of companies by the

SEBI/MCA or any such statutory authority forms part of

theCorporateGovernance Report.

Auditors:

Statutory Auditors



M/s S.R. Batliboi & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration No. 301003E/E300005) had been appointed as the Statutory

Auditors of the Company in the 56thAnnualGeneralMeetingtoholdofficeforaperiodoffive(5)yearstotheconclusionof61st Annual

General Meeting.



TheAuditorshaveconfirmedthattheyarenotdisqualifiedfrombeingre-appointedasStatutoryAuditorsoftheCompany.



ThereportoftheStatutoryAuditorsalongwithnotestofinancialstatementsisenclosedtothisReport.TheNotesonfinancial

statements referred to in the Auditors’ Report are self-explanatory and do not call for any further comments.



TheAuditorshavealsofurnishedadeclarationconfirmingtheirindependenceaswellastheirarm’slengthrelationshipwiththe

Company. The Audit & Risk Management Committee reviews the independence and objectivity of the auditors and the effectiveness

of the audit process.



The Statutory Auditors were present at the last AGM of the Company.

VEDANTA LIMITED

Integrated Report and Annual Accounts 2022-23

196:

letter dated 29 May 2018, cancelled

342.22 acres of the land allotted to Vedanta Limited for the

proposed expansion project. Further, the TNPCB issued

orders on 07 June 2018, directing the withdrawal of the

consent to establish the expansion project, which was valid

until31March2023.InawritfiledbeforeMadrasHigh

Court Madurai Bench challenging the lease cancellation

order, Madras High Court through its order dated 03 October

2018 has granted an interim stay in favour of the Company

cancelling on the cancellation of 342.22 acres of the land

allotted.

Further, on 07 June 2018, TNPCB withdrew the CTE granted

foraperiodoffive(05)yearsfortheexpansionproject.The

CompanyhasfiledAppealsbeforetheTNPCBAppellate

Authority challenging withdrawal of CTE by the TNPCB.

CHANGE IN NATURE OF BUSINESS OF COMPANY

There is no change in the nature of business of your

Company during the year under review.

FAILURE TO IMPLEMENT ANY CORPORATE ACTION

There were no instances where the Company failed to

implementanycorporateactionwithinthespecifiedtimelimit.

9. AWARDS AND RECOGNITION

In a bid to keep ensuring its relentless quest for growth

and excellence, the Company continues to be committed

towards maintaining the highest standards of corporate

governance and sustainable practices. As a recognition

for our unconventional innovations and focussed drive to

achieve best-in-class operations, the Company has been

winning a multitude of accolades at various forums while

acquiring plaudits as the recipient of numerous prestigious

awards for demonstrating its business ethos.

These embellishments to Vedanta’s cognizant candidature

deliver a testament to the progress made by the Company

and honor its diligent efforts towards delivering value for

the welfare of all stakeholders and the society as a whole.

The details of the key recognitions secured by the Company

have been highlighted in a separate section in the Annual

Report.

10. DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT

As stipulated in Section 134 of the Act, your Directors

subscribe to the “Directors’ Responsibility Statement” and

tothebestoftheirknowledgeandability,herebyconfirms

that:

(a) in the preparation of the annual accounts, the

applicable accounting standards have been followed

and there are no material departures from the same;

(b) they have selected such accounting policies and applied

them consistently and made judgments and estimates

that are reasonable and prudent so as to give a true

and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company at

theendofFY2023andoftheprofitandlossofthe

Company for that period;

(c) theyhavetakenproperandsufficientcareforthe

maintenance of adequate accounting records in

accordance with the provisions of the Act, 2013 for

safeguarding the Company’s assets and for preventing

and detecting fraud and other irregularities;

(d) the annual accounts have been prepared on a going

concern basis;

(e) theyhavelaiddowninternalfinancialcontrolsto

be followed by the Company and that such internal

financialcontrolsareadequateandareoperating

effectively; and

(f)

proper systems have been devised to ensure

compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws

and that such systems were adequate and operating

effectively.

11. ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS AND APPRECIATION

At Vedanta, our business is deftly managed by an adroit

set of leaders with global and diverse experience in the

sector in order to accomplish the mission of carving our

niche as the leading global natural resource company. The

professionally equipped and technically sound management

has set progressive policies and objectives, follows best

global practices, all with a plausible vision to take the

Company ahead to the next level.

Having received external reassurance in all our

commitments over the years, the Directors take this

opportunity to place on record, their sincere appreciation

for the Central and State government authorities, bankers,

stockexchanges,financialinstitutions,depositories,

analysts, advisors, local communities, customers, vendors,

business partners, shareholders, and investors forming part

of the Vedanta family for their sustained support, admirable

assistance and endless encouragement extended to the

group at all levels.

We would also like to express our earnest regard to all

employees for their ardent enthusiasm and interminable

effortsdirectedtowardslodgingsignificantandeffective

contributions to the continued growth of the Company. Our

heartiest gratitude is further undertaken to be rendered to all

our stakeholders for their unflinching faith in the Company.

We look forward for bestowal of your continued support

and solidarity in future as we diligently strive to deliver

enhanced value for our stakeholders and inscribe on the

footprints of nation building for one of the fastest growing

economies of the world.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Anil Agarwal

Non-Executive Chairman

DIN: 00010883

Place: London

Date: 12 May 2023

203

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

INTEGRATED

REPORT

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS:

letter

dated 29 April 2022. The secretarial audit was conducted

in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis for

evaluating the corporate conduct/statutory compliances and

expressing our opinion thereon.

BasedonourverificationoftheCompany’sbooks,papers,

minutebooks,formsandreturnsfiledandotherrecords

maintained by the Company and also the information

providedbytheCompany,itsofficers,agentsandauthorised

representatives during the conduct of secretarial audit, we

hereby report that in our opinion, subject to our comments

herein, the Company has, during the Audit Period, complied

with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that

the Company has proper Board-processes and compliance-

mechanism in place.

We have examined the books, papers, minutes, forms

andreturnsfiledandotherrecordsmaintainedbythe

Company for the Audit Period, according to the provisions of

applicable law provided hereunder:

a)

The Companies Act, 2013 (“Act") and the rules made

thereunder including any re-enactment thereof;

b)

Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the

rules and regulations made thereunder to the extent of

Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment

and External Commercial Borrowings;

c)

The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956

(“SCRA") and the rules made thereunder;

d)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 (“Listing Regulations");

e)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition

of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;

f)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers)

Regulations, 2011;

g)

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based

EmployeeBenefitsandSweatEquity)Regulations,

2021;

h)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Debenture

Trustee) Regulations, 1993 (in relation to obligations of

Issuer Company);

i)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars

to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations,

1993 to the extent applicable to/dealing with the

Company;

j)

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Depositories

and Participants) Regulations, 2018;

k)

Specificlawsapplicabletotheindustrytowhichthe

Companybelongs,asidentifiedandconfirmedbythe

Company, compliance whereof as examined on test-

checkbasisandasconfirmedbythemanagement,that

is to say:

1.

The Mines Act, 1952 and Rules made thereunder;

and

2.

The Mines and Minerals (Development and

Regulation) Act, 1957 and Rules made thereunder

We have also examined compliance with the applicable

clauses of the Secretarial Standards for Board Meetings

(“SS-1") and for General Meetings (“SS-2") issued by the

Institute of Company Secretaries of India.

We report that during the Audit Period, the Company has

complied with the provisions of the applicable Act, rules,

regulations, guidelines, standards etc.

During the Audit Period, the Company has undertaken

transactions with its holding company, Vedanta Resources

Limited (“VRL"), and has made payment of Brand License

and Strategic Services Fee (“BSF"), for FY 2023 and FY 2024.

The Company has relied upon an opinion, with respect to

non-aggregation of transactions relating to brand usage

with other transactions with the related party, for the

purpose of materiality under proviso to Reg. 23(1) r/w Reg.

23(4) of Listing Regulations, and has, therefore, applied the

limits under Reg. 23(1A) separately.

227

DIRECTORS' REPORT

INTEGRATED

REPORT

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS:

letter of even date which is

annexed as ‛Annexure I’ and forms an integral part of this

report.

VEDANTA LIMITED

Integrated Report and Annual Accounts 2022-23

228:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility

of the management of the Company. Our responsibility

is to express an opinion on these secretarial records

based on our audit. The list of documents for the

purpose, as seen by us, is listed in ‛Annexure II';

2.

We have followed the audit practices and the processes

as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance

about the correctness of the contents of the secretarial

records.Theverificationwasdoneonatestbasisto

ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial

records. We believe that the processes and practices

we followed, provide a reasonable basis for our opinion;

3.

Our Audit examination is restricted only upto legal

compliances of the applicable laws to be done by the

Company, we have not checked the practical aspects

relating to the same;

4.

Wherever our Audit has required our examination

of books and records maintained by the Company,

we have relied upon electronic versions of such

books and records, as provided to us through online

communication. Considering the effectiveness of

information technology tools in the audit processes,

wehaveconductedonlineverificationandexamination

of records, as facilitated by the Company, for the

purpose of issuing this Report. In doing so, we have

followed the guidance as issued by the Institute. We

haveconductedonlineverificationandexaminationof

records, as facilitated by the Company;

5.

Wehavenotverifiedthecorrectnessand

appropriatenessoffinancialrecordsandbooksof

accounts of the Company as well as the correctness of

thevaluesandfiguresreportedinvariousdisclosures

and returns as required to be submitted by the

Companyunderthespecifiedlaws,thoughwehave

relied to a certain extent on the information furnished in

such returns;

6.

We have held discussion with the management on

several points and wherever required, we have obtained

the management representation about the compliance

of laws, rules and regulations and happening of

events etc.;

7.

The compliance of the provisions of corporate and

other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is

the responsibility of the management. Our examination

waslimitedtotheverificationofprocedureon

test basis;

8.

Due to the inherent limitations of an audit including

internal,financial,andoperatingcontrols,thereisan

unavoidable risk that some misstatements or material

non-compliances may not be detected, even though the

audit is properly planned and performed in accordance

with audit practices;

9.

The contents of this Report has to be read in

conjunction with and not in isolation of the

observations, if any, in the report(s) furnished/to be

furnished by any other auditor(s)/agencies/authorities

with respect to the Company;

10. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as

tothefutureviabilityoftheCompanynoroftheefficacy

or effectiveness with which the management has

conducted the affairs of the Company.

Annexure I

Auditor and Management Responsibility

ANNEXURE TO SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

229

DIRECTORS' REPORT

INTEGRATED

REPORT

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS:

letter dated 04 November 2022. The secretarial audit was

conducted in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis

for evaluating the corporate conduct/statutory compliances

and expressing our opinion thereon.

BasedonourverificationoftheCompany’sbooks,papers,

minutebooks,formsandreturnsfiledandotherrecords

maintained by the Company and also the information

providedbytheCompany,itsofficers,agentsand

authorised representatives during the conduct of secretarial

audit, we hereby report that in our opinion, the Company

has, during the Audit Period, complied with the statutory

provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company has

proper Board-processes and compliance-mechanism in

place.

We have examined the books, papers, minutes, forms

andreturnsfiledandotherrecordsmaintainedbythe

Company for the Audit Period, according to the provisions of

applicable law provided hereunder:

1.

The Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) and the rules made

thereunder including any re-enactment thereof;

2.

The Depositories Act, 1996 and the regulations and bye-

laws framed thereunder;

3.

Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the

rules and regulations made thereunder to the extent of

External Commercial Borrowings;

4.

Specificlawsapplicabletotheindustrytowhich

theCompanybelongs,asidentifiedandcompliance

whereofasconfirmedbythemanagement,thatisto

say:

a)

The Mines Act, 1952 and Rules made thereunder.

b)

The Mines and Minerals (Development and

Regulation) Act, 1957, and the Rules made

thereunder.

c)

The Electricity Act, 2003 and rules and regulations

made thereunder.

We have also examined compliance with the applicable

clauses of the Secretarial Standards for Board Meetings

("SS-1") and for General Meetings ("SS-2") issued by the

Institute of Company Secretaries of India.

We report that during the Audit Period, the Company has

complied with the provisions of the Act, rules, standards etc.

mentioned above.

We further report that:

The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted

with a proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive

Directors and Independent Directors. The changes in the

composition of the Board of Directors that took place during

the Audit Period, were carried out in compliance with the

provisions of the Act and other applicable laws except that

there are two government nominees appointed during the

Audit Period. As per the understanding and practice of the

Company, the government nominees are appointed on the

Board as per the executed Shareholders Agreement directly

upon receipt of order: letter from the Ministry of Mines.

Noting of such appointment is made in the immediate next

meeting of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee

(“NRC”) and Board meeting. We have recommended the

Company to route any appointment of directors through

NRC, Board and approval from the shareholders as required

under clause (2) and (6)(a)(ii) of section 152 of the Act.

We observe that during the Audit Period, there were only

two directors liable to retire by rotation and one of them

beinglongestinoffice,retiredattheannualgeneralmeeting

and being eligible offered himself for re-appointment

and was re-appointed on the Board. The Company has a

practice of not considering government nominee directors

in the category of directors retiring by rotation. We have

recommended to the Company to include the government

nominees as well for the calculation of total number of

directors liable to retire by rotation pursuant to section

152(6)(d) and explanation thereof.

Adequate notice is given to all directors to schedule the

Board Meetings and Committee meetings, agenda and

detailed notes on agenda were sent at least seven days

in advance except for the meeting(s) convened at shorter

notice with due compliance of Act and SS-1. Further, a

system exists for seeking and obtaining further information

andclarificationsontheagendaitemsbeforethemeeting

and for meaningful participation at the meeting.

ANNEXURE D-1

231

DIRECTORS' REPORT

INTEGRATED

REPORT

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

letter of even date which is

annexed as ‘Annexure I’ and forms an integral part of this

report.

To,

The Members,

Bharat Aluminium Co. Ltd.

Our Secretarial Audit Report of even date is to be read along

with this: letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility

of the management of the Company. Our responsibility

is to express an opinion on these secretarial records

based on our audit. The list of documents for the

purpose, as seen by us, is listed in ‛Annexure II';

2.

We have followed the audit practices and the

processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable

assurance about the correctness of the contents of

thesecretarialrecords.Theverificationwasdoneona

test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in

secretarial records. We believe that the processes and

practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for

our opinion;

3.

Our Audit examination is restricted only upto legal

compliances of the applicable laws to be done by the

Company, we have not checked the practical aspects

relating to the same;

4.

Wherever our Audit has required our examination

of books and records maintained by the Company,

we have relied upon electronic versions of such

books and records, as provided to us through online

communication. Given the challenges and limitations

posed by COVID-19, lockdown restrictions (wherever

applicable), as well as considering the effectiveness of

information technology tools in the audit processes,

wehaveconductedonlineverificationandexamination

of records, as facilitated by the Company, for the

purpose of issuing this Report. In doing so, we have

followed the guidance as issued by the Institute. We

haveconductedonlineverificationandexaminationof

records, as facilitated by the Company;

5.

Wehavenotverifiedthecorrectnessand

appropriatenessoffinancialrecordsandbooksof

accounts of the Company as well as correctness of the

valuesandfiguresreportedinvariousdisclosuresand

returns as required to be submitted by the Company

underthespecifiedlaws,thoughwehavereliedtoa

certain extent on the information furnished in such

returns;

6.

Wherever required, we have obtained the management

representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulation and happening of events etc;

7.

The compliance of the provisions of corporate and other

applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the

responsibility of the management. Our examination was

limitedtotheverificationofprocedureontestbasis;

Annexure I

Auditor and Management Responsibility

ANNEXURE TO SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

VEDANTA LIMITED

Integrated Report and Annual Accounts 2022-23

232

letter detailing the terms and

conditions of appointment of Non-Executive Independent

Directors is available on the Company’s website

www.vedantalimited.com. The Board decides the payment

of commission within the limits approved by the members

subjecttothelimitnotexceeding1%ofthenetprofitsof

the Company. Further, it may be noted that no stock options

were issued to the Non-Executive Independent Directors

during the reporting year.

The details of remuneration paid/payable to the Directors

during FY 2023 are as follows:

Circulation of Agenda



TheAgendaisfinalisedbytheCompanySecretary,indiscussionwiththeCFO,CEO,Vice-ChairmanandChairman;



All the Agenda papers are disseminated electronically on a real-time basis. The papers are uploaded on a secured online platform

specificallydesignedforthispurpose,therebyeliminatingcirculationofprintedagendapapers.Theonlineplatformalsoenablesthe

Board to access the historical agendas, minutes, constitutional documents, committee charters etc. It enables the participants to make

notes and exchange notes amongst each other under a secured environment;



The Agenda papers other than in nature of UPSI are circulated well in advance as per statutory requirements and those in nature of

UPSI are circulated at least 24 hours in advance with the approval of the Board.

251

REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

INTEGRATED

REPORT

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS:

Letter of Comfort to and on behalf of Company/Wholly

Owned Subsidiaries/Subsidiaries/Associate Companies in relation to loans and facilities availed by them; and



Purchase, acquire, subscribe, transfer, sell, redeem or otherwise deal in the shares/securities of other Company/body corporate or any

other entity(s) other than for the purpose of trading.

Treasury



Consider,reviewandapprovealltheborrowingproposalsincludingfinancingproposalswithintheoveralllimitsapprovedbytheBoard

from time to time and to create security/charge(s) on all or any of the assets of the Company as may be required for the purpose of the

said borrowings and to do such other incidental and ancillary activities as may be deemed necessary for execution;



Assess and allocate the working capital limits to business units; and



Consider, review and approve treasury related proposals within the overall limit approved by the Board.

Security related proposals



Review,considerandapprovesecuritiesrelatedproposalsincludingallotmentofsecurities,issuanceofduplicatesharecertificates

upon split, consolidation, renewal, remat; and



Consider and review the proposals for buyback of debentures/bonds issued by the Company from time.

General Authorisation



Nominate and appoint nominee directors on subsidiary, joint ventures, associate companies;



Authorisation w.r.t account operation including opening, closing and operation of bank account, demat account etc.; and



Subsidiary Governance and oversight.

Financial Matters



ReviewandapproveallpoliciesrelatedtothefinancialmattersoftheCompanyinteraliaInvestmentpolicy,ForeignExchangePolicy,

Commodity Hedging Policy, Banking Authorisation Policy.

The Committee is entrusted with the following responsibilities:

The details of the meetings of COD are given in the earlier section to this report.

Share and Debenture Transfer Committee

The Share and Debenture Transfer Committee is primarily

entrusted with the following responsibilities:

•

Allotment of shares, debentures, or any other

securities; and

•

Review and approval of transfer, transmission, deletion

and transposition of shares, debentures, or any other

securities.

The composition details of the Committee as on 31 March

2023 is provided below:

Share and Debenture Transfer Committee:

1.

DD Jalan, Member

2.

Anupam Kumar, Member*

3.

Jagdeep Singh, Member

* Mr. Ajay Goel ceased to be a member of Share and Debenture

Transfer Committee with effect from close of business hours on

09 April 2023.

Mr. Anupam Kumar, Dy. Chief Financial Officer of the Company

has been inducted as the Member of the Share and Debenture

Transfer Committee with effect from 12 May 2023.

Executive Committee

The Executive Committee ("EXCO") is responsible for

day-to-day running of the Company and meets on

a monthly basis. It is entrusted with executing the

strategy adopted by the Board; allocating resources

in line with delegated authorities; managing risk; and

monitoringtheoperationalandfinancialperformance

of the Company. Authority is delegated by the Executive

Committee to the respective CEOs of each of the

businesses. The Group CEO keeps the Board informed

of the EXCO’s activities through his standing reports

placed before the Board.

Group Management Committee

Vedanta continues to embark upon the enriching journey

of growth and expansion with best-in-class safety,

benchmarktechnology,andcost-efficientpractices.The

design and culture of our organisation is cohesively built

in a manner which aims to ensure that the Group has the

right MIP to drive the business and take the organisation

to the next level.

VEDANTA LIMITED

Integrated Report and Annual Accounts 2022-23

264:

letter was

also sent to the shareholders detailing the above requirements. The forms can be downloaded from the website of the Company at

www.vedantalimited.com and also from the website of the RTA atwww.kfintech.com.

Unclaimed Dividend/Shares

Reminders are sent to shareholders to encourage them to timely claim their unclaimed dividend and shares before the same is

transferred to the IEPF Account.

The Company has also uploaded the details of unpaid and unclaimed dividend amounts lying with the Company on the Company’s

website at www.vedantalimited.com.

Pursuant to the provisions of Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016,

as amended, the shares on which dividend remains unpaid/unclaimed for seven consecutive years or more shall be transferred to the

IEPF after giving due notices to the concerned shareholders. Accordingly, the details of equity shares transferred are also available on

the Company’s website at www.vedantalimited.com.

Appeal to Shareholders

Registration of Nomination

Registrationofnominationmakeseasyfordependentstoaccessyourinvestmentsandsetouttheproportionofyourbenefitstothe

nominees.

The Company has duly provided the facility of updation of nominees to the shareholders.

The shareholders holding physical units can submit the nomination form SH-13 which is available on the website of the Company at

www.vedantalimited.com and the demat holders can contact their respective depository participant for the necessary updations.

Conversion of Securities into Dematerialised form

Shareholders are also encouraged to open Demat accounts to eliminate bad delivery, saves stamp duty on transfers, ensures faster

settlement, eases portfolio management and provides ‘on-line’ access through internet.

SEBI vide Circular SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8 dated 25 January 2022 issued guidelines for Issuance of Securities

in dematerialised form in case of investor service request. In accordance with the circular, the Company post 25 January 2022 shall

issue the securities in dematerialised form onlywhileprocessingtheinvestors’requestsforIssueofduplicatecertificate,Claimfrom

UnclaimedSuspenseAccount,Renewal/Exchange/Endorsement/Sub-division/Splittingofcertificate,Consolidationofcertificates/

folios, Transmission and Transposition.

ThesecurityholdershallsubmitdulyfilledISR-4totheRTAforprocessingofservicerequests.Theformisavailableatthewebsiteof

the Company at www.vedantalimited.com and also at the website of the RTA at www.kfintech.com.

Considering that SEBI has disallowed the physical transfer/issuance of equity shares in physical mode, shareholders are requested to

convert their equity holding into dematerialised form for ease of dealing in securities markets and processing the service requests.

267

REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

INTEGRATED

REPORT

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS:

Letter of Intent

(LOI) from the Government of Goa.

•

The Company’s copper business is principally

one of custom smelting and includes captive

power plants at Tuticorin in Southern India. The

Company's copper business in Tamil Nadu, India

has received an order from the Tamil Nadu Pollution

Control Board (“TNPCB”) on 09 April 2018, rejecting

the Company’s application for renewal of consent

to operate under the Air and Water Acts for the

400,000 tpa copper smelter plant in Tuticorin for

wantoffurtherclarificationandconsequentlythe

operationsweresuspended.TheCompanyhasfiled

an appeal with TNPCB Appellate authority against

the said order. During the pendency of the appeal,

TNPCB through its order dated 23 May 2018 ordered

for disconnection of electricity supply and closure

of copper smelter plant. Post such order, the state

government on 28 May 2018 ordered the permanent

closure of the plant. We continue to engage with

the Government of India and relevant authorities to

enable the restart of operations at Copper India.

Further, the Company’s copper business includes

refineryandrodplantSilvassaconsistingof

a 133,000 MT of blister/ secondary material

processingplant,a216,000tpacopperrefineryplant

and a copper rod mill with an installed capacity

of 258,000 tpa. The plant continues to operate as

usual, catering to the domestic market. (Refer note

3(c)(A)(iii)).

•

The Company’s aluminium business include a

refineryandcaptivepowerplantatLanjigarhand

a smelter and captive power plants at Jharsuguda

both situated in the State of Odisha in Eastern India.

•

The Company’s power operations include a thermal

coal-based commercial power facility of 600 MW at

Jharsuguda in the State of Odisha in Eastern India.

Besides the above, the Company has business interest

in zinc, lead, silver, iron ore, steel, ferro alloys and other

products and services through its subsidiaries in India

and overseas.



ThesearetheCompany’sseparatefinancial

statements.

2

Basis of preparation and basis of

measurement of financial statements

(a) Basis of preparation

i)

Thesefinancialstatementshavebeenprepared

in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards

346

VEDANTA LIMITED

Integrated Report and Annual Accounts 2022-23

NOTES

forming part of the financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 March 2023:

letter dated 29 May 2018, cancelled

342.22 acres of the land allotted for the proposed

Expansion Project. Further, the TNPCB issued

orders on 07 June 2018 directing the withdrawal

of the Consent to Establish ("CTE") which was

valid till 31 March 2023.

The Company has also appealed this action

before the TNPCB Appellate Authority. The matter

has been adjourned until the conclusion of special

leavepetitionfiledbeforetheSupremeCourt.

The Company has approached Madras High

Court by way of writ petition challenging the

cancellation of lease deeds by SIPCOT pursuant

to which an interim stay has been granted. The

Company has also appealed this action before the

TNPCB Appellate Authority. The matter has been

adjourned until the conclusion of special leave

petitionfiledbeforetheSupremeCourt.

Considering the delay in existing plant matter and

accordingly delay in getting the required approval

for Expansion Project, management considered

to make provision for impairment for Expansion

Project basis fair value less cost of disposal. The

net carrying value of ` 17 Crore as at 31 March

2023 (31 March 2022: ` 41 Crore) approximates

its recoverable value.

Property, plant and equipment of ` 1,033 Crore

(31 March 2022: ` 1,213 Crore) and inventories

of ` 269 Crore (31 March 2022: ` 301 Crore),

pertaining to existing and expansion plant, could

notbephysicallyverified,anytimeduringtheyear,

as the access to the plant is presently restricted.

However, any difference between book and

physical quantities is unlikely to be material.

(iv) Oil and Gas reserves



Significanttechnicalandcommercialjudgements

are required to determine the Company’s

estimated oil and natural gas reserves.

Reserves considered for computing depletion

are proved reserves for acquisition costs and

proved and developed reserves for successful

exploratory wells, development wells, processing

facilities, distribution assets, estimated future

abandonment cost and all other related costs.

Reserves for this purpose are considered on

working interest basis which are reassessed

at least annually. Details of such reserves are

given in note 43. Changes in reserves as a result

of change in management assumptions could

impact the depreciation rates and the carrying

value of assets (refer note 5).

(v) Carrying value of developing/producing oil and

gas assets

Management performs impairment tests on

the Company’s developing/producing oil and

gas assets where indicators of impairment are

identifiedinaccordancewithIndAS36.

The impairment assessments are based on a

range of estimates and assumptions, including:

Estimates/

assumptions

Basis

Future

production

proved and probable reserves,

production facilities, resource

estimates and expansion projects

Commodity

prices

management’s best estimate

benchmarked with external sources of

information, to ensure they are within

the range of available analyst forecast

Discount to

price

management’s best estimate based

on historical prevailing discount and

updated sales contracts

Period

for Rajasthan block, cash flows are

considered based on economic life of

thefield

Discount rates

cost of capital risk-adjusted for the risk

specifictotheasset/CGU

366

VEDANTA LIMITED

Integrated Report and Annual Accounts 2022-23

NOTES

forming part of the financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 March 2023:

Letter of Credit issued under working capital facilities sanctioned by domestic banks.

PartofthesefacilitiesaresecuredbyfirstparipassuchargeoverthepresentandfuturecurrentassetsoftheCompany.

20 Financial liabilities - Others

(` in Crore)

Particulars

As at 31 March 2023

As at 31 March 2022

Non-current

Current

Total Non-current

Current

Total

Liability for capital expenditure

-

7,082

7,082

192

6,427

6,619

Security deposits and retentions

-

39

39

-

29

29

Interest accrued but not due

-

445

445

-

180

180

Unpaid/unclaimed dividend a

-

114

114

-

96

96

Dividend payable

-

7,613

7,613

-

-

-

Unpaid matured deposits and interest accrued

thereon b

-

0

0

-

0

0

Profitpetroleumpayable

-

1,849

1,849

-

1,413

1,413

Dues to related parties (Refer note 39)

-

287

287

-

155

155

Other liabilities c

-

996

996

-

1,502

1,502

Total

-

18,425

18,425

192

9,802

9,994

396

VEDANTA LIMITED

Integrated Report and Annual Accounts 2022-23

NOTES

forming part of the financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 March 2023:

letterdated

21 October2022hasconveyedthegrantofapprovalofextensionofPSCfor10yearsfrom15May2020to14May

2030 and the PSC addendum has been executed by the parties on 27 October 2022.

DGH, in September 2022, has trued up the earlier demand raised till 31 March 2018 up to 14 May 2020 for Government’s

additionalshareofProfitoilbasedonitscomputationofdisallowanceofcostincurredoverretrospectivere-allocation

of certain common costs between Development Areas (DAs) of Rajasthan Block and certain other matters aggregating

to ` 9,545 Crore (US$ 1,162 million) applicable interest thereon representing share of the Company and its subsidiary.

442

VEDANTA LIMITED

Integrated Report and Annual Accounts 2022-23

NOTES

forming part of the financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 March 2023:

Letter of Intent

(LOI) from the Government of Goa.

In addition, the Group’s iron ore business also

includes a wholly owned subsidiary, Western

Cluster Limited (“WCL”) in Liberia which has iron

ore assets. WCL’s assets include development

rights to Western Cluster and a network of iron ore

deposits in West Africa. During the current year,

WCL has signed a Memorandum of Understanding

with the Government of Liberia to re-start its mining

operations in Liberia. Commercial production of

saleable ore commenced from July 2022 followed

by shipments from December 2022.

•

The Group’s copper business is owned and operated

by the Company, Copper Mines of Tasmania Pty Ltd

(“CMT”) and Fujairah Gold FZC and is principally

one of custom smelting and includes captive power

plants at Tuticorin in Southern India.

The Group’s copper business in Tamil Nadu, India

has received an order from the Tamil Nadu Pollution

Control Board (“TNPCB”) on 09 April 2018, rejecting

the Company’s application for renewal of consent

to operate under the Air and Water Acts for the

4,00,000 TPA copper smelter plant in Tuticorin for

wantoffurtherclarificationandconsequentlythe

operationsweresuspended.TheCompanyhasfiled

an appeal with TNPCB Appellate authority against

the said order. During the pendency of the appeal,

TNPCB through its order dated 23 May 2018 ordered

462

VEDANTA LIMITED

Integrated Report and Annual Accounts 2022-23:

letter dated 29 May

2018, cancelled 342.22 acres of the land allotted

for the proposed Expansion Project. Further, the

TNPCB issued orders on 07 June 2018 directing the

withdrawal of the Consent to Establish ("CTE") which

was valid till 31 March 2023.

The Company has also appealed this action before

the TNPCB Appellate Authority. The matter has been

adjourned until the conclusion of special leave petition

filedbeforetheSupremeCourt.

The Company has approached Madras High Court

by way of writ petition challenging the cancellation

of lease deeds by SIPCOT pursuant to which an

interim stay has been granted. The Company has

also appealed this action before the TNPCB Appellate

Authority. The matter has been adjourned until the

conclusionofspecialleavepetitionfiledbeforethe

Supreme Court. Considering the delay in existing

plant matter and accordingly delay in getting the

required approval for Expansion Project, management

considered to make provision for impairment for

Expansion Project basis fair value less cost of

disposal. The net carrying value of ` 17 Crore as at 31

March 2023 (31 March 2022: ` 41 Crore) approximates

its recoverable value.

Property, plant and equipment of ` 1,033 Crore (31

March 2022: ` 1,213 Crore) and inventories of ` 269

Crore (31 March 2022: ` 301 Crore), pertaining to

existing and expansion plant, could not be physically

verified,anytimeduringtheyear,astheaccesstothe

plant is presently restricted. However, any difference

between book and physical quantities is unlikely to

be material.

(iv) ESLSteelLimited("ESL"),hadfiledapplicationfor

renewalofCTOon24August2017fortheperiodoffive

years which was denied by Jharkhand State Pollution

Control Board ("JSPCB") on 23 August 2018, as JSPCB

awaited response from the MoEFCC over a 2012

show-cause notice. After a personal hearing towards

the show cause notice, the MoEFCC revoked the

Environment Clearance ("EC") on 20 September 2018.

The High Court of Jharkhand granted stay against both

revocation orders and allowed the continuous running

of the plant operations under regulatory supervision

of the JSPCB. Jharkhand High Court, on 16 September

2020, passed an order vacating the interim stay in

place beyond 23 September 2020, while listed the

matterforfinalhearing.ESLurgentlyfiledapetition

in the Hon’ble Supreme Court, and on 22 September

2020, ESL was granted permission to run the plant till

further orders.

The Forest Advisory Committee ("FAC") of the MoEFCC

granted the Stage 1 clearance and the MoEFCC

approved the related Terms of Reference ("TOR") on

25 August 2020. ESL presented its proposal before the

Expert Appraisal Committee ("EAC") after completing

the public consultation process and the same has

been recommended for grant of EC subject to Forest

Clearance by the EAC in its 41st meeting dated 29

and 30 July 2021. Vide: letter dated 25 August 2021,

the MoEFCC rejected the EC “as of now” due to stay

granted by Madras High Court vide order dated 15 July

2021inaPublicInterestLitigationfiledagainstthe

Standard Operating Procedure which was issued by

the MoEFCC for regularization of violation case on 07

July 2021. The Hon’ble Supreme Court vide order dated

09 December 2021 decided the matter by directing

the MoEFCC to process the EC application of ESL as

per the applicable law within a period of three months.

The MoEFCC vide its letter dated 02 February 2022

has deferred the grant of EC till Forest Clearance ("FC")

Stage-II is granted to ESL. ESL has submitted its reply

against the MoEFCC letter vide letter dated 11 February

485

CONSOLIDATED

INTEGRATED

REPORT

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

Letter of Credit issued under working capital facilities sanctioned by domestic banks. Part of these facilities are

securedbyfirstparipassuchargeoverthepresentandfuturecurrentassetsoftheGroup.

515

CONSOLIDATED

INTEGRATED

REPORT

STATUTORY

REPORTS

FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS:

letter.

The Revisional Authority vide its order dated 14 March 2023 has put stay on the impugned demand notices and directed

the State Government not to take any coercive action to realize the demand till further orders.

Also, ESL has received the demand notices dated 11 April 2023 aggregating `50Croreforthefirstquarterofthe

second-year lease period from 20 November 2022 till 19 November 2023 for both the mines, to which ESL has replied

stating that these demand notices shall be kept in abeyance till the pendency of the proceedings before the Revisionary

552

VEDANTA LIMITED

Integrated Report and Annual Accounts 2022-23:

letterdated21

October 2022 has conveyed the grant of approval of extension of PSC for 10 years from 15 May 2020 to 14 May 2030

and the PSC addendum has been executed by the parties on 27 October 2022.

DGH, in September 2022, has trued up the earlier demand raised till 31 March 2018 upto 14 May 2020 for Government’s

additionalshareofProfitoilbasedonitscomputationofdisallowanceofcostincurredoverretrospectivere-

allocation of certain common costs between Development Areas (DAs) of Rajasthan Block and certain other matters

aggregatingto ` 9,545 Crore (US$ 1,162 million) applicable interest thereon representing share of Vedanta Limited and

its subsidiary.



TheGrouphasdisputedtheaforesaiddemandandtheotherauditexceptions,notifiedtilldate,asintheGroup’sview

the audit notings are not in accordance with the PSC and are entirely unsustainable. Further, as per PSC provisions,

disputed notings do not prevail and accordingly do not result in creation of any liability. The Group believes it has

reasonable grounds to defend itself which are supported by independent legal opinions. In accordance with PSC terms,

theGrouphadcommencedarbitrationproceedings.ThefinalhearingandargumentswereconcludedinSeptember

2022.Posthearingbriefswasfiledbyboththepartiesandawardisawaited.

For reasons aforesaid, the Group is not expecting any material liability to devolve on account of these matters.

42 Related party Disclosures

List of related parties and relationships

A)

Entities controlling the Company (Holding Companies)

Volcan Investments Limited (Volcan)

Volcan Investments Cyprus Limited

Intermediate Holding Companies

Vedanta Resources Limited (VRL)

Finsider International Company Limited#

Richter Holdings Limited#

Twin Star Holdings Limited#

Vedanta Resources Cyprus Limited#

Vedanta Resources Finance Limited#

Vedanta Resources Holdings Limited#

Welter Trading Limited#

Westglobe Limited#

Vedanta Holdings Mauritius II Limited#

Vedanta Holdings Mauritius Limited#

Vedanta Holdings Jersey Limited#

Vedanta Netherlands Investments BV#

Vedanta UK Investments Limited#

B)

Fellow subsidiaries (with whom transactions have taken place)

Sterlite Iron and Steel Company Limited

Sterlite Power Transmission limited

Sterlite Technologies Limited

Sterlite Power Grid Ventures Limited

STL Digital Limited

Sterlite Grid 16 Limited

Twin Star Technologies Limited

556

VEDANTA LIMITED

Integrated Report and Annual Accounts 2022-23:

Letter of Intent

LTIFR

Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate

M&A

Mergers and Acquisitions

MALCO

The Madras Aluminium Company Limited

ManCom

Management Committee

MAS

Management Assurance Services

MBA

Master of Business Administration

mbpd

million barrels per day

MD: Managing

