letter ‘W’ is inspired by 2 ticks, ‘Doing

things right’, and ‘Doing the right thing’ that signifies how the growth of

our business is helping us realize our potential to rise to the power of our

Vision… The Power of Right.

The new logo captures the essence of Welspun’s growth, innovation,

and adaptability in a rapidly changing business landscape, reflecting our

evolution. It encapsulates our Company’s core values, vision, and mission,

making it easier for customers to identify and connect with us.

Tomorrows are inevitable. Challenges will keep coming. How good the future

will depend on how well we plan and prepare our present, to create the next

level opportunities and experiences for tomorrow.

At Welspun, we commit to Foresee the Change, Predict the Potential, Gauge

the Growth, Evaluate the Value, Expand to Prepare, Innovate to Equip, and

Leap to Go Beyond. So, when tomorrow comes, we are ready to conquer it.:

Managing Director & CEO

Ms. Dipali Goenka - Non-Independent,

Non-Executive Director

Mr. Aneesh Misra - Non-Independent,

Non-Executive Director

Mr. Arun Todarwal – Lead Independent Director

Ms. Revathy Ashok - Independent Director

Ms. Amita Misra - Independent Director

Mr. Manish Chokhani - Independent Director

Mr. Anjani Agrawal – Independent Director

Ms. Dipali Sheth – Independent Director

Committees of the Board:

Audit Committee

Mr. Arun Todarwal - Chairman, Lead

Independent Director

Ms. Amita Misra - Member, Independent Director

Mr. Anjani Agrawal - Member, Independent Director

Risk Management Committee

Ms. Amita Misra - Chairperson, Independent Director

Mr. Anjani Agrawal - Member, Independent Director

Mr. Arun Todarwal - Member, Lead

Independent Director

Mr. Vipul Mathur - Member,: Managing Director & CEO

Mr. Percy Birdy - Member, Key Managerial Personnel

Ms. Dipali Sheth - Independent Director

ESG & CSR Committee

Ms. Revathy Ashok - Chairperson,

Independent Director

Mr. Anjani Agrawal – Member, Independent Director

Mr. Arun Todarwal – Member, Lead

Independent Director

Ms. Dipali Goenka - Member, Non-Independent,

Non-Executive Director

Mr. Vipul Mathur - Member, Managing Director & CEO

Nomination & Remuneration Committee

Mr. Arun Todarwal -

dear stakeholders,

In the Financial Year 2022-23, Welspun Corp Limited

(WCL) has achieved significant milestones. I am

pleased to report that the past year has been a period of

remarkable growth and prosperity for our organization.

Despite the challenging global economic landscape,

we have remained resilient, adaptable, and focused

on our strategic objectives. This steadfast dedication

has enabled us to navigate through uncertainties and

emerge even stronger.

We firmly believe that our success is intrinsically linked

to the success of all our stakeholders. We remain deeply

committed to creating shared value and fostering

long-term relationships with our valued customers,

dedicated employees, supportive communities, and our

esteemed shareholders. WCL will continue to prioritize

the interests of all stakeholders, seeking to exceed

expectations and contribute positively to society.

VISION TO REALITY

In line with our commitment to continuous growth,

we have successfully expanded into new markets and

diversified our product offerings. During the year, we

completed the acquisition of the plastic products

business of Sintex BAPL. Sintex is an iconic brand,

synonymous with Water Tanks. This transaction is in

line with our strategy to build a building materials

portfolio and create a widespread distribution channel.

It has enabled us to take a significant stride forward

in implementing our B2C Strategy and improving the

quality of lives in our country. In addition, we also

completed the acquisition of the specified assets of

ABG Shipyards Limited located at Dahej in Gujarat.

We are exploring various options like Ship Recycling

and Repair to optimally utilize these assets to further

enhance stakeholder value.

During the year, we witnessed a steady ramp-up of

production in our Greenfield projects of manufacturing

Ductile Iron Pipes and TMT Rebars. Welspun Specialty

Solutions Ltd, our stainless steel business, has seen

a strong turnaround in performance. Our growth

strategy has yielded fruitful results, and we anticipate

even greater accomplishments in the coming years as

our new businesses are further scaled up.

FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

I am pleased to announce that our financial

performance has been solid, enabling us to grow and

expand our business. Through diligent efforts, prudent

financial management, and strategic investments, we

have achieved a robust performance, reflecting the

Our Acquisitions and

Greenfield projects will

strengthen our efforts

in improving the lives of

people across the country

Chairman’s Message

dedication and expertise of our talented workforce,

as well as our unwavering commitment to delivering

value to our shareholders.

In the Financial Year 2022-23, the Key Highlights of our

Consolidated Financial performance are:

•

Achieved more than 1 million metric tons of Global

Line Pipe Sales, which is the 8th time in last 10 years

in which we reached this milestone

•

Revenue from Operations was at ` 9,758 Crore

•

EBITDA stood at ` 805 Crore

•

Basic Earnings per Share was ` 7.9

•

Dividend declared for the year is ` 5.0 per share

NEW ENERGY

As energy demands across the world evolve rapidly, we

are repurposing our business of large diameter pipes in

new opportunities and segments. Our foray into carbon

capture projects and transportation of hydrogen and

ammonia is the beginning of a paradigm shift in the

new energy space. With such projects, we aim to

contribute significantly in reducing CO2 emissions in the

environment, and also take a leap forward in achieving

our sustainability goals towards a cleaner and greener

planet. We are collaborating with the world’s premier

energy companies to provide technical expertise aimed

at laying the foundation of hydrogen transportation

infrastructure. We also signed an MoU with a large

steel supplier to develop the framework for, and

subsequently manufacturing pipes for transportation

of pure hydrogen and natural gas-blended hydrogen.

The green energy strategic partnership is to assess the

suitability of a variety of pipes manufactured by us for

the transportation of Hydrogen.

SUSTAINABILITY AND CORPORATE

RESPONSIBILITY

We understand the significance of sustainability and

the vital role it plays in securing a brighter future.

Our commitment to corporate responsibility and

environmental

stewardship

remains

unwavering.

We have implemented robust sustainability measures,

including eco-friendly practices, reduced carbon

footprint, and responsible sourcing. By aligning our

business objectives with the principles of sustainability,

we aim to create long-term value for our shareholders

while contributing to the well-being of the planet and

society at large.

I am delighted to share that we have been ranked

in the Top 7 percent in the Steel Industry in S&P

Global’s DJSI Corporate Sustainability Assessment.

WCL’s Governance & Economic Dimension percentile

is 98, Environmental Dimension percentile is 91 and

Social Dimension percentile is 92. Going forward, the

Company will continue to be inspired by its values

and sense of purpose to create a better world through

sustainable actions.

GOVERNANCE AND ETHICS

Sound corporate governance and effective risk

management

are

integral

to

our

operations.

We continuously strive to enhance our governance

practices and maintain the highest ethical standards.

Our dedicated Board of Directors ensures transparency,

accountability,

and

effective

decision-making.

We remain vigilant in identifying and mitigating

potential risks, safeguarding the interests of our

shareholders, and preserving the long-term stability

of our organization. By doing so, we create a solid

foundation for sustainable growth and long-term

value creation.

LOOKING AHEAD

The global economy seems to be making a gradual

recovery from both the pandemic and Russia’s invasion

of Ukraine. Although the world economy grew by

3.4% in 2022, it is projected to grow by 2.8% in 2023

and 3.0% in 2024. The IMF has projected that India’s

economy will grow by 5.9% for FY24 and 6.3% for

FY25. The latest World Economic Outlook figures

show that India continues to be the fastest-growing

major economy in the world.

As we forge ahead, we recognize that the business

landscape

is

evolving

rapidly.

Technological

advancements, shifting consumer preferences, and

geopolitical changes present both challenges and

opportunities. However, I am confident that with our

robust business model, resilient infrastructure, and

dedicated team, we are well-prepared to navigate the

future successfully. Our unwavering commitment to

innovation, customer satisfaction, and shareholder value

will remain at the forefront of our strategic priorities.

In conclusion, I extend my deepest gratitude to each

and every one of you, our valued shareholders, for

your continued trust, support, and confidence in our

organization. Together, we have achieved remarkable

milestones, and I am excited about the prospects that

lie ahead. Rest assured, we will remain steadfast in our

pursuit of excellence, continuously striving to exceed

expectations and deliver sustainable growth.

Thank you for being an integral part of our journey.

Warm regards,

B. K. Goenka

Chairman of the Board

We are amongst the

top ESG rated Steel

companies in the World.:

Dear Stakeholders,

I am honored to serve as the Lead Independent

Director and to work closely with my fellow Directors,

as we serve on your behalf to carry out our fiduciary

duties to oversee your Company.

Over the past year, there have been numerous

uncertainties in the global business landscape.

However, I am pleased to report that despite these

challenges, your Company has not only persevered,

but has also achieved remarkable growth and success.

KEY BOARD PRIORITIES DURING THE YEAR

• Business growth, diversification and de-risking initiatives – Acquisition of Polymer and

Polymer Products business of Sintex-BAPL Limited, and acquisition of specified assets of ABG

Shipyard Limited;

• Sale of land and civil structures of Line Pipe Unit situated at Dahej unit of the Company;

• Integration of newly incubated and acquired businesses with the Company;

• Increased oversight of Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) matters;

• Oversight on risk management and strengthening resilience;

• Meeting investors and stakeholder groups to understand their views on key risks and opportunities;

• Sustainability and long-term value creation for all our stakeholders and the community at large.

Welspun Corp Limited

12

Your Company focused on strengthening its core

competencies, exploring new market opportunities,

and leveraging the emerging technologies to stay

ahead of the curve. As a result, it not only maintained

its market position, but also expanded its reach

into new segments.

Your Board met 9 times during the year to

discuss several value creation propositions such

as acquisitions, mergers, off-loading assets, and

green-field project execution, among other proposals.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Independent Directors worked closely with the leadership team to ensure that the Board effectively oversaw

the Company’s strategy and operations. Significant business and organizational initiatives, capital allocation,

business development opportunities, enterprise risk management and corporate culture were regularly discussed.

Key enhancements undertaken during the year are as follows:

Themes

Key Initiatives

Strengthening governance

structure

Thoughtful succession at the Board level by appointing three new

Independent Directors;

Reconstitution of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee, the

Audit Committee, the Risk Management Committee, and the ESG & CSR

Committee by inducting more subject matter experts;

Separate role of CEOs for each businesses/subsidiaries;

Detailed discussion on the Internal Audit observations of each

businesses/subsidiaries by the Audit Committee of the

parent Company;

Robust system for evaluation of the Board, Committees and individual

members of the Board.

Unlocking ESGs

strategic value

Making ESG a strategic priority

Achieved a high ESG Rating from DJSI (ranked in the Top

7% in Global Steel Industry in S&P Global’s DJSI Corporate

Sustainability Assessment);

Comprehensively reporting its sustainability performance across the

environment, social, and governance domains, highlighting the progress

made by the Company over its sustainability goals (published its

maiden BRSR and Sustainability Report for FY 2021-22);

Published it’s first-ever Tax Transparency Report, explaining not only

your Company’s compliance with tax laws and disclosure requirements

and guidelines, but also your Company’s overall approach that sets the

context for our tax liabilities.

As a Lead Independent Director of your Company,

I assure you that your Board is committed to

delivering the highest standards of governance,

transparency, ethics, integrity and reliability through

our robust governance framework.

Furthermore, I firmly believe that responsible business

practices are essential for long-term success and the

betterment of the society as a whole. Your Company’s

commitment to sustainability remains steadfast. It has

actively embraced responsible business practices,

aiming to minimize the environmental impact and

contribute to the well-being of the communities in

which it operates.

Annual Report 2022-23

13

The Board continues to prioritize engaging with

its stakeholders and responding to their valuable

feedback. Please share your feedback during the

upcoming Annual General Meeting or write to the

Company Secretary.

On behalf of the Board of Directors, thank you for

your investment and continued confidence in the

Company and our Board. We would continue to work

to represent the interests of all the stakeholders.

Sincerely,

Arun Todarwal

Lead Independent Director

Corporate Overview

Lead Independent Director’s Message:

Managing Director/CEO, who holds

the overall responsibility for driving

sustainable growth, profitability,

and stability across all business

operations. He works closely

with the ESG & CSR Committee

to align strategic objectives

with stakeholder expectations

and ensure adherence to the

highest ethical and responsible

business practices.

Lastly, WCL has designated

employees who play a pivotal role

in overseeing the implementation

of sustainability practices

and programs throughout the

organization. These individuals

are responsible for executing

sustainability strategies,

identifying areas for improvement,

and driving the integration

of ESG considerations into

business decisions.

TRANSPARENCY AND

ACCOUNTABILITY

Transparency and accountability

are upheld throughout our

organization by our Board of

Directors and Board Committees.

Our management team is

dedicated to fostering growth,

and sustainability across all our

businesses in a fair and inclusive

manner, while adhering to the

highest standards of ethical and

responsible business conduct.

Sustainability:

Managing Director & CEO for a further

period of five years w.e.f. December 1,

2022;

•

Mr. Deshra Dogra resigned from the

position of directorship w.e.f. March 14,

2023;

•

Mr. Manish Chokhani has been appointed

as an independent director for the first

term of four consecutive years w.e.f.

February 2, 2023;

•

Mr. Anjani K. Agrawal has been appointed

as an independent director for the first

term of four consecutive years w.e.f. April

1, 2023.

In accordance with the provisions of the

Companies Act, 2013 and the Articles of

Association of the Company, Mr. Rajesh

Mandawewala is retiring by rotation at the

forthcoming Annual General Meeting and

being eligible, he has been recommended

for re-appointment by the Board.

Details about the directors being (re)-

appointed are given in the Notice of the

forthcoming Annual General Meeting

which is being sent to the members along

with the Annual Report.

The following have been designated

as the Key Managerial Personnel of the

Company pursuant to Sections 2(51) and

203 of the Companies Act, 2013 read

with the Companies (Appointment and

Remuneration of Managerial Personnel)

Rules, 2014:

•

Mr. Vipul Mathur,: Managing

Managing Director of the Company was not in receipt of any commission from the Company and at the

same time, remuneration or commission from the Company’s Subsidiary Company.

d.

Particulars of remuneration to the executive directors including the details of remuneration paid/payable

to the executive directors for the financial year 2022-23 are as under:

Name

of the

Director

Salary &

Allowance

Perquisites

Commission

Service

Contract/

Tenure

performance

linked

incentives

Notice

Period

Severance

Fees

Stock

Option

Pension

Mr. Vipul

Mathur

` 6.34

Crore^

4.86 crore~

Nil

5 years

Nil

1 month

Nil

Refer

note

below

Nil

^ In addition to salary & allowance, entitled for other benefits as per the Company’s policy.

~ Mr. Vipul Mathur has exercised 450,000 stock options of the Company, vested during the year. The perquisite

amount on exercise of these options is ` 4.86 crores. Remuneration excludes amortization of fair value of employee

share based payments under IND-AS 102. The above figures do not include provisions for encashable leave, gratuity

and premium paid for group health insurance, as separate actuarial valuation / premium paid are not available.

Note: 15,00,000 Employee Stock Options granted during FY 2018-19 at an exercise price of ` 100 per option and can

be exercised as per the vesting schedule given under the Welspun Employee Stock Option Plan which is 30%, 35%

and 35% each year, from the end of 1st year from the grant date. Exercised 4,50,000 ESOPs during the financial year

2022-23. Further, during the Financial Year 2022-23, 11,00,000 Employee Stock Options were granted at an exercise

price of `100 per option and can be exercised as per the vesting schedule given under the Welspun Employee Stock

Option Plan which is 30%, 35% and 35% each year, from the end of 1st year from the grant date.

Mr.

Balkrishan

Goenka,

Non-Executive

Chairman was paid Commission of ` 3.07

crores (Gross) i.e. @1% of the Net Profits

(consolidated) for the Financial Year 2021-

22 in terms of the approval granted by the

members of the Company at the 27th Annual

General Meeting held on July 29, 2022. The

Commission payable @1% of the Net Profits

(Consolidated) for the financial year 2022-23

is ` 1.16 crores.

No remuneration or perquisite was paid to,

and no service contract was entered into

with, or stock options granted to any non-

executive director, but the sitting fees were

paid / payable to the following directors for

attending meetings of Board / Committees

of the Board and General Meetings. Only: Letter of Appointment were issued to the

independent directors.

Sr.

No

Name of the

Managing Director & CEO

of the Company and the relevant senior executives

and the appropriate actions for mitigation of risks

are advised; the risk profile is updated on the basis

of change in the business environment. The Risk

Management Committee, periodically reviews the

risk management process, risks and mitigation plans

and provide appropriate advise in the improvement

areas, if any, identified during the review.

For the key business risks identified by the

Company, please refer paragraph on Enterprise

Risk Management in Management Discussion

and Analysis annexed to this Report.

22. VIGIL MECHANISM FOR DIRECTORS AND

EMPLOYEES

For Company’s policy on establishment of Vigil

Mechanism for directors and employees, please

refer to the Para VIII - Details of Establishment of

Vigil Mechanism for Directors and Employees of

the “Corporate Governance Report” annexed to

the Directors’ Report as Annexure 6.

23. FAMILIARIZATION

PROGRAM

FOR

INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS

The Directors of the Company are provided

opportunities to familiarize themselves with the

Company, its Management and its operations. The

Directors are provided with all the documents to

enable them to have a better understanding of the

Company, its various operations and the industry

in which it operates.

The roles and responsibilities of the Independent

Directors of the Company are informed to them

at the time of their appointment through a formal: letter of appointment, which also stipulates

various terms and conditions of their engagement.

Presentations are made to the Board, where

Managing Director & CEO

DIN : 07990476

Balkrishan Goenka

Chairman

DIN: 00270175

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 30, 2023

ANNEXURE 1

Welspun Corp Limited’s Dividend Distribution Policy

1.

REGULATORY FRAMEWORK

The Securities Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”)

on July 8, 2016 inserted Regulation 43A in SEBI

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015, which requires top five hundred

listed companies (based on market capitalization

of every financial year) to formulate a Dividend

Distribution Policy.

Welspun Corp Limited (“Company”) being one

of the top five hundred listed companies as per

the market capitalization as on the last day of the

immediately preceding financial year, frames this

policy to comply with the requirements of the SEBI

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015.

2. OBJECTIVE & PHILOSOPHY

The objective of this Policy is to provide

predictability of dividend to the investors and

at the same time to enable them to plan for

utilization of their income and to ensure the right

balance between the quantum of dividend paid

and amount of profits retained in the business

for various purposes. Through this Policy, the

Company would endeavor to maintain a consistent

approach to dividend pay-out plans, subject to the

applicable laws and conditions.

The philosophy of the Company is to maximize

the shareholders’ wealth in the Company through

various means. The focus will continue to be

on sustainable returns, through an appropriate

capital strategy for both medium term and longer

term value creation. Accordingly, the Board would

continue to adopt a progressive and dynamic

dividend policy, ensuring the immediate as well as

long term needs of the business.

3. DIVIDEND DECLARATION -

CIRCUMSTANCES AND FINANCIAL

PARAMETERS.

The Board will consider present situation of the

Company, internal and external factors influencing

performance of the Company, its strategy and

business plan for the future. After considering

such factors, the Board will endeavor to achieve

distributing upto 25% of Profit After Tax for a

financial year, on standalone basis, with equity

shareholders (including by way of dividend and

Dividend Distribution Tax thereon).

The shareholders may expect dividend in following

circumstances:

a.

The Board will assess the Company’s financial

requirement, including present and future

organic and inorganic growth opportunities

and other relevant factors.

b.

In the circumstances where no material event

has occurred affecting the long term business

stability of the Company.

c.

No event has happened which may have long

term material effect on the business of the

Company.

In

such

circumstances,

dividend

may

be

recommended or declared at the discretion of the

Board.

Any deviation from the Policy may be disclosed in

the Directors’ Report to the Shareholders.

In the event of inadequacy or absence of profits in

any year, the Company may declare dividend out

of free reserves subject to the fulfillment of the

conditions prescribed under applicable laws and

in compliance with the terms of sanction from the

Banks / Financial Institutions.

4. FACTORS FOR DETERMINING DIVIDEND

In determining the Company’s dividend payout, the Board of Directors would consider a variety of factors,

including:

A.

Internal Factors

B.

External Factors

i)

Stability / trends of earnings

ii)

Liquidity of funds

iii) Need for additional capital

iv) Acquisitions and/or any other

potential strategic action

v)

Expansion of business

vi) Past dividend trends

vii) Dividend type and time of

its payment

i)

Prevailing

legal

requirements,

tax

rules,

Government policies, Statutory conditions or

restrictions as may be provided under applicable

laws

ii)

State of the industry or economy of the country

iii) Capital market scenario

iv) Financial covenants stipulated by the lenders

v)

Covenants in agreement with shareholding

group(s):

Managing Director & CEO

DIN : 07990476

Balkrishan Goenka

Chairman

DIN: 00270175

Percy Birdy

Chief Financial Officer

Pradeep Joshi

Company Secretary

FCS-4959

Mumbai, May 30, 2023

ANNEXURE -3

Mihen Halani & Associates

Practicing Company Secretaries

A-501/L, Jaswanti Allied Business Centre, Kachpada, Ramchandralane Extn. Rd,

Malad (West), Mumbai – 400 064, (Tel. 022 – 6236 0279 :: mihenhalani@mha-cs.com

FORM No. MR-3

SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2023

[Pursuant to section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rule No. 9 of the

Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]

To,

The Members,

WELSPUN CORP LIMITED

CIN: L27100GJ1995PLC025609

Welspun City, Village Versamedi,

Taluka – Anjar, Dist. Kutch, Gujarat - 370 110, IN

We have conducted the secretarial audit of the

compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the

adherence to good corporate practices by WELSPUN

CORP LIMITED (“the Company”) Secretarial Audit was

conducted in a manner that provided us a reasonable

basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory

compliances and expressing our opinion thereon.

Based on our verification of the Company’s books,

papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and

other records maintained by the Company and also

the information provided by the Company, its officers,

agents and authorized representatives during the

conduct of secretarial audit, we hereby report that in

our opinion, the Company has, during the audit period

covering the financial year ended on March 31, 2023,

(the “Audit Period”) complied with the statutory

provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company

has

proper

Board

processes

and

compliance-

mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and

subject to the reporting made hereinafter:

We have examined the books, papers, minute books,

forms and returns filed and other records maintained

by the Company for the financial year ended on

March 31, 2023 according to the provisions of:

i.

The Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and the rules

made there under;

ii.

The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956

(“SCRA”) and the Rules made thereunder;

iii.

The Depositories Act, 2018 and the Regulations

and Bye-laws framed there under;

iv.

Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and

the rules and regulations made thereunder to the

extent of Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas

Direct Investment and External Commercial

Borrowings, wherever applicable;

v.

The

following

Regulations

and

Guidelines

prescribed under the Securities and Exchange

Board of India Act, 1992 (“SEBI Act”):-

a)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Substantial

Acquisition

of

Shares

and

Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;

b)

The Securities and Exchange Board of

India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015;

c)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations,

2015;

d)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2018;

e)

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share

Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity)

Regulations, 2021;

f)

The Securities and Exchange Board of

India (Issue and Listing Of Non-Convertible

Securities) Regulations, 2021;

g)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer

Agents) Regulations, 1993 regarding the

Companies Act and dealing with client;

h)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021

- Not Applicable to the Company during the

Audit Period, and

i)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018 -

Not Applicable to the Company during the

Audit Period;

j)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Debenture Trustees) Regulations, 1993.:

Managing Director &

CEO of the Company;

•

The Company has declared and paid final dividend

@ 100% (i.e. ` 5 per share) on Equity Shares for the

F.Y. ended March 31, 2022;

•

The Company has declared and paid dividend

@ 6% on 35,15,11,571 Cumulative Redeemable

Preference Shares for the F.Y. ended March 31,

2022;

•

The Company has modified the Welspun Employee

Stock Option Plan - 2005 (“ESOP Scheme”) vide

Special Resolution passed by members at 27th

Annual General Meeting (“the AGM”) held on July

29, 2022;

•

The Company has re-appointed Mr. Vipul Mathur

as: Managing

letter.

1.

Maintenance

of

Secretarial

record

is

the

responsibility of the management of the Company.

Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these

secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and

process as were appropriate to obtain reasonable

assurance about the correctness of the contents

of the Secretarial records. The verification was

done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are

reflected in Secretarial records. We believe that

the process and practices, we followed provide a

reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and

appropriateness of financial records and Books of

Accounts of the Company.

4.

Wherever

required,

we

have

obtained

the

Management representation about the Compliance

of laws, rules and regulations and happening of

events etc.

ANNEXURE - 4

Annual Secretarial Compliance Certificate

Mihen Halani & Associates

Practicing Company Secretaries

A-501/L, Jaswanti Allied Business Centre, Kachpada, RamchandralaneExtn. Rd,

Malad (West), Mumbai – 400 064, (Tel. 022 – 6236 0279 :: mihenhalani@mha-cs.com

Annual Secretarial Compliance Report of Welspun Corp Limited for the year ended March 31, 2023

To,

The Board of Directors,

Welspun Corp Limited

CIN: L27100GJ1995PLC025609

Welspun City, Village Versamedi,

Taluka – Anjar, Dist. Kutch, Gujarat - 370 110

BSE Scrip Code: 532144 / NSE Symbol: WELCORP /

ISIN: INE191B01025

We have conducted the review of the compliance of

the applicable statutory provisions and the adherence

to good corporate practices by Welspun Corp Limited

(hereinafter referred as ‘the listed entity’), having its

Registered Office situated at Welspun City, Village

Versamedi, Taluka – Anjar, Dist. Kutch, Gujarat - 370 110,

India. Secretarial Review was conducted in a manner

that provided me/us a reasonable basis for evaluating

the corporate conducts/statutory compliances and to

provide our observations thereon.

Based on our verification of the listed entity’s books,

papers, minutes books, forms and returns filed and

other records maintained by the listed entity and also

the information provided by the listed entity, its officers,

agents and authorized representatives during the

conduct of Secretarial Review, we hereby report that

the listed entity has, during the review period covering

the financial year ended on March 31, 2023 complied

with the statutory provisions listed hereunder in the

manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:

We, M/s. Mihen Halani & Associates have examined:

a)

all the documents and records made available to

us and explanation provided by Welspun Corp

Limited (“the listed entity”);

b)

the filings / submissions made by the listed entity

to the stock exchanges;

c)

website of the listed entity;

d)

any other document / filing, as may be relevant,

which has been relied upon to make this

certification;

for the year ended March 31, 2023 (“Review Period”)

in respect of compliance with the provisions of:

a)

the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act,

1992 (“SEBI Act”) and the Regulations, circulars,

guidelines issued thereunder; and

b)

the

Securities

Contracts

(Regulation)

Act,

1956 (“SCRA”), rules made thereunder and

the

Regulations,

circulars,

guidelines

issued

thereunder by the Securities and Exchange Board

of India (“SEBI”);

The specific Regulations, whose provisions and

the circulars/ guidelines issued thereunder, have

been examined, include:-

a)

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015;

b)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2018;

c)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Substantial

Acquisition

of

Shares

and

Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;

d)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations,

2015;

e)

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share

Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity)

Regulations, 2021;

f)

The Securities and Exchange Board of

India (Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible

Securities) Regulations, 2021 - Not Applicable

during the period under review;

g)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer

Agents) Regulations, 1993 regarding the

Companies Act and dealing with client;

h)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021

- Not Applicable during the period under

review;

i)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018

- Not Applicable during the period under

review;

j)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Depositories and Participants) Regulations,

2018; and

k)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Debenture Trustees) Regulations, 1993;

and circulars / guidelines issued thereunder;

and based on the above examination, we

hereby report that, during the Review Period:

5.

The Compliance of the provisions of Corporate

and other applicable laws, rules, regulations,

standards is the responsibility of the management.

Our examination was limited to the verification of

procedure on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an

assurance as to the future viability of the Company

nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which the

management has conducted the affairs of the

Company.

For MIHEN HALANI & ASSOCIATES

Practicing Company Secretaries

sd/-

Mihen Halani

(Proprietor)

CP No: 12015

FCS No: 9926

UDIN: F009926E000425154

Date: 30.05.2023

Place: Mumbai:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN : 07990476

Revathy Ashok

Chairperson of the ESG & CSR Committee

DIN: 00391263

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 30, 2023

ANNEXURE - 6

Corporate Governance Report

I.

PHILOSOPHY ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Board of Directors of the Company acts as a trustee and assumes fiduciary responsibility of protecting

the interests of the Company, its members and other stakeholders. The Board supports the broad principles

of Corporate Governance. In order to attain the highest-level of good Corporate Governance practice, the

Board lays strong emphasis on transparency, accountability and integrity.

II. BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The composition of the Board of your Company is in conformity with Regulation 17 of the SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

The Chairman of your Company is a Promoter and the number of Non-Executive and Independent Directors

is more than one-half of the total number of Directors.

The Company’s Board comprises of the required blend of Independent and Non-Independent Directors with

considerable experience in diverse fields such as accounts, audit, business strategy finance, ESG, governance,

general management, legal and pipes & allied industry etc. to name a few. Further, the Board has mix of

executive and non-executive directors. Except the independent directors and the Chairman, office of all other

directors are liable to retire by rotation as per the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.

None of the Directors is a Director (including any alternate directorships) in more than 10 public limited

companies (as specified in section 165 of the Act) and Director in more than 7 equity listed entities or acts as

an Independent Director in more than 7 equity listed entities or 3 equity listed entities in case he/she serves

as a Whole-time Director/: Managing

Managing Director and

CEO, the Chief Financial Controllers and the Chief

Executive Officers of various businesses are also

invited for the Committee meetings for seeking

his views on certain strategic items. Ms. Revathy

Ashok, an independent director, attended one

meeting of the Audit Committee as an invitee.

As required under the Secretarial Standard on

General Meetings, the Chairman of the Committee

or, in his absence, any other Member of the

Committee authorized by him on his behalf shall

attend the General Meeting of the Company.

Mr. Arun Todarwal, Chairman of the Audit

Committee, was virtually present at the 27th Annual

General Meeting of the Company held through

Video Conferencing facility on July 29, 2022 to

address the Shareholders’ queries pertaining to

Annual Accounts of the Company.

None of recommendations made by the Audit

Committee were rejected by the Board.

17 Meetings of the Audit Committee were held

during the financial year 2022-23 on following

dates:

21/04/2022,

20/05/2022,

27/05/2022,

27/06/2022,

26/07/2022,

28/07/2022,

04/08/2022, 29/09/2022, 01/11/2022, 03/11/2022,

02/12/2022, 13/12/2022, 21/12/2022, 31/01/2023,

01/02/2023, 14/03/2023 and 29/03/2023.

Average attendance at the Committee meetings -

~ 100%

In addition, the Audit Committee had a meeting

with the credit rating agency during the financial

year 2022-23.

The statutory auditors and internal auditors had

periodic and exclusive meetings with the Audit

Committee.

Terms of Reference: The terms of reference

stipulated by the Board of Directors to the Audit

Committee are as contained under Regulation

18 read with Part C of Schedule II of the SEBI

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015, Section 177 of the Companies Act,

2013 and the SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading)

Regulations, 2015 as amended from time to time.

Detailed Charter of the Committee is available

at the web-link : “http://www.welspuncorp.com”

under the tab “Investors --> Board & Committee

Charters” (https://www.welspuncorp.com/board-

and-committee-charters.php)

Besides having access to all the required

information from within the Company, the

Committee can obtain external professional advice

whenever required. The Committee acts as a link

between the Statutory and the Internal Auditors

and the Board of Directors of the Company. It is

authorized to, inter alia, review and monitor the

Auditor’s independence and performance, scope

and effectiveness of audit process, oversight of

the Company’s financial reporting process and

the disclosure of its financial information, review

with the management the quarterly and annual

financial statements and auditor’s report before

submission to the Board for approval, select and

establish accounting policies, review Reports of

the Statutory and the Internal Auditors and meet

with them to discuss their findings, suggestions

and other related matters, approve (wherever

necessary) transactions of the Company with

related parties including subsequent modifications

thereof, grant omnibus approvals for related

party transactions subject to fulfilment of certain

conditions, scrutinise inter-corporate loans and

investments, valuation of undertakings or assets

of the Company, review the risk assessment

and minimization procedures, evaluate internal

financial controls and risk management systems,

monitor end use of the funds raised through public

offers and related matters, review the utilization of

loans and/ or advances from/ investment by the

Company in the subsidiary companies exceeding

` 100 crore or 10% of the asset size of the subsidiary,

whichever is lower including existing loans/

advances / investments and review compliance

with the Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015

(“PIT Regulations”) and verify that the systems for

internal control are adequate and are operating

effectively.

The Committee is also empowered to, inter

alia, recommend the remuneration payable to

the Statutory Auditors, availing of such other

permitted services from the Auditors and to

recommend a change in the Auditors. Further, the

Committee is empowered to recommend to the

Board, the appointment of Chief Financial Officer,

the term of appointment and remuneration of the

Cost Auditor, Internal Auditor, Secretarial Auditors

etc., review the functioning of the Whistle-blower

Policy and Vigil Mechanism. The Committee also

reviews Financial Statements and Investments

of unlisted subsidiary companies, Management

Discussion & Analysis of financial condition and

results of operations.

Pursuant to the SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) (Sixth Amendment)

Regulations, 2021 effective from 1st April, 2022,

the Committee had considered and granted prior

approval for the related party transactions including

material related party transactions in terms of

Regulation 23 read with Regulation 2(1)(zc) and

Regulation 2(1)(zb) of the Listing Regulations.

Since, the Company’s Audit Committee comprises

only of Independent Directors, the amendments

to the Listing Regulations, requiring approval of

related party transactions only by those members

of the Audit Committee who are Independent

Directors

of

the

Company,

was

already

institutionalized by the Company much before

such amendment was made effective.

IV. NOMINATION

AND

REMUNERATION

COMMITTEE.

The Committee comprises of 3 non-executive

directors. All the member and the Chairman are

independent. The composition of the Committee

and attendance of the members is given hereunder:

Name of the Member

Member/

Chairman

Number of

Meetings

Attended

Mr. Arun Todarwal@

Chairman@

5/5

Mr. Deshraj Dogra#

Member

7/7

Ms. Amita Misra&

Member

N/A

Ms. Revathy Ashok

Member

7/7

Mr. K. H. Viswanathan^

Chairman^

2/2

@ Appointed as the Chairman w.e.f. July 1, 2022

& Inducted as a member w.e.f. March 29, 2023

^ Ceased to be a director and Chairman due to resignation

w.e.f. July 1, 2022.

# Ceased to be a director due to resignation w.e.f. March

14, 2023.

The

Company

Secretary

of

the

Company,

Mr. Pradeep Joshi acts as the Secretary of the

Committee.

During the year under review, 7 meetings of the

Committee were held on 20/05/2022, 27/06/2022,

03/08/2022, 01/12/2022, 18/01/2023, 31/01/2023

and 14/03/2023.

Average attendance at the Committee meetings -

~ 100%

As per section 178(7) of the Act and Secretarial

Standard on General Meetings, the Chairman

of the Committee or, in his absence, any other

Member of the Committee authorized by him in

this behalf shall attend the General Meetings of

the Company. The Chairman of the Committee,

Mr. Arun Todarwal was virtually present at the

27th Annual General Meeting of the Company held

through Video Conferencing facility on July 29,

2022.:

Managing Director or the Chief Executive Officer”, and “(E) Reporting of Internal Auditor” of Part “E” of

Schedule II to the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

f.

Disclosure of commodity price risks and commodity hedging activities.

Detail of commodity price risks and commodity hedging activities as required under Schedule V to the

SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

•

Risk management policy of the listed entity with respect to commodities including through

hedging: The Company proactively manages price fluctuation risks and in case of steel, it uses

forward booking, inventory management and pre-emptive vendor development practices.

•

Exposure of the listed entity to commodity and commodity risks faced by the entity throughout the

year:

a.

Total exposure (Annual Purchase) of the listed entity to commodities is `4,850.62 crore.

b.

Exposure (Annual Purchase) of the listed entity to various commodities:

Commodity

Name

Exposure in

INR towards

the particular

commodity@

Exposure in

Quantity terms

towards the

particular

commodity@

% of such exposure hedged through

commodity derivatives

Domestic market

International

market

Total

` (crore)

(000 Tonnes)

OTC Exchange

OTC

Exchange

Steel Coils

2,558.91

415.06

-

-

-

-

-

Steel Plates

1,750.89

154.99

-

-

-

-

-

Thermal Coal

136.97

195.16

-

-

-

-

-

RB Coal

74.31

49.35

-

-

-

-

-

Iron Ore Lumps

35.21

51.89

-

-

-

-

-

IO Pellet

126.74

121.35

-

-

-

-

-

Scrap

167.59

58.21

-

-

-

-

-

Total

4,850.62

1,046.00

-

-

-

-

-

@ Annual Purchase

•

Commodity risks faced by the listed entity during the year and how they have been managed.

The Company mitigates this risk by way of arranging back to back pre-tender tie-ups with its

selected group of pre-approved steel mills (directly or thru their nominated trading channel) at

the time of bidding for a project or tender - on price as well as quantity allocation, with the tacit

understanding that in case the Company happens to be the successful bidder, the Company will

immediately confirm its order of steel.

The company minimizes the exposure to commodity price risk by following Economic Order

Quantity (EOQ) model to have minimum possible exposure to commodity risk.

As the Company produces billet, which is also an intermediate product, the Company is exposed

to commodity price risk due to time lag between procurement of RM and sale of billets.

The Company, through its subsidiary, Anjar TMT Steel Private Limited, has set up a TMT bar

mill, which is gradually consuming maximum possible billets as the production is ramping up.

This enables to capture a larger value chain and minimize the risk on commodity prices of Raw

Material and billet as TMT bars are directly sold to end users (which commands higher margin

and the lag effect of commodity prices is relatively neutral). The Company has also embarked

on an extensive branding exercise for its TMT bars to face the volatility of prices in the market.

The branded re-bars are priced stably and are not subject to frequent price fluctuations.

In some markets, the Company do undertake

channel

sales

where

the

Company

is

exposed to steel price fluctuation, however

the contribution of such business to overall

revenue is not significant.

Also refer to the Management Discussion and

Analysis forming part of this Annual Report.

g.

Details of material subsidiaries of the

listed entity: During the year, none of the

subsidiaries were falling under category of

material subsidiary.

XVII.MEANS OF COMMUNICATION

The quarterly, half-yearly and yearly financial

results of the Company are sent out to the Stock

Exchanges immediately after they are approved

by the Board. The Company published its un-

audited/audited financial results in “Kutch Mitra”

and “Kutch Uday” (Gujarati edition), and “Financial

Express” (English Edition).

These results are simultaneously posted on the

website of the Company at www.welspuncorp.com.

The official press release and the presentations

made to the investors or to the analysts are also

available on the website of the Company.

Your Company discloses to the Stock Exchanges,

all information required to be disclosed under

Regulation 30 read with Part ‘A’ and Part ‘B’ of

Schedule III of the Listing Regulations including

material information having a bearing on the

performance/ operations of the Company and

other price sensitive information. All information

is filed electronically on the online portal of BSE

Limited – Corporate Compliance & Listing Centre

(BSE Listing Centre) and on the online portals

of National Stock Exchange of India Limited –

NSE’s Electronic Application Processing System

(NEAPS) and NSE’s Digital Exchange Platform.

Presentations

are

also

made

to

investors

and analysts. These presentations and other

disclosures which are required to be disseminated

on the Company’s website under the SEBI

(Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 have been uploaded on the

website of the Company, viz.: www.welspuncorp.

com and as per the Archival Policy of the Company,

would be hosted on the website for a minimum

period of five years from the date of respective

disclosures. In addition to the above, the Company

also uploads transcripts of post earnings/quarterly

calls and audio recordings on the website of the

Company. The Annual Report of the Company,

the quarterly/half-yearly and the audited financial

statements and the official news releases of the

Company are also disseminated on the Company’s

website. The presentation on the Financial Results

of the Company made to the Analyst and Investors

are also disseminated to the Stock Exchanges.

XVIII.GENERAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION

1.

Annual General Meeting Friday, September

22, 2023 at 2:00 p.m. via Video Conferencing

(“VC”) / Other Audio Visual Means (“OAVM”).

2.

Financial Year of the Company is 1st April to

31st March.

3.

Record Date: Friday, June 16, 2023.

4.

Dividend payment date: Starting from Friday,

September 22, 2023 and thereafter.

5.

Listing on Stock Exchanges: The Equity

Shares of the Company are listed on the

National Stock Exchange of India Limited

(NSE) and the BSE Limited, Mumbai (BSE).

The Secured / Unsecured Redeemable Non-

convertible Debentures are listed on the BSE

Limited.

Stock Code /Symbol for equity shares:

BSE Limited : 532144

National Stock Exchange of India Limited:

WELCORP; Series: EQ

ISIN

No.

(For

dematerialized

shares):

INE 191B01025:

Managing Director & CEO

+ 91 22 6613 6000

vipul_mathur@welspun.com

9

Does the entity have a specified

Committee of the Board/ Director

responsible for decision-making on

sustainability-related issues? (Yes/ No).

If yes, provide details.

Yes, WCL have established an ESG committee at the

Board level and have formulated plans for initiatives to be

implemented across Environment, Social and Governance

dimensions. Furthermore, WCL have redefined the governance

of Environment and Social aspects across organizational

levels and this is helping WCL to propel towards meeting our

commitments on carbon, water, waste, supply chain and CSR.

10. Details of Review of NGRBCs by the Company:

Subject for Review

Indicate whether the review

was undertaken by the Director

/ Committee of the Board/ Any

other Committee

Frequency (Annually/ Half yearly/

Quarterly/ Any other – please specify)

P

1

P

2

P

3

P

4

P

5

P

6

P

7

P

8

P

9

P

1

P

2

P

3

P

4

P

5

P

6

P

7

P

8

P

9

Performance against the

above policies and follow-

up action

Board Committee

Quarterly

Compliance with statutory

requirements of relevance

to the principles, and the

rectification of any non-

compliances

Board Committee

Quarterly

11. Has the entity carried out independent assessment/

evaluation of the working of its policies by an external

agency? (Yes/No). If yes, provide name of the agency

P

1

P

2

P

3

P

4

P

5

P

6

P

7

P

8

P

9

No. We have a robust functional review

mechanism complemented with a strong

independent internal audit process that

covers the working of all key policies. The

internal audits are conducted by various

external independent firms during the year.

SECTION C: PRINCIPLE WISE PERFORMANCE DISCLOSURE

PRINCIPLE 1: Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with integrity, and in a manner that is

Ethical, Transparent and Accountable.

ESSENTIAL INDICATORS

1.

Percentage coverage b/y training and awareness programmes on any of the principles during the financial year:

Segment

Total number of

training and awareness

programmes held

Topics/principles

covered under the

training and its impact

%age of persons in respective

category covered by the awareness

programmes

Board of Directors

The Board members were taken through familiarisation programs which included updates on:

1. Raw material (Principle 2)

2. Brands and Marketing (Principle 9)

3. Consumer Insights (Principle 9)

4. Business specific updates operational updates (Principle 6)

5. Different channels of customers (Principle 9)

6. CSR activities (Principle 8)

7. Code of conduct (Principle 1)

Key Management

Personnel

Employees other

than BODs and KMPs

The employees and workers were given training on health and safety (Principle 3), skill

upgradation (Principle 3) and human rights (Principle 5)

Workers:

Letter dated May 16, 2023, in respect of the agreed indicators /parameters listed

below (the “Identified Sustainability Indicators”). These parameters are as included in the Business Responsibility

and Sustainability Report (BRSR) of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2023. The reporting boundary for

BRSR is as disclosed in Question 13 of Section A of the BRSR, with exceptions, if any, been disclosed as a note

under the respective questions under BRSR.

IDENTIFIED SUSTAINABILITY INDICATORS

The Identified Sustainability Indicators for the year ended March 31, 2023 are summarised in Appendix 1

to this report.

Our limited assurance engagement was with respect to the year ended March 31, 2023 information only and

we have not performed any procedures with respect to comparative previous year information i.e. year ended

March 31, 2o22 reported in the Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report for the year ended March 31,

2023 and, therefore, do not express any conclusion thereon.

CRITERIA

The criteria used by Welspun Corp Limited is Guidance note for BRSR format.

MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY

The Company’s Management is responsible for engagement with stakeholders, content and presentation

of the Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report in accordance with the Criteria mentioned above.

This responsibility includes the design, implementation and maintenance of internal control relevant to the

preparation of the Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report and measurement of Identified Sustainability

Indicators, which are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

INHERENT LIMITATIONS

The absence of a significant body of established practice on which to draw to evaluate and measure non-financial

indicators allows for different, but acceptable, measures and measurement techniques and can affect comparability

between entities. In addition, Greenhouse gas (“GHG”) quantification is subject to inherent uncertainty because of

incomplete scientific knowledge used to determine emissions factors and the values needed to combine emissions

of different gases.

OUR INDEPENDENCE AND QUALITY MANAGEMENT

We have complied with the independence and other ethical requirements of the International Code of Ethics

for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) issued by the International

Ethics Standards Board for Accountants (IESBA Code) and Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered

Accountants of India (ICAI), which is founded on fundamental principles of integrity, objectivity, professional

competence and due care, confidentiality and professional behaviour.

Our firm applies International Standard on Quality Management 1 “Quality Management for Firms that Perform

Audits or Reviews of Financial Statements, or Other Assurance or Related Services Engagements” and accordingly

maintains a comprehensive system of quality management including documented policies and procedures regarding

compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.

OUR RESPONSIBILITY

Our responsibility is to express a limited assurance conclusion on the Identified Sustainability Indicators based

on the procedures we have performed and evidence we have obtained. We conducted our limited assurance

engagement in accordance with International Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) ‘Assurance

Engagements other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information’, International Standard on Assurance

Engagements 3410 ‘Assurance Engagements on Greenhouse Gas Statements’, issued by the International Auditing

and Assurance Standards Board. These standards require that we plan and perform this engagement to obtain

limited assurance about whether the Identified Sustainability Indicators are free from material misstatement.

A limited assurance engagement involves assessing the suitability in the circumstances of the Company’s use

of the Criteria as the basis for the preparation of the Identified Sustainability Indicators, assessing the risks of

material misstatement of the Identified Sustainability Indicators whether due to fraud or error, responding to

the assessed risks as necessary in the circumstances, and evaluating the overall presentation of the Identified

Sustainability Indicators.

A limited assurance engagement is substantially less in scope than a reasonable assurance engagement in relation

to both the risk assessment procedures, including an understanding of internal control, and the procedures

performed in response to the assessed risks.

The procedures we performed were based on our professional judgement and included inquiries, observation of

processes performed, inspection of documents, evaluating the appropriateness of quantification methods and

reporting policies, and agreeing or reconciling with underlying records.

Given the circumstances of the engagement, in performing the procedures listed above, we:

•

Obtained an understanding of the identified sustainability indicators and related disclosures.

•

Obtained an understanding of the assessment criteria and their suitability for the evaluation and /or

measurements of the identified sustainability indicators.

•

Made enquiries of Company’s Management, including those responsible for Sustainability, Environment Social

Governance (ESG), Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR), etc., and those with responsibility for managing

the Company’s BRSR.

•

Obtained an understanding and performed an evaluation of the design of the key structures, systems,

processes, and controls for managing, recording and reporting on the Identified Sustainability Indicators

including at the sites/ offices covered.

•

Based on above understanding and the risks that the identified sustainability indicators may be materially

misstated, determined the nature, timing and extent of further procedures.

•

Checked the consolidation for various sites and corporate office under the reporting boundary (as mentioned

in the BRSR) for ensuring the completeness of data being reported.

•

Performed limited substantive testing on a sample basis of the Identified Sustainability Indicators at the

corporate office and in relation of the samples of the sites visited (Anjar – 2 sites) , to verify that data had

been appropriately measured with underlying documents recorded, collated and reported.

•

Assessed records and performed testing including recalculation of sample data.

•

Assessed the level of adherence to the ‘Guidance note for BRSR format’ issued by the Securities and Exchange

Board of India (SEBI) and followed by the Company in preparing the BRSR.

•

Assessed the BRSR for detecting, on a test basis, any major anomalies between the information reported in the

BRSR on performance with respect to agreed parameters / Indicators and relevant source data/information.

•

Obtained representations from Company’s Management.

The procedures performed in a limited assurance engagement vary in nature and timing from, and are less in

extent than for, a reasonable assurance engagement. Consequently, the level of assurance obtained in a limited

assurance engagement is substantially lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had we

performed a reasonable assurance engagement. Accordingly, we do not express a reasonable assurance opinion:

letter/ Scope of Assurance

•

The statements that describe expression of opinion, belief, aspiration, expectation, aim or future intentions

provided by the Company and testing or assessing any forward-looking assertions and/or data.

LIMITED ASSURANCE CONCLUSION

Based on the procedures we have performed and the evidence we have obtained, nothing has come to our

attention that causes us to believe that Welspun Corp Limited’s Identified Sustainability Indicators included in the

Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (BRSR) for the year ended March 31, 2023 are not prepared, in

all material respects, in accordance with the criteria.

RESTRICTION ON USE

Our limited assurance report including the conclusion has been prepared and addressed to the Board of Directors

of the Welspun Corp Limited at the request of the Company solely to assist the Company in reporting on the

Company’s Sustainability performance and activities. Accordingly, we accept no liability to anyone, other than the

Company. Our deliverables should not be used for any other purpose or by any person other than the addressees

of our deliverables. The Firm neither accepts nor assumes any duty of care or liability for any other purpose

or to any other party to whom our Deliverables are shown or into whose hands it may come without our prior

consent in writing.

For Price Waterhouse Chartered Accoutants LLP

Firm Registration Number: 012754N/N500016

Neeraj Sharma

Partner

Place: Pune

Membership Number: 108391

Date: July 21, 2023

UDIN: 23108391BGTBWY1325

APPENDIX 1

Identified Sustainability Indicators

BRSR Indicators Reference

S. No

Indicator Number

Description of the indicator

1

Section C – Principle 6 – E1

Details of total energy consumption

2

Section C – Principle 6 – E3

Water withdrawal and water consumption

3

Section C – Principle 6 – E5

Emissions other than GHG emissions Air emissions [excluding Steel

division plant (Sponge Iron and Billets division)]

4

Section C – Principle 6 – E6

GHG emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2)

5

Section C – Principle 6 – E8

Total waste generated, recovered and disposed

6

Section A – 18a

Total number of employees and workers

7

Section A – 18b

Total no. of differently –abled employees and workers

8

Section A – 19

Representation of women in Board of Directors and KMP

9

Section A – 20

Turnover rate for permanent employees and workers

10

Section C – Principle 3 – E1

Details of measures for the well-being for employees and workers

(excluding day care facilities)

11

Section C – Principle 3 – E5

Return to work and Retention Rate

12

Section C – Principle 3 – E8

Details of training given to employees and workers (excluding

training on skill upgradation)

13

Section C – Principle 3 – E9

Details of performance and career development reviews of

employees and worker

14

Section C – Principle 3 – E11

Safety Incidents (excluding LTIFR)

15

Section C – Principle 5 – E1

Employees and workers who have been provided training on human

rights issues and policy(ies) of the entity:

Managing Director

DIN No.00270175

and Chief Executive Officer

DIN - 07990476

Neeraj Sharma

Percy Birdy

Pradeep Joshi

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No.108391

FCS-4959

Place: Zurich, Switzerland

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 30, 2023

Date: May 30, 2023

Notes

Year ended

March 31, 2023

Year ended

March 31, 2022

INCOME

Revenue from operations

25

6,916.67

5,287.87

Other income

26

289.73

482.62

Total Income

7,206.40

5,770.49

EXPENSES

Cost of materials consumed

27

5,488.45

3,932.06

Purchases of stock-in-trade

28

202.88

146.67

Changes in inventories of finished goods, stock-in-trade and

work-in-progress

29

(374.93)

20.40

Employee benefit expense

30

190.20

209.02

Depreciation and amortisation expense

31

108.98

115.28

Other expenses

32

734.70

675.32

Finance costs

33

149.28

76.88

Total expenses

6,499.56

5,175.63

Profit before tax

706.84

594.86

Income Tax expenses

Current tax

34

149.00

109.46

Deferred tax

35

29.20

(0.32)

Total income tax expense

178.20

109.14

Profit for the year (A)

528.64

485.72

Other comprehensive income

Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss

Deferred gains/ (losses) on cash flow hedges (net)

16(c)

11.13

(14.27)

Income tax relating to this item

(2.80)

3.34

8.33

(10.93)

Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

Remeasurements of post employment benefit obligations

36

0.07

2.58

Income tax relating to this item

(0.02)

(0.65)

0.05

1.93

Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax (B)

8.38

(9.00)

Total comprehensive income for the year (A+B)

537.02

476.72

Earnings per equity share

58

Basic earnings per share (in Rupees)

20.23

18.61

Diluted earnings per share (in Rupees)

20.17

18.57

The above standalone statement of profit and loss should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

This is the standalone statement of profit and loss referred to in our report of even date.

For Price Waterhouse Chartered Accountants LLP

For and on behalf of the Board

Firm Registration No: 012754N / N500016

B.K. Goenka

Vipul Mathur

Chairman: Managing

Managing Director

DIN No.00270175

and Chief Executive Officer

DIN - 07990476

Neeraj Sharma

Percy Birdy

Pradeep Joshi

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No.108391

FCS-4959

Place: Zurich, Switzerland

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 30, 2023

Date: May 30, 2023:

Managing Director

DIN No.00270175

and Chief Executive Officer

DIN - 07990476

Neeraj Sharma

Percy Birdy

Pradeep Joshi

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No.108391

FCS-4959

Place: Zurich, Switzerland

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 30, 2023

Date: May 30, 2023

Standalone Statement of Changes in equity

as at March 31, 2023

(All amounts in Rupees (Rs.) Crore, unless otherwise stated):

letter of credit

46.20

14.47

Interest on income tax

4.00

1.00

Interest and finance charges on lease liability (refer note 3 (b))

1.65

2.02

Interest on Preference share

21.09

0.87

Other finance cost (majorly consists of interest to vendors etc.)

6.12

3.64

Total finance cost

149.28

76.88

34 INCOME TAX EXPENSE

Year ended

March 31, 2023

Year ended

March 31, 2022

Current tax

Current tax for the year

149.00

109.46

Total Current tax

149.00

109.46

35 DEFERRED TAX (REFER NOTE 39)

Year ended

March 31, 2023

Year ended

March 31, 2022

Decrease in deferred tax assets

14.06

9.20

Increase / (Decrease) in deferred tax liabilities

15.14

(9.52)

Total deferred tax expense/ (benefit)

29.20

(0.32)

(i) Reconciliation of tax expense and the accounting profit multiplied by India’s tax rate

Profit before tax

706.84

594.86

Tax rate

25.168%

25.168%

Tax at normal rate

177.90

149.71

Tax effect of amounts which are not deductible/ (taxable) in

calculating taxable income

(Income) / expense on which no deferred tax was required to be recognised

11.91

1.84

Items on which deferred tax was not recognised in the earlier years

(9.93)

-

Items subject to differential tax rate

(1.68)

(42.42)

Total Income tax expense

178.20

109.14

(ii) There are certain income-tax related legal proceedings which are pending against the Company. Potential

liabilities, if any have been adequately provided for, and the Company does not currently estimate any

probable material incremental tax liabilities in respect of these matters.

36 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS

(i) Leave obligations

The leave obligations cover the Company’s liability for earned leave.

(ii) Post-employment obligations - gratuity

The Company has a defined benefit gratuity plan in India, governed by the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972.

The plan entitles an employee, who has rendered at least five years of continuous service, to gratuity

at the rate of fifteen day wages for every completed year of service or part thereof in excess of six

months, based on the rate of wages last drawn by the employee concerned upon retirement/termination.

The gratuity plan is a funded plan and the Company makes contributions to recognised funds in India.

This defined benefit plans expose the Company to actuarial risks, such as interest rate risk and market

(investment) risk.

Balance sheet amounts - gratuity

The amounts recognised in the balance sheet and the movements in the net defined benefit obligations over

the year are as follows:

Present value

of obligations

Fair value of

plan assets

Net amount

April 01, 2021

30.84

(4.01)

26.83

Current service cost

2.37

-

2.37

Interest expense/ (income)

2.08

(0.35)

1.73

Total amount recognised in profit or loss

4.45

(0.35)

4.10

Remeasurements

Return on plan assets excluding amount included in interest

expense

-

0.19

0.19

Experience gains

(1.87)

-

(1.87)

Loss from change in financial assumptions

(0.90)

-

(0.90)

Total amount recognised in other comprehensive income

(2.77)

0.19

(2.58)

Employer's contribution

-

(18.86)

(18.86)

Benefit payment

(6.04)

6.04

-

Adjustment due to transfer out

(1.61)

-

(1.61)

March 31, 2022

24.87

(16.99)

7.88

Present value

of obligations

Fair value of

plan assets

Net amount

April 01, 2022

24.87

(16.99)

7.88

Current service cost

2.16

-

2.16

Interest expense/ (income)

1.78

(1.21)

0.57

Total amount recognised in profit or loss

3.94

(1.21)

2.73

Remeasurements

Return on plan assets excluding amount included in interest

income

-

0.78

0.78

Experience gains

(0.10)

-

(0.10)

Loss from change in financial assumptions

(0.61)

-

(0.61)

Total amount recognised in other comprehensive income

(0.71)

0.78

0.07

Benefit payment

(0.87)

0.87

-

Adjustment due to transfer out

(0.35)

-

(0.35)

March 31, 2023

26.88

(16.55)

10.33:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

Mrs. Dipali Goenka

Non Independent, Non Executive Director

Mr. K.H. Viswanathan (Ceased w.e.f. July 1, 2022)

Independent, Non-Executive Director

Mr. Arun Todarwal (w.e.f. July 1, 2022)

Independent, Non-Executive Director

Mrs. Revathy Ashok

Independent, Non-Executive Director

Mr. Desh Raj Dogra (resigned w.e.f. March 14, 2023)

Independent, Non-Executive Director

Mrs. Amita Misra

Independent, Non-Executive Director

Mr. Manish Chokhani (w.e.f. February 2, 2023)

Independent, Non-Executive Director

Mr. Anjani K. Agrawal (w.e.f. April 1, 2023)

Independent, Non-Executive Director

Mr. Percy Birdy

Chief Financial Officer

Mr. Pradeep Joshi

Company Secretary

d) List of Others over which key management personnel or relatives of such personnel exercise significant

influence or control and entities which are members of same group with whom transaction have taken

place during the current year and previous year:

Welspun India Limited

Welspun Foundation for Health and Knowledge

Welspun Realty Private Limited

Welspun Global Brands Limited

Welspun Enterprises Limited

Welspun Anjar SEZ Limited

Welspun Multiventures LLP

Welspun Floorings Limited

Welassure Private Limited

Welspun Global Services Limited

Welspun Steel Resources Private Limited

MGN Agro Properties Private Limited

Mounting Renewable Power Limited

Welspun Transformation Services Limited

DBG Estates Private Limited

e)

Disclosure in respect of significant transactions with related parties during the year:

Transactions

Year ended

March 31, 2023

Year ended

March 31, 2022

1) Sale of products and services

Welspun Tradings Limited

349.11

180.83

Welspun India Limited

65.76

33.03

Welspun Specialty Solutions Limited

4.25

73.96

Welspun Metallics Limited

145.83

21.04

Welspun Tubular LLC

0.73

0.75

Others

58.97

22.60

Total sale of products and services

624.65

332.21

2) Other income

Welspun Pipes Inc.

0.93

2.37

East Pipes Integrated Company for Industry

-

7.10

Welspun Wasco Coatings Private Limited

3.67

3.71

Welspun Mauritius Holdings Limited

-

307.66

Welspun Specialty Solutions Limited

13.43

1.08

Welspun Metallics Limited

25.24

5.67

Welspun Global Services Limited

0.57 -

Others

7.43

5.17

Total other income

51.27

332.76

3) Purchase of stock-in-trade and other expenses incurred

Welspun Captive Power Generation Limited

59.74

80.88

Welspun Realty Private Limited

5.34

5.34

Welspun India Limited

14.79

8.42

Welspun Wasco Coatings Private Limited

14.09

24.34

Welspun Speciality Solutions Limited

44.12

87.64

Anjar TMT Steel Private Limited

50.54 -

Others

42.09

21.09

Total purchase of stock-in-trade and other expenses incurred

230.71

227.71

4) Purchase of property, plant and equipment and investment

property

Welspun Enterprises Limited

-

0.03

Total of purchase of property, plant and equipment and investment

property

-

0.03:

Managing Director

DIN No.00270175

and Chief Executive Officer

DIN - 07990476

Neeraj Sharma

Percy Birdy

Pradeep Joshi

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No.108391

FCS-4959

Place: Zurich, Switzerland

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 30, 2023

Date: May 30, 2023

Consolidated

Independent Auditors’ Report

To the Members of Welspun Corp Limited

REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

OPINION

1.

We have audited the accompanying consolidated

financial statements of Welspun Corp Limited

(hereinafter referred to as the “Holding Company”)

and its subsidiaries (Holding Company and its

subsidiaries together referred to as the “Group”),

its associate companies and joint venture (refer

Note 51 to the consolidated financial statements),

which comprise the consolidated balance sheet as

at March 31, 2023, and the consolidated statement

of profit and loss (including other comprehensive

income), the consolidated statement of changes

in equity and the consolidated statement of cash

flows for the year then ended, and notes to the

consolidated financial statements, including a

summary of significant accounting policies and

other explanatory information (hereinafter referred

to as “the consolidated financial statements”).

2.

In our opinion and to the best of our information

and according to the explanations given to us,

the aforesaid consolidated financial statements

give the information required by the Companies

Act, 2013 (the “Act”) in the manner so required

and give a true and fair view in conformity with

the accounting principles generally accepted in

India, of the consolidated state of affairs of the

Group, its associate companies and joint venture

as at March 31, 2023, and consolidated total

comprehensive income (comprising of profit

and other comprehensive income), consolidated

changes in equity and its consolidated cash flows

for the year then ended.

BASIS FOR OPINION

3.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the

Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified under

section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities

under those Standards are further described in

the “Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of

the Consolidated Financial Statements” section

of our report. We are independent of the Group,

its associate companies and joint venture in

accordance with the ethical requirements that are

relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial

statements in India in terms of the Code of Ethics

issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants

of India and the relevant provisions of the Act, and

we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities

in accordance with these requirements. We

believe that the audit evidence we have obtained

and the audit evidence obtained by the other

auditors in terms of their reports referred to in

sub-paragraphs 16 and 18 of the Other Matters

section below, other than the unaudited financial

statements/ financial information as certified by

the management and referred to in sub-paragraph

17 of the Other Matters section below, is sufficient

and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

KEY AUDIT MATTER

4.

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit

of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context

of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we

do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. We have determined the matters described below to be

the key audit matters to be communicated in our report.

Key audit matter

How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Assessment of Impairment of carrying value of Goodwill resulting from investment in subsidiary

(Refer note 58 to the consolidated financial statements)

The Group has Goodwill resulting from investment in

equity shares of Welspun Specialty Solutions Limited

(‘WSSL’ or ‘subsidiary’) of Rs. 343.12 crore as at

March 31, 2023. These amounts are significant to the

financial statements.

Consequent to the deteriorating net worth and

continued losses of the subsidiary, the Group has

assessed the impairment of Goodwill based on the

market approach model (the “model”).

Our

procedures

included,

amongst

others,

the

following:

•

Understanding and evaluating the design and

testing the operating effectiveness of the Group’s

controls over impairment assessment of carrying

value of Goodwill;

•

In respect of assessment of carrying value of

Goodwill,

(a) Reviewing the market prices available on

independent website;:

Managing Director

DIN No.00270175

and Chief Executive Officer

DIN - 07990476

Neeraj Sharma

Percy Birdy

Pradeep Joshi

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No.108391

FCS-4959

Place: Zurich, Switzerland

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 30, 2023

Date: May 30, 2023

Consolidated Balance Sheet

as at March 31, 2023 (Contd.)

(All amounts in Rupees (Rs.) Crore, unless otherwise stated):

Managing Director

DIN No.00270175

and Chief Executive Officer

DIN - 07990476

Neeraj Sharma

Percy Birdy

Pradeep Joshi

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No.108391

FCS-4959

Place: Zurich, Switzerland

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 30, 2023

Date: May 30, 2023

Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss

for the year ended March 31, 2023

(All amounts in Rupees (Rs.) Crore, unless otherwise stated):

Managing Director

DIN No.00270175

and Chief Executive Officer

DIN - 07990476

Neeraj Sharma

Percy Birdy

Pradeep Joshi

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No.108391

FCS-4959

Place: Zurich, Switzerland

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 30, 2023

Date: May 30, 2023

Year ended

March 31, 2023

Year ended

March 31, 2022

Proceeds from sales/ redemption of long term investments

481.53 499.96

Purchase of long term investments

(48.36)

(386.94)

Purchase of current investments

(25,448.23)

(16,278.09)

Proceeds from sales/ redemption of current investments

25,991.98 15,940.00

Proceeds from maturity of fixed deposit (net)

(19.70)

27.41

Interest and commission received

108.47

156.92

Dividend received

0.57 0.10

Loan repaid by others (net)

0.13

0.03

Loan given to joint venture

-

0.94

Repayment of loans by joint venture

3.53 -

Net cash from/ (used in) investing activities (B)

(416.66)

(209.09)

C.

Cash flow from/ (used in) financing activities

Proceeds from issue of equity share capital

5.80 -

Payment of dividends to non-controlling interests

-

(34.50)

Proceeds from long term borrowings

1,620.79 997.56

Repayment of long term borrowings

(204.33)

(681.29)

Proceeds from short term borrowings

1,379.18 2,039.30

Repayment of short term borrowings

(1,489.32) (1,648.86)

Interest paid

(177.67)

(73.54)

Dividend paid

(130.23)

(130.27)

Principal elements of lease payments

(95.46)

(15.66)

Net cash (used in)/ from financing activities (C)

908.76 452.74

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents (A+B+C)

306.97 462.12

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the financial year

640.21 169.80

Add: Cash and cash equivalents pursuant to business combinations

42.61 -

(Loss)/ gain on exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents

26.55

8.29

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of year

1,016.34 640.21

Non-cash investing activities:

- Acquisition of right-of-use assets

103.98

-

Reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents as per the cash flow statement

Cash and cash equivalents as per above comprise of the following:

Cash on hand

0.06 0.13

Balances with banks

In current accounts

470.57

511.25

Deposits with original maturity of less than three months

545.71

128.83

Balance per statement of cash flows

1,016.34 640.21

The above consolidated statement of cash flow should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

This is the consolidated statement of cash flow referred to in our report of even date.:

Managing Director

DIN No.00270175

and Chief Executive Officer

DIN - 07990476

Neeraj Sharma

Percy Birdy

Pradeep Joshi

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No.108391

FCS-4959

Place: Zurich, Switzerland

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 30, 2023

Date: May 30, 2023

GENERAL INFORMATION

Welspun Corp Limited (hereinafter referred to as “WCL”

or the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (hereinafter

referred to as the “Group”) are primarily engaged in

the business of manufacture and distribution of steel

products and others (including plastic products).

The Company is a public limited company which is

listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) and the

National Stock Exchange (NSE) and is incorporated and

domiciled in India. The address of its registered office

is “Welspun City”, Village Versamedi, Tal. Anjar, Dist

Kutch, Gujarat - 370110, India.

These consolidated financial statements were approved

for issue by the Board of Directors on May 30, 2023.

NOTE 1: SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

This note provides a list of the significant accounting

policies

adopted

in

the

preparation

of

these

consolidated financial statements. These policies have

been consistently applied to all the years presented,

unless otherwise stated. The Consolidated Financial

Statements (“consolidated financial statements” of

the “financial statements”) relate to the Group and its

interest in joint venture and associates.

1.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION OF FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

a)

Compliance with Ind AS

The consolidated financial statements comply

in all material aspects with Indian Accounting

Standards (Ind AS) notified under Section 133 of

the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) [Companies

(Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015], as

amended, and other relevant provisions of the Act.

b) Historical cost convention

The financial statements have been prepared on

the accrual and going concern basis. The financial

statements have been prepared on a historical cost

basis, except for the following items:

Items

Measurement basis

Certain financial assets

and liabilities (including

derivatives instruments)

Fair Value

Assets or disposal groups

classified as held for sale

Fair value

less cost to sell

Share based payments

Fair Value

Items

Measurement basis

Net defined benefit

(asset)/ liability

Fair Value of plan

assets less present

value of defined

benefit obligations

c)

Current and non-current classification

All assets and liabilities have been classified as

current or non-current as per the Group’s normal

operating cycle (i.e. 12 months) and other criteria

set out in Schedule III (Division II) to the Act.

d) Recent Accounting Pronouncements

i.

New amendments issued but not effective

The Ministry of Corporate Affairs has vide

notification dated 31 March 2023 notified

Companies (Indian Accounting Standards)

Amendment Rules, 2023 which amends

certain

accounting

standards,

and

are

effective April 01, 2023. These amendments

are not expected to have a material impact on

the company in the current or future reporting

periods and on foreseeable future transactions.

Items

Key requirements

Disclosure of

Accounting

Policies

Amendments

to Ind AS

1, Presentation

of financial

statements.

The amendment requires entities

to disclose their material rather

than their significant accounting

policies. The amendments define

what

is

‘material

accounting

policy information’ and explain

how to identify when accounting

policy

information

is

material.

They further clarify that immaterial

accounting

policy

information

does not need to be disclosed. If it

is disclosed, it should not obscure

material accounting information.

Definition of

Accounting

Estimates

Amendments

to Ind AS 8,

Accounting

policies,

changes in

accounting

estimates

and

errors.

The

amendment

clarifies

how

entities should distinguish changes

in

accounting

policies

from

changes in accounting estimates.

The

distinction

is

important,

because changes in accounting

estimates are applied prospectively

to future transactions and other

future events, but changes in

accounting policies are generally

applied retrospectively to past

transactions and other past events

as well as the current period.:

letter of credit

49.79

14.49

Interest on income tax (refer note 26)

4.00

1.00

Interest on Preference share

22.75

-

Interest and finance charges on lease liability (refer note 3(b))

3.42

3.15

Others finance cost

17.23

7.83

Total finance cost

243.16

101.89

36 INCOME TAX EXPENSE

Year ended

March 31, 2023

Year ended

March 31, 2022

(i) Income tax expenses

Current tax

Current tax on profits for the year

162.79

228.99

Adjustments for current tax of prior years

7.79

0.72

Total current tax

170.58

229.71

Deferred tax (refer note 38)

Decrease in deferred tax assets

(75.41)

22.15

Increase/ (decrease) in deferred tax liabilities

39.29

(35.47)

Total deferred tax charge/ (benefit)

(36.12)

(13.32)

Total Current tax

134.46

216.39:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

Mrs. Dipali Goenka

Non Independent, Non Executive Director

Mr. K.H. Viswanathan

Independent, Non-Executive Director (Ceased w.e.f. July 1, 2022)

Mr. Arun Todarwal

Independent, Non-Executive Director (w.e.f. July 1, 2022)

Mrs. Revathy Ashok

Independent, Non-Executive Director

Mr. Desh Raj Dogra

Independent, Non-Executive Director (Resigned w.e.f. March 14, 2023)

Mrs. Amita Misra

Independent, Non-Executive Director

Mr. Manish Chokhani

Independent, Non-Executive Director (w.e.f. February 2, 2023)

Mr. Anjani K. Agrawal

Independent, Non-Executive Director (w.e.f. April 1, 2023)

Mr. Percy Birdy

Chief Financial Officer

Mr. Pradeep Joshi

Company Secretary

d) List of Other entities over which key management personnel or relatives of such personnel exercise

significant influence or control and entities which are members of same Group with whom transaction

have taken place during the year

Welspun India Limited

Welspun Foundation for Health and Knowledge

Welspun Realty Private Limited

Welspun Global Brands Limited

Welspun Enterprises Limited

Welspun Anjar SEZ Limited

Welspun Multiventures LLP

Welspun Floorings Limited

MGN Agro Properties Private Limited

Welassure Private Limited

Welspun Global Services Limited

DBG Estates Private Limited

Welspun BAPL Pvt. Ltd. (Formerly

known as Plast Auto Pvt. Ltd.)

Welspun Transformation Services Limited

Welspun Advanced Materials (India) Limited

Mounting Renewable Power Limited

Welspun Steel Resources Private Limited

Welspun Steel Limited (Non- Steel Business):

Managing Director

DIN No.00270175

and Chief Executive Officer

DIN - 07990476

Neeraj Sharma

Percy Birdy

Pradeep Joshi

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No.108391

FCS-4959

Place: Zurich, Switzerland

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 30, 2023

Date: May 30, 2023:

MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO.

To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a Special Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 196, 197, 198, Schedule V

and all other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Companies

(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, including any

statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force, the

relevant provisions of the Articles of Association of the Company and all applicable

guidelines issued by the Central Government from time to time and subject to such

other approvals, consents, sanctions as may be required under the Act or otherwise,

and based on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee

and the Board of Directors of the Company, approval of the members be and is hereby

accorded for revision in remuneration of Mr. Vipul Mathur-: Managing

letter for appointment of Ms. Sheth as an independent director setting

out the terms and conditions would be available for inspection without any fee by the

members at the Registered Office / Corporate Office of the Company during normal

business hours on any working day, excluding Saturday and Sunday.

In view of skills, expertise and experience of Ms. Sheth and upon recommendation of

Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board recommends, in terms of the

Regulation 17 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, the special resolution, as set out at

item no. 10 of accompanying Notice, for approval of the members.

None of the promoters, directors or key managerial personnel of the Company and / or

their relatives may be deemed to be concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in

the proposed special resolution set out at item no. 10 of the accompanying Notice.

Members’ approval is sought by way of special resolution proposed under Item no. 10 of

the accompanying Notice.

ITEM NO. 11: REVISION IN THE REMUNERATION TO THE MANAGING

DIRECTOR & CEO.

In terms of Section 197, 198, Schedule V and other applicable provisions of the Companies

Act, 2013, the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on August 4, 2023

(based on recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee) approved

revision in the remuneration to Mr. Vipul Mathur-: Managing

Managing Director

& CEO.

(5)

Remuneration proposed

As mentioned in the text of the resolution no. 11

(6)

Comparative

remuneration profile with

respect to industry, size of

the Company, profile of

the position and person (in

case of expatriates the

relevant details would be

with respect to the country

of his origin)

Considering the size of the Company’s turnover, the remuneration

proposed is comparable with the similar position in the industry.

(7)

Pecuniary

relationship

directly or indirectly with

the

Company,

or

relationship

with

the

managerial personnel, if

any.

No:

Managing Director & CEO of the Company pursuant to

applicable provisions of the Act. The Notice read with Explanatory Statement should be

considered as written Memorandum setting out the terms of remuneration of Mr. Mathur

as: Managing

letter to the Company or upload on the VC portal / e-

voting portal.

6. The Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel and their shareholding, maintained

under Section 170 of the Act, and the Register of Contracts or Arrangements in which the

directors are interested, maintained under Section 189 of the Act, will be available electronically

for inspection by the members during the General Meeting. All documents referred to in the

Notice will also be available for electronic inspection without any fee by the members from the

date of circulation of this Notice up to the date of General Meeting, i.e. September 22, 2023.

Members seeking to inspect such documents can send an email to CS_WCL@welspun.com.

7. Members whose shareholding is in electronic mode are requested to direct notifications about

change of address and updates about bank account details to their respective depository

participants(s) (DP). Members whose shareholding is in physical mode are requested to opt for

the Electronic Clearing System (ECS) mode to receive dividend on time in line with the

Circulars. We urge members to utilize the ECS for receiving dividends.

8. Members may note that the Board of Directors, in its meeting held on May 30, 2023 have

recommended a final dividend @100% (Re. 5 per share) for the financial year 2022-23. The record

date for the purpose of dividend was June 16, 2023. The final dividend, once approved by the:

letter

issued by the competent authority or any other evidences demonstrating the non-

applicability of Article 24 - Limitation of Relief under India-Singapore

Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement (DTAA).

It is recommended that shareholders should independently satisfy their eligibility to

claim DTAA benefit including meeting of all conditions laid down by DTAA.

Kindly note that the Company is not obligated to apply beneficial DTAA rates at the

time of tax deduction / withholding on dividend amounts. Application of beneficial

rate as per DTAA for the purpose of withholding taxes shall depend upon

completeness and satisfactory review by the Company of the documents submitted by

the non-resident shareholder.

c.

In case of Global Depositary Receipt (GDR) holders, taxes shall be withheld at 10%

plus applicable surcharge and cess in accordance with provisions of Section 196C of

the Act, only if they provide self-attested copy of the PAN Card. In case, no PAN

details are made available, tax will be deducted at 20% plus applicable surcharge and

cess.

III. TDS to be deducted at higher rate in case of non-filers of Return of Income

The provisions of Section 206AB require the deductor to deduct tax at higher of the

following rates from amount paid/ credited to specified person:

i.

At twice the rate specified in the relevant provision of the Act; or

ii.

At twice the rates or rates in force; or

iii. At the rate of 5%

As per Central Board of Direct Taxes vide Circular No. 11 of 2021 dated June 21, 2021, for

determining TDS rate on Dividend, the Company will be using functionality of the Income-

tax department to determine the applicability of Section 206AB of the Act.

The non-resident who does not have the permanent establishment is excluded from the

scope of a specified person.

PAYMENT OF DIVIDEND

The dividend on Equity Shares for FY 2022-23, once approved by the shareholders of the

Company at the AGM, will be paid after deducting the tax at source as under::

letter etc. with

attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote,

to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to mansi@jmja.in with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in.

Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their

Board Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority: Letter etc. by clicking on "Upload Board

Resolution / Authority Letter" displayed under "e-Voting" tab in their login.

2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost

care to keep your password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon

five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In such an event, you will need to go

through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?” option

available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders

and e-voting user manual for Shareholders available at the download section of

