Letter/ Power of Attorney authorising their representative(s)

to attend the meeting and vote on their behalf through

e-voting. The said resolution/: letter/ power of attorney shall

be sent by the body corporate through its registered e-mail

id to to the Scrutinizer by email through its registered email

address to contact@cssanjaygrover.in with a copy marked

to einward.ris@kfintech.com (KFIN’s id).

ELECTRONIC DISPATCH OF ANNUAL REPORT AND

PROCESS FOR REGISTRATION OF EMAIL ID FOR

OBTAINING COPY OF ANNUAL REPORT

7.

In accordance with the MCA Circulars read with the SEBI

Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2020/79 dated

May 12, 2020 (the ‘SEBI Circular’):

a)

Notice of the AGM along with the Integrated Report

for the financial year 2019-20 is being sent to the

Members, trustees of debenture holders and to all

other persons so entitled in electronic mode only,

whose email addresses has been registered with

the Company/ Depository Participants (‘DPs’)/

Depository/ KFIN. Members are requested to verify/

update their details such as email address, mobile

number etc. with their DPs, in case the shares are

held in electronic form and with KFIN, in case the

shares are held in physical form.

b)

Those Members who have not yet registered their

email addresses and consequently, have not received

the Notice and the Integrated Report, are requested

to get their email addresses and mobile numbers

registered with KFIN, by following the guidelines

mentioned below.

Guidelines to register email address:

i)

Visit the link https://ris.kfintech.com/email_

registration.

ii)

Select the company name i.e. Bharti Airtel

Limited.

iii) Enter DPID-CLIENT ID (in case shares are held

in electronic form)/ Physical Folio No. (in case

shares are held in physical form) and PAN.

iv) If PAN details are not available in the system, the

system will prompt to upload a self-attested copy

of the PAN card for updating the records.

v)

In case shares are held in physical form and PAN

is not available in the records, please enter any

one of the Share Certificate No. in respect of the

shares held by you.

vi) Enter the email address and Mobile No.

vii) System will check the authenticity of DPID-CLID/

Physical Folio No. and PAN/Certificate No., as

the case may be, and will send the OTPs at the

registered Mobile No. as well as email address

for validation.

viii) Enter the OTPs received by SMS and email to

complete the validation process. Please note

that the OTPs will be valid for 5 minutes only.

ix) The Company through KFIN will send the Notice,

Integrated Report and the e-voting instructions

along with the User ID and Password to the email

address given by you.

letter

duly signed by the first shareholder, providing

the email address, mobile number, self-attested

copy of PAN and Client Master copy (in case

shares are held in electronic form) or copy of

the share certificate (in case shares are held in

physical form) to enable KFIN to register their

e-mail address and to provide them the Notice,

Integrated Report and the e-voting instructions

along with the User ID and Password.

xi) Kindly note that in case the shares are held in

electronic form, the above facility is only for

temporary registration of email address for

receipt of Notice, Integrated Report and the

e-voting instructions along with the User ID and

Password. Such Members will have to register

their email address with their DPs permanently,

so that all communications are received by them

in electronic form.

xii) In case of queries, Members are requested to

write to einward.ris@kfintech.com or call at the

toll free number 1800 345 4001.

8.

The notice of AGM along with Annual Report will be sent

to those members / beneficial owners whose name will

appear in the register of members/ list of beneficiaries

received from the depositories as on Friday, July 17, 2020.

9.

The Notice of the AGM and the Integrated Report for the

financial year 2019-20 will be available on the website of

the Company (www.airtel.com), on the website of KFIN

https://evoting.karvy.com/ and on the website of National

Stock Exchange of India Limited (www.nseindia.com) and

BSE Limited (www.bseindia.com), in compliance with the

MCA Circulars.

PROCEDURE FOR JOINING THE AGM THROUGH

VC/ OAVM

10. The Company is providing VC/OAVM facility to its

members for joining/participating at the AGM. Members

may join the Meeting through Desktops, Laptops,

Smartphones, Tablets and iPads. Further, Members are

requested to use Internet with a good speed to avoid

any disturbance during the Meeting. Please note that

participants connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets

or through Laptops connecting via mobile hotspot may

experience Audio/Video loss due to fluctuation in their

respective network. It is therefore recommended to use

stable Wi-Fi or LAN connection to mitigate any glitches.

11. Members are requested to follow the procedure given

below to attend the AGM through VC / OAVM or view the

live webcast:

i)

Launch internet browser (latest version of Chrome/

Firefox/Safari/ Internet Explorer 11 or MS Edge) by

typing the URL: https://emeetings.kfintech.com.

ii)

Enter the login credentials (i.e., User ID and password

for e-voting).

iii) After logging in, click on “Video Conference” option.

iv) Then click on camera icon appearing against AGM

event of Bharti Airtel Limited to attend the AGM.

12. Members who do not have the User ID and Password

for e-voting or have forgotten the User ID and Password

may retrieve the same by following the remote e-voting

instructions.

13. The facility for joining the AGM shall open 15 minutes

before the time scheduled for AGM and will continue till the

conclusion of the AGM. Large shareholders (Shareholders

holding 2% or more shareholding), Promoters, Institutional

Investors, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel Chairperson

of Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration

Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee and

Auditors are encouraged to attend the AGM.

14. To ensure smooth transmission and co-ordination during

the Q&A Session, the Company is providing the facility of

Speaker Registration. Members who would like to express

their views or ask questions during the AGM may register

themselves by logging on to https://emeetings.kfintech.

com and clicking on the ‘Speaker Registration’ option

available on the screen after log in. The facility of ‘Speaker

Registration’ will open from Friday, August 14, 2020

and will end on Saturday, August 15, 2020. Only those

members who are registered will be allowed to express

their views or ask questions.

15. Members can submit their questions in advance with regard

to the accounts or any other matter to be placed at the

AGM by sending an e-mail to the Company at compliance.

officer@bharti.in and marking a copy to evoting@KFintech.

com mentioning their name, DP ID-Client ID / Folio number

on or before Saturday, August 15, 2020 or they can post

their questions from Friday, August 14, 2020 and will end

on Saturday, August 15, 2020 by logging on to https://

emeetings.kfintech.com/. They can also upload their

video by registering themselves as speaker by accessing

the facility provided at https://emeetings.kfintech.com ->

speaker registration. The maximum time limit of the video

should be three minutes. At the AGM, such questions will

be replied by the Company suitably. The Company reserves

the right to restrict the number of questions and number

of speakers, depending upon the availability of time, for

smooth conduct of the AGM.

16. In case of any query relating to the procedure for attending

AGM through VC/ OAVM or for any technical assistance,

Members may call on toll free no.: 1800 345 4001 or send

an e-mail at einward.ris@kfintech.com.

17. Members attending the AGM through VC/ OAVM shall be

counted for the purpose of reckoning the quorum under

Section 103 of the Act.

18. The recorded transcript of this meeting, shall as soon

as possible, be made available on the website of the

Company.

19. Institutional shareholders are encouraged to attend and

vote at the AGM.:

letter, duly

signed by the first shareholder, along with a cancelled

cheque leaf with your name and bank account details

and a copy of your PAN card, duly self-attested, with KFIN.

This will facilitate receipt of dividend directly into your

bank account. In case the cancelled cheque leaf does not

bear your name, please attach a copy of the bank pass-

book statement, duly self-attested. We also request you

to register your email IDs and mobile numbers with the

KFIN at the einward.ris@kfintech.com with a copy to the

Company at compliance.officer@bharti.in.

47. Shareholders will also be able to see the credit of TDS in

Form 26AS, which can be downloaded from their e-filing

account at https://incometaxindiaefiling.gov.in. We seek

your co-operation in the matter.

48. The Company vide its separate email communication

dated July 24, 2020 had informed the Members regarding

this change in the Income Tax Act, 1961 as well as the

relevant procedure to be adopted by the Members to avail

the applicable tax rate.

49. Please note that the Company is not obligated to apply

the beneficial DTAA rates at the time of tax deduction /

withholding on dividend amounts. Application of beneficial

DTAA Rate shall depend upon the completeness and

satisfactory review by the Company, of the documents

submitted by Non-Resident shareholder.

OTHER INFORMATION:

50. Information regarding particulars of the Directors to

be re-appointed requiring disclosure in terms of the

Secretarial Standard 2, Listing Regulations and the

explanatory statement pursuant to Section 102 of the

Act are annexed hereto. The directorships held by the

Directors considered for the purpose of disclosure do not

include the directorships held in foreign companies. The

committee chairmanships/ memberships considered

for the purpose of disclosure are those prescribed

under Listing Regulations viz. Audit Committee and

Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee of Indian public

limited companies.

51. As per Regulation 40 of Listing Regulations, securities of listed

companies can be transferred only in dematerialized form with

effect from April 1, 2019, except in case of request received

for transmission or transposition of securities. In view of this

and to eliminate all risks associated with physical shares and

for ease of portfolio management, Members holding shares

in physical form are requested to consider converting their

holdings to dematerialized form. Members can contact the

Company or KFIN for assistance in this regard.

52. Members who are holding shares in physical form are

requested to address all correspondence concerning

registration of transmissions, sub-division, consolidation of

shares or any other share related matters and/ or change

in address or updation thereof to KFIN. Members, whose

shareholding is in electronic format are requested to direct

change of address notifications, registration of e-mail address

and updation of bank account details to their respective DPs.

53. Non-resident Indian shareholders are requested to inform

about the following to the Company or KFIN or the

concerned DP, as the case may be, immediately of:

a.

The change in the residential status on return to India

for permanent settlement;

b.

The particulars of the NRE Account with a Bank in

India, if not furnished earlier.

54. Members can avail the facility of nomination in respect

of shares held by them in physical form pursuant to the

provisions of Section 72 of the Act read with Rule 19(1)

of the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules,

2014. Members desiring to avail this facility may send

their nomination in the prescribed Form duly filled in to

KFIN. The Nomination Form in the prescribed format is

available on the website of the Company at www.airtel.

com. Members interested in obtaining a copy of the

Nomination Form may write to the Company Secretary at

the Company’s registered office.

55. Securities and Exchange Board of India has mandated

the submission of PAN by every participant in securities

market. Members holding shares in electronic form

are, therefore, requested to submit their PAN details to

their DPs with whom they are maintaining their demat

accounts. Members holding shares in physical form can

submit their PAN to KFIN.

56. Members who are holding shares in physical form in

identical names in more than one folio are requested

to write to KFIN enclosing their share certificates to

consolidate their holding into one folio.

57. At the twenty second AGM held on July 24, 2017, the

members approved the appointment of M/s. Deloitte

Haskins & Sells LLP, Chartered Accountants (Registration

No. 117366W/ W - 100018) as Statutory Auditors of the

Company to hold office for a period of five years from

the conclusion of that AGM till the conclusion of twenty

seventh AGM to be held in financial year 2022-23, subject

to ratification of their appointment by members at every

AGM. The requirement to place the matter relating to

appointment of auditors for ratification by members

at every AGM has been done away by the Companies

(Amendment) Act, 2017 with effect from May 7, 2018.

Accordingly, no resolution is being proposed for ratification

of appointment of statutory auditors at this AGM.:

letter for re-appointment of Mr. Shishir Priyadarshi

setting out the terms and conditions is available for inspection

at the Registered Office of the Company on any working day

between 11.00 a.m. to 1.00 p.m. upto the conclusion of AGM

and will also be available for inspection in the electronic mode.

Brief profile of Mr. Shishir Priyadarshi is enclosed and detailed

profile is available on www.airtel.com. The Board considers that

his continued association would be of immense benefit to the

Company and it is desirable to continue to avail his services.

Accordingly, the Board recommends the passing of resolution

set out in item no. 04 as a Special Resolution.

Except Mr. Shishir Priyadarshi and his relatives, to the extent

of their shareholding, if any, none of the Directors or Key

Managerial Personnel of the Company and their relatives, are

in any way concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in

the resolution as set out in item no. 04 of the Notice.

Item No. 05

As per the provisions of Section 148 of the Companies Act,

2013 read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules,

2014, the remuneration payable to the Cost Auditors is

required to be ratified by the shareholders of the Company at

the General Meeting.

The Board, on the recommendation of the Audit Committee

has appointed Sanjay Gupta & Associates, Cost Accountants,

(Registration no. 00212) as Cost Auditors to conduct the

audit of the cost records of the Company at a remuneration of

H 11,00,000/- ((Rupees Eleven Lacs Only) plus applicable

taxes and reimbursement of outstation travel charges for the

financial year ending March 31, 2021.

Ratification of the members is being sought for the proposal

contained in the resolution set out at item no. 05 of the notice.

The Board recommends and proposes to pass the resolution

set out at item no. 05 of the notice as an Ordinary Resolution.

None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and their

relatives is, in any way, concerned or interested, financially

or otherwise, in the resolution as set out in item no. 05 of

the Notice, except to the extent of their shareholdings in the

Company.

Information of Directors to be appointed and the Directors seeking re-appointment at the forthcoming

Annual General Meeting pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015, in accordance with provisions of Companies Act, 2013 and

Secretarial Standards, as on the date of Notice.

Name of the Director

Mr. Gopal Vittal

Mr. Shishir Priyadarshi

Directors Identification Number (DIN)

02291778

03459204

Date of Birth (Age in years)

June 18, 1966 (54 years)

October 23, 1957 (62 Years)

Original date of appointment

February 01, 2013

February 04, 2015

Qualifications

•

Graduation from Madras Christian College

•

MBA from Indian Institute of Management,

Kolkata

•

Masters in Physics

•

Masters in Developmental

Economics

Experience and expertise in specific functional

area

General Management

International Economic Policy,

Infrastructure Development

and International Financial

and Trade Regulations

Remuneration Last Drawn

As mentioned in Corporate Governance Report

Number of Meetings of Board attended during

the year

As mentioned in Corporate Governance Report:

Managing Director & CEO

(India & South Asia):

Message from the Chairman

040

Message from Managing

Director & CEO

042

Board of Directors

044

Risk management

048

Our strategic progress

050

Performance highlights

052

Materiality assessment

054

Our business and value

creation model

056

Financial capital

058

Intellectual capital

064

Human capital

074

Manufactured capital

080

Social & relationship capital

088

Natural capital

095

Celebrating excellence

096

Airtel’s quest for care

110

Business Responsibility

Report

120

Board’s Report

158

Management Discussion

and Analysis

188

Report on Corporate

Governance

215

Standalone

Financial Statements

293

Consolidated

Financial Statements

402

Statement Pursuant

to Section 129 of the

Companies Act, 2013

Integrated

Report

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

003-108

109-214

215-405

READ

INSIDE

Reference to

other pages

within the report

Throughout the

report look out

for these

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Bharti Airtel Limited

Integrated Report and Annual Financial Statements 2019-20

002

Integrated Report:

Managing Director & CEO

(India & South Asia)

Ms. Kimsuka Narasimhan

Mr. Manish Kejriwal

Mr. Rakesh Bharti Mittal

Mr. Shishir Priyadarshi

Ms. Tan Yong Choo

Mr. V. K. Viswanathan

Internal Assurance

Partners

Ernst & Young LLP

ANB & Co., Chartered Accountants

Cost Auditors

Sanjay Gupta & Associates

Cost Accountants

Secretarial Auditors

Chandrasekaran Associates

Company Secretaries

Registered &

Corporate Office

Bharti Crescent,

1, Nelson Mandela Road,

Vasant Kunj, Phase – II,

New Delhi – 110 070,

India

Website

http://www.airtel.com

003:

Dear Shareholders,

The world is in the midst of an

unprecedented crisis in the form of

the COVID-19 pandemic. Economies,

businesses and our way of life has been

disrupted and the road to recovery is

likely to be a long one. While I remain

highly optimistic that we will soon have

a vaccine, the world will have to adjust

to the new normal.

In this backdrop, telecoms and digital

technologies have become the bedrock

of our lives – be it work from home or

virtual classrooms, telecom networks

are ensuring that the world does not

come to a standstill. Telecom is the

oxygen for the digital world.

Serving the customers

I say this with immense pride that since

the time of COVID-19 lockdown, your

company has gone the extra mile to

keep India connected over its digital

backbone. While one billion people

stayed safe in their homes during the

lockdown, Airtel’s network engineers

and field staff worked tirelessly on the

ground to make sure that our networks

run seamlessly.

True to our DNA of innovation and

agility, Airtel’s team of over 15,000

people was able to transition to remote

working and stay obsessed with

delighting customers. From building

digital channels for customer services

to rolling our innovative peer to peer

mobile recharges, Airtel stepped up the

game when it mattered the most. And

I, on behalf of all of you, want to express

my deep gratitude and appreciation for

their efforts.

To strengthen the nation’s efforts to

tackle the COVID-19 pandemic, your

"Airtel’s 25 year growth

story is synonymous

with India’s telecom

revolution and we

are immensely proud

of having built an

institution that has

empowered hundreds

of millions of Indians

with affordable

connectivity."

company also responded to the clarion

call made by the Hon’ble Prime Minister

of India.

Bharti Enterprises, including its

companies Bharti Airtel, Bharti

Infratel committed a sum of over

H 100 crore for India’s fight against

COVID-19. A significant portion of

this corpus was contributed to the

PM - CARES Fund. The balance was

directed towards sourcing of masks,

PPE and other key equipment for

the doctors, healthcare workers and

essential services personnel who are

at the forefront of this massive battle.

In addition to the H 100 crore

committed by Bharti Enterprises, the

employees of Bharti Airtel also made

personal voluntary contributions

towards this cause and the amount

was matched by your company.

Integrated Report

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Bharti Airtel Limited

Integrated Report and Annual Financial Statements 2019-20

038: Message from the

Message from Managing Director & CEO:

Dear Shareholders,

The Financial Year 2019-20 was an

unprecedented year for the telecom

industry. The COVID-19 outbreak in

the last quarter has impacted both

the human health and financial well-

being of our society. The exceptional

circumstances have brought to the fore

the essential role of telecom industry

in fueling the economic engine of the

country. At the same time, we are

seeing a fundamental shift in consumer

behavior which in turn has opened up a

new realm of opportunities for us.

Airtel has a simple strategy. Focus on

winning with high quality customers.

Identify the micro-markets in which

these customers are and win their

hearts through a brilliant experience

and aspirational brand. This focus is

underpinned and driven by the scale of

our digital platforms. We believe that

this strategy has worked for us. It is

reflected in not only our performance

over the last year, but also in our

ability to remain resilient through the

COVID-19 crisis.

Quality Customers – We have been

consistently focused on acquiring and

retaining quality customers. The fact

that we realized full impact of the tariff

hike that the industry had taken in

December, reflects the resilience and

quality of our mobile customer base.

Further, our 4G customer additions

saw a massive growth during the

year – we added 50M 4G customers

and our ARPU increased from H123

to H154. We saw strong net additions

in our Broadband and DTH business

as well. In our Enterprise business,

we continued to strengthen our

relationship with businesses and have

built a reputation for ensuring that their

data remains secure and safe. Going

forward, we are focused on leveraging

our One Airtel proposition to drive

synergies across our portfolio. And will

build greater value for our customers

by offering services and propositions

in line with the evolving customer

behavior.

Brilliant Experience – Our

performance was made possible

due to our obsession with delivering

an exceptional experience to our

customers. This was enabled through

three factors. First, expansion of access

– we added more than 13,000 sites

during the year and over 86,000 mobile

broadband base stations. Second –

Technology – we deployed a range

of technologies – densification of our

networks, massive MIMOs, shut down

of 3G networks so as to re-farm the

spectrum to 4G and launch of Voice

over WiFi, which has dramatically

improved indoor experience. Thirdly,

substantial capacity has been added to

the core and transport infrastructure.

Despite this, we know we are not

perfect and we will continue to be

obsessed about experience – we will

further expand our coverage (especially

in rural areas), will eliminate faults and

above all, we will be transparent with

our customers about what we can and

cannot do.

Digital Platforms – There are four

key pillars that we have as a telco

and we have platformatized each of

these strengths. First is Data – Our

customers trust us with an incredible

amount of data that is consolidated

into one powerful and intelligent

platform. The second strength is

Distribution – we have access to over

280 Mn mobile customers, over 18 Mn

Homes, 2,000 large corporates and

over a million small businesses. More

than 150 Mn of these customers are

now engaged with us digitally across

our Thanks, Wynk and Xstream apps.

Third is Payments – we are one of the

few businesses that has the ability

to collect payments from customers,

be it digitally or in the form of cash

– we have more than 1 Mn retailers

connected with us digitally through

our ‘Mitra’ app. Finally, our Network

and location based understanding

which provides us incredible capability

to deliver value to our customers.

We have used these platforms to

strengthen our core businesses – to

acquire more customers, to upgrade

them and to reduce churn. Leveraging

these strengths, we have also built the

foundation of several new businesses

like Data Center. Our path forward is to

extend the power of these platforms

to our partners and deliver a range

of services to our customers, while

building new revenue streams for us.

And all of this has been made possible

because of our People. I have been

privileged to hear innumerable stories

of how our employees have gone

above and beyond their roles to

make sure that we keep the nation

connected, at a time when it mattered

the most.

Lastly, as an organization, we continue

to be committed to sustainable and

inclusive growth. Bharti Foundation

has been doing remarkable work to

spread awareness about education and

empowerment of girl child.

I would like to thank our customers,

our people, our partners and our

shareholders for their support and faith

in us. We seek your continued guidance

in our journey.

Gopal Vittal

041:

letter

of intent to set up Satya Bharti as

a Greenfield Institute of Eminence.

The Institute intends to attain global

recognition through its eminent

faculty, research opportunities, world-

class infrastructure and amenities

comparable to the top 500 institutes

of the world. In the long run, it aspires

to be amongst the top 100 institutions

attracting talent from across the world.

103:

Managing Director and Chief Executive

Officer. The Audit Committee of the Board along with other

Board Committees regularly reviews implementation of

policies.

(C) The following policies can be viewed on its website www.

airtel.com and www.bharti.com

1.

Code of Conduct Policy

2.

Code of Conduct Policy for Partners

3.

CSR Policy

4.

Ombudsperson Policy and Process

5.

Stakeholder Engagement Framework

6.

Human Rights Policy

7.

Environment Health and Safety Policy

(D) Except policies listed above, all other policies are meant

for internal consumption of employees and are available

on the Company’s intranet. All policies have been

periodically communicated to the relevant internal and

external stakeholders.

(E) All policies are owned by the respective AMB member

and their senior leadership teams are responsible for the

effective implementation of the policies.

(F) Any clarifications for grievances related to either of the

policies are addressed by the respective leadership audit

team member and if not addressed to satisfaction, can be

escalated to the Ombudsperson.

(G) All policies and their implementation are audited by an

independent internal audit team who in turn reports

issues, if any, to the Board / Audit Committee.

Governance related to BR

1.

Performance assessment frequency of BR: The

CSR Committee and Board assess and review the BR

performance annually and give a strategic direction to

Airtel’s BR initiatives, as required.

2.

Details of BR and Sustainability Report: Airtel publishes

an annual Integrated Report in accordance with the

International <IR> Framework as developed by IIRC. The

report has been uploaded on Airtel’s website and can be

viewed at www.airtel.in.:

Managing Director & CEO of the Company will

retire by rotation at the ensuing AGM and being eligible, has

offered himself for re-appointment. The Board recommends

his re-appointment.

Mr. Shishir Priyadarshi had completed his present term as

Independent Director of the Company on February 03, 2020.

On the recommendation of the HR and Nomination Committee,

the Board, subject to the approval of the shareholders, has re-

appointed him as Independent Director for a further term of

five consecutive years i.e. upto February 03, 2025.

In the opinion of the Board, Mr. Shishir Priyadarshi fulfils the

conditions specified in the Companies Act, 2013 and the

rules made thereunder and under Listing Regulations and is

independent to the management and accordingly, the Board

recommends his re-appointment.

Brief resume, nature of expertise, details of directorships held in

other companies of the Directors proposed to be re-appointed,

along with their shareholding in the Company, as stipulated

under Secretarial Standard 2 and Regulation 36 of the Listing

Regulations, is appended as an Annexure to the Notice of the

ensuing AGM.

Declaration by Independent Directors

The Company has received declarations from all Independent

Directors of the Company confirming that they continue

to meet the criteria of independence, as prescribed under

Section 149 of the Companies Act, 2013, rules made there

under and Regulations 16 & 25 of the Listing Regulations. The

Independent Directors have also confirmed that they have

complied with the Company’s code of conduct.

Board

Diversity

and

Policy

on

Director’s

Appointment and Remuneration

The Company believes that building a diverse and inclusive

culture is integral to its success. A diverse Board will be

able to leverage different skills, qualifications, professional

experiences,

perspectives

and

backgrounds,

which:

Managing Director & CEO (India and

South Asia) does not receive any such remuneration or

commission from the Company or its holding company or

subsidiary company which requires disclosure under Section

197(14) of the Companies Act, 2013.

Related Party Transactions

A detailed note on the procedure adopted by the Company in

dealing with contracts and arrangements with related parties

is provided in the Report on Corporate Governance, which

forms part of this Annual Report.

All arrangements / transactions entered into by the Company

with its related parties during the year were in the ordinary

course of business and on an arm’s length basis. During the

year, the Company has not entered into any arrangement /

transaction with related parties which could be considered

material in accordance with the Company’s Policy on Related

Party Transactions read with the Listing Regulations and

accordingly, the disclosure of related party transactions in Form

AOC - 2 is not applicable. However, names of related parties

and details of transactions with them have been included in

Note no. 33 to the financial statements provided in the Annual

Report under Indian Accounting Standards 24.

The Policy on the related party transactions is available

on the Company’s website at https://s3-ap-southeast-1.

amazonaws.com/bsy/iportal/images/Policy-on-Related-

Party-Transactions_2E9BFE0648B2C56BAC33CAF5676D6

BC1_1566305301148.pdf.

Energy Conservation, Technology Absorption

and Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo

The details of energy conservation, technology absorption

and foreign exchange earnings and outgo as required under

Section 134(3) of the Companies Act, 2013, read with the

Rule 8 of Companies (Accounts of Companies) Rules, 2014 is

annexed as Annexure F to this report.

Particulars of Employees

Disclosures relating to remuneration of Directors u/s 197(12)

of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) read with Rule 5(1) of

Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial

Personnel) Rules, 2014 is annexed as Annexure G to this

report.

Particulars of employee remuneration as required under

Section 197(12) of the Act read with Rule 5(2) and Rule

5(3) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of:

Managing Director or CEO and the roles of

Chairman and: Managing

managing director/whole time director/

manager and shall specifically include company secretary and

chief financial officer.

B. Remuneration Policy

Board Members

The overall limits of remuneration of the Board members

including Executive Board members (i.e.: Managing Director,

Whole-time Director, Executive Directors etc.) are governed by

the provisions of Section 197 of the Companies Act, 2013, rules

made thereunder and shall be approved by the shareholders

of the Company and shall be subject to availability of profits of

the Company.

Within the overall limit approved by the shareholders, on the

recommendation of the Committee, the Board shall determine

the remuneration. The Board can determine different

remuneration for different Directors on the basis of their role,

responsibilities, duties, time involvement etc.

Non-Executive Directors including Independent

Directors

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 197 of the Companies

Act, 2013, rules made thereunder and the shareholders’

approval, the Board has approved the following remuneration

for Non- Executive Directors (including Independent Directors):

i.

Commission on Net Profit (Calculated as per

Section 198 of the Companies Act, 2013)

Amount of Commission per annum:

Subject to availability of sufficient profits and within an

overall ceiling of 1% of the net profits for all non-executive

directors in the aggregate, the amount of commission

payable to:

A.

Non-Independent Non-executive directors:

USD 60,000 for directors not residing in India

H 3,000,000 for directors residing in India

B.

Independent non-executive directors:

USD 100,000 for directors not residing in India

H 5,000,000 for those residing in India

The Independent Directors shall also be entitled to

following additional commission:

i.

Audit Committee:

Managing Director,

Whole-Time Director, Executive Directors etc.)

The remuneration (including revision in the remuneration)

of Executive Board members shall be approved by the

Board on the basis of the recommendation of the HR and

Nomination Committee.

The remuneration payable to Executive Board members shall

consist of (a) Fixed Pay, which is payable monthly, and shall

include basic pay, contributions to retirement benefits, house

rent allowance or company-leased accommodation and

other allowances as per the Company’s policy (b) Variable

Pay (paid at the end of Financial Year) directly linked to the

performance of the individual employee (i.e. achievement

against predetermined KRAs), his / her respective Business

Unit and the overall Company’s performance (c) Long

term incentive / ESOPs as may be decided by the HR &

Nomination Committee from time to time.

Remuneration to Key Managerial Personnel (other

than: Managing

letter of even date which

is annexed as Annexure-A to this report and forms an

integral part of this report.

ii.

Due to restricted movement amid COVID-19 pandemic,

we conducted the secretarial audit by examining the

Secretarial Records including Minutes, Documents,

Registers and other records etc., and some of them

received by way of electronic mode from the Company

and could not be verified from the original records. The

management has confirmed that the records submitted

to us are the true and correct.

iii.

This Report is limited to the Statutory Compliances on

laws / regulations / guidelines listed in our report which

have been complied by the Company up to the date of

this Report pertaining to Financial Year 2019-2020. We

are not commenting on the Statutory Compliances whose

due dates are extended by Regulators from time to time

due to COVID-19 or still there is time line to comply with

such compliances:

Managing Director & CEO (India & South Asia)

(H Mn)

3. Average net profit before tax of the Company for last three financial years

(15,090)

4. Prescribed CSR Expenditure (2% of the amount as above)

Nil

5. Details of CSR spent during the year

a)

Total amount to be spent for the financial year

Nil

i)

Amount spent towards CSR activities

316.19

ii)

Amount spent towards other charitable activities

2.35

b)

Amount Unspent

N.A.

c)

Manner in which the amount spend during the financial year is detailed below:

*The Company has voluntarily contributed H 316.19 Mn. as CSR contribution of under Section 135 of Companies Act, 2013. In addition to the

above, the Company has also contributed H 2.35 Mn. to various other charitable institutions. The consolidated contribution of the Company

towards various CSR program during the financial year 2019-20 is H 318.54.:

Managing Director & CEO (India & South Asia)

Chairman, CSR Committee

DIN: 02291778

DIN: 00042494:

Managing Director & CEO

(India & South Asia)

5,22,664

0.01

18-Apr-2019

79,214

Share alloted

under ESOP

601,878

0.01

29-May-2019

170,881

Share alloted

under Rights Issue

772,559

0.01

25-Oct-2019

70,000

Share alloted

under ESOP

842,559

0.01

2

Mr. Badal Bagri,

CFO

10,531

0.00

28-May-2019

2,000

Market Sale

8,531

0.00

0.00

29-May-2019

2,986

Share alloted

under Rights Issue

11,517

0.00

0.00

03-Jun-2019

1,517

Market Sale

10,000

0.00

0.00

06-Aug-2019

5,000

Market Sale

5,000

0.00

0.00

20-Nov-2019

1,000

Market Sale

4,000

0.00

0.00

25-Nov-2019

1,000

Market Sale

3,000

0.00

0.00

03-Mar-2020

4,863

Share alloted

under ESOP

7,863

0.00

0.00

31-Mar-2020

1,863

Market Sale

6,000

0.00

3

Mr. Pankaj Tewari,

Company Secretary

Nil

0.00

23-Apr-2019

1,162

Share alloted

under ESOP

1,162

0.00

0.00

29-May-2019

329

Share alloted

under Rights Issue

1,491

0.00

Note: The details of shareholding are maintained by respective Depositories and it is not feasible to provide daily change in the shareholding of top ten

shareholders. Therefore, consolidated changes during the year 2019-20 has been provided.

(v) Shareholding of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel

Note: No other Director holds shares as on March 31, 2020:

Managing Director /

Whole-time Director / Manager

Total Amount

Mr. Sunil

Bharti Mittal,

Chairman

Mr. Gopal Vittal,: Managing

Managing Director / Whole-time Director /

Manager:

(H Mn)

Independent Directors

Fee for attending board

/ committee meetings

Commission

Total

Mr. Craig Ehrlich

0.60

-

0.60

Mr. D.K. Mittal

2.80

-

2.80

Mr. Manish Kejriwal

1.20

-

1.20

Mr. Shishir Priyadarshi

0.90

-

0.90

Mr. V.K. Viswanathan

1.20

-

1.20

Ms. Kimsuka Narasimhan

1.10

-

1.10

Total B1

7.80

-

7.80

Other Non-Executive Directors

Fee for attending board

/ committee meetings

Commission

Total

Mr. Rakesh Bharti Mittal

-

-

-

Ms. Chua Sock Koong

-

-

-

Ms. Tan Yong Choo

-

-

-

Total B2

-

-

-

TOTAL B = (B1+B2)

7.80

-

7.80

Ceiling as per the Act

N.A.

Total Managerial Remuneration (A+B)

504.09 Mn

Total ceiling as per the act (11%)

In view of inadequate profits as computed under Section 198 of the Companies

act, 2013, (“the Act”) no Commission is payable to Non-Executive Directors

(including Independent Directors) for the financial year 2019-20. The ceiling

limits for Executive Directors mentioned in (A) above are based on effective

capital as per Schedule V of the Act.

(H Mn)

S.

No.

Particulars of Remuneration

Key Managerial Personnel

Total

Amount

Mr. Badal Bagri

CFO

Mr. Pankaj Tewari

Company Secretary

1

Gross Salary

As per Sec 17(1) of Income Tax Act, 1961

25.38

11.22

36.60

Value of perks as per Sec 17(2) of Income Tax Act, 1961

1.24*

-

1.24

Profits in lieu of salary under section 17(3) Income Tax Act, 1961

-

-

-

2

Stock Options@

6.10*

0.40*

6.50

3

Sweat Equity

-

-

-

4

Commission

-

-

-

- as % of profit

-

-

-

- others, specify…

-

-

-

5

others - PF Contribution

1.43

0.58

2.01

TOTAL

34.15

12.20

46.35

Notes:

Value of Performance Linked Incentive (PLI) considered above represents incentive which will accrue at 100% performance level for FY 2019-20 and

will get paid basis actual performance parameters in the next financial year.

*

Value of perquisites u/s 17(2) Income Tax Act, 1961 does not include perquisite value of H 6.10 Mn. and H 0.40 Mn. towards stock options exercised

by Mr. Badal Bagri and Mr. Pankaj Twari respectively, during FY 2019-20. The same has been shown separately in point no. (2).

@

In accordance with the definition of perquisities under the Income Tax Act, 1961, the value of stock options only on those shares that have been

exercised during the period is provided. Accordingly, the value of stock options granted to KMPs during FY 2019-20 viz. 53,934 stock options to

Mr. Badal Bagri and 7,272 stock options to Mr. Pankaj Tewari, Company Secretary, is not included.

VII. Penalties / Punishment/ Compounding of Offences

There were no penalties / punishment / compounding of offences for breach of any section of Companies Act against the

Company or its Directors or other officers in default, if any during the year.:

Managing Director & CEO

(India & South Asia)

143,665,434*

5.97

204.51

Non-executive directors

3.

Mr. Rakesh Bharti Mittal

Nil

N.A.

N.A.

4.

Ms. Chua Sock Koong

Nil

N.A.

N.A.

5.

Ms. Tan Yong Choo

Nil

N.A.

N.A.

Independent Directors

6.

Mr. Craig Ehrlich

600,000

N.A.

0.85

7.

Mr. D.K. Mittal

2,800,000

N.A.

3.99

8.

Mr. Manish Kejriwal

1,200,000

N.A.

1.71

9.

Mr. Shishir Priyadarshi

900,000

N.A.

1.28

10. Mr. V.K. Viswanathan

1,200,000

N.A.

1.71

11. Ms. Kimsuka Narasimhan

1,100,000

N.A.

1.57

Key Managerial Personnel other than

Executive Directors

12. Mr. Badal Bagri, CFO (India & South Asia)

28,053,705#

0.98

39.93

13. Mr. Pankaj Tewari, Company Secretary

11,805,555^

15.89

16.81

Notes:

1. The value of performance linked incentive (PLI) in remuneration of Key Managerial Personnel (KMPs) represents incentive @ 100% performance

level. For effective comparison, the PLI component of their remuneration for FY 2018-19 has also been considered @ 100% performance level.

2. There has been no change in the remuneration of Sunil Bharti Mittal, Chairman since FY 2016-17; the insignificant change (in negative) since last

year reflecting above is due to change in the perquisite value.

3. Remuneration of Employees and KMPs does not include perquisite value of stock options exercised during the FY 2019-20.

4. In view of inadequate profits as computed under Section 198 of the Companies act, 2013, (‘the Act‘) for the financial year 2019-20, no commission

is paid / payable to Non-Executive (including Independent) Directors for the financial year 2019-20. Accordingly, the percentage increase in the

remuneration for financial year 2019-20 w.r.t. Non-Executive (including Independent) Directors is not given in the table above.

*

The remuneration of Mr. Gopal Vittal excludes perquisite value of H 51,292,580 towards exercise of stock options during FY 2019-20.

#

The Remuneration of Mr. Badal Bagri excludes perquisite value of H 6,099,065 towards exercise of stock options during FY 2019-20.

^

The Remuneration of Mr. Pankaj Tewari excludes perquisite value of H 397,055 towards exercise of stock options during FY 2019-20.:

Managing Director &

CEO is approved by the Board in the recommendation of HR and Nomination Committee and is within the limits approved by

the shareholders of the Company. The increase in the remuneration of KMPs also reflect the market practice.

v.

Affirmation that the remuneration is as per the remuneration policy of the Company: The remuneration of Directors

was as per the policy on nomination, remuneration and Board diversity of the Company.

For and on behalf of the Board

Sunil Bharti Mittal

Date: May 18, 2020

Chairman

Place: New Delhi

DIN: 00042491:

letter reference no. NHL/19-20/001

dated October 25, 2019.

2.

We, Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP, Chartered Accountants,

the Statutory Auditors of Bharti Airtel Limited (“the

Company”), have examined the compliance of conditions

of Corporate Governance by the Company, for the year

ended on March 31, 2020, as stipulated in regulations 17

to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of regulation 46(2) and para C

and D of Schedule V of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as amended

(SEBI Listing Regulations).

Managements’ Responsibility

3.

The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is

the responsibility of the Management. This responsibility

includes the design, implementation and maintenance of

internal control and procedures to ensure the compliance

with the conditions of the Corporate Governance

stipulated in Listing Regulations.

Auditor’s Responsibility

4.

Our responsibility is limited to examining the procedures

and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for

ensuring compliance with the conditions of the Corporate

Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of

opinion on the financial statements of the Company.

5.

We have examined the books of account and other

relevant records and documents maintained by the

Company for the purposes of providing reasonable

assurance on the compliance with Corporate Governance

requirements by the Company.

6.

We have carried out an examination of the relevant

records of the Company in accordance with the Guidance

Note on Certification of Corporate Governance issued by

the Institute of the Chartered Accountants of India (the

ICAI), the Standards on Auditing specified under Section

143(10) of the Companies Act 2013, in so far as applicable

for the purpose of this certificate and as per the Guidance

Note on Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes

issued by the ICAI which requires that we comply with the

ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the

ICAI.

7.

We have complied with the relevant applicable

requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1,

Quality Control for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews

of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance

and Related Services Engagements.

Opinion

8.

Based on our examination of the relevant records and

according to the information and explanations provided to

us and the representations provided by the Management,

we certify that the Company has complied with the

conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in

regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of regulation

46(2) and para C and D of Schedule V of the SEBI Listing

Regulations during the year ended March 31, 2020.

9.

We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as

to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or

effectiveness with which the Management has conducted

the affairs of the Company.

For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP

Chartered Accountants

(Firm‘s Registration No. 117366W / W-100018)

Nilesh H. Lahoti

New Delhi

Partner

May 18, 2020

Membership No: 130054:

letter and spirit.

High levels of disclosures to disseminate corporate,

ﬁnancial and operational information to all stakeholders.

Policies on tenure of Directors, rotation of Auditors and a

Code of Conduct for Directors and Senior Management.

Constitution of various Committees for Audit, HR and

Nomination, Corporate Social Responsibility, Employee

Stock Option Plans, Stakeholders’ Relationship, Risk

Management etc.

Complete and timely disclosure of relevant ﬁnancial and

operational information to enable the Board to play an

effective role in guiding strategies.

Meetings of Independent Directors without the presence

of any Non-Independent / Executive Directors and

members from the management to identify areas, where

they need more clarity or information and for open and

transparent discussions and placing the outcome of these

meetings before the Board and management.

Formal induction schedule and familiarisation programme

for new Board members that enable them to meet

individually with the top management team, customers etc.

Regularly review and established effective meeting

practices that encourage active participation and

contribution from all members.

Independence of Directors in reviewing and approving

corporate strategy, major business plans and activities.

Well-deﬁned corporate structure that establishes checks,

balances and delegate decision making to appropriate

levels in the organisation though the Board always

remains in effective control of affairs.

Corporate Governance Rating

CRISIL has assigned to Bharti Airtel its Governance and Value

Creation (GVC) rating, viz. CRISIL GVC Level 1 for Corporate

Governance practices. The rating indicates that Bharti Airtel’s

capability, with respect to Corporate Governance and value

creation for all its stakeholders, is the highest. The Company

is fully cognizant that standards are a constantly upwardly

moving target. Therefore, it always strives to benchmark itself

with the best companies in India and globally and to maintain

the highest ratings for its practices.:

Managing Director & CEO and other select senior

management personnel as its members. The key role and

responsibilities of the ACC are provided later in this report.

The: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

(India & South Asia), three Non-Executive Directors and six

Independent Directors including a woman independent

director. Independent Directors constitute ~ 55% of the Board’s

strength - more than the requirements of the Companies Act,

2013 and the Listing Regulations. The average tenure of

members on our Board is 9.23 years as on March 31, 2020.

Detailed proﬁle of each of the Directors is available on the

Company’s website at www.airtel.com in the ‘Investors’ section.

The Company’s Board members are from diverse backgrounds

with skills and experience in critical areas like technology, global

ﬁnance, telecommunication, entrepreneurship, administrative

services, consulting and general management. Many of them

have worked extensively in senior management positions in

global corporations, and others are business leaders of repute

with a deep understanding of the global business environment.

The Board reviews its strength and composition from time to

time to ensure that it remains aligned with the statutory, as

well as business requirements.

As per the Company’s Policy on Nomination, Remuneration

and Board Diversity, selection of a new Board member(s)

is the responsibility of the HR and Nomination Committee.

While evaluating a person for appointment/re-appointment

as director, the HR and Nomination Committee, in addition

to factors such as background, competency, skills, abilities,

educational

and

professional

background,

personal

accomplishment, age, relevant experience and understanding

of the telecommunication sector / industry, marketing,

technology, finance and other disciplines relevant to the

business, also endeavours to understand and embrace the

different geographies, gender, nationality and culture. The

appointment is subsequently approved by the Board. All

the appointments are made with unanimous approval. The

appointment of such Director is subsequently approved by the

shareholders at the Annual General Meeting (AGM). While the

shareholders’ representative Directors are proposed by the

respective shareholders, Independent Directors are selected

from diverse academic, professional or technical background

depending upon business needs.

Skill matrix of the Board

While all the Board members broadly possess the identified skills, their domain of core expertise is given below:

Skill and its description

Mr. Sunil Bharti

Mittal

Mr. Gopal

Vittal

Ms. Chua Sock

Koong

Mr. Rakesh

Bharti Mittal

Ms. Tan Yong

Choo

Mr. Craig

Ehrlich

Mr. D.K. Mittal

Ms. Kimsuka

Narasimhan

Mr. Manish

Kejriwal

Mr. Shishir

Priyadarshi

Mr. V. K.

Viswanathan

Strategic Leadership and management

experience:

Experience in guiding and leading

management teams, leading and managing

people, strategic planning, understanding

of organisational systems and processes

and appreciation of long-term trends/

choices.

√

√

√

√

√

√

√

√

√

√

√

Technology and digital expertise:

Background in technology and innovation,

anticipation of technological trends,

experience of creation of new business

ideas or models.

√

√

√

√

√

Industry and sector experience or

knowledge:

Knowledge and experience in telecom

sector to provide strategic guidance to the

management in fast changing environment.

√

√

√

√

√

√

√

√

√

√

√

Financial and Risk Management:

Wide-ranging financial skills, relevant

experience of accounting and reporting,

corporate finance and internal controls,

including assessing quality of financial

controls to identify the key risks to the

Company and monitor the effectiveness

of the risk management framework and

practices.

√

√

√

√

√

√

√

√

√

√

√:

letter inter-alia sets out the

roles, functions, duties and responsibilities, details regarding

remuneration, training and development and performance

evaluation process. The detailed terms and conditions of

the appointment of Independent Directors are available

on the Company’s website i.e. https://s3-ap-southeast-1.

amazonaws.com/bsy/iportal/images/Terms-and-conditions-

of-appointment-of-Independent-Director_71431EDE0A0988

5D5A367A04374E5FB5.pdf.

At the time of appointment and thereafter at the beginning of

each ﬁnancial year, the Independent Directors submit a self-

declaration, conﬁrming their independence and compliance

with various eligibility criteria laid down by the Company,

among other disclosures and the Company also ensures

that its Directors meet the above eligibility criteria. All such

declarations are placed before the Board for information.

In the opinion of the Board, the Independent Directors fulfil the

conditions specified in the Companies Act, 2013, rules made

thereunder and Listing Regulations and are independent of

the management.:

Managing Director & CEO (India and South Asia) are also

invited occasionally to these meetings to generally discuss

and update about strategic matters. The Lead Independent

Director updates the Audit Committee / the Board about the

outcome of the meetings and action, if any, required to be

taken by the Company.

During FY 2019-20, the Independent Directors met three times

i.e. on May 06, 2019, August 01, 2019 and February 04, 2020.

Familiarisation programme for Board members

The Company has adopted a well-structured two-day induction

programme for orientation and training of Directors at the time

of their joining so as to provide them with an opportunity to

familiarise themselves with the Company, its management, its

operations and the industry in which the Company operates.

The induction programme includes one-to-one interactive

sessions with the top management team, business and

functional heads among others, and also includes visit to

networks centre to understand the operations and technology.

Apart from the induction programme, the Company periodically

presents updates at the Board/Committee meetings to

familiarise the Directors with the Company’s strategy, business

performance, operations, product offerings, finance, risk

management framework, human resources and other related

matters. The Board members also visit Airtel outlets and

meet customers / other stakeholders for gaining first-hand

experience about the products and services of the Company.

The Board has an active communication channel with the

executive management, which enable Directors to raise

queries, seek clarifications for enabling a good understanding

of the Company and its various operations. Quarterly updates,

strategic updates and mid-quarter updates are regularly

circulated to the Directors to keep them abreast on significant

developments in the Company.

Detailed familiarisation programme for Directors is available

on the Company’s website at https://assets.airtel.in/teams/

simplycms/web/docs/Familiarization_Programme.pdf

Board Evaluation

One of the key functions of the Board is to monitor and review the

Board evaluation framework. In compliance with the provisions

of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Listing Regulations, the HR

and Nomination Committee has approved the process, format,

attributes and criteria for the performance evaluation of the

Board, Board Committees and Individual Directors including the

Chairman and MD & CEO (India and South Asia).

The process provides that the performance evaluation shall be

carried out on an annual basis. During the year, the Directors

completed the evaluation process, which included evaluation

of the Board as a whole, Board Committees and individual

Directors including the Chairman and the MD & CEO (India

and South Asia). The evaluation process was facilitated by an

independent consulting firm.

Performance of the Board and Board Committees was evaluated

on various parameters such as structure, composition, quality,

diversity, experience, competencies, performance of specific

duties and obligations, quality of decision-making and overall

Board effectiveness.

Performance of individual Directors was evaluated on

parameters, such as meeting attendance, participation and

contribution, engagement with colleagues on the Board,

responsibility

towards

stakeholders

and

independent

judgement. All the directors were subject to peer-evaluation.

The Chairman and the MD & CEO (India & South Asia) were

evaluated on certain additional parameters, such as performance

of the Company, leadership, relationships, communication,

recognition and awards received by the Company.

Some of the performance indicators based on which the

Independent Directors were evaluated include:

Devotion of sufficient time and attention towards

professional obligations for independent decision making

and for acting in the best interests of the Company.

Providing strategic guidance to the Company and help

determine important policies with a view to ensuring long-

term viability and strength.

Bringing external expertise and independent judgement

that contributes objectivity in the Board’s deliberations,

particularly on issues of strategy, performance and conflict

management.:

Managing Director & CEO (India & South Asia) who holds 842,559 equity shares, no other Director

of the Company holds shares in the Company.

Name of Director

Director

Identification

Number

Category

Name of the listed

entity where person

is director along with

category of directorship

Number of other directorships1

and committee2 memberships and

chairmanships

No. of

board

meetings

attended

(total held

during

tenure)

Whether

attended

last AGM

Directorships

Committees

Chairman

Member

Mr. Sunil Bharti Mittal

00042491

Executive

Chairman

Nil

14

Nil

Nil

6(7)

Yes

Mr. Gopal Vittal

02291778

Executive

Director

Nil

5

Nil

Nil

7(7)

Yes

Ms. Chua Sock Koong

00047851

Non-Executive

Director

Nil

1

Nil

Nil

7(7)

No

Mr. Rakesh Bharti

Mittal

00042494

Non-Executive

Director

Nil

17

Nil

Nil

7(7)

Yes

Ms. Tan Yong Choo

02910529

Non-Executive

Director

Nil

1

Nil

Nil

7(7)

No

Mr. Craig Ehrlich

02612082

Independent

Director

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

4(7)

No

Mr. D.K. Mittal

00040000

Independent

Director

1. Balrampur Chini Mills

Ltd – Independent

Director

2. Max Financial

Services Limited –

Independent Director

3. Max India Limited –

Independent Director

4. Trident Limited –

Independent Director

5. Max Ventures And

Industries Limited –

Independent Director

14

2

6

7(7)

No

Mr. Manish Kejriwal

00040055

Independent

Director

1. Bajaj Holdings &

Investment Limited

–Non-executive

Director

2. Bajaj Finserv Limited

– Non-executive

Director

4

Nil

4

5(7)

No

Mr. Shishir Priyadarshi

03459204

Independent

Director

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

6(7)

No

Mr. V. K. Viswanathan

01782934

Independent

Director

1. United Spirits Limited

– Independent

Director

2. KSB Limited –

Independent Director

3. Magma Fincorp

Limited –

Independent Director

4. ABB India Limited –

Independent Director

8

2

8

6(7)

Yes

5. HDFC Life Insurance

Company Limited –

Independent Director

Ms. Kimsuka

Narasimhan

02102783

Independent

Director

1. Astrazeneca Pharma

India Limited –

Independent Director

2

Nil

Nil

7(7)

No

Number of Board Meetings

During FY 2019-20, the Board met seven times i.e. on April 19, 2019, May 06, 2019, August 01, 2019, October 29, 2019, November

14, 2019, December 04, 2019 and February 04, 2020. Requisite information, according to the requirements of Regulation 34 of

the Listing Regulations is provided below::

Managing Director & CEO (India & South Asia), CFO

(India & South Asia), the Chief Internal Auditor, the Statutory

Auditors, Internal Auditor and Internal Assurance Partners are

permanent invitees.

The Chairman of the Committee was present at the last AGM,

held on August 14, 2019.

Key Responsibilities of the Audit Committee

Oversee the Company’s financial reporting process

and the disclosure of its financial information, to ensure

that the financial statements are correct, sufficient and

credible.

Consider and recommend to the Board, the appointment

(including filling of a casual vacancy), resignation or

dismissal, remuneration and terms of appointment

(including qualification and experience) of the Statutory

Auditor, Internal Auditors / Chief Internal Auditor, Cost

Auditor and Secretarial Auditor.

Prior approval of non-audit services that can be provided

by the Statutory Auditors and approval of payment of

such non-audit services.

Prior approval of all transactions with related party(ies),

subsequent modifications of transactions with related

parties and review of the statement of significant related

party transactions with specific details of the transactions.

Discussion with the Statutory Auditor before the

commencement of audit about the nature and scope of

the audit to be conducted and post-audit discussion to

ascertain any areas of concern.

To call for comments of the Auditors about internal control

system, including the observation of the Auditors, review

financial statement before their submission to the Board

and discussion on any related issues with the Internal and

Statutory Auditors and the management of the Company.

Review, with the Management, the quarterly financial

statements before submission to the Board for approval.

Review, with the Management, the annual financial

statements

and

Auditor’s

Report

thereon

before

submission to the Board for approval, with particular

reference to:

a)

Matters required to be included in the Directors’

responsibility statement, included in the Board’s

report in terms of clause (c) of sub-section 3 of

Section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013.

b)

Changes, if any, in accounting policies and practices

and reasons for the same.

c)

Major accounting entries involving estimates based

on the exercise of judgment by management.

d)

Significant adjustments made in the financial

statements arising out of audit findings.

e)

Compliance with listing and other legal requirements

relating to financial statement.

f)

Disclosure of all related party transactions.

g)

Modified opinion(s) in the draft audit report.

Review the following information:

a)

Management Discussion and Analysis of financial

condition and results of operations.

b)

Management: letter / letters of internal control

weaknesses issued by the Statutory Auditors.

c)

Internal Audit Reports relating to internal control

weaknesses.

d)

The financial statements, in particular the investments,

if any, made by unlisted subsidiary companies.

e)

Quarterly

compliance

certificates

confirming

compliance with laws and regulations, including any

exceptions to these compliances.

Oversee the functioning of the Vigil Mechanism / Whistle

Blower Mechanism.

Establish the systems for storage, retrieval and display of

books of accounts and other financial records in electronic

format.

Review the findings of any internal investigation by the

Internal Auditors into matters where there is suspected

fraud or irregularity, or a failure of internal control systems

of a material nature and reporting the matter to the Board.

Review the reasons for substantial defaults, if any, in

the payment to the depositors, debenture holders,

shareholders (in case of non-payment of declared

dividends) and creditors, if any.

Approve the appointment, re-appointment and removal

of Company’s Chief Financial Officer after assessing the

qualifications, experience and background, among others,

of the candidate.

Review the Company’s financial and risk management

policies, implementation of treasury policies, strategies

and status of investor relation activities.

Ensure that the internal audit function is effective,

adequately resourced, and to review coordination

between Internal and Statutory Auditors.

Review the state and adequacy of internal controls with

key members of the Management, Statutory Auditors and

Internal Auditors.

Managing Director or the Manager; ii) the

Company Secretary; iii) the Whole-time Director; iv) the Chief

Financial Officer.

**Senior Management’ means personnel of the Company who

are members of its core management team excluding Board

of Directors, comprising all members of the Management one

level below the chief executive officer/: managing director/

whole time director/ manager (including chief executive

officer/manager, in case they are not part of the board) and

shall specifically include company secretary and chief financial

officer.

Meetings, Attendance and Composition of HR and

Nomination Committee

During FY 2019-20, the Committee met four times i.e. May 06,

2019, August 01, 2019, October 29, 2019 and February 04,

2020.

The composition and the attendance of members at the

meetings held during FY 2019-20, are given below:

Name

Category

Number of meetings

attended (total held

during tenure)

Mr. D.K. Mittal,

letter or writing in connection with the

aforesaid activities, including borrowing / credit facilities,

creation of charge.

Allotment of Shares

Issue and allot shares of the Company in one or more

tranches as per the terms of the ESOP Schemes for the

time being in force or upon conversion of Foreign Currency

Convertible Bonds issued by the Company.

To seek listing of shares issued as above on one or more

Stock Exchanges in India and all such shares being pari-

passu with the existing equity shares of the Company in

all respects.

To do all such acts, deeds and things, as may be necessary

and incidental to allotment and listing of shares.

General Authorisations

To open, shift, merge, close any branch office, circle office.

To approve for participation into any tender, bid, auction

by the Company.

To register the Company with any Central / State

Government authorities, Semi-Government authorities,

local authorities, tax authorities including sales tax, service

tax, value added tax authorities, labour law authorities,

administrative authorities, business associations and

other bodies.

To purchase, sell, take on lease / license, transfer or

otherwise deal with any property.

To apply for and surrender any electricity, power or water

connection.

To appoint any Merchant Banker, Chartered Accountant,

Advocate, Company Secretary, Engineer, Technician,

Consultants and / or Professionals for undertaking any

assignment for and on behalf of the Company.

To constitute, reconstitute, modify, dissolve any trust or

association with regard to the administrative matters

or employee related matters and to appoint, reappoint,

remove, replace the trustees or representatives.

To authorise one or more employee(s), officer(s),

representative(s),

consultant(s),

professional(s),

or

agent(s) jointly or severally to:

represent the Company before Central Government,

State Governments, Judicial, Quasi-judicial and other

statutory / administrative authorities or any other

entity.

negotiate, ﬁnalise, execute, modify, sign, accept,

and withdraw all deed, agreements, undertakings,

certiﬁcates, applications, conﬁrmations, affidavits,

indemnity bonds, surety bonds, and all other

documents and papers.

affix common seal of the Company.

enter into, sign, execute and deliver all contracts for

and on behalf of the Company.

To do all such acts, deeds and things as may be required

for the smooth conduct of the operations of the Company

and which does not require the speciﬁc approval of the

Board of the Company or which has speciﬁcally been

delegated by the Board to any other Committee of the

Board or any officer, employee or agent of the Company.

To perform such other functions as may be authorised /

delegated by the Board or as might have been authorised

/ delegated to the erstwhile Borrowing Committee,

Investment Committee, Committee of Director or the

Allotment Committee.

To authorise / delegate any or all of its power to any

person, officer, representative.

Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)

Committee

In compliance with the requirements of the Companies Act,

2013, the Company has constituted the Corporate Social

Responsibility Committee. The Committee evaluates and

recommend the CSR proposals to the Board for approval.

The Committee comprises three members including one

Independent Director. Mr. Rakesh Bharti Mittal, Non-Executive

Director, is the Chairman of the Committee. The Company

Secretary acts as a secretary to the Committee.

Key Responsibilities of the CSR Committee

Formulate, monitor and recommend to the Board CSR

Policy and the activities to be undertaken by the Company.

Recommend the amount of expenditure to be incurred

on the activities undertaken. Review the Company’s

performance in the area of CSR.

Evaluate social impact of the Company’s CSR activities.

Review the Company’s disclosure of CSR matters

including any annual social responsibility report.

Review the following, with the Management, before

submission to the Board for approval

The Business Responsibility (BR) Report

CSR Report

Annual Sustainability Report

Formulate and implement the BR policies in consultation

with the respective stakeholders.:

Letter of

Offer and other related matters. The Committee meets as and

when necessary.

The Committee comprises four members including one

independent director. Mr. Rakesh Bharti Mittal, Non-Executive

Director is the Chairman of the Committee. The Company

Secretary/ Deputy Company Secretary acts as a Secretary to

the Committee.:

Managing Director & CEO and other select

senior management personnel as its members.

Key Responsibilities of the ACC Committee

Strategic Management and supervision of Company’s

business; CEO Board Report.

Formulation of Company’s annual business plan including

objectives and strategies, capex, and investments.

Approval of the variation in the Approved Annual

Operating Plan upto 5% negative deviation.

Formulation of organisation policies, systems and

processes, concerning the Company’s operations.

Review and recommend for approval of all items /

proposals relating to restructuring, new line of business,

investments, General Reserved Matters (as referred in

Article 125 (ii) of Articles of Association of the Company)

and other matters, which require the Board’s approval

in relation to the Company and its subsidiaries in India,

Africa and SA, as a shareholder.

Acquisition, disposal, transfer of any immovable property

of value exceeding any amount in excess of the duly

approved respective DoA’s.

Formation, modiﬁcation, withdrawal, implementation

of systems, policies, control manuals and other

policy frameworks for operational efficiency and risk

management. The Committee to agree in advance the

specific key operational efficiency / risk management

matters that business must present at each meeting.

Approval for contribution to any political party / political

trust within the overall limit set by the Board.

Business Development transaction related updates/next

steps.

Financial Restructuring / Treasury Strategy.

Review

and

approval

of

all

strategic

consulting

assignments.

Change of Company’s brand name, logo, and trade mark.

All brand launches (new or rebranding to be presented to

ACC, prior to formally committing material expenditure).

Powers of ACC in respect of the Subsidiaries and

their step down Subsidiaries (Other than listed

subsidiaries)

Formulation of business plan, including any strategic

initiative,

investments,

capex,

borrowing

including

reﬁnancing and extension, among others.

Nomination of the respective subsidiaries nominee on

Board of other companies.

Entry into / exit from business / major business activities,

in any manner whatsoever, including purchase, sale, lease,

franchise, among others.

With respect to overseas subsidiaries and their step down

subsidiaries, the power of ACC is confined to performing key

shareholder functions.

Other Committees of the Board

Apart from the Committees aforesaid, the Company had, in the

past, formed Special Committees viz. for Monetization of stake

in Bharti Infratel Limited and Restructuring of overseas holding

structure.

During the year, no meeting of these Committees were

convened.:

Managing Director & CEO (India and South Asia)

for the period April 01, 2019 to March 31, 2022

2017-18

Air Force

Auditorium,

Subroto Park,

New Delhi –

110010, India

August 08, 2018

1530 Hrs. (IST)

1. Re-appointment of Mr. Craig Edward Ehrlich as an

Independent Director

2. Alteration of the Articles of Association of the

Company

2016-17

Air Force

Auditorium,

Subroto Park,

New Delhi –

110010, India

July 24, 2017

1530 Hrs. (IST)

1. Re-appointment of Mr. Manish Kejriwal as an

Independent Director

2. Amendment in the Employee Stock Option

Scheme 2005 of the Company

General Body Meetings

The details of last three Annual General Meetings (AGMs) are as follows:

Extra-ordinary General Meeting

During the year, an Extraordinary General Meeting of the

members of the Company was convened on Friday, January

03, 2020 at 03:30 p.m. (IST) to inter-alia consider and approve

(i) Issuance of securities for amount up to and not exceeding

USD 2 Bn or its equivalent in Indian rupees or in any other

currency(ies); and (ii) Issue of Foreign Currency Convertible

Bonds and unsecured/ secured redeemable Non-Convertible

Debentures along with or without warrants.

Postal Ballot

During the financial year 2019-20, no approval of shareholders

was taken through Postal Ballot. Currently there is no proposal

for passing any other special resolution through Postal Ballot.

However, if required, the same shall be passed in compliance of

provisions of Companies Act, 2013, Listing Regulations or any

other applicable laws.

Code of Conduct

In compliance with Regulation 17 of the Listing Regulations

and the Companies Act, 2013, the Company has framed

and adopted a Code of Conduct for all Directors and Senior

Management personnel. The code is available on the

Company’s website www.airtel.com. The Code is applicable

to all Board members and Senior Management personnel

who directly report to the Chairman, the: Managing

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer of the

Company are held by separate individuals.

(iv) Reporting of Internal Auditor / Internal

Assurance Partners

The Internal Auditor / Internal Assurance Partners directly

reports to the Audit Committee.

Green Initiatives by MCA

In compliance with the provisions of Section 20 of the

Companies Act, 2013 and as a continuing endeavour towards

the ‘Go Green’ initiative, the Company proposes to send all

correspondence / communications through email to those

shareholders who have registered their email id with their

depository participant’s / Company’s registrar and share

transfer agent.

Status of Dividend Declared

Status of the dividend declared by the Company for the last seven years is as under.:

Managing Director & CEO (India & South Asia)

We, Gopal Vittal,: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No: 38320

DIN: 00042491

(India and South Asia)

Place : London, England

DIN: 02291778

Place : Bengaluru, India

Badal Bagri

Pankaj Tewari

Place: Mumbai

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Date: May 18, 2020

Place : Gurugram, India

Place : Gurugram, India

#Refer note 4(vii):

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No: 38320

DIN: 00042491

(India and South Asia)

Place : London, England

DIN: 02291778

Place : Bengaluru, India

Badal Bagri

Pankaj Tewari

Place: Mumbai

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Date: May 18, 2020

Place : Gurugram, India

Place : Gurugram, India

(All amounts are in millions of Indian Rupee; except per share data)

Notes

For the year ended

March 31, 2020

For the year ended

March 31, 2019#

Income

Revenue from operations

23

543,171

496,060

Other income

3,132

2,518

546,303

498,578

Expenses

Network operating expenses

24

136,419

161,949

Access charges

90,767

81,739

License fee / Spectrum charges

52,397

49,526

Employee benefits expense

25

15,202

14,710

Sales and marketing expenses

26

18,180

25,966

Other expenses

27

27,614

37,414

340,579

371,304

Profit from operating activities before depreciation,

amortisation and exceptional items

205,724

127,274

Depreciation and amortisation expense

28

203,921

151,202

Finance costs

29

114,631

78,477

Finance income

29

(19,293)

(23,809)

Non-operating expense

1,256

1,892

Loss before exceptional items and tax

(94,791)

(80,488)

Exceptional items (net)

30

415,418

(28,049)

Loss before tax

(510,209)

(52,439)

Tax (credit) / expense

Current tax

11

-

15

Deferred tax

11

(149,327)

(33,762)

Loss for the year

(360,882)

(18,692)

Other comprehensive income

Items not to be reclassified to profit or loss:

- Re-measurement (loss) / gains on defined benefit plans

25

(108)

148

- Tax credit / (charge)

11

38

(52)

Other comprehensive (loss) / income for the year

(70)

96

Total comprehensive loss for the year

(360,952)

(18,596)

(Loss) / earnings per share (Face value: J 5 each)

Basic and diluted (loss) / earnings per share*

31

(71.08)

(4.36)

# Refer note 4 (vii)

*Basic and diluted (loss) / earnings per share for the previous year have been adjusted retrospectively for the bonus element in respect of rights issue made

during the year ended March 31, 2020.:

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No: 38320

DIN: 00042491

(India and South Asia)

Place : London, England

DIN: 02291778

Place : Bengaluru, India

Badal Bagri

Pankaj Tewari

Place: Mumbai

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Date: May 18, 2020

Place : Gurugram, India

Place : Gurugram, India:

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No: 38320

DIN: 00042491

(India and South Asia)

Place : London, England

DIN: 02291778

Place : Bengaluru, India

Badal Bagri

Pankaj Tewari

Place: Mumbai

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Date: May 18, 2020

Place : Gurugram, India

Place : Gurugram, India

# Refer note 4 (vii)

*Cash flows towards spectrum acquisitions are based on the timing of payouts to DoT (viz. upfront / deferred):

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No: 38320

(India and South Asia)

DIN: 00042491

DIN: 02291778

Place: London, England

Place: Bengaluru, India

Badal Bagri

Pankaj Tewari

Place: Mumbai, India

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Date: May 18, 2020

Place: Gurugram, India

Place: Gurugram, India:

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No: 38320

(India and South Asia)

DIN: 00042491

DIN: 02291778

Place: London, England

Place: Bengaluru, India

Badal Bagri

Pankaj Tewari

Place: Mumbai, India

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Date: May 18, 2020

Place: Gurugram, India

Place: Gurugram, India

(All amounts are in millions of Indian Rupee; except per share data)

Notes

For the year ended

March 31, 2020

For the year ended

March 31, 2019

Income

Revenue from operations

24

875,390

807,802

Other income

3,248

3,463

878,638

811,265

Expenses

Network operating expenses

25

197,685

225,132

Access charges

107,395

93,521

License fee / Spectrum charges

72,561

69,426

Employee benefits expense

26

38,072

37,975

Sales and marketing expenses

27

34,325

41,568

Other expenses

29

59,257

82,542

509,295

550,164

Profit from operating activities before depreciation, amortisation and

exceptional items

369,343

261,101

Depreciation and amortisation expense

28

276,896

213,475

Finance costs

30

139,918

106,222

Finance income

30

(16,098)

(10,328)

Non-operating expenses (net)

1,272

1,894

Share of profit of associates and joint ventures (net)

7

(6,524)

(3,556)

Loss before exceptional items and tax

(26,121)

(46,606)

Exceptional items (net)

31

402,344

(29,288)

Loss before tax

(428,465)

(17,318)

Tax expense / (credit)

Current tax

13

23,738

19,391

Deferred tax

13

(145,561)

(53,584)

(Loss) / profit for the year

(306,642)

16,875

Other comprehensive income (‘OCI’)

Items to be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss :

Net gains / (losses) due to foreign currency translation differences

4,814

(15,739)

Net losses on net investment hedge

(10,856)

(1,754)

Net losses on cash flow hedge

(109)

(833)

Net losses on fair value through OCI investments

(108)

(45)

Tax credit on above

13

2,883

5,428

(3,376)

(12,943)

Items not to be reclassified to profit or loss :

Re-measurement (losses) / gains on defined benefit plans

26.2

(76)

47

Tax charge on above

13

(41)

(62)

Share of OCI of associates and joint ventures

7

15

(12)

(102)

(27)

Other comprehensive loss for the year

(3,478)

(12,970)

Total comprehensive (loss) / income for the year

(310,120)

3,905

(Loss) / income for the year attributable to :

(306,642)

16,875

Owners of the Parent

(321,832)

4,095

Non-controlling interests

15,190

12,780

Other comprehensive loss for the year attributable to :

(3,478)

(12,970)

Owners of the Parent

(11,748)

(10,216)

Non-controlling interests

8,270

(2,754)

Total comprehensive (loss) / income for the year attributable to :

(310,120)

3,905

Owners of the Parent

(333,580)

(6,121)

Non-controlling interests

23,460

10,026

(Loss) / earnings per share (Face value: J 5/- each)*

Basic

32

(63.41)

0.96

Diluted

32

(63.41)

0.96

*Basic and diluted (loss) / earnings per share for the previous year has been adjusted retrospectively for the bonus element in respect of rights issue made

during the year ended March 31, 2020.:

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No: 38320

(India and South Asia)

DIN: 00042491

DIN: 02291778

Place: London, England

Place: Bengaluru, India

Badal Bagri

Pankaj Tewari

Place: Mumbai, India

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Date: May 18, 2020

Place: Gurugram, India

Place: Gurugram, India:

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No: 38320

(India and South Asia)

DIN: 00042491

DIN: 02291778

Place: London, England

Place: Bengaluru, India

Badal Bagri

Pankaj Tewari

Place: Mumbai, India

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Date: May 18, 2020

Place: Gurugram, India

Place: Gurugram, India:

