Managing Director, Mr. Sanjeev Kumar – Joint: Managing Director and

Mr. Pankaj Dhawan – Company Secretary of the Company be and are

hereby severally authorised to execute all the documents and to do all

such acts and deeds as may be necessary to give effect to this resolution.”

Item No. 6– To consider and approve continuation of

payment of managerial remuneration to Mr. Ajay Bijli,

Managing Director and

Managing Director of the

Company and if thought fit, to pass, the following

resolution as a Special Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 196, 197

and 198 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act,

2013 (“Act”) (including any amendment, modification or re-enactment

thereof), the rules, regulations, directions, and notifications issued/ framed

thereunder and Schedule V thereto, read with Regulation 17(6)(e) of the

SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 (including any amendment, modification or re-enactment thereof),

the Articles of Association of the Company, and all applicable guidelines

and circulars issued by the Central Government from time to time and basis

the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee at

its meeting held on June 5, 2020, and approval by the Board of Directors

of the Company at its meeting held on June 8, 2020, consent of the

members be and is hereby accorded to pay managerial remuneration

(comprising fixed component plus commission) to Mr. Sanjeev Kumar,

Joint: Managing

letter for the appointment of Ms. Pallavi Shardul

Shroff as Independent Director setting out the terms and conditions is

available for inspection as per the details given in the Notes forming part

of this Notice.

The Board recommends the ordinary resolution as set out at Item No.3

for your approval.

Ms. Pallavi Shardul Shroff is interested in this resolution to the extent of

her appointment as an Independent Director of the Company. No other

Director of the Company, Key Managerial Personnel or their relatives is

in any way concerned or interested in the proposed resolution.

ITEM No. 4

Mr. Anish Kumar Saraf was appointed by the Board of Directors of

the Company (“Board”), on recommendation of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee of the Company, as an Additional Director on

the Board effective from June 8, 2020 and holds office up to the date

of ensuing 25th Annual General Meeting. The Company has received

a Notice under Section 160 of the Companies Act 2013 (“the Act”)

from a shareholder proposing the name of Mr. Anish Kumar Saraf for

his appointment as a Director on the Board of the Company, liable to

retire by rotation.

The Company has received from Mr. Anish Kumar Saraf (i) consent in

writing to act as Director in Form DIR-2 pursuant to Rule 8 of Companies

(Appointment & Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014; and (ii) intimation

in Form DIR-8 in terms of Companies (Appointment & Qualification of

Directors) Rules, 2014 to the effect that he is not disqualified under sub

section (2) of the Section 164 of the Act.

Anish Saraf is based in Mumbai, joined Warburg Pincus in 2006 and has

since been working with the Firm’s Indian affiliate. He is involved in the

Firm’s investment advisory activities in India and evaluates opportunities

in Real Estate, Industrial and Consumer sectors in India. He is managing

director of Warburg Pincus India Private Limited. Prior to joining Warburg

Pincus, Mr. Saraf started his own mild steel manufacturing business.

He is a Director of Kalyan Jewelers India Limited, PRL Developers Private

Limited, BIBA Apparels Private Limited, Hamstede Living Private Limited

and R. Retail Ventures Private Limited. Mr. Saraf holds a Chartered

Accountancy degree from the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India

and an M.B.A. from the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad.

The Board recommends the ordinary resolution as set out at Item No.4

for your approval.

Mr. Anish Kumar Saraf is interested in this resolution to the extent of

his appointment as a Director of the Company. No other Director

of the Company, Key Managerial Personnel or their relatives is in any

way concerned or interested in the proposed resolution.

ITEM NO. 5

The Board of Directors of the Company (“Board”) had re-appointed

Mr. Sanjai Vohra as an Independent Director for a term of five consecutive

years, which was approved by the Members of the Company at the 24th

Annual General Meeting, held on July 25, 2019.

As per Regulation 17(6)(ca) of Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015,

(“SEBI (LODR) Regulations”), with effect from April 1, 2019, the

approval of Members by way of special resolution is required to be

obtained every year, in case the amount of remuneration payable to a

single non - executive director exceeds fifty per cent of the total annual

remuneration payable to all non-executive directors.

The Board has approved payment of Remuneration of ` 24,00,000/-

(Rupees Twenty Four Lakh) to Mr. Sanjai Vohra, a Non-Executive

Independent Director, for the Financial Year 2019-20, out of

the total remuneration of ` 44.50 Lakh payable/ paid to all the

Non-Executive Directors of the Company, out of @1% of net profits

of the Company for the Financial Year 2019-20 computed under Section

198 of the Companies Act, 2013.

Mr. Sanjai Vohra is the Chairman of the Audit Committee and

Nomination & Remuneration Committee. Mr. Vohra is also a member

of CSR Committee, Risk Management Committee as well as Finance

Committee of the Company. Being the Chairman of the Audit

Committee, the duties and responsibilities of Mr. Vohra have increased

manifold. Since the amount of remuneration of ` 24 Lakh payable to

Mr. Sanjai Vohra for the Financial Year 2019-20 will exceed fifty per

cent of the aggregate remuneration payable to all the Non-Executive

Directors of the Company put together therefore it is imperative to seek

members approval by way of special resolution.

The approval of the Members is being taken to ensure compliance with

Regulation 17(6) (ca) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations.

Accordingly, the approval of the Members of the Company is sought by

way of special resolution in terms of Regulation 17(6) (ca) for payment

made of the aforesaid remuneration to Mr. Sanjai Vohra in his capacity

as the Non-Executive Independent Director of the Company.

The Board recommends the special resolution as set out at Item No.

5 for your approval.

Mr. Sanjai Vohra is concerned or interested in the resolution to the extent

of his annual remuneration. No other Director of the Company, Key

Managerial Personnel or their relatives, is in any way concerned or

interested in the proposed resolution.

8:

Managing Director of the Company, comprising annual fixed salary of

` 3,79,99,200 plus variable remuneration by way of commission @ 2.10

% of net profits of the Company payable annually (with an increment @

8% per annum of fixed remuneration) from financial year 2018-19 up to

expiry of his term in financial year 2022-23.

Subsequently, in terms of Regulation 17(6)(e) of the SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), 2015 (“SEBI LODR”) as

amended by SEBI (LODR) (Amendment) Regulations 2018, effective from

April 1, 2019, the fees or compensation payable to executive directors

who are promoters or members of the promoter group, is subject to the

approval of the members by special resolution in a general meeting, if

(i) the annual remuneration payable to a promoter executive director

exceeds ` 5 crore or 2.5 % of the net profits of the listed entity, whichever

is higher; or (ii) where there is more than one such director, the aggregate

annual remuneration to such promoter executive directors exceeds 5% of

the net profits of the listed entity. Such approval is valid till the expiry of

the respective terms of the directors.

At present, Mr. Ajay Bijli and Mr. Sanjeev Kumar are the two promoter

executive directors on the Board, and the aggregate annual remuneration

payable to Mr. Ajay Bijli and Mr. Sanjeev Kumar for the financial year

2019-20 exceeds 5% of the net profits of the Company, and the aggregate

annual remuneration payable to Mr. Ajay Bijli and Mr. Sanjeev Kumar

each year for their remaining tenure i.e. up till March 31, 2023 may

exceed 5% of the net profits of the Company, and therefore, pursuant

to the aforementioned amendment of the SEBI LODR which came into

effect after the approval of the shareholders for remuneration payable

to Mr. Ajay Bijli and Mr. Sanjeev Kumar was obtained on July 3, 2018,

a special resolution of the shareholders is required to continue to pay the

originally agreed remuneration to Mr. Ajay Bijli and Mr. Sanjeev Kumar.

Hence, pursuant to the change in law due to the amendment to SEBI

LODR and basis the recommendation made by the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee in its meeting held on June 5, 2020 and

approval of the Board in its meeting held on June 8, 2020, approval of the

shareholders of the Company by way of a special resolution is required

to pay managerial remuneration (i.e. fixed component plus commission)

to Mr. Ajay Bijli and Mr. Sanjeev Kumar for each of the financial years

from 2019-20 and onwards until the expiry of their respective tenure on

March 31, 2023, on the following terms and conditions as were originally

approved by the shareholders vide resolution dated July 3, 2018:

I.

Mr. Ajay Bijli - Chairman and: Managing Director

A.

Remuneration:

Fixed Remuneration

Basic Salary

` 30,76,000/- per month

House Rent Allowance or Expenses

of Leased Furnished/ Unfurnished

Accommodation

` 15,07,300/- per month

Total

` 45,83,300 per month

There shall be an increment of 8% per annum of fixed remuneration

from financial year 2019-20 to financial year 2022-23.

Variable Remuneration

Commission: Equivalent to 3.90% of the net profits

of the Company payable annually.

Provided that the overall remuneration (comprising of fixed

remuneration and commission) shall not exceed 5% of

the net profits of the Company computed under Section

198 of the Act.

B.

Perquisites in addition to the above

(i)

Company’s contribution towards provident fund and

superannuation fund as per the rules of the Company;

(ii)

Gratuity- As per the rules of the Company; and

(iii) Two cars- provision of chauffer driven cars for the

business of the Company.

C

Minimum Remuneration

Where in any financial year during the currency of the

tenure of Mr. Ajay Bijli as

Managing Director, he manages the cinema

acquisition and distribution business for the brand. Sanjeev oversees

the programming activities of the Company, constant endeavors with

Hollywood studios, film distribution, content selection, development

& growth strategy, new business opportunities including digital &

franchise opportunities, operations and marketing. His experience of

over 20 years in the cinema exhibition stretches the full spectrum of the

Company’s business, propelling PVR to greater heights and redefining

the movie watching experience in India, serving approx. 100 million

patrons annually.

The overall credit for the success and achievements of the Company for

the past several years goes to Mr. Ajay Bijli and Mr. Sanjeev Kumar,

as under their guidance and dynamic leadership, the Company has

witnessed phenomenal growth both organically and inorganically.

Therefore, it is imperative to continue availing their valuable services and

leadership particularly in the current COVID-19 pandemic impacted

environment to ensure smooth operations and growth of the Company.

The remuneration payable to Mr. Ajay Bijli and Mr. Sanjeev Kumar

is commensurate with the substantial increase in the responsibilities

they have been entrusted with in relation to managing the affairs

of the Company over the past few years.

In light of the aforementioned facts, approval of the members is sought

by way of a special resolution to pay such amounts of managerial

remuneration (i.e. fixed component plus commission) to Mr. Ajay Bijli and

Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, as per the terms and conditions originally approved

by the shareholders on July 3, 2018, for the financial year 2019-2020

and onwards until the expiry of their tenure, as determined basis

computation of net profits under Section 198 of the Act by disregarding

the impact of Ind AS 116 for determination of the remuneration and

limits thereof.

The amount of managerial remuneration, computed by disregarding the

impact of Ind AS 116, payable to Mr. Ajay Bijli for the financial year

2019-20 is in excess by ` 6,81,64,761 upon comparison with the

managerial remuneration payable to him by taking into account the

impact of Ind AS 116. The amount of managerial remuneration, computed

by disregarding the impact of Ind AS 116, payable to Mr. Sanjeev Kumar

for the financial year 2019-20 is in excess by ` 3,00,01,298 upon

comparison with managerial remuneration payable to him by taking into

account the impact of Ind AS 116.

None of the Directors (except Mr. Ajay Bijli and Mr. Sanjeev Kumar), any

other Key Managerial Person(s) of the Company or their relatives are, in

any way, concerned or interested in the passing of these resolutions.

The Board recommends the special resolutions as set out at Item Nos.

8 and 9 for your approval.

By order of the Board

For PVR Limited

Place: Gurugram

Pankaj Dhawan

Date: August 24, 2020

Company Secretary

11:

Managing Director

and liable to retire by rotation as

Executive Director

Appointed for a period of 5 years,

effective October 22, 2019

Liable to retire by rotation

Details of remuneration and

remuneration last drawn

As per the details given in the Report on

Corporate Governance, forming part of

the Annual Report for the Financial Year

2019-20

Ms. Pallavi Shardul Shroff has not

drawn any remuneration during the

Financial Year 2019-20.

Not Applicable

Directorship held in other

companies (excluding foreign

companies)

1.

PVR Pictures Limited,

2.

Priya Exhibitors Private Limited,

and

3.

Kriros Private Limited.

1.

InterGlobe Aviation Limited;

2.

Apollo Tyres Limited;

3.

Trident Limited;

4.

One 97 Communications Limited;

5.

Asian Paints Limited;

6.

First Commercial Services India

Private Limited;

7.

Amarchand Towers Property

Holdings Private Limited;

8.

Baghbaan Properties Private

Limited;

9.

PSNSS Properties Private Limited;

10. Juniper Hotels Private Limited;

11. Aavanti Realty Private Limited;

12. First Full Services Private Limited;

13. First Universal Virtual International

Arbitration Centre Private Limited;

14. UVAC Centre (India) Private

Limited; and

15. Amarchand Mangaldas Properties

Private Limited

1.

Warburg Pincus India Private

Limited;

2.

Kalyan Jewellers India Limited;

3.

PRL Developers Private Limited;

4.

Hamstede Living Private Limited;

5.

R Retail Ventures Private Limited;

and

6.

Biba Apparels Private Limited

12:

Managing Director

Sanjeev Kumar

Joint: Managing

Dear Shareholders,

These are extraordinary times.

Our hearts go out to everyone affected by

COVID-19. We are immensely grateful to the

first responders and medical professionals, who

continue to risk their lives every day to keep us

safe. They are the true heroes of this crisis, and

their valiant actions are an inspiration to us all.

As always, our first responsibility during these

uncertain times is the health and safety of our

employees and their families. We are in constant

touch with all our employees and continue to

reassure them that every one of us will overcome

this together as one strong family. In addition to

its everlasting impact on human life, COVID-19

has created a tidal wave of disruption which has

affected nearly every business, in every country

around the world.

What a year 2019-20 turned out to be!

Till the beginning of March 2020, it was truly a

blockbuster year as, on one side, we crossed

the barrier of serving over 10 Crore patrons

within our circuit, however in the last 20 days

of the year, we were the most affected by the

establishing the fact that high footfalls are not

only restricted to few blockbusters, but they are a

year-round perennial occurrence.

Our loyalty programme, PVR Privilege, the

first-ever in the multiplex industry, had a stellar

year with an accrual over 1 Crore members, a

growth of 3X. It was awarded the ‘Best Loyalty

programme in the service sector’ at the Customer

Fest show India. Post re-opening, our focus

would be to promote the right reward to the right

customer, at the right time, with new features

in the programme, new product launches and

partner integration, and outright exclusive deals

for our members.

To celebrate our audience for over two decades,

we decided to launch a brand film across

traditional, digital and social media, a first for a

movie exhibitor in India, ‘Every Seat has a story’.

The film with an affable tagline celebrates the

stories of the patrons, sharing a million emotions

from inside the cinema theatres. We wanted to

reiterate our focus on the consumer and their

experiences and it is they who drive us, guide

and encourage us, to do better and push the

envelope, and explore new things.

In line with being the pioneers of providing

world-class entertainment, we introduced a new

premium format PVR SAPPHIRE this year, and

re-christened our PVR GOLD CLASS to PVR LUXE

while enhancing the existing product and service.

PVR SAPPHIRE can be best described as an

experience that serves as a bridge to luxury.

The in-audi experience consists of only prime

chairs and recliners, with the most advanced

theatrical technologies along with modern

age F&B menu offerings like Bento & Bowl; a

dedicated box-office and personalised hospitality

services, on request. The 4 screens of the format

was launched in a six-screen multiplex in PVR

Pacific Dwarka, New Delhi.

PVR GOLD CLASS, now to be known as

PVR LUXE, will be the epitome of luxury, the

best-in-class offering with a futuristic design

concept, also with the offering of a curated menu

of par excellence Japanese, Italian, Chinese and

others, to heighten the cinema viewing experience.

PVR LUXE was first introduced in PVR Phoenix

Mall at Lower Parel in Mumbai. Post renovation,

our PVR Phoenix property has become the talking

point in the social and financial circuit in the city.

PVR entered an esteemed list of only a handful

of global multiplex players, with the introduction

of IMAX with LASER, at two of our sites and a

plan to double the count in the coming years.

The IMAX with LASER experience is set apart by

its next-generation 4K laser projection system,

which features a new optical engine and a suite

of proprietary IMAX technologies that deliver

increased resolution, sharper and brighter images,

deeper contrast as well as the most distinct, exotic

colors ever available on-screen.

We entered into a partnership with D-BOX to

set up 5 screens with the D-BOX motion based

seat technology. The seats move in sync with the

film, and this shall help us foray into converting

Bollywood movies into the extra dimension of

motion sensor based experience.

COVID-19 pandemic. Our industry has been

hit severely, and was the very first industry to

close down in order to safeguard its patrons and

employees. Having said that, our belief in our

proposition has been rock solid and the pandemic

has not dampened our spirits. Although we

wait for the situation to improve, we are most

certain that once we re-open we would continue

to enjoy the same love and affection from our

millions of consumers.

The current situation brings with it a sense of

déjà vu as well, as earlier, we were written off

by many, be it at the time of introduction of cable

TV, the rise of video-on-demand and DVDs, the

T-20 cricket phenomenon or even the advent of

OTT. Over the years, cinema as an entertainment

category and the brand PVR, both have, stayed

relevant. We have stood strong and emerged as a

winner in each of the occasions. PVR has always

led the change and managed to transcend movie

viewing to a holistic out-of-home entertainment

experience. When asked in what business we

are in, our reply has always been that we are in

the business of ‘bringing smiles’. We have always

benchmarked ourselves among the very best in

the Out of Home entertainment industry and will

continue to create new standards.

We became one of the first multiplexes in the

world to convert to ‘ALL LASER RGB’ projectors

(true Laser projectors) for our screens. This is a yet

another addition in our attempt to provide the best

out-of-home entertainment.

Our investments in digital and omni-channel

technologies have led us to build deeper customer

engagements and differentiate ourselves from

our peers. Being widely accessible through a

broad range of digital channels is key to this

strategy. Our customers can now book our tickets

from our website, app, our partner channels,

and also through new age services like Alexa

and Google Home and get a personalised

and seamless PVR pre-visit experience across

channels. PVR has been a keen precursor in

introducing several industry-first initiatives and has

taken yet another step in becoming truly digital

by partnering with Google Home. Android users

can now seamlessly explore upcoming movies,

show timings, location and ticket pricing via

Google’s Artificial Intelligence-powered voice

assistant and speaker and by installing the

Google Home app on Android devices. We have

also made this experience available to Apple

watch users who can now access cinema related

information on the go.

In our effort to constantly add new features,

we have added ticket cancellation option for

our patrons booking tickets on the PVR App and

website. This will help the patrons to go ahead

and book their tickets, and cancel them, in case

of any change in plan later, without forgoing

the entire amount.

In a coming together of the world of OTT and

cinema exhibition, we have tied up with MUBI,

a UK based curated movie streaming service

breaking into India’s booming entertainment

market. With this first-of-its-kind strategic exclusive

tie-up, Mubi GO App subscribers are entitled to a

free movie ticket every week at any PVR cinema of

their choice, in their respective city.

Now, as we prepare ourselves to open our

doors again to our patrons, we are geared

up with the ‘best in practice’ International

guidelines/protocols for safety and hygiene.

Our focus will be to ensure safety without

compromising the experience. This includes

modified processes such contactless ticket booking

at the Box Office and contactless ordering F&B at

the concessionaire, ULV germfree treatment of the

entire cinema complex including the Audis, and

availability of PPE Kits for patrons, redesigning the

F&B menu to provide an epicurean experience

with minimum contact, and much more. The staff

has been trained in welcoming the guests with the

new SOPs once we re-open.

I know that ‘bringing smiles’ to everyone has

never been so important than now, and we shall

continue to work towards that.

Please take care of yourselves and your loved

ones. I am confident that we are going to get

through this, together.

Thank you

Gautam Dutta

Chief Executive Officer

It was the first time in our

more-than-two-decade

history that we

witnessed over 10 Crore

patrons entering our

premises in a year.

12-screen Superplex opened in Delhi

LARGEST

MULTIPLEX IN

CAPITAL CITY

Through Swiggy and Zomato

DELIVERY

OF F&B

OFFERINGS

BRINGING SMILES...

ENTERTAINING INDIA

14

15

PVR LIMITED

ANNUAL REPORT 2019-20

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

>>> PERFORMANCE REVIEW:

Dear Shareholders,

Amid many concerns heading into 2020,

the event that no one expected, was the

outbreak of COVID-19. Globally, as

countries attempted to protect their people

by imposing an unprecedented lockdown,

the virus continued to spread, making social

distancing the norm. The immediate fallout

of such stringent actions are for the sectors

such as Travel and Tourism, Multiplexes and

Entertainment, which thrive on the idea of

social interactions. At this point, our cinemas

are shut and it is not clear what the future

holds. States are taking small steps to open up,

but it is not certain as to when normalcy will be

fully restored.

Before I apprise you of your Company’s

preparedness and plans as we enter

FY 2020-21, let’s take a look at how we

performed in in the year gone by, because the

results of FY 2019-20 will serve to confront the

challenges for the next fiscal.

The Indian film industry has grown

exponentially in the last few years. The filmed

entertainment segment posted its best-ever

domestic theatrical revenues in 2019. A record

17 Bollywood movies entered the ` 100

Crore Club, and there was enormous content

to exhibit every week. Multiplex players

continued to consolidate their screen share

within the industry and structural buoyancy in

the box office collections sustained.

Your Company performed exceedingly well,

delivering 2% growth in admits, 6% growth

in income from sale of movie tickets, 12%

and 6% in F&B and advertising revenues,

respectively. Our total income reached close

to ` 35 Billion milestone this year, led by our

diverse initiatives and equity, the brand enjoys

amongst its patrons. Our ancillary revenues

* Including ` 300 Cr. raised via

rights issue in Aug’20

16

17

PVR LIMITED

ANNUAL REPORT 2019-20

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

>>> PERFORMANCE REVIEW:

Managing Director

• Over two decades of

experience in the movie

exhibition industry

• Responsible for managing

the film acquisition and

distribution business

and programming

activities, along with the

development and growth

strategy of the Company

Promoter and Founder

Chairman and: Managing Director

C C

• Has over two decades of

experience in the movie

exhibition industry

• Recognised as pioneer of the

multiplex industry in India

• Completed the 28th session

of the Owner/President

Management Programme

from the Graduate School

of Business Administration,

Harvard University

• Received numerous awards

such as the ‘Business Icon of

the Year’ at the Indywood

Film Business Awards at

the Indywood Film Market

and ALIIFF in 2015, and

the ‘Exhibitor of the year’

at the Cine Asia Awards in

2017, among others

Sanjeev Kumar

Independent Director

• Has over 37 years of vast

experience in representing

public and private

enterprises before various

national courts

• Appointed on the

International Chamber of

Commerce (ICC) Court of

Arbitration, she was recently

conferred the ‘Lifetime

Achievement Award’ at the

Chambers India Awards

2019 and recognised as

one of the Most Powerful

Women in Indian Business by

Business Today, seven years

in succession (2013-19)

• Also, Director on the Boards

of prestigious companies

viz. Apollo Tyres Ltd.,

Trident Ltd., Asian Paints

Ltd., Interglobe Aviation

(Indigo Airlines) and One97

Communications Ltd. (Paytm)

Pallavi Shardul Shroff

Ajay Bijli

Independent Director

• Has a proven track

record of delivering

double-digit growth and

escalating brands to

leadership positions

• With an experience of

over 31 years in the high-

end hospitality category,

she has contributed

significantly to the success of

the Taj Group of Hotels

Deepa Misra Harris

Independent Director

C C

• Holds a Bachelor’s

degree in Science from

the University of Delhi and

Post Graduate Diploma

in Management from

the Indian Institute of

Management, Ahmedabad

• Also Director on the Board

of Tivass Strategies (India)

Private Limited

• Over 31 years of

experience in the banking

industry, private finance and

risk management

Sanjai Vohra

Non-executive Director

• Holds a Bachelors

degree in Textiles from

V.J. Technical Institute,

University of Mumbai,

and a Masters degree in

Management Studies from

the Chetna R.K. Institute of

Management & Research,

University of Mumbai

• Completed the 156th

session of the ‘Advanced

Management Programme,

the International Senior

Managers Programme’

from the Graduate School

of Business Administration,

Harvard University

• Currently the Managing

Director of Multiples

Alternate Asset

Management Private Ltd.

a private equity firm

• Also a Director on the Boards

of Tata Communications

Ltd. among others

Renuka Ramnath

Independent Director

C

• A Director on the Board of

Ascot Estates (Manesar)

Private Ltd., Brite India

Private Ltd. among others

• Successfully established

McDonald’s in North India

• Over 31 years of experience

Vikram Bakshi

Non-executive Director

• Holds Chartered

Accountancy degree from

the ICAI and an MBA

from the Indian Institute of

Management, Ahmedabad

• Working with Warburg

Pincus’ India affiliate

handling investment

advisory and Director

on the Board of Kalyan

Jewellers India Limited, PRL

Developers Private Limited,

BIBA Apparels Private

Limited, Hamstede Living

Private Limited and R. Retail

Ventures Private Limited

• Over 15 years of experience

Anish Kumar Saraf

Committee Details

Audit Committee Risk Management Committee Stakeholder Relationship Committee

Nomination and Remuneration Committee Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

C

Managing Director

Sanjeev Kumar

Promoter and Co-Founder,

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Mr. Pankaj Dhawan

Company Secretary cum Compliance

Officer

Mr. Nitin Sood

Chief Financial Officer

There is no change in KMP’s during the year under review.

ANNUAL REPORT 2019-20

STATUTORY REPORTS

>>> BOARD REPORT

55:

Managing Director

Place: New Delhi

Date: June 8, 2020

ANNUAL REPORT 2019-20

STATUTORY REPORTS

>>> BOARD REPORT

59:

Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer

or Company Secretary of the Company shall be jointly/severally

authorised to review and amend the Policy, to give effect to any such

changes/amendments.

For PVR Limited

Ajay Bijli

Chairman cum: Managing

Managing Director(s) and

Whole-time Director(s)) appointed under the

provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules

made thereunder.

Key Managerial

Personnel:: Managing

Managing Director

Place: New Delhi

Date: June 8, 2020

ANNUAL REPORT 2019-20

STATUTORY REPORTS

>>> ANNExURE

63:

Managing Director

1:246

B

Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, Joint: Managing Director

1:170

Median Salary – (In INR)

2,41,020

(ii)

The percentage increase in remuneration of each director, Chief Financial

Officer and Company Secretary

A

Mr. Ajay Bijli,

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

(Also the Chairman of the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee)

Place: New Delhi

Date: June 8, 2020

Annexure ‘5A’ to Board Report

PVR LIMITED

66:

Managing Director

Place: New Delhi

Date: June 8, 2020

ANNUAL REPORT 2019-20

STATUTORY REPORTS

>>> ANNExURE

69:

letter of even date which is

annexed as ‘ANNExURE A’ and forms an integral part of this report.

ANNUAL REPORT 2019-20

STATUTORY REPORTS

>>> ANNExURE

71:

letter.

Management’s Responsibility

1.

It is the responsibility of the management of the Company to maintain secretarial records, devise proper systems to ensure compliance with

the provisions of all applicable laws, standards rules and regulations and to ensure that the systems are adequate and operate effectively.

Auditor’s Responsibility

2.

Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these secretarial records and procedures followed by the Company with respect to

secretarial compliances.

3.

We believe that audit evidence and information obtained from the Company’s management is reasonably adequate and appropriate for us

to provide a basis for our opinion.

4.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Account of the Company.

5.

Wherever required, we have obtained the management’s representation: Letter about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and

happening of events etc.

Disclaimer

6.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which

the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Arun Gupta & Associates

Arun Kumar Gupta

Company Secretary

ACS: 21227

UDIN: A021227B000333693

Place: New Delhi

C.P. No.: 8003

Date: June 8, 2020

’ANNEXURE A’

PVR LIMITED

72

Managing Director, Whole-time Directors and/or Manager:

(Amount in `)

Sl.

No. Particulars of Remuneration

Particulars

Total Amount: Managing

Managing Director

Date: June 8, 2020

ANNUAL REPORT 2019-20

STATUTORY REPORTS

>>> ANNExURE

81:

letter of law;

•

Do what is right and not what is convenient;

•

Provide complete transparency on operations; and

•

Follow openness in communication with all our stakeholders.

The Corporate Governance Structure of PVR can be described through

three layers namely:

•

Shareholders appoint Board of Directors and entrust them with

necessary powers;

•

Board leads strategic management and constitutes various

committees to handle specific areas of responsibility; and

•

The KMP’s and the committees take up specific responsibility

and day to day affairs as set by the Board and as

required by the law.

Corporate Governance is an integral part of PVR in its pursuit of

excellence, growth and value creation. It continuously endeavours to

leverage available resources for translating opportunities into reality.

During the year under review, the Board of Directors, Management

and employees continued their pursuit of achieving these objectives

through the adoption and monitoring of prudent business plans

and by monitoring the major risks of the Company’s business.

The Company pursues policies and procedures to satisfy its legal

and ethical responsibilities. The Company’s Philosophy is to achieve

business excellence and optimise long-term Shareholders’ value on a

sustained basis by ethical business conduct. The Company is committed

to transparency in all its dealings and places strong emphasis on

business ethics.

The Board of Directors (’The Board’)

Composition of the Board

As on March 31, 2020, the Company had Seven Directors on

the Board. The Board is comprised of two Executive Directors and

Five Non-executive Directors out of which four are Independent

Directors. The Board included three Women Non-executive Directors.

The composition of the Board was in accordance with SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015

(hereinafter referred as ’Listing Regulations’) and Companies Act,

2013. Post the closure of Financial Year 2019-20, the Board appointed

Mr. Anish Saraf as Non-executive Director (Additional Director)

effective June 8, 2020.

Mr. Ajay Bijli, the Promoter cum Executive Director is the

Chairman of the Board.

None of the Directors of the Company is inter se related to each other.

The composition of the Board of Directors during the Financial

Year 2019-20, shareholding in the Company, details regarding

directorship/membership in Committees of other companies,

attendance in last Annual General Meeting & Board Meetings

of the Company held during the Financial Year 2019-20 are as under:

Name of the

Directors

Category

Shareholding

in the Company as on

March 31, 2020

(No. of equity shares)

$ No. of Board

Meetings

attended during

the Financial Year

2019-20

Name of other Listed

Entity in which the

person is a director and

category

Attendance at the

last AGM held on

July 25, 2019

Number of other

Directorships*

as on

March 31, 2020

& Number of Committee Memberships

and Chairmanship in other public

Companies

as on March 31, 2020

Memberships

Chairmanships

Ajay Bijli

Promoter,

Chairman cum: Managing

Letter of

Appointment setting out in detail, the terms of appointment, duties,

responsibilities and expected time commitments. Each newly appointed

Independent Director is taken through a familiarisation programme

including the presentation from the: Managing Director & CEO on

the Company’s Business, finance performance and other important

aspects. The Company Secretary briefs the Director about their legal

and regulatory responsibilities as a Director. The familiarisation

programmes for Independent Directors includes interactive sessions

with Executive Committee Members, Business and Functional Heads,

Cinema visit etc. The details of the familiarisation programme of the

Independent Directors is available on the website of the Company at

www.pvrcinemas.com.

Evaluation of Board’s Performance

The Board has in place a mechanism for evaluating its performance

as well as that of its Committees and individual Directors, including

the

Managing Director of PVR Limited.

is pioneer of the multiplex industry in India. Mr. Bijli has over

two decades of experience in the movie exhibition industry.

Mr. Bijli transformed the way millions of Indians consume

entertainment content over the past two-and-a-half decades.

Mr. Bijli has received numerous awards namely ‘Business Icon

of the year’ at the Indywood Film Business Awards in 2015

and the ‘Exhibitor of the year’ at the Cine Asia awards in 2017,

among others. As an industry leader of Indian film exhibition,

Mr. Bijli is on the Board of Trustees of the Mumbai Academy of

the Moving Image (MAMI) and the founding member of FICCI

Multiplex Association (India). He is also a member of The Film

and TV Producers Guild (India), Young Presidents’ Organisation

and is associated with the Central Board of Film Certification,

Government of India.

2.

Mr. Sanjeev Kumar has over two decades of experience in

the movie exhibition industry. Mr. Kumar has expertise in film

distribution business and programming activities, along with

the development and growth strategy of PVR. His 20 years of

experience in the cinema exhibition stretches the full spectrum of

the Company’s business, propelling PVR to greater heights and

redefining the movie watching experience in India, serving more

than 100 million patrons annually. Sanjeev holds a Bachelor’s

degree in Finance and Accounting from Salford University,

Manchester and a Master’s degree in Business Administration

from Imperial College, London University.

3.

Ms. Renuka Ramnath is currently: Managing

Managing Director (CMD)

and Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, Joint: Managing

Managing Director

and Mr. Nitin Sood, Chief Financial Officer in terms of Regulation

17(8) of Listing Regulations, 2015 for the year under review as placed

before the Board is attached as annexure to this Report.

104:

Managing Director

2

00208173

Mr. Sanjeev Kumar

Joint: Managing

letter and spirit in the Cinematograph Act,

1952. This will make it possible for Visually Impaired and Hearing

Impaired patrons to enjoy all Indian films with Captions and

Audio Description. During the year, a formal communication has

gone out from the Ministry of I&B encouraging Producers to make

films that can be enjoyed by a wider audience by making them

accessible for the Visually and Hearing Impaired.

PVR LIMITED

122:

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

20

20

Employees

130

136

Promoters of the erstwhile subsidiary Company

17

17

Notes

to the Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2020

PVR LIMITED

154:

Managing Director

Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, Joint: Managing

Managing Director and Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, Joint: Managing Director as was originally approved by the shareholders vide resolution dated July 3, 2018, by taking into account the net profits

of the Company computed under Section 198 of the Companies Act, 2013 after disregarding the adjustments made pursuant to Ind AS

116. Adoption of Ind AS 116 (’Leases’) w.e.f. April 1, 2019 and its impact on PBT of the Company has resulted in their overall managerial

remuneration exceeding the maximum remuneration permissible under the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements), 2015. Since such remuneration (individually and overall) is in excess of the limits prescribed under Section 197 read with Schedule

V of the Companies Act, 2013 by ` 982 lakh, it is subject to the approval of the shareholders in the ensuing general meeting.

52 Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015, as amended, the Board of Directors in its meeting held on June 8, 2020, approved the fund raising of up to ` 30,000 lakh through issuance

of equity shares of face value of ` 10 each via rights issue.

As per report of even date

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of PVR Limited

For B S R & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants

ICAI Firm Registration Number: 101248W / W-100022

Adhir Kapoor

Ajay Bijli

Sanjeev Kumar

Pankaj Dhawan

Nitin Sood

Partner

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

20

20

Employees

130

136

Promoters of the erstwhile subsidiary Company

17

17

6

Other financial assets

Non-current

Current

March 31, 2020

March 31, 2019

March 31, 2020

March 31, 2019

Non-current bank balances (refer note 13B)

154

227

-

-

Interest accrued on:

Fixed deposits

8

8

33

32

National saving certificate

13

13

66

60

Others

-

-

17

12

175

248

116

104

Revenue earned but not billed

-

-

987

1,077

Government grant receivable1

Unsecured, considered good

1,994

1,994

1,413

964

Unsecured, considered doubtful

-

65

-

-

1,994

2,059

1,413

964

Allowance for doubtful Government grant receivable

-

(65)

-

-

1,994

1,994

1,413

964

Total

2,169

2,242

2,516

2,145

1 The Entertainment tax /GST exemption in respect of some of the Multiplexes of the Parent Company has been accounted on the basis of eligibility criteria as laid down in the respective

erstwhile/current State Government schemes and applications filed with the authorities, but is subject to final orders yet to be received from the respective State authorities for some of the

exempted Multiplexes.

ANNUAL REPORT 2019-20

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

>>> CONSOLIDATED

213:

Managing Director

Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, Joint: Managing

Managing Director and Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

