Managing Director

KEY MANAgERIAL PERSONNEL

Mr. Harjit Singh (w.e.f. August 12, 2020)

-

Manager

Mr. Kush S. Bhatnagar

-

Chief Financial Officer

Ms. Vrushali Dhamnaskar

-

Assistant Company Secretary

INVESTOR SERVICES

-

Mr. Hiten Koradia

Manager – Secretarial

e-mail: investor.relations@tatatel.co.in

STATuTORY AuDITORS

-

M/s. Price Waterhouse Chartered Accountants LLP

INTERNAL AuDITORS

-

ANB Solutions Private Limited

Ernst & Young LLP

REgISTRAR & SHARE TRANSFER AgENTS

-

TSR Darashaw Consultants Private Limited

6-10, Haji Moosa Patrawala Industrial Estate,

20, Dr. E. Moses Road,

Near Famous Studio, Mahalaxmi,

Mumbai – 400 011.

Tel: 91 22 6656 8484

Fax: 91 22 6656 8494 / 8496

Email: csg-unit@tsrdarashaw.com

Website: www.tsrdarashaw.com

REgISTERED OFFICE (effective July 27, 2020)

-

D-26, TTC Industrial Area, MIDC Sanpada, P.O. Turbhe,

Navi Mumbai – 400 703, Maharashtra

CORPORATE IDENTITY NuMBER (CIN)

-

L64200MH1995PLC086354

Twenty Fifth Annual General Meeting of Tata Teleservices (Maharashtra) Limited will be held on Wednesday, September 16, 2020 at

1100 hours through Video Conferencing facility or Other Audio Visual Means

The Annual Report can be accessed at the Company’s website www.tatateleservices.com:

Managing Director with effect

from February 1, 2020 till March 31, 2020

To consider and if though fit, to pass the following

resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of

Sections 196, 197, 203 and other applicable provisions,

if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’) (including any

statutory modification or re-enactment thereof for the

time being in force) read with Schedule V to the Act

and the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of

Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, as amended from

time to time, Articles of Association of the Company

and any other applicable provisions, the consent of

the Company be and is hereby accorded for the re-

appointment of Mr. Srinath Narasimhan (DIN:00058133)

as: Managing

letter etc. with attested specimen

signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who

are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by an e-mail

to evoting@mehta-mehta.com with a copy marked to

evoting@nsdl.co.in.

2.

It is strongly recommended not to share your password

with any other person and take utmost care to keep your

password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will

be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in

the correct password. In such an event, you will need

to go through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or

“Physical User Reset Password?” option available on

www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

3.

In case of any queries, you may refer to the Frequently

Asked Questions (FAQs) for members and e-voting

user manual for Members available at the Downloads

sections of https://www.evoting.nsdl.com or contact

NSDL at the following toll free no.: 1800-222-990 or

send a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in. In case of any

grievances connected with facility for e-voting, please

contact Ms. Pallavi Mhatre, Manager, NSDL, 4th

Floor, ‘A’ Wing, Trade World, Kamala Mills Compound,

Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai 400 013.

Email: evoting@nsdl.co.in / Tel: +91 22 24994545.

4.

If you are already registered with NSDL for remote

e-voting then you can use your existing user ID and

password/PIN for casting your vote.

5.

You can also update your mobile number and e-mail id

in the user profile details of the folio which may be used

for sending future communication(s).

28. Process for registration of email id for obtaining

Annual Report and user id/password for e-voting

and updation of bank account mandate:



Registration of e-mail addresses with TSRDL: The

Company has made special arrangements with TSRDL

for registration of e-mail addresses of those Members

(holding shares either in electronic or physical form)

who wish to receive this Notice electronically and cast

votes electronically. Eligible Members whose e-mail

addresses are not registered with the Company/DPs are

required 1700 hours (IST) on Wednesday, September 9,

2020.



Process to be followed for registration of e-mail address

is as follows:

(a) Visit the link: https://green.tsrdarashaw.com/green/

events/login/hm

(b) Enter the DP ID & Client ID /Physical Folio Number

and PAN details. In the event, if the PAN details are

not available on record, for Physical Folio, Member

to enter one of the share certificate number.

(c) System will verify the Client ID and PAN details.

(d) On successful verification, system will allow you to

enter your e-mail address and mobile number.

(e) The system will then confirm the e-mail address for

the limited purpose of service of this AGM Notice

and Annual Report for FY2019-2020.



The above system also provides a facility to the

Members holding shares in physical form to upload a

self-attested copy of their PAN Card, if the PAN details

are not updated in accordance with the requirements

prescribed by SEBI.



After successful submission of the e-mail address,

NSDL will e-mail a copy of this Notice and Annual Report

for FY 2019-2020 along with the e-Voting user ID and

password. In case of any queries, Members may write

to csg-unit@tsrdarashaw.com or evoting@nsdl.co.in.

EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PuRSuANT TO SECTION

102 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013

Item No. 3

The Board of Directors, on the recommendation of the

Nomination and Remuneration Committee, appointed Mr.

Kumar Ramanathan (DIN:06364297) as an Additional Director

of the Company with effect from September 24, 2019, to hold

office up to the date of this Annual General Meeting (“AGM”)

pursuant to the provisions of Section 161 of the Companies

Act, 2013 (the “Act”). The Board has also appointed him

as an Independent Non-Executive Director pursuant to the

provisions of Section 149 of the Act read with Regulation

25 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015

(hereinafter referred to as “Listing Regulations”), for a period

of 5 years with effect from September 24, 2019, subject

to approval of the Members. The Company has received

a notice pursuant to Section 160 of the Act proposing his

candidature for the office of Director of the Company.:

Managing Director”) (DIN:00058133)

as the: Managing

Managing Director.

3.

Duties and Powers:

3.1 Mr. Srinath shall devote appropriate time and attention

to the business of the Company and perform such duties

as may be entrusted to him by the Board from time to

time and separately communicated to him and exercise

such powers as may be assigned to him, subject to the

superintendence, control and directions of the Board in

connection with and in the best interests of the business

of the Company and the business of one or more of its

associated companies and/or subsidiaries, including

performing duties as assigned to him from time to time

by serving on the boards of such associated companies

and/or subsidiaries or any other executive body or any

committee of such a company.

3.2 Mr. Srinath shall not exceed the powers so delegated by

the Board pursuant to clause 3.1 above.

3.3 Mr. Srinath undertakes to employ the best of his skill and

ability and to make his utmost endeavours to promote

the interests and welfare of the Company and to conform

to and comply with the policies and regulations of the

Company and all such orders and directions as may be

given to him from time to time by the Board.

3.4 Mr. Srinath shall undertake his duties from such location

as may be directed by the Board.

Other terms of Appointment:

4

The terms and conditions of the appointment of Mr.

Srinath may be altered and varied from time to time by

the Board as it may, in its discretion deem fit, irrespective

of the limits stipulated under Schedule V to the Act or

any amendments made hereafter in this regard in such

manner as may be agreed to between the Board and Mr.

Srinath, subject to such approvals as may be required.

5

Mr. Srinath, so long as he functions as such, undertakes

not to become interested or otherwise concerned,

directly or through his spouse and/or children, in any

selling agency of the Company.

6

All Personnel Policies of the Company and the related

Rules which are applicable to other employees of the

Company shall also be applicable to Mr. Srinath, unless

specifically provided otherwise.

7

The employment of Mr. Srinath may be terminated by

the Company without notice:

a.

if Mr. Srinath is found guilty of any gross negligence,

default or misconduct in connection with or affecting

the business of the Company or any subsidiary or

associated company to which he is required by the

Agreement to render services; or

b.

in the event of any serious or repeated or continuing

breach (after prior warning) or non-observance by

Mr. Srinath of any of the stipulations contained in

the Agreement.

8

In the event Mr. Srinath is not in a position to discharge

his official duties due to any physical or mental incapacity,

the Board shall be entitled to terminate his contract on

such terms as the Board may consider appropriate in

the circumstances.

9

Upon the termination by whatever means of his

employment under the Agreement:

a.

Mr. Srinath shall immediately cease to hold offices

held by him in any holding company, subsidiaries

or

associate

companies

without

claim

for

compensation for loss of office by virtue of Section

167(1)(h) of the Act and shall resign as trustee of

any trusts connected with the Company.

b.

Mr. Srinath shall not without the consent of the

Board at any time thereafter represent himself

as connected with the Company or any of its

subsidiaries and associated companies.

10 If and when the term expires or is terminated for any

reason whatsoever, Mr. Srinath will cease to be the: Managing

Managing Director for the period of two

months ending March 31, 2020 and therefore recommends

the Resolution at Item No. 4 for approval by the Members.

The details including the qualification and the list of

companies in which Mr. Srinath serves as Director and

Member/Chairman of various committees are stated in the

annexure attached to the Notice.

The Board commends the Ordinary Resolution set out at Item

No. 4 of the Notice for approval of the Members.

None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel or their

relatives, except Mr. Srinath to the extent of his re- appointment,

are in any way concerned or interested in passing of the

resolution mentioned at Item No. 4 of the Notice.

Item No. 5

The Board of Directors, on recommendation of the Nomination

and Remuneration Committee, appointed Mr. Srinath

Narasimhan (DIN:00058133) as an Additional Director of

the Company with effect from April 1, 2020 and he holds

office up to the date of this AGM pursuant to the provisions

of Section 161 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”). The

Company has received a notice pursuant to Section 160 of

the Act proposing his candidature for the office of Director of

the Company. Mr. Srinath shall be liable to retire by rotation.

In compliance with the provisions of Sections 152 and 160 of

the Act, the appointment of Mr. Srinath as a Non-Executive

Director of the Company is now being placed before the

Members at this AGM for their approval.

The brief profile of Mr. Srinath is as under:

Mr. Srinath, aged 57 years, is a Mechanical Engineer from IIT

(Chennai) and has a Management Degree from IIM (Kolkata),

specialized in Marketing and Systems. Since joining the Tata

Administrative Services in 1986, Mr. Srinath has held positions

in Project Management, Sales & Marketing and Management

in different Tata companies for more than 34 years.

Mr. Srinath is also appointed as a Member of Nomination and

Remuneration Committee; Corporate Social Responsibility

Committee; Stakeholders Relationship Committee and

Finance Committee of the Company. He does not hold any

equity shares of the Company.

The details including the qualification and the list of

companies in which Mr. Srinath serves as Director and

Member/Chairman of committees are stated in the annexure

attached to the Notice.

The Board commends the Ordinary Resolution set out at Item

No. 5 of the Notice for approval of the Members.

None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel or their

relatives, except Mr. Srinath to the extent of his appointment,

are in any way concerned or interested in passing of the

resolution mentioned at Item No. 5 of the Notice.

Item No. 6

The Board of Directors, on recommendation of the Nomination

and Remuneration Committee, appointed Mr. Harjit Singh as

the Manager and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company

for a period of 3 (Three) years with effect from August 12,

2020 under the provisions of the Sections 196, 197, 203

and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies

Act, 2013 (the “Act”) read with Schedule V to the Act and

Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial

Personnel) Rules, 2014, including any statutory modifications

thereof, subject to approval of the Members and such other

approvals as may be required.

Mr. Harjit Singh joined Tatas as a TAS cadre in the year 1996.

In his two-decade career till date, Mr. Harjit Singh has worked

in leadership capacities in companies like Tata Teleservices,

Tata Communications, Tata AutoComp Systems and Tata

Housing.

Mr. Harjit Singh has played a variety of roles ranging from

corporate strategy & planning, mergers and acquisitions,

operationalisation of green field ventures to P&L responsibility

of large business units. In his current role, Mr. Harjit Singh

manages the Enterprise business of Tata Teleservices

Limited and the Company. The business delivers voice, data

and managed services to the complete spectrum of small,

medium and large enterprises in India.

His academics include a PGDM in Finance and Operations

from IIM, Ahmedabad and a B.E. (Mechanical) from IIT

Roorkee.

He is holding 3,400 equity shares of the Company.

The principal terms and conditions of Mr. Harjit Singh as

Manager and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company are

as follows::

Managing Director)

Mr. Srinath Narasimhan

(as a Additional Director)

Date of Birth

March 25, 1976

October 18, 1961

July 8, 1962

July 8, 1962

Age

44

58

57

57

Date of Appointment

Appointed on September

29, 2018 in casual

vacancy

September 24, 2019

Appointed first time from

February 1, 2011 (Last

re-appointed

by

the

Shareholders at the AGM

held on July 31, 2017 with

effect from February 1,

2017). NRC and Board has

re-appointed him for two

months effective February

1, 2020.

April 1, 2020

Qualifications

B.E.

in

Mechanical

Engineering and PGDM

from IIM, Kolkata

Masters

Degree

in

Commerce

from

Delhi

School of Economics and a

Management Degree from

IIM, Ahmedabad

Mechanical

Engineering

from IIT (Chennai) and a

Management Degree from

IIM (Kolkata)

Mechanical

Engineering

from IIT (Chennai) and a

Management Degree from

IIM (Kolkata)

Experience

Senior

Vice

President,

at Chairman’s Office at

Tata Sons Private Limited.

Around

15

years

of

experience in Investment

Banking, Capital Markets

and Corporate Strategy.

Previously, was Managing

Director

(Investment

Banking Division) in Bank

of America Merrill Lynch

and prior to that he was

Group Manager & Head,

Business

Planning

in

Infosys

Technologies

Limited

-

Corporate

Planning Group.

MD and CEO Positive

Integers – a Data Analytics

Company founded in 2013.

26 years of experience

in

Consumer

Product

Companies and Telecom

Industry. Held leadership

positions in Operations/

Sales

and

Marketing

and had long stints in

Vodafone/Hutch, Pepsico

and Britannia.

34 years of experience

within

the

Tata

Group

and has held positions

in Project Management,

Sales & Marketing and

Management in different

Tata companies in the ICT

sector.

34 years of experience

within

the

Tata

Group

and has held positions

in Project Management,

Sales & Marketing and

Management in different

Tata companies in the ICT

sector.

Terms and conditions of

appointment

- Director in Non-

Executive Non-

Independent capacity

- Liable to retire by

rotation

- Director in Non-

Executive Independent

capacity

- Not liable to retire by

rotation

- Term of appointment

– with effect from

September 24, 2019

upto September 23,

2024

- Other terms and

conditions - Available

on the website of the

Company i.e., www.

tatateleservices.com.

Refer Item No. 4 of the

Explanatory Statement

- Director in Non-

Executive Non-

Independent capacity

- Liable to retire by

rotation

Remuneration sought to

be paid

Refer ‘Remuneration paid to the Directors’ under “Corporate Governance Report for the financial year 2019-2020”

Last remuneration drawn

during the year 2019-2020

Refer ‘Remuneration paid to the Directors’ under “Corporate Governance Report for the financial year 2019-2020”:

Managing Director)

Mr. Srinath Narasimhan

(as a Additional Director)

Number of Board meetings

attended during the year

8

3

8

NA

Expertise in specific

functional area

Investment Banking

Consumer

market/

Telecommunications/ Data

science and Analytics

High-technology

areas

such

as

Process

Automation and Control,

Information

Technology

and Telecommunication

High-technology

areas

such

as

Process

Automation and Control,

Information

Technology

and Telecommunication

Number of shares held in

the Company (including

held by the dependents)

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Directorships held in

other public companies

(excluding foreign

companies and Section 8

companies)

• Tata AIA Life Insurance

Co. Limited

• Tata Capital Housing

Finance Limited

• Tata Teleservices

Limited

• Tata AutoComp Systems

Limited

• Tata Elxsi Limited

• Tata Sky Limited

• Tata Communications

Transformation Services

Limited

• Tata Teleservices

Limited

• Tata Communications

Limited

• Tata Industries Limited

• Tata Teleservices

Limited

• Tata Communications

Limited

• Tata Industries Limited

Memberships/

Chairmanships of

committees of other public

companies

Audit Committee:

• Tata AIA Life Insurance

Co. Limited (Member)

• Tata Capital Housing

Finance Limited

(Member)

• Tata Teleservices

Limited (Member)

• Tata Sky Limited

(Member)

• Tata Elxsi Limited

(Member)

Nomination and

Remuneration

Committee:

• Tata AIA Life Insurance

Co. Limited (Member)

Corporate Social

Responsibility

Committee:

• Tata Capital Housing

Finance Limited

(Member)

Audit Committee:

• Tata Communications

Transformation Services

Limited (Member)

Nomination and

Remuneration

Committee:

• Tata Communications

Transformation Services

Limited (Member)

Stakeholders’

Relationship Committee:

• Tata Communications

Limited (Member)

Nomination and

Remuneration

Committee:

• Tata Communications

Limited (Member)

• Tata Industries Limited

(Member)

Corporate Social

Responsibility

Committee:

• Tata Communications

Limited (Chairman)

• Tata Teleservices

Limited (Member)

Stakeholders’

Relationship Committee:

• Tata Communications

Limited (Member)

Nomination and

Remuneration

Committee:

• Tata Communications

Limited (Member)

• Tata Industries Limited

(Member)

Corporate Social

Responsibility

Committee:

• Tata Communications

Limited (Chairman)

• Tata Teleservices

Limited (Member)

Relationship with other

Directors

Refer ‘Board of Directors’ under “Corporate Governance Report for the financial year 2019-2020”:

letter dated

February 6, 2020 conveyed its approval to take on record

the transfer / merger as above. Details are provided in

subsequent sections.

On completion of the demerger of the CMB as stated above, the

Company does not have wireless services business since July 1,

2019 and has been focusing on providing various wireline voice,

data and managed telecom services to Enterprise customers.

The Company may also explore opportunities to strategically

restructure the residual business at an appropriate time.

The Company currently provides its range of products and

services to about 0.8 Million DELs (“Direct Exchange Lines”)

as of December 2019 and having about 17,000 kms of optical

fibre transmission network in Mumbai and Maharashtra

service areas.

FINANCIAL RESuLTS

The Company adopted Indian Accounting Standards (“Ind

AS”) from April 1, 2016, with transition date from April 1,

2015. Accordingly, the financial reports for current financial

year 2019-2020 and previous financial year 2018-2019 have

been prepared as per Ind AS reporting framework.

The financial highlights of the Company for the year ended

March 31, 2020 are as follows:

(Rs. in Crores)

Particulars

2019-2020

2018-2019

Total Revenue

1,088

1,322

Expenditure

656

620

Earnings

before

Interest,

Depreciation,

Tax

and

Amortisation (EBITDA)

432

702

Finance & Treasury charges

including

exchange

impact

(net)

1,521

1,524

Depreciation / Amortisation

195

178

Profit/(Loss)

Before

Exceptional Items and Tax

(1,284)

(999)

Exceptional Items

(2,430)

331

Profit/(Loss) After Tax

(3,714)

(668)

(Nos are not comparable as CMB business demerged w.e.f.

July 1, 2019)

The Company reported total revenue at Rs. 1,088 Crores as

compared to Rs. 1,322 Crores in the previous year, decline

of about 18%.

The Company reported drop in EBITDA at Rs. 432 Crores as

against Rs. 702 Crores in the previous year. EBITDA margin

for the year was 40%.

The Company’s loss before exceptional items was Rs. 1,284

Crores as compared to last year’s level of Rs. 999 Crores.

The Company has provided for exceptional items of Rs. 2,430

Crores, primarily towards additional provision for License

Fee/Spectrum Usage Charges (“LF”/”SUC”).

DIVIDEND AND APPROPRIATIONS

In view of the accumulated losses, the Directors regret their

inability to recommend any dividend for the year under

consideration. No appropriations are proposed to be made

for the year under consideration.

COMPANY’S INITIATIVES

Digital disruption and transformation continued to gain

momentum in FY 2019-2020 across Enterprises. Small,

Medium and Large Enterprises are going through a phase

of digital evolution. To ride the wave of digital transformation,

Enterprises

continued

to

invest

in

robust

telecom

infrastructure.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT:

Managing Director.

The term of: Managing

Managing Director was

evaluated, taking into account the views of the then Managing

Director and Non-Executive Directors. Thereafter, the Board

also reviewed the performance of the Board as a whole, its

Committees and individual Directors.

SCHEME OF ARRANgEMENT

The Board of Directors at its meeting held on October 12,

2017 had approved the transfer, by way of demerger,

the Consumer Mobile Business (“CMB”) of the Company

(“TTML”) to Bharti Airtel Limited (“BAL”) subject to requisite

regulatory approvals.

The Scheme of Arrangement amongst TTML and BAL and

their respective shareholders and creditors (“Scheme”) for

transfer of the Consumer Mobile Business (“CMB”) of TTML to

BAL was approved by The Competition Commission of India

(“CCI”) on November 16, 2017, by the Board of Directors on

December 19, 2017 and by shareholders and secured and

unsecured creditors on August 30, 2018. National Company

Law Tribunal (“NCLT”), Mumbai sanctioned the Scheme by

an order dated December 4, 2018 and NCLT, New Delhi by

an order dated January 30, 2019. The said sanction by NCLT

Mumbai & Delhi was subject to receipt of Department of

Telecommunications (“DoT”) approval, after receipt of which

TTML was required to approach NCLT with fixed Appointed

Date.

DoT granted approval subject to certain conditions on April

10, 2019 to TTML and BAL, some of which were subsequently

stayed/modified by Telecom Disputes Settlement and

Appellate Tribunal (“TDSAT”) vide its interim orders dated

April 22 and May 2 and May 6, 2019.

TDSAT, pending final hearing of the petitions filed by BAL

directed DoT to take on record the demerger subject to

fulfilment of modified conditions and also allowed BAL to

operationalize spectrum and to undertake consequential

actions.

TTML and BAL reported compliance with such conditions

to DoT vide: letter dated May 22, 2019. NCLT, Mumbai, vide

its order dated June 12, 2019 approved July 1, 2019 as the

Appointed Date under the Scheme. On June 24 and 25,

2019, BAL and TTML filed NCLT orders with the Registrar of

Companies (“RoC”) at Delhi and Mumbai respectively with

the Appointed Date of July 1, 2019. BAL and TTML informed

DoT vide letter dated June 26, 2019 of the NCLT orders

and filing of those with RoC Delhi and Mumbai and further

informed that the approval process for merger of Consumer

Mobile Business of TTML to BAL has been completed with an

Appointed and Effective Date of July 1, 2019 and all statutory

formalities towards operationalizing the demerger of the CMB

of TTML and consequent merger/transfer of the said CMB of

TTML into BAL have been completed with an Appointed and

Effective Date of July 1, 2019.

The Scheme became effective on July 1, 2019.

DoT appealed against TDSAT interim orders dated May 2,

2019 and May 6, 2019 in Hon’ble Supreme Court, which

declined to interfere with the interim orders and requested

TDSAT to finally hear the matter by end of February 2020.

Subsequently, on February 6, 2020, DoT subject to outcome

of the pending BAL petition in TDSAT and any appeal against

the judgement has taken the demerger on record.

DoT on April 28, 2020, issued a show cause notice to the

Company as to why a penalty of Rs. 50 Crores per circle

on its two circles should not be levied for alleged violation

of Clause 6.1 of the Unified License (with Access Service

Authorisation) Agreement. The Company challenged the

notice before the TDSAT which directed the Company to file

its response with DoT and the decision to be taken by DoT

on merit within a reasonable time in accordance with law

without being prejudiced by the tone and tenor of the show

cause notice and also without being influenced by the filing

of the petition. The matter has been adjourned sine die. The

Company filed it’s detailed response on June 9, 2020 and a

personal hearing was granted by DoT on July 3, 2020. DoT’s

response is awaited.

DoT has also filed a petition before NCLT, Delhi in the matter

related to merger of TTML CMB with Bharti Airtel Limited

wherein DoT has alleged that both the parties have violated

the provisions of Scheme as sanctioned by Hon’ble Tribunal

and that they should be punished and penalized as per the

provisions of the Section 232(8) of the Company Act, 2013.

The petition is yet to be listed.

Upon the Scheme becoming effective and in consideration

of transfer of Consumer Mobile Business of the Company to

BAL, BAL issued and allotted (A) 1 (One) BAL Equity Share

to TTML Equity Holders on Record Date for every 2,014 (Two

Thousand Fourteen) TTML Equity Shares each held in TTML

on the Record Date; and (B) 10 (Ten) BAL Redeemable

Preference Shares (“RPS”) to all (and not each) TTML RPS

Holders in proportion to their holding of TTML RPS on the

Record Date. The Record Date was fixed as July 12, 2019.

letter dated November 13, 2019 directed all the

telecom licensees to undertake self-assessment and make

payment of Licence Fee (“LF”) and other dues within three

months in accordance with the Judgment.

The Company and other operators filed review petitions in

SC challenging inter alia imposition of penalty and interest

thereon. These petitions were dismissed on January 16, 2020.

The Company and other operators filed modification

applications in the SC seeking modification of Supplementary

Order dated October 24, 2019 to allow the Company and

DoT to conduct the exercise for ascertaining and payment of

the amounts due under the Judgment.

TTSL and TTML also submitted various representations

and submitted documentary evidence to claim permissible

deductions.

On February 14, 2020, the SC heard abovementioned

modification applications of operators and passed an order

which noted that despite the dismissal of Review Petitions,

the Companies had not paid any amount. SC directed the

MD/Directors of the Companies to show cause as to why

SC should not initiate Contempt Proceedings against them

for not complying with the orders passed by the court by not

depositing the amount.

Mr. N. Srinath, then: Managing

managing director or a whole-time

director or a nominee director,—

(a) who, in the opinion of the Board, is a person of integrity

and possesses relevant expertise and experience;

(b) (i) who is or was not a promoter of the company or its

holding, subsidiary or associate company;

(ii) who is not related to promoters or directors in

the company, its holding, subsidiary or associate

company;

(c) who has or had no pecuniary relationship with the

company, its holding, subsidiary or associate company, or

their promoters, or directors, during the two immediately

preceding financial years or during the current financial

year;

(d) none of whose relatives has or had pecuniary relationship

or transaction with the company, its holding, subsidiary

or associate company, or their promoters, or directors,

amounting to two per cent or more of its gross turnover

or total income or fifty lakh rupees or such higher amount

as may be prescribed, whichever is lower, during the

two immediately preceding financial years or during the

current financial year;

(e) who, neither himself nor any of his relatives –

(i) holds or has held the position of a key managerial

personnel or is or has been employee of the

company or its holding, subsidiary or associate

company in any of the three financial years

immediately preceding the financial year in which

he is proposed to be appointed;

(ii) is or has been an employee or proprietor or

a partner, in any of the three financial years

immediately preceding the financial year in which

he is proposed to be appointed, of –

(A) a firm of auditors or company secretaries in practice

or cost auditors of the company or its holding,

subsidiary or associate company; or

(B) any legal or a consulting firm that has or had any

transaction with the company, its holding, subsidiary

or associate company amounting to ten per cent or

more of the gross turnover of such firm;

(iii) holds together with his relatives two per cent or

more of the total voting power of the company; or

(iv) is a Chief Executive or director, by whatever name

called, of any nonprofit organization that receives

twenty-five per cent or more of its receipts from

the company, any of its promoters, directors or its

holding, subsidiary or associate company or that

holds two per cent or more of the total voting power

of the company;

(v) is a material supplier, service provider or customer

or a lessor or lessee of the company; (additional

provision as per Clause 49);

(f) who is not less than 21 years of age (additional provision

as per Clause 49).”

•

Current and ex-employees of a Tata company may

be considered as independent only if he/she has

or had no pecuniary relationship with any Tata

company (due to employment/receipt of monthly

pension by way of Special Retirement Benefits/

holding consultant or advisor positions) during the

two immediately preceding financial years or during

the current financial year.

2.

Qualifications of Directors

•

Board will ensure that a transparent board nomination

process is in place that encourages diversity of thought,

experience, knowledge, perspective, age and gender.

•

It is expected that board have an appropriate blend of

functional and industry expertise.

•

While recommending appointment of a director, it

is expected that the Nomination and Remuneration

Annexure – IA to the Directors’ Report

Company’s Policy on Directors Appointment and Remuneration:

managing director (“MD”) /

executive directors (“ED”) / KMP / rest of the

employees

o

The extent of overall remuneration should be sufficient

to attract and retain talented and qualified individuals

suitable for every role. Hence remuneration should be



Market competitive (market for every role is defined

as companies from which the company attracts

Annexure – IB to the Directors’ Report

Remuneration Policy:

Managing Director on March 31, 2020

and appointed as an Additional (Non-Independent, Non-

Executive) Director w.e.f April 1, 2020.

3.

Average net profit of the Company for last 3 financial

years, prescribed CSR expenditure and details of

CSR spent during the financial year

The Company did not make profits in the past 3 financial

years; hence it does not have any budgeted CSR

expenditure. However, in keeping with the Tata Group’s

philosophy of giving back to the society, all the above

initiatives are managed with internal resources.

4.

The implementation and monitoring of the CSR Policy

is in compliance with CSR objectives and policy of the

Company.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Ankur Verma

N. Srinath

Director

Director

DIN: 07972892 DIN: 00058133

Place: Navi Mumbai

Date: August 12, 2020

Annexure – II to the Directors’ Report

Annual Report on Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”) Activities:

Managing Director

Ratio to median

remuneration*

Mr. N. Srinath

---

* The: Managing

Managing Director)#

At the beginning of the year

0

0.00

0

0.00

Date wise Increase / Decrease in Shareholding during

the year specifying the reasons for increase / decrease

(e.g. allotment / transfer / bonus / sweat equity etc.)

0

0.00

0

0.00

At the end of the year

0

0.00

0

0.00

7

Mr. D. T. Joseph (Independent Director)*

At the beginning of the year

0

0.00

0

0.00

Date wise Increase / Decrease in Shareholding during

the year specifying the reasons for increase / decrease

(e.g. allotment / transfer / bonus / sweat equity etc.)

0

0.00

0

0.00

At the end of the year

0

0.00

0

0.00

8

Mr. Kush S. Bhatnagar (Chief Financial Officer)

At the beginning of the year

0

0.00

0

0.00

Date wise Increase / Decrease in Shareholding during

the year specifying the reasons for increase / decrease

(e.g. allotment / transfer / bonus / sweat equity etc.)

0

0.00

0

0.00

At the end of the year

0

0.00

0

0.00

9

Ms. Vrushali Dhamnaskar (Assistant Company

Secretary)

At the beginning of the year

0

0.00

0

0.00

Date wise Increase / Decrease in Shareholding during

the year specifying the reasons for increase / decrease

(e.g. allotment / transfer / bonus / sweat equity etc.)

0

0.00

0

0.00

At the end of the year

0

0.00

0

0.00

@ Appointed w.e.f. September 24, 2019

* Resigned w.e.f. September 21, 2019

# Term as: Managing

Managing Director, Whole-time Directors and/or Manager:

Sr.

No.

Particulars of Remuneration

Name of MD / WTD /

Manager

Total Amount

Mr. N. Srinath (: Managing

letter dated May 22, 2019.

c)

National Company Law Tribunal, vide its order dated

June 12, 2019, approved July 1, 2019 as the Appointed

Date under the TTML Scheme. On June 25, 2019

the company filed NCLT orders with the Registrar of

Companies Mumbai with the Appointed Date of July

1, 2019. The Company informed DoT vide: letter dated

June 26, 2019 of NCLT orders and filing of those with

Registrar of Companies (RoCs) Mumbai and further

informed that the merger of Consumer Mobile business of

the Company to Bharti Airtel Limited has been completed

with an Appointed and Effective Date of 1st July 2019.

d) However, DoT wrote on July 5th, 2019 to RoC Mumbai

and RoC Delhi with a copy to the company and BAL

and requested RoCs not to take any further action in

the matter as DoT had not issued final approval. The

Companies in a Joint letter to RoCs pointed out that the

forms filed had been approved by ROC offices and thus

all actions related to the Schemes that are relevant for

ROC offices had already been completed in accordance

with applicable laws and therefore there were no further

actions required from them. RoC’s reply to the above

mentioned joint letter is awaited.

e)

The members at their Annual General Meeting held on

September 20, 2019 approved the following:

(i)

Issue of Non-Cumulative Redeemable Preference

Shares - Series 5 on Preferential Basis;

(ii) Issue of Non-Convertible Debentures on Private

Placement.

f)

The Finance Committee of the Company vide Circular

Resolutions approved the following:

S.

NO.

Date

Particulars

1.

May 06,

2019

Approval for roll over/fresh issuance

of Commercial Papers for an amount

upto Rs. 5,23,00,00,000 (Rupees Five

Hundred and Twenty Three Crores)

2.

June 17,

2019

Approval for roll over/fresh issuance

of Commercial Papers for an amount

upto Rs. 27,00,00,00,000 (Rupees Two

Thousand Seven Hundred Crores)

3.

June 20,

2019

Issuance of Commercial Papers for an

amount upto Rs. 5,00,00,00,000 (Rupees

Five Hundred Crores)

4.

July 18,

2019

Issuance of Commercial Papers for

an amount upto Rs. 25,55,00,00,000

(Rupees Two Thousand Five Hundred

and Fifty Five Crores)

letter of even

date which is annexed as ‘ANNEXuRE A’ and forms an

integral part of this report.

Annexure A

To,

The Members,

Tata Teleservices (Maharashtra) Limited,

Voltas Premises, T. B. Kadam Marg,

Chinchpokli, Mumbai - 400033

Our report of even date is to be read along with this: letter.

1)

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of

the management of the Company. Our responsibility is

to express an opinion on these secretarial records based

on our audit.

2)

We have followed the audit practices and processes as

were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of the secretarial records.

The verification was done on test basis to ensure that

correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We

believe that the processes and practices we followed

provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3)

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness

of financial records and Books of Accounts of the

Company.

4)

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management

representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

5)

The compliance of the provisions of corporate laws,

rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of

management. Our examination was limited to the

verification of procedures on test basis.

6)

As regard the books, papers, forms, reports and returns

filed by the Company under the provisions referred to

in points vi, vii and viii of our Secretarial Audit Report in

Form No. MR-3 the adherence and compliance to the

requirements of the said regulations is the responsibility

of management. Our examination was limited to checking

the execution and timeliness of the filing of various

forms, reports, returns and documents that need to be

filed by the Company with various authorities under the

said regulations. We have not verified the correctness

and coverage of the contents of such forms, reports,

returns and documents.

7)

The secretarial audit report is neither an assurance as to

the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted

the affairs of the Company.

For Mehta & Mehta,

Company Secretaries

(ICSI unique Code P1996MH007500)

Atul Mehta

Partner

PCS No.: 5782

CP No.: 2486

Place: Mumbai

Date: June 02, 2020

uDIN: F005782B000309085

letter and spirit are discussed within the leadership team at

regular intervals and reported to the Board, as appropriate.

* Tata Code of Conduct

(b) If answer to the question at serial number 1 against any principle, is ‘No’, please explain why: (Tick up to 2

options)

Questions

P 1

P 2

P 3

P 4

P 5

P 6

P 7

P 8

P 9

1

The Company has not understood the Principles

Not applicable

2

The Company is not at a stage where it finds

itself in a position to formulate and implement the

policies on specified principles

3

The Company does not have financial or manpower

resources available for the task

4

It is planned to be done within next 6 months

5

It is planned to be done within the next 1 year

6

Any other reason (please specify)

3.

governance related to BR

(a) Indicate the frequency with which the Board of Directors, Committee of the Board or CEO to assess the BR

performance of the Company. Within 3 months, 3-6 months, Annually, More than 1 year.

Yes. The BR Performance of the company would be reviewed annually.

(b) Does the Company publish a BR or a Sustainability Report? What is the hyperlink for viewing this report?

How frequently it is published?

Yes. The first BR Report of the Company has been prepared and would be published on the Company’s website.

The BR Report would be published annually.

SECTION E: PRINCIPLE-WISE PERFORMANCE

Principle 1

1.

Does the policy relating to ethics, bribery and corruption cover only the Company? Yes / No.

Does it extend to the group/Joint Ventures/Suppliers/Contractors/NgOs/Others?

No. The Tata Code of Conduct (“TCoC”) governs the process of engagement with all stakeholders with respect to all

business dealings.:

letter and spirit. This also ensures that they

supply us products which promote sustainability. Once

procured, the distribution and delivery process also

factors in optimal route planning for reduction in carbon

footprint.

The other major input for our business is electricity. The

Company sources electricity from power generating

companies which promote and use renewable resources

for power generation. This way also the Company

contributes to reduction in carbon footprint.

4.

Has the Company taken any steps to procure goods

and services from local & small producers, including

communities surrounding their place of work? If

yes, what steps have been taken to improve their

capacity and capability of local and small vendors?

Keeping in mind the primary parameters of quality and

reliability, the Company procures various materials

from local sources, where local is defined as the State

where the Company is offering its telecom services.

The Company also takes initiatives in enhancing the:

Managing Director under

the supervision, direction and control of the Board. The: Managing

letter of appointment is given to him/her, which inter

alia explains the role, function, duties and responsibilities

expected from him/her as a Director of the Company. The

Independent Directors of the Company were also provided

with necessary documents/brochures, reports and internal

policies to familiarize them about the telecom industry,

business operations and functioning of various divisions/

departments of the Company.

As required under Regulation 25(7) and 46 of the Listing

Regulations, the details of Familiarisation program imparted

to the Independent Directors are available on the Company’s

website

at

the

following

weblink:

https://corporate.

tatateleservices.com/Downloads/ttml/Familiarization-

Programmes-upto-FY-2019-2020.pdf

COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD

There are 7 (Seven) Board Committees as on March 31,

2020, which comprises 4 (Four) statutory committees and 3

(Three) other committees that have been formed, considering

the needs of the Company, details of which are as follows:

AuDIT COMMITTEE

Terms of Reference

The terms of reference of the Audit Committee as on March

31, 2020 are broadly as under:

1.

Financial Statements

•

Oversight of the Company’s financial reporting process

and disclosure of its financial information, to ensure that

the financial statements are correct, sufficient & credible.

•

Discuss and review with the management and auditors

the annual / half yearly / quarterly financial statements

and auditor’s report before submission to the Board, with

particular reference to:

o

Matters required to be included in the Directors’

Responsibility Statement in the Board’s report.

o

Disclosure under Management Discussion and

Analysis of financial position and results of

operations.

o

Review of accounting policies, practices &

standards and reasons for change, if any.

o

Major accounting entries involving estimates based

on exercise of judgment by management.

o

Qualifications/modified opinion in the draft audit

report.

o

Significant adjustments made in the financial

statements arising out of audit findings.

o

Compliance with listing and other legal requirements

relating to financial statements.:

Managing Director, Chief Financial

Officer, Statutory Auditors and Internal Auditors. The Cost

Auditor is invited to attend the meeting of the Audit Committee

at which Cost Audit related matters are discussed. The

functional heads are also invited as and when required. The

Company Secretary acts as Secretary to the Committee.

The Audit Committee met at least once in each quarter and the

maximum time gap between two Audit Committee meetings

did not exceed the limit prescribed in Regulation 18 of the

Listing Regulations. 5 (Five) meetings of the Audit Committee

were held during the Year, viz. May 29, 2019; August 7, 2019;

September 20, 2019; November 15, 2019 and February 5,

2020. The composition of the Audit Committee as on March

31, 2020 and the details of attendance of each Member at

these meetings are given below:

Name of the

Member

Category

No. of Meetings

during the Year

Held

Attended

Ms. Hiroo

Mirchandani

(Chairperson)

Independent,

Non-Executive

5

5

Dr. Narendra

Damodar Jadhav

Independent,

Non-Executive

5

5

Mr. Kumar

Ramanathan

(w.e.f. September

24, 2019)

Independent,

Non-Executive

2

1

Mr. Ankur Verma

Non-

Independent,

Non-Executive

5

5

Mr. D. T. Joseph

(upto September

21, 2019)

Independent,

Non-Executive

3

2

The necessary quorum was present at all the meetings.

Chairperson of the Audit Committee was present at the

Annual General Meeting held on September 20, 2019.

NOMINATION AND REMuNERATION COMMITTEE

The role of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee

(“NRC”) is to oversee the selection of Directors and Senior

Management Personnel based on criteria related to the

specific requirement of expertise, independence and

execution. The NRC evaluates the performance of Directors

and Senior Management Personnel based on the expected

performance criteria. NRC also recommends to the Board the

remuneration payable to Directors and Senior Management

Personnel of the Company.

Terms of Reference

The Board has adopted a revised charter of the NRC for its

smooth functioning covering aspects relating to composition,

responsibilities, evaluation process, remuneration, Board

development and reviewing HR strategy. The key terms of

reference of the NRC, inter alia, are:

1.

Board Composition and Succession related:

•

Recommend to the Board the setup and composition

of the Board. This shall include “Formulation of the

criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes

and independence of a director”. This also includes

periodical review of composition of the Board with the

objective of achieving an optimum balance of size, skills,

independence, knowledge, age, gender and experience.:

Managing Director (“MD”)/Executive Directors (“ED”),

KMP, Senior Management and the Executive Team.

•

While formulating such a policy, the Committee shall

ensure that:

o

the level and composition of remuneration is

reasonable and sufficient to attract, retain and

motivate Directors of the quality required to run the

Company successfully;

o

relationship of remuneration to performance is clear

and meets appropriate performance benchmarks;

o

remuneration

to

Directors,

KMP,

Senior

Management and Executive Team involves a

balance between fixed and incentive pay reflecting

short and long-term performance objectives

appropriate to the working of the Company and its

goals.

•

The policy shall be displayed on the website of the

Company. Also the salient features of the policy and any

changes therein, shall be disclosed in the Board’s report

and the web address link shall be indicated therein at

which the complete policy is available.

•

On an annual basis, recommend to the Board the

remuneration payable to Directors, KMP, Senior

Management and Executive Team of the Company. This

includes review and recommendation of actual payment

of annual and long term incentives for MD/EDs, KMP,

Senior Management and Executive Team.

•

Review matters related to remuneration and benefits

payable upon retirement and severance to MD/EDs,

KMP, Senior Management and Executive Team.

•

Review matters related to voluntary retirement and early

separation schemes for the Company.

•

Provide guidelines for remuneration of Directors on

material subsidiaries.

•

As NRC of the parent/holding company, recommend

to the Board of the parent/holding company how the

Company will vote on resolutions for remuneration

of directors on the Boards of its material subsidiary

companies.

•

Assist the Board in fulfilling its corporate governance

responsibilities relating to remuneration of Board, KMP,

Senior Management and Executive Team Members. This

includes review and approval of any information related to

Directors, KMP, Senior Management, Executive Team and

their remuneration to be presented in the annual report or

other external communications (statutory or otherwise).:

Managing Director

Mr. N. Srinath,: Managing Director, did not draw any

remuneration from the Company. No sitting fee or

commission was paid by the Company to Mr. Srinath.

STAKEHOLDERS RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE

Terms of Reference

The terms of reference of the Stakeholders Relationship

Committee (“SRC”) as on March 31, 2020, were as under:

1.

Resolving the grievances of the security holders of

the Company including complaints related to transfer/

transmission of shares, non-receipt of annual report,

non-receipt of declared dividends, issue of new/duplicate

certificates, general meetings etc.

2.

Review of measures taken for effective exercise of

voting rights by the shareholders.

3.

Review of adherence to the service standards adopted

by the Company in respect of various services being

rendered by its Registrar & Share Transfer Agent.

4.

Review of the various measures and initiatives taken by

the Company for reducing the quantum of unclaimed

dividends and ensuring timely receipt of dividend

warrants/annual

reports/statutory

notices

by

the

shareholders of the Company.

5.

The SRC shall meet at least once in a year.

6.

To attend Meeting(s): The

Managing Director. In

addition, the Company has adopted a Code of Conduct for its Non-Executive Directors. Both these codes are available on the

Company’s website.

We confirm that the Company has, in respect of the Financial Year ended March 31, 2020, received from the Senior

Management Team of the Company and the Members of the Board a declaration of compliance with the Code of Conduct as

applicable to them.

For the purpose of this declaration, Senior Management Team means the Chief Financial Officer, employees in the General

Manager cadre and above and the Company Secretary.

Kush Bhatnagar

Vrushali Dhamnaskar

Chief Financial Officer

Assistant Company Secretary

Mumbai

Mumbai

June 2, 2020

June 2, 2020

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQuALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS

(Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C clause (10)(i) of the

SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015)

To,

The Members of,

TATA TELESERVICES (MAHARASHTRA) LIMITED

Voltas Premises, T.B. Kadam Marg,

Chinchpokli, Mumbai – 400033.

I have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the Directors of TATA

TELESERVICES (MAHARASHTRA) LIMITED having CIN: L64200MH1995PLC086354 and having registered office at Voltas

Premises, T. B. Kadam Marg, Chinchpokli, Mumbai – 400033 (hereinafter referred to as ‘the Company’), produced before me

by the Company for the purpose of issuing this Certificate, in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para-C

Sub clause 10(i) of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015.

In my opinion and to the best of my information and according to the verifications (including Directors Identification Number

(DIN) status at the portal www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and explanations furnished to me by the Company & its

officers, I, hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company as stated below for the Financial Year ending

on 31st March, 2020 have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of Companies by the

Securities and Exchange Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs, or any such other Statutory Authority.

Sr.

No.

Name of Director

DIN

Date of appointment in

Company

Date of Cessation in Company

1. Mr. Srinath Narasimhan

00058133

February 01, 2014

The term as a: Managing

letter of credit, debt components of ICDs and

deferred spectrum liability including interest) was Rs. 16,701

(excluding liability component of RPS) Crores as compared to

Rs. 16,289 Crores in the previous year.

The Net Block (including tangible as well as intangible

assets) as at March 31, 2020 decreased to Rs. 680 Crores

as compared to Rs. 718 Crores in the previous year. The

Company has assets under development and Capital Work

in Progress of Rs. 39 Crores and Right of use Assets of Rs.

213 Crores.

Significant Changes in Key Financial Ratios

The key financial ratios are as under:

Particulars

2019-2020

2018-2019

Operating Profit Margin (%)1

40%

53%

Net Profit Margin (%)1 & 2

(341%)

(50%)

Return on Net Worth (%)3

NA

NA

(Rs. in Crores)

(Rs. in Crores):

letter alleging irregularities

in procurement of certain materials for which the

investigation by the Company is yet to be concluded.

Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.

Key audit matters

6.

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our

professional judgment, were of most significance in our

audit of the financial statements of the current period.

These matters were addressed in the context of our

audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in

forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a

separate opinion on these matters.

INDEPENDENT AuDITOR’S REPORT

Key audit matter

How our audit addressed the key audit matter

1.

Accuracy

of

revenue

recorded

for

telecommunication services given the complexity

of the related IT systems

(Refer notes 2.3 and 25 to the financial statements)

The Company’s revenue from telecommunication

services is recorded through complex automated

(IT) structure wherein the data is processed through

multiple systems, which requires periodic reconciliation

controls to ensure completeness and accuracy.

Our audit procedures included control testing and substantive

procedures covering, in particular:

• Understanding and evaluating the relevant IT systems and design

of key controls including procedures on testing of IT general

controls.

• Testing operating effectiveness of key controls over:

a) Capturing and recording of revenue transactions;:

letter obtained from its Promoter Company.

Our procedures included the following :

• Obtained the management assessment of appropriateness of

Going Concern basis of accounting.

• Discussed with the management on future business and their

plans to ensure that the Company is able to meet its financial

obligations in the foreseeable future.

• Read the minutes of board of directors meeting for discussion on

future business plans and on liquidating certain assets to ensure

availability of liquid funds.

• Verified the support: letter obtained by the Company from its

Promoter indicating that Promoter will take necessary actions to

organize for any shortfall in liquidity in Company that may arise

to meet its financial obligations and timely repayment of debt

during the period of 12 months from the balance sheet date.

• Verified the financial ability of the Promoter Company to support

the Company from the latest audited financial statements of the

Promoter Company.

• Verified that the promoter company has supported the Company

in the past when the need arose.

Based on the above procedures, we noted the management

assessment of going concern basis of accounting as appropriate.

Other Information

7.

The Company’s Board of

letter dated May 22, 2019. NCLT, vide its order dated

June 12, 2019 approved July 1, 2019 as the Appointed

Date under the TTML Scheme. On June 24 and 25, 2019,

BAL and TTML filed NCLT orders with the Registrar of

Companies (RoC) Delhi and Mumbai respectively with

the Appointed Date of July 1, 2019. BAL and TTML

informed DoT vide: letter dated June 26, 2019 of NCLT

orders and filing of those with RoC Delhi and Mumbai

and further informed that the merger of Consumer

Mobile Business of TTML to BAL has been completed

with an Appointed and Effective Date of July 1, 2019

and all statutory formalities towards operationalizing

the demerger of the CMB of TTML and consequent

merger/transfer of the said CMB of TTML into BAL have

been completed with an Appointed and Effective Date

of July 1, 2019. DoT appealed against TDSAT orders

in Hon’ble Supreme Court which did not interfere in

the interim orders and directed TDSAT to finally hear

the matter by end of February 2020. Subsequently,

on February 6, 2020, DoT subject to outcome of the

pending BAL petition in TDSAT and any appeal against

the judgement has taken the demerger on record.

The Scheme became effective on July 1, 2019.

Pursuant to the Scheme and related agreements entered

between the Company and BAL, assets and liabilities

pertaining to CMB undertaking have been transferred to

BAL.

As per Scheme:

•

Equity Shareholders of the Company have received

1 BAL Equity share against 2014 shares held on

the effective date.

•

All (and not each) Redeemable Preference Shares

(RPS) Holders of the Company have received 10

RPS of BAL of face value Rs. 100 each in proportion

to their shareholding on the effective date.

Considering the significant operational and financial

interdependencies

of

different

business

units,

management continues to identify the Cash Generating

Unit (CGU) at the Company level. Accordingly, the

disclosure in relation to discontinued operations are not

applicable.

Indemnification:

Pursuant to the Scheme and other related agreements

executed between the Company and BAL, the Company

has transferred certain assets and liabilities, including

contingent liabilities, which are under indemnification. As

agreed between the Company and BAL, all indemnified

liabilities and obligations shall be deemed to have been

Notes forming part of the financial statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2020

letter from its

Promoter indicating that the Promoter will take necessary

actions to organize for any shortfall in liquidity during

the period of 12 months from the balance sheet date.

Based on the above, the Company is confident of its

ability to meet the funds requirement and to continue

its business as a going concern and accordingly, the

financial statements have been prepared on that basis.

1.4 COVID-19 pandemic

Since telecommunication services were identified as an

essential service (vide the Ministry of Home Affairs order

No.40-3/2020 dated March 24, 2020), the Company has

been providing services to its customers during the lock

down period without any major disruptions. With most,

if not all, of our customers across industries shifting to

a work-from-home model, we have provided them with

collaboration and remote working solutions to ensure

their business continuity. However, since our voice and

data connectivity solutions and the underlying physical

circuits typically terminate at customer office locations,

we have seen relatively low usage of voice and data on

these circuits.

The Company has performed assessment and believes

that there is no material impact of COVID-19 situation

in these financial statements. The Company has also

made a detailed assessment of its liquidity position

for the next 12 months from the balance sheet date.

Further, there is no material impact foreseen on revenue

and operating cashflow of the Company. The Company

will continue to monitor any material changes to future

economic conditions.

The Company believes that it has taken into account

all the possible impact of known events arising from

COVID-19 pandemic in the preparation of these

financial statements. However, the impact assessment

of COVID-19 is a continuing process given the

uncertainties associated with its nature and duration.

1.5 During the month of March, 2020, the Company has

received an anonymous: letter alleging irregularities

in procurement of some materials. The Company

immediately appointed an external agency to conduct

forensic investigation, which is in progress. Based on

the current status of the ongoing investigation, robust

procurement processes and robust internal control

procedures, the Company believes that it is unlikely

that there is a material misstatement in financial

statements.

Note 2:

Significant accounting policies

2.1 Basis of preparation of financial statements

These financial statements comply in all material aspects

with Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) notified

under section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’)

[Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015

(as amended)] and other relevant provisions of the Act.

These financial statements have been prepared on

the historical cost basis, except for certain assets and

liabilities which are measured at fair values at the end

of each reporting period, as explained in the accounting

policies below. Historical cost is generally based on the

fair value of the consideration given in exchange for

goods and services. Fair value is the price that would

be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability

in an orderly transaction between market participants at

the measurement date.

The financial statements are presented in Indian Rupees

(“INR”) and all values are rounded to the nearest crores,

except when otherwise indicated.

2.2 Significant accounting estimates and assumptions

The preparation of these financial statements in conformity

with the recognition and measurement principles of Ind

AS requires the management of the Company to make

estimates and assumptions that affect the reported

balances of assets and liabilities, disclosures relating

to contingent liabilities as at the date of the financial

statements and the reported amounts of income and

expense for the periods presented.

Notes forming part of the financial statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2020

letter dated November 13, 2019 directed all

the telecom licensees to undertake self-assessment

and make payment of LF and other dues within

three months in accordance with the Judgment. The

Company and other operators filed review petitions

in SC challenging imposition of penalty and interest

thereon. These petitions were dismissed. The Company

and other operators have filed modification applications

in the SC seeking modification of Supplementary

Order dated October 24, 2019 to allow the Company

and DoT to conduct the exercise for ascertaining and

payment of the amounts due under the Judgment.

These applications were mentioned for listing before

the SC on January 21, 2020 and the SC had ordered

listing of these applications before the bench which gave

the Judgment. On February 14, 2020, the SC passed

an order and listed the applications of the operators for

March 17, 2020, which took place on March 18, 2020.

DoT raised a consolidated demand in Dec 2019 for Rs.

2,555.58 crores towards LF, SUC, interest, penalty and

interest on penalty. The demand also includes additions

on account of CCA disallowances and discrepancies

which are yet to be rectified by DoT.

Based on self-assessment, the Company made a

payment of Rs. 489.39 crores on February 17, 2020. The

Company in good faith and by way of abundant caution,

had also made additional ad-hoc payment of Rs. 150

crores on March 2, 2020 to cover reconciliation and

verification differences with DoT, if any. A modification

petition has been filed by DoT in the SC on March 16,

2020 with respect to giving 20 year period for recovery

of LF dues and to cease the interest after a particular

date. As on date, the matter is still not heard. On March

18, 2020, SC held that no exercise of self-assessment/

re-assessment of the dues which were placed before the

SC is permitted and the said dues need to be deposited,

Notes forming part of the financial statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2020:

Managing Director (upto March 31, 2020) / Non-Executive Director (w.e.f. April 1, 2020)

Mr. D. T. Joseph - Independent, Non-Executive Director (upto September 21, 2019)

Ms. Hiroo Mirchandani - Independent, Non-Executive Director

Mr. Govind Sankaranarayanan - Non-Independent, Non-Executive Director (upto September 27, 2018)

Mr. Ankur Verma - Non-Independent, Non-Executive Director (w.e.f September 29, 2018)

Dr. Narendra Damodar Jadhav - Independent, Non-Executive Director

Mr. Kumar Ramanathan - Independent, Non-Executive Director (w.e.f. September 24, 2019)

Mr. Thambiah Elango - Non-Independent, Non-Executive Director

Mr. Kush S. Bhatnagar - Chief Financial Officer

Notes forming part of the financial statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2020:

