letter dated August 3, 2020 wherein the Company had

informed that the 34th Annual General Meeting (‘AGM’) of the Company will be held at

11:00 hours (IST) on Friday, August 28, 2020, through Video Conferencing (‘VC’) or Other

Audio Visual Means (‘OAVM’), in accordance with the General Circular issued by the

Ministry of Corporate Affairs dated May 5, 2020 read with General Circulars dated April

8, 2020 and April 13, 2020 and SEBI Circular dated May 12, 2020.

Pursuant to Regulation 34(1) of the Listing Regulations, please find enclosed the Annual

Report of the Company along with the Notice of the 34th AGM and other Statutory Reports

for the Financial Year 2019-20, which is also being sent through electronic mode to those

Members whose e-mail addresses are registered with the Company/Registrar and

Transfer Agent/ Depositories.

The

same

is

also

available

on

the

website

of

the

Company

at

https://www.tatacommunications.com/investors/results/.

Thanking you,

Yours faithfully,

For Tata Communications Limited

pp

Manish Sansi

Company Secretary &

General Counsel (India):

Letter from the MD & CEO ........................................ 12

Business Model –

Our Value Creation Philosophy ............................... 16

Leading Transformation –

Founded on Innovation ............................................. 18

Sustainability at Core ................................................ 20

Profile of Board of Directors ................................... 22

Awards and Accomplishments ............................... 26

Corporate Details ......................................................... 28

Standalone Financial Statements

Independent Auditor’s Report ............................... 145

Balance Sheet ............................................................. 154

Statement of Profit and Loss ................................ 155

Cash Flow Statement ............................................... 156

Statement of Changes in Equity .......................... 158

Notes forming part of the

Standalone Financial Statements ......................... 159

Consolidated Financial Statements

Independent Auditor’s Report ...............................222

Consolidated Balance Sheet ................................230

Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss ......231

Consolidated Cash Flow Statement ................... 233

Consolidated Statement of

Changes in Equity ...................................................... 235

Notes forming part of the

Consolidated Financial Statements ................... 237

Form AOC-1 .................................................................. 326

A

C

29-144

Statutory Reports

Notice ............................................................................... 29

Board’s Report ............................................................ 46

Management Discussion & Analysis ................... 68

Corporate Governance Report ............................ 104

Business Responsibility Report ........................... 136

B

www.tatacommunications.com/

investors/:

LETTER FROM

THE MD & CEO

Tata Communications’ purpose to Deliver a New World

of Communications™ has become even more relevant as

we witness and experience unprecedented change on a

global scale following recent world events.

I am proud of our 12,000+ strong team across all the

markets in which we operate. We have an important

role to play in keeping businesses up and running and

our people have, and continue to show, tremendous

amounts of agility, resilience and tenacity during this

time of great need.

Our customers are relying on the connectivity and

solutions we provide more than ever before. We are

helping businesses and mission critical services stay

operational while supporting a huge global population

with the tools and infrastructure to work from home

and keep in touch with loved ones. And we continue

to support businesses successfully adapt to the

“new normal” by offering secure, connected, digital

experiences through our platforms and solutions.

We are helping

businesses and

mission critical

services stay

operational while

supporting a huge

global population

with the tools and

infrastructure to

work from home

and keep in touch

with loved ones.”

DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION:

THE KEY TO UNLOCKING OPPORTUNITY

Although the Covid-19 pandemic has introduced a new

kind of disruption, in many ways it has accelerated

changes that were already well under way. Connectivity

was already multifaceted and all encompassing. It’s

video, it’s mobility, it’s IoT. All delivering opportunities

and experiences that always-connected, cloud-powered

applications offer – for businesses, employees and

consumers.

With physical borders closed, global supply chain

disrupted, how will businesses adapt their enterprise

and workforce mobility to the new norm? With social

distancing measures and changes in consumer habits,

how will businesses adapt to embrace new e-commerce

business models using applications to deliver the right

experiences?

Two things are sure – change is the only constant and

digital will define and shape the experiences in this

new world. Digital will become even more strategically

core as businesses look to transform how they operate,

adopt new ways of working and how they engage

with their audiences and with each other. And we will

witness this appetite to embrace and adopt digital

transformation at a speed – faster than ever before – as

enterprises rapidly rethink how to leverage technology

as they adapt to the future.

This will start by reimagining their networks – the

crucial foundation for any digital business. It also

stretches beyond networks: they need to be able to

virtually collaborate seamlessly; to safeguard their

business against cyber-attacks; and use cloud and IoT

to boost efficiencies and human innovation. Even more

opportunity is still to come as industries ride the next

wave of digital evolution such as Edge computing,

SASE, 5G, Blockchain.

Helping our customers to navigate these complexities

and deliver on this need is at the heart of our being

as a business. We see ‘communications’ as extending

beyond telco. It’s how information is shared and how

people and businesses experience being connected

today and in the future.

OUR ROLE:

THE DIGITAL ECOSYSTEM ENABLER

PROVIDING SECURE, CONNECTED, DIGITAL

EXPERIENCES

An effective and productive digital ecosystem will be

the bedrock for businesses to innovate and to grow.

It is the entire technology ecosystem that plays a role

in digital transformation – encompassing independent

software vendors, system integrators, IT consultants,

product OEMs, value-added-resellers, cloud service

providers, SaaS companies, right through to telecom

providers.

In order to unlock opportunity and drive value for their

business, enterprises must connect the different parts of

this ecosystem together in the right way which can be

complex.

Our lineage of the old telco world, coupled with our

knowledge of the new digital world, sets us apart from

other players in this digital ecosystem.

We understand the nuances of connectivity and

networking, which coupled with our knowledge on

cloud, UCC, mobility, IoT and security, and extensive

partnerships means that we are a long-term partner

in our customers’ digital transformation journey as an

enabler of this ecosystem.: Dear shareholders,

Solutions orientated

approach, proven

managed service

capabilities and

cutting-edge

infrastructure

Global relationships

with 1600+ carriers

Extensive

partnerships with

700+ mobile

network operators

(MNOs)

Integrated solutions

with multiple OEM

vendors in the SD-

WAN and UCC space

and with system

integrators (SIs)

Connecting business

to 60% of the

hyperscale cloud

giants

Mr. Amur S. Lakshminarayanan

Managing

Managing Director and CEO

Tata Communications Limited

We witnessed strong

profitable growth in

our Data business; in

FY20, EBITDA margins

for Data business

expanded by 310 BPs

coming in at 22.1% on

the back of Growth

services’ delivering

H199 crores of EBITDA

for the year.”

15

14

Corporate

Overview

Annual

Report 1920

A:

Managing Director and

CEO of Multiples Alternate Asset Management, a private

equity manager and advisor to funds of ~$1.6 bn. She

has over 30 years of experience in the Indian financial

sector across private equity, investment banking and

structured finance. Ms. Ramnath started her career with

the ICICI Group and had leadership roles in investment

banking, structured finance and e-commerce. She led

ICICI Venture as the MD & CEO to become one of the

largest private equity funds in India. One of the most

experienced private equity fund managers in India,

Ms. Ramnath has a full cycle track record of investing

capital raised from global Institutions. She is a Board

member of EMPEA, the global industry association for

private capital in emerging markets. She is also the

Chairperson of the Executive Committee of Indian

Venture Capital Association. She is a recent winner of

the IVCJ Special Achievement Award.

Ms. Ramnath has obtained a graduate degree in textile

engineering from V.J. Technological Institute (‘VJTI’),

University of Mumbai and a post graduate degree in

management studies from University of Mumbai. She has

also completed the Advanced Management Program

from the Graduate School of Business Administration,

Harvard University.

Mr. Lakshminarayanan has over 35 years of experience

in a broad range of leadership roles across regions and

industries. Through the course of his career, he has

managed and developed scalable businesses, with deep

understanding of the global technology market and

enterprises’ growing digital needs.

Prior to joining Tata Communications,

Mr. Lakshminarayanan was President and CEO of Tata

Consultancy Services Japan, Ltd. where he was in charge

of accelerating the company’s market opportunity and

developing the brand in the region.

Other leadership positions within TCS also include:

Global Head of four P&L units (Telecom, Media &

Information Services, HiTech and Utilities) that grew to

contribute a combined revenue of over $2.4b under his

leadership. He had also held the position of Head of UK

& Europe where he brought significant growth of the

business, resulting in it being recognised as a major IT

player locally in the market.

Mr. Lakshminarayanan has worked in USA, Hong Kong,

Australia, UK, Japan and India. He holds a Degree in

Mechanical Engineering from BITS, Pilani and is an

alumnus of London Business School. He is also a long-

standing member of IEEE.

Mr. N. Srinath is presently the Chief Executive Officer

of the Tata Trusts. He joined Tata Communications

(then known as VSNL) in 2002 as Director (Operations)

when the Tata Group was selected as the strategic

partner at the company. Mr. Srinath was the Managing

Director of Tata Communications Limited from February

2007 till January 31, 2011. Under his leadership, Tata

Communications transformed from a monopoly, public

sector undertaking into a global communications

services provider offering advanced network,

managed and cloud services to customers worldwide.

Mr. Srinath joined Tata Teleservices Limited as non-

executive director in January 2003. He took over as

the: Managing Director of Tata Teleservices Limited

and Tata Teleservices (Maharashtra) Limited from

February 1, 2011 till March 31, 2020. Effective April 1,

2020, Mr. Srinath continues as a non-executive director

of Tata Teleservices Limited and Tata Teleservices

(Maharashtra) Limited.

Since joining the Tata Administrative Services in 1986,

Mr. Srinath has held positions in Project Management,

Sales & Marketing, and Management in different Tata

companies in the ICT sector over the last 33 years.

Mr. Srinath has also served as the Chief Executive Officer

of Tata Internet Services from late 2000 to February

2002 and Chief Operating Officer at Tata Teleservices

Limited in 1999. In the early part of his career, he was

Executive Assistant to the

Managing Director & CEO w.e.f. November 26, 2019)

Mr. N. Srinath

Dr. Uday B. Desai (Independent)

Dr. Maruthi Prasad Tangirala

Dr. Rajesh Sharma

Key Managerial Personnel

Mr. Manish Sansi

Company Secretary & General Counsel (India)

Ms. Pratibha K. Advani

Chief Financial Officer

Registered Office

VSB, Mahatma Gandhi Road, Fort, Mumbai – 400 001

Tel: +91 22 6657 8765

Email: investor.relations@tatacommunications.com

Website: www.tatacommunications.com.

Financial Institutions

Cisco Capital

Export Development Canada (EDC)

US EXIM

Bankers

ANZ Bank

Axis Bank

Bank of America

Bank of Baroda

Bank of Nova Scotia

ING Bank

Citibank Inc.

Deutsche Bank

Development Bank of Singapore (DBS)

Federal Bank

HDFC Bank Ltd.

Hongkong & Shanghai Banking Corporation (HSBC)

ICICI Bank Ltd.

Indian Bank

Indian Overseas Bank

IndusInd Bank Ltd.

JP Morgan Chase Bank NA

Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd.

Punjab National Bank

Ratnakar Bank Limited

Standard Chartered Bank

State Bank of India

Syndicate Bank

Yes Bank Ltd

Legal Advisors

S&R Associates

Cyril Amarchand Mangaldas

Shardul Amarchand Mangaldas & Co

Trilegal

Khaitan & Co.

Statutory Auditors

S.R. Batliboi & Associates LLP,

Chartered Accountants

Registrar & Share Transfer Agents

TSR Darashaw Consultants Private Limited

6/10, Haji Moosa Patrawala Industrial Estate,

20, Dr. E. Moses Road, Near Famous Studio,

Mahalaxmi, Mumbai – 400 011

Tel: (022) 6656 8484, Fax: (022) 6656 8494

E-mail: csg-unit@tsrdarashaw.com,

Website: www.tsrdarashaw.com

29

Annual

Report 1920

NOTICE is hereby given that the 34th Annual General

Meeting of Tata Communications Limited (‘the Company’)

will be held at 11:00 hours (IST) on Friday, August 28,

2020, through Video Conferencing (‘VC’) or Other Audio

Visual Means (‘OAVM’) to transact the following business:

Ordinary Business

1.

Adoption

of

Audited

Standalone

Financial

Statements

To receive, consider and adopt the Audited

Standalone Financial Statements of the Company

for the financial year ended March 31, 2020, together

with the Reports of the Board of Directors and the

Auditors thereon; and

2. Adoption

of

Audited

Consolidated

Financial

Statements

To receive, consider and adopt the Audited

Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company

for the financial year ended March 31, 2020 along

with the Report of the Auditors thereon.

3. Declaration of Dividend

To declare a dividend on equity shares for the

financial year ended March 31, 2020.

4. Appointment of Dr. Maruthi Prasad Tangirala

(DIN: 03609968) as Director, liable to retire by

rotation

To appoint a director in place of Dr. Maruthi Prasad

Tangirala (DIN: 03609968), who retires by rotation

at this annual general meeting and, being eligible,

offers himself for re-appointment.

5. Ratification of appointment of Statutory Auditors

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following

as an Ordinary Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of

Sections 139 and other applicable provisions, if

any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (including any

statutory modification or re-enactment thereof for

the time being in force) and the Companies (Audit

and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended from time to

time, and pursuant to the resolution passed by the

Members at the 31st Annual General Meeting (‘AGM’)

held on June 27, 2017 in respect of appointment of

the auditors, M/s. S.R. Batliboi & Associates LLP,

Chartered Accountants (ICAI Firm Registration No.

101049W / E300004) for a period of five years, till

the conclusion of the AGM to be held in the 2022,

the Company hereby ratifies and confirms the

appointment of M/s. S.R. Batliboi & Associates LLP,

Chartered Accountants (ICAI Firm Registration No.

101049W / E300004) as Auditors of the Company

to hold office from the conclusion of this AGM till the

conclusion of the next and 35th AGM of the Company

to be held in the year 2021, to examine and audit

the accounts of the Company for the financial year

ending March 31, 2021 on such remuneration as may

be mutually agreed upon between the Board of

Directors of the Company and the Auditors.”

Special Business

6. Re-appointment

of

Ms.

Renuka

Ramnath

(DIN: 00147182) as an Independent Director of the

Company

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following

as a Special Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to provisions of Sections

149, 150, 152 and other applicable provisions, if any,

of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) (including any

statutory modification or re-enactment thereof for

the time being in force) read with Schedule IV to the

Act, the Companies (Appointment and Qualification

of Directors) Rules, 2014, and Regulation 17 and

other applicable regulations of the Securities and

Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI

Listing Regulations’), as amended from time to time,

Ms. Renuka Ramnath (DIN: 00147182), who was

appointed as an Independent Director at the twenty-

ninth Annual General Meeting of the Company to hold

office up to December 7, 2019, and was re-appointed

by the Board of Directors as an Independent

Director, subject to approval of the Members, to hold

office for a second term of five years commencing

from December 8, 2019, and who meets the criteria

for independence as provided in Section 149(6)

of the Act along with the rules framed thereunder

and Regulation 16(1)(b) of SEBI Listing Regulations

and who has submitted a declaration to that effect

NOTICE

28

Corporate

Overview A:

Managing Director and Chief

Executive Officer of the Company for a period of

five years commencing from November 26, 2019, on

the terms and conditions set out in the Explanatory

Statement annexed to the Notice convening this

meeting (including the remuneration to be paid in the

event of loss or inadequacy of profits in any financial

year during the tenure of his appointment), with

liberty to the Board of Directors to alter and vary the

terms and conditions of the said appointment in such

manner as may be agreed to between the Board of

Directors and Mr. Lakshminarayanan.

RESOLVED FURTHER that the Board of Directors

of the Company (which term shall be deemed to

include any committee of the Board constituted to

exercise its powers, including the powers conferred

by this Resolution), be and is hereby authorised to

take all such steps as may be necessary, proper and

expedient to give effect to this Resolution.”

8. Ratification of Cost Auditor’s Remuneration

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following

as an Ordinary Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of

Section 148(3) and all other applicable provisions,

if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (including any

statutory modification or re-enactment thereof for

the time being in force) and the Companies (Audit

and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended from time to

time, the Company hereby ratifies the remuneration

of H6 lakhs plus applicable taxes and out of pocket

expenses on actual basis incurred in connection

with the audit capped at 3% of the remuneration,

payable to Ms. Ketki D. Visariya, Cost Accountant

(Membership No: 16028), who has been appointed

by the Board of Directors as the Cost Auditor of the

Company, to conduct the audit of the cost records

maintained by the Company for the financial year

ending March 31, 2021.”

9. Payment

of

Commission

to

Non-Whole-time

Directors of the Company

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following

Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of

Section 197 and other applicable provisions, if any,

of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’), as amended

from time to time, a sum not exceeding one percent

or three percent per annum, as the case may be,

of the net profits of the Company calculated in

accordance with the provisions of Section 198 of the

Act, be paid to and distributed amongst the Directors

of the Company or some or any of them (other than

the: Managing

letter mentioning your name,

folio number, complete address and following

details relating to bank account in which the

dividend is to be received:

i.

Name and Branch of Bank and Bank Account

type;

ii.

Bank Account Number & Type allotted by

your bank after implementation of Core

Banking Solutions;

iii. 11-digit IFSC Code;

b. Self-attested scanned copy of cancelled cheque

bearing the name of the Member or first holder,

in case shares are held jointly;

c.

Self-attested scanned copy of the PAN Card; and

d. Self-attested scanned copy of any document

(such as AADHAR Card, Driving License, Election

Identity Card, Passport) in support of the address

of the Member as registered with the Company.

Members holding shares in electronic form may

please note that their bank details as furnished by

the respective Depositories to the Company will be

considered for remittance of dividend as per the

applicable regulations of the Depositories and the

Company will not entertain any direct request from

such Members for change/addition/deletion in such

bank details. Accordingly, the Members holding

shares in demat form are requested to update

their Electronic Bank Mandate with their respective

Depository Participants.

Further, please note that instructions, if any, already

given by Members in respect of shares held in

physical form, will not be automatically applicable to

the dividend paid on shares held in electronic form.

12. For the Members who are unable to receive the

dividend directly in their bank accounts through

Electronic Clearing Service or any other means, due

to non-registration of the Electronic Bank Mandate,

the Company shall dispatch the dividend warrant/

Bankers’ cheque/ demand draft to such Members,

upon normalisation of postal services and other

activities.

13. As per Regulation 40 of SEBI Listing Regulations,

as amended, securities of listed companies can be

transferred only in dematerialised form with effect

from April 1, 2019, except in case of request received

for transmission or transposition of securities. In

view of this and to eliminate all risks associated

with physical shares and for ease of portfolio

management, members holding shares in physical

form are requested to consider converting their

holdings to dematerialised form. Members can

contact the Company or Company’s R&T Agent - TSR

Darashaw Consultants Private Limited (’TSRDCPL’)

for assistance in this regard.

14. Members are requested to note that, dividends if not

encashed for a consecutive period of 7 years from

the date of transfer to Unpaid Dividend Account

of the Company, are liable to be transferred to the

Investor Education and Protection Fund (‘IEPF’). The

shares in respect of such unclaimed dividends are

also liable to be transferred to the demat account

of the IEPF Authority. In view of this, Members/

Claimants are requested to claim their dividends

from the Company, within the stipulated timeline.

The Members, whose unclaimed dividends/shares

have been transferred to IEPF, may claim the same

by making an application to the IEPF Authority, in

Form No. IEPF-5 available on www.iepf.gov.in. For

details, please refer to the Corporate Governance

Report which is a part of this Annual Report.

15. Members are requested to intimate changes, if

any, pertaining to their name, postal address, email

address, telephone/ mobile numbers, Permanent

Account Number (PAN), mandates, nominations,

power of attorney, bank details such as, name of

the bank and branch details, bank account number,

MICR code, IFSC code, etc., to their DPs in case the

shares are held in electronic form and to TSRDCPL

in case the shares are held in physical form quoting

their folio number. Further, Members may note that

SEBI has mandated the submission of PAN by every

participant in securities market.

16. As per the provisions of Section 72 of the Act,

the facility for making nomination is available

for the Members in respect of the shares held by

them. Members who have not yet registered their

nomination are requested to register the same by

submitting Form No. SH-13. If a Member desires to

cancel the earlier nomination and record a fresh

nomination, he may submit the same in Form SH-14.

The said forms can be downloaded from the website

of TSRDCPL - www.tsrdarashaw.com. Members are

requested to submit the said form to their DP in

case the shares are held in electronic form and to

TSRDCPL in case the shares are held in physical form

quoting their folio number.

17. The format of the Register of Members prescribed

by the MCA under the Act requires the Company/

Registrar and Share Transfer Agents to record

additional details of Members, including their PAN

details, e-mail address, bank details for payment

of dividend etc. A form for capturing additional

details is available on the Company’s website under

the section ‘Investor Relations’ as also attached

to this Annual Report. Members holding shares

in physical form are requested to submit the filled

in form to the Company at investor.relations@

tatacommunications.com or to TSRDCPL in physical

mode, after restoring normalcy or in electronic mode

at csg-unit@tsrdarashaw.com, as per instructions

mentioned in the form. Members holding shares in

electronic form are requested to submit the details

to their respective DP only and not to the Company

or TSRDCPL.

18. Members holding shares in physical form, in identical

order of names, in more than one folio are requested

to send to the Company or TSRDCPL, the details

of such folios together with the share certificates

for consolidating their holdings in one folio. A

consolidated share certificate will be issued to such

Members after making requisite changes.

19. During the AGM, Members may access the electronic

copy of Register of Directors and Key Managerial

Personnel and their shareholding maintained under

Section 170 of the Act and the Register of Contracts

and Arrangements in which Directors are interested

maintained under Section 189 of the Act, upon login

to NSDL e-Voting system at https://www.evoting.

nsdl.com.

20. Members seeking any information with regard to the

accounts or any other matter to be placed at the

AGM or who wish to inspect the relevant documents

referred to in this Notice, are requested to write to

the Company on or before August 21, 2020 through

email

on

investor.relations@tatacommunications.

com mentioning their DP ID & Client ID/Physical Folio

Number. The same will be replied by the Company

suitably.

21. To prevent fraudulent transactions, Members are

advised to exercise due diligence and notify the

Company of any change in address or demise of

any Member as soon as possible. Members are also

advised to not leave their demat account(s) dormant

for long. Periodic statement of holdings should be

obtained from the concerned Depository Participant

and holdings should be verified from time to time.

22. To support the ‘Green Initiative’, Members who

have not yet registered their email addresses are:

letter

etc.

with

attested

specimen signature of the duly authorised

signatory(ies)

who

are

authorised

to

vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to cs@

parikhassociates.com with a copy marked to

evoting@nsdl.co.in.

2.

It is strongly recommended not to share

your password with any other person and

take utmost care to keep your password

confidential. Login to the e-voting website

will be disabled upon five unsuccessful

attempts to key in the correct password. In

such an event, you will need to go through

the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or

“Physical User Reset Password?” option

available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset

the password.

3.

In case of any queries, you may refer the

Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for

Shareholders and e-voting user manual for

Shareholders available at the download

section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on

toll free no.: 1800-222-990 or send a request

to Ms. Pallavi Mhatre at evoting@nsdl.co.in.

By Order of the Board of Directors

Manish Sansi

Company Secretary

New Delhi, June 13, 2020

ACS-10985

Registered Office:

VSB, Mahatma Gandhi Road,

Fort, Mumbai - 400 001.

CIN: L64200MH1986PLC039266

Email address: investor.relations@tatacommunications.com

Website: www.tatacommunications.com

Explanatory Statement

Pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’) the following Explanatory Statement sets out

material facts relating to business mentioned under Item Nos. 5 to 9 of the accompanying Notice.

In respect of Item No. 5

This statement is provided though strictly not required

as per Section 102 of the Act.

At the 31st Annual General Meeting of the Company

held on June 27, 2017, the members had appointed

M/s.

S.R.

Batliboi

&

Associates

LLP,

Chartered

Accountants (Firm Registration No. 101049W / E300004)

as the statutory auditors of the Company to hold office

from the conclusion of the 31st Annual General Meeting till

the conclusion of the 36th Annual General Meeting to be

held in the year 2022, subject to ratification by Members

at every AGM.

In view of the above, and M/s. S.R. Batliboi & Associates

LLP,

Chartered

Accountants,

being

eligible

for

re-appointment, it is proposed that the Members may

ratify the appointment of M/s. S.R. Batliboi & Associates

LLP, Chartered Accountants as Statutory Auditors from

the conclusion of this AGM till the conclusion of the next

AGM.

The Board recommends the Resolution at Item No. 5 for

approval by the Members.

None of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel

(KMP) or their respective relatives are concerned

or interested in the Resolution at Item No. 5 of the

accompanying Notice.

In respect of Item No. 6

At the Annual General Meeting held on September 29,

2015, the members of the Company had approved the

appointment of Ms. Renuka Ramnath (DIN:00147182) as

an Independent Director of the Company to hold office

for a period of five years commencing with effect from

8 December 2014 till 7 December 2019.

As per the provisions of Section 149 of the Companies

Act, 2013, an Independent Director can be re-appointed

with the approval of shareholders by a special resolution

and may hold office for a maximum of two consecutive

terms of up to five years each.

Based on the recommendation of the Nomination &

Remuneration Committee and keeping in view the

contribution of Ms. Ramnath to the Company, the

Board of Directors approved the re-appointment of

Ms. Ramnath as an Independent Director of the Company

for a second term of five years commencing from

8 December 2019 up to 7 December 2024, subject to

approval of the members.

The

Company

has

received

a

declaration

from

Ms. Ramnath that, she is not disqualified from being

re-appointed as an Independent Director in terms of

Section 164 of the Act, and that she meets the criteria

for independence as prescribed under Section 149(6) of

the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the

SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’) and her

consent to be re-appointed as an Independent Director.

In terms of Regulation 25(8) of SEBI Listing Regulations,

Ms. Ramnath has confirmed that she is not aware of

any circumstance or situation which exists or may be

reasonably anticipated that could impair or impact

her ability to discharge her duties as an Independent

Director of the Company. She has further affirmed that

she has completed requisite steps towards the inclusion

of her name in the data bank of Independent Directors

maintained with the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs

in terms of Section 150 read with Rule 6 of the Companies

(Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014.

The Company has received a notice in writing from

a Member under Section 160(1) of the Act proposing

Ms. Ramnath’s candidature for the office of Director. The

resolution set-forth in Item No. 6 seeks the approval of

members in terms of Section 149 and other applicable

provisions of the Act, read with Schedule IV of the Act

and Rules made thereunder, for re-appointment of

Ms. Ramnath as an Independent Director of the Company

for a second term of five years commencing from

8 December 2019 up to 7 December 2024.

Based on the performance evaluation of the Independent

Directors and as per the recommendation of the

Nomination and Remuneration Committee, given her

background, integrity, experience and contribution, the

Board is of the opinion that Ms. Ramnath’s continued

association would be of immense benefit to the

Company and it is therefore desirable to continue her

appointment as an Independent Director. In the opinion

of the Board, Ms. Ramnath fulfills the conditions for her

re-appointment as an Independent Director as specified

in the Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations and is

independent of the management. A copy of the draft:

letter of appointment of Ms. Renuka Ramnath, setting

out the terms and conditions is available for inspection

by the members. Members who wish to inspect the

same may write to the Company Secretary at investor.

relations@tatacommunications.com.

If re-appointed, Ms. Ramnath will act as a Non-Executive

Independent Director whose office shall not be liable to

retire by rotation.

Keeping

in

view

Ms.

Ramnath’s

experience

and

contributions to the Company, her re-appointment as an

Independent Director is recommended.

The Board recommends the Resolution at Item No. 6 for

approval by the Members.

None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel

(KMP) or their respective relatives except Ms. Ramnath

is concerned or interested in the Resolution at Item No. 6

of the accompanying Notice.

Brief profile of Ms. Ramnath is given below:

Ms. Ramnath is the Founder,: Managing

letter and commit to

assure its implementation.

3.

Summary termination of employment

The employment of the MD&CEO may be

terminated by the Company without notice:

a.

if the MD&CEO is found guilty of any

gross negligence, default or misconduct in

connection with or affecting the business of

the Company or any subsidiary or associated

company to which he is required by the

Appointment to render services;

or

b. in the event of any serious or repeated or

continuing breach (after prior warning)

or non-observance by the MD&CEO of

any of the stipulations contained in the

Appointment.

4. Termination due to physical/ mental incapacity

In the event the MD&CEO is not in a position to

discharge his official duties due to any physical

or mental incapacity, the Board shall be entitled

to terminate this appointment on such terms

as the Board may consider appropriate in the

circumstances.

5.

Resignation from directorships

Upon the termination by whatever means of his

employment under the Appointment:

a.

the MD&CEO shall immediately cease to hold

offices held by him in any holding company,

subsidiaries or associate companies by virtue

of Section 167 (1)(h) of the Act, without claim

for compensation for loss of office.

b. the MD&CEO shall not without the consent

of the Company at any time thereafter

represent himself as connected with the

Company or any of the subsidiaries and

associated companies.

6.

Appointment co-terminus with employment/

directorship

If and when this Appointment expires or is

terminated for any reason whatsoever, Mr.

Lakshminarayanan will cease to be the MD&CEO

and also cease to be a Director.

7.

Personnel Policies

All Personnel Policies of the Company and

the related Rules which are applicable to

other employees of the Company shall also be

applicable to the MD&CEO, unless specifically

provided otherwise.

The terms and conditions of appointment of the

MD & CEO also inter alia include clauses pertaining

to no conflict of interest with the Company,

protection and use of intellectual properties

and maintenance of confidentiality. Members

who wish to inspect the agreement executed

between the Company and MD & CEO, setting

out the terms and conditions of his appointment

may write to the Company Secretary at investor.

relations@tatacommunications.com.

Details

of

remuneration

paid

/drawn

by

Mr. Lakshminarayanan for the financial year

2019-20

are

given

in

the

Corporate

Governance

Report,

which

is

part

of

this

Annual

Report.

Further

details

of

Mr. Lakshminarayanan have been given in the

Annexure to this Notice.

Mr. Lakshminarayanan is not disqualified from

being a Director in terms of Section 164 of

the Act. In compliance with the provisions

of Sections 196 and 197 and other applicable

provisions of the Act, read with Schedule V to the

Act, the terms of appointment and remuneration

of Mr. Lakshminarayanan as specified above, are

placed before the Members for their approval.

The Board recommends the Resolution at Item

No. 7 for approval by the Members.

None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel

(KMP) or their respective relatives except

Mr.

Lakshminarayanan

is

concerned

or

interested in the Resolution at Item No. 7 of the

accompanying Notice.

Brief profile of Mr. Lakshminarayanan is given

below:

Mr. Lakshminarayanan has over 35 years of

experience in a broad range of leadership roles

across regions and industries. Through the course

of his career, he has managed and developed

scalable businesses, with deep understanding of

the global technology market and enterprises’

growing digital needs.

Prior

to

joining

Tata

Communications,

Mr. Lakshminarayanan was President and CEO

of Tata Consultancy Services Japan, Ltd. where

he was in charge of accelerating the company’s

market opportunity and developing the brand in

the region.

Other leadership positions within TCS also

include: Global Head of four P&L units (Telecom,

Media & Information Services, HiTech and

Utilities) that grew to contribute a combined

revenue of over $2.4b under his leadership.

He had also held the position of Head of UK &

Europe where he brought significant growth of

the business, resulting in it being recognised as a

major IT player locally in the market.

Mr. Lakshminarayanan has worked in USA, Hong

Kong, Australia, UK, Japan and India. He holds

a Degree in Mechanical Engineering from BITS,

Pilani and is an alumnus of London Business

School. He is also a long-standing member of

IEEE.

In respect of Item No. 8

The Company is required under the provisions of Section

148 of the Act read with the Companies (Cost Records

and Audit) Rules, 2014, as amended from time to time,

to have the audit of its cost records conducted by a Cost

Accountant. Further, in accordance with the provisions

of Section 148 of the Act read with the Companies (Audit

and Auditors) Rules, 2014, the remuneration payable to

the Cost Auditors has to be ratified by the Members of

the Company.

The Board, on the recommendation of the Audit

Committee,

has

approved

the

appointment

and

remuneration of Ms. Ketki D. Visariya, Cost Accountant,

(Membership No: 16028) as Cost Auditor to conduct the

audit of the cost records of the Company for the financial

year ending March 31, 2021. Accordingly, under the

authority from the Board of Directors, the remuneration

of the Cost Auditor was fixed at H6 lakhs plus applicable

taxes and out of pocket expenses on actual basis capped

at 3% of the remuneration.

Accordingly, consent of the Members is sought by way

of an Ordinary Resolution as set out at Item No. 8 of the

accompanying Notice for ratification of the remuneration

amounting to H6 lakhs plus applicable taxes and out

of pocket expenses on actual basis capped at 3% of

the remuneration, payable to the Cost Auditor for the

financial year ending March 31, 2021.

The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set out

at Item No. 8 of the Notice for approval by the members.

None of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel

(KMP) or their respective relatives are concerned

or interested in the Resolution at Item No. 8 of the

accompanying Notice.

In respect of Item No. 9

At the Annual General Meeting of the Company held on

September 29, 2015, the Members had approved the:

Managing Director and Whole-time

Director(s)] not exceeding 1% (one percent) per annum

of the net profits of the Company for each year of a

period of five years commencing from April 1, 2015.

According to Section 197 of the Companies Act, 2013

the approval of the Members is required for the payment

of commission to the non-executive directors (director

other than: Managing Director and Whole-time Directors)

up to 1% (one percent) or 3% (three percent) as the case

may be, of the Net profits of the Company.

Further, as per the provisions of Clause 17(6) of the

SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015, all fees/ compensation (except

sitting fees), if any, paid to the non-executive directors

including independent directors shall be recommended

by the Board of Directors and shall require approval of

the shareholders at a General Meeting.

Accordingly, it is proposed to seek fresh approval of

the Members of the Company by way of an Ordinary

Resolution as required under Section 197 of the Companies

Act, 2013 and also under the SEBI Listing Regulations for

payment of commission for a period commencing from

April 1, 2020, at the rate not exceeding 1% (one percent)

or 3% (three percent) as the case may be, of the net

profits of the Company for each financial year computed

in accordance with the provisions of the Act. This

remuneration will be distributed amongst all or some of

the Directors in accordance with the directions given by

the Board (which includes any committee thereof). The

above remuneration shall be over and above the sitting

fees paid to the Directors for attending the meeting of

the Board and/or Committees thereof.

The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution ser out

at Item No. 9 of the Notice for approval of the members.

None of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of

the Company or their respective relatives, except the

Non-Executive Directors of the Company to the extent

of remuneration that may be received by such directors,

is concerned or interested in the Resolution mentioned

at Item No.9 of the Notice.

By Order of the Board of Directors

Manish Sansi

Company Secretary

New Delhi, June 13, 2020

ACS-10985

Registered Office:

VSB, Mahatma Gandhi Road,

Fort, Mumbai - 400 001.

CIN: L64200MH1986PLC039266

Email address: investor.relations@tatacommunications.com

Website: www.tatacommunications.com

Details of Directors Seeking Appointment / Re-Appointment at the 34th Annual General Meeting

Particulars

Dr. Maruthi Prasad

Tangirala

Ms. Renuka Ramnath

Mr. Amur Swaminathan

Lakshminarayanan

Date of Birth

July 25, 1965

September 14, 1961

April 13, 1961

Age

54

58

59

DIN

03609968

00147182

08616830

Date of Appointment

March 5, 2019

December 8, 2019

November 26, 2019

Qualifications

Bachelor’s Degree in

Civil Engineering,

PGDM

MPhil.

Ph.D

Bachelor of Engineering from

VJTI, University of Mumbai

MBA from the University of

Mumbai.

Advanced Management

Program, the International

Senior Managers Program

from the Graduate School

of Business Administration,

Harvard University.

Degree in Mechanical

Engineering from BITS,

Pilani

Alumnus of London

Business School.

Expertise in specific

functional area

Revenue assurance,

Law, Governance and

Civil Engineering

Over 30 years of experience

in the Indian financial sector

across private equity,

investment banking and

structured finance.

Deep understanding of the

global technology market

and enterprises’ growing

digital needs.

Directorships held in other

public companies (excluding

foreign companies, private

companies and Section 8

companies)

Nil

• Arvind Limited

• PVR Limited

• Vastu Housing Finance

Corporation Limited.

• TV18 Broadcast Limited

• Institutional Investor

Advisory Services India

Limited

NIL

Memberships/

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of

the Company with effect from November 26, 2019.

A resolution seeking shareholders’ approval for his

appointment forms part of the Notice.

Dr. Maruthi Prasad Tangirala retires by rotation and being

eligible, offers himself for re-appointment. A resolution

seeking shareholders’ approval for his re-appointment

forms part of the Notice.

Ms. Renuka Ramnath was appointed as an independent

director at the 29th Annual General Meeting (‘AGM’) held

on Tuesday, September 29, 2015 for a period of five

years. Based on the recommendation of the Nomination

and Remuneration Committee, her re-appointment for

a second term of five years is proposed at the ensuing

AGM for the approval of the shareholders by way of a

special resolution.

During the year under review, Mr. Vinod Kumar tendered

his resignation as the: Managing

Managing Director and CEO w.e.f. July 5, 2019, the

strength of the Board of Directors of the Company

was 5, which fell below the prescribed requirement of

6 directors for top 1000 listed entities. The Nomination

and Remuneration Committee (“NRC”) and the Board

of Directors of the Company immediately initiated the

process of identifying a suitable successor to be appointed

as the MD & CEO of the Company. After due process, at

their respective meetings held on July 30, 2019, the NRC

and the Board identified Mr. Amur S. Lakshminarayanan

to take up the position of the MD & CEO of the Company.

However, in terms of the permissions granted by the

Ministry of Information & Broadcasting (‘MIB’) to setup

Teleports at certain places, it was mandatory for the

Company to adhere to the Policy Guidelines for Uplinking

of Television Channels from India dated December

5, 2011. The said Policy Guidelines make it obligatory

on the part of the Company to take prior permission

from the MIB before effecting any change in the Chief

Executive Officer / Board of Directors of the Company.

Accordingly, immediately after the NRC and the Board

of Directors identified Mr. Amur S. Lakshminarayanan

to be appointed as the MD & CEO of the Company, an

application was made to the MIB on August 2, 2019 for

the above mentioned necessary regulatory approval.

The Company received approval of the MIB on November

22, 2019, upon receipt of which the Board of Directors,

promptly, appointed Mr. Amur S. Lakshminarayanan as

the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Chairman

DIN: 08616830

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

DIN: 00058133:

Managing Director, Whole-time Directors and/or Manager

(H in crores)

Secured Loans

excluding

deposits1

Unsecured

Loans2

Deposits3

Total

Indebtedness

Indebtedness at the beginning of the financial year

i) Principal Amount

-

451.14

-

451.14

ii) Interest due but not paid

-

-

-

-

iii) Interest accrued but not due

-

12.36

-

12.36

Total (i+ii+iii)

-

463.50

-

463.50

Change in Indebtedness during the financial year

Addition

-

332.95

-

332.95

Reduction

-

256.58

-

256.58

Net Change

-

76.37

-

76.37

Indebtedness at the end of the financial year

i) Principal Amount

-

527.76

-

527.76

ii) Interest due but not paid

-

-

-

-

iii) Interest accrued but not due

-

3.11

-

3.11

Total (i+ii+iii)

-

530.87

-

530.87

(H in lakhs)

Sr.

No.

Particulars of Remuneration

Name of MD/WTD/ Manager

Total Amount

Mr. Vinod Kumar *: Managing

letter dated

September 7, 2000. The GoI also gave the Company

an assurance that it would consider additional

compensation, if found necessary, following a detailed

review of its decision to open up the ILD market.

Contrary to its assurances, on January 18, 2002,

the GoI issued a further: letter to the Company,

unilaterally declaring that the compensation package

provided in its original letter was to be treated as

full and final settlement of every sort of claim against

the early termination of the Company’s exclusivity

rights in the ILD business. The Company filed a suit

in the Bombay High Court in 2005. On July 7, 2010,

the Bombay High Court ruled that it did not have the

jurisdiction to hear this suit, in view of the provisions

of the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India Act,

1997. Aggrieved by the said order, the Company

instituted an appeal before a division bench of the

Bombay High Court on various grounds. This appeal

is yet to come up for a hearing.

Managing Director and

the Executive Directors. In addition, the Company

has adopted a Code of Conduct for its non-executive

directors which includes the Code of Conduct for

Independent Directors which suitably incorporates

the duties of independent directors as laid down in

the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’). The Company’s

corporate governance philosophy has been further

strengthened through the Tata Business Excellence

Model and Tata Communications Limited’s Code of

Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading and the

Code of Corporate Disclosure Practices (‘Insider

Trading Code’). The Company has in place an

Information Security Policy that ensures proper

utilization of IT resources.

The Company is in compliance with the requirements

stipulated under the Securities and Exchange

Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing

Regulations’), as applicable, with regard to corporate

governance (including relaxations granted by SEBI in

the wake of COVID-19).

II. Board of Directors

i.

As on March 31, 2020, the Company has six

Directors. One is an executive director and the

remaining five are non-executive directors.

Amongst the non-executive directors, two are

independent and two are nominee directors of

the Government of India. Ms. Renuka Ramnath,

a

non-executive

independent

director,

is

the Chairperson of the Board. The profiles

of Directors can be found on https://www.

tatacommunications.com/investors/board/. The

composition of the Board is in conformity with

Regulation 17 of the SEBI Listing Regulations

read with Section 149 of the Act.

Subsequent to the resignation of Mr. Vinod Kumar

–: Managing Director and CEO w.e.f. July 5, 2019,

the strength of the Board of Directors of the

Company was 5, which fell below the prescribed

requirement of 6 directors for top 1000 listed

entities. The Nomination and Remuneration

Committee (‘NRC’) and the Board of Directors

of the Company immediately initiated the

process of identifying a suitable successor to

be appointed as the MD & CEO of the Company.

After due process, at their respective meetings

held on July 30, 2019, the NRC and the Board

identified Mr. Amur S. Lakshminarayanan to take

up the position of the MD & CEO of the Company.

However, in terms of the permissions granted

by the Ministry of Information & Broadcasting

(‘MIB’) to setup a Teleports at certain places, it

was mandatory for the Company to adhere to

the Policy Guidelines for Uplinking of Television

Channels from India dated December 5, 2011. The

said Policy Guidelines make it obligatory on the

part of the Company to take prior permission

from the MIB before effecting any change in the

Chief Executive Officer / Board of Directors of

the Company. Accordingly, immediately after

the NRC and the Board of Directors identified

Mr. Amur S. Lakshminarayanan to be appointed

as the MD & CEO of the Company, an application

was made to the MIB on August 2, 2019 for the

above mentioned necessary regulatory approval.

The Company received approval of the MIB

on November 22, 2019, upon receipt of which

the Board of Directors, promptly, appointed

Mr. Amur S. Lakshminarayanan as the Managing

Director and Chief Executive Officer of the

Company with effect from November 26, 2019.

For the period between July 5, 2019 and

November 26, 2019 the Company had 5 Directors,

which was below the prescribed requirement of 6

directors for top 1000 listed entities. Thereafter,

the composition of the Board of Directors was

in compliance with the prescribed requirements

under Regulation 17(1) of the SEBI Listing

Regulations.

Board changes this year:

Mr. Amur S. Lakshminarayanan was appointed

as the Managing Director and Chief Executive

Officer of the Company with effect from

November 26, 2019, subject to approval of the

shareholders. A resolution seeking shareholders’

approval for his appointment forms part of the

Notice.

Dr. Maruthi Prasad Tangirala retires by rotation

and being eligible, offers himself for re-

appointment. A resolution seeking shareholders’

approval for his re-appointment forms part of

the Notice.

Ms. Renuka Ramnath was appointed as an

independent director at the 29th Annual General

Meeting (‘AGM’) held on Tuesday, September 29,

2015 for a period of five years commencing from

December 8, 2014 up to December 7, 2019. Based

on the recommendation of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee, her re-appointment

for a second term of five years commencing

from December 8, 2019 up to December 7, 2024

was approved by the Board of Directors and is

proposed at the ensuing AGM for the approval

of the Members by way of a special resolution.

During the year under review, Mr. Vinod Kumar

tendered his resignation as the Managing

Director & CEO of the Company with effect from

the close of business hours on July 5, 2019. The

Board places on record its appreciation for his

invaluable contribution and guidance.

ii.

None of the Directors on the Board held

directorships in more than 8 listed entities at

any point during the financial year ended March

31, 2020. None of the Independent Directors

serves as an independent director on more than

7 listed entities. Necessary disclosures regarding

Committee positions in other public companies

as on March 31, 2020 have been made by the

Directors. None of the Directors is related to the

other.

iii. Independent Directors are non-executive directors

as defined under Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI

Listing Regulations read with Section 149(6) of the

Act along with rules framed thereunder. In terms

of Regulation 25(8) of SEBI Listing Regulations,

they have confirmed that they are not aware of

any circumstance or situation which exists or may

be reasonably anticipated that could impair or

impact their ability to discharge their duties. Based

on the declarations received from the Independent

Directors, the Board of Directors has confirmed

that they meet the criteria of independence as

mentioned under Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI

Listing Regulations and that they are independent

of the management. The Independent Directors

have also affirmed that they have completed

requisite steps towards the inclusion of their

names in the data bank of Independent Directors

maintained with the Indian Institute of Corporate

Affairs in terms of Section 150 of the Act, read

with Rule 6 of the Companies (Appointment and

Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014.

iv. Nine Board Meetings were held during the year

under review and the gap between two meetings

did not exceed 120 days. The said meetings were

held on:

May 8, 2019

June 7, 2019

July 2, 2019

July 30, 2019

August 2, 2019 November 8,

2019

November

26, 2019

January 22,

2020

March

31, 2020

The necessary quorum was present for all the

meetings.

v.

The names and categories of the Directors on the

Board, their attendance at Board Meetings held

during the year under review and at the last AGM,

name of other listed entities in which the Director

is a director and the number of Directorships

and Committee

Managing Director & CEO

(w.e.f. November 26, 2019)

DIN: 08616830

2

N.A.

-

1

-

-

-

-

Mr. Vinod Kumar: Managing Director & CEO

(up to July 5, 2019)

DIN: 01204665

2

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

Non-Executive Independent Directors

Ms. Renuka Ramnath

Chairperson

DIN: 00147182

9

Yes

2

6

1

1

Arvind Limited

NE - ID

TV18 Broadcast

Limited

NE – ID

PVR Limited

NE

Dr. Uday B Desai

DIN: 01735464

9

Yes

-

3

1

2

-

-

Non-Executive Non-Independent Directors

Mr. N. Srinath

DIN: 00058133

8

Yes

-

4

-

2

Tata Teleservices

(Maharashtra) Limited

MD

(up to March

31, 2020)

Dr. Rajesh Sharma

DIN: 08200125

8

Yes

-

2

-

1

ITI Limited

NE – ID

(Nominee)

Dr. Maruthi Prasad

Tangirala

DIN: 03609968

9

Yes

-

1

-

1

-

-

MD – Managing Director; NE – Non-Executive Director; ID – Independent Director

* Excludes directorships of associations, private limited companies, Section 8 companies or companies incorporated outside India.

** Represents

Managing Director. It does not have any

employee stock option scheme.

The NRC decides on annual increments for the: Managing

Managing Director and CEO w.e.f. July

5, 2019, the strength of the Board of Directors

of the Company was 5, which fell below the

prescribed requirement of 6 directors for

top 1000 listed entities. The Nomination and

Remuneration Committee (“NRC”) and the

Board of Directors of the Company immediately

initiated the process of identifying a suitable

successor to be appointed as the MD & CEO

of the Company. After due process, at their

respective meetings held on July 30, 2019,

the NRC and the Board identified Mr. Amur

S. Lakshminarayanan to take up the position

of the MD & CEO of the Company. However,

in terms of the permissions granted by the

Ministry of Information & Broadcasting (‘MIB’)

to setup Teleports at certain places, it was

mandatory for the Company to adhere to the

Policy Guidelines for Uplinking of Television

Channels from India dated December 5, 2011.

The said Policy Guidelines make it obligatory

on the part of the Company to take prior

permission from the MIB before effecting any

change in the Chief Executive Officer / Board

of Directors of the Company. Accordingly,

immediately after the NRC and the Board of

Directors identified

Particulars

Regulations

Details

Website link for

details/policy

Mr. Amur S. Lakshminarayanan to be appointed

as the MD & CEO of the Company, an

application was made to the MIB on August

2, 2019 for the above mentioned necessary

regulatory approval.

The Company received approval of the MIB on

November 22, 2019, upon receipt of which the

Board of Directors, promptly, appointed Mr.

Amur S. Lakshminarayanan as the Managing

Director and Chief Executive Officer of the

Company with effect from November 26, 2019.

For the period between July 5, 2019 and

November 26, 2019 the Company had 5

Directors, which was below the prescribed

requirement of 6 directors for top 1000 listed

entities. Thereafter, the composition of the

Board of Directors was in compliance with the

prescribed requirements under Regulation 17(1)

of the SEBI Listing Regulations.

In compliance with the letters received from

the Stock Exchanges for non-compliance with

Regulation 17(1) – having less than six directors

on the Board for a period of 52 days, the

Company has made the payments of penalty

levied, under protest.

Whistle Blower

Policy and Vigil

Mechanism

Regulation 22

of SEBI Listing

Regulations

The Company has a Whistle Blower Policy and

has established the necessary vigil mechanism

for directors and employees to report concerns

about unethical behaviour. No person has been

denied access to the Chairman of the Audit

Committee. The said policy has been uploaded

on the website of the Company.

https://www.

tatacommunications.

com/investors/

governance/

Discretionary

requirements

Schedule II

Part E of the

SEBI Listing

Regulations

The half-yearly financial performance of the

Company for the period ended September 30,

2019 was sent to every member in November

2019.

The auditors’ report on financial statements of

the Company are unqualified.

Internal auditors of the Company, make

presentations to the audit committee on their

reports.:

Managing Director, on

the compliance declarations received from

Independent Directors, Non-Executive Directors

and Senior Management.

http://www.

tatacommunications.

com/investor-

relations/

governance.

Particulars

Regulations

Details

Website link for

details/policy

Dividend

Distribution Policy

Regulation 43A of

the SEBI Listing

Regulations

The Company believes in enhancing

shareholders’ returns on an ongoing basis.

The Board has the discretionary power to

recommend the dividend. When deciding on

the dividend pay-out, the Board may consider

various parameters including, but not limited

to, profits earned in the financial year, the

Company’s past performance, expansion plans,

taxation and statutory regulations, and money

market conditions.

The Board of Directors has approved the

Dividend Distribution Policy, as per Regulation

43A of the SEBI Listing Regulations. The

Dividend Distribution Policy lists the key factors

that may affect the decision to pay out earnings

in the form of dividends

http://www.

tatacommunications.

com/investor-

relations/

governance.

Terms of

Appointment

of Independent

Directors

Regulation 46

of SEBI Listing

Regulations and

Section 149 read

with Schedule IV

of the Act

Terms and conditions of appointment/re-

appointment of Independent Directors are

available on the Company’s website.

http://www.

tatacommunications.

com/investor-

relations/governance

Familiarization

Programme

Regulations

25(7) and 46

of SEBI Listing

Regulations

The details of familiarization programme for

independent directors is available on the

Company’s website.

http://www.

tatacommunications.

com/investor-

relations/governance

Disclosure under

the Sexual

Harassment

of Women at

Workplace

(Prevention,

Prohibition

and Redressal) Act,

2018

The Company has in place a charter under the

Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace

(Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act,

2013,

The details of instances of complaints under the

Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace

(Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act,

2013, for the financial year 2019-20 have been

disclosed as part of the Business Responsibility

Report.

http://www.

tatacommunications.

com/investor-

relations/

governance.:

Managing Director and CEO of the Company hereby declare that all the members of

Board of Directors and Senior Management Personnel have affirmed compliance with Code of Conduct, as applicable

to them, in respect of the financial year 2019-20.

For Tata Communications Limited

Amur S. Lakshminarayanan

Place Mumbai: Managing

Managing Director

and Chief Executive Officer with effect from 5 July

2019, the strength of the Board of Directors of the

Company was 5, which was below the prescribed

requirement of 6 directors for top 1000 listed

entities. The Company appointed Mr. Amur S.

Lakshminarayanan as: Managing

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. My responsibility is to

express an opinion on these secretarial records based on my audit.

2.

I have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on the test basis to ensure that

correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. I believe that the process and practices, I followed, provide

reasonable basis for my opinion.

3.

I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of accounts of the Company.

4. Wherever required, I have obtained the management representation about the compliance of the laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations and standards is the

responsibility of the management. My examination was limited to the verification of procedure on test basis.

6.

The secretarial audit report is neither an assurance as to future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

(U.C. SHUKLA)

Date: 04/08/2020

COMPANY SECRETARY

Place: Mumbai

FCS: 2727/CP: 1654

The Board of Directors

Tata Communications Limited

VSB, Mahatma Gandhi

Road, Fort

Mumbai 400 001

I have examined the registers, records, books, form, returns and disclosures received from the Directors of Tata

Communications Limited, (CIN L64200MH1986PLC039266), having Registered Office at VSB, Mahatma Gandhi Road,

Fort, Mumbai 400 001 (the Company), produced before me by the Company for the purpose of issuing this Certificate

in pursuance to Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para-C Sub-clause 10(i) of the Securities Exchange Board of

India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

In my opinion and to the best of my information and according to the verification (including Director Identification

Number (DIN) status on MCA website) as considered necessary and explanation furnished to me by the Company and

its officers, I hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company as stated below for the financial

year ended on 31st March, 2020 has been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of

companies by the Securities and Exchange Board of India and/or Ministry of Corporate Affairs:

Sr. No: Name of the Director

DIN

Date of first

Appointment in the

Company

1)

Mr. Amur S. Lakshminarayanan

(DIN: 08616830): Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Section D: BR Information

b) Details of the BR head

S.

No.

Particulars

Details

1.

DIN Number

(if applicable)

NA

2.

Name

Aadesh Goyal

3.

Designation

Chief Human Resource

Officer & Global HR Head

4.

Telephone number +91 11 66505060

5.

e-mail id

aadesh.goyal@

tatacommunications.com

Business

should

conduct

and

govern themselves with ethics,

transparency and accountability.

Principle 1

Business should respect the interests

of, and be responsive towards all

stakeholders, especially those who

are disadvantaged, vulnerable and

marginalised.

Principle 4

Business,

when

engaged

in

influencing public and regulatory

policy, should do so in a responsible

manner.

Principle 7

Business should provide goods

and services that are safe and

contribute

to

sustainability

throughout their life cycle.

Principle 2

Business should respect and

promote human rights.

Principle 5

Business

should

support

inclusive growth and equitable

development.

Principle 8

Business should promote the

wellbeing of all employees.

Principle 3

Business should respect, protect

and make efforts to restore

environment.

Principle 6

Business should engage with

and provide value to their

customers and consumers in a

responsible manner.

Principle 9:

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No. 93283

Mumbai

Mumbai

PRATIBHA K. ADVANI

MANISH SANSI

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

New Delhi

New Delhi

New Delhi

Dated: 13 June 2020

Dated: 13 June 2020

(H in crores)

Particulars

Note

For the year ended

31 March 2020

For the year ended

31 March 2019

INCOME

I

Revenue from Operations

5,750.33

5,389.13

II

Other income

22

180.27

92.23

III Total income (I + II)

5,930.60

5,481.36

IV EXPENSES

Network and transmission

23

1,842.35

2,183.66

Employee benefits

24

998.83

921.25

Operating and other expenses

25

1,337.09

1,058.25

Finance cost

27

55.19

36.12

Depreciation and amortisation

26

977.44

890.88

Total expenses

5,210.90

5,090.16

V

Profit before exceptional items and taxes (III-IV)

719.70

391.20

VI Exceptional items

28

(346.15)

(666.97)

VII Profit/ (Loss) before tax (V+VI)

373.55

(275.77)

VIII Tax expense

32

(a) Current tax

238.48

223.83

(b)Deferred tax

(73.71)

(57.28)

IX Profit/ (Loss) for the year (VII - VIII)

208.78

(442.32)

X

Other comprehensive income/ (loss)

a.

Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

(i) Remeasurement of the defined benefit plans

(42.77)

(13.62)

(ii) Equity instruments through other comprehensive

income

-

-

b. Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to

profit or loss

10.76

4.76

Total other comprehensive income/ (loss) (a+b)

(32.01)

(8.86)

XI Total comprehensive income/ (loss) for the year (IX+X)

176.77

(451.18)

XII Earnings per equity share

Basic and diluted (of H 10 each)

35

7.33

(15.52)

Statement of Profit and Loss for the year ended 31 March 2020

(H in crores)

Particulars

Note

As at

31 March 2020

As at

31 March 2019

A

ASSETS

(1) Non-current assets

(a) Property, plant and equipment

3

3,804.01

3,834.25

(b) Capital work-in-progress

117.29

190.78

(c) Right of Use asset

4

573.67

-

(d) Investment property

5

298.42

262.00

(e) Other intangible assets

6

478.58

454.18

(f) Intangible assets under development

32.18

19.53

(g) Investment property under development

97.74

46.82

(h) Financial assets

(i) Investments

7A

3,472.97

3,423.59

(ii) Other financial assets

8A

90.90

104.72

(i) Deferred tax assets (net)

9

318.03

235.63

(j) Advance tax (net)

1,414.01

1,420.78

(k) Other assets

10A

103.65

250.86

Total non-current assets

10,801.45

10,243.14

(2) Current assets

(a) Inventories

68.32

63.10

(b) Financial assets

(i) Other investments

7B

564.77

449.44

(ii) Trade receivables

11

1,299.69

1,296.68

(iii) Cash and cash equivalents

12

162.95

146.24

(iv) Other bank balances

13

0.77

3.49

(v) Other financial assets

8B

135.61

108.13

(c) Other assets

10B

339.03

301.63

2,571.14

2,368.71

Assets classified as held for sale

14

117.10

2.11

Total current assets

2,688.24

2,370.82

Total assets

13,489.69

12,613.96

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

(1) Equity

(a) Equity share capital

15

285.00

285.00

(b) Other equity

16

7,935.60

7,913.88

Total equity

8,220.60

8,198.88

(2) Non-current liabilities

(a)Financial liabilities

(i) Borrowings

17A

10.64

-

(ii) Other financial liabilities

18A

18.68

32.79

(iii) Lease liabilities

436.09

-

(b) Provisions

19A

243.13

206.10

(c) Other liabilities

20A

425.61

452.18

Total non-current liabilities

1,134.15

691.07

(3) Current liabilities

(a) Financial liabilities

(i) Borrowings

17B

532.83

301.14

(ii) Trade payables

21

(A) Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small

enterprises

7.58

4.26

(B) Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro

enterprises and small enterprises

1,583.87

1,797.82

(iii) Other financial liabilities

18B

823.46

746.47

(iv) Lease liabilities

29.87

-

(b) Provisions

19B

77.95

46.93

(c) Current tax liability (net)

245.29

201.23

(d) Other liabilities

20B

820.85

626.16

(e) Liabilities for assets classified as held for sale

13.24

-

Total current liabilities

4,134.94

3,724.01

Total equity and liabilities

13,489.69

12,613.96

Balance Sheet as at 31 March 2020

See accompanying notes forming part of the financial statements

In terms of our report attached

For S.R. Batliboi & Associates LLP

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Chartered Accountants

ICAI Firm Registration No. 101049W/ E300004

PRASHANT SINGHAL

RENUKA RAMNATH

AMUR S. LAKSHMINARAYANAN

Partner

Chairperson: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No. 93283

Mumbai

Mumbai

PRATIBHA K. ADVANI

MANISH SANSI

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

New Delhi

New Delhi

New Delhi

Dated: 13 June 2020

Dated: 13 June 2020

Cash Flow Statement for the year ended 31 March 2020

(H in crores)

Particulars

For the year ended

31 March 2020

For the year ended

31 March 2019

1

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

PROFIT/ (LOSS) BEFORE TAX

373.55

(275.77)

Adjustments for non cash items:

Depreciation and amortisation

977.44

890.88

Interest income

(3.66)

(4.42)

Finance cost

55.19

36.12

Gain on investments at fair value through profit and loss (net)

(20.36)

(23.54)

Dividend income

(68.69)

(5.91)

Unrealised foreign exchange gain/ (loss) (net)

32.55

11.87

Allowance for doubtful trade receivables

29.53

45.59

Provision for inventories and capital work-in-progress

30.23

2.74

Allowance for doubtful advances

1.03

11.46

Provision towards advances (refer note 28 (i))

5.92

-

Impairment of investment

-

660.02

Advances written off

0.96

-

Gain/ (loss) on disposal of property, plant and equipment (net)

(2.23)

(2.15)

OPERATING PROFIT BEFORE WORKING CAPITAL CHANGES

1,411.46

1,346.89

Changes in working capital

Adjustments for (increase) / decrease in operating assets:

Inventories

(16.35)

(41.91)

Trade receivables

(32.54)

(120.68)

Other assets

(86.09)

(190.27)

Adjustments for increase / (decrease) in operating liabilities:

Trade payables

(210.63)

503.61

Other liabilities

210.91

167.04

Provisions

10.68

8.35

Cash generated from operations before tax

1,287.44

1,673.03

Income tax paid (net of refund)

(179.40)

(425.16)

NET CASH FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

1,108.04

1,247.87

2 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES

Purchase of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets

(1,165.64)

(1,164.71)

Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment and

intangible assets

2.25

4.83

Purchase of non-current investments

(49.38)

(35.04)

Purchase of current investments

(6,684.76)

(6,192.59)

Proceeds from sale of current investments

6,589.79

5,928.70

Advance received towards assets held for sale

144.35

-

Dividend income from subsidiaries

68.69

5.91

Interest received

2.34

3.06

Earmarked funds

2.72

(0.28)

Fixed deposits transferred as part of Land demerger (refer note 28 (i))

(2.90)

-

NET CASH (USED IN) INVESTING ACTIVITIES

(1,092.54)

(1,450.12):

letter No. G-25015/6/86OC dated 27

March 1986, transferred all assets and liabilities of the

Overseas Communications Service (“OCS”) (part of

the Department of Telecommunications, Ministry of

Communications) as appearing in the Balance sheet

as at 31 March 1986 to the Company with effect from

1 April 1986. During the financial year 2007-08, the

Company changed its name from Videsh Sanchar

Nigam Limited to Tata Communications Limited and

the fresh certificate of incorporation consequent upon

the change of name was issued by the Registrar of

Companies, Mumbai, Maharashtra on 28 January 2008.

The Company is domiciled in India and its registered

office is at VSB, Mahatma Gandhi Road, Fort, Mumbai

– 400 001. The Company’s shares are listed on two

recognised stock exchanges in India.

The Company offers international and national voice

and data transmission services, selling and leasing

of bandwidth on undersea cable systems, internet

connectivity services and other value-added services

comprising telepresence, managed hosting, mobile

global roaming and signalling services, transponder

lease, television uplinking and other related services.

The shareholders at the Annual General Meeting

held on 9 August 2018 approved the change to the

object clause of the Memorandum of Association to

inter-alia include in the objects to be pursued by the

Company, leasing, letting out, licensing or developing

immovable properties of the Company and to earn

income of any nature including inter-alia rental, lease,

license income, etc from immovable properties of the

Company including land and buildings. Accordingly,

the related revenue from real estate business for

previous year has been reclassified from ‘Other

income’ to ‘Revenue from operations’ along with the

related receivables in the balance sheet from ‘Other

financial assets’ to ‘Trade receivables’. The figures

for this business have been disclosed as a separate

segment as “Real Estate” in the segment information.

2. Significant accounting policies

a.

Statement of compliance

These financial statements have been prepared

in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards

(Ind AS) notified under the Companies (Indian

Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 (as amended

from time to time).

b. Basis of preparation of financial statements

The financial statements have been prepared on

a historical cost basis, except for the following

assets and liabilities which have been measured

at fair value:

•

Derivative financial instruments,

•

Certain

financial

assets

and

liabilities

measured at fair value (refer note 2 (o)).

The accounting policies adopted for preparation

and presentation of financial statements have

been consistently applied except for the changes

in accounting policy on introduction of Ind AS 116

that was effective for annual period beginning on

or after 1 April 2019 (refer note 2 (u)).

The financial statements are presented in Indian

Rupees (“INR”) and all values are rounded to the

nearest crores (INR 00,00,000), except when

otherwise indicated.

c.

Significant accounting judgements, estimates

and assumptions

The preparation of these financial statements in

conformity with recognition and measurement

principles of Ind AS requires the management of

the Company to make judgements, estimates and

assumptions that affect the reported balances

of assets and liabilities, disclosures relating to

contingent liability as at the date of the financial

statements and the reported amounts of income

and expenses for the periods presented.

Statement of Changes in Equity for the year ended 31 March 2020

A. Equity share capital

B. Other equity

(H in crores)

Particulars

No. of shares

Amount

Balance as at 01 April 2018

28,50,00,000

285.00

Changes in equity share capital during the year

-

-

Balance as at 31 March 2019

28,50,00,000

285.00

Changes in equity share capital during the year

-

-

Balance as at 31 March 2020

28,50,00,000

285.00

(H in crores)

Particulars

Reserves and surplus

Items of other comprehensive

income

Total

other

equity

Capital

reserve

Securities

premium

General

reserve

Debenture

redemption

reserve

Retained

earnings

Remeasurement

of the defined

benefit plans

Equity

instruments

through other

comprehensive

income

Balance as at 1 April 2018

206.06

725.01 5,342.00

38.75 3,172.34

(31.93)

(933.77) 8,518.46

Loss for the year

-

-

-

- (442.32)

-

- (442.32)

Other comprehensive income/(loss)

-

-

-

-

-

(13.62)

-

(13.62)

Tax impact on other comprehensive

income/(loss)

-

-

-

-

-

4.76

-

4.76

Total comprehensive income/(loss)

-

-

-

- (442.32)

(8.86)

- (451.18)

Dividend paid (including dividend tax)

-

-

-

- (153.40)

-

- (153.40)

Transfer from debenture redemption

reserve

-

-

1.25

(1.25)

-

-

-

-

Balance as at 31 March 2019

206.06

725.01 5,343.25

37.50 2,576.62

(40.79)

(933.77)

7,913.88

Profit for the year

-

-

-

-

208.78

-

-

208.78

Fixed deposits and surplus land

transferred as part of land demerger

(refer note 28 (i))

-

-

-

-

(3.06)

-

-

(3.06)

Impact of INDAS 116 transition on

retained earnings (refer note 2 (u))

-

-

-

-

(11.50)

-

-

(11.50)

Other comprehensive income/(loss)

-

-

-

-

-

(42.77)

-

(42.77)

Tax impact on other comprehensive

income/(loss)

-

-

-

-

-

10.76

-

10.76

Total comprehensive income/(loss)

-

-

-

-

194.22

(32.01)

-

162.21

Dividend paid (including dividend tax)

-

-

-

- (140.49)

-

- (140.49)

Transfer from debenture redemption

reserve

-

-

37.50

(37.50)

-

-

-

-

Balance as at 31 March 2020

206.06

725.01 5,380.75

- 2,630.35

(72.80)

(933.77) 7,935.60

See accompanying notes forming part of the financial statements

In terms of our report attached

For S.R. Batliboi & Associates LLP

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Chartered Accountants

ICAI Firm Registration No. 101049W/ E300004

PRASHANT SINGHAL

RENUKA RAMNATH

AMUR S. LAKSHMINARAYANAN

Partner

Chairperson: Managing

Managing Director of the Company together constitute the Chief Operating Decision

Makers (“CODM”) which allocate resources to and assess the performance of the segments of the Company. The

Company’s reportable segments are Voice Solutions (“VS”), Data and Managed Services (“DMS”) and Real Estate

(“RE”). The composition of the reportable segments is as follows:

Voice Solutions (VS)

VS includes international and national long distance voice services.

Data and Managed Services (DMS)

DMS includes corporate data transmission services, virtual private network signalling and roaming services, television

and other network and managed services.

Real Estate (RE)

Real Estate includes lease rentals for premises given on lease and does not include premises held for capital appreciation.

Notes forming part of the financial statements

for the year ended 31 March 2020

(H in crores)

Particulars

For the year ended 31 March 2020

For the year ended 31 March 2019

VS

DMS

RE

Total

VS

DMS

RE

Total

a. Segment revenues and results

Revenue from operations

202.32

5,379.76

168.25

5,750.33

289.97

4,958.06

141.10

5,389.13

Segment results

(290.90)

775.00

110.52

594.62

(361.21)

621.55

74.75

335.09

Finance cost

55.19

36.12

Unallocable expense/

(income) (net)

165.88

574.74

Profit/ (Loss) before tax

373.55

(275.77)

Tax expense (net)

164.77

166.55

Profit/ (Loss) for the year

208.78

(442.32)

(H in crores)

Particulars

As at 31 March 2020

As at 31 March 2019

VS

DMS

RE

Total

VS

DMS

RE

Total

b. Segment assets and liabilities

Segment assets

122.27

6,387.91

501.11

7,011.29

133.75

5,991.21

437.11

6,562.07

Unallocable assets

6,478.40

6,051.89

Total assets

13,489.69

12,613.96

Segment liabilities

189.76

3,386.61

98.71

3,675.08

134.56

3,164.31

127.81

3,424.68

Unallocated liabilities

1,594.01

990.40

Total liabilities

5,269.09

4,415.08

Notes forming part of the financial statements

for the year ended 31 March 2020

(H in crores)

Particulars

For the year ended

31 March 2020

For the year ended

31 March 2019

a. Payment to statutory auditor

i.

For audit fees

5.48

3.62

ii. For taxation matters

0.08

0.07

iii. For other services

1.29

2.19

iv. For reimbursement of expenses

0.36

0.34

b. Payment to cost auditor

i.

For cost audit services

0.09

0.06

Above amount excludes Goods service tax/ Service tax

(H in crores)

Particulars

For the year ended

31 March 2020

For the year ended

31 March 2019

Net profit/ (loss) after tax attributable to the equity shareholders

(in H crores) (A)

208.78

(442.32)

Number of equity shares outstanding at the end of the year

285,000,000

285,000,000

Weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year (B)

285,000,000

285,000,000

Basic and diluted earnings per share (equity share of

H 10 each) (A/B)

7.33

(15.52)

35. Earnings per share

iii. Leave plan and compensated absences

For executives

Leave unavailed of by eligible employees may be carried forward / encashed by them / their nominees in the

event of death or permanent disablement or resignation, subject to a maximum leave of 60 days and 45 days for

employees who have joined post 1 January 2020.

For non executives

Leave unavailed of by eligible employees may be carried forward / encashed by them / their nominees in the event

of death or permanent disablement or resignation, subject to a maximum leave of 300 days.

The liability for compensated absences as at the year end is H 56.06 crores (31 March 2019: H 49.69 crores) as

shown under non-current provisions H 50.04 crores (31 March 2019: H 42.90 crores) and current provisions H 6.02

crores (31 March 2019: H 6.79 crores). The amount charged to the Statement of Profit and Loss under Salaries and

related costs in note 24 “Employee benefits” is H 13.40 crores (2018 - 2019: H 7.96 crores).

33. Employee benefits (Defined benefit plan) (Contd..)

34. Auditors’ remuneration:

(Included in other expenses under operating and other expenses – Refer note 25):

Managing Director and Group CEO

Mr. Amur Lakshminarayanan Swaminathan (w.e.f 26

November 2019)**: Managing

Letter of comfort on behalf of subsidiaries

-

-

1,661.03

-

-

-

1,661.03

-

-

1,816.85

-

-

-

1,816.85

42. Related party transactions (Contd..):

letter dated 20 February 2014 extended the validity of the said license for 3 months with condition that

entire ISP revenue will be subject to license fees. This conditional extension by DoT, was challenged by

the Company in TDSAT and on 18 October 2019 the Company’s petition has been allowed by TDSAT. As

DoT has time to appeal against the TDSAT order, the Company has continued to disclose an amount of

H 854.35 crores (31 March 2019: H 635.87 crores) including interest under contingent liabilities.

iv. Other claims of H 150.18 crores (31 March 2019: H 138.88 crores) mainly pertain to routine suits for collection,

commercial disputes, claims from customers and/or suppliers, BSNL port charges and claim from Employee

State Insurance Corporation.

3. It is not practicable for the Company to estimate the timings of cash outflows, if any, in respect of the above

pending resolution of the respective proceedings as it is determinable only on receipt of judgements/ decisions

pending with various forums/ authorities.

4. During the previous year, the Company and its two directors and an ex-employee had received show cause

notices from Directorate of Enforcement, Ministry of Finance on alleged violation of the rules and regulations

under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999. The contravention amount involved in all these notices is

H 593 crores. The liability could extend up to three times the amount quantified as contravention. The Company

had provided H 4.50 crores as compounding penalty, based on a legal opinion. During the current year, Ministry

of Information and Broadcasting approval has been received and based on the same the Company has filed its

application with RBI for compounding of charges. The Company and the named individuals in the SCNs filed

their replies to the SCNs refuting the allegations made therein and without prejudice to their contentions and

claims filed compounding applications with the RBI. RBI vide its separate orders dated 18 October 2019, has

disposed off the compounding applications and has compounded the contravention subject of payment of H

1.48 crores by the Company and H 0.14 crores each by the individuals. The Company has made the payment on

its behalf and also on behalf of the individuals. Thereafter, the Company and named individuals have also filed

their representation with ED requesting for the closure of the proceedings.:

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No. 93283

Mumbai

Mumbai

PRATIBHA K. ADVANI

MANISH SANSI

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

New Delhi

New Delhi

New Delhi

Dated: 13 June 2020

Dated: 13 June 2020

Notes forming part of the financial statements

for the year ended 31 March 2020

45. Dividend remitted to non-resident shareholders

The Company has not remitted any amount in foreign currencies on account of dividend during the year. The particulars

of final dividend for the year ended 31 March 2019 and 31 March 2018 paid to non – resident shareholders are as under:

(H in crores)

Name of the Subsidiary

During the year

31 March 2020

During the year

31 March 2019

Number of non – resident shareholders

1,294

1,405

Number of shares held by them

54,203,609

46,095,403

Year to which the dividend relates

2018-2019

2017-2018

Amount remitted

24.39

20.74

46. Micro and small enterprises

Dues to micro and small enterprises have been determined to the extent such parties have been identified on the basis

of information collected by the management:

(H in crores)

As at

31 March 2020

As at

31 March 2019

a. Principal amount remaining unpaid to any supplier as at the end of the

accounting year

7.58

4.23

b. Interest due thereon remaining unpaid to any supplier as at the end

of the accounting year

0.01

0.03

c. The amount of interest paid along with the amounts of the payment

made to the supplier beyond the appointed day

40.49

55.89

d. The amount of interest due and payable for the year

0.01

0.03

e. The amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of the

accounting year

0.01

0.03

f. The amount of further interest due and payable even in the

succeeding year, until such date when the interest dues as above

are actually paid

-

-

g. Total outstanding dues of micro and small enterprises

7.59

4.26

47. Events after the reporting period

There are no significant subsequent events between the year ended 31 March 2020 and signing of financial statements

as on 13 June 2020 which have material impact on the financials of the Company.

48. The outbreak of Coronavirus (Covid-19) pandemic globally and in India is causing significant disturbance and

slowdown of economic activity. The Company has considered internal and external information while finalizing various

estimates in relation to its financial statement up to the date of approval of the financial statements by the Board of

Directors and has not identified any material impact on the carrying value of assets, liabilities or provisions. However,

the impact assessment of COVID-19 is a continuing process given the uncertainties associated with its nature and

duration. The Company is monitoring the situation closely, and shall take actions as appropriate, based on any material

changes in the future economic conditions.:

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No. 93283

MUMBAI

MUMBAI

PRATIBHA K. ADVANI

MANISH SANSI

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

NEW DELHI

NEW DELHI

NEW DELHI

Dated- 13 June 2020

Dated- 13 June 2020

(H in crores)

Particulars

Schedule

Year ended

31 March 2020

Year ended

31 March 2019

I

Revenue from operations

38

17,067.99

16,524.95

II

Other income

23

69.68

60.26

III Total income (I + II)

17,137.67

16,585.21

IV Expenses:

Network and transmission expense

24

6,777.56

7,162.04

Employee benefits expense

25

3,039.14

2,959.66

Finance costs

27,45

470.74

396.55

Depreciation and amortisation expense

28,45

2,357.72

2,067.60

Operating and other expenses

26

3,962.34

3,658.40

Total expenses (IV)

16,607.50

16,244.25

V

Profit before exceptional items and tax (III-IV)

530.17

340.96

VI Exceptional items

29 - 32

(390.51)

2.24

VII Profit before tax and share of profit/(loss) of associates

(V+VI)

139.66

343.20

VIII Tax expense/(benefit)

34

a. Current tax

334.18

332.67

b. Deferred tax

(107.51)

(59.35)

226.67

273.32

IX Profit/(Loss) before share in profit/(loss) of associates

(VII-VIII)

(87.01)

69.88

X

Share in profit/(loss) of associates

2.18

(150.31)

XI Loss for the period (IX+X)

(84.83)

(80.43)

XII Other comprehensive income/(loss)

A (i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

a. Remeasurements of the defined benefit plans

(49.18)

(13.37)

b. Tax impact on defined benefit plans

12.24

4.36

c. Equity instruments through other comprehensive

income

8,41

7.19

(45.00)

d. Share of remeasurements of the defined benefit

plans in associates (net of tax)

(0.13)

(0.03)

(29.88)

(54.04)

A (ii) Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss

a. Exchange differences in translating the financial

statements of foreign operations, net

(612.09)

(365.74)

b. Effective portion of gains and loss on designated

portion of hedging instruments in a cash flow hedge

(68.88)

(33.80)

c. Tax impact of cash flow hedge

17.74

8.45

d. Effective portion of gains and loss on designated

portion of hedging instruments in a cash flow

hedge in associates

-

(0.23)

(663.23)

(391.32)

XIII Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the period, net

of tax

(693.11)

(445.36)

XIV Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the period, net of

tax (XII+XIII)

(777.94)

(525.79)

Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss for the year ended 31 March 2020:

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No. 93283

MUMBAI

MUMBAI

PRATIBHA K. ADVANI

MANISH SANSI

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

NEW DELHI

NEW DELHI

NEW DELHI

Dated- 13 June 2020

Dated- 13 June 2020

Consolidated Cash Flow Statement for the year ended 31 March 2020

(H in crores)

Particulars

Year ended

31 March 2020

Year ended

31 March 2019

1

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

LOSS FOR THE PERIOD

(84.83)

(80.43)

Adjustments for:

Income tax expense recognised in consolidated statement of profit

and loss

226.67

273.32

Share in (profit)/loss of associate

(2.18)

150.31

Depreciation and amortisation expenses

2,357.72

2,067.60

(Gain)/ Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment and

assets held for sale (net)

(8.51)

1.91

Interest income on financial assets carried at amortised cost

(4.75)

(4.69)

Finance cost

470.74

396.55

Loss on sale of investment

6.48

-

Bad debts written off

-

0.34

Allowance for trade receivables

64.90

81.79

Provision for inventories and CWIP

30.23

2.74

Reversal of liability towards decommissioning cost

(3.01)

-

Demerger of Surplus Land (Exceptional item) (refer note 31)

5.92

-

Allowance for doubtful advances

3.45

15.15

Gain on investments carried at fair value through profit or loss (net)

(25.53)

(30.04)

Exchange fluctuation

18.01

11.86

OPERATING PROFIT BEFORE WORKING CAPITAL CHANGES

3,055.31

2,886.41

Adjustment for (increase)/decrease in operating assets

Inventories

(6.32)

(51.95)

Trade receivables

(205.15)

1.06

Other assets

(145.23)

(290.36)

Adjustment for increase/(decrease) in operating liabilities

Trade payables

(25.50)

69.96

Other liabilties

8.34

(178.82)

Provisions

2.79

2.76

Adjustment of translation differences on working capital

119.78

(27.42)

Cash generated from operations before tax

2,804.02

2,411.65

Income tax refund/(paid) (net)

(279.26)

(567.32)

NET CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

2,524.76

1,844.33

2 CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES

Payment to purchase of property, plant and equipments and

intangible assets

(1,680.98)

(1,748.89)

Advance received towards assets held for sale

176.79

-

Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipments and

intangible assets

3.55

10.15

Proceeds from disposal of asset held for sale

15.09

6.57

Purchase of investments in associates

(49.38)

(35.04)

Purchase of non-current investments

(37.94)

(24.75)

Fixed deposits transferred as part of land demerger (refer note 31)

(2.90)

-

Acquisition of business, net of cash

-

(100.78)

Purchase of current investments

(7,260.75)

(7,209.34)

Proceeds from sale of current investments

7,220.48

6,830.08

Proceeds from sale of investments in associate

72.10

-

Fixed deposits liquidated/(placed)

6.54

(21.32)

Earmarked funds

2.72

(0.28)

Interest received

4.90

5.56

NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES

(1,529.78)

(2,288.04):

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No. 93283

MUMBAI

MUMBAI

PRATIBHA K. ADVANI

MANISH SANSI

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

NEW DELHI

NEW DELHI

NEW DELHI

Dated- 13 June 2020

Dated- 13 June 2020

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity as at 31 March 2020

A. Equity share capital

B. Other equity

Particulars

Balance as at

1 April 2018

Changes during

the year

Balance as at

31 March 2019

Changes during

the year

Balance as at

31 March 2020

Amount (H in crores)

285.00

-

285.00

-

285.00

No.of Shares

28,50,00,000

-

28,50,00,000

-

28,50,00,000

(H in crores)

Particulars

Capital

reserve

Securities

premium

General

reserve

Debenture

redemption

reserve

Retained

earning

Items of other comprehensive income

Remeasurements

of defined

benefit plans

Equity

instrument

through other

comprehensive

income (Refer

Note 8)

Effective

portion

of cash

flow

hedge

Foreign

exchange/

currency

translation

reserve

Attributable

to owners of

the parent

Non-

controlling

interests

Total

other

equity

Balance as at 31 March

2018

206.06

725.01

5,355.81

38.75 (4,584.81)

36.42

(877.59)

21.24

(706.57)

214.32

4.48

218.80

Loss for the year

(82.37)

(82.37)

1.94

(80.43)

Other comprehensive

income/(loss) (net of

tax)

-

(9.04)

(45.00)

(25.58)

(365.74)

(445.36)

- (445.36)

Total comprehensive

income/(loss)

-

-

-

-

(82.37)

(9.04)

(45.00)

(25.58)

(365.74)

(527.73)

1.94 (525.79)

Transfer from Debenture

redemption reserve to

General reserve

1.25

(1.25)

-

Dividend paid (including

dividend tax)

(153.40)

(153.40)

(0.66)

(154.06)

Balance as at 31 March 2019 206.06

725.01 5,357.06

37.50 (4,820.58)

27.38

(922.59)

(4.34)

(1,072.31)

(466.81)

5.76 (461.05)

Loss for the year

(85.96)

(85.96)

1.13

(84.83)

Other comprehensive

income/(loss) (net of tax)

-

(37.07)

7.19

(51.14)

(612.09)

(693.11)

-

(693.11)

Total comprehensive

income/(loss)

(85.96)

(37.07)

7.19

(51.14)

(612.09)

(779.07)

1.13 (777.94):

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No. 93283

MUMBAI

MUMBAI

PRATIBHA K. ADVANI

MANISH SANSI

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

NEW DELHI

NEW DELHI

NEW DELHI

Dated- 13 June 2020

Dated- 13 June 2020

1. Corporate information

TATA Communications Limited (the “Company”)

was incorporated on 19 March 1986. The Government

of India vide its: letter No. G-25015/6/86OC dated 27

March 1986, transferred all assets and liabilities of the

Overseas Communications Service (“OCS”) (part of

the Department of Telecommunications, Ministry of

Communications) as appearing in the Balance sheet

as at 31 March 1986 to the Company with effect from

1 April 1986. During the financial year 2007-08, the

Company changed its name from Videsh Sanchar

Nigam Limited to Tata Communications Limited and

the fresh certificate of incorporation consequent

upon the change of name was issued by the Registrar

of Companies, Mumbai Maharashtra on 28 January

2008.

The Company is domiciled in India and its registered

office is at VSB, Mahatma Gandhi Road, Fort,

Mumbai – 400 001. The Company’s shares are listed

on two recognised stock exchange in India.

Tata Communications Limited and its subsidiaries

(collectively “the Group”) offers international and

national voice and data transmission services, selling

and leasing of bandwidth on undersea cable systems,

internet connectivity services and other value-

added services comprising unified conferencing

and

collaboration

services,

managed

hosting,

mobile global roaming and signalling services,

transponder lease, television uplinking and other

managed services, set up, own and operate white

label Automated Teller Machines (“ATMs”), brown

label ATMs, data center colocation services, network

management and support and other related services.

2. Significant accounting policies

a.

Statement of compliance

The consolidated financial statements of the Group

have been prepared in accordance with Indian

Accounting Standards (Ind AS) notified under the

Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules,

2015 (as ammended from time to time).

b. Basis of preparation of consolidated financial

statements

The consolidated financial statements have been

prepared on a historical cost basis, except for

the following assets and liabilities which have

been measured at fair value:

i.

Derivative financial instruments,

ii.

Certain financial assets and liabilities measured

at fair value (Refer accounting policy regarding

financial instruments).

The accounting policies adopted for preparation

and presentation of financial statements have

been consistently applied except for the changes

in accounting policy on introduction of Ind AS 116

that was effective for annual period beginning on

or after 1 April 2019. (refer note 2 (aa))

The

consolidated

financial

statements

are

presented in Indian Rupees (INR) and all

values are rounded to the nearest crores (INR

00,00,000), except when otherwise indicated.

The consolidated financial statements have been

prepared as a going concern basis including

considering continuing financial support to

the Group’s subsidaries with continuing losses

on an accrual basis under the historical cost

convention.

c.

Going concern

The Group continues to implement initiatives

directed towards improving the profitability

through operational efficiencies. The Group

expects that these initiatives would result in

sustainable cash flows. Based on the approved

unutilized debt and banking facilities yet to be

drawn, the Group is confident of meeting its

operating and capital funding requirements

for the financial year ending March 31, 2021.

Accordingly, the financial statements of the

Group have been prepared on a going concern

basis.

d. Basis of consolidation

The consolidated financial statements comprise

the financial statements of the Company and

the entities controlled by the Company and

its associates. Control is achieved when the

Company:

i.

has power over the investee (i.e. existing

rights that give it the current ability to direct

the relevant activities of the investee)

Managing Director of the Company together as a Group constitute the “Chief

Operating Decision Makers” (CODM) and allocate resources to and assess the performance of the segments of the

Group.

The Group has identified the following operating segments based on the organizational structure and for which

discrete financial information including segment results is available:

a.

Voice Solutions (VS) includes International and National Long-Distance Voice services.

b. Data and Managed Services (DMS) include data transmission services, signaling, roaming services, television

and other network and managed services.

c.

Payment Solutions (PS) includes end-to-end ATM deployment end-to-end POS enablement hosted core banking

end to end financial inclusion and card issuance and related managed services and switching services to banking

sector carried out by Company’s wholly owned subsidiary Tata Communications Payment Solutions Limited.

d. Real Estate segment includes lease rentals for premises given on lease. and does not include premises

held for capital appreciation.

(H in crores)

Particulars

For the year ended 31 March 2020

VS

DMS

PS

Real

Estate

Intersegment

Total

c. Other segment

information

Non-cash expenses

2.36

92.17

3.75

0.30

98.58

Capital expenditure

(allocable)

33.16

2071.73

103.75

-

-

2,208.64

Depreciation and

amortisation (allocable)

30.28

2,184.44

138.30

4.70

-

2,357.72

38. Segment reporting (Contd..)

i.

Business segments (Contd..)

(H in crores)

Particulars

For the year ended 31 March 2019

VS

DMS

PS

Real

Estate

Intersegment

Total

a. Segment revenues and

results

Revenue from services

3,870.31

12,172.02

357.08

151.84

(26.30)

16,524.95

Intersegment revenue

-

(5.17)

-

(21.13)

26.30

-

Segment results

298.29

416.77

(105.14)

69.16

-

679.08

Finance cost

396.55

Unallocable income (net)

(60.67)

Profit from operations

before tax and share of

profit of associate

343.20

Tax expense (net)

273.32

Net Profit for the year before

share in profit of associates

69.88

Share in Loss of associates

(net)

(150.31)

Net Loss from total operation

(80.43)

b. Segment assets and liabilities

Segment assets

655.34

14,107.44

369.69

373.38

-

15,505.85

Unallocable assets

4,506.91

Total assets

20,012.76

Segment liabilities

(753.85)

(8,629.37)

(134.02)

(131.20)

-

(9,648.44)

Unallocable liabilities

(10,540.37)

Total liabilities

(20,188.81)

c. Other segment information

Non-cash expenses

2.75

88.16

9.11

0.01

100.03

Capital expenditure (allocable)

31.81

1,889.63

22.35

8.97

-

1,952.76

Depreciation and amortisation

(allocable)

37.59

1,911.31

114.20

4.50

-

2,067.60:

Managing Director and CEO

Mr Vinod Kumar (up to 05 July,2019): Managing

letter

dated 20 February 2014 extended the validity of the said license for 3 months with condition that entire ISP

revenue will be subject to license fees. This conditional extension by DoT, was challenged by the Company

in TDSAT and on 18 October 2019 the Company’s petition has been allowed by TDSAT. As DoT has time to

appeal against the TDSAT order, the Company has continued to disclose an amount of H 854.35 crores (31

March 2019: H 635.87 crores) including interest under contingent liabilities.

iv. On August 7 2018, in an effort to toll the claims period under and pursuant to the Neotel Sale Agreement,

VSNL SNOSPV Pte Ltd. (SNOSPV), together with the other sellers under the Sale Agreement, Sepco

Communications Proprietary Limited and Nexus Connexion SA Proprietary Limited (collectively “Sellers”),

received notice from Liquid Telecommunications Holdings South Africa (Pty) Limited (“Liquid”) alleging

certain breach of warranties and indemnity claims equivalent to H 273.03 crores (ZAR 647 million).

On 16 March 2020, Liquid filed an arbitration proceeding on alleging largely the same claims set forth in the

notice, but adding an additional breach of contract claim and reducing its claim for damages equivalent to H

191.17 crores (ZAR 453 million). Based on its analysis of the claim, the Group is of the view that this matter will

not have a material adverse impact on its consolidated financial statements.

46. Contingent liabilities and Commitments: (Contd..)

v.

Other Claims of H 241.83 crores (31 March 2019: H 207.18 crores) pertains to the Company and its subsidiaries

in various geographies being routine party to suits for collection, commercial disputes, claims from customers

and/or suppliers over reconciliation of payments for voice minutes, circuits, internet bandwidth and/or access

to the public switched telephone network, leased equipment, and claims from estates of bankrupt companies

alleging that the Group received preferential payments from such companies prior to their bankruptcy filings.

The management currently believes that resolving such suits and claims, individually or in aggregate, will not

have a material adverse impact on the Group’s financial position.

IV. During the previous year, the Company and its two directors and an ex-employee had received show cause notices

from Directorate of Enforcement, Ministry of Finance on alleged violation of the rules and regulations under the

Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999. The contravention amount involved in all these notices is H 593 crores.

The liability could extend up to three times the amount quantified as contravention. The Company had provided

H 4.50 crores as compounding penalty, based on a legal opinion. During the current year, Ministry of Information

and Broadcasting approval has been received and based on the same the Company has filed its application

with RBI for compounding of charges. The Company and the named individuals in the SCNs filed their replies

to the SCNs refuting the allegations made therein and without prejudice to their contentions and claims filed

compounding applications with the RBI. RBI vide its separate orders dated 18 October 2019, has disposed off the

compounding applications and has compounded the contravention subject of payment of H 1.48 crores by the

Company and H 0.14 crores each by the individuals. The Company has made the payment on its behalf and also on

behalf of the individuals. Thereafter, the Company and named individuals have also filed their representation with

ED requesting for the closure of the proceedings.

V. It is not practicable for the Group to estimate the timings of cash outflows, if any, in respect of the above pending

resolution of the respective proceedings as it is determinable only on receipt of judgements/decisions pending

with various forums/authorities.

VI. Based on the management assessment and legal advice, wherever taken, the Group believes that the above claims

are not probable and would not result in outflow of resources embodying economic benefits.

b. Capital commitments:

Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account, not provided for amount to H 718.05

crores (31 March 2019: H 651.01 crores) (net of capital advances). Further Group’s share in associate is H 83.71 crores

(31 March 2019: H 94.02 crores) (net of capital advances).

As at 31 March 2020, the Group has remaining commitment of H101.87 crores (equivalent of USD 13.50 million)

(31 March 2019: H 123.90 crores (equivalent of USD 17.90 million)) towards investments in Northgate Telecom

Innovations Partners, L.P., one of the investee.

47. Financial Statements for the following companies considered in the consolidated financial

statements are based on management accounts and are unaudited:

(H in crores)

Associates

Share in profit/(loss) of associates

Smart ICT Services Private Limited

(0.09):

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No. 93283

MUMBAI

MUMBAI

NEW DELHI

PRATIBHA K. ADVANI

MANISH SANSI

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

NEW DELHI

NEW DELHI

NEW DELHI

Dated- 13 June, 2020

Dated- 13 June, 2020:

