letter to stakeholders

20

Board of directors

22

Executive management

24

Chief executive officer’s report

26

Chief financial officer’s report

LIFESTYLE AND

SUSTAINABILITY

30

Development portfolio

32

Development pipeline

34

International awards

36

Lifestyle showcase

38

Development showcase

68

Building a sustainable future

FINANCIAL INFORMATION

AND NOTICE OF AGM

96

Financial highlights

97

Compliance statements

98

Audit and risk committee report

103 Independent auditor’s report

104 Abridged consolidated financial

statements

118

Shareholder analysis

120 Notice of annual general meeting

127 Form of proxy

Ibc Corporate information

GOVERNANCE

78

Corporate governance report

84

Remuneration report

94

Social, ethics and transformation

committee report

ABOUT BALWIN PROPERTIES

3

Introducing our 2022 Integrated Report

4

2022 in review

6

Group profile

8

Business model

10

Strategic objectives

13

Investment case

14

Material risks and mitigation plans

Please visit our website at

WWW.BALWIN.CO.ZA

* COVER PICTURE: THE HUNTSMAN, SOMERSET WEST, WESTERN CAPE:

LETTER TO STAKEHOLDERS: Dear Stakeholders

I am extremely pleased to report that Balwin

has emerged stronger and more resilient since

the pandemic. This is evident across many

aspects of the business and is reflected in the

recovery in revenue, the 16.3% growth in core

headline earnings, continued distribution

of dividends, a significantly improved cash

position from an intense focus on capital

allocation and the broadening of our

funding base.

The pandemic has also heightened the focus

globally on sustainability and accelerated

the integration of environmental, social and

governance (ESG) practices into businesses.

Balwin welcomes and embraces the increasing

importance of ESG and over the past year

has adopted a group-wide ESG policy

and developed an implementation plan,

commenced tracking our carbon footprint and

made significant strides in green building and

incorporating environmental practices into

our developments.

A critical element of sustainability in the

South African context is black empowerment.

Those shareholders who have followed the

Balwin story over the years will know that we

are committed to creating a business that is

diverse, representative and transformed. It has

long been our strategic intention to increase

black equity participation in the group and it

was particularly pleasing to conclude a black

economic empowerment (BEE) transaction

with property specialist and businessman

Reggie Kukama.

We believe Reggie’s vast technical and

operational expertise and experience across

multiple facets of the property sector will

complement the skill set of our current

management team.

A BEE special purpose vehicle (SPV) has been

created to house the interests of strategic black

partners, with Reggie holding a 51% stake.

The ownership of the SPV will be extended

in due course to include black female and

youth ownership.

HILTON SAVEN

BALWIN PROPERTIES INTEGRATED REPORT 2022

18

LETTER TO STAKEHOLDERS CONTINUED

MUNYAKA

MUNYAKA

LIFESTYLE AND SUSTAINABILITY

GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

BALWIN PROPERTIES INTEGRATED REPORT 2022

19

ABOUT BALWIN PROPERTIES

LEADERSHIP AND PERFORMANCE

BALWIN PROPERTIES INTEGRATED REPORT 2022

19:

Managing director

Rodney is the: managing director of Balwin with 23 years’ experience

in the position. Prior to joining Balwin, Rodney was the director of

a project management company Nostrum, which managed one of

Balwin’s developments at the time and was appointed in 1997 as a

partner to Steve Brookes.

ULRICH GSCHNAIDTNER (55)

T4 Architecture

Chief projects officer

Ulrich is the chief projects officer of Balwin and has been with

the group since 1997. Ulrich held management positions at Spie

Batignolles and Bovis Southern Africa before joining Balwin as

a partner to Steve Brookes and Rodney Gray. Ulrich manages all

construction related activities at Balwin.

FYNBOS

BALWIN PROPERTIES INTEGRATED REPORT 2022

22

Managing director (MD)*

35% of package

70% of package

105% of package

Chief projects officer (CPO)*

30% of package

60% of package

90% of package

* The MD and CPO are prescribed officers and members of the executive committee.

Discretionary bonuses may be awarded to employees who perform above and beyond their responsibilities, regardless of company performance, as nominated by management and approved by the

committee and board.

VARIABLE REMUNERATION: LTIs

Selected employees participate in the LTI scheme. The LTI scheme rules are approved and adapted from time to time at the discretion of the board.

Instruments

Allocation frequency and quantum

Performance conditions

Performance and

employment period

Vesting profile

Under the CSP, rights

are offered in the form of

performance shares, bonus

shares and/or retention shares.

Performance shares are awarded in specific

circumstances subject to the discretion of the

committee.

Bonus shares are awarded annually, to the

extent that an STI was payable, at a ratio of a

1:1 match to the actual STI paid in terms of the

preceding financial year.

Retention shares are only awarded in special

circumstances with the aim to attract and

retain specific and sought after talent, subject

to the discretion of the committee.

Any performance condition attached to

performance shares shall be objective

and representative of a fair measure of

performance.

These awards are linked to STI performance

and therefore no further performance

conditions are applicable. These awards are

subject to continued employment only.

These shares are subject to continued

employment only.

Three years and no resetting

or retesting of performance

targets are allowed.

Shares vest in full on the

expiry of the prescribed

vesting period (and subject

to performance conditions

where applicable).

REMUNERATION REPORT CONTINUED

LEADERSHIP AND PERFORMANCE

LIFESTYLE AND SUSTAINABILITY

GOVERNANCE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

ABOUT BALWIN PROPERTIES

BALWIN PROPERTIES INTEGRATED REPORT 2022

89:

managing director and the chief projects officer. The remuneration of the prescribed officers is

disclosed in the remuneration implementation report as well as the annual financial statements.

NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR FEES

Non-executive directors receive annual retainer fees for serving on the board and board

committees. None of the non-executive directors have service contracts with the group and no

consultancy fees were paid to directors during the year.

In line with best governance practice, non-executive directors do not participate in incentive

schemes.

Non-executive director fees are reviewed annually, taking into account the responsibilities of the

directors as well as relevant external benchmarking data. Increases to non-executive director fees

are considered each year against the average increase levels/percentages approved across the

organisation.

The proposed fees for the 2023 financial year, which reflect an increase of 6% on the prior year,

are subject to approval by shareholders at the AGM in August 2022.

Proposed

fees for the

year ending

28 February

2023

Fees paid for

the year

ended

28 February

2022

Chairperson of the board

R537 800

R507 400

Member of the board

R226 500

R213 700

Chairperson of the audit and risk committee

R226 500

R213 700

Member of the audit and risk committee

R181 300

R171 000

Chairperson of the social, ethics and transformation

committee

R181 300

R171 000

Member of the social, ethics and transformation

committee

R151 100

R142 500

Chairperson of the remuneration and nominations

committee

R181 300

R171 000

Member of the remuneration and nominations

committee

R151 100

R142 500

Chairperson of the transaction committee

R197 700

R186 500

Member of the transaction committee

R141 100

R133 100

PART III: REMUNERATION IMPLEMENTATION REPORT 2022

The committee confirms that the remuneration policy has been consistently applied in the 2022

financial year, achieved its objectives and that there have been no deviations from the policy.

GUARANTEED REMUNERATION: ANNUAL SALARY INCREASE

The committee approved an average performance-linked salary increase of 6.0% (2021: 6.0%) for all

employees, including executive directors, effective 1 July 2021.

VARIABLE REMUNERATION: STI

An annual performance bonus totaling R4.6 million will be paid to executives (2021: R4.7 million)

based on the achievement of 98% of the approved company scorecard used to determine

company performance.

BALWIN PROPERTIES INTEGRATED REPORT 2022

90

REMUNERATION REPORT CONTINUED:

letter, the plan and the budgeted audit fees payable

to the external auditor;

• considered whether any reportable irregularities were identified and reported by the external

auditor in terms of the Auditing Profession Act, No. 26 of 2005; and

• considered any reported control weaknesses, management’s response for their improvement

and assessed their impact on the general control environment.

This is the second year which BDO has performed the external audit function. The committee is

satisfied that BDO is independent of the group after taking the following factors into account:

• Representations made by BDO to the committee.

• The auditor does not, except as external auditor or in rendering permitted non-audit services,

receive any remuneration or other benefit from the company.

• The auditors’ independence was not impaired by any consultancy, advisory or other work

undertaken by the auditor.

• The criteria specified for independence by the Independent Regulatory Board for Auditors and

international regulatory bodies.

INTERNAL AUDIT

The committee:

• reviewed and approved the internal audit charter and annual audit plan and evaluated

the independence, effectiveness and performance of the internal audit department and

compliance with its charter;

• satisfied themselves that the quality, experience and expertise of the internal audit function and

the chief audit executive is appropriate;

• considered the reports of the internal auditor on the group’s system of internal control including

financial controls, business risk management and maintenance of effective internal control

systems; and

• reviewed significant issues raised by the internal audit processes and the adequacy of corrective

action in response to significant internal audit findings.

ADEQUACY AND FUNCTIONING OF THE GROUP’S INTERNAL

CONTROLS

The committee reviewed the effectiveness of the design and implementation of controls with

respect to the plans and work outputs of the external and internal auditors and concluded that

these were adequate to address all significant financial risks facing the business.

As noted above, it also reviewed the reporting around the adequacy of the internal controls

together with the effectiveness of the combined assurance provided and based on this

concluded that there had been no material breakdowns in internal control, including financial

controls, business risk management and the maintenance of effective material control systems.:

letter as sent by

the JSE on 11 November 2021;

• considered the appropriateness of the accounting policies adopted;

• reviewed the external auditor’s audit report and key audit matters included;

• reviewed the representation: letter relating to the consolidated and separate annual financial

statements which was signed by management;

• considered any concerns identified and reviewed any significant legal and tax matters that

could have a material impact on the financial statements; and

• considered accounting treatments, significant unusual transactions and accounting

judgements.

SIGNIFICANT AREAS OF JUDGEMENTS AND SOURCES OF

ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTIES

In arriving at the figures disclosed in the consolidated and separate annual financial statements

there are many areas where judgement is needed. These are outlined in note 1.2 to the

consolidated and separate annual financial statements. The committee has looked at the

quantum of the assets and liabilities on the statements of financial position and other items that

require significant judgement and decided to note the following assumptions and estimation

uncertainties:

• Recognition of cost of constructed residential apartments sold.

• Net realisable value of developments under construction.

• Preparation of cash flow forecasts.

• Valuation of the IFRS 2 BEE share option.

RISK MANAGEMENT AND INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY (IT)

GOVERNANCE

The committee:

• ensured that intellectual property contained in information systems are protected;

• ensured that adequate business arrangements are in place for disaster recovery;

• ensured that all personal information is treated by the company as an important business asset

and is safeguarded as per POPI Act;

• approved the IT governance framework; and

• reviewed the group’s policies on risk assessment and risk management, including fraud risks

and IT risks pertaining to financial reporting and the going-concern assessment, and found

them to be sound.

letter of representation in terms of the

custody agreement entered into between

such shareholders and the CSDP or broker.

These instructions should preferably be

provided to the CSDP or broker by the

cut-off time and date advised by the CSDP

or Broker for instructions of this nature.

3. Dematerialised shareholders, other than

own-name registered dematerialised

shareholders, who are unable to attend

the AGM and who wish to be represented

thereat, must provide their CSDP or broker

with their voting instructions in terms of the

custody agreement entered into between

them and the CSDP or broker in the manner

and time stipulated therein.

4. Shareholders present in person, by proxy

or by authorised representative shall, on

a show of hands, have one vote each and,

on a poll, will have one vote in respect of

each share held. TMS will assist shareholders

with the requirements for electronic

participation in, and/or voting at, the

AGM. TMS is further obliged to validate

(in correspondence with the company

and, in particular, the transfer secretary,

Computershare Limited (“Computershare”),

and your CSDP) each such Shareholder’s

entitlement to participate in and/or vote

at the AGM, before providing it with the

necessary means to access the annual

general meeting and/or the associated

voting platform.

5. Shareholders will be liable for their own

network charges in relation to electronic

participation in and/or voting at the AGM.

Any such charges will not be for the

account of the JSE, the company and/or

TMS. The JSE, the company, and/or TMS

cannot be held accountable in the case

of loss of network connectivity or other

network failure due to insufficient airtime,

internet connectivity, internet bandwidth

and/or power outages which prevents any

such shareholder from participating in and/

or voting at the annual general meeting.

AGENDA

1. Presentation and consideration of the

consolidated and separate annual financial

statements of Balwin, including the

reports of the directors, the audit and

risk committee and the social, ethics and

transformation committee for the year

ended 28 February 2022. The complete

annual financial statements for the year

ended 28 February 2022, together with

these reports are available for inspection

at the registered office of the company,

Block 1, Townsend Office Park, 1 Townsend

Avenue, Bedfordview and on the website

www.balwin.co.za; and

2. To consider and, if deemed fit, approve,

with or without modification, the following

ordinary and special resolutions:

Note:

In order for any of the ordinary resolutions

numbers 1 to 9 to be adopted, the support

of more than 50% of the voting rights

exercised by shareholders, present in

person or by proxy must be exercised in

favour thereof.

BALWIN PROPERTIES INTEGRATED REPORT 2022

120:

letter of representation to attend the meeting or to be represented

thereat by proxy. This must be done in terms of the custody agreement between the member and his/her CSDP or broker.

These instructions must be preferably provided to the CSDP or broker by the cut-off time and date advised by the CSDP or

Broker for instructions of this nature.

5.

Forms of proxy must be lodged at the company’s transfer secretaries and TMS as set out above.

6. The completion and lodging of this form of proxy shall not preclude the relevant shareholder from attending the meeting

and speaking and voting in person thereat to the exclusion of any proxy appointed in terms hereof.

7.

Documentary evidence establishing the authority of the person signing this form of proxy in a representative or other legal

capacity must be attached to this form of proxy unless previously recorded by the company’s transfer secretaries or waived

by the chairperson of the meeting.

8. Any alteration or correction made to this form of proxy must be initialled by the signatory/ies.

9.

The chairperson of the annual general meeting may reject or accept any form of proxy which is completed and/or received,

other than in compliance with these notes provided that, in respect of acceptances, he is satisfied as to the manner in which

the shareholder(s) concerned wish(es) to vote.

10. Where there are joint holders of shares:

(i) any one holder may sign the form of proxy; and

(ii) the vote of the senior (for that purpose seniority will be determined by the order in which the names of shareholders

appear in the register of members) who tenders a vote (whether in person or by proxy) will be accepted to the exclusion

of the vote(s) of the other joint holder(s) of shares.

11. A minor must be assisted by his/her parent or guardian unless the relevant documents establishing his/her legal capacity are

produced or have been registered by the company’s transfer secretaries.

12. On a show of hands, every shareholder present in person or represented by proxy shall have only one vote, irrespective of the

number of shares he/she holds or represents.

13. On a poll, every shareholder present in person or represented by proxy shall have one vote for every share held by such

shareholder.

14. This form of proxy may be used at any adjournment or postponement of the annual general meeting, including any

postponement due to a lack of quorum, unless withdrawn by the shareholder.

NOTES TO THE PROXY FORM

BALWIN PROPERTIES INTEGRATED REPORT 2022

128:

