managing director of ApexHi Properties Limited. He served as CEO of Redefine from

2003 until its merger with ApexHi and Madison Property Fund Managers Limited in 2009 and then resigned

from Redefine to form Capstone Property Group. In 2016 he sold out of Capstone to form a new company,

Propertiq. He has served on the boards of various listed and unlisted companies, has been active in various

facets of the property sector and currently serves on the audit committee of SAPOA.

Appointed: 20 May 2011

Appointed: 20 May 2011

Appointed: 1 September 2015

Appointed: 20 May 2011

GOVERNANCE (CONTINUED)

OUR ESG REPORT

Dipula Income Fund Integrated Annual Report 2022

108:

Letter from the chairman

Dear Shareholder,

I am pleased to present Dipula’s remuneration report for the

2022 financial year.

The committee has continued its focus on reviewing the

group’s remuneration policy and on achieving an appropriate

remuneration mix that supports the company’s remuneration

philosophy of attracting and retaining competent and

qualified staff, while aligning the interests of stakeholders

with that of executive management in achieving sustainable

long-term performance and value creation.

The group’s remuneration principles and philosophy remain

the same as the previous year and will continue to be

monitored and implemented by the committee.

Establishing an appropriate remuneration framework has

resulted in a number of improvements to the remuneration

mix over the last few years. Following the capital restructure

in June 2022, the previous allocations of Dipula A shares in

terms of Tranche 3 and 4 of the Conditional Share Plan, were

converted to DIB shares at the swop ratio of 2.4 DIB shares

for each DIA share. In addition, the remuneration policy has

been amended to incorporate an additional incentive to

compensate management for successfully concluding

impactful material transactions not in the ordinary course of

business which includes major restructurings, corporate

activity in the forms of mergers and material property

acquisitions in excess of 25% of existing portfolio value.

Shareholders’ endorsement of the remuneration

policy and remuneration implementation report

2023 AGM

If the remuneration policy or remuneration implementation

report, or both, are voted against by more than 25% of

the votes cast at the AGM of the company to be held on

22 February 2023, the company will engage with dissenting

shareholders within 30 days of the AGM, to address all

legitimate and reasonable objections and concerns.

REMUNERATION REPORT

Dipula Income Fund Integrated Annual Report 2022

120:

letter to participants. The performance conditions

applicable to the fourth award of Dipula shares are detailed

on page 127.

REMUNERATION REPORT

Dipula Income Fund Integrated Annual Report 2022

126:

letter relating to the annual financial statements that was signed by management;



Reviewed the external auditor’s report including the key audit matters included in the report;



Confirmed that the REIT risk management policy has been complied with in all material respects, as further disclosed in the

governance review included in the integrated annual report; and



Considered the JSE Proactive Monitoring Report and its impact on the annual financial statements.

External auditors

In accordance with paragraphs 3.84(g)(iii) and 22.15(h) of the JSE Listings Requirements, the committee has satisfied itself

that the external auditor, Mazars, is independent of the group, as required by the Companies Act, which includes consideration

of compliance with criteria relating to independence or conflicts of interest as prescribed by the IRBA. Requisite assurance was

sought and provided by the auditor that internal governance processes within the audit firm support and demonstrate its claim

to independence.

The committee has also satisfied itself with the quality of the external audit work being performed by Mazars in respect of the

financial year-end under review.

There is a formal procedure that governs the process whereby the external auditor is considered for non-audit services. The

committee approved the terms of the service agreement for the provision of non-audit services by the external auditor and

approved the nature and extent of non-audit services that the external auditor provided in terms of the agreed pre-approval

policy. For the year under review, non-audit service fees paid to Mazars were immaterial relative to the audit fees.

The committee recommended the re-appointment of Mazars as the external auditors with Susan Truter as the signing partner.

The 31 August 2023 financial year will be the fourth year of Mazars’ appointment as the company’s external auditor and

Susan Truter as the lead partner.

Dipula Income Fund Integrated Annual Report 2022

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

134

for the year ended 31 August 2022

AUDIT AND RISK COMMITTEE REPORT (CONTINUED):

