Dear Shareholders, Ladies and Gentlemen,

Despite the “turn of the times”, DKR can look back

on a very successful financial year 2021/2022.

After the COVID 19 pandemic had been the domi­

nant topic in the last two years, other issues suddenly

came to the fore during the past financial year: High

inflation and skyrocketing energy prices – fueled by

the Russian invasion of Ukraine – are causing severe

strains on industry, trade and consumers. At the same

time, the war in Europe is causing a shortage of raw

materials, which, combined with the increasingly

noticeable shortage of skilled workers on the labor

market, is intensifying inflationary trends in Ger­

many and Europe. As a result, the ECB has initiated

an abrupt turnaround of the low interest rate policy

that has now lasted for a decade and has raised the

key interest rate significantly in three interest rate

steps since July 2022 to currently 2.0%. Added to

this is climate change, the combating of which poses

enormous economic challenges for the national

economies. Solutions to the war conflict in Europe

or significant improvements in the other issues are

currently not in sight, which many economists be­

lieve will lead to a full­blown recession at the very

least.

DKR was largely unaffected by this difficult overall

situation in the past financial year. On the contrary,

high inflation enabled the Company to make signifi­

cant use for the first time of the value protection

clauses in its leases, which provide inflation protec­

tion for around 84% of portfolio rental income. As

most of DKR's retail tenants also pass on inflation

directly to con sumers, sustainable rent increases were

implemented as a result, largely offsetting rising in­

terest on debt. As was the case during the pandemic,

DKR's defensive business model is proving its worth

in the current crisis­ridden environment.

On the portfolio side, DKR acquired 25 additional,

largely food­anchored retail properties with a volume

of around EUR 100 million and an annual rent of just

under EUR 8 million in the past financial year, which

is lower than the purchase volume of the previous

year, but is once again not a bad result given the weak

sentiment on the transaction market. On the other

hand, the disposal of twelve properties with an annu­

al rent of EUR 3.4 million generated significant pro­

ceeds from disposals amounting to EUR 63.7 million.

In addition, the regular external property valuation

resulted in a portfolio revaluation of around

EUR 28 million or around 4.9% compared to the

previous year, which is due to both the significant

rent increases and the good work of the asset man­

agement: the average remaining lease term remained

constant at over five years and value­enhancing in­

vestments of EUR 18.6 million were made for revitali­

sation measures at various portfolio properties. In

addition, there has been a further increase in investor

interest in the resilient niche of local retail properties,

which has also been reflected in the property valua­

tion.

In total, the real estate assets reported on the balance

sheet as of 30 September 2022 now comprise

175 properties with a balance sheet value of around

EUR 1.05 billion and an annual rent of approximately

EUR 73 million. Rental income increased year­on­year

from EUR 69.7 million to EUR 74.4 million.

On the financing side, DKR continued to be able to

refinance itself extremely favorably until the first half

of 2022 by raising secured and unsecured debt. How­

ever, since the first interest rate steps in the summer

of 2022, new financing is currently also becoming

noticeably more expensive for DKR, which will lead

to a burden on FFO for the foreseeable future. As of

Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG To our shareholders

2:

Dear Shareholders,

In the 2021/2022 financial year, the Supervisory

Board of Deutsche Konsum REIT­AG (“DKR”) duly

fulfilled the duties incumbent on it by law, the Arti­

cles of Association and the rules of procedure.

Cooperation between the Supervisory Board and

the Management Board

The Supervisory Board continuously monitored and

advised the Management Board on the management

of the Company. The Supervisory Board was directly

involved in all decisions of fundamental importance

to the Company. The Management Board complied

with its duties to provide information and regularly,

promptly and comprehensively informed the Super­

visory Board both in writing and orally about

corporate planning, the course of business, the

strategic development and the current situation

of the Company and the current leases.

In addition, the Chairman of the Supervisory Board

was regularly informed by the Management Board

about current developments in the business situation

and significant business events outside of Supervisory

Board meetings. In addition, the Chairman of the

Supervisory Board kept in regular contact with the

Management Board and discussed issues of strategy,

planning, business development, risk situation and

risk management as well as compliance of the

Company.

The members of the Supervisory Board always had

ample opportunity to critically examine the resolu­

tions proposed by the Management Board and to

make their own suggestions. In particular, the mem­

bers of the Supervisory Board discussed all significant

business transactions for the Company on the basis

of written and verbal reports prepared by the Man­

agement Board and checked them for plausibility.

In several cases, the Supervisory Board dealt in detail

with the risk situation of the Company, liquidity

planning and the equity situation. In addition, the

Management Board also reported to the Supervisory

Board on the profitability of the Company, and in

particular the profitability of its equity, at the balance

sheet meeting. The Supervisory Board has given

its approval for individual business transactions

insofar as this was required by law, the Articles of

Association or the rules of procedure for the Manage­

ment Board.

The Company provides appropriate support to the

members of the Supervisory Board in their inaugu­

ration and in the training and further training mea­

sures. All members of the Supervisory Board are

given access to specialist literature and are reimbursed

for the costs of attending seminars and webinars

whose topics are relevant to the work of the

Supervisory Board.

Session attendance of the Supervisory Board

A total of five meetings of the Supervisory Board

were held during the reporting period, of which four

were held as virtual meetings (online with video and

audio transmission) due to the special pandemic­

related circumstances and one as a presence meeting.

If necessary, decisions were also taken by written pro­

Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG Report of the Supervisory Board

20:

letter with three months’ notice, notwithstand­

ing the possibility of extraordinary termination.

Obotritia Capital no longer exercises a controlling

influence over Edeloptics GmbH (“Edeloptics”) since

23 June 2022, so that Edeloptics no longer represents

an affiliated company of DKR as at the balance sheet

date. Until 23 June, Deutsche Konsum acquired an­

other loan to Edeloptics GmbH with an investment

volume of TEUR 2,375.0 via the platform of credit­

shelf solutions GmbH. In addition, another loan was

repaid in full. Up to 23 June, interest income of

TEUR 288.6 (previous year: TEUR 371.0) was gener­

ated from Edeloptics loans, which is reported as inter­

est income from affiliated companies, as well as in­

come from the reversal of value adjustments of

TEUR 143.3 (previous year: TEUR 0.7).

Deutsche Konsum REIT­AG sold its portfolio of ac­

quired Edeloptics GmbH loans to Obotritia Capital

KGaA on 22 June 2022. The latter acquired all ac­

quired loans in the Obotritia Group within the scope

of planned revitalisation measures at Edeloptics

GmbH in order to bundle them with itself. The sale

was made at the outstanding nominal amount includ­

ing interest receivables accrued up to 22 June. As of

the balance sheet date, this resulted in a purchase

price receivable including interest of TEUR 4,535.1.

The purchase price receivable bears interest at 8.0%

p.a. In the reporting period, interest income of

TEUR 97.3 was generated from this. As of 7 October

2022, the loan was repaid in full by Obotritia Capital

KGaA, including accrued interest.

In addition, Obotritia Capital has provided a guar­

antee to DKR for two loans at risk of default in the

amount of the existing book values. One of the loans

was repaid in full during the financial year, so that the

outstanding amount as of the balance sheet date was

TEUR 10.8 (previous year: TEUR 271.5).

There is a property management agreement for the

material property portfolio with Elgeti Brothers

GmbH, Rostock (formerly GV Nordost Verwaltungs­

gesellschaft mbH, merger on 23 July 2021). The

agreed remuneration is between 2% and 3% of the net

rental income received (plus VAT) per month, depend­

ing on the property. Expenses of TEUR 1,941.7 (previ­

ous year: TEUR 1,827.1) were incurred in the report­

ing period.

A management and consulting contract exists with

Elgeti Brothers GmbH for asset management. The

agreed remuneration amounts to 0.5% per annum of

the gross asset value of the properties, calculated on

the basis of the acquisition prices and transaction

costs, and is paid in quarterly instalments. In the re­

porting period, expenses amounted to TEUR 3,991.0

(previous year: TEUR 3,687.1).

There is also a concession agreement with Elgeti

Brothers GmbH for the rental of parking facilities at

the Leipzig Löwenpark property by Elgeti Brothers

GmbH. The monthly lump sum to be paid to DKR

amounts to EUR 50.0 plus statutory VAT. The agree­

ment runs from 1 September 2022 for an indefinite

period and can be terminated by either party with

one month’s written notice. Another concession

agreement exists for the rental of the outdoor area of

the Wernigerode Altstadtpassage property. The agree­

ment begins on 1 February 2022 and ends on 31 De­

cember 2022. The agreement can be terminated by

either party by giving one month’s notice in accord­

Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG Notes

134:

letter dated 21 January 2022. The declaration of the Manage­

ment Board is under reserve until approval by the auditor which will occur presumably in January 2023.

Deutsche Konsum REIT­AG

Potsdam, 19 December 2022

The Management Board

Rolf Elgeti

Chairman of the

Management Board (CEO)

Alexander Kroth

Member of the

Management Board (CIO)

Christian Hellmuth

Member of the

Management Board (CFO)

Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG Declaration of compliance with the requirements of the REITG

157:

