managing director of Greener Pastures

Recycling.

Our journey with Thabiso started pre-listing,

with the launch of Alex Mall, where his

team was appointed to handle the waste

management and recycling contracts.

Fast forward five years and Thabiso and his

team were appointed as the waste management

team at Mall of Thembisa and have launched

a recycling buy-back centre that rewards

customers in real-time for recycling.

The first of its kind, Packa-Ching pop-up buy-

back centre was launched in November 2021.

Supported by Exemplar, Shoprite and Polyco,

Packa-Ching allows community members to

recycle packaging material such as plastic,

paper, cans and glass on site.

Recyclables are weighed and customers are

reimbursed in real-time via an eWallet system.

To date, 10,5 tonnes of waste have been

recycled by the Thembisa community, and

R37 960 has been paid back to them via the

eWallet system. This equates to an average

earning of R308 per person.

Not only does this encourage the community

to recycle, but it is also instrumental in creating

educational awareness around the importance

of recycling and the impact it has on the

environment.

The Exemplar team sat down with Thabiso to

find out more about his journey.

Who is Greener Pastures

Recycling and what is your

mission?

We are a youth-owned company that was

founded in 2013.

Fresh out of matric, with a passion for business,

youth employment and environmental

awareness, I wanted to improve waste

management and recycling while educating

people about the positive impact this could have

on our environment.

I began by using the research I had done in high

school regarding recycling and management

of waste to identify gaps in the market and

create potential employment opportunities.

After visiting various government institutions for

assistance to create a business plan and source

funding, I identified Limpopo as the province to

start my entrepreneurial journey.

After two years in Limpopo, I returned to

Gauteng to study for my LLB at the University

of South Africa while keeping the dream of a

recycling and waste management hub alive.

It was while studying part-time in 2015 that

I saw the gap I had been searching for.

I began renting out trucks to construction

sites and was able to fund my first 1 ton bakkie

with which I could start collecting waste and

separating it. I used the funds I made from

the recyclable material to make my monthly

vehicle repayments.

I started collecting waste from logistic

companies and shopping complexes around

Kempton Park and Thembisa and was able to

employ my first staff member.

The business faced some challenges in late

2016, and by early 2017, my bank notified me

that my bakkie would be repossessed if I could

not make the monthly instalments. It was then

that I met Lebo, a colleague from Alexandra who

wanted to partner up to do waste management

at Alex Mall.

We tendered for the job and when we were

awarded the contract, we were able to create

six jobs for unemployed youth in the area.

Through the partnership with Alex Mall

and the mentorship of Exemplar’s head

of operations, I branched into the medical

waste and waste to energy sectors.

In 2020 Greener Pastures won the 702 Nedbank

Business Ignite competition for showing drive

and resilience, and shortly thereafter we were

given the opportunity to manage the waste

contract at the Mall of Thembisa, which led

to the creation of nine more jobs.

In early 2022, after six years of studying part-

time, I received my LLB.

CASE STUDY

CASE STUDY:

GREENER PASTURES RECYCLING

GREENER PASTURES RECYCLING:

letter of representation to attend.

Dematerialised shareholders who have elected ‘own name’ registration in the sub-register through a CSDP and

who are unable to attend, but wish to vote at the AGM of shareholders, must complete and return the attached

form of proxy and lodge it with the transfer secretaries of the Company by 15h00 on Monday, 11 July 2022 to

allow for processing. Alternatively, the form of proxy may be handed to the chair of the AGM at any time prior to the

commencement of the AGM or prior to voting on any resolution proposed at the AGM. All beneficial owners whose

shares have been dematerialised through a CSDP or broker other than with ‘own name’ registration, must provide

the CSDP or broker with their voting instructions in terms of their custody agreement should they wish to vote

at the AGM. Alternatively, they may request the CSDP or broker to provide them with a: letter of representation, in

terms of their custody agreements, should they wish to attend the AGM. Such shareholder must not complete the

attached form of proxy.

In terms of section 63(1) of the Companies Act, meeting participants will be required to provide identification to

the reasonable satisfaction of the chair of the AGM and the chair must be reasonably satisfied that the right of any

person to participate in and vote (whether as a shareholder or as a proxy for a shareholder) has been reasonably

satisfied. Accordingly, valid identification is required in order to verify the participants who are entitled to participate

in, vote and speak at the meeting – this applies to both shareholders and proxies. Shareholders and proxies should,

therefore, ensure that such identification is available on the day of the meeting. Acceptable forms of identification

include valid identity documents, drivers’ licences and passports.

In order to more effectively record the votes and give effect to the intentions of shareholders, voting on all

resolutions will be conducted by way of a poll.

Telephonic participation

Shareholders who wish to participate in the AGM by way of telephone conference call must note that they will not

be able to vote during the AGM. Such shareholders, should they wish to have their vote counted at the AGM, must,

to the extent applicable (i) complete the form of proxy; or (ii) contact their CSDP or broker, as set out above.

In light of the directive announced on 23 March 2020 by the President of South Africa in terms of section 27(1) of

the Disaster Management Act, No. 57 of 2002 implementing a nationwide lockdown with effect from 26 March

2020 and which has been extended from time to time (Lockdown), and the guidance from the South African

Government regarding the need for social distancing, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, shareholders are

encouraged to make use of proxies at the AGM. In the event of a future Lockdown, future regulations or directives

or preventative measures relating to COVID-19, shareholders or their proxies may be prevented from attending the

AGM in person. In such circumstances, Exemplar may determine, by way of notice to shareholders published on

SENS by no later than 10 (ten) business days prior to the AGM, that the AGM will take place entirely by electronic

means and/or that shareholders or their proxies will be entitled to vote electronically, which notice will include

details and instructions of such arrangement.

Ananda Booysen

Company secretary

letter of representation to do so, or provide the CSDP or broker timeously with their

voting instructions should they not wish to attend the AGM in order for the CSDP or broker to vote in accordance

with their instructions at the AGM.

I/We

(names in block letters)

of

(address in block letters)

being the holder/s of

shares in the Company, do hereby appoint:

of

or failing him/her,

of

or failing him/her,

the Chair of the AGM,

as my/our proxy to attend and speak and to vote for me/us and on my/our behalf at the AGM and at any

adjournment or postponement thereof, for the purpose of considering and, if deemed fit, passing, with or without

modification, the resolutions to be proposed at the AGM, and to vote on the resolutions in respect of the ordinary

shares registered in my/our name(s), in the following manner:

Exemplar REITail Limited

(Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa)

Registration number 2018/022591/06

Approved as a REIT by the JSE

JSE share code: EXP

ISIN: ZAE000257549

LEI: 3789000558287E37F130

(Exemplar or the Company)

(FOR USE BY CERTIFICATED AND OWN-NAME

DEMATERIALISED SHAREHOLDERS ONLY)

RESOLUTIONS

FOR*

AGAINST*

ABSTAIN*

ORDINARY RESOLUTIONS

Ordinary resolution 1: Approval of director appointed by the board:

1.1 Nonyameko Mandindi

Ordinary resolution 2: Re-election of directors retiring by rotation:

2.1 Duncan A Church

2.2 Nonyameko Mandindi

2.3 Gregory VC Azzopardi

Ordinary resolution 3: Re-appointment of external auditor

Ordinary resolution 4: Re-appointment of members of the Audit and

Risk Committee:

3.1 Peter J Katzenellenbogen

3.2 Frank M Berkeley

3.3 Elias P Maponya

Ordinary resolution 5: General authority to issue shares for cash

Ordinary resolution 6: Approval of the share incentive scheme

Ordinary resolution 7: Authorisation to sign documents

NON-BINDING ADVISORY RESOLUTIONS

Non-binding advisory resolution 1: Approval of remuneration policy

Non-binding advisory resolution 2: Approval of remuneration

implementation report

SPECIAL RESOLUTIONS

Special resolution 1: Approval of fees payable to non-executive directors

Special resolution 2: General authority to repurchase shares

Special resolution 3: Financial assistance in terms of section 45 of

the Companies Act

Special resolution 4: Financial assistance in terms of section 44 of

the Companies Act

* One vote per share held by shareholders, recorded in the register on the record date.

Signed at

on

2022

Full name(s) and capacity

Signature

Assisted by (where applicable)

Please read the notes to the form of proxy overleaf.:

