Managing Director Business; LN Mahluza Chief People Officer;

*N Sing Chief Risk Officer; AP Theophanides Chief Sustainability Officer; *NA le Riche Chief Growth Officer; *ML Tshabalala Audit & Assurance; AM Babu Consulting;

TA Odukoya Financial Advisory; G Rammego Risk Advisory; DI Kubeka Tax & Legal; DP Ndlovu Chair of the Board

A full list of partners and directors is available on request

* Partner and Registered Auditor

B-BBEE rating: Level 1 contribution in terms of the DTI Generic Scorecard as per the amended Codes of Good Practice

Associate of Deloitte Africa, a Member of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited

in accordance with the Independent

Regulatory Board for Auditors’ Code

of Professional Conduct for Registered

Auditors (IRBA Code) and other

independence requirements applicable to

performing audits of financial statements

in South Africa. We have fulfilled our other

ethical responsibilities in accordance with

the IRBA Code and in accordance with

other ethical requirements applicable

to performing audits in South Africa.

The IRBA Code is consistent with the

corresponding sections of the International

Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’

(IESBA) International Code of Ethics

for Professional Accountants (including

International Independence Standards)

(IESBA Code). We believe that the audit

evidence we have obtained is sufficient

and appropriate to provide a basis for

our opinion.

Key audit matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated and

separate financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated and

separate financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

Key audit matter

How the matter was addressed in the audit

Valuation of investment property

At 30 June 2022 investment properties represents 66% of the Group’s total

assets. Investment properties itself increased by 11.32% from R28.4 billion

to R31.6 billion. This increase is mainly attributable to additions in under

development property as well as the acquisition of the Romanian properties.

The revaluation of these properties to their fair market value is considered to

be a key audit matter due to the large degree of subjectivity and judgement

included in the determination of these fair values and the significant impact

that this has on the net asset value of the Group, a key performance

indicator to the shareholders.

The Group uses six external valuers to determine the annual fair value of

the investment properties in line with the JSE Listings Requirements, being

CBRE Excellerate, Jones Lang LaSalle, Quadrant Properties, Cushman and

Wakefield, Strata Properties and Knight Frank. In the previous financial year,

the Group used five valuators.

The valuers valued portfolios based on their expertise in certain markets,

being CBRE Excellerate for the Gauteng logistics and industrial properties,

Jones Lang LaSalle for large retail properties and large logistics properties in

Gauteng, KwaZulu Natal and Western Cape, Quadrant Properties for retail

properties (smaller non-metropolitan centers), Cushman and Wakefield for

the Romanian logistics properties, Strata Properties for the office portfolio,

and Knight Frank for the Polish logistics properties.

The South African valuers as well as Cushman and Wakefield used a

discounted cashflow approach to value properties and capitalisation rate

method is utilised as a reasonability test. The Central and Eastern European

valuers used the hardcore/ layer method to value the properties in Poland.

As detailed in note 26 of the consolidated and separate financial

statements, the Polish portfolio valuers issued their valuation reports with

a caveat in respect of potential greater volatility to the value of the asset

than what would usually be expected due to the Russian full-scale invasion

of Ukraine. In respect of the Romanian portfolio valuers’ 2022 valuation

reports, the reports were issued with a caveat regarding potential future

risks in respect of COVID-19 and the degree of valuation uncertainty.

In the 2021 financial year, the South African portfolio valuers issued their

valuation reports with a material uncertainty clause due to the impact of

the COVID-19 pandemic on the market activity and the economy.

This does not mean the valuations cannot be relied upon however there

is less certainty and a higher degree of caution is to be attached to the

valuations when compared to years prior to COVID-19.

The inputs as disclosed in notes 3, 25.5 and 26 of the consolidated and

separate financial statements with the most significant impact on these

valuations include discount rates and capitalisation rates. The other

unobservable inputs into these valuations include the estimated market

rentals at the end of the existing leases, vacancy periods, expected market

rental growth, property operating expense growth, occupancy rates,

maintenance costs as well as the capital costs such as new tenant fit-outs

and agency commission fees.

We assessed the competence, capabilities and objectivity of

the Group’s external valuers and verified their qualifications.

We discussed the scope of their work with management

and reviewed their terms of engagement to determine that

there were no matters that affected their independence and

objectivity, or imposed scope limitations upon them. We

confirmed that the approaches they used are consistent with

IFRS and industry norms.

We evaluated and challenged the judgements applied by them

in determining fair value, in particular:

• the models used by the external valuers; and

• the significant assumptions, including net income

projections used, discount rates, capitalisation rates, exit

cap rates, vacancy rates, expected cash flows and any

adjustment factors.

We tested a selection of data inputs underpinning the

investment property valuation including rental income,

acquisition cost schedules and lease periods against

appropriate supporting documentation, to assess the

accuracy, reliability and completeness thereof.

In addition, we engaged a suitably qualified auditor’s expert to

assess the reasonability and appropriateness of the valuation

models, methodologies and inputs used by the external

valuers on a sample of valuations that covered all South

African external valuers, geographical locations within South

Africa and property portfolios.

We have assessed whether the disclosures in the financial

statements are appropriate and in accordance with IFRS 13

Fair Value Measurement.

While we note that there is still estimation uncertainty in

relation to the property valuations as a result of COVID-19,

we have found the models used for the investment property

valuations and assumptions applied by management in the

valuation models to be within a reasonable range.

The investment property disclosures in the consolidated

financial statements are appropriate and comprehensive.

10

11

Fortress REIT Limited

Annual financial statements 2022

Fortress REIT Limited

Annual financial statements 2022

Annual financial

statements:

