Managing Director Asset Management (Ireland & Scotland)

A prime urban multi-use estate across 26 acres

in principal south Dublin location.

Dundrum Town Centre is Ireland’s pre-eminent

retail destination and point of entry for new brands,

international and homegrown, by some considerable

margin. To capitalise and drive further value we

are advancing at pace ambitious plans to unlock

the complementary value of the adjacent

development land.

MAXIMISING OPPORTUNITIES

Three Key Themes

Strength of core retail

1

— Re-anchored 18,600m2 since 2020 to Brown Thomas,

Penneys & Dunnes Stores

— This created momentum to leverage our international

relationships and attract firsts to Ireland brands

including Nike Live Concept and Watches of

Switzerland, as well as Ireland’s largest Lush store

Successful diversification

2

1

— Commencement of construction October 2022 of

The Ironworks residential development comprising

122 apartments over existing car park

— Established thriving restaurant, social, leisure

and cultural hub in the architecturally acclaimed

Pembroke Square redevelopment anchored by

premium bowling concept

— Converted former storage to 1,000m2 penthouse office

suite – occupier identified and contract in discussion

Unlocking Dundrum for generations to come

3

— Planning decision awaited for residential led application

for c. 900 apartments across six acre site

— Design of residential scheme informed by key design

principles and based on stakeholder feedback:

inclusivity, sustainability and revitalisation of town

main street

— Create contemporary and vibrant residential location

to deliver a world class multi-use estate

3

Hammerson plc Annual Report 2022:

Managing Director France

CASE STUDY

Maximising core

retail opportunities

and diversifying the

occupier mix

Les 3 Fontaines, Cergy

4

Hammerson plc Annual Report 2022

STRATEGIC REPORT

OUR ASSETS AND DEVELOPMENTS:

Managing Director UK &

Ireland and European Commercial Officer at ODEON. From 17 April

2023, Carol will become CEO of A.F. Blakemore & Son Ltd. Carol is our

Designated Non-Executive Director for Colleague Engagement.

Robert Noel

Chair of the Board

Appointed to the Board

1 September 2020 and appointed as Chair on 7 September 2020

Robert brings extensive property industry knowledge and experience

to the Board having built a long and successful career spanning over

30 years in the real estate sector, including at other listed companies.

Most notably, Robert was Chief Executive at Land Securities Group Plc

(Landsec) from 2012 until March 2020. Prior to joining Landsec in

2010, Robert was Property Director at Great Portland Estates Plc from

2002 to 2009 and from 1992 to 2002 he was a Director of Nelson

Bakewell, the property services group. Robert is a past president of the

British Property Federation. He will become Chair of Taylor Wimpey plc

at the conclusion of its AGM in April 2023.

External Listed Directorships

Senior Independent Director at Taylor Wimpey plc.

65

Hammerson plc Annual Report 2022:

DEAR SHAREHOLDERS

I am pleased to present the Corporate

Governance Report for 2022. The Company is

subject to the UK Corporate Governance Code

2018 (the Code), which is available on the

website of the Financial Reporting Council at

www.frc.org.uk. The purpose of the Code is to

promote the highest ethical and governance

standards for UK premium listed businesses

to contribute to long term sustainable success.

The Board considers that the Company has

applied all of the principles and complied with

all of the provisions of the Code during 2022

with the exception that Habib Annous had

served on the Remuneration Committee for

a week short of 12 months when he became

Chair of the Committee on 28 April 2022

(having been appointed as a member of the

Committee on 5 May 2021) rather than the

12 months required by the Code. However,

the Board was satisfied that Habib had

appropriate skills and experience to serve

as Chair given his time as a member of the

Committee and other relevant experience.

The Company’s compliance with the Code is

reported against each of the five main sections

of the Code: Board leadership and Company

purpose; division of responsibilities;

composition, succession and evaluation; audit,

risk and internal control; and remuneration.

The Company’s disclosures on the way it has

applied the principles of the Code can be

found throughout this Annual Report on the

following pages:

Code section

Page

Board leadership and Company

purpose

The role of the Board

66

Purpose and strategy

66

Culture and values

66

Stakeholder and workforce engagement

67

Division of responsibilities

The roles of the Directors

68

Director commitment

69

Board Committees

70

Board support

70

Composition, succession and

evaluation

Composition and succession

70

Board effectiveness review

70

Nomination and Governance Committee

Report

72

Audit, risk and internal control

Risk management and internal controls

71

Fair, balanced and understandable

assessment

71

Audit Committee Report

76

Remuneration

Directors’ Remuneration Report

82

BOARD LEADERSHIP AND COMPANY

PURPOSE

The role of the Board

The primary duty of the Board is to promote

the long term success of the Company through

setting a clear purpose and strategy which

creates long term value for its shareholders

and other stakeholders. It aligns the Group’s

culture with its strategy, purpose and values

and sets the strategic direction and governance

of the Group. The Board has ultimate

responsibility for the Group’s management,

strategic direction and performance and

ensuring that sufficient resources are available

to enable management to meet the strategic

objectives set.

The Company has a Schedule of Matters

Reserved for the Board (Matters Reserved),

which was reviewed and updated in

December 2022, and is available to view at

www.hammerson.com. The Board undertakes

various duties in accordance with the Matters

Reserved, including approving major

acquisitions, disposals, capital expenditure

and financing. The Board also oversees the

system of internal controls and risk

management, including climate-related

risks and opportunities, and approves and

monitors performance against the annual

Business Plan.

Details of the Board of Directors of the

Company as at the date of this report are set

out on pages 64 to 65 and further information

on each Director can be found on the

Company’s website at www.hammerson.com.

Details of the various Director roles are set out

in the ‘Division of responsibilities’ section on

page 68 and details of Board and Committee

changes during the year can be found in the

Nomination and Governance Committee

Report on pages 72 to 75.

Key activities of the Board in 2022

During 2022, among other things, the Board

spent time on:

— Strategic aims and the financial and

operating performance of the Company

— External economic developments and

other trends relevant to the Company

— Stakeholder matters, including

consideration of developments relevant

to colleagues, shareholders, partners and

other stakeholders

— Investment and disposal proposals and

planning

— The Company’s annual and half year

reporting, including considerations relating

to dividends

— Strategic projects and initiatives affecting

the Company

— The review and approval of the Company’s

business plan

— The Company’s purpose, vision and values

— Sustainability and the wider ESG agenda

— Matters relating to risk and the internal

control framework together with IT and

cyber matters

— The external Board and Committee

effectiveness evaluation.

Purpose and strategy

The Board discharged its responsibilities in

relation to strategy and purpose through a

number of activities in the year. These included

the annual Board strategy session held in

October 2022, which covered a wide range

of strategic issues with input from senior

management from across the business.

In addition, the Board considers strategic

matters as part of regular meetings through

the year. At each scheduled meeting,

management provide updates on

performance against strategic goals and

initiatives, together with relevant updates

on external developments.

During 2022, the Company has evolved its

purpose and strategic objectives. The Group

has a clear purpose: we create outstanding

experiences in unique city locations. The Board

spent time discussing and approving the

purpose statement, including consideration

of feedback provided by colleagues.

Throughout 2022, the Board focused on

providing leadership and support to the

Executive team as well as an objective,

independent and constructive view on the

Company’s strategy and business model,

to ensure they adequately reflect the core

capabilities of the business and the changing

external environment, particularly during

a period of challenging macroeconomic

conditions. This includes the refresh of the

Company’s sustainability strategy which was

launched during the first half of the year.

Further detail on how the Company generates

and preserves value over the long term is set

out in the Chief Executive’s statement on

pages 10 to 15 and Our business model on

pages 18 to 19.

Culture and values

The Board recognises the importance that

culture and values play in the long term

success and sustainability of the Company,

and the role of the Board in establishing,

monitoring and assessing culture. During

2022, the contribution of culture and values

has been an important focus for the Board.

66

Hammerson plc Annual Report 2022

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT:

DEAR SHAREHOLDERS

I am pleased to present the Report of the

Nomination and Governance Committee

(the Committee) covering the work of the

Committee during 2022.

In December 2022, the existing Nomination

Committee was reconstituted as the

Nomination and Governance Committee with

a broadened remit, which now includes certain

additional corporate governance related

responsibilities, previously the responsibility

of the full Board. This change will enable

enhanced focus on corporate governance

matters whilst ensuring that relevant items are

escalated to the full Board where appropriate.

The Committee comprises all our Non-

Executive Directors and its terms of reference

can be found on the Company’s website at

www.hammerson.com. The Chief Executive

and Chief People Officer attend meetings

by invitation, together with the General

Counsel and Company Secretary, who acts as

Secretary to the Committee. The Committee is

responsible for recommending appointments

to the Board and its Committees and ensures

that plans have been put in place for the

orderly succession to the Board, its

Committees and the senior management

team. This includes the development of a

pipeline of potential candidates to the Board

and the senior management team with the

necessary skills and experience, while also

taking into account diversity and inclusion.

The Committee is now also responsible for

overseeing the Board effectiveness review and

monitoring developments relating to corporate

governance, bringing any issues to the

attention of the Board.

Key activities in 2022

During the year the Committee met twice and

its activities included:

— Considering Board composition and

succession

— Assessing the composition of the Board’s

Committees

— Reviewing talent and executive

management succession planning

— The annual review of the Board’s Diversity &

Inclusion Policy and Overboarding Policy

Robert Noel

Chair of the Nomination and Governance

Committee

Overseeing matters related to corporate

governance and ensuring the Board and

its Committees have the right combination

of skills, experience and knowledge –

with engaged Directors and suitable

succession planning.

Nomination and Governance

Committee Report

72

Hammerson plc Annual Report 2022

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

NOMINATION AND GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE REPORT

Committee members

Robert Noel (Chair)

Habib Annous

Méka Brunel

Mike Butterworth

Adam Metz

Carol Welch:

DEAR SHAREHOLDERS

As Chair of the Audit Committee (the

Committee), I am pleased to present my

report for the year ended 31 December 2022.

This report sets out the activities undertaken

by the Committee during the year and offers

insight into how the Committee has discharged

the responsibilities delegated to it by the Board

and the key areas of focus it has considered

in doing so.

Audit Committee Report

COMMITTEE GOVERNANCE

The Committee plays a key governance role for

the Group and in meeting its responsibilities,

the Committee continues to consider the

provisions of the UK Corporate Governance

Code (the Code) and the FRC Guidance on

Audit Committees. The Committee’s terms

of reference are available to view at

www.hammerson.com.

Membership and meetings

The Committee continues to be comprised

exclusively of independent Non-Executive

Directors. There were no changes in the

membership of the Committee during the year,

other than the retirement from the Board

and the Committee of Andrew Formica on

28 April 2022.

The Committee met five times during the year.

The agenda for each meeting is planned

around the Group’s annual reporting cycle and

includes particular matters for the Committee’s

consideration. Following each meeting,

the Board is appraised of matters arising from

the Committee.

The Chair of the Board, the Chief Executive, the

Chief Financial Officer and other members of

the senior finance team, together with senior

representatives of the Company’s External

Auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC),

are invited to attend all or part of meetings as

appropriate. In order to fulfil its duties as set out

in its terms of reference, the Audit Committee

receives presentations and reviews reports

from the Group’s senior management and from

the Group’s independent valuers, consulting as

necessary with PwC.

The Committee meets, with no Company

management present, at least once a year with

PwC, and at least once with the Group’s

member of management responsible for

internal audit, enterprise risk and ESG.

Committee members

Mike Butterworth (Chair)

Habib Annous

Adam Metz

76

Hammerson plc Annual Report 2022

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT:

DEAR SHAREHOLDERS

This is my first report as the Chair of the

Remuneration Committee (the Committee)

and I am pleased to present our Directors’

Remuneration Report (the Report) for the

year ended 31 December 2022.

Context for the Committee’s decisions

At the end of 2021 as we planned for 2022,

the macroeconomic debate focused on the

impacts of transitory inflation and how we

would emerge from the Omicron variant

increase in Covid-19 cases. In early 2022,

the war in Ukraine increased macroeconomic

headwinds, with the accompanying rise in

energy and food costs contributing to

Directors’ Remuneration Report

inflationary pressures and a subsequent cost

of living crisis. The second half of the year saw

UK political instability add to the volatile

economic landscape and the Central Banks

have raised interest rates much higher than

previously expected in response to the

entrenched inflationary pressures.

Notwithstanding extreme volatility and

uncertainty, management continued to make

significant operational and financial progress

towards achieving the strategic goals outlined

in 2021, focused on our four key pillars:

— Reinvigorate our assets

— Accelerate development

— Create an agile platform

— Deliver a sustainable and resilient

capital structure

These goals are underpinned by our

commitment to sustainability which continued

to be a priority for the management team.

Remuneration Policy and stakeholder

engagement

The current Remuneration Policy was

approved at the AGM on 28 April 2020 with

91.3% of shares voted in favour. The last

Report, which explained how we applied that

policy in 2021 and intended to do so in 2022,

was also approved with 92.7% of shares voted

in favour.

As required under the regulations, the policy

is subject to renewal at the 2023 AGM.

The Committee reviewed the operation and

impact of the policy, actively engaging with

approximately 60% of the share register and

the principal proxy advisory firms. We appreciate

the time shareholders took to consider and

provide feedback on the proposals. As is often

the case, shareholder perspective on the

policy and its implementation was varied. In

addition to the written responses we received,

we also had the opportunity to meet with our

largest shareholders. All the feedback received

was reviewed and discussed extensively at our

Remuneration Committee meetings.

Committee members

Habib Annous (Chair)

Méka Brunel

Carol Welch

82

Hammerson plc Annual Report 2022

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION REPORT

CHAIR’S ANNUAL STATEMENT:

letter on pages 82 and 83.

Remuneration Policy for Executive Directors

SALARY

Purpose and link to strategy

— To continue to retain and attract quality leaders.

— To recognise accountabilities, skills, experience and value.

Operation

— Paid monthly in cash.

— Reviewed but not necessarily increased annually by the Committee.

— In undertaking reviews, the Committee will take into account a variety of factors, including

Company and individual performance, market conditions, the level of salary increases

awarded to other employees of the Group, and a comparison against both a relevant property

peer group and a group of entities of comparable size selected by the Committee (currently

the larger REITs and an appropriate pan-sector group of companies with a comparable

market capitalisation and/or portfolio size).

— The Committee is aware of the limitations of benchmarking and of the need to avoid

inflationary upward trends. However, benchmarking is considered at both base salary and

total remuneration level, and the Committee generally considers that pay will be within a

range of +/- 10% of a median benchmark but also takes into account such other factors as

it considers appropriate and is not constrained by this default.

Maximum potential value

— The base salary for any existing Executive Director shall not exceed £850,000 (or the

equivalent if denominated in a different currency), with this limit increasing annually at the

rate of UK CPI from the date of the 2017 AGM.

Performance measures

— Not applicable.

85

Hammerson plc Annual Report 2022

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION REPORT

DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION POLICY:

letter.

89

Hammerson plc Annual Report 2022:

letter at the start of this report.

Illustration of application of the Policy

Set out below is an illustration of the reward mix for the Executive Directors at minimum, on-target and maximum performance under the Policy.

Illustration of application of the Policy (£000s)

Rita-Rose Gagné

2023 ﬁxed

2023 on-target

2023 maximum

2023 maximum

+ share price growth

(based on value of award)

Fixed

Annual variable

Long-term incentives

50% Share price growth

809 (100%)

£809

809 (36%)

809 (27%)

809 (24%)

713 (32%)

£2,235

713 (32%)

1,426 (49%)

1,426 (43%)

713 (24%)

£2,947

713 (22%)

356 (11%)

£3,304

Illustration of application of the Policy (£000s)

Himanshu Raja

2023 ﬁxed

2023 on-target

2023 maximum

2023 maximum

+ share price growth

(based on value of award)

Fixed

Annual variable

Long-term incentives

50% Share price growth

527 (100%)

£527

527 (44%)

527 (34%)

527 (30%)

342 (28%)

£1,211

342 (28%)

684 (44%)

684 (40%)

342 (22%)

£1,553

342 (20%)

171 (10%)

£1,724

96

Hammerson plc Annual Report 2022

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION REPORT

DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION POLICY continued:

letter on page 82), the Company has proposed changes to the Remuneration

Policy, and will present the revised Policy (set out on pages 85 to 97) to shareholders for approval at the 2023 Annual General Meeting. If the new

Remuneration Policy is approved by shareholders, the Company intends to implement the new Policy in 2023 as shown below. If the new Policy

is not approved by shareholders, then the existing Remuneration Policy would instead remain in place and continue to operate.

In implementing the Remuneration Policy, the Committee will continue to take into account factors such as remuneration packages available

within comparable companies: the Group’s overall performance; internal relativities; achievement of corporate objectives; individual performance

and experience; published views of institutional investors; and general market and wider economic trends.

Summary of planned implementation of the Remuneration Policy during 2023

Salary

Policy

Purpose and link to strategy

Performance measures

Operation

To continue to retain and attract quality leaders

To recognise accountabilities, skills, experience

and value

Not applicable

Reviewed but not necessarily increased annually by

the Committee

The base salary for any existing Executive Director will not

exceed £850,000 (or the equivalent if denominated in a

different currency), with this limit increasing annually at the

rate of UK CPI from the date of the 2017 AGM

Implementation

An increase of 4% was approved for each of the Executive Directors to take effect on 1 April 2023.

2023 Executive Directors’ salaries

£000

Rita-Rose Gagné

713

Himanshu Raja

456

Benefits

Policy

Purpose and link to strategy

Performance measures

Operation

To provide a range of benefits in line with

market practice To continue to retain and attract

quality leaders

Not applicable

The aggregate value received by each Executive Director

(based on value of P11D tax calculations or equivalent basis

for a non-UK based Executive Director) will not exceed

£100,000, with this maximum increasing annually at the

rate of UK CPI from the date of the 2017 AGM

Implementation

In 2023, these benefits will continue to include a car allowance, enhanced sick pay, private medical insurance, permanent health insurance and

life assurance.

Pension

Policy

Purpose and link to strategy

Performance measures

Operation

To provide market competitive retirement

benefits to continue to retain and attract

quality leaders

Not applicable

Executive Directors receive a 10% non-contributory allowance

(Pension Choice) to be paid as, or as a combination of:

– an employer contribution to the Group’s defined

contribution pension plan;

– a payment to a personal pension plan; or

– a salary supplement.

Implementation

Executive Directors will continue to receive a 10% salary supplement by way of pension provision.

109

Hammerson plc Annual Report 2022:

