letter of representation

to participate in the annual general meeting, in the

manner stipulated in the relevant custody agreement.

The: letter of representation will need to be submitted

together with the completed Electronic Participation

Application Form to the company’s transfer secretaries

and to Heriot in the manner and within the timeframe

described above under the section titled “Electronic

participation” or be provided at the meeting itself on

the request of the Company Secretary.

If these shareholders do not wish to participate in the

Annual General Meeting in person, they must provide

the CSDP or broker with their voting instructions in

terms of the relevant custody agreement entered into

between them and the CSDP or broker.

Certificated shareholders and

dematerialised shareholders with

“own name” registration

Those certificated shareholders and dematerialised

shareholders with “own name” registration, who wish

to participate in the Annual General Meeting (either

in person or represented by proxy), must submit a

completed Electronic Participation Application Form

to the company’s transfer secretaries and to Heriot in

the manner and within the timeframe described above

under the section titled “Electronic participation”.

1.

Ordinary resolutions

To consider and, if deemed fit, to pass, with or without

modification, the following ordinary resolutions. The

percentage of voting rights that will be required for the

adoption of each ordinary resolution is the support

of more than 50% (fifty percent) of the voting rights

exercised on the resolution. In the case of ordinary

resolution number 10 and number 11, the JSE Listings

Requirements prescribe a 75% (seventy-five percent)

majority vote.

1.1

Ordinary resolution number 1 – adoption of

the annual financial statements

“Resolved that the annual financial statements of

the company for the year ended 30 June 2022,

incorporating the reports of the auditors, the directors,

the Audit and Risk Committee, and the Social

and Ethics Committee, which will be presented to

shareholders as required in terms of section 30(3)(d) of

the Companies Act, be and are hereby adopted.”

1.2

Ordinary resolution number 2 – appointment/

election of directors

1.2.1 Re-election of Selwyn Joel Blieden as a non-

executive director

“Resolved to re-elect, Selwyn Blieden as a director

of the company who, in terms of Article 26.12 of the

company’s Memorandum of Incorporation, retires

by rotation at this annual general meeting but, being

eligible to do so, offers himself for re-election.”

Note: The curriculum vitae of Selwyn Blieden is

provided on page 3 of the integrated annual report.

1.2.2 Appointment of Janys Ann Finn as a non-

executive director

“Resolved to elect Janys Finn in terms of Article 26.12

of the company’s Memorandum of Incorporation, as

a non-executive director of the company effective

immediately for the ensuing year.”

Note: The curriculum vitae of Janys Finn is provided on

page 2 of the integrated annual report.

Notice of annual general meeting continued

