Managing director’s review, page 10

Financial director’s review, page 36

SERT Committee chairman’s review,

page 54

Our board and governance structures,

pages 65 – 69

Strategy, page 22

Business model, page 24

Material matters, page 26

Risks and opportunities, page 29

Stakeholder engagement, page 34

Operating environment, page 19

Property sector performance overview,

page 40

Residential sector review, page 45

Commercial sector review, page 49

Environmental impacts, page 57

Social impacts, page 61

Our environmental,

social and

governance

(ESG) impacts

Our

performance

Our

business drivers

Our

leadership

Our

company

Octodec Investments Limited (Octodec or the company), its subsidiaries and associated company (the group) is a Real Estate Investment Trust

(REIT) listed on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE) Ltd. We manage our portfolio by maintaining sound property fundamentals in central

business district (CBD) nodes and urban areas where demand is robust. Established in 1956, listed on the JSE in 1990 and converted to a REIT in

2013, Octodec has unlocked value in urban spaces for over 60 years.:

managing director and financial director of Octodec.

See the remuneration review on page 79 and the appendix on page 172 for detail.

This integrated report does not always distinguish between the activities of Octodec and the services

City Property provides to Octodec in terms of the management agreement, as these are performed at

the behest of Octodec.

012central:

Managing director’s review

Financial director’s review

SERT Committee chairman’s review

Our board and governance structures

I reflect on the year with a

sense of pride in Octodec’s

achievements. Through

concerted discipline,

determination and effort in

a difficult operating

environment over the

past few years, our business

has emerged stronger

and is well-poised to

enter a better

economic cycle.

Octodec has produced pleasing results because of hard work and a focus on strengthening our

balance sheet. This ensured resilience through the weak economic cycle from which we are all

recovering, despite lingering macroeconomic challenges. While we are not immune to the effects of

inflationary pressure in this post-pandemic environment, it is heartening to see the residential sector

bouncing back, and general activity returning.

We continue to believe in the CBDs as thriving commercial and residential ecosystems, and general

market improvement ultimately filters through to all sectors. As world trade resumes, people are

returning to offices in the new hybrid model of working and our flexible spaces continue to fulfil the

interrelated needs of residents, students, entrepreneurs and businesses in the cities.

Beyond simply weathering the storm, Octodec’s

efforts to strengthen all performance metrics have

placed the Group in a stronger position than

pre‑pandemic to focus on future growth.

Some of the strategic highlights include extending loan expiries, reducing our loan to value (LTV)

ratio and increasing our interest cover ratio (ICR). We used the percentage of distributable income

held back last year to strengthen our balance sheet. We remained resolute in not sacrificing long-

term sustainability for short-term gains and, as such, our investors understand that the retention

of earnings for future development and growth projects is a sustainable strategy in volatile market

conditions.

The board of Octodec has declared a dividend of 130 cents for FY2022, and will monitor the

dividend policy going forward, ensuring a balance between Octodec’s financial position and

shareholder expectations.

See the Financial director’s review, page 36.

Addressing tenant affordability

Given the high inflationary operating environment, we are mindful of tenant affordability and use

our skill and expertise to develop existing properties to meet the needs of tenants. Octodec was

the pioneer in converting offices into residential spaces and we continue to seek enterprising

and imaginative solutions to cater for changing dynamics. This agility to adapt serves the needs

of tenants as well as our shareholders in a mutual goal of sustainability. The board encourages

management in their approach to innovation.

Leadership reports

Chairman’s review

Sharon Wapnick

Chairman:

Managing director’s review

Financial director’s review

SERT Committee chairman’s review

Our board and governance structures

Agility is one of our most important sustainable

advantages.

Octodec strives to balance high quality accommodation with appropriately priced and attractive

options for the young people entering the CBDs. As such, we undertook an innovative pilot project

to provide shared, semi-furnished accommodation at one of our properties in Tshwane without

compromising on our standards of maintenance and cleanliness. The concept was successful, and

we are planning to roll-out the offering across more of our properties.

Governance and leadership

Octodec has a strong track record of good governance and corporate citizenship, including the

upliftment of the areas in which we operate. We report extensively on our cooperation with inner-city

stakeholders to provide and maintain dignified spaces for all. The board ensures all stakeholders are

actively informed, and we encourage them to visit our properties in the CBDs to experience first-hand,

and gain insights into, our unique strengths in the cities.

The board considered the newly released JSE guidelines on sustainability and climate disclosure

against a property and company-specific checklist and we are in the process of seeking further

opportunities to enhance our tenant environmental management. City Property has appointed an

executive to manage this process and report directly to the board. Refer to the ESG Reporting section

on page 54 for detail.

The Octodec board brings an extensive depth of experience and guidance to the management

company. We undertake frequent interactions with City Property at all levels and ensure that a

comprehensive structure of suitably skilled senior management does not expose the business to any

single change or movement.

The Nominations Committee met in October 2022 and concluded that the independent directors, who

have served on Octodec’s board for several years, bring a wealth of experience to the board, and that

they continue to serve as independent non-executive directors. Refer to the Nominations Committee

review on page 76.

As part of the board’s approach to proactive good governance, we undertook an extensive and

thorough review of all our regulatory and risk policies and terms of reference to ensure that they are in

order and well-documented. The audit committee also emphasised the importance of the company’s

compliance with the Information Technology (IT) governance framework.

Focus areas and the way forward

I am optimistic that, because of the group’s disciplined approach to balance sheet management,

Octodec is in a solid position to build on current momentum. Our focus remains on capital recycling

and the further reduction of our LTV ratio as we explore opportunities to re-imagine spaces.

Moving forward, we will continue to evaluate opportunities to sell identified non-core properties

and use the proceeds to reduce debt and enhance our existing properties. We remain open to

opportunities for development and acquisition, being cognisant of tenant affordability and increasing

service delivery costs.

As always, we remain aware of the environment in fostering a sustainable business and we also aim to

pursue opportunities to continue with board diversity as it arises.

Appreciation

I am deeply grateful to all our internal and external stakeholders for their patience in seeing us through

challenging times into a more optimistic outlook. I am very pleased that Octodec has navigated

difficult circumstances and implemented sustainable changes that should see us through future

economic cycles.

I would like to express my gratitude and appreciation to all employees and management of City

Property and Octodec for their extraordinary efforts and dedication and to my fellow directors for

their unwavering support and guidance. I acknowledge that our resilience and responsiveness to

dramatically changed conditions was forged through hard work under trying conditions. However,

our persistence in turning obstacles into opportunities allows us all to move forward and prosper with

renewed energy and determination to deliver a sustainable business under difficult conditions for all

our stakeholders into the future.

Sharon Wapnick

Chairman

29 November 2022:

Managing director’s review

Financial director’s review

SERT Committee chairman’s review

Our board and governance structures

Octodec’s historical

performance was reduced

somewhat with the effects

of the pandemic over the

past two years, but we

have turned the corner

and are seeing a reduction

in vacancies and a strong

recovery especially

in residential and

industrial sectors.

Q: REITs have long been considered attractive assets to investors and Octodec

has a consistent record of delivering satisfactory returns. How resilient are REITs

to a crisis such as the pandemic and how has Octodec positioned itself in the

emerging post-pandemic environment?

A: Across the world, the pandemic presented a significant challenge to the REIT industry, with the

traditional office sector being particularly hard-hit. There was a collective effort across South African

REITs to issue rental discounts and ensure business sustainability for tenants through the pandemic.

Emerging from that crisis, 2022 was a year of consolidation and recovery, with many rentals having

been reset.

Octodec is well on the road back to pre-pandemic levels of performance, having proven a degree

of resilience through the crisis. We are seeing a reduction in vacancies and an increase in enquiries

for space, especially in the residential and industrial sectors. Our convenience shopping centres

have always remained in demand. However, we have maintained lower rentals in some instances, in

preference to having vacancies.

We digitised our marketing, applications and leasing processes and this yielded good results in our

portfolio.

Q: The lifting of pandemic-related restrictions has brought respite for selected

business tenants. However, global geopolitical tensions with resulting rising

energy costs, interest rate increases and inflation have subdued economic

recovery to some degree. How does the prevailing market volatility affect

Octodec’s performance in the short-term?

A: Reduced vacancies and increased enquiries bode well for the future. However, current market

volatility and price hikes affect businesses across the board, and we remain cautious in our capital

expenditure. This year, we invested R50 million in refurbishments at 36 buildings in response to

increasing demand for quality accommodation in both residential and national retail commercial

space in the areas in which we operate.

Our portfolio of shopping centres and light-industry industrial parks has demonstrated resilience

during tough times. While the high inflationary environment may affect retailers selling luxury

goods, our convenience shopping centres are well-located to serve the essential needs of their

communities and have loyal customer bases.

Our light industrial tenants continue to flourish despite municipal power and water shortages.

The demand for the industrial sites is strong and in many cases we are able to increase rentals.

While the office sector has been severely impacted by post-pandemic work-from-home policies,

our Government office tenants have withstood the pandemic pressure.

See Operating environment, page 19 and Property sector review, page 40.: Managing director’s review

Jeffrey Wapnick

Managing director

Managing director’s review

Financial director’s review

SERT Committee chairman’s review

Our board and governance structures

Q: Socioeconomic development remains at the forefront of our country’s priorities.

How does Octodec make a positive contribution to the areas in which you operate?

Which social or environmental initiatives stand out for you in the past year?

A: The lack of job creation and the associated increase in unemployment in South Africa is a concern.

However, we have seen continued migration from rural areas to the CBDs, with the lower income

population seeking safe and secure accommodation from which to build their lives and careers.

Affordable, quality residential space in the CBDs

fulfils a primary need, regardless of market

dynamics.

To further enable entry-level affordability, we have enhanced our spaces by equipping two of our

residential apartments, Nedbank Plaza and Howzit Hilda, for sharing, as well as providing semi-

furnished essentials. This was initially done on a pilot basis. It is now our intention to roll out more of

these shared spaces in our residential portfolio.

The demand for this entry‑level space for single

people is evident, and we provide affordable options

without compromising on our standards of

maintenance, cleanliness, and security at our

buildings.

Octodec recognises that some of the vacant areas around our precincts in the CBDs are not

maintained to the standards we would expect for our tenants. We maintain strong relationships with

all inner-city stakeholders and encourage collective effort in ensuring the greater CBD environment is

clean and safe for everybody.

As such, we undertook a concerted drive this year, together with City Improvement District officials,

to complete a voluntary clean-up in the Tshwane CBD along the Apies River, removing truckloads

of refuse and invasive trees. This initiative was appreciated and supported by our stakeholders. We

also collaborated with the Council to clean up and secure the areas around the world-class science

and technology campuses of the Tshwane University of Technology. We have a dedicated employee

engaging with taxi drivers and hawkers to encourage co-operation.

We believe that this type of ongoing collaboration can lead to sustainable change and maintain

dignified spaces for all.

We are in the process of expanding our own environmental impact reporting beyond responsible

energy, water and waste management. The intent is to benchmark and, where possible, reduce our

carbon footprint. We are rolling out solar energy initiatives and investigating further options for water

recycling at our buildings.

See Stakeholder relationships and ESG reporting on pages 34 and 54 respectively.

Q: Octodec’s core strategy is driven by three primary objectives: creating

sustainable value for shareholders, optimising its portfolio and strengthening its

balance sheet. How has Octodec performed against this strategy?

A: We have performed well against the accelerated priority areas identified last year to create a

more defensive portfolio. Our disposal strategy, aimed at optimising our portfolio, is on track, with

20 disposals achieved by 31 August 2022. This released R218 million available funding to reduce our

LTV and explore future growth opportunities in our best-performing sectors.

We have reduced vacancies across our portfolio and enhanced our use of technology and data

collection through a Customer Relationship Management (CRM) system that strengthens our good

tenant relationships and enhances prospective tenant insights.

We have further enhanced our property portfolio by refurbishing certain buildings to maintain their

competitive advantage in the face of increased competition, particularly in the residential sector in the

Johannesburg CBD and the Hatfield area. Having survived the pandemic crisis, we are now able to

pursue plans to further develop our properties. In addition, we will continue to pursue an aggressive

sales programme to reduce our mothballed properties and other non-core buildings.

See the Financial director’s review, page 36.

Q: Given the relative inactivity over the past two years, what is Octodec’s outlook

on its residential and commercial portfolios to ensure sustainability?

A: Although residential rentals remain challenging in the short-term due to tenant affordability, our

arrears and collections are stable and well-managed. The current volume of lease applications we

are receiving, and the significant reduction in vacancies, particularly in the residential sector, are

encouraging. The medium-term growth outlook is dependent on broader economic stabilisation.

Our efforts in urban regeneration, the location of our properties in demand zones, and the

convenience of our mixed-use spaces continue to fulfil a need for quality, safe and affordable

accommodation in the CBDs and surrounding areas. This need will continue in the long-term, with a

growing population of young people seeking city living. Looking ahead, we are exploring the potential

conversion of some of our office space to residential apartments to accommodate increased demand.

However, the cost of conversion remains challenging.

Renewed tenant interest across our commercial sector indicates that we are poised for growth,

although future performance also depends on macroeconomic recovery and market stabilisation.

We take great comfort that our retailers confirm demand for well-managed, quality spaces within

selected areas of the CBDs by their continued renewal of leases and their stated desire for more

such spaces.:

Managing director’s review

Financial director’s review

SERT Committee chairman’s review

Our board and governance structures

Corner Place

In closing

I would like to express my sincere gratitude to Octodec’s chairman and board of directors, the

management teams of both Octodec and City Property and all employees, who have seen us through two

years of a global crisis that affected us all.

Although the world is emerging from that crisis into further global challenges, we at Octodec have

maintained our belief in humanity and our passion for cities in South Africa. We are all adapting to a post-

pandemic world, and I am delighted to see our people rising to the challenges with a view to a better

future for all.

I extend this gratitude to all our stakeholders for their co-operation and support that has allowed us to set

our sights on future growth and innovation.

Jeffrey Wapnick: Managing director

29 November 2022

Managing director’s review on page 10 and ESG reporting from page 54 to 65.

Enterprise risk management

The risk governance structures and processes follow a combined assurance model based on three

lines of defence – the oversight, management and assurance of risk management. The company

follows a risk-based internal audit process, in accordance with the internal audit plan approved by

the audit committee. This process assesses the management of the company’s inherent risks and

provides assurance that these risks are being managed within the defined risk appetite level. The risk

committee fulfils an important oversight of this process on behalf of the board.

Risk appetite and tolerance

Our risk appetite is determined by the risk framework and is reinforced by specific risk management

processes and approvals. Significant risks are consistently reviewed and monitored by executive

management, discussed, considered and recommended by the audit and risk committees, and

approved by the board to determine the overall risk profile.

Octodec, consistent with previous years, has a moderate tolerance for risk. All risks that are inherently

significant and/or high are managed as far as possible to bring the effects within Octodec’s tolerance.

The risk matrix guides the business as to whether the risks are rated as significant or high.

Where a risk remains residually high or significant, the activity giving rise to the risk is closely monitored

through the relevant governance bodies (and ultimately the board) of Octodec.

Octodec’s risks are monitored in line with its ERM policy and framework through

comprehensive registers which allow it to actively identify, monitor and manage the risks

and opportunities to the business.

Governing body

The board, internal and external assurance providers provide oversight to

ensure the effective governance and performance of Octodec.

Internal audit

Internal audit provides reasonable assurance of the overall effectiveness

of governance, risk management and controls.

Independent assurance

External assurance providers, such as the external auditors, are seen

to be independent and provide robust assurance.

Executive management

Management is responsible

and accountable for developing

appropriate processes and

systems to support a culture

of monitoring performance and

compliance throughout the

business.

Internal control measures

Each department consistently and

proactively evaluates probable

future scenarios to consider

how emerging trends and

developments impact Octodec’s

business model, consumer trends

and key business/regulatory

drivers.:

Managing director’s review, page 10 and Material matters, page 27

Strategic opportunities

• Enhancing engagement with existing and potential tenants through digital platforms and data analysis

• Streamlined business process automation supports cost efficiency

See City Property Relationship, page 5

Operational opportunities

• Developing and refurbishing buildings into quality accommodation to enhance the communities in which our tenants live, work and play

• Actively adapting to tenant needs by modifying residential and commercial spaces to be more fit-for-purpose and including value-adds

• Minimising our impact on the environment through improved energy, water and waste management, and encouraging tenants to do the same

See ESG reporting, page 54

ESG opportunities

33:

Managing director’s review

Financial director’s review

SERT Committee chairman’s review

Our board and governance structures

The operating conditions of

the first six months of FY2022

remained difficult, but the latter

six months demonstrated a

significant improvement.

We are approaching

pre-pandemic levels of

performance, but remain

cautious in terms of our

growth outlook in the

prevailing high inflation

and interest rate

environment,

uncertain global

geopolitical risk,

and the impact of

prolonged power

cuts on business and our

financial performance.

Context to our financial performance

As pandemic lockdown restrictions eased, students returned to the cities and our residential sector

vacancies improved significantly. Our tenants in the retail and industrial sectors struggled in the

first six months and we assisted with rent freezes and rent reductions, but this turned the corner

towards mid-year, and our occupancy levels are almost at pre-pandemic levels. The office sector

remains under pressure due to general market oversupply and remote working, but our vacancies

are contained and stable.

The progress made in the disposal of our non-core properties has enabled Octodec to reduce

utilised facilities, thereby reducing interest costs and improving our distributable income. We aim

to invest more in development in the next financial year. We continue to maintain tight control over

expense management and our overall cost increase is below inflation.

Financial director’s

review

Anabel Vieira

Financial director

(from 1 September 2021)

2022 performance highlights

R1 930.5m

(2021: R1 838.7m)

Rental

Income of

R10.9b

(2021: R11.1b)

Portfolio

with a value of

Net profit (loss)

for the year

R605.1m

(2021: (R174.8m))

175.1c

(2021: 134.6 cents)

Distributable

income per

share of

85.6%

(2021: 83.8%)

Average

portfolio

Occupancy of

39.7%

(2021: 43.2%)

LTV

of

130c

(2021: 50 cents per

share declared)

Dividend

of

103.3%

(2021: 99.9%)

Average

portfolio

collections of

R4.4b

(2021: R4.7b)

Borrowings

of

R23.28

(2021: R23.20)

Net Asset

Value per

share of

3.3%

(2021: 5.5%

of revenue)

Tenants

arrears at

R218.4m

Proceeds

from sales:

Managing director’s review

Financial director’s review

SERT Committee chairman’s review

Our board and governance structures

Funds from operations

Octodec achieved distributable income before tax of R465.9 million compared to R401.1 million

in FY2021 and, after tax, R466.1 million compared to R358.4 million in FY2021.

%

change

31 August 2022

R’000

31 August 2021

R’000

Revenue earned on contractual basis

3.3

1 931 091

1 869 511

COVID-19 rental discount

(98.1)

(571)

(30 845)

Revenue earned after COVID-19 rental discount

5.0

1 930 520

1 838 666

Property operating expenses

3.9

(1 013 460)

(975 663)

Net property income

6.3

917 060

863 003

Administrative and corporate expenses

12.2

(84 614)

(75 420)

Share of income from joint venture

(0.5)

2 465

2 477

Distributable profit before finance costs

5.7

834 911

790 060

Net finance costs

(5.1)

(369 037)

(388 914)

Distributable profit before tax

16.1

465 874

401 146

Current tax

193

(42 737)

Distributable income attributable to shareholders

30.0

466 067

358 409

Weighted average number of shares

266 197 535

266 197 535

Distributable income per share (cents)

30.0

175.1

134.6

Dividend Policy

Octodec’s dividend policy is based on the premise of retaining sufficient funds for future developments

and acquisitions, as and when these opportunities arise, maintaining a strong balance sheet with

an acceptable loan to value ratio, while at the same time taking into consideration our shareholders’

expectations in respect of distributions.

In determining the funds for distribution, we use distributable income (SA REIT funds from operations)

and deduct the anticipated amount for refurbishments and developments, while ensuring that

the distribution complies with the JSE Listings Requirements of a minimum distribution of 75% of

distributable income (taxable income), taking into account the solvency and liquidity of the underlying

property controlled subsidiaries. The distribution for FY2022 is approximately 100% of taxable income,

ensuring that the group remains a REIT.

Based on the above policy, the board of Octodec declared a final dividend of 80.0 cents per share on

28 October 2022, payable to shareholders on Monday, 21 November 2022. The total dividend for the

year is 130.0 cents (FY2021: 50.0 cents) per share, a 160% increase on the prior year.

The board has considered the solvency and liquidity of the group and is satisfied that it has adequate

cash resources and funding facilities.

Net property income

Revenue earned on a contractual basis after COVID-19 rental discounts (largely applicable in the

first six months of the reporting period) increased by 5.0% from R1 838.7 million to R1 930.5 million,

mainly due to a reduction in assistance provided to tenants in the form of rental discounts. This was,

however, offset by negative rental reversions mainly in the industrial, retail and specialised sectors,

resulting in a smaller increase of 3.3% in rental earned on a contractual basis from R1 869.5 million to

R1 931.1 million for FY2022.

Net finance costs decreased by 5.1% from R388.9 million to R369.0 million. This was primarily

achieved through the settlement of some unfavourable hedging instruments at the beginning of the

financial year, as well as the reduction of utilised facilities. Distributable income before tax increased by

16.1% from R401.1 million to R465.9 million, and distributable income after tax increased by 30.0%

from R358.4 million to R466.1 million, as a result of the reduction in taxation payable in the current

year following the increased dividends paid.

Octodec had historically acquired mothballed properties with a view to their development, but due to

the weak economy over the past few years, the focus has shifted to the disposal of these properties.

This year saw a significant improvement in our disposal strategy, with the disposal of 20 properties

to achieve our target KPI of R200 million. This released capital for the refurbishment of the common

and entertainment areas at Plaza Place and Royal Place, a new KFC at Waverley Plaza and various

improvements to our existing commercial properties, and the balance thereof was applied to the

reduction of utilised facilities.

Octodec maintains hands-on management of our operating expenses, achieving cost savings despite

the high inflationary environment.

Below are the group’s cost-to-income ratios, set out on a gross and net basis.

31 August 2022

%

31 August 2021

%

Property costs

Gross basis

52.5

53.1

Net basis (net of recoveries)

36.6

37.9

Total property and administration costs

Gross basis

56.9

57.2

Net basis (net of recoveries)

42.4

43.4:

Managing director’s review

Financial director’s review

SERT Committee chairman’s review

Our board and governance structures

Total

R3.500

2024

R1.000

2025

R2.500

28.6%

71.4%

Borrowings

31 August 2022

31 August 2021

Amount

R’million

Weighted

average

interest rate

per annum

%

Amount

R’million

Weighted

average

interest rate

per annum

%

Interest-bearing borrowings

Bank borrowings

3 676.6

7.9

4 007.4

5.7

Nedbank

1 468.9

8.0

2 260.1

5.9

Standard Bank

1 259.0

7.7

1 297.3

5.5

ABSA

948.7

7.8

450.0

5.5

DMTN Programme

698.6

7.7

674.1

5.5

Listed – unsecured

330.3

7.8

306.7

5.5

Unlisted – secured

368.3

7.7

367.4

5.6

Total borrowings

4 375.2

7.9

4 681.5

5.7

Cost of swaps

0.8

2.8

Total cost of borrowings

8.7

8.5

31 August

2022

31 August

2021

Borrowings hedged (%)

80.0

96.1

Weighted average term of debt (years)

2.1

1.6

Weighted average term of interest rate swaps (years)

2.0

2.7

LTV (%)

39.7

43.2

Undrawn debt facilities available and cash on hand on demand

(R’million)

624.0

359.1

Finance costs

Net finance costs decreased by 5.1% from R388.9 million to R369.0 million. This was primarily

achieved through the settlement of some unfavourable hedging instruments at the beginning of the

financial year, as well as the reduction of utilised banking facilities.

Octodec’s interest rate risk is 80.0% hedged, within the board-approved range of between 70% and

80%. We continue to monitor the interest rate markets for an opportunity to extend our interest rate

swap expiry at an acceptable price.

Domestic Medium-Term Note (DMTN) Programme strategy

Octodec operates the Domestic Medium-Term Note (DMTN) Programme through its subsidiary

Premium Properties Ltd, which is guaranteed by Octodec. At the end of FY2022, the total unsecured

issuance was R330.3 million or 7.6% (FY2021: R306.7 million or 6.6%) of the group’s total

borrowings. Global Credit Rating long and short-term national scale ratings are A-(ZA) and AZ(ZA)

respectively with a stable outlook, having improved from a negative outlook in the prior year.

Tax transparency

Octodec is a committed, socially responsible corporate citizen and we continue to pay our equitable

share of taxes, on time. The taxes we pay have a positive economic impact on the communities we

operate in. The group’s tax contributions for the 2022 financial year are set out below.

Loan expiry profile –

R’billion and %

Interest rate derivatives expiry profile –

R’billion and %

Total

R4.375

2023

R0.559

2024

R1.734

2025

R1.234

2026

R0.648

2027

R0.200

39.6%

12.8%

28.2%

14.8%

4.6%

Tax type and amount (R’000)

Total

R270 457

Payroll tax1

Property rates and taxes2

Value-added tax3

149 317

117 726

3 414

1 PAYE deducted from employees and directors, where applicable,

and paid to authorities

2 Rates and taxes paid to local municipalities

3 Value-added tax collected less amount claimed from authorities:

Managing director’s review

Financial director’s review

SERT Committee chairman’s review

Our board and governance structures

Shoprite building render

Investment property valuation

The property portfolio was valued at R10.9 billion (FY2021: R11.2 billion) based on the capitalisation of

income method.

Investment property valuations and assumptions

31 August

2022

31 August

2021

Property portfolio (R’000)

10 890 365

11 133 000

Decrease in valuation (R’000)

(82 386)

(641 050)

Decrease in valuation (%)

(0.7)

(5.4)

Range of capitalisation rates (%)

8.25 to 14.50

8.25 to 14.50

Weighted average capitalisation rates (%)

9.8

9.8

In line with the group accounting policy, the entire portfolio is valued internally every six months; one

third of the buildings are valued externally every year, with half thereof valued externally in February

and the remaining half in August. The valuation method, which is the capitalisation of income method,

has remained unchanged from the prior year, with minimal changes to the valuation inputs such as

expense ratios, vacancy factors and the capitalisation rates.

For further details on investment property, refer to pages 111 to 114.

Net asset value (NAV)

Octodec’s NAV increased marginally from R23.20 per share at 31 August 2021 to R23.28 per share at

31 August 2022.

SA REIT Association Best Practice Recommendations (BPR)

Octodec complies with the recommendations contained in the BPR, and the SA REIT ratios are

disclosed on pages 168 and 169.

Outlook for FY2023

Having emerged on a sound financial footing from the previous two years of extremely tough operating

conditions, Octodec was able to strengthen its balance sheet and we are poised to implement further

developments in the next financial year. Considering geopolitical tensions and uncertainty related

to high inflation and interest rates, we aim for smaller developments, carefully balancing the cost of

developments with the return on investment.

Anabel Vieira

Financial director

29 November 2022:

Managing director’s review

Financial director’s review

SERT Committee chairman’s review

Our board and governance structures

SERT committee

chairman’s review: Dear stakeholders

It is my pleasure to provide you with an overview of the activities of the SERT committee for the year.

I also share with you our remuneration review presented from page 77.

Committee mandate and responsibilities

The statutory committee operates in terms of section 72(4) of the Companies Act (read together with

Regulation 43 of the Companies regulations, 2011) and King IVTM and as a committee of the board

for all other duties assigned by the board on behalf of the group and is governed by board-approved

terms of reference, which are reviewed and approved annually by the board.

Guidelines for the SERT committee include the anti-corruption principles of the Organisation for

Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), the Employment Equity Act, No 55 of 1998, as

well as elements of the JSE Socially Responsible Index criteria and the Broad-Based Black Economic

Empowerment Act, No 53 of 2003.

The SERT committee is responsible for monitoring the Group’s compliance with relevant legislation

and regulations, or prevailing codes of best practice relating to social and economic development,

good corporate citizenship, the environment, health and public safety, consumer relations, and labour

and employment.

Focus areas for 2022

The committee met three times during the period to review performance in the following areas, as

required in terms of its terms of reference:

• Ethical business practices

• Environment, health and safety

• Employee welfare and relations

• Transformation

• Anti-corruption practices

• Social and environmental responsibility

• Stakeholder relationships

• Remuneration

• Legislative compliance

ESG reporting

Human rights commitment

The Group supports the protection of human life and dignity within our spheres of influence by

subscribing to the principles laid down in the Constitution of the Republic of South Africa.

Octodec complies with the 10 principles set out in the United Nations Global Compact

Principles, specifically relating to labour and working conditions. The Group does not tolerate,

within our operations or those of our suppliers, any form of child labour, forced or compulsory

labour, or other significant actual and potential negative social impacts.

Furthermore, as representatives of Octodec, all employees are expected to familiarise

themselves with the norms, laws and customs of the various cultures of our stakeholders,

including business partners and the communities in which we operate, and to engage in a

manner that aligns with the Group’s commitment to respect and dignity.

In 2022, there were no allegations or confirmed incidents of discrimination or human rights

incidents.

Ethical business practices

The committee is responsible for the oversight of organisational ethics, as recommended by

King IVTM. The Group subscribes to a Code of Ethics, an Employees Whistleblowing Policy, and

an External Whistleblowing Policy, the principles of which are aligned with the principles set out in

King IVTM. The values and principles as set out in the United Nations Global Compact had, as far

as possible, been incorporated into Octodec’s values, Code of Ethics, policies and procedures and

a culture of integrity was encouraged. Octodec respects the rights of an individual to retain their

anonymity when reporting non-compliance, and individuals are encouraged to make use of the

Group’s Be Heard “Hotline”.

The SERT committee receives feedback on all reports received via the Be-Heard “Hotline”. No reports

of contraventions have been noted in terms of the Code of Ethics and/or Gift Register Policy and no

reports of unethical and/or inappropriate behaviour were received in 2022. An improved awareness

campaign, through various employee information sessions, has been held to provide feedback to

management on any reported incidents (or suspicious behaviour) within the business.

Environment, health, and safety

The committee reviewed management’s reports on the environment, health, and public safety,

including the impact of the Group’s activities, products and services. It received regular reports on the

status of the various agreed fire, life and safety projects of the Group’s property portfolio.

Managing director’s review

Financial director’s review

SERT Committee chairman’s review

Our board and governance structures

The committee is satisfied that these initiatives fulfil Octodec’s commitment to the environment, health

and safety.

Employee welfare and relations

Octodec uses its best endeavours to adhere to the guidelines recommended by the Department

of Labour’s Codes of Good Practice. All forms of misconduct, unethical behaviour, theft, fraud and

conflicts of interest are addressed through the legislative framework and company policies and

procedures. Octodec remains compliant when assessed against the International Labour Organisation

protocols on decent work and working conditions.

Among other issues, these meetings dealt with key human resources topics such as:

• A review of the human resources and talent strategies to build future-fit skills with an

implementation goal of early 2023

• Octodec’s successful submission of the annual employment equity report and annexures to the

Department of Labour and the annual workplace skills plan and training report to the Services

SETA

• Reviewed and updated the HIV and AIDs Policy, approved by the Board

• Although the development and implementation of Octodec’s 3-year learning and development

strategy was delayed due to COVID, formalised training and development plans were reintroduced

in 2022, with first aid training having been completed and performance management training has

been scheduled to commence shortly.

Transformation

Management continues to ensure the upholding of the UN principles aligned with its B-BBEE strategy,

specifically about human rights, through leadership and the practising of company values and labour,

through the application of fair and consistent employment policies.

It is accepted that Octodec has a low B-BBEE score due to its ownership element. The Octodec

share is trading at a deep discount to its NAV and makes a B-BBEE transaction unlikely to occur at

this stage. As a result, Octodec focuses on the other elements of the scorecard such as enterprise

and supplier development, socioeconomic development and economic development. Among others,

the committee meetings dealt with key B-BBEE topics such as:

• Overseeing the implementation of Octodec’s transformation strategy and budget to improve

Octodec’s B-BBEE rating, reputation and overall impact. Octodec had achieved a level 7 B-BBEE

rating, however, due to its not meeting the subminimum target (percentage) on Ownership,

Octodec’s B-BBEE level was discounted to level 8 B-BBEE rating.

• Approved the B-BEEE Compliance Commission’s report that had been successfully submitted to

the B-BEEE Commission in December 2021

• Continued consideration and oversight of the group’s corporate social responsibility activities. A

total amount of R2.3 million (FY2021: R1.2 million) was contributed to community development as

detailed in this report on page 63.

Anti-corruption practices

No material incidents of non-compliance with the OECD recommendations on corruption had been

reported and/or brought to the committee’s attention during the period under review.

During the year, the Code of Ethics was reviewed to incorporate policy statements surrounding the

company’s position on fraud and corruption which were presented to the SERT committee on

21 October 2022.

Social and environmental responsibility

As far as possible, the values and principles as set out in the United Nations Global Compact have

been incorporated into Octodec’s values, Code of Ethics, policies and procedures.

The committee noted that these include specific principles on social and environmental responsibility.

We are satisfied that a culture of integrity is encouraged within the Group’s workplaces to promote

that all activities undertaken by Octodec are responsible. In particular, we favourably noted the

successful implementation of water, energy and waste management initiatives, as detailed in this

report from page 57.

Stakeholder relationships

Our stakeholder engagement process recognises the importance of proactive engagement with

our key stakeholders, and we are committed to robust, consistent and transparent engagement to

maintain good relationships. The committee received regular feedback on progress to effectively

oversee this process. During the year we have focused on improving our understanding of our

stakeholders’ genuine needs, interests and expectations. This provides input into how we approach

our business activities, identify risks and opportunities, and adapt to social, technological, and

regulatory changes.

Entrenching the stakeholder engagement process will be critical in FY2023.

Positioning statement on fraud and corruption

Employees should:

• Not offer, promise, or give undue pecuniary or other advantage to public officials or the

employees of service providers. Likewise, employees should not request, agree to, or

accept, undue pecuniary or other advantage from public officials or service provider

employees.

• Ensure that a well-documented process is followed with regards to the appointment and

payment of all service providers and/or brokers by the business in rendering services to

Octodec, regardless of their size.

• Not make illegal contributions to candidates for public office or political parties or other

political organisations.:

Managing director’s review

Financial director’s review

SERT Committee chairman’s review

Our board and governance structures

Remuneration

Our remuneration review is included on pages 77 to 89.

Legislative compliance

It is pleasing to note that, as a committee, we are satisfied that there has been no material non-

compliance with legislation or non-adherence to codes of best practice in terms of the areas within the

committee’s mandate. Where there are areas of non-compliance, Octodec endeavours to comply as

far as is practical and possible to do so. This relates specifically to health and safety regulations in our

older buildings, which were built before the current laws and regulations were promulgated.

Effectiveness of the committee

The committee has reviewed and updated its annual work plan and is satisfied that it complied with its

responsibilities in terms of the board-adopted formal terms of reference during the financial year.

2023 key focus areas

The committee has set the following key focus areas for the 2023 financial period, which include

continuing items from the year under review:

• Continue to oversee the implementation of the HR Strategy and key policies to ensure

integration and effective management of employees.

• In 2022, the committee considered a King IVTM guidance paper issued in August 2021 on

effective stakeholder engagement in the context of remuneration, and committed to develop

an annual calendar outlining when and how many times key identified stakeholders should

be contacted for engagement throughout the year, relative to the AGM and the release of the

Remuneration Report.

• It was agreed that the review of the Employment Equity Policy be placed on hold until the

amendments to the Employment Equity Act, no 55 of 1988, are promulgated by the Minister of

Labour.

• Continue to oversee the governance of stakeholder relationships, including the introduction of

specific interventions to improve the quality and effectiveness of key stakeholder relationships,

by developing improved reporting on how Octodec responds to those stakeholders’ needs,

interests, expectations and concerns.

• Sharpen the focus on and enhance the effectiveness of the company’s ethics and

whistleblowers programmes and recognise the increased pressure on employees

• Oversee the implementation of Octodec’s transformation strategy to improve Octodec’s B-BBEE

rating, reputation and overall impact

• Consider the implementation plan for agreed projects across Octodec’s buildings after

the pandemic

In closing

The committee is satisfied that Octodec continues to meet its environmental and societal

commitments and that the company’s remuneration, practices are fair and market related. We are

comfortable that Octodec’s policies and frameworks remain relevant and sustain the company’s

commitment to social and economic development, fair labour practices and environmental

responsibility.

Appreciation

I wish to convey my appreciation and thanks to the board and the members of the SERT

committee, as well as management for their contribution towards the committee achieving its goals.

I further extend my gratitude to our shareholders for their continued support.

Derek Cohen

Independent Chairman of the SERT committee

29 November 2022

Octodec’s culture of integrity ensures all

activities undertaken by the Group are

responsible and sustain the company’s

commitment to social and economic

development, fair labour practices and

environmental responsibility.:

Managing director’s review

Financial director’s review

SERT Committee chairman’s review

Our board and governance structures

OCTODEC INVESTMENTS LIMITED

Integrated Report 2022

65

Governance and remuneration

Lead independent director’s

review

Q: What is your role as lead independent director?

A: My role as the lead independent director of the Octodec board includes addressing conflicts

of interest that may arise and providing guidance on, and monitoring, the application of appropriate

standards of corporate governance in Octodec.

An important aspect of my role is to independently review all related party transactions between

Octodec and City Property, including compliance with the City Property management agreement.

During the year under review, an ad hoc subcommittee of the board’s independent non-executive

directors, chaired by myself, was established to deal with the renegotiation of the management

agreement between Octodec and City Property, which is expiring in July 2023.

Q: What are the greatest collective strengths of the Octodec board? Are Octodec

board discussions meaningful and constructive?

A: The Board’s strengths are experience and diversity, and the appropriate skills base to navigate

the future.

By appointing experienced, independently-minded directors, from varied backgrounds, and separating

and clearly defining the roles and responsibilities of the chairman and the: managing director, I believe

Octodec has equipped its board to make quality decisions using the correct procedures.

Board discussions are robust because the board has the right combination of skills, backgrounds,

experiences, and perspectives to probe management’s strategic assumptions and help the group

navigate an increasingly volatile and fast-paced environment.

In closing

The members of the Octodec board are to be commended for their willingness to devote a substantial

amount of their time to Octodec.

My thanks go to my fellow non-executive directors for their contributions during the current

renegotiations of the management agreement with City Property.

Derek Cohen

Lead independent director

29 November 2022

Derek Cohen

Lead independent

director

Managing director’s review

Financial director’s review

SERT Committee chairman’s review

Our board and governance structures

Board of directors

Non-executive directors

Qualifications: BA LLB (cum laude)

Designation: Non-executive chairman

Date of appointment as Chairman:

1 October 2011

Date of appointment: 4 October 1994 (27 years, 9

months)

Significant other public company directorships:

Transaction Capital Ltd

Sharon has considerable experience in the property

sector as well as in legal related property, commercial

and corporate matters. Sharon is an attorney and a

senior partner of Tugendhaft Wapnick Banchetti and

Partners. She is a non-executive director of City Property.

Sharon Wapnick (59)

Jeffrey Wapnick (62)

Qualifications: CA(SA)

Designation: Non-executive director

Myron is not considered to be independent as stipulated by the

recommendations of King IVTM due to his shareholding in Octodec

Date of appointment: 4 October 1994 (27 years, 9 months)

Significant other public company directorships: None

Myron practised as a chartered accountant for more than 30 years and

successfully managed a privately owned, diversified property portfolio.

Myron Pollack (74)

Anabel Vieira (63)

Qualifications: CA(SA)

Designation: Executive director (financial director)

Date of appointment: 1 September 2021 (1 year)

Significant other public company directorships: Premium Properties Ltd

Anabel has been employed by City Property, Octodec’s asset and property

manager since January 2016. During this time, she was responsible for the

financial affairs of Octodec, playing an integral part in financial reporting.

Prior to joining City Property, Anabel was a senior assurance partner at

Grant Thornton for 23 years. For seven years she was the engagement

audit partner of Premium Properties, which subsequently merged with

Octodec in 2013.

Qualifications: BCom

Designation:: Managing director

Date of appointment: 2 October 1998 (23 years, 9

months)

Significant other public company

directorships: Premium Properties Ltd

Jeffery has depth of experience in management and the

property industry, as well as property upgrading and

development. Jeffery is the Managing director of City

Property.

Executive directors

R

N

R

S

S

R

Board committee memberships key

A

Group Audit committee

I

Ad hoc independent subcommittee

N

Group Nominations committee

R

Group Risk committee

S

Group SERT committee

Refer to page 73 for insight into the board’s overall sector experience and core skills.

Managing director’s review

Financial director’s review

SERT Committee chairman’s review

Our board and governance structures

Independent non-executive directors

Richard Buchholz (64)

Nyimpini Mabunda (45)

Derek Cohen (70)

Maggie Mojapelo (57)

Qualifications: MBA,

Post-Graduate Diploma (Marketing Management), BSocSci

Designation: Independent non-executive director

Date of appointment: 11 February 2019 (3 years, 5 months)

Significant other public company directorships: None

Nyimpini is an accomplished CEO/: Managing director, with

over 20 years of consistence performance and business

transformation in FMCG, telecoms and financial services.

He worked for respected multinational organisations, across

sales, marketing, strategy and general management, in

multiple geographies across Africa and Europe. He currently

serves as CEO of General Electric Southern Africa (Pty) Ltd.

He also sits on several private company boards. He also

chairs the US – South Africa Business Council.

R

Qualifications: CA(SA)

Designation: Independent non-executive director

Date of appointment: 1 October 2021 (9 months)

Significant other public company

directorships: Sasfin Holdings Ltd

Richard has 26 years experience in the financial services

industry, mostly banking, as well as senior executive roles in

audit, commercial banking and risk management. In

addition, he has served as a non-executive director on the

boards of several banks in Southern Africa, including in roles

as a member and chairman of various board committees.

Richard currently is the lead independent non-executive

director of Sasfin Holdings Limited.

Qualifications: AEP (Unisa)

Designation: Lead independent director (LID)

Date of appointment: 1 October 2009 (11 years, 11 months)

Significant other public company

directorships: The Smart Life Insurance Company Ltd

Derek has extensive experience as a director in banking, insurance

and finance, and provides consulting services with a specific focus on

mergers, acquisitions and corporate finance-related matters.

A

I

N

R

S

Qualifications: BA (Hons) (Education), MAP, Dip HR, MBA

Designation: Independent non-executive director

Date of appointment: 1 March 2020 (2 years, 5 months)

Significant other public company directorships: The Rand

Mutual Assurance Company Ltd and RMA Life Assurance Company

Ltd

Maggie has extensive experience in senior executive roles with local

and global companies IBM SA, Avon Justine, Nedbank and

Coca-Cola. She is also the founder and executive director of The HR

Touch (Pty) Ltd, an HR consulting and business management

company. Her business management, corporate governance and

leadership experience cover a variety of companies and industries,

including roles as a member and chairman of various boards and

board committees. Maggie is the chairperson of Edge Growth

Business Development (Pty) Ltd. She also chairs the remuneration

committee of Rand Mutual Assurance Company Ltd.

S

A

R

Managing director’s review

Financial director’s review

SERT Committee chairman’s review

Our board and governance structures

R

A

R

A

Qualifications: MCom (cum laude),

CA(SA)

Designation: Independent non-executive director

Date of appointment: 6 February 2012 (10 years, 5 months)

Significant other public company directorships: Old

Mutual Nigeria Life Assurance Company Ltd, Old Mutual West

Africa Ltd, Old Mutual General Insurance Company Nigeria

Ltd and The Smart Life Insurance Company Ltd

Pieter has 49 years experience in external auditing, special

investigations and all disciplines of risk management.

Independent non-executive directors continued

Pieter Strydom (74)

Louis van Breda (66)

Qualifications: CA(SA)

Designation: Independent non-executive director

Date of appointment: 1 March 2020 (2 years, 5 months)

Significant other public company directorships:

Premium Properties Ltd

Louis has sector knowledge and experience in construction

and real estate, manufacturing and engineering, aerospace

and defence, mining and metals. He is the independent

chairman of two joint venture audit and risk committees

of African Rainbow Minerals Ltd. Louis was a senior

assurance partner at Ernst & Young.

Governance at Octodec extends

beyond compliance to support

strategic performance and ultimately

enhance value for stakeholders.

Sharon Wapnick

Chairman:

Managing director

Lead independent director

A board-approved delegation of authority is in place that promotes independent judgement, a balance of power, role clarity and effective discharge of duties at the board, board committee, executive

and management levels. The board focusses on routine business from operational reports, significant acquisitions and disposal of properties, and project approvals, to matters of strategy, finance, capital

expenditure, significant group-wide policies and frameworks, and other special items.

Reports from board committee chairmen on statutory duties and board-assigned responsibilities are also considered at each quarterly meeting.

The role of the non-executive directors, who are independent of management, inter alia, is to protect shareholders’ interests, including those of minority shareholders.

Furthermore, they ensure that individual directors or groups of directors are subject to appropriate scrutiny in their decision-making. The roles of the chairman of the board and: managing director are kept

separate and distinct. During the year, non-executive director Sharon Wapnick was chairman of the board and Jeffrey Wapnick was managing director. The separate roles of the chairman and managing director

are clearly articulated in the board charter, to ensure a balance of power and authority and preclude any one director from exercising unfettered powers of decision-making.

Board and board committee roles

managing director, financial director, the non-executive directors

retiring by rotation and the group company secretary. The nominations committee conducted an

annual assessment on the performance of the: managing director in keeping with good governance

principles as recommended by King IV™ and as required by the board charter. The nominations

committee is comfortable that the performance of the managing director for the preceding year has

been excellent.

Appointments and changes to board committees

Following the resignation of Anthony Stein on 31 August 2021, on the recommendations of

the nominations committee, Anabel Vieira was appointed as financial director with effect from

1 September 2021 and Richard Buchholz as an independent non-executive director as well as a

member of the audit and risk committees, with effect from 1 October 2021. The reasons for the

appointment of Richard are to bolster risk management skills and further enhance the independence

of the board. Gerard Kemp resigned from the audit committee on 4 October 2021. The composition of

the audit committee remains compliant with the JSE Listings Requirements, the recommendations of

the King IVTM and the requirements of the Companies Act. The board takes great pleasure in welcoming

Richard and looks forward to working with him and his contribution to the success of the group.

Following the recommendations of the nominations committee of the group, the board accepted the

resignations of Gerard Kemp, Myron Pollack and Pieter Strydom as members of the nominations

committee and approved the appointment of Maggie Mojapelo as a member of this committee, with

effect from 29 October 2021.

Gerard Kemp retired at the AGM, consequently, Derek Cohen was appointed the chairman of the

SERT committee with effect from 4 February 2022. The board thanks Gerard for his invaluable

contribution to both the board and the company since his appointment in October 2013, in his role as

an independent non-executive director, as a member of numerous board committees and as chair of

the SERT committee. The board wishes him all of the best in his future endeavours.

The board also thanks Myron and Pieter for their contributions as members of the nominations

committee and looks forward to Maggie’s participation in the Nominations and SERT committees’

important work.

Group company secretary

The board endorses the King IVTM principle of having an arm’s length relationship with the group

company secretary and has created an environment in which the group company secretary can

ensure full adherence to board procedures and relevant regulations. Elize Greeff, a full-time employee

of Octodec, is not involved in an executive capacity on the boards of the subsidiary companies

within the group. She has more than 20 years accumulated experience as a company secretary and

corporate lawyer and:

• Continues to demonstrate the requisite level of knowledge and experience to carry out her duties;

is independent of management and the company and group to appropriately support the board

and execute her role

• Administers the proceedings and affairs of the directorate and the group in accordance with

relevant laws and best practice

• Effectively performs the role of gatekeeper of good corporate governance

As required, having assessed Elize Greeff’s abilities with the assistance of the Nominations Committee,

based on her qualifications, expertise and levels of competence, the board is comfortable that the

arrangements in place for accessing professional corporate governance services are effective.

Board, committees and director’s evaluation

The board, with the assistance of the nominations committee, conducts performance assessments,

of the board, committees and individual members every alternate year, per the King IVTM

recommendation.

An internal evaluation process was followed by the board in 2022, to assess its performance and

the appropriateness and effectiveness of its procedures and processes, with an externally facilitated

one planned for 2023. The process included an evaluation of the board and board committees’

effectiveness as input into the discussion on any immediate areas requiring attention.

Aggregated score out of 10

Board

7.74

Audit committee

8.83

Risk committee

9.51

Social, ethics and transformation committee

7.14

The board took cognisance of areas in which improvements could be made, and plans are being put

in place to implement these improvements. Overall, the 2022 evaluation confirmed that there were

no material areas requiring improvement and individually and collectively directors contributed to the

efficacy of the board, its oversight role and strategic contribution to the group. Top priorities for the

board in the coming year are included on page 75.

The board has established a good balance

between the experience of long‑standing

directors and the fresh insights from more

recently appointed directors.

managing director and financial director of Octodec and the senior financial manager of City Property

5 External advisers and invitees who regularly attend risk committee meetings: shared City Property/Octodec chief risk officer, shared City Property/Octodec internal auditor

6 External advisers and invitees who regularly attend SERT committee meetings: HR executive: City Property, shared City Property/Octodec chief risk officer,: managing director and financial director of Octodec

7 Pieter Strydom and Louis van Breda attend the SERT Committee meetings on a voluntary basis without receiving committee meeting fees.

8 With effect from 1 March 2022, no committee fees are paid to the executive directors.

Dear shareholders,

The SERT committee is tasked by the board to establish and independently oversee the

implementation of our total remuneration philosophy and policy. This will support the achievement

of the group’s strategy and grow stakeholder value on a sustainable basis.

The board recognises total remuneration as a critical tool for ensuring that employees enable the

business to create value sustainably. The board oversees remuneration practices and procedures,

as administered by City Property through the management agreement. City Property uses total

remuneration to ensure the attraction and retention of talented high-calibre, high-performing

employees. Octodec only employs building staff (building managers, cleaners and handymen),

the group company secretary and the assistant company secretary. Therefore, the remuneration

review only deals with Octodec employees (see our reporting boundary on page 5).

Voting results at the previous AGM

In terms of the JSE Listings Requirements, shareholders are required to endorse, by way of a

non-binding advisory vote, the remuneration policy and implementation report as presented in

this report. Voting results on Octodec’s remuneration policy and implementation report at the

FY2021, FY2020 and FY2019 AGMs were as follows:

Remuneration policy

Votes cast

Votes abstained

Votes for

Votes against

88.16%

(4 February 2022)

11.84%

(4 February 2022)

0.28%

(4 February 2022)

87.26%

(24 January 2021)

12.74%

(24 January 2021)

0.27%

(24 January 2021)

88.78%

(24 January 2020)

11.22%

(24 January 2020)

0.43%

(24 January 2020)

Remuneration implementation report

Votes cast

Votes abstained

Votes for

Votes against

82.52%

(4 February 2022)

17.48%

(4 February 2022)

0.28%

(4 February 2022)

82.96%

(24 January 2021)

17.04%

(24 January 2021)

0.27%

(24 January 2021)

88.97%

(24 January 2020)

11.03%

(24 January 2020)

0.43%

(24 January 2020)

Octodec is committed to developing and sustaining quality, long-term relationships with all key

stakeholders, including shareholders. Our philosophy is to engage openly and inclusively to benefit

from stakeholders’ insights, and address concerns and priorities. Constructive feedback is shared

with our board and relevant board committees and contributes significantly to Octodec’s positioning,

supported by adequate structures, to deliver long-term value for all its stakeholders. We are aware of

our competitive and challenging operating environment and continuously examine any relevant issues

raised by our stakeholders to further develop and strengthen Octodec.

The company engaged with shareholders prior to the AGM in January 2022 to gain an understanding

of their concerns and potential areas for improvement in terms of remuneration.

The following aspects were raised:

Concerns

Lack of disclosure regarding the extent to which performance targets were achieved and how actual

achievement is linked to the variable remuneration earned by executive directors.

Our response

Octodec entered into a management agreement with City Property for a period of five years, effective

from 1 July 2018, which was approved by the requisite number of shareholders who voted in respect

thereof. In line with this agreement, City Property is responsible for setting the remuneration structures:

managing director and the financial director of Octodec, who are prescribed officers as defined by

the Companies Act, are employed and remunerated by City Property and only receive a retainer and

board meeting attendance fees from Octodec as set out below.

Directors’ remuneration in terms of section 66(9) of the Companies Act

The remuneration of Octodec’s directors for their services (as directors) is governed in terms of a

separate directors’ remuneration policy, which recognises their responsibilities and skills to provide

input on an ongoing basis throughout the year and not only through their attendance at board and

board committee meetings.

Our approach is based on the following key principles:

• The remuneration of our directors should be consistent with best practice and sufficient to attract

and retain talent to our board

• The quantum and structure of our directors’ remuneration are reviewed annually by the

SERT committee, in consultation with its independent remuneration advisor, who makes

recommendations to the board on any changes deemed appropriate

• All directors receive an annual retainer for services they render, paid quarterly in arrears, in four

equal instalments. In addition to the retainer, directors are entitled to a fee for attendance of the

AGM, board meetings and board committee meetings which they attend as members or by

invitation

• Both the annual retainer and meeting fees payable to directors are subject to the approval of

the company’s shareholders at the AGM

Refer to the proposed directors’ remuneration on page 175 of the notice of AGM. The total

remuneration philosophy, strategy and policy, and directors’ remuneration policy are available

on our website at www.octodec.co.za/about-us/#corporate-governance-downloads.

Non-binding advisory vote

Shareholders are requested to endorse part 2 of this report by way of a non-binding advisory vote.

Refer to the non-binding advisory note 1 of the notice of the AGM on page 173. The board will initiate

engagement with the relevant shareholders should 25% (twenty-five percent) or more of the votes cast

be recorded against the remuneration policy, and the outcome thereof will be disclosed in the

2023 integrated report.:

managing director and other key staff of

City Property as identified by the company

• Developing a B-BBEE strategy and implementing a B-BBEE plan, in line with the company’s

requirements, to achieve B-BBEE compliance in line with the timelines set by the board

City Property is remunerated for the above services through the payment of an asset management fee

which is based on “enterprise value” calculated as the sum of the average daily market capitalisation

of Octodec plus the aggregate amount of the indebtedness of Octodec as well as a share of any

loans taken by a joint venture. In the event that the asset management fee is lower than the prescribed

minimum (which was set at R3.5 million per month in 2018 and increased by CPI on anniversary), the

minimum amount is payable. In addition, the management agreement makes provision for the payment

of an incentive linked to growth in the annual distributable income per share, as described below.

For purposes of calculating the incentive, “hurdle rate” means the budgeted annual percentage

growth in distributions per share by the company for the purposes of determining whether or not

City Property should be entitled to the incentive fee –

1.

Where the company’s annual distributable income per share increases by an amount equal to

between 1% and 2% above the hurdle rate, the manager shall be entitled to an incentive fee of

R3 000 000.00 per year (“Incentive Fee”).

2.

Where the company’s annual distributable income per share increases by an amount equal

to 2% or more above the hurdle rate, the manager shall be entitled to an incentive fee of

R6 000 000.00 per year, comprising the R3 000 000.00 incentive fee above plus an additional

R3 000 000.00 for achieving an increase in the annual distributable income per share equal to at

least 2% higher than the hurdle rate.

The incentive fee of either R3 000 000.00 or R6 000 000.00 referred to above escalates annually

at a rate equivalent to CPI, compounded on each anniversary of each financial year end, with an

adjustment to account for the period from the commencement date to the financial year end.

With regard to the above, the agreed FY2022 key performance areas (KPAs), as set out in the table

below, were reviewed by the SERT committee and recommended to the board for consideration. The

board has reviewed the outcome of the FY2022 KPAs and is satisfied that City Property delivered on

its KPA targets.

The SERT committee and Independent subcommittee also considered whether Octodec’s results

were in excess of the hurdle rate by more than 2%. These committees respectively concluded that the

increase surpassed the hurdle rate by more than 2% and recommended to the board the payment of

the incentive of R6 726 968 to City Property.

For FY2022, the asset management fee was calculated based on the minimum amount, as the

enterprise value as defined above was below the minimum amount.

The amount paid to City Property in the current year is as follows:

Basic asset management fee

R47 152 431

Incentive fee

R6 726 968:

managing director is attributable to Octodec, as reflected below.

Octodec has no LTI scheme, and executives are eligible for an annual bonus (STI) as determined and paid by City Property.

2022

A Vieira*

R

J Wapnick

R

S Wapnick

R

Total

R

Basic salary

2 188 973

4 507 957

867 636 7 564 566

Bonus

1 750 000

2 850 382

– 4 600 382

Pension fund contribution

211 027

–

– 211 027

4 150 000

7 358 339

867 636 12 375 975

Attributable to Octodec

4 150 000

4 415 003

867 636 9 432 639

*appointed 1 September 2021

100%

60%

100%

2021

AK Stein*

R

J Wapnick

R

S Wapnick

R

Total

R

Basic salary

1 723 435

1 656 117

855 421

4 234 972

Bonus

4 850 000

5 610 000

–

10 460 000

Pension fund contribution

123 489

–

–

123 489

6 696 924

7 266 117

855 421

14 818 461

Attributable to Octodec

5 022 693

4 359 670

855 421

10 237 784

*resigned 31 August 2021

75%

60%

100%:

Managing director

Tshwane

Tshwane

In terms of section 88(2)(e) of the Companies Act, I confirm that Octodec Investments Limited

has lodged all returns in respect of the year ended 31 August 2022 that are required to be lodged

by a public company with the Companies Intellectual Property Commission of South Africa, and

that all such returns are true, correct and up to date.

Elize Greeff

Group company secretary

29 November 2022

Tshwane:

managing director)

A Vieira (financial director)

Appointed

1 September 2021

Non-executive directors

S Wapnick (Chairman)

DP Cohen (lead independent director)

RWR Buchholz (independent non-executive director)

Appointed

1 October 2021

GH Kemp (independent non-executive director)

Resigned

4 February 2022

NC Mabunda (independent non-executive director)

MZ Pollack (non-executive director)

EMS Mojapelo (independent non-executive director)

PJ Strydom (independent non-executive director)

LP van Breda (independent non-executive director)

Directors’ remuneration

We refer you to the detailed information on directors remuneration set out on page 79 of this report.

Directors’ shareholding

2022

Direct

beneficial

Indirect

beneficial

Total

S Wapnick

38 842

–

38 842

JP Wapnick

39 374

–

39 374

S Wapnick and JP Wapnick (combined)1

–

100 227 433

100 227 433

MZ Pollack2

1 795 068

2 204 345

3 999 413

1 873 284

102 431 778

104 305 062

2021

Direct

beneficial

Indirect

beneficial

Total

S Wapnick

38 842

–

38 842

JP Wapnick

39 374

–

39 374

S Wapnick and JP Wapnick (combined)1

–

100 227 433

100 227 433

AK Stein3

150 948

645 191

796 139

MZ Pollack2

1 775 068

2 204 345

3 979 413

2 004 232

103 076 969

105 081 201

1 Combined holdings of S Wapnick and JP Wapnick including interests held in associates where they are either

shareholders, members, trustees or directors of entities holding Octodec shares and/or have the control of voting

rights of the respective entities and de facto have the control of the voting rights in respect of the Octodec shares

2 Holdings of MZ Pollack including interests held in associates where he is either a shareholder, member, trustee

or director of entities holding Octodec shares and/or has the control of the voting rights of the respective

entities and de facto has the voting rights in respect of the Octodec shares. 1 460 912 shares have been

pledged to Standard Bank as collateral for overdraft facilities. During the year, 20 000 shares were acquired

by MZ Pollack in the open market

3 Mr AK Stein resigned effective 31 August 2021

Changes in shareholding between the financial year end

and the date of this report

Between 4 November and 7 November 2022, Jepnick Holdings (Pty) Ltd, of which S Wapnick and

JP Wapnick are directors, acquired 106 100 shares in the company at a weighted average price of

9.98 per share.

Report of the directors continued:

Managing director

Financial director

29 November 2022

29 November 2022

Tshwane

Tshwane:

managing director’s review, page 10

and the social impact section, page 61.

Percentage of the procurement budget used for significant locations of operation that is spent on local suppliers, noting the

organisation’s definitions of ‘local’ and for ‘significant locations of operation’.

% of spend.

98% of our suppliers are local. Refer to the

Stakeholder engagement section on page 34.

Description (quantitative and qualitative) of the extent of significant

ZAR, $US or other currency

Description

Refer to the chairman’s review, page 8 and the: managing director’s review, page 10.

Total monetary value of financial assistance received by the organisation from any government during the reporting period.

ZAR, $US or other currency

Octodec does not receive any assistance or

funding from municipalities or Government.

Health and safety

Metric

Unit

Reference

Number and rate of fatalities as a result of a work-related injury or ill-health during the reporting period across the organisation;

the disclosure should include both employees and workers who are not employees, but whose work and/or workplace is

controlled by the organisation.

# and rate

Refer to the social impact section, page 61.

Number of recordable work-related injuries, and number of work-related illnesses or health conditions arising from exposure

to work-related hazards during the reporting period; the disclosure should include both employees and workers who are not

employees, but whose work and/or workplace is controlled by the organisation.

No / rate

An explanation of how the organisation facilitates workers’ access to non-occupational medical and healthcare services and

the scope of access provided for employees and workers, and a description of any voluntary health promotion services and

programmes offered to workers to address major non-work-related health risks, including the specific health risks addressed.

Description

letter of representation/: letter of electronic participation, or they must

provide the CSDP or broker with their voting instructions in terms of the relevant custody agreement/

mandate entered into between them and the CSDP or broker.

In the interest of efficiency, shareholders are kindly requested to submit completed forms of proxy at

the office of the meeting scrutineers of the company at proxy@tmsmeetings.co.za or The Meeting

Specialist (Pty) Ltd, JSE Building, One Exchange Square 2 Gwen Lane, Sandown, 2196, by 12:00

on Wednesday, 1 February 2023. Any forms of proxy not lodged by this time must be e-mailed to

TMS to be received by them before the proxy exercises a shareholder’s right virtually at the AGM.

Please note that a proxy may delegate his/her authority to act on a shareholder’s behalf to another

person, subject to the restrictions set out in the attached form of proxy as stipulated in section

58(3)(b) of the Companies Act.

Unless revoked before then, a signed proxy form shall remain valid at any adjournment or

postponement of the AGM and the proxy so appointed shall be entitled to vote, as indicated on the

proxy form, on any resolution (including any resolution which is amended).

CSDPs, brokers or their nominees, as the case may be, recorded in the company’s sub-register as

holders of dematerialised shares held on behalf of an investor/beneficial owner in terms of Strate,

when authorised in terms of their mandate or instructed to do so by the owner on behalf of whom

they hold dematerialised shares in the company, may vote either by appointing a duly authorised

representative to virtually attend and vote at the AGM or by completing the attached form of proxy

in accordance with the instructions thereon and returning it to TMS.

Octodec does not accept responsibility and will not be held liable for any failure on the part of the

CSDP or broker of a dematerialised shareholder to notify such shareholder of the AGM or any

business to be conducted thereat.

By order of the board

Elize Greeff

Group company secretary

Octodec Investments Limited

101 Du Toit Street

Tshwane

29 November 2022

OCTODEC INVESTMENTS LIMITED

Integrated Report 2022

180

managing director)2, A Vieira (financial director)2, DP Cohen3,

RWR Buchholz4, NC Mabunda4, EMS Mojapelo4, MZ Pollack1, PJ Strydom4, LP van Breda4

1 Non-executive director

2 Executive director

3 Lead independent director

4 Independent non-executive director

Group company secretary

Elize Greeff

CPA House, 101 Du Toit Street, Tshwane, 0002

Tel: 012 357 1564

E-mail: elizeg@octodec.co.za

Sponsor

Java Capital

Contact person: Jean Williams

6th Floor, 1 Park Lane, Wierda Valley, Sandton, 2196

PO Box 522606, Saxonwold, 2132

Tel: 011 722 3061

E-mail: sponsor@javacapital.co.za

Auditors

Ernst & Young Inc.

Contact person: Gail Moshoeshoe CA(SA)

102 Rivonia Road, Sandton

Private Bag X14, Sandton, 2146

Tel: 011 502 0601

e-mail: gail.moshoeshoe@za.ey.com

Transfer secretaries

Computershare Investor Services (Pty) Ltd

Contact person: Leon Naidoo

Rosebank Towers, 15 Biermann Avenue, Rosebank, 2196

Private Bag X9000, Saxonwold, 2132

Tel: 011 370 5000

E-mail: leon.naidoo@computershare.co.za

Investor relations

Instinctif Partners

Contact person: Bryan Silke

2nd Floor, Oxford Parks, 8 Parks Boulevard, Dunkeld, Johannesburg, 2196

Tel: 011 447 3030

E-mail: investorrelations@octodec.co.za

Forms of proxy

The Meeting Specialist (Pty) Ltd

JSE Building, One Exchange Square, 2 Gwen Lane, Sandown, 2196

PO Box 62043 Marshalltown, 2107

E-mail: proxy@tmsmeetings.co.za

www.octodec.co.za

# 16333:

