Managing Director of M&Z. The properties were all based in

Namibia, largely in Windhoek, with a sectoral spread of 50%

retail, 40% industrial and 10% commercial.

Using a new approach of ‘sell and lease back’, Oryx would allow

these property owners to sell their investments in fixed assets,

while retaining the utilisation thereof for their businesses. The

first public offering was for four million units at N$5 per unit.

These units comprised a N$4.49 loan and N$0.01 share capital.

The prospectus was issued on 31 October 2002 and closed on

20 November 2002. The first issue was fully subscribed and raised

N$20 million from the public. The company, Oryx Properties

Limited, was listed on the NSX on 4 December 2002.

Oryx was created to allow ordinary Namibians to invest in the country’s developing property sector.

“We chose the name Oryx Properties Limited since

the oryx is a truly Namibian antelope representing

stamina, elegance and pride. The oryx, a large

desert antelope with long horns and distinctive

facial markings, is Namibia’s national animal

appearing on the coat of arms.”

PERSPECTIVES FROM A

FOUNDING DIRECTOR

– FRANCOIS UYS

20 years

of securing

prosperity for

Namibians

Oryx’s first office was on the first floor of Maerua Office Towers.

The first employees had to install and adopt the NSX’s listing

requirements, engage with investors and showcase the Oryx

investment case. Oryx was fortunate to be supported by a

formidable Board of highly qualified and experienced business

people. I was a member of the Board since 2002, and elected as

the Chairman in 2006, a position I held until I retired from the

Board in November 2019 after a serious cycling accident.

I am honoured and proud of what we created. It began as merely an

idea that progressed to becoming the first property company listed

in Namibia. Over the years, Oryx evolved to become a significant

local property player. In 2013, more than 90% of Oryx’s unitholders

were Namibian. Notably, Oryx has never had a scandal or incidence

of corruption, a testament to its strong ethics and values.

Oryx’s success is based on a long track record of offering

excellent returns to investors. Despite the challenges that

COVID-19 created, I am confident that Oryx will continue to

deliver acceptable returns to unitholders. Oryx will continue

to build on its solid foundation, including diversifying across the

different property sectors.:

managing director

of Leap Holdings and serves as a non-executive director at Pupkewitz

Holdings and Nabo Capital Limited, a Kenya-based asset manager.

Key strengths:

•

Accounting, audit and internal control

•

Risk

•

Commerce

•

Governance

•

Financial services

IC

RNC

RNC

B

B

The Board of Directors and executive team

The skills and experience of the Group’s diverse Board and management teams ensure leadership depth and focus. This enables the Group

to create value for its stakeholders sustainably and ethically.

Board members as at 30 June 2022

Mr Peter Kazmaier (69)

Independent Non-executive Director,

Chairperson

Mr Ben Jooste (43)

CEO and Executive Director

Ms Jenny Comalie (48)

Independent Non-executive Director

Ms Ally Angula (42)

Independent Non-executive Director,

Deputy Chairperson

B

B

RACC

RACC

C:

Managing Director and Co-founder of SoHo Properties.

He has 29 years’ property experience and has held roles at JSE-listed

companies, Resilient Pangbourne, Diversified and Monyetla including

being the: Managing

