letter from me about

the meeting, explanatory notes for the resolutions to be put to

the meeting and details of your vote are set out on pages 163

to 175 of this document.

I hope that you will be able to join us at the meeting which is

a key forum for shareholders to meet with and discuss matters

with the Board. If you are not able to attend, please either

use the form of proxy that you should find with the Annual

Report or cast your vote electronically as explained on pages

163 and 175.

Looking ahead

I would like to conclude by thanking members of the Board for

their continued support and wholehearted commitment over

the past year. We have all appreciated being able to hold Board

meetings in person once again and have enjoyed the benefits

of more informal engagement in face-to-face meetings both at

Board level and with our employees.

I hope that you find the remaining pages of this Governance

Report informative and useful.

Steven Owen

Chairman

21 February 2023:

Managing Director from

that time. On completion of the internalisation on

5 January 2021, Harry Hyman was appointed as

Chief Executive Officer.

Career

Harry graduated from Cambridge University and trained

as a Chartered Accountant and Corporate Treasurer.

He established the Company in 1996 and was the: Managing Director of Nexus Tradeco Limited (“Nexus”),

which until 5 January 2021 was the Adviser to PHP.

He is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants

in England and Wales, a Fellow of the Association of

Corporate Treasurers and a Fellow of the Royal Institute

of Chartered Surveyors.

Skills, competence and experience

Harry has extensive experience in investing in the primary

healthcare sector, having developed the Company’s

business from inception over 20 years ago to its current

position with an investment portfolio of over £2.6 billion.

He also brings entrepreneurial flair to the Board having

established a number of successful private companies.

Other listed directorships

Non-executive

letter of appointment

Harry Hyman

5 February 1996

5 January 2021

Richard Howell

1 April 2017

15 April 2021

Harry Hyman entered into a contract of employment with the Company on 5 January 2021 and Richard Howell entered into a

revised contract of employment with PHP Tradeco Limited on 15 April 2021 to reflect the terms of the Policy. Harry Hyman’s

contract was for an initial fixed period of twelve months and can be terminated by either party on giving twelve months’ notice.

Harry Hyman has informed the Company of his intention to retire as CEO with effect from the Annual General Meeting in 2024.

Richard Howell’s service contract is a rolling contract that can be terminated by either party on giving six months’ notice.

Non-executive Directors: contracts

Name

Date of appointment

Date of service agreement or: letter of appointment

Length of appointment

Years

Steven Owen

1 January 2014

9 December 2013

9

Ivonne Cantú

1 January 2022

14 December 2021

1

Laure Duhot

14 March 2019

14 March 2019

3

Ian Krieger

15 February 2018

15 February 2018

4

The Non-executive

LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN

To all shareholders

15 March 2023

Notice of Annual General Meeting

Dear shareholder,

I am pleased to invite you to our 2023 Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) which will be held on Wednesday, 19 April at 10:30 a.m.

at the offices of CMS Cameron McKenna Nabarro Olswang LLP, Cannon Place, 78 Cannon Street, London EC4N 6AF.

The formal Notice of AGM, which sets out the resolutions to be proposed, can be found on pages 165 to 167. An explanation of

the resolutions can be found on pages 168 to 172. A copy of our 2022 Annual Report which includes this Notice of AGM can also

be found on our website (www.phpgroup.co.uk/investors).

Your vote and participation in the AGM are important to us. We strongly encourage you to vote on all resolutions either

electronically, in advance of the meeting, or by appointing the Chairman as your proxy. If you cast your vote by proxy in advance

this will not prevent you from voting on the day. (A proxy form for your use (“Form of Proxy”) is enclosed with this document or

can be downloaded from our website www.phpgroup.co.uk/investors).

Actions to be taken in respect of the AGM

If you are unable to attend the AGM and vote on the day, the ways to vote are as follows:

1. Register your vote electronically by logging into Equiniti Limited’s (“Equiniti”) website www.sharevote.co.uk. If you have

already registered with Equiniti’s online portfolio service, Shareview, you can submit your proxy by logging on to your portfolio

at www.shareview.co.uk and following the instructions. Please note that votes submitted electronically in this manner should

be submitted by no later than 10:30 a.m. on 17 April 2023.

2. Appoint a proxy to vote on your behalf. Fill in the Proxy Form and return it to Equiniti as detailed in Note 4 on page 173, or

appoint your proxy electronically as detailed in Note 4 on page 173, or if you are a CREST member, appoint your proxy through

the CREST proxy appointment service as detailed in Note 5 on page 173. Shareholders who wish to appoint a proxy are

recommended to appoint the Chairman of the meeting as their proxy.

3. If you are an institutional investor you may be able to appoint a proxy electronically via the Proxymity platform, a process

which has been agreed by the Company and approved by Equiniti. For further information regarding Proxymity, please go

to www.proxymity.io. Before you can appoint a proxy via this process you will need to have agreed to Proxymity’s terms and

conditions. It is important that you read these carefully as you will be bound by them and they will govern the electronic

appointment of your proxy.

Proxy appointments should be completed as soon as possible and must be received by 10:30 a.m. on 17 April 2023, whether this is

via Proxymity or otherwise.

Voting electronically or the completion and return of the Form of Proxy will not prevent you from attending and voting at the

AGM, or any adjournment of the AGM, in person, should you wish to do so. As all our resolutions at the AGM will be taken on a

poll vote, so as to accurately record all votes made either at the meeting or via proxy, shareholders attending the meeting will be

asked to vote their shares by poll. Full guidance will be given on the day. The results of the AGM will be notified to the London

Stock Exchange and posted on our website as soon as possible after the AGM.

Recommendation

The Directors consider that the resolutions are in the best interests of the Company and are most likely to promote the success

of the Company for the benefit of shareholders as a whole. Accordingly, the Directors unanimously recommend that you vote

in favour of all the resolutions, as they intend to do so in respect of their own beneficial holdings (and the beneficial holdings

which are under their control and those of their close relations), which, as at 14 March 2023 (being the last practicable date prior

to publication of this document), amount in aggregate to 25,010,851 Ordinary Shares, representing approximately 1.87%. of the

Ordinary Shares currently in issue.

On behalf of the Board, I thank you for your continued support.

Yours sincerely,

Steven Owen

Chairman

Notice of Annual General Meeting 2023 continued:

