Managing Director and owner in 2005, a position which he holds

to date.

HAYDEN THOMPSON HARTLEY (49)

INDEPENDENT, NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

Date of appointment: 17 February 2016

Hayden holds a Bachelor of Commerce Honours degree in

Finance and Economics, with 15 years’ experience in the property,

construction and development sectors. He has also been involved

in numerous projects for a leading South African gold mining

company in his capacity as construction and project manager, and

is currently involved in additional projects from a developmental

perspective.

RENE STYBER (51)

INDEPENDENT, NON-EXECUTIVE

DIRECTOR

Date of appointment: 1 July 2018

René is a sales professional with 30 years of

management experience across a variety of

fields including, inter alia, product management,

residential and commercial property sales and

company management. René has successfully

managed her own commercial property business

since its inception in 2010 and most recently, is

a director of Rosh Pinah Properties Proprietary

Limited, where she manages a team of brokers as

well as day-to-day operations.

DANIELE TORRICELLI (58)

CHAIR, INDEPENDENT, NON-EXECUTIVE

DIRECTOR

Date of appointment: 3 December 2015

Daniele holds a Bachelor of Science (Mechanical

Engineering) as well as an MBA from Wits

Business School and is a member of the Exco team

of one of the largest clay brick manufacturers in

Africa. He brings extensive strategic and tactical

skills to the Board as well as broad general

business experience.

Integrated Annual Report 2022

95:

director's report states that the Group’s internal controls

and systems are designed to provide reasonable, but not

absolute, assurance as to the integrity and reliability of

the ﬁnancial statements, to safeguard, verify and maintain

accountability for its assets and to detect and minimise

fraud, potential liability, loss and material misstatement,

while complying with applicable laws and regulations.

The Board regularly receives reports from specialist ﬁnancial

and property advisors setting out key ﬁnancial performance

indicators. Monitoring of these key indicators allows the Board

to consider relevant control issues.

The directors have satisﬁed themselves that the systems and

procedures of internal controls are implemented, maintained

and monitored for the year ended 30 June 2022. No indications

exist that these systems of internal control were not appropriate.

Furthermore, no material loss, exposure or misstatement arising

from a material breakdown in the functioning of the systems

has been reported to the directors in respect of the year under

review.

Stakeholder communications

The Group subscribes to the principles of objective,

honest, transparent, timeous, relevant and understandable

communication of both financial and non-financial matters.

Communication to the public, shareholders and other

stakeholders embodies the principles of balanced reporting

and substance over form.

The Board acknowledges its duty to present a balanced and

understandable assessment of the Group’s position in reporting

to all of its stakeholders.

Codes of ethics and conduct

Putprop has formal codes of ethics and conduct that have

been adopted by the Board, following annual review by the

Social and Ethics Committee (SE) and is communicated to all

staff. These codes are consistent with the highest principles of

integrity, honesty, ethical behaviour and compliance with all

laws and regulations. These codes require all directors, officers

and staff to adhere to their standards and are reviewed by the

SE on an annual basis.

The Board is not aware of any transgressions of the codes of

ethics or conduct for the 2022 financial year. No Issues of non-

compliance or prosecutions have been actioned against the

Group.

Liability insurance

Liability insurance providing cover for all members of the

Board, both executive and non-executive directors as well as

prescribed officers, are in place to cover potential legal action

against them by third parties.

Conclusion

The Board is satisfied that its composition reflects the

appropriate mix of knowledge, skills, experience and diversity

to carry out its mandate per the Board charter.

Board of Directors (continued):

letter of engagement for such work must be created and subsequently reviewed by the AR Committee. Non-audit services

performed by the external auditor during the year under review were approved and monitored by the AR Committee. No non-

audit services were carried out for the year ending 30 June 2022.

• In addition, following the AR committee’s review of the Independent Regulatory Board of Auditors’ latest findings report

and the latest inspection reports and summary of internal review findings in terms of paragraph 22.15 (h) of the Listings

Requirements provided by the auditors the committee satisfied itself that both BDO and Vincent Ngobese are accredited in

terms of the Listings Requirements and are independent from the Company.

• Meetings were held with the auditor where management were not present, and no matters of concern were raised. Based on

our processes followed nothing has come to the AR Committee’s attention which would lead the AR Committee to question the

external auditor’s independence. Based on our satisfaction with the results of the activities outlined above, the AR Committee

has recommended to the Board that BDO be appointed as the external auditors for the 2023 ﬁnancial year, and Vincent

Ngobese as the designated auditor, subject to shareholder approval.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND ACCOUNTING PRACTICES

The annual ﬁnancial statements of the Group and Company have been reviewed for the year ended 30 June 2022. Based on

information provided by management the AR is of the view that in all material aspects both the accounting policies and the

annual ﬁnancial statements are appropriate and comply with the provisions of the Companies Act, Act 71 of 2008, as amended,

International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), interpretations as issued by the International Financial Reporting

Interpretations Committee, Financial Reporting Pronouncements as issued by the Financial Reporting Standards Committee, and

the JSE Listings Requirements.

Where it was considered appropriate, the AR, made submissions to the Board on matters concerning the Group’s and Company’s

accounting policies, ﬁnancial control records and reporting.

The AR considered, reviewed and approved for submission to the Board the following:

• the Group’s and Company’s property valuations both internal, by the directors of the Group in December 2021 and June 2022;

• the valuation performed by an independent external valuer, as at 30 June 2022;

• the full year integrated report to 30 June 2022; and

• the interim results to December 2021.

All of the reports as listed above were recommended for approval to the Board.

The AR has further considered the JSE’s most recent report back on proactive monitoring of financial statements, and where

necessary to respond to the findings highlighted in the JSE report when preparing the annual financial statements for the year

ended 30 June 2022.

The AR conﬁrms that it received no complaints relating to the accounting policies, reporting practices, internal ﬁnancial controls

or the content and auditing of its ﬁnancial statements during the year under review.

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT AND ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

At its meeting held on 17 August 2022, the AR considered and recommended the June 2022 integrated annual report and annual

financial statements for approval to the Board. The Board has subsequently approved the integrated annual report and the annual

financial statements, which will be open for discussion at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting.

133:

letter of representation to enable them to attend the Annual General Meeting, or, alternatively, should the

dematerialised shareholder not wish to attend the Annual General Meeting, they should provide their CSDP or broker with

their voting instructions.

Forms of proxy should be lodged with the Company’s transfer secretaries, Computershare Investor Services Proprietary

Limited, located at Rosebank Towers, 15 Biermann Avenue, Rosebank, 2196, South Africa, or posted to the Company’s transfer

secretaries at Private Bag X9000, Saxonwold, 2132, South Africa to be received by them by no later than 11:30 on Thursday,

10 November 2022 (or 48 (forty-eight) hours before any adjournments of the Annual General Meeting which date, if necessary,

will be notified on SENS). Thereafter, forms of proxy may be handed to the chair of the Annual General Meeting prior to the

commencement of the Annual General Meeting, at any time before the appointed proxy exercises any shareholder rights at the

Annual General Meeting.

Annual General Meeting participants, which includes proxies, are required to provide identification to the reasonable satisfaction

of the chair of the Annual General Meeting. An official identification document issued by the South African Department of Home

Affairs, a driver’s license or a valid passport will be accepted as sufficient identification.

Shareholders who have any doubt as to the action they must take should consult their accountant, attorney, banker or other

professional advisor immediately. On a poll, ordinary shareholders will have one vote in respect of each share held.

Putprop Limited

Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa

(Registration number 1988/001085/06)

Share code: PPR ISIN: ZAE000072310

(“Putprop” or ”the Company” or “the Group”)

186:

letter to shareholders accompanying this Notice contains details of where copies of the integrated annual report

and annual financial statements are available.

Report from the Social and Ethics Committee

In accordance with Regulation 43(5)(c) of the Companies Act, the chair of the Social and Ethics Committee or, in his absence, any

member of the Committee, will present the Committee’s report to shareholders at the Annual General Meeting.

Ordinary resolutions

To consider and, if deemed fit, to pass with or without modification all the ordinary resolutions relating to business set out below.

More than 50% (fifty percent) of the voting rights exercised on each individual resolution must be exercised in favour of those

resolutions.

1.

Ordinary Resolution number 1: Re-election of Director

Rene Styber retires in accordance with article 25.7 of Putprop’s Memorandum of Incorporation (“MOI”), but being eligible

to do so, offers himself for re-election.

“Resolved, as an ordinary resolution, that Rene Styber be and is hereby re-elected as an independent non-executive

director of Putprop.”

Rationale: Putprop’s MOI and, to the extent applicable, the Companies Act requires that one-third of Putprop’s non-

executive directors rotate at the Annual General Meeting and can be eligible for re-election.

Rene Styber’s abbreviated curriculum vitae appears on page 95 of the Integrated Annual Report to which this Notice is

attached.

2.

Ordinary Resolution number 2: Re-election of Director

Gerrit van Heerden retires in accordance with article 25.7 of Putprop’ s MOI, but being eligible to do so, offers himself for

re-election.

“Resolved, as an ordinary resolution, that Gerrit van Heerden be and is hereby re-elected as an independent non-executive

director of Putprop.”

Rationale: Putprop’ s MOI and, to the extent applicable, the Companies Act requires that one-third of Putprop’ s non-

executive directors rotate at the Annual General Meeting and can be eligible for re-election.

Gerrit van Heerden’s abbreviated curriculum vitae appears on page 95 of the Integrated Annual Report to which this Notice

is attached.

187:

Letter of Representation

to attend the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy and vote. If they do not wish to attend the Annual General Meeting

in person or by proxy, they must provide their CSDP or broker with their voting instructions in terms of the relevant custody

agreement entered into between them and the CSDP or broker. These ordinary shareholders must not use this form of proxy.

Name of beneficial shareholder

Name of registered shareholder

Address

Telephone work ( )

Telephone home ( )

Cell:

being the holder/custodian of ____________ ordinary shares in the Company, hereby appoint (see note):

1.

or failing him/her

2.

or failing him/her

3. the Chair of the meeting

as my/our proxy to attend and act for me/us on my/our behalf at the Annual General Meeting of the Company convened for pur-

pose of considering and, if deemed fit, passing, with or without modification, the special and ordinary resolutions to be proposed

thereat (“resolutions”) and at each postponement or adjournment thereof and to vote for and/or against such resolutions, and/or

abstain from voting, in respect of the ordinary shares in the issued share capital of the Company registered in my/our name/s in

accordance with the following instructions:

Form of proxy

Putprop Limited

Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa

(Registration number 1988/001085/06)

Share code: PPR ISIN: ZAE000072310

(“Putprop” or” the Company”)

193:

Letter of

Representation to attend the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy. If they do not wish to attend in person or by

proxy, they must provide the CSDP or broker with their voting instructions in terms of the relevant custody agreement

entered into between them and the CSDP or broker. Should the CSDP or broker not have provided the Company with the

details of the beneficial shareholding at the specific request by the Company, such shares may be disallowed to vote at the

Annual General Meeting.

4.

A shareholder entitled to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting may insert the name of a proxy or the names of two

alternate proxies (none of whom need be a shareholder of the Company) of the shareholder’s choice in the space provided,

with or without deleting “the Chair of the meeting”. The person whose name stands first on this form of proxy and who is

present at the Annual General Meeting will be entitled to act as proxy to the exclusion of those proxy(ies) whose names

follow. Should this space be left blank, the proxy will be exercised by the Chair of the meeting.

5.

A shareholder is entitled to one vote on a show of hands and, on a poll, one vote in respect of each ordinary share held. A

shareholder’s instructions to the proxy must be indicated by the insertion of the relevant number of votes exercisable by that

shareholder in the appropriate space provided. If an “X” has been inserted in one of the blocks to a particular resolution,

it will indicate the voting of all the shares held by the shareholder concerned. Failure to comply with this will be deemed to

authorise the proxy to vote or to abstain from voting at the Annual General Meeting as he/she deems fit in respect of all

the shareholder’s votes exercisable thereat. A shareholder or the proxy is not obliged to use all the votes exercisable by the

shareholders or by the proxy, but the total of the votes cast and in respect of which abstention is recorded may not exceed

the total of the votes exercisable by the shareholder or the proxy.

6.

A vote given in terms of an instrument of proxy shall be valid in relation to the Annual General Meeting notwithstanding the

death, insanity or other legal disability of the person granting it, or the revocation of the proxy, or the transfer of the ordinary

shares in respect of which the proxy is given, unless notice as to any of the aforementioned matters shall have been received

by the transfer secretaries not less than 48 (forty eight) hours before the commencement of the Annual General Meeting, or

48 (forty eight) hours before any adjournment thereof.

195:

