letter

- Skilled and experienced staff. Recently increased

capacity with ongoing staff skills enhancement,

competence development and training

- Formal internal and external auditors’ engagements

- Whistle-blowing Hotline

- ARC – reviews JSE proactive monitoring papers

RISK MANAGEMENT AND KEY RISK FACTORS continued:

Managing Director and Finance Manager of Afhco. The remuneration of all employees, including those employed by Afhco,

is reviewed periodically to ensure that the salaries and benefits remain market-related. The Committee utilises independent and objective

remuneration consultants to facilitate this review as well as to review the remuneration policy.

No amendments were made to the remuneration policy in the current year

Refer to the remuneration policy on our website at

https://www.sacorporatefund.co.za/index.php/about-us/corporate-governance#moi-charters-policies-and-checklists

The Committee approved the following in respect of remuneration for 2022:

•

Salary increases of up to 6%.

•

STIs were paid in respect of the 2021 financial year in accordance with the incentive threshold achieved.

•

LTIs were issued in accordance with the rules of the plan.

REMUNERATION REPORT continued

IN CONCLUSION

The Committee is satisfied that it has successfully responded to shareholder remuneration expectations for the year under review.

The Company’s remuneration policy and implementation report will be presented to shareholders at the next AGM for a nonbinding advisory vote.

Should 25% or more of shareholders vote against one or both of the non-binding resolutions, SAC undertakes to engage with the dissenting

shareholder(s) to ascertain their concerns. Details of these engagements and steps taken to address reasonable concerns will be disclosed in the

next Remuneration Report.

The Committee is satisfied that the objectives of the remuneration policy were achieved in the current year, without material deviation. We will

nevertheless continue to review and streamline our policy and practices to ensure fair and competitive remuneration that allows SAC to attract and

retain the right calibre of human capital to achieve our objectives.

Adv OR Mosetlhi

Chairman of the Remuneration Committee

OVERVIEW OF REMUNERATION POLICY AND PHILOSOPHY

INPUTS

HR ACTIVITIES

Remuneration

Incentives

Conducive work

environment

Nimble entrepreneurial

culture

Employee wellbeing

programme

Talent assessments

Attract

Employ

Develop

Incentivise

Retain

Staff retention and

succession

Skilled and engaged

employees

Staff wellbeing and

satisfaction

Superior business

performance

OUTPUTS

SAC’s strategic intent

and objectives

Sustainable value

creation through

fair and

responsible

remuneration

linked to sustained

performance

Appropriate pay

mix between

fixed and

variable pay,

both short- and

long-term

Transparent

alignment of

remuneration

with strategy,

pay policies,

cost and

performance

Regular

periodic

review and

independent

benchmarking

1

2

3

4:

