letter

Corporate governance report

Delivery of this ambitious merger which will create the leading central

London mixed-use REIT is a significant achievement. The merger will create

a business with a balanced portfolio focused on iconic destinations in

the West End with diversified income streams, led by an experienced

management team with a strong track record of delivering long-term

value across the West End. The future business will build on the success

and strengths of both companies, establishing a dynamic, inclusive

culture, a strong capital structure and a robust governance structure.

The combined business intends to take a sustainable approach,

delivering positive environmental and social outcomes for stakeholders.

The Board’s year

During 2022, in addition to the Board’s oversight of the Group’s people,

operations and financial matters, the Board’s focus was the development

and progression of the merger. I am proud of the Board’s achievement in

delivering this transaction, which has been accomplished whilst delivering

strong operational performance and establishing an appropriate financial

structure to facilitate completion of the transaction.

You can read more about the matters that the Board considered before

recommending the merger on pages 26 and 92.

Performance and dividend

Capco delivered total property return for the year of 2.8 per cent, significantly

outperforming our comparator group. Total return for the year was -13.6

per cent, primarily driven by the decline in the Shaftesbury share price

resulting in a reduction in the valuation of our interest in Shaftesbury. The

Covent Garden valuation was unchanged for the year with six per cent

ERV growth offset by outward yield movement. The Board has declared

a second interim dividend of 1.7 pence per share, bringing the total

dividend for the year to 2.5 pence per share.

Governance framework

The Board ensures that Capco operates responsibly as we deliver the

Company’s strategy, and that the way we do business reflects our culture

and values. The corporate governance and Board Committee reports

explain the matters that the Board and its Committees consider, and how

they and our broader governance framework work together to achieve our

purpose of investing in and creating world-class places. Under this over-

sight, our focus on central London, vision, long-term approach and respon-

sible stewardship, delivers economic and social value and generates

benefits for our stakeholders. In considering the proposed merger, it

was important to the Board that the Company maintained its strong

governance structure.

The Board

I reported last year that a search for my replacement as Chair of the

Company was ongoing, and that the Board was also considering the

appointment of one or more additional Non-executive Directors with the

intention of improving the diversity of the Board. Work on the merger

meant that it was not possible to progress these projects as originally

planned, and so they were each suspended during the year, pending

the outcome of the proposed merger.

Should the merger complete, the current Capco entity will be the continuing

listed company. I will step down as Chairman of the Company, and

Jonathan Nicholls, the current Chairman of Shaftesbury PLC, will become

Chairman of the Combined Group.

Dear Shareholder,

I am pleased to introduce Capco’s 2022 Corporate governance report.

Capco has had an active year with strong operational momentum at

Covent Garden, excellent leasing demand, high occupancy levels and

normalised rent collection patterns. The sustained recovery in footfall

and consumer appeal of Covent Garden has resulted in customer sales

tracking ahead of 2019 levels.

Covent Garden continues to attract high quality retailers and restaurateurs,

with a number of introductions, including Tag Heuer, Tudor and Gaucho

alongside established customers such as Apple, Chanel, Balthazar and

SUSHISAMBA. Capco’s innovative and engaging cultural and digital

marketing programmes ensure that Covent Garden continues to be a

location of choice for occupiers and visitors.

Whilst there are macroeconomic headwinds, the West End has

consistently demonstrated its resilience, and we are encouraged to

continue to see rental growth in our portfolio. We look ahead with

confidence in the long-term prospects of the Covent Garden estate and

London’s West End.

Merger with Shaftesbury

During 2022, the Board recommended the merger of the Company

with Shaftesbury via a scheme of arrangement to create a new leading

London mixed-used REIT, Shaftesbury Capital PLC. I was pleased that

the proposal received the approval of the Group’s shareholders in

July 2022. The merger clearance from the Competition and Markets

Authority in February 2023, and now remains subject to the final steps,

with completion expected to occur on 6 March 2023.

“The Board ensures that we deliver the

Company’s strategy in a responsible

manner and the way we do business

reflects Capco’s culture and values.”

Henry Staunton, Chairman

Richard Akers, Ruth Anderson, Helena Coles and Jennelle Tilling, who

are each currently non-executive directors of Shaftesbury PLC, will join

the Board of the merged company, and Jonathan Lane will retire as a

Non-executive Director of Capco. Together these changes will refresh the

skills and experience on the Board, improve Board diversity and increase

the number of the Company’s Non-executive Directors, achieving

the Board’s established aims.

Ian Hawksworth and Situl Jobanputra will continue as Chief Executive

and Chief Financial Officer respectively. As part of completion of the

merger, Chris Ward, currently Chief Financial Officer of Shaftesbury,

will join the Board as Chief Operating Officer, and Michelle McGrath,

Executive Director, will join the newly established Executive Committee,

with responsibility for the leadership of the enlarged Covent Garden

portfolio and supporting the Chief Executive in the development of

Group strategy. I would like to thank Michelle for her outstanding

contribution to Capco’s Board, particularly during the global pandemic

and the transaction between Capco and Shaftesbury.

Should the merger for any reason not complete, then the Board changes

would not take effect, Michelle McGrath would continue as an Executive

Director and the search for a new independent Chair would be a priority

for the Board.

Our stakeholders

The Board continues to value stakeholder engagement and receives

regular updates on their views. This is key to the delivery of our Group

strategy as a responsible business. The likely impact on stakeholders of

recommended proposals is given careful consideration by the Board, to

ensure that each decision aligns with the Group’s strategy and values.

You can read more about our engagement with our stakeholders on page 22.

Culture and values

The Board ensures that corporate culture and values are aligned with

the Company’s purpose and the delivery of corporate strategy, and are

appropriately integrated into the business. In bringing together two

businesses under the merger, it will be a priority to ensure that a dynamic,

inclusive corporate culture is established and embedded within the

combined business, ensuring that the future business embodies the best

of the two companies.

You can read more about our culture and values on pages 16, 19, 80 and 92.

Risk management

The Board has overall responsibility for risk management across the

Group and consideration of risk and assessment of the effectiveness

of the Group’s risk management structure is embedded into the Board’s

processes. The Board receives regular updates from the Executive Risk

Committee (which assesses risk at management level) and Audit Committee

throughout the year which ensures that the Board takes its decisions

and considers the Group’s principal risks from an informed position.

In assessing the Group’s principal risks, the Board considers those

risks identified that were not realised, the effectiveness of mitigations,

and whether there were any significant matters that had not previously

been captured in the Group’s risk register.

You can read more about our approach to risk management on pages 43

to 51.

Sustainability

The Board, and its ESC Committee, continue to oversee delivery of the

Company’s sustainability strategy as we make progress towards our net

zero commitment. During the year, Capco joined the UN Race to Zero,

which ensures that our targets receive SBTi verification, and we have

continued to improve EPC ratings across the estate when refurbishment

works are undertaken. I was pleased that Capco has been recognised

as a Climate Leader by the Financial Times, and that the Company’s

sustainability disclosures have received an EPRA Gold rating for the

fourth consecutive year.

Diversity

There is great diversity throughout Capco, and the Board hugely values

this diversity and the benefits that it brings. The Board supports the

Company’s diversity initiatives and is impressed by the efforts of the business

to help make the property sector more inclusive for young people.

You can read more about the Company’s diversity initiatives on pages 81

and 98.

I am pleased that the changes to the Board anticipated on completion of

the merger will increase Board diversity and mean that the Company’s

Directors are more representative of the business as a whole.

Looking ahead

Whilst there are macroeconomic headwinds, the Company enters 2023

at a moment of great potential. The resilience of the Covent Garden

estate, the Company’s strong financial position and the opportunities that

will arise from the merger mean that the Company is strongly positioned

to grow and deliver long-term economic and social value for our

stakeholders. We believe in the long-term potential of the West End and

look forward to the Company’s continued success.

Thanks

The delivery of a merger requires a commitment from Directors and

employees that goes far beyond their day jobs, and such a transaction

inevitably creates understandable uncertainty. Our employees have

performed exceptionally well throughout a very demanding year, and

I would like to extend my thanks to each of them, both personally, and

on behalf of the Directors.

It has been a privilege to serve as your Chairman, and I look forward

to seeing the Company’s future success.

Henry Staunton

Chairman

28 February 2023

86

www.capitalandcounties.com

87

Capco Annual Report 2022

Governance:

Managing Director and Head of Blackstone Advisory Partners in Asia and held

senior positions in Asia at Lehman Brothers, Deutsche Bank and ING Barings.

Anthony is also a Director of Twelve Seas Investment Company II, which is listed

on NASDAQ.

External appointments: CEO of Comprador Limited and a Director of Twelve Seas

Investment Company II

Charlotte Boyle

Independent Non-executive Director

Charlotte is a former partner of The Zygos Partnership, an international search and

board advisory firm. Prior to this, Charlotte worked for Goldman Sachs International

and Egon Zehnder International. Charlotte is a Non-executive Director of Coca-Cola

HBC AG and Thatchers Cider Company Limited, a Non-executive adviser to Knight

Frank LLP, and a Trustee of Alfanar, the venture philanthropy organisation. Charlotte

is also Chair of UK for UNHCR.

External appointments: Chair, UK for UNHCR. Non-executive Director of Coca-Cola

HBC AG and Thatchers Cider Company Limited. Non-executive adviser to Knight

Frank LLP, and a Trustee of Alfanar

Jonathan is a Chartered Surveyor. He was Chief Executive and then Non-executive

Chairman of Shaftesbury PLC until September 2016, and was Non-executive

Chairman of EasyHotel plc until October 2019. His current charitable roles include

The National Trust and The Royal Theatrical Support Trust, where he is a trustee.

Jonathan Lane OBE

Independent Non-executive Director

Year of first appointment: 2016

Year of first appointment: 2010

Year of first appointment: 2017

Year of first appointment: 2019

88

www.capitalandcounties.com

89

Capco Annual Report 2022

Governance:

letter

November 2022

meeting

– Effectiveness and independence of external auditors

– Internal controls

– 2022 external auditors’ audit plan

– Preliminary viability statement review

– Corporate governance policies, Non-audit Services Policy and Committee terms of reference

– 2023 internal audit plan

– Impact of IFRIC decision related to accounting for COVID-19

February 2023

meeting

– Going concern assessment and viability statement

– Preliminary results, Annual Report, Viability Statement and Management Representation: Letter

– Determining and recommending to the Board that the Annual Report taken as a whole was fair, balanced and

understandable

– Effectiveness of internal auditors

Significant issues considered by the Committee in 2022

Matter considered

What the Committee did

Proposed

merger with

Shaftesbury

PLC

Throughout the year, the Committee retained close oversight of the work streams undertaken in respect of the technical

accounting matters, financial reporting issues, financial control and financial integration planning prepared in connection

with the public documents and regulatory announcements related to the proposed merger with Shaftesbury. The Committee

also considered the repayment of £75 million of private placement loan notes and the £125 million secured loan facility

and entrance into a £576 million standby facility agreement when assessing liquidity and going concern in the context of

the proposed merger. The Committee discussed matters related to the proposed merger with management and the external

auditors, and remains satisfied that the appropriate approach has been taken.

Valuations

As in previous years, the independent external valuers presented the year end and half year valuations to the Committee.

Additional valuations were also undertaken in connection with the public documents related to the intended merger with

Shaftesbury. The Committee reviewed the valuation process and component parts of the valuations, discussed the year end

and half year valuations with the external auditors and challenged the valuers on the assumptions used. The Committee

also advised the Board on the independence of the valuers and obtained confirmation that management had provided

all requested information. The Committee was satisfied that the approach taken by the valuers was appropriate. Further

information can be found in note 14 to the financial statements.

Impact of IFRIC

decision on rent

concessions

Following the IFRS Interpretations Committee (“IFRIC”)’s agenda decision on the appropriate accounting treatment under

IFRS 9 and IFRS 16 of rental concessions, the Committee reviewed how this decision would impact Capco’s 2022 and

prior year financial statements in conjunction with the Group Financial Controller, management and the external auditors.

Following discussions, it was concluded that the change in accounting policy would require the restatement of prior

period figures with the addition of a third balance sheet included for the represented 31 December 2021 position. Further

information can be found in Note 1 to the financial statements.

Recoverability

of rental

receivables,

deferrals and

tenant lease

incentives

Both prior to and following the IFRIC decision, the Committee received updates from the Group Financial Controller on

the accounting treatment for final rental income support provided to tenants as a result of the impact of COVID-19. The

accounting treatment was subsequently updated in light of the IFRIC decision made in 2022.

The Committee also reviewed and assessed the assumptions used in calculating the expected credit loss for rent receivables

and the overall levels of impairment provision. Due to improving trading conditions in the year, COVID-19 support concluded

and lower level of rent receivables as at 31 December 2022, it was concluded that the impairment of rent receivables was

no longer considered a significant area of significant estimation and uncertainty.

Audit, risk and internal control continued

External auditors

Committee responsibilities

The Committee oversees the relationship with PricewaterhouseCoopers

LLP (“PwC”), the external auditors, and is responsible for

developing, implementing and monitoring the Company’s policy on external

audit, and for monitoring the auditors’ independence, objectivity and

compliance with ethical, professional and regulatory requirements. PwC

were first appointed as external auditors of the Company in 2010, and

were reappointed in 2020 following a competitive audit tender process.

Under current regulations, the Company is required to retender the audit

by no later than the 2030 financial year.

The external auditors are not permitted to perform any work that they

may subsequently need to audit or which might either create a conflict

of interest or affect the auditors’ objectivity and independence.

Access to Committee

The external auditors have direct access to the Audit Committee

letter of appointment contains a three-month

notice period. The letters of appointment may be viewed at the Company’s registered office.

Non-executive Directors’ dates of appointment and unexpired terms

Date of appointment

Date of most recent: letter of appointment

Unexpired term as at

31 December 2022

Charlotte Boyle

1 October 2017

28 June 2022

6 months

Jonathan Lane

1 March 2019

28 June 2022

6 months

Henry Staunton

2 June 2010

28 June 2022

6 months

Anthony Steains

1 March 2016

28 June 2022

6 months

Remuneration continued

114

www.capitalandcounties.com

115

Capco Annual Report 2022

Governance

letter on page 105, 40 per cent of the whole amount of

any bonus awarded will be deferred into shares for three years.

Performance conditions

In common with previous years, the financial performance targets for the year ending 31 December 2023 will be based on growth in EPRA Net

Tangible Assets per share (“NTA”), Total Property Return relative to the MSCI Total Return All Property Index, and underlying EPS.

The weightings of each measure, which are unchanged from the original targets set in 2022, are shown in the table below. The relative weighting of

financial and individual performance measures will also remain unchanged. Individual non-financial targets are set for each Executive Director.

Performance targets

The TPR target is included in the Company’s KPIs on page 20. The KPIs are in part dependent upon the occurrence of certain discrete events. Therefore,

whilst the outperformance targets that apply to the long-term incentives are disclosed, the Board has decided that as the Group operates in specific

locations within the competitive central London property market, prospective disclosure of specific short-term NTA and EPS targets, or non-financial

performance targets, would provide a level of information to counterparties that could prejudice the Company’s commercial interests. The Committee

will publish the performance targets retrospectively once they have ceased to be commercially sensitive, which is expected to be when the bonus

amounts are determined. Further information on the Company’s KPIs can be found on pages 20 and 21.

2023 annual bonus financial performance measures

Net Tangible Assets per share

33.33%

Underlying Earnings per Share

33.33%

Relative Total Property Return

33.33%

Remuneration report

Remuneration continued

116

www.capitalandcounties.com

117

Capco Annual Report 2022

Governance:

