Managing Director of Sirius

Facilities GmbH where he has

primary responsibility for new

lettings and tenant retention.

Prior to joining Sirius he was

director of sales & marketing

for Mice AG, a conferencing,

meeting room and congress

business, and has a wealth of

experience in leading national

and international sales teams.

Craig Hoskins (51)

Asset Management Director

Joined: 2006

Experience

Craig holds a degree in combined

sciences and has almost 20 years’

experience in the real estate

industry. Craig is the Asset

Management Director for Sirius

Facilities GmbH. Prior to Sirius

he held various management

roles, including for Workspace

Group Plc and with Saturn

Facilities Ltd, a UK multi-let

industrial business, whose

owners were founding members

of Sirius Facilities GmbH.

Stuart Gale (44)

Information Technology Director

Joined: 2019

Experience

Stuart joined Sirius Facilities

GmbH in 2019 as Information

Technology Director, bringing

more than 20 years of IT

experience with extensive

knowledge of IT strategy in

high-growth organisations.

Prior to joining Sirius, he worked

in a number of global IT leadership

roles, in particular for companies

developing fuel cell and low

emissions technology for the

automotive industry. Stuart

values technological innovation

and is well versed in the benefits

this can bring to any business.

Kremena Wissel (43)

Chief Marketing and

Impact Officer

Joined: 2006

Experience

Kremena holds a Master’s degree

in Marketing and Advertising from

the University of Arts Berlin and

an Executive MBA from CASS

Business School London. She

has studied in Germany, the

United Kingdom, China, Vietnam

and South Africa. Previously she

worked for Media ProSieben,

the leading media production

company, and now works as Chief

Marketing and Impact Officer at

Sirius Facilities GmbH, a new role

to lead further integration of ESG

into Sirius’ strategic development.

Kremena was awarded a lifetime

membership of Beta Gamma

Sigma, the international business

school society.

Tobias Schorstädt (40)

Acquisitions Director

Joined: 2012

Experience

Tobias holds a Bachelor’s Degree

in Real Estate Management

from the University of Economics

and Law Berlin. Previously he

worked for ten years in facilities

management for two leading

German FM suppliers,

Gegenbauer and Dussmann.

Within his time at Dussmann

he worked as an expatriate

for more than five years

establishing the UAE branches

in Abu Dhabi and Dubai.

At Sirius, Tobias is now leading

the Acquisitions department,

developing and realising the

ambitious growth plans of the

business in Germany.

Andreas Schlesinger (40)

Contracts, Utilities and

Environmental Services Director

Joined: 2010

Experience

Andreas graduated with a diploma

in Business Administration from

the Administration and Economy

Academy. Andreas joined and

later became head of Sirius’

Service Charge department

and one of the two procurists

of Curris GmbH, Sirius Group’s

procurement company for facility

management services and

utilities. Since 2021 Andreas

has officially been part of the

Sirius operating board and, beside

the two departments, he also took

over the environmental part of

ESG where he works with

Kremena Wissel – the main focus

is on reducing Group emissions.

Committee

membership

AM Asset Management

Committee

ESG Environmental, Social and

Governance Committee

HR Human Resources

Committee

TEC Technology Committee

Chairman of Committee

ESG

AM TEC

AM

AM

AM ESG TEC

AM HR

AM ESG HR

AM ESG HR

70

Sirius Real Estate Limited Annual Report and Accounts 2022:

letter to the auditors in relation to the audit for the 2022 financial

year and recommended it to the Board for approval

» Received and discussed EY’s audit strategy and planning report for the 2022 audit, including the scope,

areas of focus, materiality, team and programme

» Reviewed the audit firm’s public disciplinary and quality record, and its auditor transparency report

» Assessed the auditors’ performance, quality and independence and agreed to carry out an internal

performance and quality review post year end

» Received EY’s audit update report in relation to the 2022 audit, including issues relating to audit conduct,

revenue recognition and portfolio valuation

» Considered the accounting for the acquisition of BizSpace including goodwill

» Held private sessions with EY without management present

Annual Report and

Accounts 2022 and

announcement of results

» Reviewed the Board’s going concern and viability statement

» Carried out a “fair, balanced and understandable” assessment

» Reviewed the content, including the Audit Committee report, and recommended the Annual Report

and preliminary announcement to the Board for approval

Half Year Report 2022 and

announcement of results

» Reviewed the CFO’s summary of the half year results

» Received and discussed EY’s report on their half year review

» Discussed and challenged the key assumptions of a presentation from the Group’s valuer, C&W, on the

portfolio valuation for the half year 2022

» Reviewed the content and recommended the Half Year Report and announcement to the Board for approval

Dividends

» Considered management’s paper on dividends including cash flow statement

» Reviewed a solvency statement as required under Companies (Guernsey) Law, 2008 and considered the

dividend for the second half of the year ended 31 March 2021, recommending it to the Board for approval

» Reviewed a solvency statement and considered the dividend for the six months ended 30 September 2021,

recommending it to the Board for approval

Internal audit

» Discussed progress on implementing changes arising from PwC’s review of the Group in relation to the

impact of legislative changes affecting the Group and ensuring that the Group continues to optimise its

corporate structure

» Discussed the establishment of an internal audit function and asked management to recommend an

external provider and an initial scope of work for FY23

Risk, controls and

regulation

» As part of wider Board calls, reviewed severe but plausible stress tests on the Group’s financial position and

prospects

» Received periodic risk and control reports, including the Group’s risk matrix and updates to risks and mitigations

» Received the Whistleblowing Incidents Report and noted roll-out of Whistleblowing Policy and procedures

to BizSpace

» Monitored and reviewed the Group’s responses to the JSE in relation to the JSE’s Proactive Monitoring Programme

» Noted actions taken in relation to data security and IT resilience

» Reviewed the Group’s Risk Management Policy and undertook a review of the effectiveness of the Group’s

internal controls

Policy

» Applied the new Non-Audit Fee Policy following the Revised Ethical Standard 2019 published by the FRC

in December 2019 and updated the policy to facilitate work by the external auditors on corporate bond

issuances and the acquisition of BizSpace

82

Sirius Real Estate Limited Annual Report and Accounts 2022:

letter in relation to FY21 Annual Report and approved response

» Reviewed Committee Terms of Reference

» Received positive feedback relating to the Committee from the 2022 external Board evaluation

» Considered the forward work programme of the Committee

2018 UK Corporate Governance Code (the “2018 Code”), guidance and standards

The Committee considers that it has complied with the 2018 Code, met the standards set out in the FRC’s April 2016 Guidance on

Audit Committees and fulfilled the requirements of the FRC’s Revised Ethical Standard 2019.

Significant matters considered in relation to the financial statements

Significant matters considered

Audit Committee response

Valuation of investment properties

The carrying value of owned investment

properties is material to the Group’s balance

sheet. The valuation, which is performed half

yearly by Cushman & Wakefield LLP (“C&W”),

is based upon assumptions including future

rental income, anticipated maintenance costs

and an appropriate discount and exit cap rate.

There is a risk that the carrying value will differ

from its fair value.

The fair value of the Group’s owned investment properties is determined by an independent valuer.

The Committee considered the independent valuer’s report and met with the valuer to understand

the basis for the valuation, the scope of its work and the level of available transactional evidence to

support the carrying value of investment property and the appropriateness of supporting business

plans as well as the transactional evidence available on the German and UK markets.

EY reported to the Committee at the half year on their review and the year end in relation to the

audit on their results and findings of their assessment of C&W’s valuation judgements.

Having considered and challenged EY’s reporting, the Committee concluded that, based on the

degree of oversight and challenge applied to the valuation process, the valuations are conducted

appropriately and objectively.

The Committee considered the explanations of C&W and EY as to how the wider economic

environment impacted property valuations as at 31 March 2022 and the audit of the Company’s

reporting on them. Generally, there were no adjustments to yield assumptions, except in relation to

those properties affected by noticeable changes in lease situation as well as those affected by

market movements since the last valuation as at 30 September 2021. While Covid-19 uncertainty

continues, together with recent rises in inflation and in interest rates, the German real estate

market remains active.

Physical inspections of properties were not possible early on in the lockdown period although all

planned inspections were carried out while complying with the lockdown restrictions. For the

assets located in Germany and for the September 2021 valuation C&W have inspected 14 properties

and for March 2022 C&W have inspected 13 properties, equating to approximately 40% of properties.

The Committee noted the main driver of valuation growth in the year to 31 March 2022 to be

related to growth in income rather than changes to yield in both the UK and German markets.

The Committee compared the C&W valuations with the results presented by EY on their audit of

the valuations, which included the input of an EY Chartered Surveyor, as part of the external audit

plan agreed by the Committee.

The Committee discussed the impact of the Covid-19 crisis, together with the potential impact of

inflationary pressures and rising interest on the Group’s property valuations, with EY and C&W

respectively. Having considered and challenged EY and C&W respectively, the Committee

concluded that the valuations as at 31 March 2022 are appropriate.

Revenue recognition, including the timing of

revenue recognition and the treatment of rents,

service charge income and lease incentives

Certain transactions require management to

make judgements as to whether and to what

extent it should recognise revenue and present it

within the financial statements. Market

expectations and profit-based targets may place

pressure on management to distort revenue

recognition, which in turn may result in an

overstatement of revenues.

The Committee considered the main areas of judgement applied by management in accounting

for revenue including the treatment of rent, service charge income and lease incentives in the

core portfolio.

EY performed data analytics procedures over the whole population of leases in the Group’s

portfolio and over the whole population of journal entries posted to revenue during the year.

EY also performed analytical review procedures and tested samples of transactions relating to

rental income, service charge and other components of revenue. The Committee considered

and challenged EY’s work and reporting on revenue recognition.

Having considered and challenged EY’s reporting, the Committee concluded that, having

consulted EY and considered the main areas of judgement applied by management, revenue

is appropriately recognised and reported.

Accounting for the acquisition of BizSpace

(new for 2022)

The Group acquired BizSpace in November 2021

and now operates in two geographical markets

which includes UK specific risks in relation to

initial and subsequent accounting for the

acquisition. The requirements are complex in

relation to measurement and presentation of

financial information related to the transaction

and related contractual arrangements.

The Committee considered the impact on accounting arising from the acquisition of BizSpace

and asked management to develop and manage the accounting integration process.

Management devised an integration project with five main workstreams, namely: initial recognition

and purchase price allocation (“PPA”); trial balance mapping; accounting policy gap assessment

and alignment; internal control assessment; and reporting. The work performed included reviewing

specialist memos for the valuations and purchase price allocation, reviewing the value in use

calculation for goodwill, as well as assessing and challenging Managements’ impairment of the

goodwill balance. Management worked with the external auditors and with the BizSpace finance

team to progress the project. Management reported progress to the Committee at the end of

January and again in March 2022, which the Committee discussed and noted that no material

issues had been identified and the project was tracking to plan.

The above description of the significant matters should be read in conjunction with the Independent auditors’ report on pages 118

to 126 and the significant accounting policies disclosed in the notes to the financial statements.

83

Sirius Real Estate Limited Annual Report and Accounts 2022:

letter are the two principal sections of the report:

» the Directors’ Remuneration Policy (the “Remuneration

Policy”) – this sets out our forward-looking Remuneration

Policy for Directors; and

» the Annual report on remuneration – this provides details of

the amounts earned by the Directors in respect of the year

ended 31 March 2022.

Our Remuneration Policy is designed to support the creation of

long-term sustainable shareholder value and provide a clear,

consistent and cohesive approach to reward for a FTSE 250

company. The Committee believes that the Remuneration Policy

continues to support our strategy and, accordingly, remains

appropriate. We will continue to monitor the operation of the

Remuneration Policy with a current intention to undertake a fuller

review in advance of the 2024 AGM in line with the usual UK

timeline of reviewing the Remuneration Policy every three years.

However, in line with JSE Listings Requirements we will put the

Remuneration Policy to an advisory vote at the 2022 AGM.

This is my final Directors’ remuneration report as Chairman of

the Remuneration Committee as Joanne Kenrick takes on that

role with effect from the end of the 2022 AGM. It has been a

rewarding six years as Chair of the Committee during which

time the Company has grown significantly both in size and the

number of people working in the business. It has also been

a time of considerable change in corporate governance and

the approach to remuneration at Board level and the wider

workforce which I hope we have embraced. I shall continue

to be available to support Joanne as she takes up the reins.

I am sure she will be excellent.

Remuneration in the context of our

business performance and outcomes

for our key stakeholders

Our aim is always to consider the wider workforce, our

shareholders and other stakeholders by taking a fair and

balanced approach to remuneration.

This year was a transformative year for Sirius marked by

two key firsts which saw the Company access the corporate

bond market, successfully raising €700 million through two

oversubscribed issuances, and making a major corporate

acquisition with the strategic purchase of BizSpace, providing

geographic diversification and an established operating

platform in the UK.

The primary functions of the Committee are to:

» design and determine the remuneration and associated

benefits of the Executive Directors of the Company and

the senior management of the Group; and

» review workforce remuneration and related policies for

their alignment with the Group’s values and culture, and

take these into account when setting the policy for

Executive Director and senior management remuneration.

The Committee’s Terms of Reference are available at

www.sirius-real-estate.com.

“ Our Remuneration Policy is designed

to support the creation of long-term

sustainable shareholder value and

provide a clear, consistent and

cohesive approach to reward. Our

aim is always to consider the wider

workforce, our shareholders and

other stakeholders by taking a fair and

balanced approach to remuneration.”

James Peggie

Chairman of the Remuneration Committee

91

Sirius Real Estate Limited Annual Report and Accounts 2022:

letter on page 91.

DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION REPORT CONTINUED

110

Sirius Real Estate Limited Annual Report and Accounts 2022:

