Managing director of

Moorgarth Group

Mr FH Esterhuyse BAcc Hons, MCom(Tax),

CA(SA)

27 May 2014

52

Executive

2

Ms KL Nordier

BAcc, BAcc Hons, CA(SA)

27 May 2014

55

Executive

2

Mr DA Harrop

BA Hons, ACA

27 May 2014

Resigned 20 May 2021

52

Executive

1

Financial director of

Moorgarth Group

# The independence of directors is assessed on an annual basis and the board is confident that the independence of Mr Troskie has not been impaired by his length of

service.

The board is satisfied that it has effectively discharged its statutory duties and oversight role and wishes to report that:

it has and continues to maintain an approvals framework that allows it appropriate insight into and influence over significant business

transactions within the group;

the current compliance strategy followed is appropriate for the structure of the group and the board is not aware of any instances of

non-compliance to applicable laws and regulations; and

the IT infrastructure and strategy is appropriate for the structure of the group.

It is the board’s view that its performance and that of its members are directly correlated to the success of the group. The performance evaluation of

the board, its committees and all directors are reflected upon during the annual review of the group’s performance.

The board is satisfied that the company secretary has the correct qualifications and experience, and is competent for this role. The board can also

confirm the relationship between the company secretary and the board is at arms-length.

The board confirms that the company is in compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act of South Africa and has operated in conformity with

its Memorandum of Incorporation for the year ended 28 February 2022.

The board considers the material risks specific to the group to be the significant matters set out in the Audit committee report.

BUSINESS

OVERVIEW

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE:

letter of representation) from

the CSDP or broker to attend the AGM, or

provide their CSDP or broker with their voting

instructions, should they not be able to attend

the AGM via teleconference. This must be

done in terms of the custody agreement

entered into between the Shareholder and the

CSDP or broker concerned.

By order of the board

PIETER JOHAN JANSE VAN RENSBURG

SECRETARY

22 June 2022

Leinster Hall

Gardens

Cape Town

BUSINESS

OVERVIEW

NOTICE TO SHAREHOLDERS:

