Managing director: South Africa

Property experience:

14 years

Skills and expertise:

General management and real estate

Previous positions held:

Executive: asset management – Vukile, asset manager:

SA Corporate Real Estate

Current directorships:

SAPOA

Appointment date:

1 July 2019

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

102

Vukile Integrated annual report 2022

ESG review:

letter on page 113 of the IAR.

Property and investment committee

The committee comprises four independent non-executive

directors and two executive directors. As a collective, and

having regard to the size and circumstances of the company,

the committee is adequately skilled and resourced.

Members and meeting attendance

Member

Scheduled

meetings

SF Booysen (Chairman)

2/2

HM Serebro (former Chairman)

2/2

GS Moseneke

4/4

IU Mothibeli

4/4

PS Moyanga

2/2

H Ntene

4/4

LG Rapp

4/4

Key activities for FY2022

ʟ Oversight of property valuation process and recommendation

of interim and ﬁnal property values for approval by the board

ʟ Oversight of the annual individual property underwriting

process to determine key strategic actions per property

ʟ Evaluation and oversight of the property portfolio

performance during the year

ʟ Approval and oversight of key property disposals during

the year

ʟ Oversight of key capital projects during the year

Nominations committee

The committee comprises three independent non-executive

directors and is chaired by the Chairman of the board. As a

collective, and having regard to the size and circumstances of

the company, the committee is adequately skilled and

resourced.

Members and meeting attendance

Member

Scheduled

meetings

NG Payne (Chairman)

3/3

RD Mokate

3/3

SF Booysen

3/3

The committee’s primary activity for FY2022 was the board

refresh process and the sourcing of potential new additions to

the board.

106

Vukile Integrated annual report 2022

ESG review:

LETTER FROM CHAIRMAN: Dear stakeholders

I am pleased to present the report of Vukile’s social, ethics and human resources committee (the committee) for the year ended

31 March 2022. In line with its dual mandate, the committee reports on both remuneration and certain ESG matters, a detailed ESG

report is contained on pages 80 to 113 of the integrated annual report. The remuneration report is presented in three parts, namely the

background statement, the remuneration philosophy and policy and the implementation report. The monitoring of the remuneration

policy and the remuneration implementation report is the responsibility of the committee.

During FY22, the annual work plan of the committee comprised, inter alia, the following:

May 2021

ʟ Reviewed and approved salary increases for employees with effect from 1 July 2021.

ʟ Reviewed and approved the short-term incentive bonuses for the year ended March 2021.

ʟ Reviewed and approved annual allocations in terms of the Conditional Share Plan (CSP) for 2022.

ʟ Reviewed and approved the vesting of shares under the Conditional Share Plan (CSP) in May 2021 in respect of the performance

period.

ʟ Reviewed and recommended to the board for approval the performance measures – 2022 for executive directors.

ʟ Reviewed and recommended to the shareholders for approval the non-executive directors’ fees for 2022.

ʟ Reviewed the annual performance of the CEO and executive directors at 31 March 2021.

ʟ Approved the remuneration policy for non-binding vote at the AGM.

ʟ Reviewed the company’s social and ethics activities in line with the requirements of the Companies Act.

ʟ Reviewed progress of the company’s transformation activities.

November 2021

ʟ Considered shareholder feedback from the AGM and determined appropriate feedback.

ʟ Reviewed the company’s social and ethics activities in line with requirements of the Companies Act.

ʟ Considered the company’s progress in respect of the Vukile Academy.

ʟ Reviewed and approved the new CSP 2022 and TIP 2022.

March 2022

ʟ Reviewed and approved the bonus accrual for the year ended 31 March 2022.

ʟ Reviewed and approved the percentage salary increases for inclusion in the annual budget.

ʟ Reviewed the company’s social and ethics activities in line with the requirements of the Companies Act.

ʟ Reviewed and approved the allocations to employees under the TIP 2022.

SF Booysen

