Dear Stakeholders

As a Board, my fellow Directors

and I have the responsibility

to safeguard AECI’s success

and sustainability in the short-,

medium- and long-term for the

benefit of all stakeholders.

We execute this responsibility

by exercising independent

judgement and our duty of care.

We guide and approve strategy,

and support as well as challenge

management in the execution of

the strategy agreed with them.

KHOTSO MOKHELE

CHAIRMAN

2020 INTEGRATED REPORT AND SUMMARISED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

AECI LIMITED

22

FROM OUR CHAIRMAN:

Dear Stakeholders

At the start of 2020 none of us

could have imagined the changes

that COVID-19 would necessitate

in every aspect of our lives. We had

to adapt quickly and sometimes

radically, in line with plans put in

place by governments in countries

where we live and work.

It has meant new ways of interacting with

our families, maintaining social relationships

without putting ourselves and others at

risk, not being able to travel locally or

internationally as freely as we used to and

even reinventing our shopping patterns!

The same ﬂexibility in adapting effectively

to the “new normal” was necessary in our

working lives and our business.

I thank all of you for your support.

Without it, the impact of the pandemic

on AECI could have been far more

severe. I wish to make special mention

of the diligence and resilience of all

our employees across the world.

MARK DYTOR

CHIEF EXECUTIVE

26

2020 INTEGRATED REPORT AND SUMMARISED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

AECI LIMITED

FROM OUR CHIEF EXECUTIVE:

Dear Stakeholders

This report is intended to

provide a high level overview

of the financial performance of

our Group for the year ended

31 December 2020.

MARK KATHAN

CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

It should be read in conjunction with the full annual

financial statements for the year, available at

https://investor.aeciworld.com/s/

AECI2020fullafs.pdf

2020 will always be remembered as the year of

COVID-19 and the material effects it had on the

global financial environment. As AECI we did

not escape the consequences of this but we are

pleased with how we navigated the challenges

and maintained a strong financial position.

Both our Chairman and our Chief Executive

have commented on the pandemic as well

as our efforts to alleviate some of its worst

effects on our people internationally, our

business and our communities.

34

2020 INTEGRATED REPORT AND SUMMARISED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

AECI LIMITED

CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER’S

REPORT:

Managing Director and Chair at a number of AECI entities.

MARK KATHAN* (50)

CA(SA), AMP (Harvard)

Mark was appointed as AECI’s CFO in 2008. Prior to joining

AECI, he was Financial Director for South Africa and Africa

at Nampak and served on that company’s Group Executive

Committee. In addition to overall responsibility for the Finance

and Treasury functions, Mark oversees AECI’s Corporate

Communications and Investor Relations, Legal and Secretariat,

Internal Audit and IT functions as well as its Retirement Funds.

He also plays a leading role in M&A activities. He is Chairman of

AECI Schirm, AECI SANS Fibers and AECI Property Services.

* Executive Director

46

2020 INTEGRATED REPORT AND SUMMARISED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

AECI LIMITED

OUR

EXECUTIVE

COMMITTEE

AND GROUP

COMPANY SECRETARY:

Managing Director of Lake

International. Dean joined the then AECI Chemicals Executive in

2013 and the AECI Executive Committee in 2018.

WYNAND STRYDOM (48)

BCom, LLB, LLM (Tax), HDip (International Tax), Global Executive

Development Programme (GIBS)

Wynand is AECI’s Head of Legal and was appointed Acting Group

Company Secretary on 1 January 2021. He was a consultant to

AECI and subsequently joined the Group as Legal Advisor in

2006. He is a corporate and commercial lawyer with more than

20 years’ experience across related disciplines. He also serves

as Trustee of the Company’s Retirement Funds.

CANDICE WATSON (39)

BA (Hons), MBA, Dip. General Management

Candice joined AECI as Group Executive: Human Capital in

January 2020. She has functional and leadership skills across

industries that include FMCG, logistics, financial services and

IT. Before joining the Group, Candice was Human Resources

Director at British American Tobacco Southern Africa. There

she led the people agenda through execution of talent strategy

and organisational effectiveness initiatives to support business

performance and the leadership succession pipeline. She was

responsible for repositioning the organisation as an employer

of choice.

DEAN MULQUEENY (54)

NHD Analytical Chemistry, Global Executive Development Programme

(GIBS)

Dean is Group Executive: Water. He joined Chemserve as a

Sales Representative in 1990 and held several sales positions

before going on to serve as: Managing Director of three Group

businesses from 2004. He left AECI in 2011, returning in 2015

as a member of the then AECI Chemicals Executive. He was

appointed to the AECI Executive Committee in 2018. Dean is

also

Dear Stakeholders

Our remuneration is designed to support our strategic goals and purpose and is aligned to equitable market-related

pay practices. How we reward our people has a direct impact on operational excellence, our performance, delivery of

strategic objectives, transformation, and our sustainability in “a better world”.

Even as the worldwide community continues to struggle with the ongoing effects of the global COVID-19 pandemic and we look back on the

challenges this added on behalf of the Remuneration Committee (the Committee) I take this opportunity to acknowledge the incredible

hard work and dedication which AECI employees, Executive management and the Board demonstrated in these unprecedented times.

Notwithstanding the very real and urgent need to ensure that operations continued in an efficient manner while applying strict cash

flow management protocols, AECI’s Executives maintained focus on enhancing the delivery of shareholder value and safeguarding

sound business practices.

The Committee embraced and made full use of the “new normal” of virtual meetings. We met four times in 2020, with full attendance on

each occasion, and tackled new questions relating to the impact of pandemic on incentives and ongoing matters relating to shareholders,

performance and transformation of the Group. Details of meetings and attendance are at https://static1.squarespace.com/static/

5ef9c6ed308afe044f73cd35/t/6076e6ec27df9d437e3a3eda/1618405100890/AECIBoardandCommittees2020.pdf.

I was privileged to engage with key institutional shareholders and management likewise tabled matters which shareholders had raised in 2019

on our Remuneration Policy (the Policy). We will review all feedback in light of the broader Group strategic vision for 2025 and associated

deliverables, and will provide specific feedback during 2021. Shareholder voting at the AGM held on 26 May 2020 reflected the improved

year-on-year view these very important stakeholders held of our Policy and implementation thereof. I thank them for their support.

VOTING ON REMUNERATION RESOLUTIONS AT THE AGM

Percentage vote (%)

For

Against

Abstain *

2020

Ordinary resolution No. 7.1: Remuneration Policy

98,09

1,91

9,02

Ordinary resolution No. 7.2: Implementation of Remuneration Policy

99,54

0,46

9,02

Special resolution No 1: Directors’ fees and remuneration

97,70

2,93

0,01

2019

Ordinary resolution No. 7.1: Remuneration Policy

97,66

2,34

0,01

Ordinary resolution No. 7.2: Implementation of Remuneration Policy

98,91

1,09

0,01

Ordinary resolution No. 8: Amendment of Company’s LTI Plan

99,10

0,90

0,01

Special resolution No. 1: Directors’ fees and remuneration

99,24

0.76

0,01

* Shares abstained as a percentage of the total issued share capital.

In 2019 we welcomed Philiswe Sibiya to the Committee. Owing to her commitments as Chair of the Audit Committee, however,

her portfolio was amended mid-2020 and new Non-executive Director Marna Roets joined our ranks in July 2020. I thank Philiswe

for her insights and contribution during her tenure. We welcome Marna and look forward to her bringing her vast experience to bear

on the working of the Committee.

As we look ahead to the challenges and opportunities for 2021, the realities of current and future COVID-19 waves remain and they

continue to affect our people and our business. The Committee remains appreciative of the commitment of management and all our

employees to achieving the Company’s goals in circumstances that remain difficult.

We are satisfied that we continue to fulfill our mandate in accordance with the Board Charter and will sustain our efforts to ensure

the Group’s strategy and objectives are reflected in the way we remunerate our people.

Godfrey Gomwe

Chairman

22 April 2021

59

2020 INTEGRATED REPORT AND SUMMARISED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

AECI LIMITED

REMUNERATION REPORT:

Dear Stakeholders

This report is provided by the Audit Committee (the Committee) appointed in respect of the 2020 financial year of AECI

Ltd. This report incorporates the requirements of the Companies Act No. 71 of 2008 (Companies Act), the JSE Ltd

(JSE) Listings Requirements and Debt Listings Requirements (Listings Requirements), and the principles of the King IV

Report of Corporate Governance for South African (King IV). The Committee’s operation is guided by detailed terms of

reference that are informed by the Companies Act and King IV Code in South Africa and were approved by the Board.

MEMBERSHIP

The Committee was nominated by the Board in respect of

the 2020 financial year and its members were confirmed by

shareholders at the AGM held on 26 May 2020. Shareholders

will be requested to confirm the appointment of the members

of the Committee presenting themselves for re-election for the

2021 financial year at the AGM scheduled for 25 May 2021.

The Committee comprises solely Independent Non-executive

Directors. Abridged biographies of these Directors are published

on pages 44 and 45.

Members in the period were:

› PG Sibiya (Chair)

› FFT De Buck

› G Gomwe

› AJ Morgan

› AM Roets

The Chief Executive, the Chief Financial Officer (CFO), the

Group Financial Manager, the External Auditor and the Head

of Internal Audit attend by invitation, as does the Group Tax

Manager and the PwC Internal Audit Engagement Partner,

as required.

Five meetings were held in the year. Dates and attendance

are available at https://static1.squarespace.com/static/

5ef9c6ed308afe044f73cd35/t/6076e6ec27df9d437e3a3e

da/1618405100890/AECIBoardandCommittees2020.pdf.

Allen Morgan served on the Committee from 2010. He resigned

from the Board at the AGM held on 26 May 2020. The Committee

thanks him for his service and guidance during his tenure.

Marna Roets was appointed on 1 June 2020.

PURPOSE

The purpose of the Committee is to:

› assist the Board in overseeing the quality and integrity

of the Company’s integrated reporting process, specifically

as it relates to the financial statements and announcements

in respect of the financial results, thereby enhancing the

credibility of financial reporting and providing a channel for

communication between the Board, the External and Internal

Auditors, management and stakeholders

› ensure that an effective financial control environment in the

AECI Group is maintained by supporting the Board in the

discharge of its duties relating to the safeguarding of assets,

the operation of adequate systems and controls, the integrity of

financial statements and reporting and related risk management

› provide the Company’s CFO, the External Auditor and

the Head of Internal Audit with unrestricted access to

the Committee and its Chair, as required, in relation to

any matter falling within the remit of the Committee

› meet with the External Auditor, the Head of Internal Audit,

Senior Managers, Executives and Executive Directors

as the Committee may elect

› assess the performance of the CFO and the Head

of Internal Audit

› review and recommend to the Company’s Board, for approval,

the Company’s unaudited interim financial statements for the

half-year to 30 June

› review and recommend to the Company’s Board, for approval,

the Company’s audited financial statements for the financial

year to 31 December

› oversee the activities of, and ensure coordination between,

the activities of the Internal and External Auditors

› perform duties that are assigned to it by the Companies Act

and King IV

› receive and deal with any complaints concerning accounting

practices, the Internal Audit function or the content and audit

of financial statements or related matters

› conduct annual reviews of the Committee’s work and terms of

reference and make recommendations to the Board to ensure

that the Committee operates at maximum effectiveness

› assess the performance and effectiveness of the Committee

and its members on a regular basis.

In addition, the Chair of the Committee meets regularly with

the Head of Internal Audit without the External Auditor, other

Executive Board members or the Company’s CFO being present.

74

2020 INTEGRATED REPORT AND SUMMARISED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

AECI LIMITED

AUDIT COMMITTEE’S

REPORT TO STAKEHOLDERS:

letter, the audit plan

and the budgeted audit fees payable to the External Auditor

› reviewed the audit, evaluated the effectiveness of the auditor

and its independence and evaluated the External Auditor’s

internal quality control procedures. This included a review

of the following:

» information related to the outcome of external inspections

conducted by the Independent Regulatory Board for

Auditors (IRBA)

» the internal monitoring processes followed by Deloitte

» context in terms of the areas of improvement raised

» the impact on the ability of the system of quality control

to meet its objectives and the External Auditor’s ability

as an audit firm to meet its obligations in terms of the

Listings Requirements

› obtained an annual written statement from the External Auditor

that its independence was not impaired

› obtained assurance that no member of the external audit team

was hired by the Company or its subsidiaries during the year

› applied a policy setting out the categories of non-audit services

that the External Auditor may or may not provide, split between

permitted, permissible and prohibited services

› considered whether any non-audit services had been undertaken

by Deloitte, which specifically required Committee approval per

the policy, and determined that there were none

› considered whether any Reportable Irregularities were

identified and reported by the External Auditor in terms of the

Auditing Profession Act, No. 26 of 2005, and concluded that

there were none

The Committee is satisfied with the quality of the external audit

in relation to the audit quality indicators.

In respect of the financial statements, the Committee, among

other matters:

› confirmed the going concern as the basis of preparation

of the interim and annual financial statements

› reviewed compliance with the financial conditions of loan

covenants and determined that the capital of the Company

was adequate

› examined and reviewed the interim and annual financial

statements, as well as all financial information disclosed to

stakeholders, prior to submission to and approval by the Board

› ensured that the financial statements fairly presented the

financial position of the Company and of the Group as at the

end of the financial year, changes in equity, and the results of

operations and cash flows for the financial year and considered

the basis on which the Company and the Group were

determined to be going concerns

› considered accounting treatments, significant unusual transactions

and accounting judgements

› considered the appropriateness of the Accounting Policies and

adopted any changes thereto

› obtained assurances from management that adequate accounting

records were being maintained by the Company and its subsidiaries

› ensured that the Company has established appropriate

financial reporting procedures and that those procedures

are operating effectively

› considered all entities included in the consolidated Group IFRS

financial statements, and ensured that it has access to all the

financial information, to allow the Company to prepare and

report on the financial statements of the Group effectively

› reviewed the External Auditor’s audit report

› reviewed the representation: letter relating to the Group

financial statements, which was signed by management

› considered any problems identified and reviewed any significant

legal and tax matters that could have a material impact on the

financial statements

› met separately with management, the External Auditor

and the Head of Internal Audit

In respect of internal control and Internal Audit, including ad

hoc investigations, the Committee among other matters:

› reviewed and approved the Internal Audit charter and annual

audit plan and evaluated the independence, effectiveness and

performance of the Internal Audit function and compliance

with its charter

› considered the reports of the Internal and External Auditors

on the Group’s systems of internal control including financial

controls, business risk management and the maintenance of

effective internal control systems

› received assurance that proper and adequate accounting

records were maintained and that the systems safeguarded

the assets against unauthorised use or disposal thereof

75

2020 INTEGRATED REPORT AND SUMMARISED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

AECI LIMITED

AUDIT COMMITTEE’S REPORT TO STAKEHOLDERS

Dear Stakeholders

This report is provided by the Social and Ethics Committee (the Committee) appointed in respect of the 2020 financial

year of AECI Ltd. This report incorporates the requirements of section 43 of the Regulations of the Companies Act.

MEMBERSHIP

Four meetings were held in the year and details on dates and

attendance are available at https://static1.squarespace.com/

static/5ef9c6ed308afe044f73cd35/t/6076e6ec27df9d437e3a

3eda/1618405100890/AECIBoardandCommittees2020.pdf.

The members in the year were:

› FFT De Buck (Chairman from 1 June 2020)

› R Ramashia (Chairman until 1 June 2020)

› MA Dytor

› NA Franklin

› CBH Watson

› AJ Morgan (resigned on 26 May 2020)

› J Molapo (resigned on 24 November 2020)

I joined the Committee on 1 January 2020 and succeeded Adv

Ramashia as Chair on 1 June 2020, when he assumed chairmanship

of the Risk Committee. Adv Ramashia continues to serve as a

valuable member. Mr Molapo had been appointed to our ranks in

November 2019 and served on the Committee until his resignation

from the AECI Board on 24 November 2020. On 1 January 2020

we welcomed a new member Ms Watson, AECI Group Executive,

Human Capital. We also said farewell to Mr Morgan after six years

and wish him well in his retirement. Adv Ramashia has served on the

Committee since 2010, Mr Dytor since 2013 and Mr Franklin since

2017. I would like to thank all members, both current and former,

for their valued contributions to the work of this Committee.

Mr Kathan, Chief Financial Officer, attends meetings by invitation

as do representatives from the Group Compliance function and

the External Auditor.

OBJECTIVES

The Board of Directors has conferred upon the members of the

Committee the following powers:

STATUTORY DUTIES

› To consider, recommend and monitor AECI’s activities with

regard to the following and report accordingly to the Board:

» good corporate citizenship, specifically in relation to (i) the

promotion of equality, (ii) the prevention of unfair discrimination

and the reduction of corruption, and (iii) AECI’s record of

sponsorship, donations and charitable giving

» labour and employment matters: specifically in relation to

AECI’s standing on (i) the International Labour Organization’s

protocol on decent work and working conditions, and (ii)

employee relations and contributions to the educational

development of employees

» safety, health and the environment: specifically in relation

to the impact of the AECI Group’s activities and those of its

products and services

» social and economic development of defined communities:

specifically, in relation to (i) the 10 principles set out in the

United Nations Global Compact, (ii) the Organisation for

Economic Co-operation and Development’s recommendations

regarding corruption, (iii) the South African Employment

Equity Act, No. 55 of 1998, (Employment Equity Act),

and (iv) the South African Broad-based Black Economic

Empowerment Act, No. 53 of 2003

» consumer relations: specifically, in relation to advertising,

public relations and compliance with consumer protection laws

› To monitor and advance the implementation of policies and

plans approved by the Board on matters as contemplated above

NON-STATUTORY DUTIES

The Committee is further mandated as follows:

› to monitor to the best of its ability that AECI and its operating

business entities adhere to the approved Code of Ethics

and Business Conduct Policy and Guidelines, including the

Conflicts of Interest Supplement

› to provide guidance and advice on sustainability trends and issues

relevant to the AECI Group as well as review and approve the

Group’s Sustainability Policy from time to time. The Committee

will be informed of the sustainability risks as recorded in the

AECI Group risk register and provide related input to the Risk

Committee, as appropriate. Further, the Committee will review

Safety, Health and Environmental Incident reports

› to monitor to the best of its ability that AECI and its operating

businesses have properly identified stakeholders, and understand

their issues, and ensure that all stakeholders are treated in an

equitable and fair manner. Details of our engagements with key

stakeholders across all six capitals are presented on page 12

78

2020 INTEGRATED REPORT AND SUMMARISED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

AECI LIMITED

SOCIAL AND ETHICS

COMMITTEE’S REPORT

TO STAKEHOLDERS:

