letter of R74,3 million from SARS received in

2019 can be found in note 16 of the annual financial statements. I am pleased

to report that engagement with SARS has resulted in their acknowledgement

that the claim will be written off.

Afrimat remains a viable going concern

Management performed an assessment of the Group’s ability to remain a

going concern and is satisfied that Afrimat will continue to be operational in

the coming financial year.

Conclusion

To be responsible for the financial health of Afrimat does not solely rest on my

shoulders – it is a group-wide commitment to deliver as much value as

possible for shareholders and other stakeholders whilst still ensuring that our

human capital is well provided for with market-related salaries and benefits.

The results we have reported for 2020 make my role all that much easier.

What lies ahead for South Africa and the rest of the world in light of the

Covid-19 pandemic will make the year a lot more difficult than any we have

faced in the past. However, in my opinion, operational management is able to

look through these challenges and come up with viable alternatives, in

addition to opening up new markets, no matter how tight markets seem to

be. As we brace for poor economic growth and uncertainty pertaining to

Covid-19, I can assure you that Afrimat will continue to be as prudent, if not

more, with cash preservation. We suspect that potential acquisition

opportunities will present themselves and here, once again, we will evaluate

each of these and ensure that returns are in excess of what we pay.

Pieter de Wit

19 June 2020

16

Afrimat integrated annual report 2020

OUR BUSINESS:

letter allows the Board Chairman to be a member of the Audit & Risk Committee. In line with this and to address the shortage of independent non-executive directors, the Chairman of the Board is a member of the Audit & Risk Committee. The non-executive

directors have demonstrated the ability to act independently, considered the composition of the committee and decided to approve the membership as noted. Based on the above, the Board has considered and decided to approve the membership as noted.

The Board of directors is assisted by a competent, suitably qualified and experienced Company Secretary. During the year Mariëtte Swart resigned as Company Secretary of Afrimat, effective 19 February 2020, due to her increased involvement

in new business development within the Afrimat Group. Catharine Burger, a chartered accountant, was appointed by the Board in her stead with effect from 20 February 2020. The Board, through the Remuneration & Nominations Committee

considered the competence, qualifications and experience of the Company Secretary and concluded that she is competent to carry out her duties.

The Company Secretary is not a director of Afrimat, reports to the Chairman of the Board and is accountable to the Board as a whole and accordingly maintains an arm’s length relationship with the Board of directors.

Company

Secretary

GOVERNING STRUCTURES

32

Afrimat integrated annual report 2020:

Letter from the Chairmen of the

Remuneration & Nominations Committee: Dear shareholders

On behalf of the Committees’, we present the 2020 remuneration report.

This report highlights Afrimat’s remuneration philosophy and policy and

illustrates how the policy has been implemented, disclosing payments

made to non-executive and executive directors during the year.

In line with the King IV™ Code on Corporate Governance and our

commitment to fair and responsible remuneration, our policies are

reviewed annually to ensure that Group remuneration and recruitment

is aligned with the overall business strategy, with the aim of enabling

Afrimat to attract and retain personnel who will create long-term value

for all stakeholders.

The Company is committed to shareholder engagement on its

remuneration policy and its consistent implementation on an annual

basis.

Ultimately we will continue to improve policies and practices to be

aligned with remuneration developments in local and global best

practices but also more importantly aligned with Afrimat’s strategy and

values.

The Company will put the remuneration policy and implementation

report (refer to

pages 52 and 56 of this report) both as non-binding

advisory votes. In the event that 25% or more of the shareholders vote

against either or both the remuneration policy and implementation

report, Afrimat will engage with shareholders in accordance with the

format and requirements of the JSE Listings Requirements.

Committee considerations and decisions

Introduction

The Remuneration & Nominations Committee is an independent and

objective body, which monitors and strengthens the credibility of the Group’s

executive remuneration system. It ensures that executive remuneration is

linked, in part, to individual performance, the Group’s performance and

market conditions and benchmarks. The Committee considers and makes

recommendations to the Board on remuneration packages and policies in

this regard. It is therefore authorised by the Board to seek any information

required from any employee and may further obtain external legal and/or

other independent professional advice if deemed necessary, at the expense

of the Group. The requirement for external advisors is assessed annually in

the context of issues at hand and the recommendations by these advisors

are only used as a guide, and do not serve as a substitute to the Board’s

thorough consideration of the relevant matters. In order to be aligned with

current remuneration trends, and in consultation with independent

consultations, Afrimat extended its retention strategy with the introduction of

a Forfeitable Share Plan in FY2019.

The manner in which the Committee is structured and its responsibility

demonstrates to all stakeholders that the remuneration of executives is set

by independent, objective persons who have no personal interest in the

outcome of their decisions and who will give due regard to the interests of all

stakeholders and to the financial and commercial health of the Group in

reaching their recommendations.

Prescribed officers are defined as those who exercise general executive

control over and manage the whole or significant portion of the business and

activities of the Group, or who regularly participate to a material degree in

such exercise of general executive control and management. The executive

directors are deemed the prescribed officers of the Company. Their

remuneration is disclosed in the integrated annual report on

page 57.

Voting at the AGM held on 31 July 2019

The Committee is further responsible for devising a general remuneration

policy for the Group, which is tabled annually at the AGM for a non-binding

advisory vote by shareholders. Shareholders thereby express their view on

the Company’s remuneration policy and its implementation. As a vote of

confidence, the shareholders at the 2019 AGM passed the non-binding

advisory note.

The remuneration policy, its implementation and directors’ fees for FY2020

were approved by shareholders at the AGM held on 31 July 2019 as follows:

Advisory vote

2019

2018

Remuneration policy

92,4%

87,7%

Implementation Report

94,6%

97,7%

Special Resolution 2

Future non-executive directors’

remuneration

99,6%

96,7%

The CEO and CFO attend Remuneration & Nominations Committee meetings

by invitation to assist with deliberations, except with discussions on their

own remuneration.

Independent external advisors

The Committee contracted the services of Deloitte Touché Tohmatsu

Limited during the latter part of 2019 for independent external advice. The

Committee continues to use PE Corporate Services SA Proprietary Limited

(‘PE Corporate Services’) for remuneration benchmarking purposes.

Furthermore, the Committee is satisfied with their independence and

objectivity.

Remuneration policy and framework

The Group pays market-related salaries relevant to an individual’s position

and the region/area in which he/she will be employed, taking into account

his/her qualifications, experience and performance. The administration of the

Group’s retirement and provident funds is outsourced to ACA Employment

Benefits Proprietary Limited, which advises on market trends in retirement

benefits.

Focus areas for FY2021

¡ Employee literacy, skills and experience remains critical for

us and we will continue to enhance our communication and

focus on fair pay principles across the Group; and

¡ Continued shareholder engagement to ensure a balanced and

healthy relationship.

52

Afrimat integrated annual report 2020

GOVERNING OVERVIEW

letter to participants annually.

The achievement of the performance conditions for the SAR vesting during the year is as follows:

Performance measure

Targets

Target year three

HEPS growth of cumulative CPI for the three-year performance period + 6% from base year

Target year four

HEPS growth of cumulative CPI for the four-year performance period + 8% from base year

Target year five

HEPS growth of cumulative CPI for the five-year performance period + 10% from base year

Forfeitable share plan (‘FSP’)

A FSP is in place as a long-term incentive for selected employees to

encourage delivery of the Group’s business strategy and to serve as a

retention mechanism.

Forfeitable shares are awarded annually to executive directors, senior

executives and senior managers based on achieving individual performance

objectives for the year under review. The performance objectives relate to

specific KPIs identified per individual and their respective overall performance

thereon. The FSP currently has seven participants. A forfeitable share award

vests after a period of three years. Forfeitable share awards will be forfeited

if the participant leaves employment during the restricted period (except if

the participant is a ‘good leaver’ under the scheme rules). Participants

become beneficial owners of the forfeitable shares on the date of the award.

Beneficial ownership affords the employee full shareholder voting rights and

full rights to any dividends declared.

The shares are held by a Central Depository Participant (‘CSDP’) on behalf of

the employee during the time of the vesting period and the employee will not

be able to dispose of the shares before the vesting date.

The FSP provides for the delivery of full shares (performance and/or restricted

shares) on grant. The shares are subject to forfeiture and disposal restrictions

and are held on behalf of a participant until it vests. A participant will have all

other shareholder rights (i.e. dividends and voting rights) from grant. Overall

levels of FSPs granted are reviewed annually in accordance with market best

practice. The number of FSPs granted to participants is based on the

participant’s TCOE, grade, performance, retention requirements and market

benchmarks. Every qualifying position will be capped in terms of the

maximum total FSPs. The vesting period of the FSP is three years. For early

termination of employment (based on resignation, dismissal) all unvested

FSPs will lapse, but for good leavers (disability, death, retrenchment, etc.)

unvested FSPs will vest pro rata based on time employed.

Refer to limits set in aggregate with the SAR plan as presented above.

Short-term variable incentives

The short-term incentive bonus scheme (‘STIBS’) is discretionary and is

linked to the achievement of targets led by the short-term performance target

of headline PBIT. Bonuses are paid proportional to TCOE relative to

achievement of financial and operational targets.

Bonuses are created after the achievement of predefined targets aligned to

the Group’s strategic plan. Bonuses are increased in value as threshold,

target or stretch targets are attained. Bonuses are capped at the following

percentages of TCOE:

Grades (Typical

Paterson Brand)

Category

Bonus cap

Performance

rating

F U

Group CEO

On-target 77%

100%

Stretch 23%

95%

F L

Group Executive

directors

On-target 47%

100%

Stretch 33%

100%

All bonuses paid are subject to approval by the Board on recommendation of

the Remuneration & Nominations Committee.

STIBS is based on performance of FY2020.

Pledged securities

In compliance with 3.64(h) the following is being disclosed to shareholders.

A number of 4,1 million Afrimat ordinary shares held by directors were

pledged as a guarantee for a medium-term loan of R3,5 million. The loan will

be settled during the FY2021 year.

HEPS performance – SARs

0

0,5

1,0

1,5

2,0

2,5

3,0

3,5

4,0

Target

HEPS

Actual

HEPS

3,477

2,351

HEPS

Vesting of grant 12 SAR allocation

The performance conditions for the Grant 12 SAR allocation vesting on

21 May 2020 were tested to determine if vesting had been achieved.

The performance condition for SARs is HEPS growth of cumulative CPI plus

6% over the three-year performance period. The graph shows the target

HEPS, which is required for the full vesting of the May 2017 SAR, against

actual HEPS. Actual HEPS achieved was 347,7 cps, 47,8% above the target

HEPS of 235,1 cps. Based on the outcome, the May 2017 allocations have

vested and were exercisable as from 22 May 2020, subsequent to approval

by the Remuneration & Nominations Committee.

55

Afrimat integrated annual report 2020:

Managing Director and CEO of the

highly successful Victoria & Alfred Waterfront Proprietary Limited, in Cape

Town when he left to start his own company, DVDM Properties Proprietary

Limited (that also operated in the People Spaces group until 2014) both

offering international property development management and consulting

services. Prior to that, he was an executive director within various companies

in the Stocks & Stocks construction group of companies. Derick is also a

non-executive director of PNA Stationers Proprietary Limited and served as

non-executive on a few other boards and trusts. Derick was appointed to

Afrimat’s Board in August 2014. Derick was appointed as Chairman of the

Audit & Risk Committee in May 2019.

Ordinary resolution 7: Election of director

‘Resolved that Mr Collin Ramukhubathi be elected as a director of the

Company.’

A brief curriculum vitae in respect of Mr Collin Ramukhubathi is set out

below:

BTech (Mechanical Engineering) and MBA

Collin started as a Quarry Manager and worked his way up into various

leadership roles including his current role as Executive Head: HR and

Sustainability. Prior to this he held leadership roles with Portland Quarry,

Afrisam and Basil Read and has 24 years’ experience in the industry.

Ordinary resolution 8: Re-election of Audit & Risk Committee

members

‘Resolved that the following directors be re-elected as members of the Audit

& Risk Committee of the Company:

8.1

Mr Loyiso Dotwana (non-executive director);

8.2

Mr Helmut N Pool (independent non-executive director);

8.3

Mr Jacobus F van der Merwe (independent non-executive director);

8.4

Mr Hendrik JE van Wyk (independent non-executive director); and

8.5

Mr Marthinus W von Wielligh (independent non-executive director and

Chairman of the Board).’

Ordinary resolution 9: Reappointment of auditor

‘Resolved that the directors be and are hereby authorised to appoint the

auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers and Frans Weilbach as the individual

registered auditor, for the ensuing financial year and are authorised to fix the

remuneration of the auditor.’

Ordinary resolution 10: Remuneration policy

‘Resolved that the Company’s remuneration policy be approved as a non-

binding advisory vote.’

As this is not a matter that is required to be resolved or approved by

shareholders, no minimum voting threshold is required. Nevertheless, for

record purposes, the minimum percentage of voting rights that is required for

this resolution to be adopted as a non-binding advisory vote is 50% (fifty

percent) of the voting rights plus 1 (one) vote to be cast on the resolution.

(See Remuneration Policy on the Company’s

website www.afrimat.co.za.)

Ordinary resolution 11: Approval of the implementation report in

terms of King IV™

‘Resolved that the Company’s implementation report (refer

pages 56 and

57) in terms of King IV™ be approved as a non-binding advisory vote.

Ordinary resolution 12: Signature of documentation

‘Resolved that a director of the Company or the Company Secretary be and

is hereby authorised to sign all such documentation and do all such things as

may be necessary for or incidental to the implementation of ordinary

resolutions numbers 1 to 11 and special resolutions numbers 1 to 5 which

are passed by the shareholders.’

Electronic participation arrangements

The Company’s Memorandum of Incorporation authorises the conduct of

shareholders’ meetings entirely by electronic communication as does section

63(2)(a) of the Companies Act. In light of the measures put in place by the

South African Government in response to the Covid-19 pandemic, the Board

has decided that the AGM will only be accessible through a remote interactive

electronic platform as detailed below.

Shareholders or their duly appointed proxies who wish to participate in the

AGM are required to complete the Electronic Participation Application Form

available immediately after the proxy form on

page 133 and to email same

to the Company’s Transfer Secretaries at proxy@computershare.co.za and to

Afrimat at secretary@afrimat.co.za as soon as possible, but in any event by

no later than 14:00 on Monday, 27 July 2020.

Shareholders or their duly appointed proxies are required to provide

satisfactory identification before being entitled to participate in the AGM.

Upon receiving a completed Electronic Participation Application Form, the

Company’s Transfer Secretaries will follow a verification process to verify

each applicant’s entitlement to participate in and/or vote at the AGM. Refer

to

page 133 for details on documents required to be attached to the

Electronic Participation Application Form. The Company’s Transfer

Secretaries will provide the Company with the nominated email address of

each verified shareholder or their duly appointed proxy to enable the

Company to forward them a Zoom meeting invitation required to access the

AGM.

Fully verified shareholders or their duly appointed proxies who have applied

to participate electronically in the AGM are requested by no later than 13:55

on Wednesday, 29 July 2020 to join the lobby of the meeting by clicking on

the “Join Zoom Meeting” link to be provided by Afrimat’s Company Secretary

or by the secretarial office, whose admission to the meeting will be controlled

by the company secretary/secretarial office.

Participants will be liable for their own network charges in relation to

electronic participation in and/or voting at the AGM. Any such charges

will not be for the account of the Company’s Transfer Secretaries or

Afrimat who will also not be held accountable in the case of loss of

network connectivity or other network failure due to insufficient airtime,

internet connectivity, internet bandwidth and/or power outages which

prevent any such shareholder or their proxy from participating in and/or

voting at the AGM.

Voting and proxies

A shareholder of the Company entitled to attend and vote at the general

meeting is entitled to appoint one or more proxies (who need not be a

shareholder of the Company) to attend, vote and speak in his/her stead. On

a poll, every shareholder of the Company present in person or represented

by proxy shall have one vote for every share held in the Company by such

shareholder.

Dematerialised shareholders who have elected own-name registration in the

sub-register through a Central Securities Depository Participant (‘CSDP’)

and who are unable to attend but wish to vote at the AGM, should complete

and return the attached ‘form of proxy’ and lodge it with the transfer

secretaries of the Company.

128

Afrimat integrated annual report 2020

SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION:

letter of representation will need to be submitted together with the

completed Electronic Participation Application Form to the Company’s Transfer Secretaries and to Afrimat in

the manner and within the timeframe described above under the section titled ‘Electronic Participation

Arrangements’.

3.

Each member is entitled to appoint one or more proxies (who need not be a member(s) of the Company) to

attend, speak and, on a poll, vote in place of that member at the AGM.

4.

A member may insert the name of a proxy or the names of two alternative proxies of the member’s choice in

the space provided, with or without deleting ‘the Chairman of the AGM’. The person whose name stands first

on the ‘form of proxy’ and who is present at the AGM will be entitled to act as proxy to the exclusion of those

whose names follow.

5.

A member’s instructions to the proxy must be indicated by the insertion of the relevant number of votes

exercisable by that member in the appropriate box(es) provided. Failure to comply with the above will be

deemed to authorise the Chairman of the AGM, if the Chairman is the authorised proxy, to vote in favour of the

ordinary resolutions at the AGM, or any other proxy to vote or to abstain from voting at the AGM as he/she

deems fit, in respect of all the member’s votes exercisable thereat.

6.

A member or his/her proxy is not obliged to vote in respect of all the ordinary shares held by such member or

represented by such proxy, but the total number of votes for or against the ordinary resolutions and in respect

of which any abstention is recorded may not exceed the total number of votes to which the member or his/her

proxy is entitled.

7.

Documentary evidence establishing the authority of a person signing this ‘form of proxy’ in a representative

capacity must be attached to this ‘form of proxy’, unless previously recorded by the Company’s transfer office

or waived by the Chairman of the AGM.

8.

The Chairman of the AGM may reject or accept any ‘form of proxy’ which is completed and/or received other

than in accordance with these instructions, provided that he is satisfied as to the manner in which a member

wishes to vote.

9.

Any alterations or corrections to this ‘form of proxy’ must be initialled by the signatory(ies).

10.

The completion and lodging of this ‘form of proxy’ will not preclude the relevant member from attending the

AGM and speaking and voting in person thereat to the exclusion of any proxy appointed in terms hereof, should

such member wish to do so.

11.

A minor must be assisted by his/her parent/guardian unless the relevant documents establishing his/her legal

capacity are produced or have been registered by the Company’s transfer secretaries.

12.

Where there are joint holders of any shares, only that holder whose name appears first in the register in respect

of such shares need sign this ‘form of proxy’.

13.

Forms of proxy must be lodged with the transfer secretaries at the address given below by no later than 48

hours prior to the meeting:

Computershare Investor Services Proprietary Limited

Rosebank Towers

15 Biermann Avenue

Rosebank

2196

(Private Bag X9000, Saxonwold, 2132)

Email: proxy@computershare.co.za

Telephone: +27 11 370 5000

Facsimile: +27 11 688 5200

However, any ‘forms of proxy’ not submitted by this time can still be lodged by email to proxy@computershare.co.za

before the meeting is due to commence.

132

Afrimat integrated annual report 2020

SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION:

Managing Director

‘MQA’

Mining Qualification Authority

‘NEMA’

National Environmental Management Act, 1998

‘NOSA’

National Occupational Safety Association (South Africa)

‘previous/prior

year’ or ‘FY2019’

Year ended 28 February 2019

‘SABS’

South African Bureau of Standards

‘SAR’

Share Appreciation Right

‘SARS’

South African Revenue Service

‘SARMA’

South African Readymix Association

‘SENS’

Securities Exchange News Service, the regulatory information dissemination platform for the JSE

‘SHE’

Safety, Health and Environment

‘SHEQ’

Safety, Health, Environment and Quality

‘year’ or ‘year

under review’

or ‘FY2020’

Year ended 29 February 2020

Financial definitions

‘CAGR’

Compound annual growth rate

‘FY’

Financial year ending February

‘IFRS’

International Financial Reporting Standards

‘HEPS’

Headline earnings per share

‘NAV’

Net asset value

‘PAT’

Profit after tax

‘PBIT’

Profit before interest and tax

‘ROE’

Return on equity

‘ROI’

Return on investment

‘RONA’

Return on net operating assets

135

Afrimat integrated annual report 2020:

