letter

148 Remuneration – overview of policy

160 Remuneration implementation report

181 Forward-looking statements

182 Administration and corporate

information

T O B E T H E

LEADING

MINING COMPANY

VISION

MISSION

To create value for our shareholders,

our employees and our business, and

social partners through safely and

responsibly exploring, mining and

marketing our products.

VALUES

Safety is our

first value.

We treat each

other with dignity

and respect.

We are accountable

for our actions and

undertake to deliver on our

commitments.

We want the communities

and societies in which we

operate to be better off for

AngloGold Ashanti having

been there.

We value

diversity.

We respect

the environment.

ANGLOGOLD ASHANTI’S 2020 SUITE OF REPORTS

Throughout this report, the icons below are hyperlinked to the relevant report

<IR>

Integrated Report

<SR>

Sustainability Report

<NOM>

Notice of Annual General Meeting and Summarised

Financial Information (Notice of Meeting)

<R&R>

Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve Report

<AFS>

Annual Financial Statements

<WWW>

Reporting website

About this report

Board statement of

responsibility

Chairperson’s: letter

P2

P4

P5

Stakeholder feedback

We welcome stakeholder feedback on our reporting. Should you have any

comments or suggestions on this report, contact our investor relations team at:

investor.relations@anglogoldashanti.com

Tanzania – Geita

SAFELY

DELIVERING ON STRATEGY

> About AngloGold Ashanti / World in which we operate and strategic response / Delivering on our strategy / Leadership and accountability / Rewarding delivery / Corporate information

AngloGold Ashanti Limited <IR>

AngloGold Ashanti Limited <IR>

1

> About AngloGold Ashanti / World in which we operate and strategic response / Delivering on our strategy / Leadership and accountability / Rewarding delivery / Corporate information

LETTER

CONSISTENT

DELIVERY

Maria Ramos / Chairperson

BOARD STATEMENT AND RESPONSIBILITY

Directors’ statement of responsibility and commitment

The AngloGold Ashanti board has ultimate responsibility for ensuring and confirming the integrity, accuracy and completeness of this

report, as well as of our entire suite of 2020 reports. In this the board is supported by the Audit and Risk Committee and the Social,

Ethics and Sustainability Committee.

The board believes that the report has been prepared in compliance with the International Integrated Reporting Council’s Integrated

Reporting Framework. The board is of the view that the material issues identified have been addressed, that the information reported is

correct and relevant, and that this report presents a fair and balanced view of AngloGold Ashanti’s integrated performance for the year

ended 31 December 2020.

This report was approved by the board on 26 March 2021.

Board Chairperson

Chief Executive Officer (interim)

Maria Ramos

Christine Ramon

Chairperson: Audit and Risk Committee

Alan Ferguson

Chairperson: Social, Ethics and Sustainability Committee

Dr Kojo Busia

Chairperson: Remuneration and Human Resources Committee

Maria Richter

Independent non-executive directors:

Albert Garner, Rhidwaan Gasant, Nelisiwe Magubane, Jochen Tilk

Visible gold at Nyankanga, Geita

5

About AngloGold Ashanti / > World in which we operate and strategic response / Delivering on our strategy / Leadership and accountability / Rewarding delivery / Corporate information

AngloGold Ashanti Limited <IR>

4

> About AngloGold Ashanti / World in which we operate and strategic response / Delivering on our strategy / Leadership and accountability / Rewarding delivery / Corporate information

AngloGold Ashanti Limited <IR>:

LETTER CONTINUED

6

7

About AngloGold Ashanti / > World in which we operate and strategic response / Delivering on our strategy / Leadership and accountability / Rewarding delivery / Corporate information

About AngloGold Ashanti / > World in which we operate and strategic response / Delivering on our strategy / Leadership and accountability / Rewarding delivery / Corporate information

AngloGold Ashanti Limited <IR>

AngloGold Ashanti Limited <IR>:

letter, the

global death toll had reached 2.5 million and new cases continue

to edge – and sometimes leap – ever higher across every country

in the world. Whole economic sectors have been decimated by the

steps taken to check its spread, with unprecedented lockdowns,

border closures and social distancing.

The manner of our response to COVID-19 highlighted the best of

AngloGold Ashanti and its people. Daily calls in the months following

the first government lockdown orders brought together dozens

of experienced professionals from every corner of our Company.

These were the centrepiece of our crisis response and allowed our

teams to provide the latest news from their sites and communities,

to discuss the cascade of new challenges that seemed to arise

almost by the hour, and – importantly – to offer encouragement and

share solutions. We were able to work together seamlessly as a

global organisation across nine countries, ensuring we protected our

people while working towards our business objectives. We continued

to pay our employees throughout this period, despite COVID-19

related lockdowns in certain jurisdictions.

We continued to manage the business focusing on risk mitigation

and maintaining a tight rein on costs. Inventories of critical

spares have been built to cover between three and six months

at operations. We also implemented contingency plans early in

2020 to counter potential disruptions and built ore stockpiles to

provide additional operating flexibility where possible. We ensured

the continued transport and refining of our gold doré across our

operations through accredited private charters when commercial

airlines had suspended operations.

This business continuity ensured we were able to pay $1.1bn in

royalties and taxes, $508 million in salaries, wages and benefits and

more than $1.6 billion in procurement expenditures, of which 82%

is spent in our operating jurisdictions. Those numbers will take on a

particular significance for governments as they survey a devastated

economic landscape and see pockets of resilience around mines,

and as they see the continued inflows into the fiscus from mineral

exports. We’re immensely proud of that contribution.

From the outset, our guiding principle was to do the right thing by

our employees, their families and our surrounding communities.

We appreciated the need to work closely with the authorities,

civil society and community leadership at each step of the way,

with the clear understanding that our fortunes and those of our

host societies, are inextricably linked. That principle drove our

own response internally and informed the external assistance we

provided in the form of equipment and infrastructure.

We learnt valuable lessons along the way that will stand us in

good stead as this public health emergency remains with us for

some time yet. There are also learnings that will stay with us well

beyond that, particularly around information sharing, cooperating

more effectively across our global footprint, and in creating a more

resilient organisation.

Safety

Regrettably our safety performance – the pride of our 2019 report

back – took a major step backward during the first half of 2020,

with six operating fatalities on our mines. Tragically three of our

colleagues were killed at Mponeng mine in March, when a seismic

event hit immediately behind the workface. A fourth was killed in a

locomotive incident in the TauTona area barely three weeks later.

At Obuasi, in June 2020, an experienced equipment operator was hit

by an underground load-haul dumper, while in July a security guard

was hit and killed by a car driven by a private citizen, at the gate to

one of Obuasi’s housing estates. See In memoriam in the <SR>.

Each one of these deaths is a terrible tragedy for the families, loved

ones and colleagues, and a tough reminder that our work to banish

injury and death from our sites, is never done. We have taken

a decision to implement a revitalised safety strategy across the

business, a process that will unfold over the coming two years. We

STRATEGIC AND

OPERATING SUCCESS

Christine Ramon / Interim Chief Executive Officer

will continue to learn from high potential incidents, or ‘near misses’,

which are invaluable leading indicators for the high consequence, low

frequency incidents that claim lives on heavy industrial worksites.

Notwithstanding these setbacks, overall injury rates at our mines

continued their downward trend, ending the year at 2.39 injuries

per million hours worked. Looking at our existing portfolio, without

the South Africa and Mali assets sold last year, the number falls

to 1.68. Both numbers are significantly below the 2019 ICMM

member average of 3.14. These injury rates are a good indicator of

the strength of the safety culture across our business, underscored

by the fact that our managed operations in Africa (excluding Kibali

operated by Barrick, and Obuasi, which was in project phase last

year), went the entire second half of the year without a single injury.

It’s an astonishing feat, especially given the COVID-19 backdrop.

Strategic and operating success

The fundamental performance of the business was strong in 2020,

which was a pivotal year for us.

From a strategic perspective, we made solid progress across

several fronts; we met guidance for the eighth year in a row and

succeeded in our aim of streamlining the portfolio by exiting

operations in South Africa and Mali. The asset sale proceeds were

applied to debt reduction, further strengthening the balance sheet.

The trimmed down portfolio allows us to focus our capital on high

return, longer life opportunities.

Operating performance was solid, particularly given the COVID-

19-related mine closures in Brazil, Argentina, and South Africa, at

different points during the year. We ended the year with production

of 3.047Moz, which included a nine-month contribution from South

Africa before completion of its sale to Harmony Gold. Production

from continuing operations was 2.806Moz. All-in sustaining costs,

including South Africa, were $1,059/oz, which included $55/oz for

COVID-19 impacts, linked in part to the production losses from the

pandemic of 140,000oz.

The financial performance of the business was especially strong.

All-in sustaining cost margins from continuing operations widened

to 40%, helped on one end by conscientious cost management

and the other by the higher gold price, which averaged 27% higher

year-on-year. While the higher gold price is welcome, we continue

to apply conservative long-term assumptions in our planning, well

below the spot price. We believe this is the best way to protect

our balance sheet over the long term and ensure that we don’t get

carried away by a bullish consensus.

The business generated $1.0bn in headline earnings for the year –

around three times the level in 2019 – while free cash flow before

growth capital, the measure on which we calculate dividends, also

came in at just over $1bn.

That figure would have been considerably higher if not for cash

lock-up challenges we faced in the DRC, where our attributable

share of the cash totalled $424 million in the Kibali joint venture’s

local US dollar-bank accounts at the end of December, and

Tanzania, where value added tax receivables, accumulated over

more than three years, were $139 million. We remain in close

dialogue with Tanzania’s revenue authorities regarding offsetting

those tax balances against future corporate tax payments. In the

DRC, our partner and the operator of the Kibali mine, Barrick Gold,

continues to work diligently to have the cash released.

Performance was also competitive from a shareholder return

perspective. We reported a fivefold increase in our final dividend

year-on-year, with the total payment at just over $200m, supported

by stronger cash flows and a more competitive dividend policy.

Crucially, we achieved those returns and kept all our projects

funded, without any equity funding top-up for the tenth consecutive

year. This tight rein on our share capital continues to set us apart in

our peer group, as a true, self-funded gold producer.

Our ability to maintain that record depends on a strong balance

sheet, and once again we ended the year with a lower net debt

than what we started with. At 31 December 2020, our adjusted

net debt was $597m, and our leverage from continuing operations

(adjusted net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio), was 0.24 times.

That’s well below both our covenant ratio of 3.5 times, and our

through-the-cycle target of 1.0 time. We also had strong liquidity of

$2.8bn, including $1.3bn in cash and $1.4bn in undrawn facilities,

a position boosted by our successful issuance of a 10-year, $700m

bond in September, at the lowest-ever coupon for AngloGold

Ashanti at 3.75%.

We learnt valuable lessons along the way that will

stand us in good stead as this public health emergency

remains with us for some time yet. There are also

learnings that will stay with us well beyond that,

particularly around information sharing, co-operating

more effectively across our global footprint, and in

creating a more resilient organisation.

56

57

About AngloGold Ashanti / World in which we operate and strategic response / > Delivering on our strategy / Leadership and accountability / Rewarding delivery / Corporate information

About AngloGold Ashanti / World in which we operate and strategic response / > Delivering on our strategy / Leadership and accountability / Rewarding delivery / Corporate information

AngloGold Ashanti Limited <IR>

AngloGold Ashanti Limited <IR>:

letter were

tabled at the committee for consideration and approval. During the

year, the committee considered the responses of the auditors on

how they are managing the audit in a COVID-19 environment and

the impact on their assurance process.

As chairperson, I meet with the primary engagement team

members in private before each scheduled meeting where I am

also briefed on general matters relating to the accounting and

auditing profession as it may impact on AngloGold Ashanti.

As part of its ongoing assessment of the independence and

effectiveness of the external auditors, the committee has also

considered during its evaluation of the independence of

Ernst & Young factors such as:

• tenure of service

• quality of planning, delivery and execution of the audit

• quality and knowledge of the audit team, specifically the senior

management team, including the lead engagement partner

• the results of the most recent IRBA and PCAOB regulatory

reviews and the responses of the firm on observations raised in

these reports

• outcome of the quality assessment review performed during the

first half of 2020;

• robustness of the audit, including the audit team’s ability to

challenge management and demonstrate professional scepticism

and independence

In addition, when considering the re-appointment of the external

auditor at the annual general meeting, the committee satisfied

itself that the external auditor is accredited on the JSE list of

Auditors and Accounting Specialists, and that the individual auditor

responsible for performing the functions of the auditor does not

appear on the JSE list of disqualified individual auditors, as set out

in Section 22.

To further safeguard auditor independence, a formal policy on the

approval of all non-audit related services has been approved and

implemented. In terms of the policy the committee has established

that the sum of the non-audit and tax fees in a year must not

exceed 40% of the sum of the audit and audit related fees in the

year. The committee received a quarterly update on the tax and

non-audit fees as a percentage of the total audit and audit related

fees and are comfortable that the external auditor’s independence

had not been jeopardised.

During 2020, the external audit fees amounted to $8.15m made up

of audit services of $6.02m, audit-related services of $1.80m, non-

audit services of $0.01m and tax services of $0.32m. The latter two

amounted to 4.2% of the audit and audit-related fees, well within the

allowed maximum of 40%.

The committee did not note any significant adverse findings

and considers the service provided by the external auditors to

have been independent, effective and robust, and therefore

recommended their reappointment for the 2021 audit.

However, given the long tenure of Ernst & Young as our external

auditor, the committee decided that it is now appropriate to put

the audit out for tender for the 2023 year-end audit. In this regard,

planning has already started, and discussions have been held with

a number of audit firms to establish their appetite to tender for the

audit and their independence. We have also been provided with

details of possible leadership teams and we are in the process of

selecting those who we believe are best suited to lead the audit of

AngloGold Ashanti. It is planned that the Request for Proposal will

be issued late in the second quarter of 2021.

Finance function and Chief Financial Officer

The committee received feedback on an internal assessment

conducted on the skills, expertise and resourcing of the finance

function and was satisfied with the overall adequacy and

appropriateness of the function. The committee further reviewed

the expertise and experience of the Interim Chief Financial Officer,

Ian Kramer, and was satisfied with the appropriateness thereof.

In evaluating the finance function, and considering the input

of the senior finance team during private meetings held before

each scheduled meeting with the chairperson, the committee

concluded that:

• the finance function’s management philosophy and control

environment were consistent amidst senior personnel changes

during 2020

• management of the finance function has provided the required

guidance to operations during the different stages of lockdown

arising from the COVID-19 pandemic

• the organisational structure of the finance function was

appropriately designed, having the required authority and

responsibility that promoted accountability and control

• the finance function had properly applied accounting principles in

the preparation of the financial statements and the accounting of

non-routine transactions

• the Group’s financial reporting procedures were considered

effective and reliable

Tax governance and strategy

The committee also approved the Group’s tax strategy and tax

management policy, which together, set out the Group’s approach

to tax in areas such as tax efficiency, tax risk management and tax

governance and oversight.

AUDIT AND RISK COMMITTEE: CHAIRPERSON’S REPORT continued

The committee received and reviewed detailed quarterly reports

from the Interim Chief Financial Officer and Vice President: Global

Taxation, jointly, on the Group’s tax position including uncertain

tax positions, effective tax rates, tax provisions, recoverability of

tax receivables, status of the Group’s tax compliance globally and

relevant global fiscal developments impacting the Group.

Whistleblowing

The committee received quarterly updates on AngloGold Ashanti’s

whistleblowing process. Where appropriate the committee directly

oversees the investigation of whistle-blowing reports.

During the year, 176 (2019: 142) reports were received. The

committee is comfortable that the whistle-blowing process is

robust and that each report received is taken seriously and

thoroughly investigated.

Reports received and investigated did not reveal any malpractice

relating to the accounting practices, internal financial controls,

internal audit function or the content of the company’s and Group’s

financial statements.

Statement of internal control

The opinion of the board on the effectiveness of the internal control

environment is informed by the conclusion of the Audit and Risk

Committee.

The Audit and Risk Committee assessed the results of the formal

documented review conducted by Group Internal Audit and other

identified assurance providers in terms of the evolving combined

assurance model of the Group’s system of internal controls and

risk management, including the design, implementation and

effectiveness of the internal financial controls.

The assessment, when considered with information and

explanations given by management and discussions with both the

internal and external auditors on the results of their audits, led to

the conclusion that nothing has come to the attention of the board

that caused it to believe that the company’s system of internal

controls and risk management is not effective and that the internal

financial controls do not form a sound basis for the preparation of

reliable financial statements.

Annual financial statements

The committee has evaluated the consolidated and separate

annual financial statements for the year ended 31 December

2020 and concluded that it complies, in all material aspects, with

the requirements of the Companies Act, IFRS and JSE Listing

Requirements. The committee therefore recommended the

approval of the annual financial statements to the board.

Events post year end

Management confirmed to the committee that there had been no

significant post year-end events that had to be considered

for disclosure.

Looking forward

The committee realises that its work is increasingly broad and

complex and as a committee we are required to stay on top of

developments impacting AngloGold Ashanti. During 2021, the

Audit and Risk Committee will:

• monitor the finalisation of the remainder of the South Africa

operations sale process and the management of legacy projects

stemming from the transaction

• monitor the continuing ramp-up of the Obuasi operations to full

production and the impact on associated business processes

• monitor the remediation work currently in progress around

control weaknesses identified at the Siguiri mine in the

Africa region. A formal report thereon is scheduled for the next

committee meeting

• monitor the cyber environment and the Group’s prevention and

defence capabilities in terms of risk exposure

• lead on the adopted approach to mandatory audit firm rotation

which will be effective for the 2023 financial period

• assess the audit services pre-approval policy and guidance in

terms of the fees spent on tax and permissible non-audit services

expressed as a percentage of the audit fees

• consider the outcome of the board’s consideration of the

Quebradona and Gramalote project, should the project be

approved, monitor the further design and development of the

internal control environment as the project progresses

• assess the impact of the rule changes accepted by the Securities

Exchange Commission around disclosures associated with

Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve – S-K1300 Guide

• consider management’s proposal in relation to the integration

of the Group’s information technology and operations’

technology processes

Conclusion

The committee is satisfied that it has considered and discharged

its responsibilities in accordance with its mandate, statutory

responsibilities and terms of reference during the year under review.

In signing this report on behalf of the committee, I would like to

thank my fellow committee members, the external auditors, internal

auditors and management for their contributions to the committee

during this challenging financial year.

Alan Ferguson

Chairperson: Audit and Risk Committee

26 March 2021

132

133

About AngloGold Ashanti / World in which we operate and strategic response / Delivering on our strategy / > Leadership and accountability / Rewarding delivery / Corporate information

About AngloGold Ashanti / World in which we operate and strategic response / Delivering on our strategy / > Leadership and accountability / Rewarding delivery / Corporate information

AngloGold Ashanti Limited <IR>

AngloGold Ashanti Limited <IR>:

LETTER: Dear Shareholders,

I am pleased to present the AngloGold Ashanti remuneration

report for the year ended 31 December 2020. We continue to

aim for transparent and fulsome disclosure that provides an

accurate overview of the Company’s remuneration and human

resource policy and practices, and how these are aligned with the

company’s strategic objectives. The Remuneration and Human

Resources Committee’s aim is to ensure that the remuneration

policy plays a key role directing the efforts and behaviours of

employees and leaders, to ensure safe and sustainable creation

of value for stakeholders over the long term in a manner that is

fair, responsible, and transparent.

A number of important considerations have informed our

decisions taken this year, including: financial and non-financial

performance in both relative and absolute terms; the views and

expectations of our stakeholders; differing contributions of our

mine sites to the Group’s improved financial resilience; continued

focus on capital projects and production; ongoing support for

host communities; and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.

As ever, we have been guided in our decision making by the

principles of fair and responsible pay, with particular emphasis on

recognising the contribution of all employees within AngloGold

Ashanti. I believe our remuneration policy achieved its intended

objectives during an especially challenging period.

Performance on safety and employee well-being

The health and safety of our workforce and communities, remains

our priority. We saw marked year-on-year improvements in the health

of our employees, with the lowest-ever rate of occupational illness.

The all injury frequency rate, the broadest measure of workplace

safety, ended the year at 2.39 injuries per million hours worked.

This is the lowest injury rate on record, and below the 3.2 average

rate recorded by members of the International Council on Mining

and Metals in 2019. Low injury rates also indicate the robustness of

systems and the durability of an organisational culture.

This performance was, however, marred by six workplace fatalities.

These losses are devastating for the families of the deceased and

the organisation. The previous period of almost two years passed

without a single workplace death. The safety and operating teams

are particularly focused on preventing these ‘low-frequency, high-

consequence’ events, which are a focal point of a safety strategy

review conducted at the end of last year and implemented at

the start of 2021. Notwithstanding the improved injury rates, the

committee adjusted the all injury frequency rate safety metric

of 2020 DSP incentive pay-out to nil, in light of the workplace

fatalities. (See page 172).

The all occupational disease frequency rate continued its long-term

improvement, almost halving from 1.36 cases per million hours

worked in 2019, to 0.80 in 2020. The health team, led by a public

health specialist, developed a suite of new health standards aimed

at further reducing long-term exposures that may be harmful to

employees and communities. The health team furthermore played

an instrumental role in assisting the organisation’s response to

the pandemic, developing and adapting prevention protocols,

and designing standard operating procedures that helped ensure

business continuity throughout the year.

Changes to our remuneration policy

We made amendments to the remuneration policy to more closely

align management and shareholder interests and strengthen

corporate governance. This included increasing the minimum

shareholding requirement (MSR) and enhancing the performance

management policy by increasing the weighting of the company’s

performance from 60% for executive management members

and 70% for the Chief Executive Officer to 80% for both, with a

commensurate reduction in the individual performance rating, in

determining the Deferred Share Plan (DSP) pay-out.

Changes made to improve corporate governance included:

• Further amplifying malus and claw-back provisions: Including

additional firmer provisions; permitting the committee to exercise

discretion by reducing the number of shares to be received on

the vesting of an award; and ensuring that value may be clawed

back up to two years after vesting of an award

• The recruitment policy has been tightened, with respect to

eligibility criteria for awards granted in lieu of forfeiture at the

employee’s former employer

Our response to the COVID-19 pandemic

As with most of the world, this year was one of the most

challenging in the life of this organisation. The COVID-19 outbreak

evolved with dizzying speed, from a localised outbreak in Wuhan,

China at the end of 2019, to a full-blown pandemic by late March of

2020. By the end of the year, it had claimed over two million lives.

Governments around the world took unprecedented steps to curb

the outbreak and flatten the infection curve, including imposing

ENSURING FAIR, RESPONSIBLE

AND TRANSPARENT

REMUNERATION

Maria Richter / Chairperson: Remuneration and Human Resources Committee

curfews, border closures and lockdowns of entire countries. Supply

chains were disrupted, people were stranded far from home and

workplaces, and economies were placed under severe stress as

the struggle to protect lives was balanced by the need to resume

normal activities and safeguard livelihoods.

The committee is extremely proud that AngloGold Ashanti did

an exceptional job navigating through the crisis, implementing a

comprehensive suite of risk management protocols that prioritised

safety while allowing essential activities to continue safely. Striking

this delicate balance was no easy task, and on careful reflection

we believe it was managed in a manner that was a credit to the

business. The company ended 2020 in a strong position, including

strengthening the goodwill of many important stakeholders.

Corporate and operating teams worked closely with the authorities

in each of our operating jurisdictions to ensure that much-needed

support was made available to communities that struggled with the

public health and economic hardships caused by the pandemic.

Two hospitals were provided for the exclusive use of authorities in

South Africa, with the aim of bolstering the medical response of

two provincial governments, while donations of sanitisers, personal

protective equipment, ventilators, emergency food aid and an array

of other essential products and services, were made across our

operating jurisdictions.

As a committee, we have been pleased to see the management

team reflecting the organisation’s culture and values in ensuring

that no employee lost wages or benefits at any point, despite

mine closures and business interruptions caused by virus

outbreaks, precautionary stoppages and lockdowns ordered

by the authorities. We did not access governmental support

schemes and no colleagues were made redundant due to the

impact of COVID-19. Arrangements were also made to provide

lifelines and support to suppliers.

Non-executive directors waived an inflationary fee increase for

the sixth consecutive year. Significant donations were made by

non-executive directors to COVID-19 relief funds, notably South

Africa’s Solidarity Fund, a public and private partnership that has

done excellent work in the country’s response to the ravages of

the pandemic.

The management team – with the support of the board –

understands that this public health crisis has some way to run yet,

and that 2021 will see more demands made on the resources of

the company to assist our host communities in responding to the

crisis. It is against this backdrop that the Interim Chief Executive

Officer and numerous executive management members have

donated their 2021 inflationary salary increases towards the

AngloGold Ashanti Global COVID-19 fund.

In summary, AngloGold Ashanti’s management and employees

demonstrated – in myriad ways – a clear commitment to the

company’s values during an immensely challenging period.

Management performance and achievements

• All-injury frequency rate improved 28% to a record 2.39 injuries

per million hours worked

• Recycled 73% of the total water requirement for mining and

processing operations

• Ore Reserve increased 6.1Moz on a gross basis, increasing

reserve life to about 11 years

• Free cash flow rose more than fivefold to $743m from 2019

• Adjusted net debt reduced to its lowest level in ten years,

at $597m

• Annual guidance met or improved upon for the eighth

consecutive year

• Annual dividend increased fivefold

• Commercial production achieved at Obuasi Phase 1; Phase 2 is

90% complete

• Achieved commercial underground production at Tropicana’s

Boston Shaker - on schedule and within budget

• Provided multi-year guidance and indicative outlook on

production, costs and capital, showcasing longer-term potential

• Streamlined the portfolio with the sale of the South Africa and

Mali operating assets

The company has been led, from 1 September by Interim Chief

Executive Officer (CEO), Christine Ramon, who assumed her

role when Kelvin Dushnisky resigned. The committee commends

Christine for her leadership, and the executive and senior

leadership teams across the organisation who helped deliver on the

company’s objectives during a challenging period.

While the overall performance in 2020 was solid, there are

– as always – areas for improvement, notably in eliminating

workplace fatalities and injuries, in further improving environmental

stewardship, and – within the bounds of responsible operatorship –

ensuring improved efficiency of our operations.

Incentive scheme: Deferred Share Plan

pay-outs

The pandemic will have far-reaching and long-term consequences

for our economies and societies. In this context, the committee

faced difficult decisions regarding the most appropriate way to

remunerate AngloGold Ashanti’s employees and leadership for

outstanding work delivered in a turbulent year. Work routines

were disrupted, with sites reduced to essential personnel only

and others, who could work remotely for most of the year.

Employees balanced their often-increased work responsibilities

with challenging home environments, altered by home schooling

responsibilities and other challenges created by the pandemic.

Throughout this period, the morale of the organisation remained

positive, and an already-strong culture of teamwork and joint

problem solving reached a new level. The result was a strong

financial and operating performance, delivered in a manner which

we can all be proud of.

Our ‘pay-for-performance’ philosophy was once again a key

driver in rewarding our employees. The DSP incentive scheme

with its financial and non-financial metrics aims to ensure a fair

reward outcome, balancing strong fundamental performance

with the impact of uncontrollable factors, such as gold price and

currency fluctuations. We aim for transparency in disclosing the link

between remuneration and value creation (page 153`), showing the

achievement of performance against the board approved metrics

for 2020.

144

145

About AngloGold Ashanti / World in which we operate and strategic response / Delivering on our strategy / Leadership and accountability / > Rewarding delivery / Corporate information

About AngloGold Ashanti / World in which we operate and strategic response / Delivering on our strategy / Leadership and accountability / > Rewarding delivery / Corporate information

AngloGold Ashanti Limited <IR>

AngloGold Ashanti Limited <IR>

LETTER continued

Areas of achievement for 2020 and remuneration areas of

focus for 2021 are:

2020

2021

Enhancement of remuneration

policy by tightening recruitment

eligibility criteria for awards

granted in lieu of forfeiture

Further review of the DSP

scheme, to ensure global best

practice and continued close

alignment with shareholders’

interests

Enhancement of the malus and

claw-back provisions

Continued focus on succession

planning, talent management and

development

Increased minimum shareholding

requirements for members of the

Executive committee

Continued engagement with

shareholders

Enhanced performance

management review process

Focus on the review of the

organisational culture and

a review and refresh of the

company’s values

Focus on health and well-being of

our employees particularly in light

of the COVID-19 pandemic

Continued focus on employee

health and well-being

Continued focus on succession

planning and development

Continued focus on equality of

gender remuneration

Continued implementation of

diversity framework

Review and refresh of company

policies to ensure that they

remain current and relevant

Enhancing our relationships with

our shareholders

Expression of gratitude

In closing, I would like to thank the committee for its support during

this challenging year and our shareholders for their constructive

engagement and feedback. Thanks also to our management team

for their unstinting efforts to create value for our stakeholders

during an unprecedented time, and to our employees who worked

tirelessly under difficult conditions. Finally, my special gratitude to

the employees at the operations in South Africa and Mali, for the

enormous contributions made to this company over so many years.

The committee’s priorities for 2021 will remain the continued

implementation of fair and responsible pay. We will continue to

monitor market trends to ensure that the remuneration of all our

employees across the Group remains competitive, in the context

of improved performance and productivity. We will continue to

assess our Remuneration policy, especially our DSP scheme to

ensure global best practice and continued close alignment with

shareholders’ interests.

Sincerely,

Maria Richter

Chairperson: Remuneration and Human

Resources Committee

26 March 2021

146

147

About AngloGold Ashanti / World in which we operate and strategic response / Delivering on our strategy / Leadership and accountability / > Rewarding delivery / Corporate information

About AngloGold Ashanti / World in which we operate and strategic response / Delivering on our strategy / Leadership and accountability / > Rewarding delivery / Corporate information

AngloGold Ashanti Limited <IR>

AngloGold Ashanti Limited <IR>:

