letter

17

Chief executive’s review

22

Board of directors

24

Our governance universe and framework

26

Creating sustainable value through good

governance

32

Our platinum management committee

(PMC)

4 Strategy, PGM markets and

business model

38

Strategic priorities

48

Our markets

56

Business model – how we create value

60

Managing our trade-offs for long-term

value

62

Adding value to South Africa’s economy

64

Our stakeholders

70

Our material issues

74

Our approach to risk and opportunity

management

5 Performance review

86

Financial review

97

Tax contribution through the life cycle of a

mine

98

Our economic contribution in South Africa

in 2020

99

Our economic contribution in Zimbabwe

in 2020

101

Mining and concentrator operations review

115

Processing operations review

119

Overview of sustainability capitals

120

Sustainable mining plan summary

126

Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources review

133

Remuneration report

6 Company information

151

Analysis of shareholders

152

Shareholders’ diary

152

Administration

7 Appendix

153

Key statistics

Supporting documentation on the website

Full annual financial statements (AFS)

Full Ore Reserves and Mineral Resources report

Environmental, social and governance (ESG) report

Notice of annual general meeting

www.angloamericanplatinum.com/investors/annual-reporting/2020

Refers to other pages in this report

Cover image – A rope shovel in operation at Mogalakwena Mine:

letter

management agenda for urgent and important work enables

robust monitoring.

For the next five years, achieving our purpose will drive our strategy

as we enhance the company’s value and earnings by stimulating

new markets, embedding anti-fragility across our business,

maximise value from our core and being a leader in environmental,

social and governance (ESG) practices. This is detailed from

page 37

.

Policy environment

The key development during the year was the DMRE minister

withdrawing his appeal in August on the ‘once-empowered, always-

empowered’ principle in the third version of our primary compliance

vehicle, the mining charter (MCIII). Effectively, this means:

– Once the minister has granted or converted a mining right, its

holder is not legally obliged to ‘top-up’ ownership to account for

BEE shareholders who have exited

– The failure by a right holder to meet the requirements of the

mining charter does not constitute a material breach of the

mining right or of section 47(1)(a) of the Mineral Petroleum

Resources Development Act (MPRDA)

– The continuing consequences of empowerment transactions

concluded by mining right holders after enactment of the MPRDA

cannot be restricted or diluted by the charter

— The recognition of all forms of ownership cannot be restricted or

diluted by the mining charter.

We view this development as a major turning point in establishing

regulatory certainty for the mining industry in South Africa. However,

to clarify certain aspects of the revised charter and with the

approval of its members, the Minerals Council of South Africa will

continue with the judicial review of MCIII. The council will also

engage the minister on potential solutions to improve regulatory

certainty further.

Mining is a long-term business, with years between prospecting and

first production. Equally, each project requires significant capital at

the outset and it is often a decade or more before that capital

investment is recouped. Investors therefore need a stable, conducive

and competitive regulatory environment to justify investing.

There was limited progress with the state’s efforts to address issues

at South Africa’s national power utility, Eskom, in 2020. Although

there have been foundational changes since the appointment

of a new leadership team, these will take time to translate to

improvements. The unreliable supply and spiralling cost of electricity

have become a major concern for corporate South Africa, and

highlight the need to accelerate the adoption of renewable forms

of energy. We therefore reiterate the industry call for regulatory

changes to encourage investment in renewable energy, both by

companies such as Anglo American Platinum and third-party

investors.

As I noted last year, our economy desperately needs investment

to grow and mining investment, in particular, drives growth in other

sectors as well. We hope the momentum lost on policy reform in

recent years can be reignited as the government looks to rebuild

the country’s economy.

Sound governance underpins value creation

As a board, we are ultimately accountable for the governance and

performance of the company. This was particularly true in a year

that frequently presented new issues – issues that demanded the

collective expertise of board and management members to

address in the best interests of the company and all its stakeholders.

The challenges of 2020 have written a new chapter in global

history books. While the economic and broader social recovery

is likely to be protracted, we believe the events of 2020 have

reinforced the concept of stakeholder inclusivity and the ethical

obligation for companies to consider all stakeholder groups

in responding to a crisis. Similarly, the past year has tested

companies’ resilience to an extraordinary degree, and many did

not survive. Perhaps this is the salutary lesson – while an effective

strategy for any company’s sustainability must consider the short,

medium and long terms, its crisis-response plan must be robust,

current and tested to the extent possible.

In addition to the myriad impacts of the coronavirus disease

(Covid-19) and ensuing lockdowns in South Africa and Zimbabwe,

Anglo American Platinum faced ongoing challenges with its

converter plant or ACP (detailed by the CEO). Given that 2020 was

also a period of transitioning to new leadership, the board believes

the company made commendable progress against key strategic

objectives for the year to 31 December 2020, and has proven its

resilience in the face of crisis. To summarise the salient features of

the review period:

– Safety performance was mixed, with one fatality but an

improvement in the total recordable case frequency rate (TRCFR)

– PGM production from managed mines had improved to near

normal by year end, although unit costs rose 15% on lower volumes

– Ongoing modernisation and mechanisation continued to improve

efficiencies

— The unrelenting focus on the health and wellbeing of our people

and host communities contained infection rates in our workforce

and strengthened relationships with these key stakeholders.

Tragically, we recorded one fatality at our managed operations

and three at independently managed joint operations. We proved

in 2019 that we could work for a year without a loss of life and have

redoubled the focus on our goal of zero harm. Eliminating fatalities

is a key initiative across Anglo American Platinum, and a

performance metric of the CEO and finance director. In contrast, the

total recordable case frequency rate or TRCFR improved to 2.40

from 2.50 last year, reflecting the effectiveness of campaigns across

our operations.

Safety is everybody’s business – from the board and management

to employees, unions and industry participants. Through focus and

the collaborative efforts of all, along with constructive oversight by

the Department of Mineral Resources and Energy (DMRE), we believe

we can continue to make significant progress on this journey.

Driving our strategic priorities

The Anglo American Platinum strategy is a framework for achieving

our goals. To succeed in an evolving market, however, that strategy

needs to be dynamic – a point emphatically highlighted by the

review period. In the past, the board convened annually for

separate strategy and risk workshops to consider global

developments, industry trends and the views of acknowledged

thought leaders and mining peers.

In 2020, we increased board engagement on strategy topics to at

least quarterly. This better capitalises on the collective expertise of

directors to ensure our strategy fully considers the risks to which

Anglo American Platinum is exposed, as well as related

opportunities amid a rapidly changing external environment. We

believe there is a dual benefit to this approach: firstly, we have

entrenched the board’s role in strategic direction to best

governance standards and, secondly, prior agreement on the

14

Anglo American Platinum Limited integrated annual report 2020:

letter continued

16

Anglo American Platinum Limited integrated annual report 2020:

letter

and spirit of King IV:

– Safety

All injuries are preventable and by working together we

can make safety a way of life

– Care and respect

We always treat people with respect, dignity and

common courtesy – regardless of their background,

lifestyle or position. And we’re building trust through

open, two-way communication every single day

– Integrity

Taking an honest, fair, ethical and transparent

approach to everything we do

— Accountability

We take ownership of our decisions, our actions and our

results. We deliver on our promises and acknowledge

our mistakes. Above all, we never pass blame

– Collaboration

We are one company with a joint ambition – all working

together to make decisions and get things done more

effectively

— Innovation

Challenging the way things have always been done is a

key priority for us. By actively developing new solutions,

encouraging new ways of thinking and finding new

ways of working, we are dramatically improving the

business

IV

IV

Ethical leadership

Anglo American Platinum is committed to a policy of fair dealing

and integrity in conducting its business. Actively endorsed by

the board, this commitment is based on a fundamental belief

that business should be conducted honestly, fairly, legally

and responsibly. The board expects all employees to share its

commitment to high moral, ethical and legal standards and

sound business principles.

In 2020, our code of conduct was refreshed to ensure it was

up to date and fit for purpose, in line with refreshed values

introduced last year. The code represents our values in action

and defines what we expect from leadership and employees at

every level. It also sets the standard for how we should deal with

third parties, understanding that any gap between what we

say and do could damage our reputation and social licence to

operate.

Mandatory code-of-conduct training took place in Q4

2020. Mandatory business integrity training was provided

to people in roles exposed to higher business integrity risks,

particularly interactions with government/public officials, use of

intermediaries and development of new business.

The internal business integrity committee has been reconstituted

and renamed the compliance and ethics committee to assist

the board in fulfilling its related oversight responsibilities. The

committee ensures our policies and approach to compliance

and ethics are adequate and effective. It is chaired by the

finance director and attended each quarter by executives and

senior managers to:

– Review progress of compliance programmes, as well as

awareness/training initiatives

– Discuss relevant breaches of conduct involving preventive

work and ‘Your Voice’ investigations (only when necessary)

– Governance updates (policies, standards, procedures)

– Projects/group initiatives

– Ad-hoc compliance and ethical issues.

IV

26

Anglo American Platinum Limited integrated annual report 2020:

letter, CEO’s review and financial review).

2

Asset integrity and

infrastructure review

Reviewed the asset integrity and reliability strategy as a key enabler to ensure safe,

predictable and sustainable operations.

2

Approval of slag-cleaning

furnace

Approved a redesign and rebuild of the slag-cleaning furnace at Waterval smelter.

3

Budget and business

plan approval 2021-2025

Approved the 2021 budget and five-year business plan, considering macro-economic

assumptions and commodity price forecasts.

1, 2, 3, 4

Risk and strategic review

– Risk review and adjustment to ratings and tolerance levels

– A context of long-term megatrends, disruptions and scenarios considered

– To increase the odds of success in a turbulent environment, a revised process to strategy

development was adopted

– Approved the four strategic priorities to achieve Anglo American Platinum’s purpose and

create value for all its stakeholders

1, 2, 3, 4

Supplier contract

approvals

Approved supplier contracts as required within its authority. These contracts are expected

to yield significant commercial value and ensure technical innovation.

2, 3

Annual financial

statements and

integrated reporting

– Ensure that the appropriate financial procedures are in place and operating

– Approved the interim and final dividends having considered the solvency and liquidity

status of the company as required.

2, 3

Anglo American Platinum Limited integrated annual report 2020

27

1

2

3

4

5

6:

Dear shareholders

I am pleased to present the Anglo American Platinum Limited

remuneration report for the year ended 31 December 2020. In line

with best practice, as prescribed by King IV, this report is presented

in three parts. The first is a background statement on how the

company has subscribed to the principle of fair, responsible and

transparent remuneration practice. The second sets out its

remuneration philosophy and policy, and the third details policy

implementation.

The Covid-19 pandemic has been central to many of the human

resource and remuneration issues requiring attention from

companies globally. Specifically, Anglo American Platinum has been

agile and proactive in addressing this challenge, while doing its

best to protect our most vulnerable employees in an ethical and

responsible way. Examples include flexible work arrangements and

support for vulnerable employees to ensure their continued financial

wellness. In terms of management and executive remuneration,

there were no changes to performance conditions of existing

long-term incentive awards, no specific retention awards made,

no adjustments to the number of 2020 long-term incentive awards

granted in April 2020, nor deviations from the executive

remuneration policies disclosed in the 2019 remuneration report.

We adjusted the mix of cash and deferred portions of the annual

short-term incentive and refined the long-term incentive

performance vesting measures this year, in line with parameters

communicated in the 2019 report.

It is evident from the remuneration implementation report,

specifically the total single figure of remuneration statement, that

despite headwinds Anglo American Platinum maintained a strong

financial position with EBITDA of R42 billion and net cash position

of R18.7 billion.

We continue to monitor pay-fairness measures in Anglo American

Platinum (equal pay for equal value of work) and pay ratios required

by the Department of Labour in the annual EEA4 submissions.

We also monitor the organisational pay-gap using both the Gini

co-efficient and Palma ratios*, and are kept apprised of research

conducted, inter alia, by BUSA (Business Unity South Africa) on the

most appropriate pay-gap measure for statutory disclosure.

Anglo American Platinum Limited integrated annual report 2020

133

1

2

3

4

5

6:

