message from the chairman

17

Resetting our business – a message from our chief

executive officer

20

Weathering the storm – a message from the chief

financial officer

24

2020 highlights and five-year performance review

C – Strategic objective execution

26

Strategic objective 1: Towards zero harm

32

Strategic objective 2: Preserving cash

36

Strategic objective 3: Sustainability for the long run

42

Strategic objective 4: Focusing on people

D – Corporate governance

48

Leadership – how the board directs our company’s

value creation

51

Audit and risk committee report

54

Transformation, social and ethics committee report

56

Remuneration report

66

Independent limited assurance report to the directors of

ArcelorMittal South Africa

68

Assurance over the 2020 integrated reporting process –

Internal Audit

Corporate information

69

Corporate information

ArcelorMittal South Africa

- 1 -

Integrated report 2020

ArcelorMittal South Africa

- 1 -

Integrated report 2020:

message from the chairman

Due to the Covid-19 pandemic, 2020 was a once in a century

complex year, which presented immense uncertainty with

far-reaching, devastating consequences for lives and livelihood

in all economies and societies across the globe.

We wish to express our deeply felt sympathy and condolences

to the families of those employees who succumbed to this

terrible virus. Many businesses were ravaged by the pandemic

with negative consequences culminating in the loss of jobs

and livelihoods.

Before the pandemic, 2020 was already a year complicated

by muted economic growth; the Covid-19 impact

exacerbated already-existing trading challenges. We had

anticipated that ArcelorMittal South Africa would have to

make some operationally tough choices to remain a solid

going concern. In the event, the resilience of our staff and

management delivered unexpectedly positive outcomes in a

year that was most inauspicious, ushering in a more hopeful

era for all of our stakeholders.

Our leadership – my board and Kobus Verster’s management

team – succeeded in turning terrible risk into great

opportunity. It is true, however, that our survival was only

made possible by great sacrifice. And it is equally true that

2020 would simply have been too late for us to have begun

making those sacrifices. (It was only with the greatest

reluctance that we decided, in 2019, to authorise the closure

of Saldanha Works and a series of retrenchments.)

Getting back to work

In the second half of 2020 we gratefully witnessed how the

underlying vitality of the South African economy began to

assert itself – stronger than most had predicted – when the

easing of lockdown restrictions gave our businesspeople the

chance to get back to work; a chance they grabbed with both

hands. As we have seen, though, such was the demand for

steel that we encountered considerable difficulty in ramping up

production. Under unprecedented circumstances, I believe that

our teams did a most commendable job in processing

stockpiles and in restarting our facilities.

In getting steel products rapidly out to the market, although

initially not in the quantities we would have wanted, we

re-energised many sectors– our customers of course, as well

as miners, transport and logistics operators and our suppliers.

With their stock depleted, many customers told us that they

were unable to get their hands on imported steel, such was

the disruption to international supply chains.

Opportunity and responsibility

Our products are of such integrated importance to so many

sectors of our economy that without ArcelorMittal South

Africa, the kind of economic resurgence we witnessed in H2

of 2020 would not have been possible. Our importance to

our economy is recognised in government’s Steel Master Plan,

which we welcome as a workable blueprint for meaningful,

inclusive growth in the metals and engineering sector. The plan

places significant responsibilities on all players in the steel

industry, ourselves included; responsibilities which we fully

intend to discharge.

Under Covid-19, our social impact and our ability to support

meaningful transformation was negatively impacted (although

we are pleased to note a sterling performance, under testing

conditions, on preferential procurement). We also continued to

live up to our considerable environmental responsibilities;

under the most extreme duress, we kept living our values of

safety, customers, caring and commitment.

In December management presented to the board their

business plan for 2021. As our shareholders and other

stakeholders would expect, directors engaged energetically

and rigorously with the executive on these projections,

estimates and proposals. The 2021 plan is much more

customer-centric than any similar plans before. For the new

year, management have made a number of explicit

commitments to the board on how they intend to create real

value for the downstream and for all whose lives and affairs

we touch. As chairman, I can assure readers that we intend to

hold the executive to those promises.

Thanks

In February 2021 our group founder and chairman, Lakshmi

Mittal, announced that he would be relinquishing his role as

CEO in favour of Aditya Mittal. We thank Mr Mittal senior for

his leadership and the unwavering interest and support he has

shown towards our African operation. We congratulate Aditya

on his appointment and similarly look forward to working with

him on charting our group’s future success.

I also salute Jacob Modise who, in January 2021 resigned

from our board which he had served with dedication and

great distinction since 2013 as an independent non-executive

director and as chairman of our audit and risk committee.

We welcome Bradley Davey to the board who is serving as

a non-executive director as of 1 April 2021 as a successor

to Brian Aranha. We thank Mr Aranha for his strategic input

and guidance over the years of service since his appointment

in 2018.

This integrated report is presented in my eighth year as

chairman of the board. The board has begun a succession

process to identify a new chairman ahead of my impending

retirement at the May 2022 AGM. As the board, we intend to

ensure that there is a smooth transition and handover with no

disruption whatsoever to board and operational continuity.

On behalf of the board I express my appreciation to all of our

stakeholders, both internal and external, for the sacrifices and

solidarity they demonstrated under very difficult

circumstances.

Mpho Makwana

Chairman

A year ago I expressed the belief that we

operated in a “VUCA” macroeconomic

environment – an intensely volatile, uncertain,

complex and ambiguous environment.

ArcelorMittal South Africa

- 16 -

Integrated report 2020:

letter in terms of the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE)

Listing Requirements, paragraph 22.15(H) has been submitted

by Deloitte. The committee is satisfied that Deloitte is

compliant with the relevant external audit partner JSE

qualification and the rotation rules, whereby the lead

engagement partner is required to rotate every five years.

The current lead partner has been the auditor since 2018.

The committee further approved the fees paid to Deloitte and

their terms of engagement. The details of the fees paid to

Deloitte are disclosed in note 6 to the consolidated annual

financial statements.

All non-audit services were approved by the committee during

the current financial year in accordance with the board-

approved policy on non-audit services performed by the

external auditor. The committee meets with the auditor

independently of senior management.

The committee agendas provide for confidential meetings

between committee members and the internal and external

auditors.

Statutory reporting

The committee has evaluated the annual financial statements

of ArcelorMittal South Africa Limited and the group for the

year ended 31 December 2020 and, based on the information

provided to the committee, considers that the company and

group comply, in all material respects, with the requirements

of the Companies Act, the International Financial Reporting

Standards (IFRS), the SAICA Financial Reporting Guides as

issued by the Accounting Practices Committee, and applicable

legislation and financial pronouncements as issued by the

Financial Reporting Standards Council.

Key financial statement reporting issues

The committee reviewed the critical judgements and

assumptions made by management together with the

sensitivity analyses performed and the conclusions on the key

financial statement reporting issues during the year. The key

issues are:

• Impairment of property, plant and equipment

The committee reviewed and assessed the assumptions

used in determining the recoverable amount of the

cash-generating units (CGUs). The committee supported

management’s recommendation that none of the CGUs

should be impaired, except for the coke battery as part of

the Coke and Chemicals CGU as per note 13 in the annual

financial statements.

• Environmental remediation provision and asset retirement

obligation

The committee reviewed the key assumptions and the

discount rate used together with the movement in the

provisions. The committee is satisfied that these provisions

were externally reviewed during 2019 and the methods

applied since 2019 are consistent.

During the year the committee approved the classification of

properties historically classified as property, plant and

equipment as being investment properties. The change in the

classification emanated from the extensive review of the

property portfolio of the group and company and determining

the actual use of the property. The change in the

measurement of the investment property from cost model to

the fair value model was also approved.

The committee had oversight and monitored the liquidity and

cash management including the covenants of the borrowing-

based facility. The committee is satisfied that the group and

company have complied with all covenants as at year-end and

that the liquidity position is adequate to support the going-

concern basis applied in preparing the financial statements.

The committee interrogated the impact, management’s

assessment and an independent report issued by an external

service provider following the apparent ransomware attack

that occurred in the second half of the year. The committee

understands and supports that there is no reason to conclude

that the financial data and thus the integrity of the financial

results have been impacted.

Internal financial controls

The committee has oversight of the group’s financial statements

and reporting process, including the system of internal financial

control. It is responsible for ensuring that the group’s internal

audit function is independent and has the necessary resources,

standing and authority in the organisation to discharge its duties.

The committee oversees cooperation between internal and

external auditors and serves as a link between the board of

directors and these functions. The head of internal audit reports

administratively to the chief executive officer and functionally to

the chairman of the committee and head of group internal audit

of the holding company, ArcelorMittal Holdings AG.

The chief executive officer and chief financial officer's evaluation

of controls included the identification and classification of risks

together with the determination of materiality, the testing of the

design and determining the implementation of controls.:

