MANAGING DIRECTOR

5

MESSAGE

COVID-19 Response Statement

7

ABOUT THIS REPORT

9

HIGHLIGHTS OF

OUR REPORT

13

15

Corporate Governance

19

Our Stakeholders

22

ABOUT

US

23

Commitment to Standards and Initiatives 25

Material Topics

27

Mapping to the SDGs

29

Sustainability Performance Targets

31

OUR APPROACH TO

RESPONSIBLE MINING

33

Sustainable Economic Growth

35

Supply Chain and Local Procurement

39

OUR ECONOMIC

CONTRIBUTION

41

Water

44

Energy and Climate Change

47

Biodiversity

51

Tailings and Waste Management

53

Cyanide Management and Reagent Consumption

56

Compliance and Environmental Incidents

57

OUR ENVIRONMENT

59

Approach to People Management

61

Local Employment

62

Diversity and Equal Opportunity

63

Discrimination and Harassment

66

Enhancing Employee Relations

67

Our People in Numbers

69

Occupational Health and Safety

73

OUR PEOPLE

83

Approach to Managing Social Aspects

and Human Rights

85

Stakeholder Engagement

89

Community Investment

90

Grievance Management

93

Security

94

Planning for Mine Closure

95

OUR COMMUNITIES

Glossary

97

iv

RESPONSIBLE MINING REPORT 2020

Visit www.b2gold.com to download the full

B2Gold Responsible Mining Report which

includes complete ESG References, GRI Index

and B2Gold SDG Targets.:

MESSAGE FROM THE DIRECTOR OF SUSTAINABILITY

3

RESPONSIBLE MINING REPORT 2020:

MANAGING DIRECTOR

MESSAGE FROM THE

2020 ended with celebrations at the Otjikoto Mine in Namibia. Several milestones had been achieved by the end of the

year. Perhaps the greatest source of pride for the B2Gold Namibia team was on October 28, 2020 when we reached 8

million man-hours without a single Lost Time Injury. This is a remarkable achievement in safety when benchmarked against

the highest international standards. Unfortunately, there was a minor injury on that day, the only injury in the year and the

only injury for the preceding 946 days.

The next great milestone for the Otjikoto Mine was at the end of

December, with the achievement of a cumulative gold production of

one million ounces since the first gold pour on December 11, 2014.

The milestone list goes on, not least of which is the mine’s unbroken

record of achieving or exceeding its targeted gold production each year

since inception. In 2020, the gold production was 168,041 ounces at

a grade of 1.52g/t. Despite the fact that production was impacted by

lower feed grades in the areas planned to be mined from the Wolfshag

ore body, all of the production targets for the year were met.

One of the most rewarding achievements of the year was the successful

implementation of the Wolfshag Underground Mine. Notwithstanding

the restrictions and limitations imposed by COVID-19, less than a year

after the viability of the underground operation was demonstrated,

development contractors were appointed, underground mining

equipment was procured, and over one hundred staff were engaged

and accommodated on the mine. The underground development began

in November 2020 and is progressing well.

Although COVID-19 had no impact on gold production for the year, in

an effort to avoid the spread of the disease the Government of Namibia

required all mining operations to temporarily reduce staffing to a minimum.

Consequently, all waste stripping was discontinued for six weeks during

the first lock-down period, after which full mining production resumed.

This halt in waste mining did not negatively impact future ore availability.

A COVID-19 task team was immediately established, comprising of

Management, Emergency Services, Human Resources, and members of the

union. It was heartening to witness the full cooperation and commitment

of all members of the task team, which provided for a seamless transition

to operations under COVID-19 restrictions.

The Namibian team has always believed in embracing cutting-edge

technology with a view to achieving greater efficiencies in all aspects

of operations. Traditionally, the head office in Vancouver has supported

these endeavours and 2020 was no exception. Otjikoto Mine now

boasts the latest technology in radar slope-monitoring equipment,

drone survey equipment, solar energy generation, semi-autonomous

fleet management systems, fatigue management systems, production

blast movement technology, electronic blasting, and advanced mine

planning and optimization software.

Given the large number of projects rolled out over the past year, there is

always the prospect of some projects not delivering on expected results.

This has not been the case. Each project implemented in Namibia has met

or exceeded its promised returns. This is attributed to a remarkable team.

B2Gold Namibia comprises 985 team members, only five of whom are

non-Namibian, and all but one are African. B2Gold Corporate encourages

MESSAGE FROM THE: MANAGING DIRECTOR

5

RESPONSIBLE MINING REPORT 2020

Managing Director & Country Manager, B2Gold Namibia

the upskilling of locals wherever it operates, and B2Gold Namibia is an

example of this corporate ethos. A key to B2Gold Namibia’s success

is that it is led by a small team of innovative, creative, and dedicated

cross-functional professionals.

In spite of all of the above landmark mining achievements, it is B2Gold

Namibia’s social and environmental sustainability goals, efforts, and

achievements beyond mining that truly set us apart from any other operator.

As one of B2Gold Namibia’s many contributions towards community-

based conservation, 1,000 ounces of gold was donated to impoverished

communities that are striving to secure the protection of the critically

endangered population of black rhino in the remote north west of

Namibia. Through the production and sale of 1,000 Rhino Gold bars, the

initiative has generated $1.7 million dollars in revenue, which is being

directed to support impacted communities, NGOs and rhino rangers,

and reinvested in the Rhino Gold Bar Fund to ensure its sustainability.

Our commitment to the environment and black rhino is a small portion

of our commitment to Namibia and its people. Through our Corporate

Social Investment pillars of Education, Arts and Culture and Health

and Livelihoods/SME development, we have supported Namibian

communities from all walks of life that find themselves in need. In

2020 alone, including our Rhino Gold Bar initiative, we made voluntary

contributions of $6.5 million. We encourage other companies to join

our effort as an example of a company that practices good governance

and that gives back far more than we take out of the ground.

Our approach to 2021 will rely on our core principles and commitments

as we remain focused on delivering another successful year, including

our continued contributions to the well-being of the communities where

we operate and Namibian society as a whole.

6

RESPONSIBLE MINING REPORT 2020:

Managing Director and Country Manager of B2Gold

Namibia, met artist Joe Kapena at a Windhoek shopping mall where

Joe was displaying some of his artworks. Joe describes himself as

entirely self-taught, choosing to create hyper-realistic portraits

in charcoal and pencil that express high emotion and bring social

issues to the canvas.

Mark suggested that Joe was an ideal candidate to benefit from

B2Gold’s support of the arts through its CSR department.

“Many talented Namibian artists go unnoticed due to a lack of

patronage. Joe had no backing to help him showcase his talent,”

said Ignasius /Awaseb, CSR Manager for B2Gold Namibia.

Patrick Sam, Chairperson of the National Arts Council of Namibia,

stated that this type of private sector support is crucial for societal

well-being. “Arts, culture, and heritage are fundamental to the

emotional, intellectual, and spiritual development of human beings.

A society can be measured by how well they treat their artists.”

The CSR and PR teams set the wheels in motion to arrange Joe’s first

fully-fledged solo exhibition, I am Kapena, at the Franco-Namibian

Cultural Centre in Windhoek in early December 2020. As a result,

Joe sold eight portraits and made great strides in building a network

within the Windhoek community that will help to move his artistic

endeavours forwards. “Even though selling my work is vital, I felt the

most important thing at the end of the night was the people I met,

and the connections made. No words can describe how thankful I

am and how much this support from B2Gold has boosted my career.”

I AM KAPENA

PRIVATE SECTOR PATRONAGE

FOR NAMIBIAN ARTISTS

NAMIBIA

92:

