letter

110

2.2 Board of Directors and Executive Leadership Team

112

2.3 Role and responsibilities of the Board

118

2.4 Board meetings and attendance

119

2.5 Key Board activities during FY2020

120

2.6 Stakeholder engagement

122

2.7

Director skills, experience and attributes

124

2.8 Board evaluation

127

2.9 Nomination and Governance Committee Report

128

2.10 Risk and Audit Committee Report

130

2.11 Sustainability Committee Report

135

2.12 Remuneration Committee Report

136

2.13 Risk management governance structure

137

2.14 Management

137

2.15 Our conduct

138

2.16 Market disclosure

138

2.17 Conformance with corporate governance standards

138

2.18 Additional UK disclosure

139

3

Remuneration Report

3.1

Annual statement by the Remuneration Committee Chair

142

3.2 Remuneration policy report

144

3.3 Annual report on remuneration

150

4 Directors’ Report

4.1

Review of operations, principal activities and state of affairs 166

4.2 Share capital and buy-back programs

167

4.3 Results, financial instruments and going concern

167

4.4 Directors

167

4.5 Remuneration and share interests

168

4.6 Secretaries

168

4.7

Indemnities and insurance

168

4.8 Employee policies

169

4.9 Corporate governance

169

4.10 Dividends

169

4.11 Auditors

169

4.12 Non-audit services

169

4.13 Political donations

170

4.14 Exploration, research and development

170

4.15 ASIC Instrument 2016/191

170

4.16 Proceedings on behalf of BHP Group Limited

170

4.17 Performance in relation to environmental regulation

170

4.18 Share capital, restrictions on transfer of shares and other

additional information

170

5

Financial Statements

5.1

Consolidated Financial Statements

172

5.2 BHP Group Plc

230

5.3 Directors’ declaration

242

5.4 Statement of Directors’ responsibilities in respect

of the Annual Report and the Financial Statements

243

5.5 Lead Auditor’s Independence Declaration under

Section 307C of the Australian Corporations Act 2001

244

5.6 Independent Auditors’ reports

245

5.7

Supplementary oil and gas information – unaudited

254

6 Additional information

6.1

Alternative Performance Measures

260

6.2 Information on mining operations

269

6.3

Production

277

6.4

Resources and Reserves

280

6.5 Major projects

304

6.6 Sustainability – performance data

305

6.7

Legal proceedings

330

6.8 Glossary

333

7

Shareholder information

7.1

History and development

342

7.2

Markets

342

7.3

Organisational structure

342

7.4

Material contracts

343

7.5

Constitution

343

7.6

Share ownership

347

7.7

Dividends

349

7.8

American Depositary Receipts fees and charges

350

7.9

Government regulations

350

7.10 Ancillary information for our shareholders

352

Contents

Forward looking statements

This Annual Report contains forward looking statements, including:

statements regarding trends in commodity prices and currency exchange

rates; demand for commodities; production forecasts; plans, strategies and

objectives of management; closure or divestment of certain assets,

operations or facilities (including associated costs); anticipated production

or construction commencement dates; capital costs and scheduling;

operating costs and supply of materials and skilled employees; anticipated

productive lives of projects, mines and facilities; provisions and contingent

liabilities; and tax and regulatory developments.

Forward looking statements may be identified by the use of terminology

including, but not limited to, ‘intend’, ‘aim’, ‘project’, ‘see’, ‘anticipate’,

‘estimate’, ‘plan’, ‘objective’, ‘believe’, ‘expect’, ‘may’, ‘should’, ‘will’, ‘would’,

‘continue’ or similar words. These statements discuss future expectations

concerning the results of assets or financial conditions, or provide other

forward looking information.

These forward looking statements are based on the information available as

at the date of this Annual Report and are not guarantees or predictions of

future performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and

other factors, many of which are beyond our control and which may cause

actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements

contained in this Annual Report. BHP cautions against reliance on any

forward looking statements or guidance, particularly in light of the current

economic climate and the significant volatility, uncertainty and disruption

arising in connection with COVID-19.

For example, our future revenues from our assets, projects or mines

described in this Annual Report will be based, in part, on the market price

of the minerals, metals or petroleum produced, which may vary significantly

from current levels. These variations, if materially adverse, may affect the

timing or the feasibility of the development of a particular project, the

expansion of certain facilities or mines, or the continuation of existing assets.

Other factors that may affect the actual construction or production

commencement dates, costs or production output and anticipated lives

of assets, mines or facilities include: our ability to profitably produce and

transport the minerals, petroleum and/or metals extracted to applicable

markets; the impact of foreign currency exchange rates on the market prices

of the minerals, petroleum or metals we produce; activities of government

authorities in the countries where we sell our products and in the countries

where we are exploring or developing projects, facilities or mines, including

increases in taxes; changes in environmental and other regulations; the

duration and severity of the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on our

business; political uncertainty; labour unrest; and other factors identified

in the risk factors set out in section 1.5.4.

Except as required by applicable regulations or by law, BHP does not

undertake to publicly update or review any forward looking statements,

whether as a result of new information or future events.

Past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance.

Sale of Onshore US

On 28 September 2018, BHP completed the sale of 100 per cent of the issued

share capital of BHP Billiton Petroleum (Arkansas) Inc. and 100 per cent of the

membership interests in BHP Billiton Petroleum (Fayetteville) LLC, which held

the Fayetteville assets, for a gross cash consideration of US$0.3 billion.

On 31 October 2018, BHP completed the sale of 100 per cent of the issued

share capital of Petrohawk Energy Corporation, the BHP subsidiary that held

the Eagle Ford (being Black Hawk and Hawkville), Haynesville and Permian

assets, for a gross cash consideration of US$10.3 billion (net of preliminary

customary completion adjustments of US$0.2 billion).

While the effective date at which the right to economic profits transferred

to the purchasers was 1 July 2018, the Group continued to control the

Onshore US assets until the completion dates of their respective transactions.

In addition, the Group provided transitional services to the buyer, which

ceased in July 2019.

For IFRS accounting purposes, Onshore US is treated as Discontinued

operations in BHP’s Financial Statements. Unless otherwise stated,

information in section 5 has been presented on a Continuing operations

basis to exclude the contribution from Onshore US assets. Details of the

contribution of Onshore US assets to the Group’s results are disclosed in

note 28 ‘Discontinued operations’ in section 5. All other information in this

Annual Report (other than FY2019 safety performance data) relating to the

Group has been presented on a Continuing and Discontinued operations basis

to include the contribution from Onshore US assets prior to completion of their

sale, unless otherwise stated. FY2019 safety performance data in this Annual

Report has been presented on a Continuing and Discontinued operations basis

to include the contribution from Onshore US assets to 28 February 2019.

Unless otherwise stated, comparative financial information for FY2017 and

FY2016 has been restated to reflect the sale of the Onshore US assets, as

required by IFRS 5/AASB 5 ‘Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued

Operations’. Consolidated Balance Sheet information for these periods has

not been restated as accounting standards do not require it.

BHP Annual Report 2020 1:

letter of credit’ so

they can choose to buy a property elsewhere.

In addition to these three community resettlements, 14 families

from the rural area chose to rebuild their houses on their previous

property, and of these, eight houses have been rebuilt and

delivered to the families.

A total of 126 families have chosen not to join the collective

resettlement of their previous community. Fundação Renova is

assisting them and 46 properties have been purchased for these

families (as of June 2020).

Financial assistance and compensation

Fundação Renova had paid R$2.5 billion in indemnification

and financial aid up to June 2020.

Fundação Renova has distributed about 14,750 financial assistance

cards to those whose livelihoods were impacted by the dam failure,

including registered and informal commercial fisherfolk who had

their activities affected due to the imposition of fishing restrictions

in the Rio Doce in Minas Gerais and ban along the coast of Espírito

Santo. The monthly payments are designed to provide support to

affected people and their families pending the re-establishment of

conditions that enable them to resume their economic activities.

Fundação Renova is also undertaking a substantial mediated

compensation program to fairly compensate all individuals

impacted by the dam failure. It comprises two key components:

• More than 270,000 people participated in the water damages

program to compensate for temporary water interruption and

were paid a total of approximately R$280 million.

• The general damages component covers all other impacts,

including loss of life, injury, property, business impacts, loss

of income and moral damages. More than 10,000 families have

been paid a total of approximately R$910 million.

Compensation represents approximately 32 per cent of Fundação

Renova’s R$4.7 billion CY2020 budget.

Of the 19 fatalities, 16 families have been fully indemnified and one

partially. The remaining two families are still in legal negotiations.

Other socio-economic programs

Fundação Renova continues to implement a wide range of

socio-economic programs in areas such as health and social

protection, education, small business development, economic

diversification, Indigenous peoples and traditional communities

(i.e. sand-gold miners):

• Fundação Renova is working on two fronts in the area of health:

(i) conducting a human health risk assessment to quantify

potential risk associated with the environmental impact of the

Fundão dam failure prior to conducting the epidemiological and

toxicological studies, as recommended by the Health Technical

Chamber and Sub-Secretariat of Health Surveillance and Security

and (ii) supporting the public management of municipalities by

strengthening existing municipal structures in clinical care and

social protection.

• Fundação Renova seeks to foster the local economy on

the following fronts:

• encouraging local employment opportunities in its own

workforce and through its contractors

• promoting the economic diversification of municipalities,

especially those that rely on mining

• encouraging mechanisms to stimulate economic development

• restoring productive capacity to micro and small companies

• Actions to protect and restore the quality of life of Indigenous

peoples and traditional communities aim to repair and

compensate for the social, cultural, environmental and

economic impacts.

• Fundação Renova has listening, dialogue and social participation

as guiding practices for its actions with the affected

communities. More than 110,000 people have attended

collective meetings.

• Additional compensatory actions are underway to construct new

water and sewage treatment facilities and improve existing ones

that were impacted by Fundão failure. Rio Doce was an industrial

river before November 2015, with inadequate and inefficient

water and sewage treatment. Raw sewage was, and continues

to be, discharged directly into the river.

Environmental remediation

Fundação Renova successfully concluded works to stabilise the

impacted land areas by June 2019. The riverbanks and floodplains

were vegetated, river margins stabilised and, in general, water and

sediment qualities returned to historic conditions. Long-term

remediation work is continuing with landowners and regulators

to re-establish agricultural production and riparian margins with

native vegetation.

The tailings have low concentrations of trace metals; however, the

background concentrations of some elements are elevated in the

area due to natural conditions or previous human activity. BHP has

continued working with Fundação Renova to make sure robust data

is collected, the assessment methodologies are consistent with

Brazilian and international standards, and clear causes for any

potential health impacts are identified so that health authorities

have accurate information to support their decision-making.

Results from water and sediment quality, aquatic habitat and fish

surveys demonstrate that the river ecology downstream of the

Candonga reservoir and along the coast has recovered from any

tailings-related impacts. Upstream of the Candonga reservoir,

sediment volumes in the river channel have slowed the recovery

of habitats and aquatic fauna diversity and abundance compared

to downstream of the reservoir. However Fundação Renova’s work

is intended to support natural system dynamics of the river to

enhance the recovery of habitats and aquatic ecology.

In December 2019, Fundação Renova successfully and safely

removed the Linhares barrier in the Pequeno River, allowing the

free flow of water between the river and the Juparanã lake.

1.8 Samarco continued

76 BHP Annual Report 2020:

letter

2.2

Board of Directors and Executive Leadership Team

2.2.1

Board of Directors

2.2.2 Executive Leadership Team

2.3

Role and responsibilities of the Board

2.4

Board meetings and attendance

2.5

Key Board activities during FY2020

2.6

Stakeholder engagement

2.6.1

Shareholder engagement

2.6.2 Workforce engagement

2.7

Director skills, experience and attributes

2.8

Board evaluation

2.9

Nomination and Governance Committee Report

2.10 Risk and Audit Committee Report

2.11

Sustainability Committee Report

2.12 Remuneration Committee Report

2.13 Risk management governance structure

2.14 Management

2.15 Our conduct

2.16 Market disclosure

2.17 Conformance with corporate governance standards

2.18 Additional UK disclosure

Section 2

Governance

at BHP

BHP Annual Report 2020 109:

letter

‘In this unprecedented year, through our

people’s steadfast commitment to keeping

our operations running safely, we have

continued to contribute to local economies

through the jobs we create and the taxes

and royalties we pay.’

Ken MacKenzie

Chair

110 BHP Annual Report 2020:

Managing Director and Chief

Executive Officer of Amcor Limited, a global

packaging company with operations in over

40 countries, from 2005 until 2015. During

his 23-year career with Amcor, Ken gained

extensive experience across all of Amcor’s

major business segments in developed and

emerging markets in the Americas, Australia,

Asia and Europe.

Other directorships and offices

(current and recent):

• Advisory Board member of American

Securities Capital Partners LLC

(since January 2016)

• Former: Managing

Managing Director and Chief

Executive Officer of Orica Limited (a global

mining services and chemicals company) from

2001 until September 2005. Prior to joining

Orica, he held a number of senior positions at

North Limited, including: Managing

Managing Director

and an Operating Partner of First Reserve,

a large global energy focused private equity

firm, from 2009 until 2015, during which

he served on the boards of First Reserve’s

investee companies, including as Chair

of Amromco Energy LLC and White Rose

Energy Ventures LLP. John retired from the

boards of Weir Group Plc and one of First

Reserve’s portfolio companies, DOF Subsea

AS, in 2018, and is currently a non-executive

director of ERM Worldwide Group Limited.

Other directorships and offices

(current and recent):

• Non-executive Director of ERM Worldwide

Group Limited (since 2015)

• Former Non-executive Director of Network

Rail Limited (from 2016 to 2017)

• Former: Managing

Letter of appointment

The Board has adopted a: letter of appointment that contains the terms on which Non-executive

Dear Shareholders,

I am pleased to introduce BHP’s Remuneration Report for the

financial year to 30 June 2020, which is my first since assuming

the Remuneration Committee Chair role, and I am looking forward

to engaging with shareholders as the Committee undertakes its work.

During FY2020, the Committee has continued its focus on achieving

remuneration outcomes that fairly reflect the performance of BHP,

and which are aligned to the interests of shareholders and other

key stakeholders.

FY2020 has been an unprecedented year, with the COVID-19

pandemic having widespread impacts on lives, society and the

global economy. In the face of this, BHP employees have rallied in

line with the Group’s purpose and values, working very effectively

to keep the business running and performing strongly, and keeping

each other safe.

I would like to thank my predecessor as Remuneration Committee

Chair, Carolyn Hewson, for her leadership and for establishing a

Committee with a strong foundation of policies, principles and

practices upon which our decisions are able to be made. This is

especially so in the unpredictable times in which we find ourselves.

We have also made other changes to the Committee this year. New

Directors Gary Goldberg and Dion Weisler have joined Anita Frew

and Shriti Vadera on the Committee and I would like to thank all

members for their contributions.

Remuneration policy

The Committee sought and received approval from shareholders

at last year’s AGMs for a revised remuneration policy, with almost

94 per cent of votes in favour, and we believe the policy will serve

stakeholders well. The key changes approved for the CEO were:

• A change in the balance of incentive arrangements comprising:

– a significantly reduced LTIP grant size of 200 per cent of base

salary (on a face value basis), down from 400 per cent

– a CDP with a longer term focus than the former STIP. The CDP

outcome is delivered one-third as a cash award, with two-thirds

delivered in equity, as two-year and five-year deferred share

awards each of equivalent value to the cash award. This aligns

participants’ incentive remuneration with performance over

the short, medium and long-term

These two changes in combination did not materially alter the

target value or vesting profile of incentive remuneration, but

resulted in a 12 per cent reduction in the maximum possible

remuneration for a year.

• A significant reduction in the pension contribution rate to

10 per cent of base salary, down from 25 per cent (noting that

the estimated workforce average is approximately 11.5 per cent

of base salary). As a result of this change, fixed remuneration for

the CEO role has been reduced by 12 per cent and overall target

remuneration reduced by 4 per cent.

• The introduction of a two-year post-retirement

shareholding requirement.

While these changes took effect from 1 July 2019, existing short-

and long-term equity awards made under prior policies remain

on foot and will vest, subject to existing service and performance

conditions, over coming years.

We were also pleased to again receive strong support for our

overall Remuneration Report from shareholders at the 2019

AGMs, with approximately 96 per cent voting ‘for’ the report.

This continues our strong shareholder support over the past five

years, where on average almost 97 per cent have voted in favour.

The Committee strives to implement the remuneration policy

in a considered way:

• We test the CEO’s remuneration against CEO roles in other global

companies of similar complexity, size, reach and industry. The

remuneration also reflects the CEO’s responsibilities, location,

skills, performance, qualifications and experience. This detailed

benchmarking ensures BHP’s executive remuneration packages

are competitive enough to attract and retain talented executives,

without being excessive. External benchmarking shows the CEO’s

target remuneration package is below the average for similar

global companies and importantly, can only be realised as actual

remuneration if performance targets are met.

• The CEO’s remuneration is deliberately tied to the performance

of the business, with the majority of remuneration delivered in

BHP shares, not cash. The CEO also has a minimum shareholding

requirement of five times pre-tax base salary, which continues for

two years post-retirement. This aligns the CEO to the experience

of BHP’s shareholders.

• The exercise of reasonable downward discretion has been

a feature of BHP’s approach over many years where the status

quo or a formulaic outcome does not align with the overall

shareholder experience, and this remains unchanged.

The Committee is focussed on having and applying a remuneration

policy and approach that supports the Group’s strategy and enables

us to attract, retain and motivate the executives critical to delivering

the best outcomes for all of BHP’s stakeholders. In addition, the

Committee is cognisant of the need to navigate the priorities

of differing jurisdictions.

COVID-19

In early 2020, BHP began to experience the impacts of the

COVID-19 pandemic. All BHP employees have come together as

one team to deal with the issues faced and despite the challenges,

BHP’s results have been strong. The CEO and other ELT members

have provided strong and effective leadership through this period,

and the Committee is proud of the way BHP’s employees have

found new ways of working, collaborated to solve problems,

supported each other and their communities, and aligned

around a common goal.

Despite the challenges the COVID-19 pandemic has presented,

in FY2020 BHP has not needed to furlough any employees

without pay, has not sought any government assistance, and

did not raise additional equity. In addition, BHP’s strong, safe

operational performance through this year, together with solid

profitability, enabled the Board to announce a robust final dividend

payable to shareholders in September 2020. This follows a

record interim dividend paid to shareholders in March 2020,

and continues the delivery of strong and consistent returns

to shareholders. The COVID-19 pandemic increased costs and

reduced volumes during FY2020, which negatively impacted

executive remuneration outcomes.

The Committee believes the remuneration

outcomes for FY2020 reflect an appropriate

alignment between pay and performance

during the year and are also fair in terms

of the global context in which decisions

have been made.

Susan Kilsby

Chair, Remuneration Committee

3.1 Annual statement by the Remuneration Committee Chair

142 BHP Annual Report 2020:

letter of appointment for Non-executive Directors is available at bhp.com. The Board has adopted a policy consistent with

the UK Corporate Governance Code, under which all Non-executive Directors must seek re-election by shareholders annually if they wish

to remain on the Board. As such, no Non-executive Directors seeking re-election have an unexpired term in their: letter of appointment.

A Non-executive

