letter and various further e-mail

correspondence from Ms Elsie Parkin, a shareholder in Brikor, requesting a shareholders’ meeting in terms of

the Companies Act, no 71 of 2008 and Brikor’s Memorandum of Incorporation.

Ms Elsie Parkin indicated that she holds more than 10% of the voting rights of Brikor and that she has been

mandated by the following shareholders in the Company, namely the Elgar Share Trust, the Daniel Parkin

Testamentary Trust and the Milan Rautenbach Testamentary Trust, to request a shareholders’ meeting of Brikor.

The request for a shareholders’ meeting is to consider the following matters:

•

the removal of Mr Allan Pellow, Mr Garnett Parkin and Mr AP van der Merwe as directors of Brikor; and

•

the appointment of Mr Norman Hornby, Dr Tanya Hendry and Mr Rod Mattheyse as directors of Brikor.

The request to call a shareholders meeting has for various reasons not been approved by the Independent

Board of Brikor and, accordingly, the Company will, in accordance with the provisions of section 61(5) of the

Companies Act, apply to court for an order setting aside the request for a shareholders’ meeting on the grounds

that the request is frivolous and/or otherwise vexatious.

Report to stakeholders

continued:

Managing Director and

CEO of Crawford and Company SA for the last 12

years. Prior to this appointment, he was a director and

partner at Prinsloo Hornby Inc. He has vast experience in

litigation and other fields of law.

External appointments: Director at Chedza International

Loss Adjusters and Crawford Attorneys

Board Committee membership: Member of the

Remuneration Committee; member of the Nomination

Committee

Tanya Hendry (36)

Tanya Hendry is an advocate of the High Court of South

Africa, a member of Chartered Institute of Arbitrators

(UK), Association of Arbitrators of Southern Africa and

a member of Construction Law (UK). Tanya is a director

of CSSI Construction Support Services International

and has held various other legal consulting positions at

numerous companies.

External appointments: Director at CSSI Construction

Support Services International, Jamiwave, Pedmore

Close Home Owners Association and TN Hendry

Board Committee membership: Chairperson of the

Social and Ethics Committee; member of the Nomination

Committee

Garnett Parkin (37)

Garnett’s

academic

record

includes

Cambridge

University syllabus matriculation, an Entrepreneurship

Certificate from Potchefstroom University with Financial

Management and Business Management as main

subjects, International Hotel School Tourism and Front

Office Management (accredited by the American Hotel

& Lodging Association), a Leadership Development and

Junior Management Certificate from the University of

Stellenbosch’s Business School as well as completed

Business Management, Public Administration, English,

Communications and Economics at Unisa.

In 2003, Garnett started his career at Brikor as

administration manager where, over time, he contributed

to the establishment of Brikor’s procurement department,

successfully managed the debtors and creditors portfolios

throughout Brikor and attended to cash flow and capital

expenditure management, as well as procurement across

all the divisional businesses. On the passing of the late

Garnett van Niekerk Parkin in January 2015, Garnett,

was appointed as acting Chief Executive Officer and as

Chief Executive Officer on 11 November 2015.

External appointments: None

Joaret Botha (32)

Joaret completed her articles at KPMG Inc and stayed

on at KPMG Inc as an Audit Manager. She was part

of the Brikor audit team, where she gained a deep

understanding of the Group. Joaret has been the

Financial Manager of Brikor since November 2019 and

was appointed as Financial Director on 29 June 2020.

External appointments: None

Board of Directors

continued

NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Ages as at 31 July 2020:

letter and management’s response thereto;

•

considering problems, reservations and observations arising from the external auditors’ interim and final audit;

•

considering differences of opinion between management and auditors, including unrecorded errors or differences found

by the external auditors; and

•

evaluating the performance of external auditors and the audit fee.

Financial statements and results

The Committee oversees integrated reporting, and in particular the Committee must: –

•

have regard to all factors and risks that may impact on the integrity of the Integrated Annual Report, including factors

that may predispose management to present a misleading picture, significant judgements and reporting decisions made,

monitoring or enforcement actions by a regulatory body, any evidence that brings into question previously published

information, forward-looking statements or information;

•

review the annual financial statements, interim reports, preliminary or provisional result announcements, summarised

integrated information, any other intended release of price-sensitive information and prospectuses, trading statements

and similar documents;

•

comment in the annual financial statements on the financial statements, the accounting practices and the effectiveness

of the internal financial controls with regard to:

–

accounting policies adopted and any changes in accounting policies and practices;

–

significant financial estimates based on judgement which are included in the financial statements;

–

the appropriateness of major adjustments processed at the interim and at year-end;

–

the going concern assumption;

for the year ended 29 February 2020

Report of the Audit and Risk Committee

continued:

letter, the audit plan and the budgeted audit fees payable to

the external auditors.

• No non-audit services were provided by the external auditors during the 2020 financial year.

Quality of

external audit

• The quality of the audit has been of a high standard with independence and objectivity always at the

forefront.

Approval of

annual and

interim financial

statements

• Considered the accounting treatments and the appropriateness of the accounting policies. The

accounting policies applied in the 2020 financial statements are consistent with those applied in the

prior year.

• Reviewed a documented assessment by management of the going concern premise of the Company

and the Group before recommending to the Board that the Company and the Group will be going

concerns in the foreseeable future.

• Met separately with management and external auditors and was satisfied that there were no material

control weaknesses.

• Reviewed the representation: letter relating to the consolidated and separate financial statements.

• After the reporting date, the reportable irregularities pertaining to the non-submission of annual tax

returns, as required by the Income Tax At, No 58 of 1962, and non-compliance with section 30 of the

Companies Act in terms of preparing and approving of the statutory annual financial statements within

six month after the end of its financial year of the individual annual financial statements have been

finalised and audited. The 2020 financial statements, therefore, contain no reportable irregularities.

• Examined the interim and annual financial information made public, prior to their approval by the

Board.

for the year ended 29 February 2020

Report of the Audit and Risk Committee

continued

letter of representation/: letter of electronic participation or they must provide the CSDP or broker with

their voting instructions in terms of the relevant custody agreement/mandate entered into between them and

the CSDP or broker.

In the interest of efficiency, shareholders are kindly requested to submit completed forms of proxy at the

office of the meeting scrutineers of the Company, The Meeting Specialist on proxy@tmsmeetings.co.za or

alternatively contact them on +27 11 520 7952/0/1, by 10:00 on Wednesday, 4 November 2020. Any forms

of proxy not lodged by this time must be emailed to the meeting scrutineers of the AGM immediately prior to

the proxy exercising a shareholder’s right virtually at the AGM.

Please note that a proxy may delegate his/her authority to act on a shareholder’s behalf to another person,

subject to the restrictions set out in the attached form of proxy as stipulated in section 58(3)(b) of the Companies

Act.

Unless revoked before then, a signed proxy form shall remain valid at any adjournment or postponement of the

AGM and the proxy so appointed shall be entitled to vote, as indicated on the proxy form, on any resolution

(including any resolution which is amended).

Equity securities held by a share trust or scheme [and unlisted securities] will not have their votes taken into

account at the AGM for the purposes of resolutions proposed in terms of the JSE Listings Requirements.

Letter of Representation to participate in the virtual AGM and vote, or, if they do not wish to participate in the meeting in person, but wish to be

represented thereat, provide their CSDP or broker with their voting instructions in terms of the relevant custody agreement entered into between them and their CSDP

or broker in the manner and cut-off time stipulated therein.

An ordinary shareholder entitled to participate and vote at the AGM at 10:00 on Friday, 6 November 2020 is entitled to appoint a proxy to participate, speak or vote

thereat in his/her stead. A proxy need not be a shareholder of the Company.

All forms of proxy must ideally, for administrative purposes, be received by The Meeting Specialist, by 10:00 on Wednesday, 4 November 2020, failing which they may be

electronically submitted to the meeting scrutineers on proxy@tmsmeetings.co.za prior to the proxies exercising any shareholder rights at the AGM.

I/We (please print name in full)

of (address)

Telephone work:

Telephone home:

being an ordinary shareholder(s) of the Company holding ordinary shares in the Company do hereby appoint

1.

or failing him/her

2.

or failing him/her

the Chairperson of the AGM as my/our proxy to act for me/us at the virtual AGM of the Company to be held on Friday, 6 November 2020 and at any adjournment

thereof, for the purpose of considering, and, if deemed fit, to vote for or against the resolution with or without modification and/or to abstain from voting thereon, in

respect of ordinary shares in the issued capital of the Company registered in my/our name(s) in accordance with the following instructions:

Number of votes

(one per share)

For

Against

Abstain

Ordinary resolution number 1:

Re-appointment of Mr Allan Pellow as an Independent Non-Executive Director

Ordinary resolution number 2:

Appointment of Mr Dries Ferreira as an Independent Non-Executive Director

Ordinary resolution number 3:

Appointment of Mr Steve Naudé as an Independent Non-Executive Director

Ordinary resolution number 4:

Appointment of Dr Tanya Hendry as a Non-Executive Director

Ordinary resolution number 5:

Appointment of Mr Norman Hornby as a Non-Executive Director

Ordinary resolution number 6:

Appointment of Ms Joaret Botha as Financial Director

Ordinary resolution number 7:

Appointment of auditors, Nexia SAB&T, represented by Aadila Aboobaker

Ordinary resolution number 8:

Appointment of Mr Steve Naudé as member and Chairperson of the Audit and Risk Committee

Ordinary resolution number 9:

Appointment of Mr Dries Ferreira as member of the Audit and Risk Committee

Ordinary resolution number 10: Appointment of Ms Mamsy Mokate as member of the Audit and Risk Committee

Ordinary resolution number 11:

The authorised and unissued ordinary share capital of the company be and is hereby placed under

the control of the directors

Ordinary resolution number 12: General authority to allot and issue ordinary shares for cash

Ordinary resolution number 13:

Non-binding endorsement of Brikor’s Remuneration Policy

Ordinary resolution number 14:

Non-binding endorsement of Brikor’s Remuneration Implementation Report

Special resolution number 1:

General authority to the Company to repurchase its own shares

Special resolution number 2:

Approval of retrospective Non-Executive Directors’ fees

Special resolution number 3:

Approval of Non-Executive Directors’ fees

Special resolution number 4:

Section 45 authority to provide financial assistance to companies related to or inter-related to Brikor

Special resolution number 5:

Section 44 authority to provide financial assistance to companies related to or inter-related to Brikor

Insert an “X” in the appropriate block. If no indications are given, the proxy will vote as he/she deems fit. Each member entitled to participate and vote at the

meeting may appoint one or more proxies (who need not be a member of the Company) to attend, speak and vote in his/her stead.

Signed at

on

2020

Signature

Assisted by (where applicable)

Please read the notes on the reverse side hereof.

Registration number: 1998/013247/06 • Incorporated in the

Republic of South Africa • JSE code: BIK • ISIN: ZAE000101945

(“Brikor” or “the Company” or “the Group”)

Brikor Limited

FORM OF PROXY:

