managing director at the beginning of 2007, a position

he held until the end of 2010. Mr Tolcher remained a director of

that company until September 2011. Since November 2011, Mr

Tolcher has been self-employed as an independent Non-Executive

Director and holds directorships within a number of other fund

structures domiciled in Guernsey, including a number listed on

the London Stock Exchange and the International Stock Exchange.

Mr Tolcher is a Chartered Fellow of the Chartered Institute for

Securities & Investment. Mr Tolcher is a British citizen and is a

resident of Guernsey.

Mr Tolcher was appointed as non-executive chairman of Gemfields

on 25 November 2019.

SEAN GILBERTSON (48)

BSc (Mining Engineering)

Chief Executive Officer − Executive Director

Sean Gilbertson graduated as a mining engineer from Wits University

in South Africa, having spent time in the country’s deep-level gold

and platinum mines. Mr Gilbertson worked as a project financier

for Deutsche Bank in Frankfurt and London, specialising in

independent power projects and public–private partnerships.

In 1998, Mr Gilbertson co-founded globalCOAL, a company that

played a central role in the commoditisation of the thermal coal

industry, and was appointed chief executive officer in 2001 when

the business was acquired by industry players, including Anglo

American plc, BHP Billiton plc, Glencore International AG and

Rio Tinto plc. He was also co-founder of the pioneering Spectron

eMetals trading platform for category I and II members of the

London Metals Exchange.

Mr Gilbertson was a co-founder of the Pallinghurst Group in 2005

and bore responsibility for Pallinghurst’s coloured gemstone strategy

from 2006 to 2017. After the unbundling of the Pallinghurst

Group in 2017/18, Mr Gilbertson was appointed CEO of

Gemfields Group Limited on 31 March 2018 and remains CEO

of Gemfields Limited, Fabergé Limited and Kagem Mining

Limited, on whose boards he has served for more than a decade.

Mr Gilbertson is a British and South African citizen.

Board of Directors:

managing director in

November and holding the first trustee board meeting in

December, ahead of launch in January 2021.

The board is independently chaired by private wealth and family

office executive Philippe Lamblin. The remaining six trustees are

Singapore-based Richa Goyal Sikri, a business strategist, journalist,

gem enthusiast and curator of related travel experiences; chairman

of Kagem Mining Limited, Dr Sixtus Mulenga; chairman of

Montepuez Ruby Mining, Samora Machel Jr.; Gemfields’ CEO,

Sean Gilbertson; its Director of Sustainability, Policy & Risk, Jack

Cunningham; and Director of Marketing & Communications

(and Gemfields Foundation: Managing

