DEAR SHAREHOLDERS

I introduced last year’s annual report with a discussion on

the need for a strong and clear purpose, values and strategy

underpinned by a robust and aligned culture. These are the

essential requirements for a sustainable business. 2020 has

provided a perfect example of this.

From a positive outlook at the beginning of the year, Covid-19

emerged as an unprecedented challenge for the world. At

Glencore, we moved quickly to adapt our business and protect

and support our people and communities. This involved a range

of measures across our businesses depending on the incidence

of Covid-19 and the regulations and expectations of governments,

employees and communities that host our operations.

Demand for our commodities and prices fell rapidly early in

the year. This required difficult decisions around continuing

production at uneconomic operations and the collateral impact

on employees and nearby communities. At a group level the

rapid shift in markets led us to suspend our proposed distribution

to shareholders to protect our capital structure and accelerate

a reduction of Net debt back to within our $10-$16bn target range

which was successfully achieved ($15.8bn) by year end. Managing

the impacts of Covid-19 on the effective operation of our

governance and control mechanisms was also critical. We had to

ensure that our reporting and assurance procedures – whether

across human resources, accounting, compliance or elsewhere –

would continue to operate robustly through these times of

exceptional stress and often remote working requirements.

The combination of empowered business leaders and central

governance and support meant that our businesses were able

to react in the most appropriate way for their situation while

adhering to our required Group standards.

In spite of this challenging backdrop, we were able to ensure

that our strategic priorities were progressed, including:

Succession: Ivan Glasenberg’s retirement during the first half

of this year will complete the succession plan for the senior

business leadership team. To have your CEO and principal

senior business leaders retire within a period of two and a half

years would normally be considered a material risk for business

continuity. However, it is a testament to Ivan and his former

partners that they have managed a seamless succession to

the next generation of leaders, whom I am confident have the

abilities to lead the Company into the world of tomorrow.

Our CEO designate, Gary Nagle, has been with Glencore for more

than 20 years. He understands the unique aspects of this business

and culture and I have every confidence he will build on the

strong foundation that he inherits.

After nine years’ service as a Director we were very sorry to

see Lenny Fischer retire at year end, but we were delighted

to welcome Cynthia Carroll as a new Director (see page 86).

Culture: the Board is determined to ensure that Glencore is, and

is seen to be, a responsible and ethical company with a positive

culture. As well as overseeing and supporting the considerable

ongoing work on ethics and compliance, including the rollout

of the Purpose and Values campaign, the Board has sought

to increase direct engagement with our workforce through

virtual meetings and workforce surveys. Our work last year is

summarised on pages 24 to 26 and 29. Stakeholders can expect

to see more from us on this in the future.

Investigations: the Board, through its Investigations Committee,

is continuing to manage the Company’s response to the

government investigations (see page 212) and the Company

continues to fully cooperate with the various authorities. The timing

and outcome of the various investigations remain uncertain.

Climate Change: we also announced our ambition to be a leader

in enabling the decarbonisation of energy usage. In doing so,

we recognise our responsibility to contribute to the global effort

to achieve the goals of the Paris Agreement by decarbonising

our own operational footprint. Unique amongst our peers, we

have announced our commitment to reduce our total emissions

footprint – Scope 1, 2 and 3 – by 40% by 2035 on 2019 levels and

our ambition of achieving a net zero total emissions footprint

by 2050, thereby putting us on a trajectory aligned with the

Paris Agreement.

With the transition of leadership from Ivan to Gary, we will

complete the final part of the generational shift to a new

executive team. The Board believes that we have exceptional new

management in place to continue to drive our business forward.

Global society is facing the challenge of meeting the increasing

energy needs of a growing population, while radically reducing

its carbon footprint. We believe that we have an important role

to play in this endeavour and that by implementing our strategy

we will responsibly source the commodities that advance

everyday life for the benefit of the world as a whole.

Anthony Hayward

Chairman

10 March 2021

Anthony Hayward

Chairman

Financial statements

Governance

Glencore Annual Report 2020

1

Strategic report

Additional information:

DEAR SHAREHOLDERS

2020 has seen a marked acceleration in the focus on

Environmental, Social and Governance issues, and increasing

expectations for transparent and consistent reporting on these

topics. The actions of the extractives sector necessarily draw

intense scrutiny from stakeholders and third parties. Companies

such as ours must work hard to meet society’s reasonable

expectations as to our activities and impacts.

A major challenge for the investment community is the

current alphabet soup of differing reporting requirements

and the varying expectations of stakeholders on ESG matters.

We are actively contributing to this debate and look forward

to progress on a consensus for the requirements for a single

reporting framework.

As the CEO and I have emphasised at the beginning of this

report, Glencore has an important and critical role in helping the

world achieve the goals of the Paris Agreement. Decarbonising

the global energy system requires a significant increase in the

supply of the metals needed to electrify energy usage.

The challenges in the resources sector require strong leadership

and the Board has worked with Ivan over the past two and a half

years to oversee a seamless transition to the next generation of

leaders across Glencore’s business. We are confident that Gary

Nagle, as our next CEO, has the right skill set and qualities to

lead the Glencore of the future. We have now announced the

completion of our management succession plan which by

June this year will have seen all of the senior departmental

management team in place at the time of the Company’s IPO

replaced by internal successors.

A significant succession process is also being undertaken within

the Board. At the end of last year Leonard Fischer retired, whom

I thank again for his significant contribution to the Board across

nine years, in particular as chair of the Audit Committee and

through his insights on financial risk management. In the last

12 months we have been joined by Kalidas Madhavpeddi and

Cynthia Carroll. We are extremely pleased to have secured such

strong industry experts. We recognise the importance of avoiding

groupthink and maintaining strong independence and variety of

thought in the boardroom, but this must not be at the expense

of considerable industry knowledge and our Board continues to

reflect this. As we evolve the membership of our Board, we will

continue to look to ensure that we have an appropriate mix of

skills, experience and background.

As noted last year, the 2018 UK Corporate Governance Code (the

Code) provides that the chairman should be subject to a nine year

term limit from first appointment as a director. However, the

Board recommended to shareholders that I remain as Chairman

while the senior management succession is concluded and for

the ongoing investigations. We have consulted with a number

of our leading shareholders regarding this issue and they support

a second and final extension to my term as a Chairman which

the Board will recommend to shareholders. I will step down at the

latest by next year’s AGM. A search for my successor is underway.

The Board continued to focus during 2020 on a range of ESG

issues including:

Firstly, as I commented on page 1, the various investigations

continue and we remain focussed on having the appropriate

governance and oversight over our response through our

Investigations Committee.

Secondly, since his appointment as General Counsel five years ago,

Shaun Teichner has worked tirelessly to improve our compliance

function across the Group so that it can be considered world class

and support a strong ethical culture across the Group. Having

made great strides in this area, last year we reached the point

where it was important to have a leader of this function whose

sole responsibilities are for compliance. The Company therefore

last year appointed a separate Head of Compliance, Daniel Silver.

At every set of Board and Committee meetings, we carefully

review the progress of our ethics and compliance programme

and in another session, oversee our Raising Concerns programme

and its related investigations. The Board also separately receives

training on material compliance issues. We have also expanded

our reporting on compliance and I would encourage stakeholders

to consider this carefully – see pages 38 to 43.

Thirdly, Peter Freyberg, as Head of Industrial Assets, continues

to provide energetic leadership on HSEC matters, strongly

supported by our HSEC-Human Rights team. I also encourage

careful reading of our work in this area, including the summaries

in our Sustainability section – page 32 – and HSEC Committee

report – page 96. With regard to health and safety, while certain of

our operations have particular HSEC challenges, we believe these

are surmountable and are targeting continued improvement, not

only to the crucial and humbling fatality number, but also across

all sustainability measures for those businesses. Management’s

work on simplifying our business through the planned disposal

of certain of our ‘tail’ assets will also assist with this.

Anthony Hayward

Chairman

86 Glencore Annual Report 2020:

letter from the FRC relating to

the Group’s 2019 annual report and accounts. The Committee

reviewed and agreed the comprehensive response proposed

by management, with input from the external auditor, to the

questions raised by the FRC.

Following further correspondence the questions were answered,

see Corporate Reporting Review on page 94.

3. Covid-19

Impact assessment in accordance with the FRC guidance. The

Committee considered at each of its meetings from May (having

first discussed at Board level in April) the risks to management

accounting and internal controls processes becoming challenged

due to the effects of Covid, including relocation of staff and

inaccessibility of some business locations. The Committee

reviewed the Group’s financial reporting framework and controls

structure and considered the potential impact and mitigating

controls that could be applied in respect of its critical controls.

Certain controls around significant risk areas were considered in

respect of reporting at Group level, controls concerning the

marketing and industrial businesses and our critical IT infrastructure.

4. Impairments

The Committee considered whether the carrying value of

goodwill, industrial assets, physical trade positions and material

loans and advances may be impaired as a result of commodity

price volatility and some asset specific factors including the

impact of climate change. The Committee reviewed

management’s reports, outlining the basis for the key

assumptions used in calculating the recoverable value for the

Group’s assets. Future performance assumptions used are derived

from the Board-approved business plan. As part of the process for

approval of this plan, the Committee considered the feasibility of

strategic plans underpinning future performance expectations,

and whether they remain achievable. Considerable focus was

applied to management’s commodity price and exchange rate

assumptions and their sensitivities within the models. The Group’s

coal assets in Australia, Colombia and South Africa, copper assets

in central Africa, the Volcan business in Peru, the Koniambo nickel

asset in New Caledonia and the oil assets in Africa have been

subject to particular scrutiny. In relation to coal, there continues to

be particular focus around the price outlook and climate change

related risks.

5. Taxation

Due to its global reach, including operating in many higher-risk

jurisdictions, the Group is subject to enhanced complexity and

uncertainty in accounting for income taxes, particularly the

evaluation of tax exposures and recoverability of deferred tax

assets. The Committee has engaged with management to

understand the potential tax exposures globally and the key

estimates taken in determining the positions recorded,

including the status of communications with local tax

authorities and the carrying values of deferred tax assets.

The African copper assets and tax risk exposures in the UK

have been particular areas of focus.

6. Counterparty exposures

The Group’s global operations expose it to credit and performance

risk, which result in the requirement to make estimates around

recoverability of receivables, loans, trade advances and contractual

non-performance. As part of an ongoing review, the Committee

considered material continuing exposures, the robustness of

processes followed to evaluate recoverability and whether the

amounts recorded in the financial statements are reasonable.

Exposures arising from oil marketing posing particular risk due to

the effects of the steep fall in the price of oil earlier in the year were

considered in particular.

7. Other material issues

These included going concern and long-term viability

assessments. The Committee was satisfied with the going

concern and longer-term viability conclusions reached as set out

on page 72.

INTERNAL AND EXTERNAL AUDIT

The Committee monitored the internal audit function as

described under Internal Audit on page 71.

The Committee assesses the quality and effectiveness of the

external audit process on an annual basis in conjunction with the

senior management team. Key areas of focus include

consideration of the quality and robustness of the audit,

identification of and response to areas of risk and the experience

and expertise of the audit team, including the lead audit partner.

The application of the FRC’s Revised Ethical Standard 2019, from

1 January 2021, has introduced significantly extended restrictions

regarding the use of the Company’s external auditor for non-audit

services, to preserve the auditor’s independence. This has largely

overtaken the Group’s non-audit services policy, although this is

still maintained.

For 2020, fees paid to the external auditor were $28 million,

including total non-audit fees of $4 million; further details are

contained in note 29 to the financial statements.

The Committee has commenced a tender process for the

appointment of the Company’s external auditor. This process will

be completed this year and the appointment will be with effect

from the audit of the financial statements for 2022.

Kalidas Madhavpeddi

Chair of the Audit Committee

10 March 2021

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

continued

98 Glencore Annual Report 2020:

letter of appointment for Non-Executive Directors

are available for inspection at Company’s registered office

address as noted on page 243.

The annual fees are paid in accordance with a Non-Executive

Director’s role and responsibilities. The Chairman’s fee is inclusive

of all his committee responsibilities. The fees payable for 2021,

which are unchanged from 2020, are as follows:

US$‘000

Directors

Chairman

1,150

Senior Independent Director

200

Non-Executive Director

135

Committee Fees:

ECC

Member

50

Remuneration

Chair

45

Member

25

Audit

Chair

60

Member

35

Nomination

Chair

40

Member

20

HSEC

Chair

125

Member

40

Investigations

Member

40

Part B – Implementation Report

IMPLEMENTATION REPORT – UNAUDITED

INFORMATION

Remuneration Committee

Membership and experience of the Remuneration

Committee

The members of the Committee provide a useful balance of skills,

experience and perspectives to provide the critical analysis

required in carrying out the Committee’s function. Each of Messrs

John Mack, Martin Gilbert, and Kalidas Madhavpeddi has had a

long career in the management of large organisations and

therefore provides considerable experience of remuneration

analysis and implementation. All members of the Remuneration

Committee are considered to be independent. Further details

concerning independence of the Non-Executive Directors are

contained on pages 90 and 91.

Role of the Remuneration Committee

The terms of reference of the Committee set out its role. They are

available on the Company’s website at:

glencore.com/who-we-are/governance

Its principal responsibilities are, on behalf of the Board, to:

• Regularly review the appropriateness and relevance of the

Remuneration Policy

• Determine and agree with the Board the framework for the

remuneration of the Company’s Chairman, the Chief Executive

and the Executive Directors

• Establish the remuneration package for the Executive Directors

including the scope of pension benefits

• Determine the remuneration package for the Chairman,

in consultation with the Chief Executive

• Determine the policy for senior management remuneration

• Oversee schemes of performance related remuneration

(including share incentive plans), and determine awards for

the Executive Directors (as appropriate)

• Ensure that the contractual terms on termination for the

Executive Directors are fair and not excessive

The Committee considers corporate performance on HSEC and

governance issues when setting remuneration for the Executive

Director. Additionally, the Committee seeks to ensure that the

incentive structure for the Group’s senior management does not

raise HSEC or governance risks by inadvertently promoting and/or

rewarding behaviours that are not aligned with the Group policies,

values and culture.

Strategic report

Financial statements

Additional information

Glencore Annual Report 2020 109

Governance:

letter

In our opinion, the part of the Directors’ Remuneration Report to be audited has been properly prepared in accordance with the

provisions of the UK Companies Act 2006 as if that Act had applied to the company.

Corporate Governance Statement

Based on the work undertaken as part of our audit, we have concluded that each of the following elements of the Corporate

Governance Statement is materially consistent with the financial statements and our knowledge obtained during the audit:

• the directors’ statement with regards to the appropriateness of adopting the going concern basis of accounting and any material

uncertainties identified set out on page 114;

• the directors’ explanation as to their assessment of the Group’s prospects, the period this assessment covers and why the period is

appropriate set out on pages 72-73;

• the directors’ statement on fair, balanced and understandable set out on page 115;

• the board’s confirmation that it has carried out a robust assessment of the emerging and principal risks set out on page 72;

• the section of the annual report that describes the review of effectiveness of risk management and internal control systems set out on

pages 70-84, and

• the section describing the work of the audit committee set out on pages 97-98.

MATTERS ON WHICH WE ARE REQUIRED TO REPORT BY EXCEPTION

Adequacy of explanations received and accounting records

Under the Companies (Jersey) Law, 1991 we are required to report to you if, in our opinion:

• we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit; or

• proper accounting records have not been kept by the parent company, or proper returns

adequate for our audit have not been received from branches not visited by us, or

• the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns.

We have nothing to report in this

regard.

Strategic report

Governance

Additional information

Glencore Annual Report 2020 129

Financial statements:

letter of credit on behalf of Glencore and act as the paying party upon delivery of

product by the supplier and Glencore will subsequently settle the liability directly with the financial institution, generally from 30 up

to 120 days after physical supply. Judgement is required to determine the most appropriate classification and presentation of these

transactions within the statements of cash flows and financial position. In determining the appropriate classification, management

considers the underlying economic substance of the transaction and the significance of the financing element to the transaction.

Typically, the economic substance of the transaction is determined to be operating in nature as the financing element is

insignificant and the time frame in which the original arrangement is extended by, is consistent and within supply terms commonly

provided in the market. As a result, the entire cash flow is presented as operating in the statement of cash flow with a corresponding

trade payable in the statement of financial position. As at 31 December 2020, trade payables include $7,178 million (2019:

$5,687 million) of such liabilities arising from supplier financing arrangements, the weighted average of which have extended the

settlement of the original payable to 91 days (2019: 86 days) after physical supply and are due for settlement 46 days (2019: 38 days)

after year end. There was no significant exposure to any individual financial institution under these arrangements. These payables

are not included within net funding and net debt as defined in the APMs section.

(iii) Critical judgement related to investigations by regulatory and enforcement authorities (note 31)

138 Glencore Annual Report 2020:

letter of credit or b) the guarantor by way of issuing a bank guarantee accepting responsibility

for Glencore’s contractual obligations. Similarly, Glencore is required to post rehabilitation and pension guarantees in respect

of some of these future, primarily industrial, long-term obligations. As at 31 December 2020, $6,334 million (2019: $9,628 million)

of procurement and $4,138 million (2019: $3,953 million) of rehabilitation and pension commitments have been issued on behalf

of Glencore, which will generally be settled simultaneously with the payment for such commodity and rehabilitation and

pension obligations.

ASTRON RELATED COMMITMENTS

As part of the regulatory approval process pertaining to the acquisition of a 75% shareholding in Astron Energy, Glencore and Astron

Energy entered into certain commitments (subject to variation for good cause) with the South Africa Competition Tribunal and the

South African Economic Development Department. These commitments include investment expenditure of up to ZAR 6.5 billion

($446 million) over the period to 2024 so as to debottleneck and improve the performance of the Cape Town oil refinery, contribute

to the rebranding of certain retail sites and establish a development fund to support small and black-owned businesses in Astron

Energy’s value chain. In addition, Glencore has agreed to increase the level of BEE shareholding in Astron Energy from 25% to 35%

in tranches up to 2026 which will include a minimum additional 3% held by qualifying employee stock ownership plans in 2021.

Strategic report

Governance

Additional information

Glencore Annual Report 2020 211

Financial statements:

