letter was received 30 November 2020.

•

Ministry of Tourism and Environment authorised the environmental management plan for the DFS drilling on Kore’s DX

Project on 14 October 2020, a further formal confirmation: letter was received on 27 November 2020.

Workstreams initiated with RoC authorities

•

On 21 January 2020, Kore Potash through its subsidiary SPSA submitted to the Ministry of Mines a draft Shareholders

agreement for comment.

•

On 27 March 2020, Kore Potash through its subsidiary SPSA submitted to the Ministry of Mines the annual mining activity

report for information, as required by the Mining Convention.

•

On 30 April 2020, Kore Potash through its subsidiary SPSA submitted to the Ministry of Mines the French translation of the

Kore quarterly report and project update for information.

•

On 13 May 2020, Kore Potash through its subsidiary SPSA submitted to the Ministry of Mines the French translation of the

Kore announcement of the DX PFS results for information.

•

On 23 June 2020 Kore Potash through its subsidiary SPSA sent a new set a of formal letters to the Ministry of Mines asking

for governmental actions in relation with its permits and is closely monitoring progress:

o Correction to the GPS coordinates appearing in the granting decree of Dougou exploitation permit,

o Transfer of the Dougou exploitation permit from SPSA to DPM,

o Rectify the granting decree of the Kola exploitation Licence to ensure the permit is firstly being attributed to Sintoukola

Potash and then transfer to Kola Potash

o Change to the duration of the Sintoukola 2 exploration permit as it appears on the granting decree, from 2 years to 3

years.

•

On 12 November 2020 Kore Potash through its subsidiary SPSA received a response to its letter dated 23 June 2020. This

letter responded to the following:

o The GPS coordinates appearing in the granting decree of Dougou exploitation permit are regarded as correct and no

correction will be required,

o The transfer of the Dougou exploitation permit from SPSA to DPM is accepted in principle and the Government will

initiate the process

o In order to rectify the granting decree of the Kola exploitation Licence to ensure the permit is firstly being attributed to

Sintoukola Potash and then transfer to Kola Potash, the Government has requested additional supporting documentation

o The change to the duration of the Sintoukola 2 exploration permit as it appears on the granting decree, from 2 years to

3 years, was rejected. The Sintoukola 2 exploration permit has now expired at the end of February 2021 but the Company

is considering reapplying for extension of the permit.

letter of appointment for an initial term of 3 years. The appointment of the non-executive

director may be terminated by the Company giving 1 month notice, by the non-executive director by immediate notice and also in

accordance with the Company’s articles of association.

Indemnifying Officers and Directors and Officers Liability Insurance

The Group has agreed to indemnify the Directors of the Company, against all liabilities to another person that may arise from

their position as directors of the Company and the Group, except where the liability arises out of conduct involving a lack of good

faith.

Appropriate insurance cover is maintained by the Company in respect of its Directors and Officers. During the financial year the

Group agreed to pay an annual insurance premium of USD 96,330 (2019: USD 79,413) in respect of directors’ and officers’

liability and legal expenses’ insurance contracts, for directors, officers and employees of the Company. The insurance premium

relates to:

•

costs and expenses incurred by the relevant officers in defending proceedings, whether civil or criminal and whatever the

outcome; and

•

other liabilities that may arise from their position, with the exception of conduct involving a wilful breach of duty.

Share Dealing Code

The Company has adopted a share dealing code for directors and applicable employees (within the meaning given in the AIM

Rules for Companies) in order to ensure compliance with Rule 21 of the AIM Rules for Companies and the provisions of the

Market Abuse Regulations relating to dealings in the Company’s securities. The Board considers that the Share Dealing Code is

appropriate for a company whose shares are admitted to trading on AIM, the ASX and the JSE.:

Letter of Appointment in place to ensure they clearly

understand the requirements of their role.

o

o Details of executive directors’ service contracts and the

Chairman’s and non-executive directors appointment

letters are provided within the Directors Report, copies of

all of which are also available for inspection by request at

the Company’s registered office during normal business

hours and at the AGM.

o

The number of meetings of the Board and its committees

and the individual attendance by directors is set out within

the Directors Report.

15. When making new appointments, the board should take

into account other demands on directors’ time. Prior to

appointment, significant commitments should be disclosed

with an indication of the time involved. Additional external

appointments should not be undertaken without prior

approval of the board, with the reasons for permitting

significant appointments explained in the annual report.

Full-time executive directors should not take on more than

one non-executive directorship in a FTSE 100 company or

other significant appointment.

Non-executive directors are required to disclose prior

appointments and other significant commitments and are

required to inform the Board of any changes or additional

commitments in a timely manner. Details of the

non-executive external appointments can be found on

pages 26 to 30. Before accepting new appointments, non-

executive directors are required to obtain approval from the

Chairman and the Chairman requires approval from the

whole Board. It is essential that no appointment causes a

conflict of interest or impacts on the Non-Executive

Director’s commitment and time spent with the Group in

their existing appointment. The CEO has no other current

non-executive directorships in a listed entity.

16 All directors should have access to the advice of the

company secretary, who is responsible for advising the

board on all governance matters. Both the appointment

and removal of the company secretary should be a matter

for the whole board.

o All directors have access to the advice and services of the

joint company secretaries and each director, and each

board committee member may take obtain independent

professional advice at the Company’s expense, subject to

prior notification to the other non-executive directors and

the joint company secretaries. The joint company

secretaries are accountable directly to the Board through

the Chairman. The Company currently has two (2) joint

company secretaries, one based in London and one based

in Australia. Both the appointment and removal of the

company secretary is a matter for the whole Board.:

letter of appointment for an

initial term of 3 years (with the exception of the Chairman

whose agreement continues until terminated by the Board

or in accordance with its terms). The appointment of the

non-executive director may be terminated by the Company

giving 1 month notice, by the non-executive director by

immediate notice and also in accordance with the

Company’s Articles of Association.:

letter of appointment. The: letter

summarises the Board’s policies and terms, including remuneration, relevant to the office of director. Directors with special

responsibilities are disclosed within the various committee reports in the Corporate Governance Report on pages 53 to 56.

At the proposal of the

