letter of

the findings.

During the year the compliance function provided reports to

the Management Risk Committee and the Social, Ethics and

Transformation Committee on the level of regulatory compliance

by the Company to the applicable mining and related legislation,

regulations, standards, best practices and codes that have been

identified to be of importance.

The compliance function reports operationally to the Company

Secretary and has regular direct contact with the Chief Financial

Officer, Chief Executive and senior management. In addition, the

compliance function attends key management and governance

meetings.

Annual compliance certificate

The annual compliance certificate confirming the Company’s

compliance with the JSE Listings Requirements for the period was

completed and will be submitted to the JSE on 15 April 2021.

Trading in securities

Kumba has a defined trading in securities policy, which is in

alignment with the JSE Listings Requirements, and sets out

provisions as to how trading is to be conducted by Kumba’s

directors, directors of Kumba’s major subsidiaries, the Company

Secretary and relevant employees when dealing in the Company’s

securities, to prevent the misuse of inside information.

The Kumba policy and JSE Listings Requirements prohibit directors

and relevant employees from trading in any securities relating to

Kumba without obtaining prior approval from the Chairperson of

the Board or other designated directors.

Directors are also required to publicly disclose any dealings in the

Company’s securities by themselves or their associates. The JSE

Listings Requirements has defined closed periods that prohibits

trading in Kumba securities during the following periods:

• the time period from 1 January every year to the date on which

the annual financial results are published (1 January 2020 to

18 February 2020)

• the time period from 1 July every year to the date on which

interim financial results are published (1 July 2020 to 28 July 2020)

• any period when Kumba is trading under a cautionary

announcement; and

• at any time when an individual is in possession of price sensitive

information in relation to Kumba's securities or otherwise where

clearance to deal is not given in terms of paragraph 3.66 of the

JSE Listings Requirements

The prohibition applies equally to the directors, executive and

designated employees’ associates. At the start of a closed

period, directors and employees are formally advised of the

commencement and duration of the closed period. In addition,

ad hoc trading embargoes are imposed on individuals who

possess price-sensitive information of a particular nature, at any

given time, if it is the opinion of Kumba that there exists a risk of

insider trading.

Sponsor

Kumba fully understands the role and responsibilities of the sponsor

stipulated in the JSE Listings Requirements and has cultivated a

good working relationship with its sponsor, Rand Merchant Bank

(RMB). The Company is satisfied that the sponsor has executed its

mandate with due care and diligence for the year under review.

Kumba Iron Ore Limited Integrated Report 2020

95:

Letter from the Chairperson of the Human

Resource and Remuneration Committee (Remco)

The successful development and execution of any organisation’s

strategy for long-term value creation depends ultimately on

the quality of its people and its leadership team. Attracting,

motivating and retaining the best people, requires having effective

market-related remuneration and incentive policies and practices.

In addition to having a material impact on Kumba’s value creation,

a company’s remuneration practices is also of particular interest

to many of our stakeholders, including especially our shareholders.

Delivering our responsibilities as Remco

One of Kumba’s four strategic ambitions is for the Company to

be the employer of choice in the South African mining sector.

As Remco, it is our responsibility to assist Kumba to deliver on

this ambition by ensuring that the Company has the right

remuneration practices in place, particularly at the executive level.

As Remco, we strive to ensure that Kumba provides competitive

remuneration that is seen as fair and appropriate in the context

of general market conditions and overall employee remuneration,

and that provides the right incentives to ensure delivery of the

Company’s strategic objectives over the short, medium and

long term.

Each year, the performance of the Kumba executive team, and

overall workforce, is assessed collectively against the Kumba

business unit scorecard, as agreed with Anglo American and

sanctioned by this Remco. Members of the executive team are

mutually responsible for delivering on the scorecard’s operational

and strategic objectives, and ultimately are held accountable by

the Chief Executive and the Board on their individual contribution

to achieving the team goals. The Chief Executive is measured

against his personal scorecard, which is aligned to the Kumba

scorecard. Remco is also responsible each year for reviewing the

Company’s remuneration disclosure in this report to ensure that it

is accessible, accurate and complete, and that it is aligned with

best practice governance requirements. Through this annual

disclosure, we strive to provide sufficient forward-looking

information for shareholders to assess the remuneration policy and

to approve a resolution in terms of section 66(9) of the Companies

Act, 2008.

Key decisions and activities this year

Reflecting on Remco’s activities during 2020, there are five

developments that I wish to highlight:

• The most significant development this year, and one that I am

particularly proud of, was the nature of Kumba’s response to the

Covid-19 pandemic, with the Company’s remuneration policy

finding an appropriate balance in protecting the best interest

of employees, local communities, and shareholders. Under the

initial level 5 lockdown period, introduced from 27 March 2020,

Kumba was allowed to have 50% of its workforce at its

operations from April, and 100% from May, as part of a sector

lockdown exemption. During this period, employees reporting

for normal duty continued to receive their normal monthly

remuneration, including all allowances and benefits applicable,

while those employees not reporting for duty, received their

basic salary or basic employment cost with all allowances

forfeited for the period; employer retirement fund contributions

and medical subsidy benefits were maintained for all employees

during this period. For vulnerable employees, a multi-pronged

solution was approved, with various special measures

considered on an individual basis, to best accommodate and

protect every and all vulnerable employees. In recognition of

the increased workload on, and demand for, the Company’s

occupational health personnel during this period, we approved

a discretionary short-term critical skills and circumstantial

allowance. In support of public efforts to combat Covid-19, the

Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer committed one-third

of their monthly net pay to the Mining Dialogues 360 Degrees

Public Benefit Organisation and the Solidarity Fund respectively,

for the three-month period May to July 2020.

Ntombi Langa-Royds

Chairperson of the Human Resources

and Remuneration Committee

96

Kumba Iron Ore Limited Integrated Report 2020:

Chairman's fund, suppliers, communities and

NGOs.

• Anglo American Zimele, empowering host community black entrepreneurs to start or

grow businesses. In addition to granting loans, the programme provides mentorship,

helps suppliers access new markets and develop skills among young people.

• Tax payments, including corporate income tax, mineral royalties, value added tax (VAT)

on purchases, duties on imports and exports, payroll taxes and dividend withholding

taxes.

Making a positive

social contribution

SR 63 to 71

Stakeholder

engagement

SR 30 to 31

3

G

O

O

D

H

E

A

L

T

H

A

N

D

W

E

L

L

-

B

E

I

N

G

• Sacred covenant code with the families of all our employees to do our utmost to

ensure that every employee and contractor at our operations returns home unharmed

after every day’s work. Our aim is to continually build and instil both a Company and

industry culture that protects people from harm and improves their health and

wellbeing.

• With the onset of the Covid-19 pandemic, we placed an emphasis on managing the

diverse impacts and implications of the Covid-19 pandemic on employee health and

wellbeing. We have well-established wellness initiatives for employees and contractors.

In 2020, interventions and supporting campaigns focused on Covid-19 and mental-

wellbeing.

• Kumba’s World of Wellness (WOW) programme, integrates aspects of mental health,

physical wellness, recreation (“finding our joy”) and inclusion (for example “living with

dignity” and dealing with the social stigma of a positive Covid-19 diagnosis) and

consists of three themes: mind (mental wellness), body (physical wellness), and spirit

(emotional wellness).

Safety and health

SR 34 to 49

4

Q

U

A

L

I

T

Y

E

D

U

C

A

T

I

O

N

• Ambitious education programme that aims to ensure that schools in our host

communities perform among the top 30% of state schools by 2025 (stretch goal) and

in the top 20% by 2030.

• Anglo American South Africa Education programme aimed at students in early-

childhood-development sites and primary and secondary schools local to Sishen and

Kolomela. Targets for 2023 include ensuring that 90% of five-year-old children are

school-ready and ensuring a 65% pass rate in matric mathematics.

• Internal training and development interventions focus on providing skills training for our

employees and also include learnerships, leadership development, mentorships and

career progression plans.

• Develop technical talent for the Company through our three-year graduate

development programme offering degree and diploma graduates the opportunity

to obtain training and work experience during a fixed-term contract with the Company

to cover bursary debt.

Making a positive

social contribution

SR 63 to 71

Stakeholder

engagement

SR 30 to 31

Workforce culture

and capability

SR 50 to 57

5

G

E

N

D

E

R

E

Q

U

A

L

I

T

Y

• Women-in-mining (WIM) strategy and plan to promote the integration of women in

the workplace, especially in core functions. A WIM steering committee oversees

performance against objectives. Capacity building is critical, and we aim to ensure

at least 30% women representation in our talent pipeline programmes. We have also

set a target to achieve 33% representation of women at management levels by 2023.

• Gender-sensitive work environment. Interventions aimed at combatting sexual and

gender-based violence (GBV) and harassment at work, at home, in our schools and

our communities, supported by our zero-tolerance policy on bullying, harassment

and victimisation.

Workforce culture

and capability

SR 50 to 57

132

Kumba Iron Ore Limited Integrated Report 2020:

