Letter from the Chair

10

Strategic

report

12-87

Chief Executive Officer’s Q&A

14

External context

16

Our business model

18

Strategic framework

22

Strategic performance

24

Key performance indicators

36

Managing our relationships and resources

38

(including Section 172 statement)

Business unit trading review

66

Financial review

70

Principal risks

74

Viability statement

86

Governance

88-149

Chair’s introduction

90

Board of directors

92

Executive Committee and Company Secretary

94

Corporate governance report

96

Nominations Committee

111

Audit Committee

116

Sustainable Development Committee

123

Remuneration report

126

Other statutory information

148

Financial

statements

150-240

Directors’ responsibility statement

153

Independent auditors’ report

154

Financial statements

164

Group financial record

226

Production statistics and Exchange rates

228

Alternative Performance Measures

229

Additional information for shareholders

234

Shareholder information

236

Glossary of terms

240:

Letter from the Chair

Together we are…

delivering solutions

for stakeholders

and society

Philip Yea

Chair

In this, my first: letter to shareholders, I am

pleased to be able to report that Mondi

has successfully navigated the challenges

of 2020, and although the COVID-19

pandemic is far from over, the Group

remains well placed both strategically

and operationally. Our business model

has proven to be resilient, and our values

of Performance, Care and Integrity have

brought people together with a real sense

of purpose. Through my induction I gained

an overriding impression that making a

positive impact matters to our people, and

I am looking forward to playing my part in

helping shape the future of Mondi as we

and our industry address the changes that

are vital for the future of our planet.

Sustainable by Design

Mondi’s purpose is to contribute to a better

world by making packaging and paper that

is sustainable by design. The Mondi Way

describes how our strategy and culture

are aligned to our purpose enabling our

26,000 colleagues around the world to

share a common sense of direction. In times

of crisis, a strong culture underpinned

by the right values is important because

it supports a flexible and collaborative

approach.

Delivering on our sustainability agenda is

both a strategic and operational imperative,

and only with hindsight will we be able to

judge whether we have found the right

rate and areas of change to address the

challenges and opportunities it presents.

If we move too slowly, we will not have the

required impact, but if we move too quickly

or miss opportunities our actions may not

prove optimal for the long term.

One of my roles is to ensure that the

Board is proactive in dealing with the

many judgements required to deliver the

most enduring solutions for Mondi, our

stakeholders and wider society.

Consumers are increasingly demanding

products that are more sustainable, more

efficient and create less waste. This includes

how products are packaged and delivered.

Our customers are looking to us to provide

answers, particularly given the advantage

we have of being able to offer a wide range

of sustainable, fit-for-purpose primary and

secondary packaging, using paper where

possible and plastic when useful.

As a Board we are proud of our track

record on sustainability, achieving almost

all of our five-year Growing Responsibly

commitments. Building on this, our

recently launched Mondi Action Plan 2030

(MAP2030) sets out the actions we need to

take over this critical decade to achieve our

ambitious sustainability goals. MAP2030 is

the result of a robust two-year process

including a materiality analysis, extensive

stakeholder consultation, and clear

guidance from leaders across the business.

You will find more detail on MAP2030 and

its three key focus areas of circular-driven

solutions, created by empowered people,

taking action on climate change later in

this report.

MAP2030

Page 26-27

Safety remains our top priority and is a

focus at every Board meeting. We continue

to promote a safety culture that brings

everyone home safely every day and we are

proud to be considered as a safety leader.

This year we gave additional consideration

to the effect of COVID-19 on the safety

and physical and mental health of our

people. Our teams across the world put

in a tremendous effort to keep each other

safe, resulting in an overall improvement in

our safety performance. We are however

deeply saddened by the two fatalities we

experienced during the year. In January, a

contractor died during demolition activities

at our Syktyvkar mill (Russia) and in June

a contractor lost his life at our Richards

Bay mill (South Africa) during planned

maintenance and cleaning activities.

Our thoughts are with their families and

colleagues. Robust investigations were

carried out to understand the events and

identify ways to prevent recurrence. It is

vital that we learn from every incident.

Managing our relationships and resources –

Employees

Page 46-50

Basic underlying earnings per share

(euro cents)

148.9

129.3

171.1

189.1

137.8

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

129.3

euro

cents

10

Mondi Group Integrated report and financial statements 2020

managing director at

Investcorp from 1999 to 2004, leaving to become CEO

of 3i Group plc, a role he held until 2009.

He has held a number of non-executive roles, including

Senior Independent Director at Vodafone Group plc

and Computacenter plc, Chair at Greene King plc and

bwin.party digital entertainment plc and non-executive

director at Rocket Internet SE. Philip was also a non-

executive director of Aberdeen Standard Asia Focus

plc until he stepped down in December 2020.

Current external appointments

Chair of Equiniti Group plc and a non-executive

director of Marshall of Cambridge (Holdings) Ltd.

92

Mondi Group Integrated report and financial statements 2020:

letter of appointment

setting out, among other things, their term of

appointment, the expected time commitment

for their duties to Mondi and details of

any committees of which they will be a

member. Non-executive directors are initially

appointed for a three-year term, after which

a review is undertaken to consider renewal of

the term for a further three years. However,

Mondi follows governance best practice

with all directors standing for re-election

by shareholders at each Annual General

Meeting.

Appointments of Svein

Richard Brandtzaeg, Sue Clark

and Dame Angela Strank

In November 2020 we announced the

appointment of Svein Richard Brandtzaeg

as an independent non-executive

director. This was followed in February

2021 by an announcement confirming

the appointments of Sue Clark and

Dame Angela Strank as independent

non-executive directors. They will join

the Board on 22 April 2021.

With effect from the same date,

Svein Richard will be appointed as a

member of the Audit, Nominations and

Sustainable Development Committees.

Sue will be appointed as a member of the

Audit, Nominations and Remuneration

Committees and Angela as a member

of the Nominations, Remuneration and

Sustainable Development Committees.

The decisions to appoint Svein Richard,

Sue and Angela were taken following

consideration of the skills and experience

required to support the development of

Mondi’s strategy and in light of succession

planning requirements. They have strong

commercial and strategic backgrounds,

with experience of leading and operating

in large, international companies in both

executive and non-executive roles.

Their exposure to a broad range of

industries and stakeholders will bring

significant knowledge and insight to

the Board.

As part of the appointment process, their

external commitments were reviewed.

Svein Richard undertook to reduce

his external commitments in line with

governance guidelines prior to joining

Mondi and will step down from the board

of SCR-Sibelco SA in April 2021. As a

result, the Nominations Committee was

comfortable that Svein Richard, Sue and

Angela will be able to commit the necessary

time to Mondi. Their independence was

also reviewed and confirmed.

In line with our appointment process, they

have each received a: letter of appointment

from Mondi plc. The terms provide for

their appointments to be terminable on

six months’ notice and their fees will be in

accordance with the details set out on page

131 for non-executive directors. At the date

of this report, they do not hold any shares

in Mondi plc.

Svein Richard, Sue and

Dame Angela’s biographies

Page 114

Agreement of key business

experience and skills required

taking into account succession and

diversity requirements, and candidate

specification drawn up

Short list chosen from long list

for interview by the Chair and at least

one other appropriate director

External independent

search agent engaged

to assist with the selection process

Short list reduced to an agreed

number of candidates

for interview by other executive and

non-executive directors

Search conducted and long list

of potential candidates provided

for consideration

the long list to include male and female

candidates from a variety of backgrounds

Nominations Committee considers

the preferred candidates

including ability to commit time to the

role and any potential conflicts of

interest, and makes a recommendation

to the Board

Board considers the

recommendation

and whether to proceed with

the appointment

Overview

Strategic report

Governance

Financial statements

Mondi Group Integrated report and financial statements 2020

113

Managing Director,

Europe until the business was acquired in 2016.

Sue is the Senior Independent Director at

Imperial Brands plc and a non-executive director

of AkzoNobel NV and Britvic plc. She was also

a non-executive director of Bakkavor Group plc

from 2017 to 2020.

Dame Angela Strank

Angela has a BSc and PhD in Geology from

Manchester University. She is also a Chartered

Engineer with the Institute of Chemical

Engineers. After graduating, Angela spent two

years with the Institute of Geological Sciences

before joining BP plc in 1982 where she held

a number of international roles, including in

the Far East and Angola. She went on to hold

various senior leadership and technology-

focused roles with BP. From 2012 to 2014 she

was Head of the Group Chief Executive’s Office

before being appointed Chief Scientist and

Head of Downstream Technology in 2014, a

role she held until retiring in 2020. From 2018

to 2020 she was a member of BP’s Group

Executive Management Team. Angela was

appointed a DBE in 2017 and is a Fellow of the

Royal Society, the Royal Academy of Engineers

and the Institute of Chemical Engineers, as

well as an Honorary Fellow of the UK Energy

Institute. She holds honorary degrees from

Royal Holloway University and the University of

Bradford. Angela is a non-executive director

of Severn Trent plc, SSE plc and Rolls-Royce

Holdings plc.

Mondi Group Integrated report and financial statements 2020

114:

letter of allotment or

transfer was lodged with Mondi, send to the allottee or transferee a notice of the refusal.

The directors may decline to register any instrument of transfer unless the instrument of the transfer: (i) is in respect of only one class

of share; (ii) is lodged at the transfer office (duly stamped if required), accompanied by the relevant share certificate(s) and such other

evidence as the directors may reasonably require to show the right of the transferor to make the transfer (and, if the instrument of transfer

is executed by some other person on their behalf, the authority of that person to do so); and (iii) is fully paid.

Subject to the Companies Act 2006 and regulations and applicable CREST rules, the directors may determine that any class of shares

may be held in uncertificated form and that title to such shares may be transferred by means of the CREST system, or that shares of any

class should cease to be so held and transferred.

A shareholder does not need to obtain the approval of Mondi, or of other shareholders of Mondi, for a transfer of shares to take place.

Notwithstanding the above, some of the Mondi employee share plans include restrictions on transfer of shares while the shares are subject

to such plan.

Directors

Directors shall be no less than four and no more than 20 in number. A director is not required to hold any shares of Mondi by way of

qualification. Mondi may by special resolution increase or reduce the maximum or minimum number of directors. Each director shall retire

at the Annual General Meeting held in the third calendar year following the year in which the director was elected or last re-elected by

Mondi, or at such earlier Annual General Meeting as the directors resolve. A retiring director shall be eligible for re-election.

The Board may appoint any person to be a director (so long as the total number of directors does not exceed the limit prescribed in the

Articles). Any such director shall hold office only until the next Annual General Meeting (or if the notice of the next Annual General Meeting

has already been sent at the time of such person’s appointment, the Annual General Meeting following that one) and shall then be eligible

for re-election.

Subject to the Articles, the Companies Act 2006 and any directions given by special resolution, the business of Mondi will be managed by

the Board who may exercise all the powers of Mondi.

The Board may exercise all the powers of Mondi to borrow money and to mortgage or charge any of its undertaking, property and

uncalled capital and to issue debentures and other securities, whether outright or as collateral security for any debt, liability or obligation of

Mondi or of any third party.

Indemnities

As at the date of this report, indemnities are in force under which Mondi has agreed to indemnify its directors, to the extent permitted by

law and the Articles in respect of all losses arising out of, or in connection with, the execution of their powers, duties and responsibilities, as

directors of Mondi or any of its subsidiaries.

Significant agreements: change of control

All of Mondi’s employee share plans contain provisions relating to a change of control. Outstanding awards and options would normally

vest and become exercisable on a change of control, subject to the satisfaction of any performance conditions at that time and under

certain plans, time pro-rating. The Group also has in place certain borrowing facilities and banking arrangements, some of which could be

cancelled, become immediately payable or subject to acceleration upon a change of control of Mondi. Of these arrangements, only one

facility agreement is considered to be significant to the Group. There are no other significant agreements that would take effect, alter or

terminate upon a change of control following a takeover bid.

Amendment of the Articles

Any amendments to the Articles may be made in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 2006 by way of special resolution.

235

Overview

Strategic report

Governance

Financial statements

Mondi Group Integrated report and financial statements 2020:

