Managing Director/CEO Review

6

Board of directors

8

Senior management

9

Section 3: BUSINESS REVIEW

Safety, health and environment

11

Environmental management

11

Corporate social responsibility

12

Review of operations

South Africa

Overview of Areachap Belt Projects

14

Prieska Project

14

Exploration

22

Australia

34

Ore reserve and mineral resource statement

41

Corporate

47

Section 4: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Directors’ report

52

Auditor’s independence declaration

70

Consolidated statement of profit or loss and other

comprehensive income

71

Consolidated statement of financial position

72

Consolidated statement of cash flows

73

Consolidated statement of changes in equity

74

Notes to financial statements

75

Directors’ declaration

111

Independent auditor’s report

112

Additional ASX information

116

CONTENTS

Accelerating delivery,

unlocking value

ORION MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2020

1:

MANAGING DIRECTOR/CEO REVIEW

The updated BFS has also enhanced the Project’s environmental,

social, and governance outcomes. By implementing best practices

consistent with sustainable development goals from the outset, we

aim to increase the use of renewable energy, minimise our carbon

footprint and maximise water conservation.

The other standout development during the year was the

completion of permitting for the Prieska Project with the grant of the

final Mining Right for the Vardocube portion of the Resource. This

followed the grant of the Mining Right for the PCZM (formerly Repli)

Portion in August 2019, and the issue of the Water Use Licence in

August 2020.

These permitting milestones, which have been achieved in

unprecedented rapid advance, make the Prieska Project one of

the world’s few bankable, fully permitted base metal projects,

ready for development.

In just over three years, since acquiring the Project on 29 March

2017, we have drilled out a world-class Volcanic Massive Sulphide

(VMS) Resource, completed a BFS and now completed all required

permitting, to have a ‘shovel-ready’ project that stands to soon

transform us into a profitable base metals producer. Importantly,

we have also met our Mining Charter 2018 BEE obligations with

a very strong BEE partnership now in place, which includes the

establishment of the Employees and Community Trusts for the

Prieska Project.

This is an exceptional achievement by our hard-working and

dedicated team, attained while adhering to the highest standards of

health, safety, environmental preservation and corporate governance

and while successfully managing the effects that the COVID-19

pandemic has had on our business.

The COVID-19 pandemic was an unexpected and unwelcome visitor

that has cast a dark shadow over markets, economies, businesses

We are pleased to report on what

has been a demanding yet very

positive year for Orion. The significant

milestones achieved during the year

have positioned Orion to become a

successful diversified base metals

miner and explorer.

LEADERSHIP

Errol Smart: Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

Denis Waddell

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer

Accelerating delivery,

unlocking value

ORION MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2020

7:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

Godfrey Gomwe

Non-Executive Director

Alexander Haller

Non-Executive Director

Tom Borman

Non-Executive Director

Denis Waddell

Chairman

Denis is a Chartered Accountant with extensive experience in the

management of exploration and mining companies. Denis founded

Tanami Gold NL in 1994 and was involved with the Company as: Managing Director and then

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

Errol is a geologist, registered for JORC purposes. He has some

25 years of industry experience across all aspects of exploration,

mine development and operation, with a key focus on gold and base

metals throughout Africa and in Australia. Errol has held positions in

African Stellar, LionGold Corporation, Clarity Minerals, Metallon Gold,

Cluff Mining and AngloGold.

Walter Shamu

Chief Operating Officer

Walter is a mining engineer with a BEng (Mining Engineering) and

a Masters in Engineering (Rock Mechanics) from Curtin University

as well as an LLB (Law) from Macquarie University in Australia. He

spent 12 years in the Australasian mining industry with Henry Walker

Eltin, Western Mining and Gold Fields before moving to South Africa,

where he has held technical and corporate roles with Gold Fields,

ERG and Taurus Gold on exploration projects, mine development

and mining operations throughout Africa.

Martin Bouwmeester

Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary

Martin is an FCPA highly experienced in exploration, mine

development and operations. He was previously the chief financial

officer, business development manager and company secretary of

Perseverance Corporation Limited. Martin was a key member of the

team that successfully completed feasibility studies, funding and

development of the Fosterville Gold Mine in Australia.

Michelle Jenkins

Executive: Finance and Administration

Michelle is both a geologist and a chartered accountant with over

20 years’ experience in exploration and mining. She holds an

Honours Degree in Geology from the University of the Witwatersrand

and BSc Hons in Accounting Science from the University of South

Africa. Michelle has substantial experience working as a geologist

prior to joining KPMG’s mining group as a chartered accountant.

She was also the chief financial officer at Taurus Gold and held the

role of chief financial officer with several exploration and mining

companies throughout Africa. She is currently an Independent Non-

Executive Director of Kumba Iron Ore. She was previously a director

within the Clarity Capital Group and an executive director of Pangea

Exploration. Michelle offers a wealth of knowledge in resource risk

management and mitigation as well as strategic leadership and has

been involved in operating resources ventures.

Louw van Schalkwyk

Executive: Exploration

Louw holds a BSc Geology Honours degree from the University of

Stellenbosch. He started his career as a geologist with Gold Fields

of South Africa, then worked as an exploration consultant for Anglo

American. He served as technical director on the boards of two junior

exploration companies before joining Vedanta Zinc International.

Louw specialises in structural and exploration geology and was part

of the team that discovered the 60 Mt Gamsberg East Zinc Deposit

in 2005, which is one of the highlights of his career. Other notable

achievements include the discovery and drill out of the 250,000oz

Byumba Gold deposit in Rwanda in 2008.

Walter Shamu

Chief Operating Officer

Martin Bouwmeester

Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary

Errol Smart: Managing

Letter which formally outlines the Connection Fee payable

by Orion. The 40MVA power is required near the end of the

construction phase as the mine winders and process plant mills

come online.

Water Supply Agreement – With the Siyathemba Municipality’s

approval of the key terms for a water supply agreement in place,

it is expected that a binding formal agreement will be executed

during the second half of CY2020.

Collaboration on Renewable Energy Supply Option – Orion

and juwi Renewable Energies RSA (Pty) Ltd (juwi) intend to

collaborate on establishing a hybrid wind and solar renewable

energy facility that will supply 52% of the Prieska Project’s power

requirements. The collaboration Memorandum of Understanding

entered into between the Company and juwi was extended to

October 2020. The extension gives the parties an opportunity

to continue to explore funding options that prove most

advantageous to the Project as it seeks to establish and operate

the renewable energy plant.

Whittle Enterprise Optimisation – Whittle Consulting (Pty)

Limited (Whittle Consulting) was engaged to undertake mine-to-

market optimisation of the BFS business plan (refer ASX release

30 July 2019). Whittle Consulting use their proprietary enterprise

optimisation process (WEO), which involves the detailed and

accurate mapping and linking of the whole value chain, from the

Mineral Resource inventory to the marketed product. Thereafter,

critical value drivers along the value chain are simultaneously

varied, using specialised computer algorithms, until optimal

permutations are identified.

Optimisation scenarios were carried out on the selected mine

plan with the expectation of incorporating positive results into

the updated BFS Report. However, due to the variable shape

and thickness of the deposit, together with the requirement to

assign different mining costs (which had to be calculated from

first principles) to the various mining areas, it was decided to build

in additional time to fully optimise the mine plan and schedule,

making this work ongoing. New results are expected during

November 2020.

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS continued

BUSINESS REVIEW

ORION MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2020

21:

Managing Director. Mr Smart (PrSciNat) is registered with the South African Council for Natural

Scientific Professionals, a Recognised Overseas Professional Organisation (PRO) for JORC purposes and has sufficient experience

that is relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of deposit under consideration and to the activity being undertaken to qualify as

a Competent Person as defined in the 2012 Edition of the JORC Code. Mr Smart consents to the inclusion in this report of the matters

based on his information in the form and context in which it appears.

The information in this report that relates to Mineral Resources is not in contravention of the JORC Code and has been compiled and

assessed under the supervision of Mr Sean Duggan, a Director and Principal Analyst at Z Star Mineral Resource Consultants (Pty) Ltd.

Mr Duggan (PrSci.Nat) is registered with the South African Council for Natural Scientific Professionals (Registration No. 400035/01),

an PRO for JORC purposes and has sufficient experience that is relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of deposit under

consideration and to the activity being undertaken to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the 2012 Edition of the JORC Code.

Mr Duggan consents to the inclusion in this report of the matters based on his information in the form and context in which it appears.

The information in this report that relates to the Ore Reserves is based on mining-related information incorporated under the supervision

of Mr William Gillespie, a Competent Person who is a fellow of the Institute of Materials, Minerals and Mining (IMMM), a Recognised

Overseas Professional Organisation, (PRO). Mr Gillespie takes overall responsibility for the Ore Reserve aspects of the release as

Competent Person. Mr Gillespie is an employee of A & B Global Mining Consultants (Pty) Ltd which contracts to Orion. Mr Gillespie has

sufficient experience that is relevant to the type of mining and type of deposit under consideration and to the activities being undertaken

to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the 2012 Edition of the JORC Code. Mr Gillespie consents to the inclusion in this report of

the matters based on his information in the form and context in which it appears.

The information in this report that relates to the metallurgy and processing plant information incorporated under supervision of Mr John

Edwards, a Competent Person, who is a fellow of the South African Institute of Mining and Metallurgy (SAIMM), a PRO. Mr Edwards is

an employee of METC Engineering Ltd., that provides consulting services to Orion. Mr Edwards has sufficient experience that is relevant

to the style of mineralisation and type of deposit under consideration and to the activity being undertaken to qualify as a Competent

Person as defined by the 2012 Edition of the JORC Code. Mr Edwards consents to the inclusion of the report of the matters based on his

information in the form and context in which it appears.

Jacomynspan Project Mineral Resources

The Mineral Resource Estimate for the Namaqua-Disawell Jacomynspan Project is as reported in the 2018 annual report. There are no

material changes to the estimate.

A maiden Mineral Resource Estimate, based on drilling data from 1971 to 2012 , reported at a 0.4% Ni cut-off grade gives 6.8 Mt

containing 39,000 tonnes Ni at 0.5% Ni, 22,000 tonnes Cu at 0.3% Cu and 1,800 tonnes Co at 0.03% Co (refer ASX release 8 March

2018). The Mineral Resources for the Jacomynspan Project were previously reported (refer ASX release 14 July 2016) in accordance with

the SAMREC Code (2007) as a “qualifying foreign resource estimate” as defined in the ASX Listing Rules.

The Mineral Resources have subsequently been reassessed by the MSA Group (Pty) Ltd on behalf of the Company and reported in

compliance with the JORC Code, 2012 6.

6 Mineral Resource reported in ASX/JSE release of 8 March 2018: “modelling confirms target around Jacomynspan intrusive” available to the public on

http://www.orionminerals.com.au/investors/asx-jse-announcements/. Competent Person Orion’s exploration: Mr. Errol Smart. Competent Person: Orion’s

Mineral Resource: Mr. Jeremy Witley. Orion confirms it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information included above.

For the Mineral Resources, the company confirms that all material assumptions and technical parameters underpinning the estimates in the ASX release of

8 March 2018 continue to apply and have not materially changed. Orion confirms that the form and context in which the Competent Person’s findings are

presented here have not been materially modified.

ORION MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2020

45:

Letter and

such other terms and conditions as are usual for a transaction

of this nature (Sale Agreement);

• Approval and/or ratification of the Sale Agreement and the

implementation of the proposed transaction by the board of

directors or trustees (if and where applicable) of each the

Sale Parties;

• Approval, where required, from Orion’s shareholders for the

proposed transaction;

• Receipt of any and all regulatory approvals (on terms

reasonably acceptable to the Sale Parties) as may be

required for the purposes of implementing the proposed

transaction; and

• There being no material adverse change in the business,

operations, assets, compliance, position (financial, trading

or otherwise) or prospects of either Namaqua or Disawell

between the date of signature of the Sale Agreement and the

Closing Date.

• Such other suspensive conditions, undertakings, warranties and

terms and conditions as would be standard and customary to

include in transactions of this nature.

CORPORATE continued

BUSINESS REVIEW

ORION MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2020

51:

Managing Director and then Chairman and Non-

Executive Director until 2012. Prior to founding Tanami Gold NL, Mr

Waddell was the Finance Director of the Metana Minerals NL group.

During the past 36 years, Mr Waddell has gained considerable

experience in corporate finance and operations management of

exploration and mining companies.

None

Member of

the Audit

Committee

Mr Errol

Smart

Appointed

26

November

2012

Managing

Director

BSc(Hons) Geology (University of Witwatersrand)

NHD Economic Geology (Technikon Witwatersrand)

(PrSciNat)

Mr Smart is a geologist, registered with the South African Council of

Natural Scientific Professionals, a Recognised Overseas Professional

Organisation in terms of the 2012 Edition of the Australasian Code

for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore

Reserves (JORC) purposes. Mr Smart has 27 years of industry

experience across all aspects of exploration, mine development

and operations with experience in precious and base metals. Mr

Smart has held positions in Anglogold, Cluff Mining, Metallon Gold,

Clarity

Minerals

LionGold

Corporation

and

African

Stellar

Holdings. Mr Smart’s senior executive roles have been on several

boards of companies listed on both the TSX and ASX and currently

serves as a Director on the Board of the Mineral Council of South

Africa.

None

Chief

Executive

Officer

Member of

the Audit

Committee

Mr Thomas

Borman

Appointed

16 April 2019

Non-

executive

Director

BCom (Hons) (University of Pretoria)

Mr Borman is a respected and highly experienced global mining

executive who served more than 11 years working for the BHP Billiton

Group in various senior managerial roles, including that of Chief

Financial Officer of an Australian-listed mining company. He also

held senior roles in strategy and business development, and served

as the project manager for the merger integration transaction

between BHP Limited and Billiton.

After leaving BHP Billiton in 2006, Mr Borman joined Warrior Coal

Investments (Proprietary) Limited, where he formed part of the

executive team which established and consolidated the portfolio of

assets which became the Optimum Group of companies. Optimum

listed on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange in 2010, and was

subsequently acquired by Glencore for R8.5 billion in March 2012.

None

---

Directors’ Report

Your directors submit their report for the year ended 30 June 2020.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Director

Designation

Qualifications, experience and expertise

Directorships

of other listed

companies

Other roles

held during

the year

Mr Denis

Waddell

Appointed

27 February

2009

Non-

executive

Chairman

ACA, FAICD

Mr Waddell is a Chartered Accountant with extensive experience in

the management of exploration and mining companies. Mr

Waddell founded Tanami Gold NL in 1994 and was involved with the

Company as: Managing Director and then

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

Mr Thomas Borman

Director – Non-Executive

Director

Mr Godfrey Gomwe

Director – Non-Executive

Director

Mr Alexander Haller

Director – Non-Executive

Director

Mr Mark Palmer

Director – Non-Executive

Director

Mr Walter Shamu

---

Chief Operating Officer

Mr Martin Bouwmeester

---

Chief Financial Officer & Company Secretary

Mr Louw van Schalkwyk

---

Executive: Exploration (South Africa)

Ms Michelle Jenkins

---

Executive: Finance & Administration (South Africa)

58

ORION MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2020:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

Mr Thomas Borman

Director – Non-Executive

Director

Mr Godfrey Gomwe

Director – Non-Executive

Director

Mr Alexander Haller

Director – Non-Executive

Director

Mr Mark Palmer

Director – Non-Executive

Director

Mr Walter Shamu

---

Chief Operating Officer

Mr Martin Bouwmeester

---

Chief Financial Officer & Company Secretary

Mr Louw van Schalkwyk

---

Executive: Exploration (South Africa)

Ms Michelle Jenkins

---

Executive: Finance & Administration (South Africa)

Remuneration Policy

Key management personnel have authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the

activities of the Group. Key management personnel comprise the directors and executives of the Company

and the Group, which comprise executives that report directly to the: Managing

Managing Director and CEO

Unlimited in term but capable of termination on 6 months’ notice by the Company or 3 months’ notice by Mr

Smart. The Group retains the right to terminate the contract immediately, by making a payment of 3 months’

remuneration in lieu of notice.

Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary

Unlimited in term but capable of termination on 6 months’ notice by the Company or 3 months’ notice by Mr

Bouwmeester. The Group retains the right to terminate the contract immediately, by making a payment of 6

months’ remuneration in lieu of notice.

Chief Operating Officer

Unlimited in term but capable of termination on 6 months’ notice by the Company or 3 months’ notice by Mr

Shamu. The Group retains the right to terminate the contract immediately, by making a payment of 6 months’

remuneration in lieu of notice.

Executive: Exploration (South Africa)

Unlimited in term but capable of termination on 3 months’ notice. The Group retains the right to terminate the

contract immediately, by making a payment of 3 months’ remuneration in lieu of notice.

60

ORION MINERALS ANNUAL REPORT 2020:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer (Chief Operating Decision Maker of the Group) to

make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance, and for which

discrete financial information is available.

Segment results that are reported to the: Managing

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer (Chief Operating Decision Maker of the Group) to

ake decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance, and for which

crete financial information is available.

gment results that are reported to the: Managing

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer (Chief Operating Decision Maker of the Group) t

make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance, and for whic

discrete financial information is available.

Segment results that are reported to the: Managing

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer (Chief Operating Decision Maker of the Group) t

make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance, and for whic

discrete financial information is available.

Segment results that are reported to the: Managing

