letter to shareholders

1

Integrated Report to stakeholders

3

Audited annual financial statements and related reports

45

Administration

96

Notice of annual general meeting

97

Form of proxy

Attached

CONTENTS:

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

Overview

Sabvest Capital Limited (“Sabcap”) was listed on the JSE on 13 May 2020 as part of a restructuring in which it acquired 100%

of the ordinary and ‘N’ ordinary shares of Sabvest Limited (“Sabvest”) which had been listed on the JSE since 1988, in exchange

for a single class of Sabcap ordinary shares. Details of the changes are set out in the Corporate Profile on page 4.

2020 was a challenging year for Sabcap and its investees due to the disruption of business and health risks occasioned by the

COVID-19 pandemic and the related lockdowns and restrictions. These conditions resulted in weaker earnings and cash flows in

many of the group’s investees and at Sabcap itself. However, most of Sabcap’s investees had returned to 2019 levels of trading by

Q4 2020 or are expected to do so in H1 2021. Details of the portfolio are set out on pages 7 to 12.

2020 performance

Sabcap achieved better results for the year than were anticipated at the interim date due to the recovery in trading by most of the

Group’s investees. Profit after tax reduced relative to the prior year but was still positive at R293m. The net asset value (“NAV”)

per share increased by 12% to 7 444 cents. The Board took a conservative approach to the payment of dividends and has reduced

dividends for the first time in twenty years. A total dividend of 25 cents has been declared (2019: 75 cents).

Medium-term performance

Management and the Board remain focused on achieving sustainable long-term investment returns primarily focused on growth

in NAV per share. However, management also targets cash returns to shareholders by way of dividends and more particularly

at the present time by way of share buy backs given that the Sabcap share price is materially below the Sabcap NAV per share.

Governance and functions of the Board

The Board and management maintain the highest levels of governance.

The Board is accountable for the approval and execution of the Group’s strategy and its operating performance, as well as being

the arbiter and monitor of risk and the custodian of its corporate governance policies and procedures.

I guide the Board in these primary functions. Management continues to deliver above-average performance, which facilitates the

outcomes required by the Board.

I am pleased to welcome Mrs Olufunke Ighodaro, BSc (Honours) Salford University, CA who has been appointed an independent

non-executive director.

Mrs Dawn Mokhobo retired as chairman of Sabcap on 31 December 2020. Dawn has been a valuable member of the Board

and an excellent chairman and I wish her well in the years ahead.

The Board has appointed me as the new independent non-executive chairman of Sabcap. I am pleased to accept the appointment

and to lead the Board and provide support to management going forward.

It should be noted that in terms of Sabcap’s partnership principle it usually invests alongside a family, operating or financial

partner with the result that, in addition to the executive directors running the investment portfolio, that function is supported

materially by the partners in each investment.

Shareholders and capital structure

I am pleased to welcome all new shareholders who have invested in Sabcap during the year and of course all the Sabvest

shareholders who received Sabcap shares in exchange for their Sabvest shares.

Ethics and social responsibility initiatives

The Group maintains the highest ethical behaviour in accordance with its code of ethics and requires the same standards of the

companies in which it invests.

It also encourages transformation programmes and social responsibility initiatives in all its South African investee companies.

Sabcap’s own corporate social responsibility initiatives continue to be noteworthy. Sabcap allocates between 0,5% and 1% of

its sustainable PAT annually to chosen initiatives. During 2020, 24 school bursaries were funded and general and specific grants

were made for education related initiatives. Donations were also made to the Solidarity Fund, the Masimong Foundation and the

Paul Mthimunye Bursary Fund.

Since the commencement of the Sabcap programme, 216 years of schooling have been funded.

Sabcap also encourages its investee companies to maintain and adhere to comprehensive sustainability policies as appropriate.:

letter to shareholders

continued:

Managing Director of Petroleum Investment

Partners (Pty) Ltd and a Non-Executive Director of

Pioneer Food Group Ltd, Metrofile Holdings Ltd,

Cell C Ltd and Open Society Foundation SA.

Bheki James Themba Shongwe (64)

BA (Econ), MBA, ACIS, FCIBM

Independent Non-Executive Deputy Chairman

Chairman of the Remuneration Committee, Member of the

Audit and Risk, Nominations and Remuneration Committees

Appointed to the Board in 2005.

Chairman, Flow Communications (Pty) Ltd,

Executive Chairman, Matsamo Group Limited,

Chairman, Company Management Consultants (Pty)

Ltd, Non-Executive Director of Matsamo Capital

(Pty) Limited, Director of Marking Engineering (Pty)

Ltd.:

letter of

representation) in terms of the custody agreement entered into between you and your CSDP or broker and upload

same.

PARTICIPATION

Following successful completion of the registration process contemplated above, you will be required to connect to the

annual general meeting by using the link below and following the relevant prompts::

letter of representation from their CSDP or Broker.

A Sabcap Shareholder is entitled to appoint one or more proxies to attend, participate in, speak and vote or abstain from voting in the place of that Sabcap

Shareholder at the Annual General Meeting.

Shareholders are advised to consult the Notice for full details on electronic participation and voting at the Annual General Meeting.

I/We (Full name in block letters)

of address

Telephone number:

Cellphone number:

being the holder of Sabcap Shares, do hereby appoint

1.

or failing him/her,

2.

or failing him/her,

3. the chairman of the Annual General Meeting

as my/our proxy to attend and speak for me/us and on my/our behalf at the Annual General Meeting and at any adjournment or postponement thereof and to vote or abstain from voting

as indicated on the resolutions to be considered at the Annual General Meeting

For

Against

Abstain

Ordinary resolution number one – Re-election of director – Ms O Ighodaro

Ordinary resolution number two – Re-election of director – Mr K Pillay

Ordinary resolution number three – Re-election of director – Mr BJT Shongwe

Ordinary resolution number four – Re-election of director – Ms L Mthimunye

Ordinary resolution number five – Re-election of director – Mr C S Seabrooke

Ordinary resolution number six – Re-election of director – Mr R Pleaner

Ordinary resolution number seven – Re-election of director – Mr L Rood

Ordinary resolution number eight – Re-appointment of independent external auditors

Ordinary resolution number nine – Re-election of Audit Committee member – Ms L Mthimunye

Ordinary resolution number ten – Re-election of Audit Committee member – Ms O Ighodaro

Ordinary resolution number eleven – Re-election of Audit Committee member – Mr BJT Shongwe

Ordinary resolution number twelve – Non-binding advisory vote on 2020 Remuneration Policy

Ordinary resolution number thirteen – Non-binding advisory vote on 2021 changes to the Remuneration Policy

Ordinary resolution number fourteen – Non-binding advisory vote on Remuneration Implementation Report

Ordinary resolution number fifteen – Approval of Revised Investment Policy

Ordinary resolution number sixteen – Placing 5% of the unissued ordinary shares under the control of the directors and general authority

to allot and issue

Ordinary resolution number seventeen – Authority to sign all documents required

Special resolution number one – Approval of proposed non-executive directors’ remuneration for the year ending 31 December 2021

Special resolution number two – Authority to provide financial assistance in terms of Section 45 of the Companies Act to any group company

Special resolution number three – Authority to provide financial assistance in terms of section 44 of the Companies Act

Special resolution number four – General authority to repurchase shares

Note: Please indicate with an “X” or the number of Sabcap Shares in the spaces above how you wish your votes to be cast. If no indication is given, the proxy will vote or abstain in his

discretion.

All resolutions put to the vote shall be decided by way of a poll. Every Ordinary Shareholder who is present in person, by proxy or represented at the Annual General Meeting shall, on a

poll, have 1 vote for each Ordinary Share held by it.

Signed this

day of

2021

Signature

Assisted by (where applicable) (state capacity and full name)

Please read the notes appearing on the reverse hereof.

FORM OF PROXY

Sabvest Capital Limited

Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa

Registration number 2020/030059/06

ISIN: ZAE000283511 JSE share code: SBP

“Sabcap” or “the Company”:

