Dear stakeholders

We find ourselves in a rapidly changing world, primarily driven

by the COVID-19 (coronavirus) pandemic. As governments

grapple with containing this highly infectious, and often deadly

virus, we are witnessing global economic turmoil on a scale

unlike anything experienced in modern history.

COVID-19 has impacted every company and economy in some

form, potentially also triggering lasting geopolitical change.

The effects on Sasol are particularly profound.

As the COVID-19 storm approached, we were already at a

disadvantage owing to our highly geared balance sheet. This

placed the Group’s liquidity at serious risk, especially as oil

prices collapsed and product demand for some commodities

evaporated.

This thrust a sudden and unprecedented set of challenges on

us. In the face of these, the Board supported the management

team in rapidly activating a comprehensive response plan. This

plan was aimed at stabilising the business in the short term,

while preparing for a strategic reset – Future Sasol – to ensure a

sustainable Group in an enduring low oil price environment and

carbon-constrained world.

Driving an immediate response

Much of the Board and management’s focus in the latter half of

the year was to stabilise and strengthen Sasol’s foundation in

the short term, which would serve as a springboard for building

Future Sasol.

The immediate priority was a cash conservation drive to shore

up Sasol’s liquidity, alongside accelerating and broadening the

asset disposal programme and preparing for a rights issue to

shareholders.

These measures will continue well into the new financial year,

while we transition to Future Sasol.

We recognise that the world may see lower-for-longer oil prices

and will demand low-carbon energy and hence we have to change -

Future Sasol aims to improve our cash flow generation and pursue

lower carbon alternatives that can benefit all stakeholders. We are

aiming to position a business that can be resilient and sustainably

profitable in a US$45/bbl world. This change is underpinned by a

reset strategy and revised operating model.

NAVIGATING THROUGH

CHALLENGING TIMES

Passing the dividend to protect the balance

sheet

The Board made the decision to pass both the interim and final

dividend. This was in an effort to protect the balance sheet in the

long-term interest of our shareholders, and indeed of our many

stakeholders. Dividend pay-outs by Sasol South Africa Limited

(SSA) were also impacted by lower product demand and reduced

earnings. This will affect SSA’s ability to pay off the loans of the

Broad-Based Black Economic Empowerment transaction – Sasol

Khanyisa. It is therefore an immediate priority that we reset the

business to improve cash flows, drive cost reduction and the

profitability of our businesses.

Leadership and governance

The Board Review into the LCCP underscored the need to

further strengthen Sasol’s internal governance systems,

prompting a number of initiatives to improve governance

processes and controls.

The Board worked to ensure that Sasol has a culture of

accountability. We acknowledged that for trust in the Group

to be restored, a reset was required, including new leadership.

As a result, the Joint Presidents and Chief Executive Officers,

Mr Bongani Nqwababa and Mr Stephen Cornell, agreed to an

amicable mutual separation, and a new President and CEO,

Mr Fleetwood Grobler, was appointed effective 1 November 2019.

In addition to these changes, and the retirement of our

Chairman, other governance developments in the year included

the retirement of our Lead Independent Director (LID) and

the appointment of a successor, the appointment of two new

Directors, as well as a new Company Secretary.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank Dr Mandla Gantsho,

Mr JJ Njeke, Mr Bongani Nqwababa and Mr Stephen Cornell for

their invaluable contributions over the years. I welcome

Mr Fleetwood Grobler, Mr Vuyo Kahla and Ms Katherine Harper

to the Board, congratulate Mr Stephen Westwell as our new

LID, and extend a welcome to our new Company Secretary,

Ms Lucy Mokoka. Diversity remains important to Sasol and I am

pleased that these appointments further that goal as six of our

15 Board members are women.

In response to Sasol’s recent challenges, the Directors

unanimously agreed to a fee sacrifice of at least 20%, for

the duration of the employee sacrifice, to assist the Group in

overcoming cash flow challenges.

I would like to thank my fellow Directors for the important

example they have set.

Acknowledgments

It was an honour to be appointed Chairman of Sasol on the eve

of the Group’s 70th anniversary. I am conscious of the great

responsibility that comes with the position, particularly at a

time of great upheaval – not only for a world suffering from

the COVID-19 pandemic, but also for Sasol.

On behalf of the Board, I extend my thanks and deep

appreciation for the profound contributions of every employee

during a critical and unprecedented period in the Group’s

history. Sasol employees stepped up by diligently driving

the cash conservation effort, while many thousands also

sacrificed part of their salaries to support the organisation.

This is evidence of the ‘Team Sasol’ spirit.

I also acknowledge Sasol’s stakeholders for your continued

support and engagement. Throughout this Integrated

Report, and the Sustainability Report

SR

, we reflect on

the work Sasol is doing to grow shared value for society at

large; minimise our environmental footprint; ensure safe and

enduring operations; as well as focus on securing the Group’s

resilience in a lower-carbon future. Your challenge and input

have been important in our effort to set a new strategic

direction. I look forward to continuing our dialogue.

Outlook

As we mark Sasol’s seven decades in business, we take

comfort from the Group’s resilience. However, we do not take

it for granted. We understand the extent of the work that

is required to navigate successfully through the immediate

macroeconomic storm as well as the substantial changes that

are required to ensure the long-term sustainability of the

Group in a low oil price and carbon-constrained world.

We look forward to working collaboratively with our many

partners across the globe as we endeavour to regain their

confidence and secure Future Sasol that is resilient and indeed

fit-for-the-future.

Sipho Nkosi

Chairman

21 August 2020

Sipho Nkosi

Chairman

In our 70-year history we have faced and overcome many challenges.

Our deeply entrenched 'can-do' spirit drives our perseverance and has

“enabled Sasol to deliver, even in times of great uncertainty.

“

Sasol Integrated Report 2020

7

Strategic positioning

CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

Sasol Integrated Report 2020

6

The Group’s revised strategy focuses on areas where we

believe there are good value growth prospects, which are low

risk and with lower-carbon intensity, informed by evolving

consumer needs and powerful megatrends.

Furthermore, we have narrowed Sasol’s portfolio to focus on

two businesses – Chemicals and Energy – pursuing customer-

led growth in select markets, while resizing the upstream

portfolio to focus on gas in Southern Africa and discontinuing

oil growth activities in West Africa.

We remain firmly committed to transitioning to a lower-

carbon world and developing solutions to meet our

sustainability goals. The Board is working closely with

management to deliver a credible greenhouse gas (GHG)

reduction roadmap to meet our 2030 target and develop a

longer-term emission reduction ambition to 2050. The 2030

roadmap has been published in the Climate Change Report CCR .

In our 70-year history we have faced and overcome many

challenges. Our deeply entrenched ‘can-do’ spirit drives our

perseverance and has enabled Sasol to deliver, even in times

of great uncertainty. Evidence of this includes our track record

of beating cost targets. We strongly believe we will emerge

from this crisis a stronger, more resilient Group.

Our safety performance

It is with a heavy heart that I report six fatalities this year:

three employees and three contractors tragically lost their

lives in work-related incidents. On behalf of the Board and

all Sasol people, I convey our sincerest condolences to the

families, friends and colleagues of those who died.

‘Eliminating fatalities and improving our culture’ is one

of the Group’s five material matters identified in the

year (see material matters on page 42). Any loss of life is

unacceptable. As the Board, we are continuing to work with

management to drive focused interventions to proactively

address the prevention of fatalities and high-severity

injuries.

To contain and prevent the spread of COVID-19, I am pleased

that management acted swiftly in implementing all regulatory

requirements and necessary workplace controls and continues

to actively monitor and mitigate the impact.:

Dear stakeholders

Since commencing my tenure as President and CEO of Sasol

on 1 November 2019, the Group has faced unprecedented

challenges.

Financial year 2020, which we indicated would be our peak

gearing period, saw our stretched balance sheet come under

significant pressure, initially with the collapse in the Brent

crude oil price to 21-year lows and then the onset of the

COVID-19 pandemic.

The virus spurred a sudden drop in commodity prices, while

also suppressing product demand and causing general

economic decline. Additionally, we suffered credit rating

downgrades as a result of the volatile macro environment.

Responding to these new challenges in the second half of

our financial year required a deliberate and swift pivot in our

priorities to stabilise our business in the short term, while

charting a path forward to long-term sustainability under a

revised strategy and operating model. This we drove through a

comprehensive response plan ultimately aimed at

resetting Sasol.

Factors driving our strategic reset

Significant internal and external issues, both short and long

term in nature, have compelled us to reset Sasol.

In the short term, two critical factors spurred our

comprehensive response plan.

First, as the COVID-19 storm emerged, Sasol’s financial position

was already under severe pressure. The balance sheet was

heavily geared due to the additional spend that was required

to complete the Lake Charles Chemicals Project (LCCP). With

high debt levels we cannot pay dividends, or invest in new

growth opportunities, and our ability to withstand market

shocks, like COVID-19, is weakened.

Second, the market was extremely volatile. In South Africa

and other parts of the world we have seen dramatic falls in

product prices and witnessed a steep decline in demand due to

lockdowns.

The need to restore financial stability drove our self-help cash

conservation measures which were introduced in the second

half of the year. These measures are intended to restore

financial stability in the short term and beyond.

In the first half of financial year 2020, we were planning

on a US$60 per barrel oil price. Now, we need to plan in a

US$45/bbl environment. This is a very significant change.

Many of our assets are also at risk of diminishing returns.

What this means is that with lower oil prices and higher

feedstock costs, we face the risk of lower returns on our

invested capital.

Additionally, we need to take account of shifting investor

expectations requiring a more focused portfolio and higher

delivery of value from Sasol.

Finally, increasing societal pressure to reduce our carbon

emissions will remain. Globally there is an enhanced focus on

sustainability, which Sasol supports, and we want to take a

leadership role in South Africa’s transition to a lower-carbon

economy by helping develop gas as a key feedstock and

renewables as a secondary energy source. We will leverage our

engineering and energy expertise to drive low-carbon energy

solutions and help the country meet its international climate

change commitments.

Many of these factors are not new and our strategy has

been evolving to take account of them in recent years. The

events of 2020 and the financial pressures we faced required

an acceleration in our strategic response to fundamentally

reset Sasol.

Urgent steps to survive the crisis

With the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic we took urgent

steps to stabilise the Group in the short term. This entailed:

• Conserving cash through self-help management actions in

operational and capital expenditure of US$1 billion in 2020

with a further US$1 billion in financial year 2021.

• Accelerating asset disposals and delivering proceeds in

excess of the targeted US$2 billion.

• Pursuing a rights issue of up to US$2 billion.

I am pleased to report that by year-end:

• We exceeded our self-help target of US$1 billion by

curtailing discretionary capital and limiting sustenance

capital to the minimum level required to maintain safe and

reliable operations. Furthermore, we optimised external

spend and implemented cost saving measures across

various human capital levers. This culminated in our

best working capital performance yet and a robust cost

performance.

• On asset divestments, we concluded the establishment of

our joint venture explosives business with Enaex and sold

our interest in the Escravos GTL plant in Nigeria to Chevron.

In July 2020, we signed an exclusive negotiation agreement

STABILISING THE

BUSINESS AND RESETTING

FUTURE SASOL

with Air Liquide to own and operate our 16 air separation

units at our Secunda complex for proceeds of approximately

R8,5 billion. The proceeds from these transactions make a

substantial contribution to our targeted divestments.

• Progress on a partnering transaction in our Base

Chemical assets in United States (US) is far advanced and

announcements will be made at the appropriate time.

All our actions have culminated in a net debt to EBITDA ratio

of 4,3 times. We successfully agreed with our lenders to

waive the covenant at June 2020 and lift the December 2020

covenant from 3,0 times to 4,0 times.

We will pursue a rights issue of up to US$2 billion in the

second half of financial year 2021. Cash flow generation and

divesting of non-core assets will all contribute to re-instating

the dividend at a time when net debt to EBITDA is below 2,0

times.

Advancing our strategy for long-term value

A key part of our comprehensive response plan was to look

beyond near-term measures and position the business for

sustained profitability in a low oil price environment. This

entailed reviewing and updating our strategy to bring

greater focus to our portfolio and transition Sasol to a

lower-carbon future.

Future Sasol will comprise two market-focused businesses,

Chemicals and Energy. A key decision as a result of this is the

discontinuation of all oil growth activities in West Africa and

resizing our upstream portfolio to focus on gas. The revision of

our strategy aims to have a greater focus on value realisation

for all stakeholders, business sustainability and enhanced cash

generation. It acknowledges the need to streamline what was

previously a complex and wide portfolio.

The Chemicals Business will transform our portfolio towards

specialty chemicals in which we enjoy differentiated

capabilities and strong market positions that can be expanded

over time. We will continue to focus on our commodity

chemicals portfolio, however this will diminish over time as we

focus more on specialty chemicals.

The Energy Business comprises the Southern African value

chain and associated assets and will be positioned for higher

cash generation through improved margins, cost efficiency

and divesting of assets with low returns. This business will

also pursue GHG reduction through a focus on gas as a key

complementary feedstock and renewables as a secondary

energy source. These will be critical enablers to achieve our

2030 GHG reduction target and our longer-term sustainability

aspirations.

These two businesses will be fully accountable for profit

and loss, management of resources and capabilities. A lean

corporate centre will enable the businesses by fostering

synergies and integrating activities, setting strategic

boundaries and allocating capital. These developments will

support improved financial returns.

In tandem, resetting our strategy necessitated a revised

operating model, which will become effective on 1 November

2020. The top leadership structure has already been realigned

and optimised to enable this new model. Our intent with

Future Sasol is to deliver a Group that is streamlined, focused

and positioned to succeed. It is therefore a matter of much

regret that not all our employees will be able to make the

journey to the new Sasol. In this, unfortunately, we have no

choice. We have to put the sustainability of Sasol first, and the

steps we are following are taken with only this in mind.

Future Sasol will not only look different, it will behave

differently, requiring a change in culture and ways of working,

and will be more open to partnering arrangements. It will

remain heavily committed to South Africa and plans to work

closely with the government to align with the country’s energy

and economic goals.

Megaproject on cusp of completion

The LCCP in United States has essentially reached completion.

The ethane cracker achieved beneficial operations in August

2019 and by year-end, five out of the six downstream

chemicals units were fully operational, with the most recent

Ziegler and Guerbet alcohols units reaching beneficial

operations in June 2020. These milestones have brought the

online capacity of LCCP’s specialty chemicals units to 100%

and LCCP’s total online nameplate capacity to 86%. The low-

density polyethylene (LDPE) plant is the last remaining unit to

bring the capacity of the LCCP to 100%. We expect the LDPE to

reach beneficial operations in October 2020.

The completion of the specialty chemicals units cements

our position as having the broadest integrated alcohols and

surfactants portfolio in the world and further strengthens

recognition of our leading position in chemicals for essential

care markets such as laundry, home care, personal care and

hygiene.

Fleetwood Grobler

President and

Chief Executive Officer

Strategic positioning

PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S STATEMENT

A swift and decisive response was required to stabilise our business in the

short term, while charting a path forward to long-term sustainability under

“a revised strategy and operating model.

“

Sasol Integrated Report 2020

9

Sasol Integrated Report 2020

8:

