Managing Director, appointed 21 January 2015

Location: Australia

56

South32:

Managing Director positions in

smelting operational management. She held other

senior positions, including: Managing Director

Technical Services where she led Rio Tinto’s

global technical services unit, and President and

Chief Executive Officer where she led the Borate

business with integrated mining, processing,

and supply chain operations in the United States,

Europe and Asia.

Since her retirement from Rio Tinto in 2014,

Dr Liu has held the positions of Non-Executive

Director Newcrest Mining Limited (including as a

member of the Human Resources & Remuneration

Committee, Audit & Risk Committee and

Nominations Committee), and Non-Executive

Director Incitec Pivot Limited (including as a

member of Audit & Risk Committee and HSEC

Committee). She was previously a Non-Executive

Director of Iluka Resources Limited until April

2019. These roles have contributed to Dr Liu’s skills

and experience in remuneration, acquisition and

divestment.

Dr Liu has been the Chancellor, Queensland

University of Technology since January 2020. She

held the office of Director, Melbourne Business

School until October 2019. She has also served

as a board member of the California Chamber of

Commerce and Vice President of the Board of the

Australian Aluminium Council.

Dr Liu is a Fellow of the Australian Academy

of Technological Science and Engineering, a

Fellow of the Australasian Institute of Mining and

Metallurgy and a member of Chief Executive

Women.

Current ASX listed directorships:

–

Newcrest Mining Limited: Independent

Non-Executive Director since September

2015; and

–

Incitec Pivot Limited: Independent

Non-Executive Director since November 2019.

Previous ASX listed directorships:

–

Iluka Resources Limited: Independent

Non-Executive Director February 2016 until

April 2019.

Other Directorships and Offices:

–

Chancellor, Queensland University of

Technology, since January 2020.

Dr Mtoba is a chartered accountant with an

extensive career in business and community

engagement in South Africa. In addition, she

brings valuable sustainability and environmental

experience to the South32 Board.

Dr Mtoba joined Deloitte and Touche South Africa

in 1988, specialising in financial services. She

became one of the first African Black women to

be appointed as a Partner by one of the Big Four

accounting firms and was later appointed the

first African woman Deputy

Managing Director of Alcoa

in Australia from 2001 until 2008, leading an

integrated business comprised of bauxite mining,

alumina refining, coal mining, power generation

and aluminium smelting. This included operations

in Victoria and Western Australia. His prior role

at Alcoa included accountability for its Asia-

Pacific manufacturing operations in China, Japan,

Korea and Australia. He joined Alcoa in 1979

after working as an engineer in the iron ore and

telecommunications sector.

Since 2008, Mr Osborn has worked as a Non-

Executive Director in the mining, construction and

energy industries. He was also Chairman of the

Australian Institute of Marine Science, Chairman

of the Western Australia Branch of the Australia

Business Arts Foundation and Vice President of

the Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Western

Australia.

Mr Osborn is currently a Non-Executive Director

of Wesfarmers Limited (including membership of

the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination

Committee).

He has been awarded a WA Business Leader

Award in 2007 for his work with the Australian

Business Arts Foundation and an Australian

Institute of Company Directors excellence award

in 2018.

Mr Osborn is a Fellow of the Australian Academy

of Technological Sciences and Engineering and

International Fellow of the Explorers Club (New

York).

Current ASX listed directorships:

–

Wesfarmers Limited: Independent

Non-Executive Director since March 2010.

Mr Rumble has more than 40 years of experience

in the resources industry, specifically in titanium

and platinum mining. He also has experience

as a principal investor and private equity fund

manager in Russia, India and other emerging

markets. This combination of skills and knowledge

are a valuable contribution to the South32 Board.

Mr Rumble has held various leadership roles

including CEO of SUN Mining (a wholly-owned

entity of the SUN Group), CEO of Impala Platinum

(Pty) Ltd and CEO of Rio Tinto Iron and Titanium

Inc in Canada. He also worked for Verref, a division

of the Anglo American Corporation, prior to joining

Richards Bay Minerals in 1980, working in smelting

and metallurgy, progressing to General Manager

and later CEO in 1996.

Mr Rumble has been a Non-Executive Director of

a variety of private companies, including Platinum

Mining Corporation of India PLC, Barplats Holdings

Limited, Western Platinum (Pty) Limited, Eastern

Platinum (Pty) Limited and Sarplat Investments

Limited. He was also an independent Non-

Executive Director at BHP Billiton plc and BHP

Limited and at JSE-listed Aveng Limited.

In November 2019, Mr Rumble retired as a

Member of Board of Governors, Rhodes University

and was appointed an Honorary Life Governor

(Rhodes University).

Mr Rumble completed the Stanford (US) Executive

Program in 1990.

Other Directorships and Offices:

–

Director, South32 South Africa Energy Coal

Holdings (Pty) Ltd;

–

Director, Acetologix Pty Limited;

–

Director, Enzyme Technologies (Pty) Limited;

–

Director, Elite Wealth (Pty) Limited; and

–

Trustee, World Wildlife Fund, South Africa.

Mr Wayne Osborn

Dip Elect Eng, MBA, FAICD, FTSE, 68

Independent Non-Executive Director

Appointed 7 May 2015

Chair of the Remuneration Committee

Location: Australia

Mr Keith Rumble

BSc, MSc (Geology), 66

Independent Non-Executive Director

Appointed 27 February 2015

Chair of the Sustainability Committee

Location: South Africa

II. Governance

I

III

IV

V

59

Annual Report 2020:

Managing Director

Date: 3 September 2020

II. Governance

I

III

IV

V

63

Annual Report 2020:

LETTER FROM OUR REMUNERATION

COMMITTEE CHAIR: Dear Shareholders,

On behalf of the Board, I’m pleased to present

the Remuneration report for the year ended

30 June 2020.

This report aims to describe, in a simple and

transparent way, our approach to remunerating

Executive key management personnel (KMP)

and the key principles that underpin our Reward

Framework, as well as remuneration for our

Non-Executive

Managing Director

Dated 3 September 2020

Directors’ declaration

138

South32:

