Managing Director

of Livelihood Investment, Market Development and Investment Consulting Department.

Mr Liu is an excursionist, having been to 39 African countries, applying superior analytical

aptitude for cost-saving and management control of companies.

Mr Sun Pingan

Mr Lincoln V. Ngculu

Independent Non-executive Director, Chair of Audit and Risk Committee

Bachelor of Commerce

Appointed: 22 August 2014

Leadership roles: Metorex/Jinchuan Group

Skills, expertise and experience: Corporate finance, investment banking, public offers,

BEE strategies, corporate governance, risk management and strategic management.

OUR LEADERSHIP

INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2020:

Managing Director of Livelihood Investment, Market Development and Investment Consulting

Department. Mr Liu is an excursionist, having been to 39 African countries, applying superior analytical

aptitude for cost-saving and management control of companies.

Mr Jianguo Henry Liu:

letter, terms, audit plan, and budgeted audit fees.

The Committee performed the following

responsibilities for external audit:

• Recommended the appointment of an external

auditor and carried out its oversight duties in

the external audit process. In this regard the

Committee:

– Nominated the external auditor for appointment

by the shareholders;

– Recommended the Board approve the annual

audit fee and terms of engagement of the

external auditor;

– Monitored and reported on the independence of

the external auditor in the AFS;

– Defined a policy for non-audit services and pre-

approved the non-audit services to be provided

by the external auditor;

– Ensured there is a process for the Committee

to be informed of any reportable irregularities

as defined in the Auditing Profession Act, 2005,

identified and reported by the external auditor;

– Reviewed the quality and effectiveness of the

external audit process; and

– Considered whether the audit firm and, where

appropriate, the individual auditor responsible

for performing the functions of auditor, are

accredited on the JSE List of Accredited Auditors

and their advisors, as required by the JSE Listings

Requirements.:

Director's performance supported by the Finance

Team.

GOING CONCERN

The Committee reviewed the documents prepared

by management in which they assessed the going

concern status of the Company and its subsidiaries

at year-end and the near future. Management

concluded that the Group was a going concern.

The Committee resolved and recommended

acceptance of this conclusion to the Board.

BPM employees busy with mini risk assessment

Our performance (continued)

Intellectual capital – Corporate Governance (continued):

