Managing Director for Astral’s Feed Division, and later appointed to

Astral’s Board in 2006. In 2009 Chris was appointed as Chief Executive Officer of Astral.

External appointments: None

Johan Andries Ignatius (Dries) Ferreira (45)

BCom, BCom (Hons), CA(SA)

Chief Financial Officer

Appointed 2023

Experience: Dries graduated from the University of Port Elizabeth (now NMU) and later qualified as a Chartered

Accountant (SA) in 2004 after completing his articles with PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc. He was appointed Chief

Financial Officer and executive director of Dawn Limited in 2007. Dries has extensive experience serving as Executive

Director. He was the CEO of WellCapital (Pty) Ltd, providing C-suite solutions to African and European clients and also

the CFO and Executive Director of Newpark Real Estate Investment Trust Limited, a listed South African-based REIT

focused on investing in A-Grade properties in prime locations. He was appointed as CFO Designate from 10 January

2022 and on the retirement of Daan Ferreira, appointed to CFO effective 2023.

External appointments: None

Gary Desmond Arnold (51)

BSc Agric (Hons), MSc Agric, MBA, Pr.Sci.Nat.

Group Chief Operating Officer

Appointed 1 May 2012 as an Executive Director

Appointed 1 October 2021 as Group Chief Operating Officer

Experience: Gary started his career in 1997 as Animal Nutritionist for Meadow Feeds Delmas and Meadow Feeds

Welkom. In 1998 he was appointed as the Technical Manager for Meadow Feeds Delmas and in 2001 he was appointed

as the Technical Manager for Meadow Feeds northern region.

In 2004 he was appointed as the: Managing

Managing Director: Feed

Michael joined Meadow Feeds in 1987. In 2017 he was promoted to his current position as: Managing

Dear shareholders

Astral Integrated Report for the year ended 30 September 2023

64

ESG SUSTAINABILITY REPORT:

Dear shareholders

SECTION 1: COMPOSITION, ATTENDANCE AND TERMS OF REFERENCE

Astral Integrated Report for the year ended 30 September 2023

68

ESG SUSTAINABILITY REPORT:

Managing Director: Poultry Commercial: Managing

Managing Director and Divisional Finance

Executive, and the business unit COO and Finance Executive.

Non-Executive Directors’ fees

The Non-Executive Directors’ proposed fees for 2024 as well as the fees received during the 2023 financial year:

20241

R’000

2023

R’000

Chairman of the Board

565

565

Member of the Board

393

393

Lead Independent Director

249

249

Chairman of the Audit and Risk Management Committee

319

319

Member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee

166

166

Chairman of the Human Resources, Remuneration and Nominations Committee

212

212

Member of the Human Resources, Remuneration and Nominations Committee

120

120

Chairman of the Social and Ethics Committee

188

188

Member of the Social and Ethics Committee

112

112

Chairman of the ESG Committee

188

188

Member of the ESG Committee

112

112

1. No increase in Non-Executive Directors’ fees will be proposed at the AGM to be held on 1 February 2024.

The fees are payable on a monthly basis.

Astral Integrated Report for the year ended 30 September 2023

78

ESG SUSTAINABILITY REPORT:

letter and spirit of the

Code of Ethics by observing the highest ethical standards and

ensuring that all business practices are conducted ethically.

A policy provides guidelines as to what constitutes fraud, theft,

corruption, or associated internal irregularities, to outline our

response to these and to detail the procedures to be followed in

order to report such incidents that are suspected or discovered.

Astral has a “zero tolerance” approach towards fraud and corruption

and protects employees who raise concerns relating to fraud and

corruption from victimisation.

Astral continues to use the services of Deloitte to provide an

independent “Tip-offs anonymous” hotline. All incidents reported

are investigated and appropriate action taken in terms of the

relevant policies and disciplinary procedures.

Copies of Astral’s Ethics Policy are displayed on all notice boards,

laminated abridged copies are handed to every employee and the

COO of each business unit is tasked to act as champion for his/her

business unit to ensure that the Ethics Policy is understood and

adhered to by all employees. The Ethics Policy forms a permanent

part of every management agenda and external suppliers are

required to adhere to the Ethics Policy. Any non-adherence is

reported to business unit management and in turn reported to the

CEO and Group COO and ultimately to the Board.

The Code of Ethics deals with:

• complying with all laws, regulations and codes;

• culture, ethics and values;

• dealing openly and honestly with customers, suppliers and other

stakeholders;

• respecting and protecting privacy and confidentiality;

• respecting human rights and dignity of employees;

• social responsibility;

• guidelines in respect of receiving and giving gifts and

entertainment;

• prohibiting the acceptance of bribes, directly or indirectly;

• prohibiting the payment or offering of bribes;

• integrity of financial information;

• protection of confidential information;

• protection and use of Group property;

• conflict of interest; and

• action on contravention of the Code of Ethics.

In terms of accountability, all employees are required to:

• commit to individual conduct in accordance with the Code of

Ethics;

• observe both the spirit and the: letter of the law in their dealings

on the Group’s behalf;

• recognise the Group’s responsibility to its shareholders,

customers, employees, suppliers and to society;

• conduct themselves as responsible members of society, giving

due regard to health, safety and environmental concerns, and

human rights, in the operation of the Group’s business; and

• report any suspected breach of the law or the Code of Ethics to

the Internal Audit Department or the Board who will protect

those who report violations in good faith.

The Board accepts overall responsibility for the adherence to the

Code of Ethics and has no reason to believe that there has been

any material non-adherence to the Code of Ethics during the year

under review. The Code of Ethics is reviewed on a regular basis by

the Social and Ethics Committee.

A copy of the Code of Ethics is available on our website,

www.astralfoods.com.

Astral Integrated Report for the year ended 30 September 2023

81

Dear shareholders

On behalf of the Human Resources, Remuneration and Nominations Committee (“REMCOM” or “the committee”) and the Board,

I take pleasure in presenting the 2023 committee report. Through the REMCOM, the Board continuously advances remuneration

policies that are aligned with Astral’s strategic objectives. The Group’s Remuneration Policy and Implementation Report adhere

to sound corporate governance principles, build and retain strong and experienced management teams and enable a culture of

shared value for all stakeholders.

The Board acknowledges that the volatile local socio-economic environment driven by the load shedding crisis, failed public

infrastructure, record levels of unemployment and an accelerated critical skills drain out of South Africa represent the foremost

risk to our ability to sustain shareholder returns. Failing to mitigate the risk of attracting, developing and retaining skills to

manage the magnitude of daily operational risks against the backdrop of South Africa becoming a failed state will have dire

consequences for all stakeholders. REMCOM remains committed to mitigating these risks. The remuneration strategy to attract,

retain and develop Human Capital to deliver shareholder value is a key focus of this committee. Appropriate remuneration is a

critical component of this. Shareholders are therefore ardently advised that the prominence of Astral’s Human Resources and

Remuneration Policies to retain critical talent cannot be emphasised enough and requires responsible consideration.

REMCOM directs and formulates a strategic Human Resources Policy Framework that aligns adequate skills with financial and

non-financial performance thresholds and appropriate employee reward. This is done within a transparent, fair, and

comprehensive corporate governance remuneration framework to advance shareholder value.

REMCOM continuously reviews, analyses and benchmarks its policies against market practice and peer competitors. During the

year, the committee received guidance from external advisors regarding the remuneration of Executive Directors, Prescribed

Officers and fees payable to Non-Executive Directors. The committee remains committed to Astral’s values of transparency,

integrity, accountability, sustainability, and governance compliance. Review of national earning surveys ensure Astral to continue

paying a living wage for entry-level skilled employees. Furthermore, the constant focus on skills development, promoting trained

and dedicated employees from within and diversify employment opportunities across all employment categories contributes to

developing loyal staff and addressing pay inequalities.

This report deals with functional sections of REMCOM’s responsibilities and provides an overview of the 2023 activities against

its annual work plan to enable Human Resources performance objectives within a fair, responsible and best in class policy

framework. The report also comprehensively deals with shareholder feedback regarding the comments received from shareholders

during the 2023 AGM interactions.

I would like to thank the members of REMCOM for their hard work, commitment and contributions to achieve our objectives for

the year. I also commend the Non-Executive Directors and the CEO for their decision to decline the 1 October 2023 fee

adjustment and TGP salary increase offered.

A sincere thank you to Astral’s Board, executives, management and employees who worked tirelessly during difficult and

unprecedented times to safeguard and protect shareholder investments. The Astral team has gone beyond their call of duty and

the committee applauds their hard work, dedication and commitment.

Willie Potgieter

Chairman

Astral Integrated Report for the year ended 30 September 2023

83:

Managing Director

1.5 x annual TGP

Prescribed Officer

1.5 x annual TGP

3.1.2 Introduction of non-financial performance thresholds under the LTI Scheme

REMCOM introduced ESG performance thresholds under the LTI Policy. Subsequently, the percentage allocation for the

performance conditions were amended. Please refer to Section 3.5.2 (LTI Policy) on page 99 for further details.

3.1.3 The introduction of an interim business Turnaround Incentive Scheme (TIS)

The current operational and financial requirements caused by extraordinary external factors such as load shedding, water

shortages, HPAI outbreaks and subdued consumer spending necessitates the introduction of this scheme over the short to

medium term. The Group was adversely affected by these factors and suffered substantial cash losses as a result.

This self-funded scheme will provide a structure for incentive remuneration to eligible executive members and relates to cash

generated and the financial performance of Astral for the 2024 and 2025 financial years.

This scheme is introduced to ensure that:

• short-term business turnaround objectives introduced are motivated through financial rewards for the eligible participants.

This is done to ensure the long-term sustainability of the Group’s strategic objectives for the 2024 and 2025 financial years;

• critical skills are retained over the long term; and

• incentive awards payable to executive members under this scheme will continue to be based on financial thresholds being

achieved in full. However, up to a 10% penalty on awards will be imposed for not achieving non-financial and ESG targets.

3.2 Remuneration Framework

Astral’s Remuneration Policy is structured within the framework of the Group’s reward strategy to attract, motivate, reward and retain

the highest calibre of talent successfully. The alignment and performance of applied Human Capital continues to deliver shareholder

returns (over the short, medium and long term) and achieving strategic objectives within Astral’s risk appetite. The achievement of

positive outcomes for both shareholders and employees are driven by the ethical Astral culture and its adherence to responsible and

accountable corporate citizenship.

Astral’s integrated reward framework comprises the following elements:

• total guaranteed package (TGP);

• Short-Term Incentives (STI);

• Long-Term Incentives (LTI);

• recognition programmes, including a long service award programme;

• succession planning and skills development, with supported learning and development programmes;

• employee wellbeing, through an integrated wellness programme; and

• employee benefit administration in terms of insurances, retirement funds, medical aids and conditions of employment.

PART 3: REMUNERATION POLICY

Astral Integrated Report for the year ended 30 September 2023

93:

Managing Director

120%

150%

Executive management

100%

125%

Senior management

80% to 100%

100% to 125%

The EVA for Astral during the period 2014 to 2023 compared to STI allocations were as follows:

Astral Integrated Report for the year ended 30 September 2023

96

ESG SUSTAINABILITY REPORT:

Managing Director

Other executives

0% – 100%

≥100%

125%

3.4.4.4 Performance threshold split:

• 100% of awards under this scheme is based on cash flow generated targets achieved;

• up to a 10% penalty on awards under this scheme will be imposed if non-financial and ESG targets are not

achieved;

• the settlement of awards under this scheme is 100% in cash; and

• incentive awards payable to Executive Directors under this scheme will continue to be based on financial thresholds

being achieved in full. However, up to a 10% penalty on awards will be imposed for not achieving non-financial and

ESG targets.

3.4.5 PBIT Incentive Bonus Scheme at divisional and operational level

The incentive bonus payable to employees participating in this scheme is based on achieving a combination of budgeted

operating profit and an improvement on the previous year’s operating profit, as follows:

• half of the incentive payable is limited to 20% of the excess of operating profit over budget and the other half is limited to

20% of the excess of operating profit over the previous year’s profit; and

• a second limit is also applied, whereby any individual bonus payment may not exceed 20% of the employee’s cost-of-

employment to the Group.

Astral Integrated Report for the year ended 30 September 2023

98

ESG SUSTAINABILITY REPORT:

Managing Director

50%

50%

120%

Executive management

50%

50%

100%

Senior management

100%

Nil

80%

The committee may decide to use a combination of different percentage weightings when making individual allocations (up

to the maximum award quantum).

3.5.2 Long-Term Retention Plan (LRP)

This is a deferred cash scheme introduced as an alternative to share options. It aims to attract and retain critical skills whilst

aligning the performance of executive and senior management with shareholder interest.

The participants within the LRP Scheme are limited to members of executive management and senior management and all

participants are subjected to 100% performance conditions with no guaranteed portion.

The continued use of the LRP Scheme is reviewed by REMCOM based on its sustained reward philosophy.

The LRP allocations are made annually during October and are approved by the committee. Financial and non-financial

performance targets for the specific 36-month period are determined at the time of the allocation. The LRP allocation vests

over the 36-months period, subject to performance targets achieved.

Performance targets are reviewed annually and approved by the committee. Performance targets and LRP allocations are set

for the three-year period and do not change.

Astral Integrated Report for the year ended 30 September 2023

99:

Managing Director – Commercial (R’000): Managing

Managing Director –

Feed and Agriculture (R’000)

0

50

100

150

200

250

300

350

Below expected

performance

On-target

performance

Stretch

performance

Exceptional

performance: Managing

Managing Director: Commercial

5.50%

5.50%

Prescribed Officers: Managing

Managing Director

39 702

5 717

135%

150%: Managing Director

42 976

6 189

147%

150%

Prescribed Officer

27 807

4 004

122%

150%

Prescribed officer

27 722

3 992

122%

150%

Total

6 483 506

64 774

1. Rand value as per the market trading value on 1 October 2023.

2. Scheme participants have 60 months to achieve the 1 October 2023 minimum shareholding requirement introduced.

4.7 Non-Executive Directors' fees

The participation of Non-Executive Directors in the Group is essential to Astral achieving its strategic objectives. Non-Executive

Directors’ annual fees are recommended by the committee with this in mind.

Non-Executive Directors’ fee reviews are subject to independent external benchmarking as governed by the Remuneration Policy. Such

a benchmarking exercise considers comparative JSE-listed companies’ information and the relative size, scale and complexity with

Astral.

In terms of Astral’s MoI, Non-Executive Directors’ fees are approved by the shareholders at the AGM. The current fee level, which

reflects a below inflation 4.5% year-on-year adjustment, was approved by the shareholders at the AGM in February 2023.

The annual adjustment that will be requested for approval from the shareholders at the AGM in February 2024 will be based upon

the considerations as set out in the Notice of AGM available on the

website.

Payments made to Non-Executive Directors in 2023 were as follows:

Name

T Eloff

R’000

DJ Fouché

R’000

TM Shabangu

R’000

S Mayet

R’000

WF Potgieter

R’000

AD Cupido

R’000

Dear shareholders

Our Audit and Risk Management Committee is a formally constituted sub-committee of the Board and in addition to having

specific statutory responsibilities to the shareholders in terms of Section 94 of the Companies Act, it assists the Board by advising

and making submissions on financial reporting, oversight of the risk management process and internal financial controls, external

and internal audit functions and statutory and regulatory compliance.

The committee is satisfied that it has fulfilled its responsibilities as detailed in its Mandate and Terms of Reference for the 2023

financial year.

On behalf of the Audit and Risk Management Committee

Diederik Fouché

Chairman

15 November 2023

Astral Integrated Report for the year ended 30 September 2023

137:

