letter sizing and languages that must

appear on labels. There are also significant conflicts

between the existing Regulations and the draft

Regulations, with extremely short compliance periods.

Other developments being monitored are the drafting

of standard operating procedures for the inspection

of agricultural products; the legal challenge to the

Department of Agriculture, Land Reform and Rural

Development on the seizure of meat analogue

products using product names prescribed for meat

products; updates to compulsory standards and

specifications through the SABS and NRCS;

amendments to various European Union Regulations

affecting, in particular, I&J; updates to the Advertising

Code of Practice to align with EU changes; changes to

skincare products, deodorants and antiperspirants

export regulations for sub-Saharan African countries;

and draft Regulations on the Labelling, Advertising

and Composition of Cosmetics, which will change the

self-regulatory environment of the Cosmetics Industry

to a legislative one with strict requirements.

The Company works closely with relevant industry and

government bodies, such as the Consumer Goods

Council, Business Unity South Africa, the Department

of Health, the Department of Trade and Industry,

DFFE, and the Department of Employment and

Labour, to contribute to the development of sensible

and sustainable legislation and regulations.

The Company’s central marketing and Group legal

functions ensure that there is adherence to laws,

standards, and relevant voluntary codes relating to

marketing and communications, including advertising,

promotions, competitions, and sponsorships.

All applicable labelling legislation is regularly

reviewed and, where appropriate, changes to

Company packaging are made. The research and

development and regulatory managers in the

subsidiary companies are responsible for ensuring

applicable compliance.

The Company remains a member of a number of

industry associations as set out in more detail in the

stakeholder engagement table.

No judgments, damages, penalties, or fines for

infringement of or non-compliance with consumer or

product-related legislation were recorded and/or

levied against the Company, directors, officers or

employees during the period under review.:

managing director of Consol Limited in 1997 and oversaw the successful

turnaround of that company. He joined the AVI Board in 1999, was

appointed business development director in 2002 and Chief Executive

Officer in October 2005.

Michael Koursaris (46)

Business Development Director and executive director

Qualifications: BCom Finance (Hons), HDip Com Law (Wits),

MBA (Columbia), CFA

Directorships: AVI Limited

Michael joined AVI in 2002 as business development analyst and was

appointed to the role of business development executive in January

2011. Prior to joining AVI Michael held the position of associate at

New York headquartered financial management consultancy Stern

Stewart and Co., working in its Johannesburg office from 1999 to 2002.

Michael was appointed to the AVI Board on 9 September 2013.

Justin C O’Meara (45)

Chief Financial Officer and executive director

Qualifications: BCom Acc (UJ), BCom Acc Hons (UJ), CA(SA)

Directorships: AVI Limited

Justin is a qualified Chartered Accountant. He completed his articles at

KPMG in 2003 whereafter he was employed as Audit Manager and

Senior Audit Manager. Justin joined the AVI Group in 2009 as the NBL

Finance Executive, subsequently being promoted to: AVI Group

Financial Manager (2010), Snackworks Financial Director (2015), and

NBL Financial Director (2017). Justin was appointed to the AVI Board as

Chief Financial Officer on 1 January 2022.

Michael John Watters (64)

Independent non-executive director

Qualifications: Bachelor of Science (Civil Engineering) (University of

Witwatersrand), Graduate Diploma (Project and Financial Management)

(University of Witwatersrand), MBA (University of Cape Town)

Directorships: AVI Limited, Afine Investment Limited

Mike has over 35 years’ business experience in both South African and

international markets. He served as CEO of RDI REIT PLC, a dual listed

(LSE/JSE) property investment company from 2006 until his retirement in

2020. He has held managerial roles in the Corporate Finance Division of

Standard Corporate and Merchant Bank; Nels-Bliss Dairy Group,

Pegasus III, a subsidiary of Anglo American Property Services and the

Corovest Property Group, a subsidiary of Coronation Capital. He has

also held numerous non-executive directorships of listed companies in

SA, UK and Australia. Mike was appointed to the AVI Board on 1 June

2023 and was appointed the Chairman of the Board on 1 July 2023.:

letter on directors’ responsibility on financial controls dated 17 July 2020 to note for

information purposes:

Materiality

In terms of the JSE Listings Requirements (“the Requirements”) financial information must be prepared in accordance

with IFRS. The application of materiality is an important concept dealt with by IFRS. The reference to materiality in

paragraph (a) of the CEO and FD signoff must be interpreted in the context of IFRS.

The second obligation under the CEO and FD sign off rule (as detailed in (b)) must be read in the context of

paragraph (a). The term ‘no’ does not mean a one hundred percent factual correctness but rather that after due,

careful and proper consideration the directors agree that no facts have been omitted or untrue statements made

that would make the Annual Financial Statements (“AFS”) materially false or materially misleading in terms of IFRS.

The directors are responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated annual financial statements

of AVI Limited, comprising the balance sheet at 30 June 2023 and the statements of comprehensive income, changes in

equity and cash flows for the year then ended, the accounting policies and the notes to the financial statements, which

include explanatory notes in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) and the requirements

of the Companies Act of South Africa, and the Directors’ Report.

The directors are also responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of

financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and for maintaining

adequate accounting records and an effective system of risk management.

The directors have made an assessment of the Company and its subsidiaries’ ability to continue as going concerns and

have no reason to believe that they will not be going concerns in the year ahead.

The auditor is responsible for reporting on whether the consolidated annual financial statements are fairly presented in

accordance with the applicable financial reporting framework.

ceo and financial director responsibility

statement

Each of the directors, whose names are stated below, hereby confirm that–

(a) the annual financial statements set out on pages 110 to 180, fairly present in all material respects the financial

position, financial performance and cash flows of the issuer in terms of IFRS;

(b) to the best of our knowledge and belief, no facts have been omitted or untrue statements made that would make

the annual financial statements false or misleading;

(c) internal financial controls have been put in place to ensure that material information relating to the issuer and its

consolidated subsidiaries have been provided to effectively prepare the financial statements of the issuer;

(d) the internal financial controls are adequate and effective and can be relied upon in compiling the annual financial

statements, having fulfilled our role and function as executive directors with primary responsibility for implementation

and execution of controls;

(e) where we are not satisfied, we have disclosed to the audit committee and the auditors deficiencies in design and

operational effectiveness of the internal financial controls, and have taken steps to remedy the deficiencies; and

(f) we are not aware of any fraud involving directors.

SL CRUTCHLEY

JC O’MEARA

Chief Executive Officer

Chief Financial Officer

Designated Financial Director

1 September 2023:

Managing director

Gaynor Poretti

Telephone: +27 (0)11 707 7200

Telefax: +27 (0)11 707 7799

I&J

Irvin & Johnson Holding Company

Proprietary Limited

Reg no: 2004/013127/07

1 Davidson Street

Woodstock

Cape Town 7925

PO Box 1628

Cape Town 8000: Managing director

Jonty Jankovich

Telephone: +27 (0)21 440 7800

Telefax: +27 (0)21 440 7270

Fashion brands

Personal Care

Indigo Brands Proprietary Limited

Reg no: 2003/009934/07

16 – 20 Evans Avenue

Epping 1 7460

PO Box 3460

Cape Town 8000

Acting managing director

Roger Coppin

Telephone: +27 (0)21 507 8500

Telefax: +27 (0)21 507 8501

Footwear & Apparel

A&D Spitz Proprietary Limited

Reg no: 1999/025520/07

30 Sloane Street

Bryanston 2021

PO Box 782916

Sandton 2145

Acting managing director

Simon Crutchley

Telephone: +27 (0)11 707 7300

Telefax: +27 (0)11 707 7763

Directors

Executive

Simon Crutchley1

(Chief Executive Officer)

Owen Cressey1,2

Justin O’Meara1,3

(Chief Financial Officer)

Michael Koursaris

(Business Development Director)

Independent non-executive

Mike Watters (

