Dear Stakeholders,

I was very proud to be appointed Chief

Executive in May 2023. Having worked

at BAT for over three decades, it was an

honour to be given the opportunity to lead

the business.

Despite an increasingly difficult external

environment, I believe we are at a moment

of enormous potential for BAT and the

tobacco and nicotine sector as a whole.

In order to realise that potential, we must

address a number of strategic choices.

Fundamentally, BAT today is a business

built to deliver resilient performance, even

during uncertain times.

Our geographical diversity and multi-

category product portfolio are underpinned

by long-term investments in our brands.

Combined with a culture that values

delivery today while pursuing future

opportunities, we are well positioned to

continue delivering stakeholder value over

the years to come.

Full-Year 2023 Performance

During 2023, the underlying strengths of

BAT were reflected in our performance,

despite a challenging environment. While

total Group revenue declined 1.3%, revenue

at constant currency was up 1.6%, despite

the negative impact due to the sale of Russia

and Belarus partway through the year.

I was pleased with the performances of

AME (with revenue up 5.4%) and APMEA,

although APMEA was impacted by a

translational foreign exchange headwind

which masked a good operating

performance as revenue declined 4.0%

(up 5.5% at constant rates

1). As a result

of a particularly difficult macro-economic

environment, the U.S. was down 5.1%.

There was another strong performance from

our New Categories which are now

profitable at the category contribution level

(two years ahead of our original plan), driven

by higher revenue (up 15.6%, or 17.8% on a

constant currency basis). We currently have

24 million consumers of Non-Combustible

products and revenue from these products

now accounts for 16.5% of Group revenue.

2023 has brought some unique challenges

to the Group, including:

– Having concluded it was no longer

sustainable in the current environment,

I was pleased that we completed the sale

of our Russian and Belarusian businesses

in September 2023. As a result, we no

longer have a presence in Russia or

Belarus and will receive no financial gain

from ongoing sales in these markets; and

– Reflecting the difficult trading

environment in the U.S., uncertainty

regarding the impact of the potential

menthol ban and continued drag on our

legal Vapour business by illicit single-use

products, we have impaired certain U.S.

assets (including goodwill and our

combustible trademarks), recognising

a non-cash charge of £27.3 billion.

In the face of significant turbulence in our

operating environment, I am assured by the

resilience demonstrated by the business.

However, the prospect of ongoing volatility

means that there is no room for complacency

and this necessitates greater strategic clarity.

A Refined Strategy

As I have said before, the direction of our

strategy that was laid out in 2020 remains

the right one. What is required now is a

clearer articulation of our vision and an

improved focus on sharper execution.

The ongoing success of our New

Categories business, combined with the

underlying strengths of BAT, mean that

we are well placed to realise our potential.

Delivering long-term, multi-stakeholder

value has long been our aim. What is now

required is a clearer picture of how that can

create A Better Tomorrow™.

As such, we have refined our strategy

to map out how we plan to deliver for

stakeholders going forward. Underpinning

this is a revised set of values for our

employees. Further details on our strategy

and values can be found on pages 14-17.

For BAT, A Better Tomorrow™ is very clear.

We will work toward Building a Smokeless

World. The way we will do this is by switching

as many smokers as we can to our

smokeless products.

As a business, we are committed to becoming

a predominantly smokeless business,

targeting 50% of our revenue from

Non-Combustibles by 2035. With a refined

strategy, having refreshed my Management

Board and having a new set of Group-wide

values, I believe the business now clearly

understands the areas we need to focus on.

These areas fall under three pillars: Quality

Growth, Sustainable Future and Dynamic

Business.

Quality Growth

Quality Growth marks our transition from

the first stage of our transformation

journey. Where our New Categories focus

was weighted toward revenue growth,

it will now pivot to a more balanced focus

on top-line and bottom-line delivery.

Key to delivering this is a focus on brands

and innovation, efficiency and margin

delivery across our business. We will do this

while maintaining our competitive position,

and progressing our pilot launches for the

long-term into categories Beyond Nicotine.

A core part of this pillar will be stabilising

the performance of our U.S. business.

Despite recent challenges, the U.S. remains

the most profitable tobacco and nicotine

market in the world and a core part of our

future plans to Build a Smokeless World.

While the FDA and state level regulatory

proposals have driven some uncertainty in

the U.S. operating environment, our long

track record of managing regulatory

change gives us confidence that we will

be able to navigate these issues.

BAT Annual Report and Form 20-F 2023

Strategic Report

Governance Report

Financial Statements

Other Information

Overview

Chief Executive’s Review

Building a Smokeless World

8:

Dear Stakeholders,

We are pleased to present our 2023

Combined Annual and Sustainability Report,

underlining the progress made towards our

sustainability commitments.

2023 highlights

We have continued to tackle the

environmental and social impact of our

value chain, including climate change,

biodiversity and underage access of our

products. Key achievements include:

– Progressed towards our 2050 Net Zero

greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions target

and our interim target of a 50% emissions

reduction by 2030;

– Achieved a 33.1% reduction in

Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions in 2023,

and a 12.48% reduction in Scope 3 GHG

emissions in 2022, vs our 2020 baseline.

Our Scope 3 performance is reported

one year later, due to the complexity of

obtaining this data across our global

value chain;

– Embedded further our Underage Access

Prevention and International Marketing

Principles programmes into our Group-

wide Standards of Business Conduct

(SoBC) employee training and sign-off

process; and

– Continued to promote sustainable value

in agriculture, with 93.3% of farmers in

our Thrive Supply Chain also growing

other crops in 2023, and 418,584 farmers

and community members engaged in

human rights training and awareness

programmes.

Delivered ahead of 2025 target:

– Circular economy: Achieved 28.2%

reduction in waste generated in our

own operations - vs our 2017 baseline -

surpassing our 25% reduction target; and

– Water: Achieved a 39.2% reduction in

water withdrawn - vs our 2017 baseline -

surpassing our 35% reduction target.

Leading in Sustainability – a core

component of our corporate strategy

Our strategic purpose is to create

A Better Tomorrow™

by Building a

Smokeless World.

Over the last 10 years, we have developed

and deployed a portfolio of reduced-risk

products

*†, tailored to meet the evolving

preferences of adult consumers.

Our Sustainability strategy focuses on four

cross-cutting Sustainability Priorities:

– Responsible Leadership

in New Categories;

– Create Positive Value in Agriculture;

– Deliver Net Zero GHG Emissions

Across our Value Chain; and

– A Trusted Organisation, Operating

with Integrity.

Through these priorities, we believe we can

make a real difference for consumers and

other stakeholders across our business and

value chain, and for wider society.

Harm Reduction remains key to our Group

strategy. Circularity and responsible

marketing of New Category products are

a focus areas for 2024, as we make

progress towards Building a Smokeless

World.

As the world around us evolves, so too will

our approach to sustainability. We will

continue to challenge ourselves to take a

forward-looking approach to our products,

our governance, our stakeholder engagement,

our goals and targets, and our reporting.

Learn more about our four Sustainability

Priorities on pages 66 and 67

+

Our approach to

sustainability reporting

We have established a cross-functional

team of experts tasked to ensure we are

well prepared to deliver against the

disclosure requirements of the EU

Corporate Sustainability Reporting

Directive (CSRD) in 2026.

Building on the previous year's approach,

this year, we updated our Double

Materiality Assessment (DMA)

1 with

reference to the latest available European

Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS)

at the time of the assessment.

Learn more about our Double Materiality

Assessment on pages 74 to 77

+

BAT Annual Report and Form 20-F 2023

Strategic Report

Governance Report

Financial Statements

Other Information

Sustainable Future

Advancing Sustainability

for A Better Tomorrow™

64:

Managing Director,

Next Generation Products,

Regional Director, Americas

and Sub-Saharan Africa, Chief

Marketing Officer and Chief

Growth Officer.

Fred Monteiro

Regional Director, Americas &

Europe (57)

Nationality: Brazilian

Fred joined the Management

Board on 1 April 2023 as

Regional Director for the

Americas & Europe. His

previous roles include being

Area Director for Central

Europe South and General

Manager of BAT Japan.

Johan Vandermeulen

Chief Operating Officer (56)

Nationality: Belgian

Johan was appointed Group’s

Chief Operating Officer on 1 July

2023. Johan joined the

Management Board in 2014 as

Regional Director for Eastern

Europe, Middle East and Africa,

then became Regional Director,

Asia-Pacific and Middle East in

January 2018. He has been with

the Group for more than 30

years and his previous roles

include General Manager in

Russia and Türkiye and Global

Brand Director for the Kent

brand.

Dr James Murphy

Director, Research and

Science (48)

Nationality: Irish

James was appointed

Director, Research and

Science on 1 March 2023,

having joined the

Management Board on 1

February 2023. He has been

with the Group for more than

17 years in various senior roles

in the Group, including EVP

U.S. Scientific Research &

Development based in the US,

as well as Group Head of

PRRP Science and Regional

Product Manager for

Americas and Sub-Saharan

Africa.

BAT Annual Report and Form 20-F 2023

Strategic Report

Governance Report

Financial Statements

Other Information

137:

letter and spirit, is mandatory for

all our people worldwide.

Our SoBC is regularly reviewed and updated. A revised edition of

our SoBC was introduced in January 2024 (discussed on page 149),

supported by an extensive awareness campaign across the

organisation with emphasis on the role of everyone in the

organisation to act as a first line of defence against any conduct

that does not meet our standards.

Our SoBC includes our Lobbying and Engagement policy,

reinforcing our position that all our engagement activities with

governments, regulators and other external stakeholders must

be conducted with transparency, openness and integrity. It also

includes our Speak Up policy, reflecting the Speak Up channels

for raising any concerns in confidence (anonymously if preferred)

and without fear of reprisal.

The Audit Committee monitors SoBC allegations reported during

the year, and reports to the Board to enable Board oversight of any

behaviour falling short of our standards and corrective actions taken.

Read more about our commitment to delivery with integrity and our Group

Standards of Business Conduct on pages 98 to 99

+

Shaping and Overseeing Culture

The Board oversees and monitors our culture to enable the Board

to be satisfied that it aligns with the Group's purpose, values and

strategy, and is reflected consistently in our workplace policies and

practices. The Board supports our executive management team in

promoting our values in every area of our business.

The Board has considered the Group’s culture in a range of

contexts throughout the year, including through workforce

engagement. Primary indicators used by the Board to gauge

organisational culture and key examples of the Board’s oversight in

2023 are set out below. The effectiveness of the Board's oversight

of culture is considered as part of the annual review of Board

effectiveness (see pages 152 to 153).

Connecting directly with our people

Our Directors participate in visits to markets and operations sites

during the year, spanning trade marketing and distribution

operations, R&D and manufacturing facilities.

These opportunities provide an important lens through which

Directors can assess organisational culture in context. Visits are

structured to enable informal opportunities for Directors to hear

directly from colleagues at different levels of the business and take

an on-the-ground pulse check of our corporate culture.

Kandy Anand and Karen Guerra viewing Modern Oral product

innovations at the Innovations Lab in Stockholm, Sweden.

In September 2023, Luc Jobin, Kandy Anand, Karen Guerra and

Darrell Thomas toured Group operations in Sweden, including a

visit to retail locations in Stockholm to understand local

distribution capabilities, a virtual tour of modern oral

manufacturing at our facilities in Malmö, and an immersive event

with members of our Nordics innovation team to see how our

Modern Oral product developers work directly with consumers to

develop our product pipeline. Their visit concluded with

participation in a townhall and Q&A session, attended by more

than 300 colleagues from our Western Europe operations.

In October 2023, the Directors

1 attended a market visit in Romania

as part of the Board's strategy sessions. The Directors visited retail

outlets in Bucharest to see local trade marketing and distribution

operations and how our local marketing representatives engage

with retailers to promote responsible marketing and age verification.

Since becoming Chief Executive in May 2023, Tadeu Marroco

has engaged with colleagues across the regions, visiting the U.S.,

Germany and Poland in our Central Europe area, and Japan and

China in our North Asia-Pacific area, to discuss their views and

his insights on priorities for business transformation, including

through town hall sessions. The Directors' workforce engagement

programme is discussed further at page 148.

Note:

1. All Directors attended this market visit other than Dimitri Panayotopoulos.

Mr Panayotopoulos attended the Board strategy meetings in October 2023

via videoconference.

BAT Annual Report and Form 20-F 2023

Strategic Report

Governance Report

Financial Statements

Other Information

Board Leadership and Purpose

Values and Culture

140:

Director's and

Management Board members’ annual

performance assessments and assessing

development of candidates for

Management Board roles.

– Oversight of the Group’s diversity and

inclusion agenda, its role in promoting

an inclusive and high-performing culture

as part of the Group’s talent strategy,

and progress in building diverse talent

pipelines and creating enablers across

the organisation.

Balance and Diversity

The Board appreciates the benefits of

diversity in all of its forms, within its own

membership and at all levels across our

organisation. Our Non-Executive Directors

come from a broad range of industry and

professional backgrounds, with varied

experience and expertise aligned to the

Group’s strategy.

Biographies of the Directors, including

a summary of their skills, experience and

contribution to the Board, are set out on

pages 132 to 135 with details of the

representation of key diversity attributes

on our Board.

Our Board Diversity & Inclusion Policy is

discussed on page 157. We report Board and

executive management diversity data on

page 158 in accordance with the UK Listing

Rules requirements. Currently, 45% of our

Directors are women and 27% from an

ethnic minority background (as defined

by the UK Office of National Statistics).

Nominations Committee terms of reference

The Committee’s terms of reference align with the requirements of the UK Corporate

Governance Code.

Revised terms of reference for the Committee were introduced with effect from

1 September 2023 to reflect changes to the structure of executive management roles.

For the Committee’s terms of reference see

www.bat.com/governance

+

BAT Annual Report and Form 20-F 2023

Strategic Report

Governance Report

Financial Statements

Other Information

Composition, Succession, Evaluation

Nominations Committee

154:

letter accompanying the 2024

AGM Notice confirms that all Non-

Executive Directors being proposed for

re-election are effective and that they

continue to demonstrate commitment

to their roles.

Notes:

1. Heidrick & Struggles International, Inc. is an independent

executive search firm, which applies the Standard and

Enhanced Codes of Conduct for Executive Search Firms.

The firm has no connections with the Company or its

Directors other than in respect of the provision of

executive search services.

2. Number of meetings in 2023: (a) the Committee held

seven meetings, four of which were ad hoc. Three

meetings of the Committee are scheduled for 2024;

(b) Kandy Anand did not attend the scheduled meeting

in February 2023 due to unforeseen personal

circumstances; (c) Sue Farr did not attend the ad hoc

meeting in January 2023 convened at short notice due

to prior commitments; (d) Dimitri Panayotopoulos did

not attend the ad hoc meeting in June 2023 and the

scheduled meeting in July 2023 due to illness.

3. Membership: (a) all members of the Committee are

independent Non-Executive Directors in accordance

with UK Corporate Governance Code 2018 Provisions

10 and 17, applicable U.S. federal securities laws and

NYSE listing standards; (b) Murray Kessler joined the

Committee on 6 November 2023 on his appointment to

the Board; (c) Serpil Timuray joined the Committee on

4 December 2023 on her appointment to the Board;

(d) Savio Kwan ceased to be a member of the

Committee on stepping down from the Board at the

conclusion of the AGM on 19 April 2023.

4. Other attendees: the Chief Executive and the Chief

People Officer attend meetings by invitation but not

as members.

BAT Annual Report and Form 20-F 2023

Strategic Report

Governance Report

Financial Statements

Other Information

155:

letter, and other communications with the

Committee, to assess their understanding of the business and

whether recommendations have been acted on (or if not, the

reasons why not acted on);

– provision by the external auditors of non-audit services,

discussed below, and other matters that may impact on their

independence; and

– relevant reviews and reports issued by external regulatory

bodies, including the FRC and the PCAOB.

The Committee’s assessment is further informed by feedback

from the Group's Internal Audit function and from a survey

completed by members of the Group’s senior management to

obtain their perspectives on the effectiveness and quality of the

external auditors’ work.

Audit Committees and the External Audit

Minimum Standard

The Company and its Audit Committee apply the 'Audit

Committees and the External Audit: Minimum

Standard' (Standard), published by the FRC in May 2023.

This Annual Report and Form 20-F, and particularly this Audit

Committee report, sets out how the Standard has been applied

during the year. Pages noted below refer to specific discussion

relevant to the application of the Standard in this Annual Report

and Form 20-F.

Responsibilities

The Committee's responsibilities are set out in its terms of

reference, available at www.bat.com/governance. An overview

of the Committee's responsibilities is provided at page 159 and

the Committee's work programme for the year is discussed at

page 160.

The Chair of the Committee provides a briefing to the Board

following each Committee meeting covering the Committee's

activities, including how it has undertaken its responsibilities in

relation to the external audit.

The annual investor engagement programme provides a range

of opportunities for shareholders to engage with the Company

on governance topics, including the scope of the external audit.

The Chair and other members of the Committee are available

to meet with major shareholders on request. There were no

requests from shareholders in 2023 for any specific matters

to be covered in the audit.

Tendering

How the Committee has carried out its responsibilities in

relation to the external audit tender process for the 2025

financial year is discussed on page 167, with details of the

criteria used to make the selection and the process followed.

All members of the Committee were involved throughout the

external audit tender process conducted during the year.

Oversight of auditors and audit

The Committee is responsible for overseeing and assessing

the external audit and the external auditors. The Committee's

approach to reviewing the effectiveness of the external audit

process and the external auditors' independence and

objectivity is discussed at page 165. The Group maintains an

Auditor Independence Policy set out at page 166 and its

application is overseen by the Committee.

The Committee has reviewed the FRC's audit quality inspection

and supervision report issued in respect of KPMG in July 2023

and has discussed the findings of that report with the External

Audit Partner.

Reporting

The work of the Committee during the year is set out in the

Audit Committee's report, including significant issues that the

Committee considered in relation to the financial statements

at page 161. An explanation of the application of the Group's

accounting policies is provided in the Notes on the Accounts

at pages 215 to 219.

Information about the FRC's review of the Company's Annual

Report and Accounts to 31 December 2022 is set out on page

168. There were no other regulatory inspections in relation to

the Company's financial statements or audit for financial year

2022. Information about the limited scope review of the

Company's Annual Report and Accounts to 31 December 2021

conducted by the FRC is provided in the Annual Report and

Form 20-F for 2022.

The external auditors provided certain non-audit services

to the Group during the year and information on how auditor

independence and objectivity are safeguarded is provided on

pages 165 and 166.

BAT Annual Report and Form 20-F 2023

Strategic Report

Governance Report

Financial Statements

Other Information

165:

letter and the scope of audit

services is agreed by the Committee with the external auditors.

Subject to the restrictions specified in the AIP, the external

auditors may also provide certain non-audit services with the prior

approval of the Committee. The requirement for the Committee’s

pre-approval of non-audit services may be waived only if the

aggregate amount of all non-audit services provided is less than

5% of the total amount paid to the external auditors during the

reporting year, where those services were not recognised to be

non-audit services at the time of engagement, and provided those

services are promptly brought to the attention of the Committee

and their provision is approved prior to completion of the audit in

the relevant reporting year.

The provision of permitted non-audit services must be put to

tender if expected spend exceeds limits specified in the AIP, unless

a waiver of this requirement, in accordance with the terms of the

AIP, is agreed by the Finance Director and notified to the

Committee. The AIP:

– requires Committee pre-approval for all audit, audit-related and

other non-audit services, except in respect of non-audit services

falling within the exceptions described above;

– prohibits the provision of certain types of services by the external

auditors, including those with contingent fee arrangements, expert

services unrelated to audit and other services prohibited by U.S.

securities laws and the PCAOB;

– prohibits the Chief Executive, Finance Director, Group Financial

Controller and Group Chief Accountant (or any person serving

in an equivalent position) from having been employed by the

external auditors in any capacity in connection with the Group

audit for two years before initiation of an audit;

– specifies requirements in respect of audit partner rotation,

including for both the lead and the concurring external audit

partners to rotate off the Group audit engagement at least every

five years, and not to recommence provision of audit or audit-

related services to the Group for a further five years; and

– provides authority for the Committee to oversee any allegations

of improper influence, coercion, manipulation or purposeful

misleading in connection with any external audit, and to review

any issues arising in the course of engagement with the external

auditors.

BAT Annual Report and Form 20-F 2023

Strategic Report

Governance Report

Financial Statements

Other Information

Audit, Risk, Internal Control

Audit Committee

Continued

166:

Dear Shareholders,

On behalf of the Board, I am pleased

to introduce our 2023 Directors’

Remuneration Report. 2023 was

challenging and dynamic in equal

measure. We continued to accelerate

our transformation in line with our strategy:

A Better Tomorrow™, while navigating a

challenging external environment. High

inflation and slower global growth

continued to impact consumers and

business. Yet our revenue, adjusted profit

from operations (on an organic, constant

currency basis) and cash performance

were resilient, thanks to the hard work and

commitment of our people around the

world. We are making great progress in

our New Categories business in what

continues to be a challenging environment,

highlighting the strength and resilience of

our business.

Board Succession

On 15 May 2023, Tadeu Marroco

succeeded Jack Bowles as the Chief

Executive who stepped down after four

years in the role and 19 years with the

Company. The Company has been able

to appoint a new Chief Executive with an

outstanding track record of developing

teams to deliver our transformation.

The remuneration arrangements for the

outgoing and incoming Chief Executive are

in line with the Directors' Remuneration

Policy approved by shareholders and were

disclosed at the time of the announcement.

On appointment, Tadeu's annual base

salary was set at £1,343,700, a 3%

reduction versus his predecessor's salary

as at April 2023 (£1,385,300). The

Committee believes that this salary level

is representative of Tadeu’s skills and

experience and was appropriately

positioned in market terms at the time

of appointment. As a Chief Executive,

Tadeu will continue to receive a pension

allowance of 15% of annual base salary

in line with the contribution level for the

wider UK workforce, and other benefits

as defined by the Directors'

Remuneration Policy.

He will continue to participate in the

Company's existing short-term and long-

term incentive schemes in line with the

Directors’ Remuneration Policy.

Details related to the treatment of the

outgoing:

letter and correspondence

between the Group and the specialist, assessing the assumptions and methods used by the specialist and evaluating the relevance and

reasonableness of the specialist’s findings against independent data sources;

Critically evaluating the Group’s assessment of the potential impact of the proposed menthol ban by evaluating the updates to the FDA

rulemaking process and recent litigations. In addition, assessing and challenging the impact of the proposed menthol ban on the

projected net revenue, long-term growth rates and post-tax discount rates used in the value-in-use based assessment of the

recoverable amount of the goodwill allocated to the Reynolds American cash-generating unit and the Newport and Camel currently

classified indefinite-lived brands by comparing the Group’s projected brand retention rates against actual brand retention rates in other

countries and domestic regions where a menthol ban has been implemented;

BAT Annual Report and Form 20-F 2023

Strategic Report

Governance Report

Financial Statements

Other Information

Financial Statements

Independent Auditor’s Report

@

Continued

198:

letter,

including challenging that it is not possible to reliably estimate any potential liability based on the current status of the proceedings;

Assessing local legal precedents: Assessing relevant historical and recent judgements passed by the judicial court authorities in

relation to the Canadian litigation and reading the related Canadian court rulings in order to challenge Imperial’s interpretation of the

Canadian legal proceedings and the related contingent liability disclosures; and

BAT Annual Report and Form 20-F 2023

Strategic Report

Governance Report

Financial Statements

Other Information

199:

letter

to RJRT, PM USA and ITG, pursuant to the Texas Tobacco

Settlement Agreement, for underpaid sums owed to Texas for

years 2019 through 2022 and a change in the calculation going

forward, asserting that RJRT, PM USA and ITG issued

payments to Texas that were based on unauthorized changes

to the base year 1997 net operating profit by incorporating

into their calculations the lower federal corporate tax rate

enacted in 2018. The State seeks damages in the amount of at

least US$114 million (approximately £89.4 million) cumulative

for 2019 through 2022 (the last year for which there was a

calculation at the time of the demand). In addition, in a: letter

to the independent accounting firm retained by the parties

to calculate settlement payments due under the previously

settled State Settlement Agreements,

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLC (PwC LLC) dated 3 March

2023, Texas requested that PwC LLC’s calculation of the net

operating profit adjustment due to Texas for 2022 be based

on the value fixed in the Mississippi decision (discussed

above) that found the base year 1997 net operating profit to

be used in calculating the net operating profit adjustment was

not affected by the change in the federal corporate tax rate in

2018. On 13 March 2023, the parties entered into an

agreement tolling the statute of limitations for the State to file

a motion to enforce on these issues until 15 May 2023. On

24 March 2023, PwC LLC’s calculation of the net operating

profit adjustment due to Texas for 2022 did not use the value

fixed in the Mississippi decision. On 8 May 2023, PM USA and

RJRT filed a motion to enforce the settlement agreement. On

22 May 2023, Texas filed its opposition and cross-motion to

enforce the settlement agreement. On 30 May 2023, PM USA

and RJRT filed a combined opposition to the cross-motion and

reply in further support of the motion. On 6 June 2023, Texas

filed a reply in support of its cross motion to enforce the

settlement agreement. On 13 June 2023, PM USA and RJRT

filed a sur-reply in response to the State’s reply in support

of cross-motion to enforce the settlement agreement.

The motion and cross-motion are fully submitted.

Tobacco-Related Litigation Outside the U.S.

55. As at 31 December 2023:

a) medical reimbursement actions are being brought

in Angola, Brazil, Canada, Nigeria and South Korea;

b) class actions are being brought in Canada and Venezuela; and

c) active tobacco product liability claims against the Group’s

companies existed in 12 markets outside the U.S. The only

markets with five or more claims were Argentina, Brazil,

Canada, Chile, Nigeria and Italy.

(a) Medical reimbursement cases

Angola

56. In November 2016, BAT Angola affiliate Sociedade Unificada

de Tabacos de Angola (SUT) was served with a collective

action filed in the Provincial Court of Luanda, 2nd Civil Section,

by the consumer association Associação Angolana dos

Direitos do Consumidor (AADIC). The lawsuit seeks damages

of AOA800,000,000 (approximately £745,597) allegedly

incurred by the Angolan Instituto Nacional do Controlo do

Cancro (INCC) for the cost of treating tobacco-related

disease, non-material damages allegedly suffered by certain

individual smokers on the rolls of INCC, and the mandating of

certain cigarette package warnings. SUT filed its answer to

the claim on 5 December 2016. The case remains pending.

Canada

57. On 1 March 2019, the Quebec Court of Appeal handed down

a judgment which largely upheld and endorsed the lower

court’s previous decision in two Quebec class actions (the

Quebec Class Actions), as further described below. The share

of the judgment for Imperial, the Group’s operating company

in Canada, is approximately CAD$9.2 billion (approximately

£5.5 billion). As a result of this judgment, there were attempts

by the Quebec plaintiffs to obtain payment out of the

CAD$758 million (approximately £451 million) on deposit with

the court. JTI-MacDonald Corp (a co-defendant in the cases)

filed for creditor protection under the Companies’ Creditors

Arrangement Act (the CCAA) on 8 March 2019. A court order

to stay all tobacco litigation in Canada against all defendants

(including RJRT and its affiliate R.J. Reynolds Tobacco

International Inc. (collectively, the RJR Companies)) until

4 April 2019 was obtained, and the need for a mediation

process to resolve all the outstanding litigation across the

country was recognised. On 12 March 2019 Imperial filed for

creditor protection under the CCAA. In its application Imperial

asked the Ontario Superior Court to stay all pending or

contemplated litigation against Imperial, certain of its

subsidiaries and all other Group companies that were

defendants in the Canadian tobacco litigation, including

British American Tobacco p.l.c. (the Company), Investments,

Industries and Carreras Rothmans Limited (collectively, the

UK Companies). On 22 March 2019, Rothmans, Benson &

Hedges Inc. also filed for CCAA protection and obtained a stay

of proceedings (together with the other two stays, the Stays).

The Stays are currently in place until 29 March 2024. While

the Stays are in place, no steps are to be taken in connection

with the Canadian tobacco litigation with respect to Imperial,

certain of its subsidiaries or any other Group company. The

parties continue to work towards a plan of arrangement or

compromise in a confidential mediation (by order of the

Court) as part of the CCAA process. The length and ultimate

outcome of the CCAA process, including the resolution of the

underlying legal proceedings, remain uncertain.

BAT Annual Report and Form 20-F 2023

Strategic Report

Governance Report

Financial Statements

Other Information

Financial Statements

Notes on Accounts

Continued

294

letter of LTU and prayed for issuance

of a supplementary rule and stayed the demand: letter. The matter is currently pending before the High Court.

South Korea

In 2016, the Board of Audit and Inspection of Korea (BAI) concluded its tax assessment in relation to the 2014 year-end tobacco inventory,

and imposed additional national excise, local excise, VAT taxes and penalties. This resulted in the recognition of a KRW80.7 billion

(approximately £49 million) charge by Group subsidiaries, Rothmans Far East B.V. Korea Branch Office and BAT Korea Manufacturing

Ltd. Management deems the tax and penalties to be unfounded and has appealed to the tax tribunal against the assessment. On

grounds of materiality and the likelihood of the tax and penalties being reversed in future, the Group classified the tax and penalties

charge as an adjusting item in 2016.

On 23 August 2019, the trial court ruled in favour of Rothmans Far East B.V. Korea Branch Office on KRW6.7 billion (approximately

£4 million), the VAT portion of the assessment. The Korean government appealed the ruling on 16 September 2019. On 16 April 2021 the

Court of Appeals affirmed the ruling of the Trial Court. The government immediately appealed to the Supreme Court and the Supreme

Court also affirmed the ruling of the Appeals Court on 26 August 2021. On 16 September 2021, Rothmans Far East B.V. Korea Branch

Office duly received the amount litigated (VAT portion) including statutory interests (note 6(g)).

On 9 September 2023, the trial court ruled in favour of the Korean government on national excise and local excise portion of the

assessment. The Management of the British American Tobacco Korea Manufacturing Ltd. lodged an appeal to the Supreme Court

on 30 October 2023.

BAT Annual Report and Form 20-F 2023

Strategic Report

Governance Report

Financial Statements

Other Information

307

Letter Agreement effective from 1 December 2023 (the ": Letter Agreement").

The Restated Deposit Agreement provides that ADS holders may be required to pay various fees to the Depositary, and the Depositary

may refuse to provide any service for which a fee is assessed until the applicable fee has been paid.

Service

Fees

Issuance of ADSs upon deposit of ordinary shares (excluding issuances as a result

of distributions of shares described below)

Up to US$0.05 per ADS issued

1

Cancellation of ADSs

Up to US$0.05 per ADS surrendered

1

Distribution of cash dividends or other cash distributions (i.e., sale of rights and

other entitlements)

Up to US$0.05 per ADS held

2

Distribution of ADSs pursuant to: (1) stock dividends or other free stock

distributions; or (2) exercise of rights to purchase additional BAT ADSs

Up to US$0.05 per ADS held

Distribution of securities other than ADSs or rights to purchase additional ADSs

(i.e., spinoff shares)

Up to US$0.05 per ADS held

Depositary bank services

Up to US$0.05 per ADS held

Notes:

1. Under the terms of a separate agreement between BAT and the Depositary, the Depositary has agreed to waive the fees that would otherwise be payable in connection with the

issuance of ADSs upon deposit of ordinary shares and the cancellation of ADSs and corresponding withdrawal of ordinary shares, in each case by BAT or any of its affiliates, officers,

directors or employees. The terms of this separate agreement may be amended at any time by BAT and the Depositary.

2. While under the Restated Deposit Agreement cash dividends paid in respect of ADSs are subject to a fee of up to US$0.05 per ADS payable to the Depositary, currently, under the terms

of the separate agreement between BAT and the Depositary referred to above, such dividends are instead subject to a fee of up to US$0.02 per ADS per year (a fee of US$0.005 per

dividend based on the distribution of four quarterly cash dividends per year). Under the terms of the Letter Agreement, with effect from 1 May 2024, such dividends are subject to a fee

of up to US$0.04 per ADR per year (a fee of US$0.01 per dividend based on the distribution of four quarterly cash dividends per year). Under the Letter Agreement, this dividend fee may

not be varied by the Depositary without the consent of BAT.

Contact details for Citibank Shareholder Services are on page 402.

In addition, ADS holders may be required under the Restated Deposit Agreement to pay the Depositary: (a) taxes (including applicable

interest and penalties) and other governmental charges; (b) registration fees; (c) certain cable, telex and facsimile transmission and

delivery expenses; (d) the expenses and charges incurred by the Depositary in the conversion of foreign currency; (e) such fees and

expenses as are incurred by the Depositary in connection with compliance with applicable exchange control regulations and other

regulatory requirements; and (f) the fees and expenses incurred by the Depositary, the custodian or any nominee in connection with the

servicing or delivery of deposited securities. The Depositary may: (a) withhold dividends or other distributions or sell for the account of any

ADS holder any or all of the shares underlying the ADSs in order to satisfy any tax or governmental charge; and (b) deduct from any cash

distribution the applicable fees and charges of, and expenses incurred by, the Depositary and any taxes, duties or other governmental

charges on account.

Fees and Payments Made by the Depositary to BAT

Under the terms of the contractual arrangements set out in the separate agreement between BAT and the Depositary referred to above,

BAT received a total of approximately US$6.6 million from the Depositary, comprising fees charged in respect of dividends and a

contribution to BAT’s ADS programme administration costs for the year ended 31 December 2023.

In 2023, these programme administration costs principally included those associated with AGM proxy mailings, exchange listing and

regulatory fees, foreign private issuer analysis, legal fees, share registration fees and other expenses incurred by BAT in relation to the

ADS programme.

Under these contractual arrangements, the Depositary has also agreed to waive certain standard fees associated with the

administration of the ADS programme.

BAT Annual Report and Form 20-F 2023

Strategic Report

Governance Report

Financial Statements

Other Information

American Depositary Shares

401

