letter, as if the participant’s employment had not terminated

• In the case of Restricted Conditional Shares, to reflect the number of months served of the

employment period. The remainder of the award will lapse, or, at the discretion of the

Remcom, the participant’s unvested award(s) shall vest on the original vesting date

specified in the award: letter, as if the participant’s employment had not terminated.

Remcom may exercise its discretion to determine the fault or no-fault status of participants

and permit awards to be settled at the normal vesting date, without time pro-rating, but

subject to applicable performance conditions, as if the participant’s employment was not

terminated.

Malus and

clawback

All awards will be subject to malus and clawback provisions, in line with market practice.

Corporate

transactions

In the event of a change of control, awards will vest early on a pro-rata basis based on the

proportion of the Employment Period served and the extent to which the Performance

Conditions (if any) have been achieved. The balance of the awards will continue in force, on

the basis of the original terms and conditions, unless the Remcom determines that this is not

feasible, and in this case, they will be adjusted or converted for replacement awards provided

that the participant is no worse off as a result of such adjustment or replacement.

Remcom may, where necessary, adjust the Company limit (without the prior approval of

shareholders in a general meeting), to take account of a sub-division or consolidation of the

shares of the Company. Such adjustment should give a participant entitlement to the same

proportion of the equity capital as that to which they were previously entitled.

Remcom may, where required, adjust the individual limit to take account of a capitalisation

issue, a special distribution, a rights issue, or reduction in capital of the Company. Such

adjustment should give a participant: entitlement to (i) the same proportion of equity capital

as that to which they were previously entitled in terms of an existing award or (ii) the 0.5%

(half a percent) of the number of issued shares in the share capital of the Company.

FY2023 Awards The Remuneration Committee decided to defer awards for FY2023 to FY2024.

94

Choppies Enterprises Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2023

letter of representation from your

nominee or CSDP or broker and submit this: letter together with the Electronic Participation Form to BP

Consulting Services at least 48 hours prior to the holding of the meeting.

Own name Shareholders (certificated and own-name registered dematerialised Shareholders)

“Own name” Shareholders who wish to participate at the AGM themselves by electronic means, should

submit their duly completed Electronic Participation Form together with an acceptable form of

identification to BP Consulting Services at least 48 hours prior to the holding of the meeting. “Own name”

Shareholders attending and participating the AGM in person shall be provided with a voting form upon

registration at the meeting.

193

Choppies Enterprises Limited

Integrated Annual Report 2023

