Managing Director at Sanlam

Investment Management and

CEO at Sanlam Private Equity. Her

responsibilities ranged from strategy

development and implementation

to portfolio management, mergers

and acquisition, management and

leveraged buyouts, stakeholder

relations and key account

management. Since 2012 she was a

member of the executive committee

of Sanlam Investments and served on

the board of various divisions within

Sanlam. Her contributions have been

recognised with awards such as ABSIP

Private Equity Dealmaker of the Year

and the Sanlam Group CEO Award,

showcasing her dedication and

expertise in the industry. Cora also

serves on numerous other boards and

board committees, including Capitec

Bank Holdings and Spur Corporation.

BS (Busi) Mathe*

CA(SA)

Busi was appointed as an

independent non-executive director

to the board from 22 April 2024. She

is a seasoned business leader with

a rich background in internal audit,

external audit, digital transformation,

cyber security and data privacy.

She has worked across multiple

industries and sectors, both locally

and globally. Busi is the CEO of Orirori

Consulting & Executive Accelerator

Africa, a faculty member at Henley

Business School and serves on the

board of Famous Brands. In 2023,

she joined the Audit Committee of

Discovery Health Medical Scheme

as an independent member. She has

previously held the position of Africa

Cyber Security & Data Privacy leader

for PricewaterhouseCoopers and also

served as the Chairperson of their

South African Governing Board, a

member of their Africa Governance

Board and Chairperson of their

Human Capital Sub-Committee.

Busi was recognised as an Emerging

Business Leader by the African

Woman Chartered Accountants

(AWCA) in 2019.

| 3.1 BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Key: ◊ Independent non-executive chairperson

* Independent non-executive director

Δ Executive director

§ Non-executive director

64 | Curro Holdings Ltd annual integrated report 2023 | ACCOUNTABILITY

65 | Curro Holdings Ltd annual integrated report 2023 | ACCOUNTABILITY:

Managing Director of Bytes

Specialised Solutions. Douglas has also

served as a non-executive director of

Eskom Enterprises and was chairman of

Rotek Industries, a subsidiary of Eskom

Enterprises for more than six years.

Curro Barlow Park

| 3.1 BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Key: ◊ Independent non-executive chairperson

* Independent non-executive director

Δ Executive director

§ Non-executive director

69 | Curro Holdings Ltd annual integrated report 2023 | ACCOUNTABILITY

68 | Curro Holdings Ltd annual integrated report 2023 | ACCOUNTABILITY:

letter

This is the remuneration report of Curro Holdings Limited, which includes the remuneration policy and

the implementation report. The provisions of King IV (read with the JSE Limited Listings Requirements)

require that these two documents be submitted for non-binding advisory votes at the annual general

meeting (‘AGM’) of shareholders.

The remuneration and nominations committee of Curro Holdings Limited ('remcom') fulfils the role

of governing remunerated-related matters, as delegated to it by the board of directors. The members

of the remcom are Santie Botha (independent non-executive chairperson of the board), Piet Mouton

(independent non-executive director) and Themba Baloyi (independent non-executive director).

The group’s chief executive officer ('CEO'), deputy chief executive officer ('DCEO') and chief financial

officer ('CFO') attend meetings of the remcom by invitation, as and when required. The executive directors

recuse themselves from meetings when a conflict of interest arises or when they are requested to do so.

Curro’s company secretary is also the secretary of the committee.

The remcom is governed by its charter, which is reviewed annually by the committee and the board of

directors. The committee met more than twice for the financial year ending 31 December 2023, and has

fulfilled its responsibilities as set out in its charter and as further described in the remuneration policy.

At the Curro annual general meeting held on 14 June 2023, the remuneration policy received a 68.92%

vote in favour thereof (with 31.08% against), and the implementation report received a 71.65% vote in

favour thereof (with 28.35% against). Since these two non-binding advisory votes were not passed by

the requisite majorities, the company was required to engage with its shareholders to address their

objections and/or concerns.

On 19 July 2023, Curro issued an invitation to the shareholders who voted against the advisory

endorsement of Curro’s remuneration policy and the implementation report on the remuneration

policy (‘dissenting shareholders’), to engage with the company. Dissenting shareholders were invited to

submit their objections and/or concerns in writing to Curro and the company offered to engage further

with dissenting shareholders in response to their submissions. No written submissions were received

from dissenting shareholders after the above invitation was extended, and accordingly no general

engagement was scheduled as offered in the invitation.

Curro will continue to engage with shareholders biannually at its results presentations and roadshows

and during other investor roadshows and meetings. The company remains available, between formal

engagements, to receive investors’ views on, inter alia, its remuneration policy and matters related

thereto. Indeed, the remcom received feedback from certain shareholders on Curro’s remuneration

policy during the year, which it considered in the design of the incentive schemes for 2024.

Curro believes that ensuring the alignment of Curro’s remuneration philosophy with the interests

of stakeholders will ensure sustainable growth to the benefit of all parties. Curro aims to reward its

employees fairly through competitive remuneration to ensure that it retains and attracts high-calibre

individuals. Some of the factors influencing the remuneration policy include the following:

1) The business strategy, including the short- and long-term goals and objectives of the company.

2) An aspiration to adequately reward value that has been created, contributions made and

performance.

3) Appropriate remuneration benchmarks are applied by considering remuneration trends in both the

public and private education sectors, as well as in other comparable industries with similar attributes.

4) The financial position and outlook for the company in the context of the broader economy.

5) Remaining cognisant of the level of school-fee increases in relation to salary increases.

6) The pay gap between executives and the rest of the employees of the company.

Shareholders have entrusted significant capital to management and it is crucial that the remcom

ensures that the alignment between management and shareholders is optimally structured and served

by effective long-term incentive schemes (‘LTIs’) that reward management for performance and retain

scarce skills and experience.

The remcom is satisfied that the current LTI will sustain a strong culture of accountable co-ownership,

which in turn drives long-term thinking with consistent high-value creation performance. Furthermore,

this is a valuable retention mechanism for quality management.

Key decisions during the year

In accordance with its charter, the remcom made the following key decisions during 2023:

a) Reviewed and approved salary increases for the executive directors, exco members and the company

secretary.

b) Determined the key performance indicators of the short-term incentives ('STIs') for the 2024 financial

year.

c) Reviewed performance against the 2023 key performance areas and approved STIs for executive

directors and exco members.

d) Determined the key performance indicators of the long-term incentives ('LTIs') and approved LTI

awards for executive directors and exco members during the year.

e) Engaged with certain shareholders to consider their recommendations for the LTIs.

f) Reviewed non-executive directors’ fees for submission to the shareholders at the AGM.

g) Reviewed the composition of the board and board committees and made recommendations for

changes thereto to the board for approval, including recommendations to the board to appoint new

non-executive directors.

h) Reviewed the succession plan for executive management.

i) Reviewed the committee’s charter.

Refer to the corporate governance report on pages 108 and 109 for more details on the committee’s

functioning.

Conclusion

The remcom has confidence that:

• it was objective and independent when it reviewed the remuneration policy;

• the policy approved in 2023 achieved its stated objectives;

• the committee remained objective and independent when it approved the remuneration of

executives and the rest of the company as a whole, and

• the company's independent advisers were independent and objective in the services they rendered

during the year under review.

The focus areas for 2024 include the following:

• Continuing to implement best-practice protocols in accordance with principles set out in this policy.

• Monitoring the performance conditions determined to be appropriate for the LTI and STI schemes

and Curro’s business model.

• Focused attention on strategic performance results to ensure that executives are meeting business

objectives as set out at the annual board business strategy sessions.

The committee ensures and believes that the Curro remuneration policy and implementation report

support the long-term business strategy of the company.

Themba Baloyi

Themba Baloyi

Chairperson: Remuneration and Nominations Committee

| 3.9 REMUNERATION REPORTS

112 | Curro Holdings Ltd annual integrated report 2023 | ACCOUNTABILITY

113 | Curro Holdings Ltd annual integrated report 2023 | ACCOUNTABILITY:

