managing director

Hennie commenced his services with Pioneer

Foods as the human resources manager for

Bokomo in 1996 and was later appointed

general manager for the Sasko Grain

Business. He has been in the fast-moving

consumer goods (“FMCG”) industry for over

25 years.

André was appointed to the Board on

27 January 2014.

Qualifications

CA(SA)

Quantum Foods Board and committee

membership

Executive director – Group financial director

André joined Quantum Foods in 2003 while

it was still a division of Pioneer Foods. He

started at Nulaid as a financial manager

and was later appointed as the farming

operations manager for Nulaid, a position he

held for four years. André spent a year as the

national sales and marketing manager for

Tydstroom before being appointed as head of

finance for Quantum Foods in 2012.

Ziyanda was appointed on 20 September 2022.

Qualifications

LLB

Quantum Foods Board and committee

membership

Company Secretary

Ziyanda joined Quantum Foods in September

2022 from Sea Harvest Group Limited, where

she served as the Legal and Compliance

Officer and Assistant to the Group Company

Secretary. Having completed her articles in

the civil and commercial litigation department

at Schneider Galloon Reef & Co Attorneys,

she was admitted as an attorney of the High

Court in 2020.

Chief executive officer

Chief financial officer

Company secretary and legal advisor

GARY VAUGHAN-SMITH

(60)

HENDRIK ALBERTUS LOURENS

(60)

ANDRÉ HUGO MULLER

(53)

ZIYANDA PATIENCE WAKASHE

(38):

Letter from the chairman of

the Remco to shareholders

Introduction: Dear shareholders

This report highlights the activities of the Remco and

addresses the outcomes of the 2023 remuneration

policy implementation.

Our performance and remuneration

outcomes

FY2023 presented considerable challenges including

raw material costs increasing to record high levels, a

significant increase in the number of load shedding

hours, above inflation increases in the cost of electricity

and fuel and margin compression due to escalating

costs not recoverable from customers and consumers.

In addition to these factors, FY2023 was characterised

by large-scale outbreaks of HPAI in South Africa,

which impacted company farms in the Western Cape,

Gauteng and North West provinces. On the positive

side, production efficiencies in the animal feeds, broiler

breeder, layer farming and egg businesses improved

and operating costs were well managed.

Despite these positives, the challenges encountered

and the outbreak of HPAI in particular, exceeded the

benefits of enhanced efficiencies and well-executed

cost management and led to a loss reported for the

2023 financial year. This result is reflected in the short-

term incentive and long-term incentive outcomes for

the executive team.

STI component

%

Outcome for FY2023

Impact on

variable

remuneration

Target for headline earnings before

tax per share

50

Actual earnings below threshold target

R Nil

Growth in economic profit over a three-

year period

25

Decline in economic profit for the measurement period R Nil

Operational efficiency targets for:

• Layer farming efficiency

• Egg packing station efficiency

• Broiler breeder efficiency

• Operating cost management

• ESG performance

25

•

Layer-type hen production efficiency for

completed flocks improved, but threshold target

was not achieved

•

Egg packing station efficiencies improved and

exceeded the threshold target

•

Hatchability of broiler-type breeder hens improved

and exceeded the threshold target

•

Operating cost management stretch target was

achieved

•

ESG performance targets were achieved

R4.6 million*

*

The STI pay-out for this component is not conditional on the achievement of earning targets.

Short-term incentive (“STI”)

Long-term incentive (“LTI”)

The LTI for FY2023, which is an equity-settled share appreciation rights (“SAR”) scheme, consists of two components. 50%

has a performance component and 50% is dependent on continued employment.

A new LTI system, which will be a cash-settled value appreciation rights (“VARs”) scheme will be implemented from

FY2024. Read more on

page 98.

Performance component (50%)

The first tranche of the SARs awarded in FY2021, the second tranche of the SARs awarded in FY2020, and the third

tranche of the SARs awarded in FY2019, will each vest in February 2024. The hurdle for any vesting is a compounded

annual growth rate (“CAGR”) in HEPS of higher than consumer price index (“CPI”) plus 1% growth with full (100%) vesting

at CPI plus 5% growth and linear vesting in-between, measured from the award date to the vesting date of the SARs.

The HEPS loss achieved in FY2023 resulted in zero vesting of the performance component of any of these tranches. The

performance condition SARs will not result in any LTI benefit to participants.

