managing director

of Consol Limited in 1997 and oversaw the successful

turnaround of that company. He joined the AVI

Board in 1999, was appointed business development

director in 2002 and Chief Executive Officer in

October 2005.

Gavin R Tipper (57)

Independent non-executive

Chairman

Qualifications: BCom, BAcc

(Wits), MBA (UCT), CA (SA)

Directorships: AVI Limited,

Hyprop Investments Limited

Gavin completed his articles at KPMG in 1987. He

went on to hold the position of technical partner at

the firm before joining Coronation Holdings Limited

in 2001 as chief operating officer. Gavin left the

Coronation group in 2011 and now serves on a

number of boards. He was appointed to the AVI

Board on 26 March 2007 and was appointed

Chairman of the Board on 1 July 2012.

Busisiwe P Silwanyana (49)

Independent non-executive

director

Qualifications: BCom (Hons)

(University of Cape Town),

CA(SA), MBA (Durham

University)

Directorships: AVI Limited,

Stefanutti Stocks Limited,

YeboYethu (RF) Investment

Limited, Finbond Mutual Bank,

Acendore LSB Proprietary

Limited

Busi completed her articles at Deloitte and Touche

in 1999. She was Head of Philips Capital Africa for

three years, based in Johannesburg. Prior to that,

she spent fifteen years in banking working in

Corporate & Investment Banking and Business

Banking. Busi has previously served as a member of

the SAICA Education Committee and on the Board

of SAICA’s Thuthuka Education Upliftment Bursary

Fund. She currently runs her own Capital & Debt

advisory business, Acendore LSB. Busi was

appointed to the AVI Board on 22 February 2021.

Justin C O’Meara (44)

Chief Financial Officer

and executive director

Qualifications: BCom Acc (UJ),

BCom Acc Hons (UJ), CA (SA)

Directorships: AVI Limited

Justin is a qualified Chartered Accountant. He

completed his articles at KPMG in 2003 whereafter

he was employed as Audit Manager and Senior Audit

Manager. Justin joined the AVI Group in 2009 as the

NBL Finance Executive, subsequently being

promoted to: AVI Group Financial Manager (2010),

Snackworks Financial Director (2015), and NBL

Financial Director (2017). Justin was appointed to

the AVI Board as Chief Financial Officer on

1 January 2022.

Michael Koursaris (45)

Business Development Director

and executive director

Qualifications: BCom Finance

(Hons), HDip Com Law (Wits),

MBA (Columbia), CFA

Directorships: AVI Limited

Michael joined AVI in 2002 as business development

analyst and was appointed to the role of business

development executive in January 2011. Prior to

joining AVI Michael held the position of associate at

New York headquartered financial management

consultancy Stern Stewart and Co., working in its

Johannesburg office from 1999 to 2002. Michael was

appointed to the AVI Board on 9 September 2013.:

managing director

of Otterbea International Proprietary Limited from

1989 to 1994. From 1994 to 1998 he served on the

board and the executive committee of Anglovaal

Limited. He served on the board of Aveng Limited

from 1999 until 2008 and was also a member of its

audit and risk committee. He has served as a director

of Control Instruments Group Limited and Wesbank.

He is the CEO of Energy Research Lab Limited.

James was appointed to the AVI Limited Board on

23 March 1995.

Michael J Bosman (61)

Independent non-executive

director

Qualifications: BCom (Hons),

LLM (Cape Town), AMP

(Harvard), CA(SA)

Directorships: AVI Limited,

MTN South Africa Proprietary

Limited, Spur Corporation

Limited, Vinimark Trading

Proprietary Limited, EOH

Holdings Limited

Mike is the former CEO of One Digital Media. Prior

to that he was the Group CEO of TBWA, which

included South Africa’s top-ranked creative

advertising agency TBWA Hunt Lascaris, chairman

of several other communication companies in the

TBWA group, and an executive director of FCB

Worldwide, an advertising agency group based in

New York. Mike was appointed to the AVI Board on

1 March 2010.

Alexandra Muller (46)

Independent non-executive

director

Qualifications: BAcc, BAcc

Honours (UNISA), CA(SA)

Directorships: AVI Limited,

Infiniti Insurance Limited,

Murray and Roberts Holdings

Limited

Alex completed her articles at PwC in 2003. She

joined the PwC partnership in 2010 until February

2019. Since 2014, Alex was responsible for heading

up the Governance, Risk and Internal Audit practice

in the Financial Services Assurance division at PwC.

Alex was appointed to the AVI Board on 1 July 2019.:

letter on directors’ responsibility on fi nancial controls dated 17 July 2020 to note for

information purposes:

Materiality

In terms of the JSE Listings Requirements (“the Requirements”) fi nancial information must be prepared in accordance

with IFRS. The application of materiality is an important concept dealt with by IFRS. The reference to materiality in

paragraph (a) of the CEO and FD sign off must be interpreted in the context of IFRS.

The second obligation under the CEO and FD sign off rule (as detailed in (b)) must be read in the context of

paragraph (a). The term ‘no’ does not mean a one hundred percent factual correctness but rather that after due,

careful and proper consideration the directors agree that no facts have been omitted or untrue statements made

that would make the Annual Financial Statements (“AFS”) materially false or materially misleading in terms of IFRS.

The directors are responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated annual ﬁ nancial statements

of AVI Limited, comprising the balance sheet at 30 June 2022 and the statements of comprehensive income, changes in

equity and cash ﬂ ows for the year then ended, the accounting policies and the notes to the ﬁ nancial statements, which

include explanatory notes in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) and the requirements

of the Companies Act of South Africa, and the Directors’ Report.

The directors are also responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of

ﬁ nancial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and for maintaining

adequate accounting records and an effective system of risk management.

The directors have made an assessment of the Company and its subsidiaries’ ability to continue as going concerns and

have no reason to believe that they will not be going concerns in the year ahead.

The auditor is responsible for reporting on whether the consolidated annual ﬁ nancial statements are fairly presented in

accordance with the applicable ﬁ nancial reporting framework.

ceo and fi nancial director responsibility

statement

Each of the directors, whose names are stated below, hereby conﬁ rm that –

(a) the annual ﬁ nancial statements set out on pages 93 to 163, fairly present in all material respects the ﬁ nancial position,

ﬁ nancial performance and cash ﬂ ows of the issuer in terms of IFRS;

(b) to the best of our knowledge and belief, no facts have been omitted or untrue statements made that would make the

annual ﬁ nancial statements false or misleading;

(c) internal ﬁ nancial controls have been put in place to ensure that material information relating to the issuer and its

consolidated subsidiaries have been provided to effectively prepare the ﬁ nancial statements of the issuer;

(d) the internal ﬁ nancial controls are adequate and effective and can be relied upon in compiling the annual ﬁ nancial

statements, having fulﬁ lled our role and function as executive directors with primary responsibility for implementation

and execution of controls;

(e) where we are not satisﬁ ed, we have disclosed to the audit committee and the auditors any deﬁ ciencies in design and

operational effectiveness of the internal ﬁ nancial controls, and have taken steps to remedy the deﬁ ciencies; and

(f) we are not aware of any fraud involving directors.

SL CRUTCHLEY

JC O’MEARA

Chief Executive Offi cer

Chief Financial Offi cer

Designated Financial Director

2 September 2022:

letter to Participants.

The forfeitable shares will vest on the later of the Remuneration Committee establishing if the performance conditions

have been met and the satisfaction of the employment condition, which shall not be earlier than the third anniversary of

the award date.

Manner of settlement

Following the award of the forfeitable shares, settlement shall take place as soon as possible after the award date. The

rules of the share plan are ﬂ exible in order to allow for settlement in any of the following manners:

• by way of a market purchase of shares;

• use of treasury shares;

• issue of shares.

The exact method of settlement will be determined by the Remuneration Committee on a case-by-case basis.

Limits and adjustments

Company limit

The number of shares which may at any one time be allocated in terms of the forfeitable share scheme shall not exceed

8 064 048 (eight million sixty-four thousand and forty-eight) shares to all Participants, which equates to approximately

2.4% (two point four percent) of the number of issued shares as at 30 June 2022.

In calculating the limit for the forfeitable share scheme, new shares allotted and issued by the Company or shares held

by a subsidiary in treasury account which have been used by the Company for settlement, will be included in the

company limit. This limit will be calculated to exclude shares purchased in the market in settlement and awards which do

not subsequently vest.

Shareholders in general meeting must, where required, adjust the company limit to take account of a sub-division or

consolidation of the shares of the Company.

The issue of shares as consideration for an acquisition, and the issue of shares for cash or a vendor consideration placing

will not be regarded as a circumstance that requires any adjustment to the Company or Individual Limit.

Full value shares which are allocated under this forfeitable share scheme which are not subsequently settled to

a Participant, or which have been forfeited, shall revert back to the forfeitable share scheme for re-allocation or sale.

If forfeitable shares are forfeited under the forfeitable share scheme, the Company retains the right to:

• allocate the forfeitable shares so forfeited for new awards to employees; or

• instruct the escrow agent to sell or to procure the sale of any forfeited forfeitable shares on such terms as the Company

may consider appropriate subject to the JSE Listings Requirements, including paragraphs 3.63 – 3.74.:

letter, unless the Remuneration Committee determines otherwise.

Awards will not vest as a consequence of an internal reconstruction or similar event which is not a change of control as

deﬁ ned in the rules of the share plan. In this case the Remuneration Committee shall make such adjustment to the

number of awards or convert awards into awards in respect of shares in one or more of the other companies, provided

the Participants are no worse off.

Variation of share capital

In the event of a variation in share capital such as a capitalisation issue, subdivision of shares, consolidation of shares, the

Company entering into a scheme of arrangement and the Company making distributions, Participants shall continue to

participate in the share plans. The Remuneration Committee shall make such adjustment to the award or take such other

action to place Participants in no worse a position than they were prior to the happening of the relevant event and to

provide that the fair value of the award immediately after the event is materially the same as the fair value of the award

immediately before the event.:

Managing director

Gaynor Poretti

Telephone: +27 (0)11 707 7200

Telefax: +27 (0)11 707 7799

I&J

Irvin & Johnson Holding Company

Proprietary Limited

Reg no: 2004/013127/07

1 Davidson Street

Woodstock

Cape Town 7925

PO Box 1628

Cape Town 8000: Managing director

Jonty Jankovich

Telephone: +27 (0)21 440 7800

Telefax: +27 (0)21 440 7270

Fashion brands

Personal Care

Indigo Brands Proprietary Limited

Reg no: 2003/009934/07

16 – 20 Evans Avenue

Epping 1 7460

PO Box 3460

Cape Town 8000

Acting managing director

Roger Coppin

Telephone: +27 (0)21 507 8500

Telefax: +27 (0)21 507 8501

Footwear & Apparel

A&D Spitz Proprietary Limited

Reg no: 1999/025520/07

30 Sloane Street

Bryanston 2021

PO Box 782916

Sandton 2145

Acting managing director

Simon Crutchley

Telephone: +27 (0)11 707 7300

Telefax: +27 (0)11 707 7763

Directors

Executive

Simon Crutchley3

(Chief Executive Officer)

Owen Cressey3, 4

Justin O’Meara3, 5

(Chief Financial Officer)

Michael Koursaris

(Business Development Director)

Independent non-executive

Gavin Tipper1

(

