letter

This is the remuneration report of Curro Holdings Limited, which includes the remuneration policy and the implementation

report. The provisions of King IV (read with the JSE Limited Listings Requirements) require that these two documents be

submitted for non-binding advisory votes at the annual general meeting (‘AGM’) of shareholders.

The remuneration and nominations committee of Curro Holdings Limited ('remcom') fulfils the role of governing remuneration-

related matters, as delegated to it by the board of directors. The members of the remcom are Santie Botha (independent non-

executive chairperson of the board), Piet Mouton (non-executive director) and Themba Baloyi (independent non-executive

director).

The group’s chief executive officer ('CEO') and the chief financial officer ('CFO') attend meetings of the remcom by invitation,

as and when required. The executive directors recuse themselves from meetings when a conflict of interest arises or when

they are requested to do so. Curro’s company secretary is also the secretary of the committee.

The remcom is governed by its charter, which is reviewed annually by the committee and the board of directors. The

committee met more than twice for the financial year ending 31 December 2022, and has fulfilled its responsibilities as set

out in its charter and as further described in the remuneration policy.

At the Curro AGM held on 21 June 2022, the remuneration policy received a 94.94% vote in favour thereof (with 5.06%

against), and the implementation report received a 95.50% vote in favour thereof (with 4.50% against). As the non-binding

advisory votes were passed by the requisite majorities, no further engagement with shareholders was required.

Curro believes that ensuring the alignment of Curro’s remuneration philosophy with the interests of stakeholders will ensure

sustainable growth to the benefit of all parties. Curro aims to reward its employees fairly through competitive remuneration

in order to ensure that it retains and attracts high-calibre people. Some of the factors influencing the remuneration policy

include:

1) The business strategy, including the short- and long-term goals and objectives of the company.

2) An aspiration to adequately reward value that has been created, contributions made and performance.

3) Appropriate remuneration benchmarks are applied by considering remuneration trends in both the public and private

education sectors, as well as in other comparable industries with similar attributes.

4) The financial position and outlook for the company in the context of the broader economy.

5) Remaining cognisant of the level of school-fee increases in relation to salary increases.

6) The pay gap between executives and the rest of the employees of the company.

Shareholders have entrusted significant capital to management and it is crucial that the remcom ensures that the alignment

between management and shareholders is optimally structured and served by effective long-term incentive schemes (‘LTIs’)

that reward management for performance and retain scarce skills and experience.

The remcom is satisfied that the current LTI will sustain a strong culture of accountable co-ownership, which in turn drives

long-term thinking with consistent high value creation performance. Furthermore, this is a valuable retention mechanism for

quality management.

Executive leadership transition

Andries Greyling retired as CEO and resigned as an executive director with effect from 1 January 2023. He continued to be

employed in the group until 28 February 2023 to assist during the handover process and remains available to the group on a

consultancy basis until June 2023.

The board thanks Andries for his valuable contribution to the company over 15 years (first as CFO, COO and then as CEO),

and wishes him well in his future endeavours.

With effect from 1 January 2023, the following new appointments as executive directors were made:

• Cobus Loubser (previously the CFO) was appointed as CEO,

• Marí Lategan (previously the company secretary and executive for corporate services) was appointed as Deputy CEO, and

• Burtie September (the former group financial manager) was appointed as CFO.

The total remuneration for the three executive directors (which includes annual guaranteed pay, short-term incentive and

long-term incentive multiples) was adjusted from that date.

Key decisions during the year

In accordance with its charter, the remcom made the following key decisions during 2022:

a) Considered and made recommendations to the board to appoint new executive directors and leaders of the company;

b) Considered market benchmarking for executive pay. Reviewed and approved salary increases for the executive directors,

exco members and the company secretary;

c) Determined the key performance indicators of the short-term incentives ('STIs') for the 2023 financial year;

d) Reviewed performance against the 2022 key performance areas and approved STIs for executive directors and exco

members;

e) Determined the key performance indicators of the long-term incentives ('LTIs') and approved LTI awards for executive

directors and exco members during the year;

f) Engaged with certain shareholders to consider their recommendations for the LTIs;

g) Reviewed non-executive directors’ fees for submission to the shareholders at the AGM;

h) Reviewed the composition of the board and board committees and made recommendations for changes thereto to the

board for approval;

i) Reviewed the succession plan for executive management; and

j) Reviewed the committee’s charter.

Refer to the corporate governance report on pages 88 and 89 for more details on the committee’s functioning.

Conclusion

The remcom has confidence that:

• It was objective and independent when it reviewed the remuneration policy;

• The policy approved in 2022 achieved its stated objectives;

• The committee remained objective and independent when it approved the remuneration of executives and the rest of

the company as a whole; and

• The company's independent advisers were independent and objective in the services they rendered during the year

under review.

The focus areas for 2023 include:

• Continuing to implement best-practice protocols in accordance with principles set out in this policy.

• Monitoring the performance conditions determined to be appropriate for the LTI and STI schemes and Curro’s business

model.

• Focused attention will be paid to strategic performance results to ensure that executives are meeting business objectives as

set out at the annual board business strategy session.

The committee ensures and believes that the Curro remuneration policy and implementation report supports the long-term

business strategy of the company.

Themba Baloyi

Chairperson: Remuneration and Nominations Committee

ACCOUNTABILITY | CURRO HOLDINGS LTD ANNUAL INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 93

CURRO HOLDINGS LTD ANNUAL INTEGRATED REPORT 2022 | ACCOUNTABILITY

92

3.9 REMUNERATION REPORTS:

