Letter from the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee (“REMCOM’)

132

Report of the Remuneration Committee

APPENDICES

144

Independent Auditor’s report

146

Summary consolidated financial statements

168

Climate change – TCFD table

169

Glossary

ADMINISTRATION

171 Corporate information and advisors

THE FOLLOWING ICONS WILL HELP YOU

NAVIGATE THIS REPORT:

STRATEGIC IMPERATIVES

SI1:

PROTECT AND OPTIMISE OUR QUOTA

BUSINESSES

SI2:

DELIVER ORGANIC GROWTH

SI3:

CREATE SUSTAINABLE EARNINGS THROUGH

DIVERSIFICATION

STRATEGIC ENABLERS

SE1: GALVANISE THE WORKFORCE

SE2: ENGAGE STAKEHOLDERS AND MANAGE

REPUTATION

SE3: ENSURE GOOD GOVERNANCE AND

SUSTAINABILITY

OUR CAPITALS

The resources and relationships on which we depend can

be conceived as different forms of ‘capital stocks and flows’

– the assets we need to protect and enhance to achieve our

strategic objectives. We make trade-offs between our capitals,

as discussed on pages 33 to 38.

Natural Capital: The long-term sustainability of

the marine resources that we harvest is critical to

our existence. We measure and manage our impact

on the environment in an effort to reduce this to

a minimum.

Human Capital: Our performance-driven culture

– that positively impacts lives with the correct

reward, motivation and development of each

employee, and that protects their health, safety

and wellbeing – is critical to achieve our purpose.

Social and Relationship Capital: Our

relationships with our stakeholders, including

the communities in which we operate, are vital in

ensuring long-term sustainability of our business.

We recognise the role the fishing industry plays in

building a thriving society.

Manufactured Capital: Our fleet, processing

plants, cold storage and equipment, products and

information technology, provide the framework

and mechanics of how we do business.

Intellectual Capital: Our brand value, research

and development, innovation capacity,

reputation and strategic partnerships underpin

our organisation. We strive to uphold the highest

ethical standards and regulatory compliance.

Financial Capital: Efficient management of

our shareholders’ equity and funding from

investors and lenders to support our business and

operational activities, including working capital.:

Managing director of

Lucky Star Marketing

and Sales

HND in Cost &

Management

Accounting

Suleiman

Salie (55): Managing director

of Lucky Star Operations

BSc Mech Eng

Ina

Botha (49)

Managing director

of Blue Continent

Products

BCom

Adam

Firfirey (47)

Acting Managing

director of Commercial

Cold Storage

CA(SA)

0

29

RACE

GENDER

TENURE

AGE

RACE

ACI Male

White Female

ACI Female

White Male

25%

17%

42%

17%

RACE

Male

Female

67%

33%

RACE

0 – 4 years

5 – 9 years

9+ years

33%

46%

16%

RACE

40 – 49 years

50 – 59 years

60+ years

33%

58%

8%

Years of service

Years of experience

IN ADDITION TO THE EXECUTIVE

DIRECTOR CHANGES, THE

FOLLOWING EXCO CHANGES

OCCURRED:

• Jay Erskin resigned as President of DFI

effective 30 November 2021

• Bjorn Kwak was appointed as President of DFI

effective 1 December 2021

• Ina Botha previously held the position as

Managing director of CCS and was appointed

as Managing director of BCP on 1 April 2022

• Adam Firfirey was appointed as acting

Managing director of CCS on 1 April 2022

EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE COMPOSITION

managing director at one of our larger divisions, BCP.

In February, Mr Ralph Buddle was appointed as Interim CFO, following

the suspension of then Group CFO, Ms Hajra Karrim. Ralph continued

to serve in this role after the termination of Ms Karrim’s contract while

the Company completed the process of appointing a new permanent

CFO. I am pleased to announce that after an extensive recruitment

process, by a selection panel of designated non-executive directors,

the Company appointed Mr. Zafar (Zaf) Mahomed as CFO Designate

effective from 1 November 2022 and he will assume office as Oceana’s

CFO and executive director with effect from 1 February 2023, to allow

for a smooth transition and handover. Zaf has a proven track-record in

the telecommunications, food franchise and furniture retail industries,

having served most recently as CFO of Cell C and McDonald’s South

Africa. The Board extends its sincere thanks and appreciation to

Mr. Buddle for stepping in to assist the Board and the Group on an

interim basis and note that he was a significant role-player in driving

a positive culture and stabilising the business during recent months.

In line with our internal succession plan and Board rotation process,

there have been changes in some of our Board committees. Neville

was appointed to the Risk Committee and the Social, Ethics and

Transformation Committee, with effect from 1 August 2022, while

Mr Aboubakar (Bakar) Jakoet has been appointed to the Corporate

Governance and Nominations Committee and took over as Chairman

of the Risk Committee, effective from 15 August 2022.

BOARD ASSESSMENT

An independent Board assessment was undertaken in October 2022,

which reviewed the composition and performance of the Board.

The results of the assessment will be received, reviewed and analysed

in the 2023 financial year.

STRONG PERFORMANCE IN THE SECOND-HALF

Reflecting on the Company’s overall performance for the year,

various highlights stand out. The Lucky Star canned foods business

has continued to deliver, with another year of solid sales, as well

as increasing market share in overall protein consumption in the

country, reflecting the strength of our brand. We also saw a welcomed

increase in production and sales volumes in our African fishmeal and

fish oil business, with results boosted by strong fish oil pricing and a

weaker rand. DFI delivered an excellent performance, with a significant

increase in throughput – reflecting healthy fish stocks, favourable

fishing conditions and strengthened offloading efficiencies – aided

by strong dollar pricing for fishmeal and fish oil.

Performance in our hake and horse mackerel operations has been

disappointing, with high fuel and quota costs and poor catch rates

offsetting strong demand and pricing. Weather-related disappointing

squid landings were mitigated by record price levels. In response

to persistent pressure on WCRL, we have closed parts of our West

STRENGTH

CLICK TO WATCH: Annual Results Webcast 2022:

letter noted that this was due to its assessment of

significant doubt as to whether there was objective and transparent

communication between the Board and PwC given the strained

relationship, which they asserted constituted a significant impairment

of their independence. Their resignation was formally accepted by the

Committee on 30 May 2022.

Shortly thereafter PwC US also resigned from the audit despite the fact

that they had not yet signed off the 30 September 2021 AFS, which had

been due to lenders on 30 June 2022. These 2021 financial statements

were subsequently audited by Mazars, and submitted to the lenders

by 31 December 2022 (as agreed with them).

APPOINTMENT OF NEW EXTERNAL AUDITORS

Despite the proximity to the next financial year-end, the Committee

resolved to conduct an independent tender process to appoint new

auditors. Audit firms not considered to be independent in terms of

S90(2c) of the Companies Act were not included in the tender process.

To this end, the Committee also engaged with and sought advice from

the Independent Regulatory Board for Auditors (“IRBA”).

Given the significant challenges over the past financial year, and the

negative media, detailed information sessions were held with each

audit firm that was approached to gauge interest in tendering for

the audit. All firms were taken through the timeline of events since

October 2021 that gave rise to the challenges in the previous year,

and given access to a secure data site on a confidential and legally

privileged basis, where they had full disclosure and documentation

on various issues.

It was also emphasised that their view of the accounting treatment

of Westbank should not feature as part of their proposals, as this was

not a factor in their appointment.

The audit firms were granted engagement sessions with management

and the Committee. In addition, all firms had individual engagement

sessions with ENS to go through a presentation on the forensics

investigation and the outcomes.

A formal Request for Proposal (“RFP”) was issued in June 2022 in

conjunction with Group Procurement, to set out the requirements

for the 2022 audit and to give guidance on what information should

be included in the proposal. The previous RFP’s used during the

mandatory audit rotation tender during 2020 and scoring criteria were

heavily relied upon, with an increased emphasis on US capacity and

technical capability.

Report of the Audit Committee continued:

letter. The Committee is satisfied that

Mazars are independent of the company for the financial year, as per

section 90(2)(c) of the Companies Act.

INDEPENDENCE AND AUDIT QUALITY

Mazars were appointed as the Group and Company’s external auditors

with Mr Marc Edelberg appointed as the designated lead audit partner

for the financial year. The Committee has assessed the accreditation

of the external audit firm and designated audit partner, in terms of the

JSE Listing Requirements, and is satisfied with their JSE accreditation.

The Committee has formal rules, which are detailed in its policy on

the use of external auditors for non-audit services, for regulating the

services and conditions of use of non-audit services provided by the

external auditors, governing, inter alia, compliance issues, taxation,

Group and company structure, information systems, organisational

structure, remuneration structure, risk management services, audit

certificates in relation to fishing rights, due diligence investigations

and such other services as the Committee may approve and which

are permitted by legislation and regulations. The external auditors

do not assist in the performance of any internal audit assignments.

During the year-end process the Committee met to consider the quality

and effectiveness of the external auditors and was comfortable that

the external auditors remain independent and effective.

OTHER MATTERS

CEO AND CFO RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT

The Committee evaluated the approach and processes that enabled

the CEO and CFO to sign the responsibility statement on the AFS and

internal financial controls as required by JSE Listings Requirements

as set out on page 3.

INTERNAL CONTROLS

Oceana maintains manual and automated internal controls and

systems designed to provide reasonable assurance as to the integrity

and reliability of accounting records and the AFS and to adequately

safeguard, verify and maintain accountability for its assets.

The Committee reviews the effectiveness of the procedures, policies

and system of internal controls adopted by Group companies to address

potential risks within Oceana and provide reasonable assurance about

the effectiveness and efficiency of operations, reliability of financial

reporting and compliance with applicable laws and regulations. On

an annual basis, internal audit provides input to the Committee on

the effectiveness of the Group's governance, risk management and

control processes, based on the audits undertaken under the annual

internal audit plan. The internal audit results concluded that the

systems of internal control were adequate and operating effectively

and that reliance can be placed on the design and implementation

of internal controls to mitigate those inherent risks to which the

underlying business processes are exposed. The Committee has not

received any report of and is satisfied that no significant weaknesses

were found in the design, implementation or execution of internal

financial controls which resulted in material financial loss, fraud or

corruption where the Group is concerned.

RISK MANAGEMENT

The Committee has oversight of fraud and technology and information

governance risks. The Committee fulfils an oversight role regarding

financial reporting risks, internal financial controls, fraud risk as

it relates to financial reporting and technology and information

governance risks as they relate to financial reporting. On the basis

of an enterprise risk review concluded during the year, internal audit

concluded that processes are deemed adequate to ensure that key

risks are identified, assessed, managed and reported under Oceana’s

risk policy and framework to the Risk Committee.

TECHNOLOGY AND INFORMATION GOVERNANCE

Oceana is committed to the highest level of technology and information

governance, as managed by the Group Chief Information Officer (“CIO”).

Oceana’s information systems (“IS”) governance framework is central

to the strategic and business processes and supports the achievement

of strategic objectives.

The IS Charter sets the overall purpose of the function, its management

and security. The IS department presents an IT Governance Report

to the Committee, covering, inter alia, architecture and technology,

change management, operations, risk, resiliency, security and

compliance, and strategy.:

Dear Shareholders

On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present Oceana Group Limited’s

2022 Remuneration Report.

This report summarises the Group’s philosophy, policy and framework

for remuneration with a particular focus on executive directors, non-

executive directors and management. Payments made to non-executive

and executive directors during the year can be found in our AFS at

http://oceana.co.za/investors/financial-results/.

As the REMCOM, it is our responsibility to ensure that Oceana has

an effective remuneration policy, with the appropriate governance,

and to communicate this clearly to all stakeholders. We have

carefully reviewed the Group’s remuneration policy and ensured

that the remuneration practices are aligned with the policy objectives.

The committee is satisfied that our current remuneration policy is

still relevant and has thus agreed that the reward framework will

vremain in place.

REMUNERATION DECISIONS IN LINE WITH

POSITIVELY IMPACTING LIVES

In line with our commitment to fair and responsible remuneration,

we continuously review our remuneration policies and practices

to ensure that they are fit for purpose and aligned with Oceana’s

strategic objectives. We regularly investigate the internal wage gap and

disparities in remuneration within the Group. The average increase

in executive remuneration is determined after consideration of the

average increase in remuneration for management and general staff.

In 2022, the average executive increases were once again lower than

that of other employees. This policy is particularly important given the

tough socio-economic environment in which we operate. Increases

have taken the relatively high and volatile recent consumer inflation

rates into consideration.

ESG metric targets were set as part of the vesting criteria of the

approved LTI 2022 scheme. The demonstration of ‘living the Oceana

values’ was introduced as a performance measurement applicable

to STI for 2022.

For 2022 we have adjusted our performance assessments slightly,

from 70% financial and 30% personal performance, to 65% financial,

30% personal performance, and 5% for living the Oceana Values. This

is part of the Company’s culture initiatives, to track how values are

demonstrated by managers whilst driving performance and bringing

out the best in people.

DEVELOPMENT AND RETENTION OF KEY

SUCCESSORS

Our goal is to attract and grow talented people, to recruit and

reward them appropriately, and create an effective environment for

development and retention. We continue our focus on ensuring we

have up-to-date talent maps across the business for all roles. We had

two key promotions into senior management positions in 2022, and

a number of other promotions during the year. Succession planning

is well managed across the Group and we have made good progress

on the promise that we made to develop and retain key successors.

EMPOWERING EMPLOYEES WITH EQUITABLE

OWNERSHIP

Empowering our people is also about enabling our employees to grow

with the Company and share the value created through their hard work.

One of our most meaningful initiatives for delivering genuine social

value from our activities is the Oceana Empowerment Trust (‘OET’).

With the unwind of the original OET in 2021, the Board gave approval

to set up a new 10-year trust for employees, the Saam-Sonke Trust,

which was issued with 6% of Oceana shares worth R530 million. The

beneficiaries of the trust are all permanent employees, irrespective

of grade or years of service, and in this way will aid in the creation of

an ownership mentality across the Group. Participants received their

first income distributions in March 2022, and we anticipate there

will be another distribution following the year-end. We are grateful

to shareholders for their overwhelming support for this important

initiative.

REMCOM has agreed the following focus areas for the next financial

year:

• Ongoing implementation of the Oceana values and behaviours

into the senior management performance and appraisal process;

• Continue the development and retention of key successors

through talent management and bespoke development

programmes;

• Further differentiate rewards in terms of performance and to

address underperformance;

• Continue to ensure fair and responsible executive remuneration

practices.

Peter de Beyer

Chairman of the Remuneration Committee

25 January 2023: Letter from the

Managing Director

MOI

Memorandum of Incorporation

MOU

Memorandum of Understanding

MSC

Marine Stewardship Council

MW

Megawatt

NAFAWU

Namibian Food & Allied Workers Union

NATAU

Namibian Transport & Allied Workers Union

NBI

National Business Initiative

NED

Non-Executive director

NGO

Non-governmental organisation

NSX

Namibian Stock Exchange

NPO

Non-profit organisation

NRCS

National Regulator for Compulsory Specification

NSI

Namibia Standard Institute

OET

Oceana Empowerment Trust

OHS

Occupational health and safety

OMAP

Oceana Management Advancement Programme

PIC

Public Investment Corporation

PFSA

Peninsula School Feeding Association

PPE

Personal Protective Equipment

PwC

PricewaterhouseCoopers

QCTO

Quality Council for Trades and Occupations

REMCOM

Remuneration Committee

RFA

Responsible Fisheries Alliance

RFP

Request for Proposal

RONA

Return on net assets

RPS

Replacement performance shares

RSA

Republic of South Africa

SABS

South African Bureau of Standards

SACTWU

Southern African Clothing and Textile Workers Union

SADC

South African Development Community

SADSTIA

South African Deep Sea Trawling Industry Association

SAPFIA

South African Pelagic Fishing Industry Association

SAIMI

South African International Maritime Institute

SAMSA

South African Maritime Safety Authority

SAR

Share appreciation rights

SASSI

Southern African Sustainable Seafood Initiative

SDGs

Sustainable Development Goals

SENS

Stock Exchange News Service

SET

Social, ethics and transformation

SHEQ

Safety, health environment and quality

SME

Small and medium sized enterprise

SMME

Small, medium and micro enterprise

SOP

Standard operating procedure

SR

Sustainability Report

SSF

Small-scale fishers

STI

Short-term incentive

SCRL

South Coast rock lobster

TAC

Total allowable catch

TAE

Total allowable effort

TETA

Transport, Education Training Authority

TCTC

Total cost to company

TCFD

Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures

TSR

Total shareholder return

USA

United States of America

US

United States

UN FAO

United States Food and Agriculture Organisation

UNGC

United Nations Global Compact

Westbank

Westbank Fishing LLC

WWF-SA

Worldwide Fund for Nature South Africa

WCRL

West Coast Rock Lobster

WCRLA

West Coast Rock Lobster Association

ZAR

South African Rand:

