managing director

Hennie commenced his services with

Pioneer Foods as the human resources

manager for Bokomo in 1996 and was later

appointed as general manager for the

Sasko Grain Business. He has been in the

fast-moving consumer goods (“FMCG”)

industry for over 24 years.

André was appointed to the Board on

27 January 2014.

Qualifications

CA(SA)

Quantum Foods Board and committee

membership

Executive director – Group financial director

André joined Quantum Foods in 2003, while

it was still a division of Pioneer Foods. He

started at Nulaid as a financial manager

and was later appointed as the farming

operations manager for Nulaid, a position he

held for four years. André spent a year as the

national sales and marketing manager for

Tydstroom before being appointed as head of

finance for Quantum Foods in 2012.

Ziyanda was appointed on 20 September 2022.

Qualifications

LLB

Quantum Foods Board and committee

membership

Company Secretary

Ziyanda joined Quantum Foods in September

2022, from Sea Harvest Group Limited, where

she served as the Legal and Compliance

Officer, and Assistant to the Group Company

Secretary. Having completed her articles in

the civil and commercial litigation department

at Schneider Galloon Reef & Co Attorneys,

she was admitted as an attorney of the

High Court in 2020.

Non-executive

director

Chief executive

officer

Chief financial

officer

Company

secretary and

legal advisor

GARY VAUGHAN-SMITH

(59)

HENDRIK ALBERTUS LOURENS

(59)

ANDRÉ HUGO MULLER

(52)

ZIYANDA PATIENCE WAKASHE

(37):

Letter from the chairman of

the Remco to shareholders

Introduction: Dear shareholders

This report highlights the activities of Quantum

Foods’ Remco and addresses the outcomes of the

implementation of the 2022 remuneration policy.

Our performance and remuneration

outcomes

FY2022 has seen us face challenges including higher

raw material costs, an increase in the number of

load shedding hours, above inflation increases in the

cost of electricity and fuel, margin compression due

to cost increases not recoverable from customers

and consumers, lower demand from layer livestock

customers, restrictions on normal trading patterns in

Uganda, labour unrest at the Kaalfontein layer farm in

Gauteng and the outbreak of HPAI at the Lemoenkloof

layer farm in the Western Cape. On the positive side,

production efficiencies in the animal feeds, layer

farming and egg businesses improved.

Despite this, the challenges experienced outweighed

the benefit of improved efficiencies and resulted in a

decrease in earnings in 2022. This negatively impacted

the short-term incentive and long-term incentive

outcomes for the executive team.

STI component

%

Outcome for FY2022

Impact on

variable

remuneration

Target for headline earnings before tax

per share

50

Actual earnings below threshold target

R Nil variable

remuneration

Growth in economic profit over a three-

year period

25

Decline in economic profit for the period

2020 to 2022

R Nil variable

remuneration

Operational efficiency targets for:

• Egg packing station efficiencies

• Hatchability of broiler-type breeder hens

• Layer-type hen production efficiency

for completed flocks

• Cost management

25

• Egg packing station efficiencies improved but

threshold target was not achieved

• Hatchability of broiler-type breeder hens

improved but threshold target was not achieved

• Layer-type hen production efficiency for

completed flocks declined, and production

efficiency for current flocks improved

• Above targeted increase in costs

R Nil variable

remuneration

Short-term incentive (“STI”)

Long-term incentive (“LTI”)

The LTI, which is an equity-settled share appreciation rights (“SAR”) scheme consist of two components. 50% has a

performance component and 50% is dependent on continued employment.

Performance component (50%)

The first tranche of share appreciation rights (“SARs”) granted in 2020, the second tranche of SARs granted in

2019 and the third tranche of SARs granted in 2018, will vest in 2023. The hurdle for any vesting is CAGR in HEPS

of higher than CPI plus 1% growth with full (100%) vesting at CPI plus 5% growth and linear vesting in-between,

measured from the grant date to the vesting date of the SARs. HEPS achieved in 2022 resulted in zero vesting of

the performance component of any of these tranches. These performance condition SARs will not result in any LTI

benefit to participants.

Employment component (50%)

The employment period for the vesting of the first tranche of SARs granted in 2020, the second tranche of SARs

granted in 2019 and the third tranche of SARs granted in 2018, will expire in February 2023. Any LTI benefit resulting

from the vesting of these SARs will be reflected in a future report.

Quantum Foods’ financial performance is discussed in the joint report of the chairman and CEO and the report of

the CFO from page 32.

