managing director of the radio station in February 2000.

David was inducted into the South African Radio Hall of Fame in April 2018.

He has worked as a Broadcast Liaison Officer at the 2010 and 2018 Soccer

World Cup in South Africa and Russia respectively.

EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT

The major subsidiaries of the group are managed by the following

senior executives:

Rivak Bunce (59)

United Stations

Rivak has a strong background in training, having managed his own training

franchise for several years. He joined Radio 702 in 1987, rising to the position

of Sales Manager. He subsequently worked for Primedia group as group

sales director until co-founding United Stations in March 2000. He joined the

AME group when that company was acquired in November 2002.

Alfie JE Jay (53)

Umoya Communications – Algoa FM

Alfie began his career with Algoa FM as a production engineer in 1990.

During his close-on 30 years in the business, he has successfully held

many different positions including Producer, Presenter, News Journalist,

Technical Manager, Programme Manager and Operations Director. Alfie has

served as an Executive on the Board of Umoya Communications (Pty) Ltd

t/a Algoa FM since September 2008. Under his guidance, he has led the

station’s product output to countless new heights and accolades, including

the coveted Commercial Station of the Year Award in 2018. He was

appointed as: Managing

letter of

appointment is reviewed by the committee.

The committee, in consultation with executive management, agreed to an audit fee for the 2021 financial year. The fee

is considered appropriate for the work done. Audit fees are disclosed in note 19 of the financial statements.

Meetings were held with the external auditor and no matters of material concern were raised.

The committee reviewed the performance of the external auditor and recommends that BDO South Africa Inc be

re-appointed as the external auditor for the 2022 financial year.

FINANCIAL DIRECTOR

As required in terms of the JSE Listings Requirements, the committee has satisfied itself that the company’s

financial director, Mrs AJ Isbister, has the appropriate expertise and experience to meet the responsibilities of her

position and confirmed her suitability for the continued appointment as acting financial director in terms of the

JSE Listings Requirements.:

letter of representation to attend the meeting, in terms of the custody

agreement entered into between such shareholders and their CSDP or broker. The: letter of representation will

need to be submitted together with the completed Electronic Participation Application Form to the company’s

transfer secretaries and to the company in the manner and within the timeframe described above under the section

titled “Electronic Attendance At The Meeting”.

Shareholders who have dematerialised their shares through a CSDP or broker, other than by own-name registration,

who wish to vote by way of proxy should provide their CSDP or broker with their voting instructions by the cut-off

time or date advised by their CSDP or broker for transactions of this nature.

Each certificated or own-name dematerialised shareholder entitled to attend and vote at the meeting may appoint

one or more proxies (none of whom need be an AME shareholder) to attend, speak and vote in his/her stead.

The completion and lodging of a form of proxy will not preclude a shareholder from attending the meeting and

speaking and voting thereat to the exclusion of the proxy so appointed, provided that the shareholder has registered

for attendance of the meeting as set out under the section titled “Electronic Attendance At The Meeting”.

By order of the board

C Roberts

Company secretary

21 July 2021

NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING CONTINUED

Letter of Representation received from your

stockbroker/CSDP to attend the meeting.

Terms and conditions for participation in the AGM via electronic means

1.

The cost of electronic participation in the AGM is for the expense of the Participant and will be billed separately by the Participant’s

own service provider.

2. The Participant acknowledges that the electronic communication services are provided by third parties and indemnifies AME Ltd against

any loss, injury, damage, penalty or claim arising in any way from the use or possession of the electronic services, whether or not the

problem is caused by any act or omission on the part of the Participant or anyone else. In particular, but not exclusively, the Participant

acknowledges that he/she will have no claim against the Company, whether for consequential damages or otherwise, arising from the use

of the electronic services or any defect in it or from total or partial failure of the electronic services and connections linking the Participant

via the electronic services to the AGM.

3. Participants should note that they will not be able to vote during the AGM. Should Participants wish to vote, they should,

in accordance with the Notice on page 68, as may be applicable, either:

3.1

complete the proxy form and return it to Computershare in accordance with the Notice; or

3.2

contact their CSDP or broker as set out in accordance with the Notice; or

3.3

complete a proxy form and return it to the company in accordance with the Notice.

4. The application to participate in the AGM electronically will only be deemed successful if this application form has been completed fully

and signed by the Participant.

Participant’s name

Signature

Date

Participation in the AGM via electronic communication:

