managing director of the property division in 2000, a position he still holds today.

He sits on the boards of the property and private equity companies in which Ellerines is invested. He is also a director of Hyprop Investments Limited and Newpark REIT

Limited. Kevin’s all-round business skill and acumen contribute to Board and Committee deliberations of the Group.

BLUE LABEL INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021

17:

managing director of the Black Management Forum (BMF) where he also

served on the board of the BMF investment company. In 2009, Jerry was appointed to the Presidential Broad-based Black Economic Empowerment Advisory Council and

was appointed as a Commissioner of the National Planning Commission in 2010. Jerry was chairman of the Mpumalanga Gambling Board from 2006 to 2015 and the State

Information Technology Agency (SOC) Proprietary Limited until the end of his term in 2015. He previously served on the boards of PPC Limited, Goliath Gold Limited as well

as chairman of Netcare Limited and adviser to Citibank. He currently serves on the boards of Cell C Limited and Sibanye-Stillwater Limited where he also chairs the social

and ethics committee.

Joe Mthimunye

Independent Non-executive Director

Age: 56

Joined the Board: October 2007

BCompt (Hons)/CTA (Unisa), CA(SA)

Serves as director of various Group companies

Joe qualified as a chartered accountant in 1993. In 1996, he co-founded Gobodo Incorporated, an accounting practice with eight other partners which later became

SNG Grant Thornton.

In 1999, he led a management buy-out of Gobodo Corporate Finance from the accounting firm and rebranded it aloeCap Proprietary Limited, of which he is currently the

executive chairman. He serves on the board of directors of various non-listed companies in which aloeCap is invested. Joe is an independent non-executive director of

Dis-Chem Pharmacies Limited and the chairman of Cell C Limited. He is also chairman of Dis-Chem audit committee.

ABOUT US

BLUE LABEL INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2021

18:

letter,

terms, audit plan and budgeted audit fees for

the 2021 financial year.

Any non-audit services to be provided by the

external auditors are governed by a formal written

policy which incorporates a monetary delegation

of authority in terms of non-audit services to be

provided. The non-audit services rendered by the

external auditors during the year ended 31 May 2021

comprised tax advisory services, tax compliance

services and general advisory services. The fees

applicable to the aforementioned services totalled

R2.4 million (2020: R6.6 million).

The ARCC has nominated, for approval at the AGM,

the reappointment of PwC as registered auditors for

the 2022 financial year. The Committee also satisfied

itself in terms of paragraph 3.84(g)(iii) of the

JSE Listings Requirements that PwC and the

designated individual partner are suitable for

appointment having requested and considered

the information detailed in paragraph 22.15(h)

of the JSE Listings Requirements.

Internal audit and internal controls

Blue Label’s internal audit function is outsourced

to KPMG and the role of the Chief Audit Executive

is fulfilled by the Engagement Director. The ARCC

concludes that the Chief Audit Executive and internal

audit arrangements are effective and independent.

The Committee:

• reviewed the co-operation and co-ordination

between the internal and external audit functions

in order to avoid duplication of work and to work

towards an effective and efficient combined/

integrated assurance approach;

• examined and reviewed the progress made

by internal audit against the approved

2020/21 audit plan;

• considered the combined/integrated assurance

arrangements for the 2020/21 financial year;

• approved the risk-based internal audit plan for

the 2020/21 financial year;

• considered the effectiveness of internal audit;

• considered internal audit findings and corrective

actions taken in response to such findings; and

• reviewed the annual statement from internal

audit on the effectiveness of the organisation’s

governance, risk management and internal

control processes.

The ARCC concludes that the design and

implementation of internal controls, including

financial controls and risk management, are effective

and has satisfied itself that appropriate financial

reporting procedures exist and are working, as

contemplated in paragraph 3.84(g)(ii) of the JSE

Listings Requirements, which includes consideration

of all the entities in the consolidated annual financial

statements.

The ARCC concludes that the combined assurance

arrangement is effective and will continue to evolve

as the Group grows.

Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee’s report continued:

Dear Stakeholders,

The last year was a turbulent year filled with

uncertainty as the whole world almost came to a

standstill due to COVID-19 with many countries going

into lockdowns. Like many companies, the Group was

also impacted by the pandemic both operationally,

how we engaged with stakeholders and even how we

conducted our meetings. Key to this has been the

Group’s response to the COVID-19 pandemic which

ensured the safety of employees and their families,

and saw the Group adjusting its CSI allocation to play

a part in donating Personal Protective Equipment.

In spite of all the challenges, I am pleased to report

that the Committee performed its functions without

any hindrance and can report on its activities for the

financial year ended 31 May 2021.

The Committee was formed in February 2012 in

accordance with section 72(4) of the Act and

operates under Board-approved terms of reference,

which include holding at least three meetings per

financial year.

As prescribed by the Act, the role of the Committee

is to monitor the Group’s activities in respect of:

• social and economic development, including the

Group’s compliance with the Broad-Based Black

Economic Empowerment Act and the Employment

Equity Act;

• consumer relations and the Group’s compliance

with consumer protection laws;

• the Group’s standing in terms of the ILO protocol

on decent work and working conditions, the

Group’s employment relationships and its

contribution to the educational development of its

employees;

• good corporate citizenship, including the Group’s

promotion of equality, prevention of unfair

discrimination and reduction of corruption,

contribution to development of the communities

in which the Group operates, and its record of

sponsorships, donations and charitable giving;

• the environment, health and public safety and the

impact thereon of the Group’s activities; and

• the 10 principles of the United Nations Global

Compact (UNGC).

This year the Committee met three times in line with

its terms of reference. The Committee engaged with

management on transformation across the Group’s

workplace focusing on continuous improvement in

meeting the Company’s transformation objectives

and regulatory compliance.

Key focus areas for FY21 included:

• Continuing to evolve Blue Label’s CSI approach in

pursuit of shared value by leveraging Trust Blu

Foundation to ensure that our initiatives are aligned

to deliver on RITE.

• Increase integration of the Group’s institutional

capabilities to further support our CSI, enterprise

and supplier development programmes.

• Continuing to support the integration of socio-

economic and enterprise development initiatives

with marketing campaigns to increase synergy.

• Overseeing the implementation of the approved

stakeholder management programme, which is in

line with the principles of King IV.

• Continuing to review and assess stakeholder

relations.

• Continuing to provide oversight on the activities

related to global diversity and inclusion.

• Overseeing the development of a Group enterprise

and supplier development policy to transform the

supply chain by introducing 51% black-owned

entities, 30% black women-owned entities, as well

as exempt microenterprises and qualifying small

enterprises.

• Ensuring the embedding of ethics is done in an

ethical, safe and responsible way.

• Monitoring and evaluate the implementation of

ethics management.

• Talent transformation and succession planning to

enable improved diversity at Senior Management

and Top Management occupational groups.

The Committee ensured that the Group published its

consolidated B-BBEE rating in respect of the 2021

financial year as required by the JSE of all listed

entities and published a consolidated B-BBEE

scorecard on its website, issued a SENS

announcement and submitted a report to the

B-BBEE commissioner.

In addition to monitoring and reporting on progress

to date, the Company continued to explore

implementation strategies to increase its B-BBEE

compliance levels in line with our good corporate

citizenship commitments. The Committee reviewed

the impact of the Department of Trade and Industry

codes of good practice to the Group and satisfied

itself that management is ensuring a rigorous

process to ensure compliance at individual subsidiary

levels and that divisional management incorporates

the Company’s transformation objectives as an

integral part of their day-to-day performance

scorecards.

The Committee continued to interact with Senior

Management and the Group’s joint CEOs to ensure

inculcation of the guidance and recommendations of

the Committee into both strategic and operational

plans within the Group and its subsidiaries.

The Committee continues to monitor progress of the

roadmap to address the Company’s equity targets

and B-BBEE shortfalls. We will continue to review

current initiatives and their effectiveness and make

appropriate recommendations to the Board.

Social, Ethics and Transformation Committee’s report:

Dear shareholders

This financial year has been a year of challenge and

hardship caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. The

management and Human Capital team provided

excellent support and guidance to all employees,

where health and safety took precedence. COVID-19

safety protocols were strictly enforced as well as a

focused effort on mental health of #teamblu.

After considering all stakeholder interests, the

Remuneration Committee took a decision in the prior

financial year to suspend all short-term bonus

rewards and salary increases to the management

team. Notwithstanding, it was heartwarming to see

that productivity levels remained high and the Group

performed exceptionally well in the circumstances.

Our Remuneration Policy, amended significantly in

2020 to align with best practice, together with the

Implementation Report and Non-executive Directors

fees, were put to a shareholder vote at the previous

AGM on 26 November 2020 and were endorsed with

majority 97.62%, 98.87% votes respectively. We will

not stop our efforts to engage with our shareholders

to ensure alignment of our policy and their goals.

It is vital that our Remuneration Policy aligns with

best practice and achieves our goals of attracting

and retaining top talent. To this end, we tasked

Deloitte to perform a review of the policy and a

benchmarking exercise reviewing metrics and targets

across the market as well as elements the Committee

should consider when setting appropriate targets

and metrics in short and long-term incentive awards

that are specific to our firm. We are pleased to report

that Deloitte confirmed that our policy meets best

practice guidelines and recommended that the firm

ensures that targets and metrics for awards are

reviewed on an annual basis to ensure that they are

relevant for each specific award. This has the added

benefit of ensuring that metrics and targets

associated with remuneration remain relevant

through changing business environments. In line with

best practice no metrics or targets, have been or will

be retrospectively adjusted but the enhanced policy

will ensure that the Remuneration Committee has the

flexibility in setting appropriate metrics and targets

on an annual basis. The Committee has decided that

in the future we will review EBITDA as a financial

target with a possible change to NPAT. The reason

for this, is that the Group is embarking on an

extensive training and skill development programme,

which will impact EBITDA, but after deducting the

S12H allowance in terms of the Income Tax Act,

should leave our bottom line NPAT unchanged.

Section 1 provides an overview of how the

Remuneration Committee has championed our

alignment to King IV’s Code on Corporate

Governance, our areas of focus in achievement of

our policy objectives, our efforts to build a culture

through values, our purpose and alignment with

performance and rewards. We also address diversity

and inclusion, gender and race remuneration parity

and setting new ESG goals.

Section 2 summarises our remuneration philosophy

and policy, together with an overview of our total

rewards strategy. There is only one small amendment

as highlighted above, with regard to allowing the

Remuneration Committee some flexibility in

addressing annual performance metrics to ensure the

Committee can continue to set relevant performance

metrics and drive the right outcomes for all

stakeholders. No change was however considered for

the forthcoming year. The full policy can be accessed

here. https://www.bluelabeltelecoms.co.za/sus-

remuneration-policy.php. We also highlight our

continued focus areas for FY2022.

Finally, section 3, the Remuneration Implementation

Report, provides an overview of FY2021 performance

and discloses performance against targets and

resulting awards to Executive Directors as well as

Non-executive Directors' fees paid.

Looking forward to FY2022, we will continue to

review the success of our Remuneration Policy in

terms of both our and stakeholders' goals. We have

to be mindful of the challenges facing our country

and what role we need to play in addressing these,

including those resulting from injustices of the past.

Together with ESG, these will be our prioritised goals

for the forthcoming year.

We invite engagement with our shareholders as part

of our efforts to continuously review and improve.

GD Harlow

Chairman

27 September 2021:

letter of representation to do so.

On a show of hands, every shareholder present in

person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote

shall have only one vote irrespective of the number

of shares such shareholder holds. On a poll, every

shareholder, present in person or represented by

proxy and entitled to vote, shall be entitled to that

proportion of the total votes in the Company which

the aggregate amount of the nominal value of the

shares held by such shareholder bears to the

aggregate amount of the nominal value of all shares

issued by the Company.

Certificated shareholders or own-name

dematerialised shareholders who are entitled to

attend and vote at the virtual AGM are entitled to

appoint a proxy to attend, participate in and vote at

the virtual AGM in their stead. A proxy need not also

be a shareholder of the Company. The completion of

a form of proxy will not preclude a shareholder from

attending the virtual AGM.

Electronic participation

Shareholders or their duly appointed proxy(ies)

who wish to participate in the virtual AGM via

electronic communication (Participant(s)) must

either 1 register online using the online registration

portal at meetnow.global/register/za; or 2 apply

to Computershare, by sending an e-mail to

proxy@computershare.co.za so as to be received

by Computershare by no later than 10:00 on Tuesday,

23 November 2021. Computershare will first validate

such requests and confirm the identity of the

shareholder in terms of section 63(1) of the

Companies Act, and, if the request is validated,

further details on using the electronic communication

facility will be provided. The Company will inform

Participants who notified Computershare of their

intended participation by no later than 10:00 on

Wednesday, 24 November 2021 by e-mail of the

relevant details through which Participants can

participate electronically.

Presentation of annual financial statements

and reports

The audited Group annual financial statements,

including the external auditor, Audit, Risk and

Compliance Committee and Directors’ reports for

the year ended 31 May 2021, have been distributed

as required and will be presented to shareholders at

the virtual AGM.:

letter of representation by the relevant entity

and a certified copy of the identity

documents and/or passports of the persons

who passed the relevant resolution or signed

the relevant: letter of representation. The

letter of representation or resolution must set

out from whom the relevant entity is

authorised to represent the entity at the

virtual AGM via electronic communication;

(iii) a valid e-mail address and/or facsimile

number (contact address/number); and

(iv) by no later than 24 (twenty-four) hours

before the virtual AGM the Company shall

use its reasonable endeavours to notify a

shareholder at its contact address/number

of the relevant details through which the

shareholder can participate via electronic

communication.

(c) The costs borne by the shareholder or his/her/its

proxy(ies) in relation to the dial-in facility will be

for his/her/its own account.

letter of representation from their CSDP or broker, as the

case may be. This must be done in terms of the agreement entered into between the

dematerialised shareholder and their CSDP or broker. If the CSDP or broker, as the case may be,

does not obtain instructions from such dematerialised shareholders, it will be obliged to act in

terms of the mandate furnished to it, or if the mandate is silent in this regard, to abstain from

voting. Such dematerialised shareholders, other than own-name dematerialised shareholders,

must not complete this form of proxy and should read note 10 overleaf.

Full name: I/We

of (address)

(BLOCK LETTERS)

Telephone: (Work) (area code)

Telephone: (Home) (area code)

Fax: (area code)

Cell number:

being the holder(s)of

Blue Label shares hereby appoint:

1.

or failing him/her,

2.

or failing him/her,

3. the Chairman of the AGM, as my/our proxy to vote for me/us on my/our behalf at the AGM of

Blue Label shareholders to be held at 10:00 on Thursday, 25 November 2021 or any adjournment

thereof as follows:

Resolution

For

Against

Abstain

Ordinary resolution number 1:

Election of Mr PL Zim as a Director of the Company

Ordinary resolution number 2:

Re-election of Mr BM Levy as a Director of the Company

Ordinary resolution number 3:

Re-election of Mr JS Mthimunye as a Director of the Company

Ordinary resolution number 4:

Re-election of Mr SJ Vilakazi as a Director of the Company

Ordinary resolution number 5:

Reappointment of external auditor

Ordinary resolution number 6:

Election of Ms NP Mnxasana as a member of the Audit, Risk and

Compliance Committee

Ordinary resolution number 7:

Election of Mr JS Mthimunye as a member and Chairman of the

Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee

Ordinary resolution number 8:

Election of Mr GD Harlow as a member of the Audit, Risk and

Compliance Committee

Ordinary resolution number 9:

Election of Mr SJ Vilakazi as a member of the Audit, Risk and

Compliance Committee

Ordinary resolution number 10:

Non-binding advisory endorsement of the remuneration and

reward policy

Ordinary resolution number 11:

Non-binding advisory endorsement of the remuneration

implementation report

Ordinary resolution number 12:

Directors’ authority to implement ordinary and special resolutions

Special resolution number 1:

Non-executive Directors’ remuneration

Special resolution number 2:

General authority to repurchase shares

Signed at

on

day of

2021

Signature

Assisted by (if applicable)

Please read the notes on the reverse side hereof.:

letter of representation to do so

or should provide their nominee or, if applicable,

their CSDP or broker timeously with their voting

instruction should they not wish to attend the virtual

AGM in person, in order for their nominee to vote in

accordance with their instruction at the virtual AGM.

11. A vote given in terms of an instrument of proxy shall

be valid in relation to the virtual AGM notwithstanding

the death of the person granting it, the transfer of the

shares in respect of which the vote is given, unless an

intimation in writing of such death or transfer is

received by the Transfer Secretaries, before the

commencement of the virtual AGM.

12. Where this form of proxy is signed under power of

attorney, such power of attorney must accompany

this form of proxy, unless previously recorded by the

Transfer Secretaries or unless this requirement is

waived by the Chairman of the AGM.

13. A minor or any other person under legal incapacity

must be assisted by his/her parent or guardian, as

applicable, unless the relevant documents

establishing his/her capacity are produced or have

been registered by Blue Label or the Transfer

Secretaries.

14. Unless revoked, an appointment of a proxy pursuant

to this form of proxy remains valid only until the end

of the virtual AGM or any postponement or

adjournment of the virtual AGM. This form of proxy

shall be valid at any resumption of a postponed or

adjourned meeting to which it relates although this

form of proxy shall not be used at the resumption of

the postponed or adjourned virtual AGM if it could

not be used at the virtual AGM for any reason other

than it was not lodged timeously for the virtual AGM.

This form of proxy shall, in addition to the authority

conferred by the Act, except insofar as it provides

otherwise, be deemed to confer the power generally

to act at the meeting in question, subject to any

specific direction contained in this form of proxy as

to the manner of voting.:

