Managing Director’s report

4

Ten-year review – salient features

9

Corporate governance and risk management

10

Sustainability report

16

Remuneration report

25

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

26

Statement of responsibility and approval by the Board of Directors

27

Declaration by Company Secretary

28

Chief Executive Officer’s and Chief Financial Officer’s

Responsibility statement

28

Independent auditor’s report

29

Directors’ report

32

Audit and Risk Committee’s report

34

Statements of financial position

36

Statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income

37

Statements of cash flows

38

Statements of changes in equity

39

Notes to the annual financial statements

40

Annexures

– Information relating to subsidiaries and jointly-controlled entities

72

– Information relating to associates

73

Notice of annual general meeting

75

Form of proxy

Attached

Corporate information

IBC

1

Integrated Annual Report 2021:

Managing Director) (Financial Director)

BCom, CA(SA)

Tim joined the group as group general manager: finance

in 2003 and was appointed as financial director in 2006.

He is a qualified chartered accountant and has

had a number of years’ experience in the retail and

manufacturing industries. Tim has been the financial

director of a number of companies. In addition, he has

also held a number of senior and executive operational

posts within these companies.

L Witbooi (49) (: Managing Director: Western Cape

Operations)

MBA

Leon has an MBA from the University of Cape Town

and has been with the group for 27 years in a variety of

positions. He currently heads the group’s Western Cape

commercial print and packaging operations.

NON-EXECUTIVE

PM Jenkins* (62) (

MANAGING DIRECTOR’S REPORT

The Caxton group has proved its resilience with a largely

restored full year performance notwithstanding the

effects of the pandemic that are still being felt across all

sectors of the business. Financial discipline, excellent cost

management, huge efforts by our staff, commitment to

our customers and well-timed strategic decisions have

all contributed to this recovery.

EARNINGS

The group has delivered an excellent recovery in profit

from operating activities as follows:

•

Profit before depreciation and amortisation increased

by R213.6 million (61.0%) to R563.9 million compared

to R350.3 million in the prior year.

•

Depreciation and amortisation absorbed

R253.4 million compared to R298.4 million in the

prior year.

•

Profit after depreciation and amortisation increased

fivefold by R258.5 million to R310.4 million compared

to R51.9 million in the prior year.

Although this growth is off the depressed 30 June 2020

results, which were severely impacted by the pandemic,

the encouraging feature is that operating profit has

recovered to near pre-pandemic levels. Notwithstanding

that the pandemic has continued to constrain operations

for the whole reporting period. The effect of Covid-19 and

the consequential lockdowns and illness cannot be

overestimated, but the health protocols implemented

in our factories and offices have meant that from an

operational perspective, the group was able to conduct

business activities with minimal interruption. Having

said this, the year was affected by massive disruptions

to national economic activity and customer/consumer

demand as a result of the lockdown regulations which

had a profound effect in our local newspaper business,

commercial printing operations and to a lesser extent, in

our packaging businesses.

The improved demand during the second half of the

financial year, as restrictions on economic activity were

partially eased, and much-reduced cost structure

in many of our operations, had a positive impact on

profitability. In addition, the closure of loss-making

divisions, particularly the magazine publishing and

distribution have been earnings enhancing.

It is encouraging to note that operating profit in the

group’s commercial printing and packaging operations

exceeded the levels of the pre-pandemic years and this

was achieved on reduced revenues, which bodes well

for the future when revenues normalise. The newspaper

operations experienced a tougher environment in

which to recover and these operations are still trading

significantly below pre-pandemic levels but above the

prior year. The management in these divisions have taken

action to reduce the cost base, in the face of a more

difficult return to normal revenues.

Revenues declined by only R351.9 million (6.3%), in spite of

the closure of operations which contributed R460.0 million

of revenue in the prior year. The continuing operations

saw a reversal of the half year trend to December 2020

(a decline of R387.7 million or 12.5%) and ended the year

R108.1 million (2.1%) up on the prior year, as the second

half of the financial year reflected improving demand.

However, these operations are still not generating the

same levels of revenue as before the pandemic. This is

attributable mainly to our newspaper business where

local advertising revenues continue to be depressed.

Whilst national advertising showed a much stronger

trend, but is also still trading below pre-pandemic levels.

The groups commercial printing and packaging revenues

have fortunately seen a robust recovery and they are

likely to soon return to normalised pre-pandemic levels.

Raw material input prices were a tale of two halves –

in the second half of the year global supply tightened

significantly and this was further exacerbated by

constrained container supply and increased shipping

costs. This manifested itself in large price increases of

commercial grades of paper and packaging materials.

Although excellent work was done, towards the end

of 2020, in finalising contractual supplies of paper at

competitive pricing, the current constrained global

supply and increased shipping costs has meant these

prices have started to escalate in the last six months.

It is obvious that the industry is faced with unprecedented

input cost increases that are expected to continue for

the immediate future and will necessitate a need to

pass these increases on to customers in the next pricing

review window.

The group continues to manage its cost base well with

staff costs and other operating expenses respectively

ending the year R248.7 million (17.6%) and R416.3 million

(31.1%) below the prior year. Obviously, the closure of

operations played an important role, but excluding

these businesses, staff costs and operating expenses

respectively ended R91 million (7.3%) and R19.3 million

(2.1%) below the prior year.

Where necessary staff costs in the continuing operations

were aligned to reduced demand and in a number of

businesses a more flexible shift pattern was implemented

with significant savings in overtime. The group has been

faced with large increases in energy costs but those were

more than offset by other cost saving initiatives.

As reported at December 2020 the group disposed of

its investment in Octotel (Pty) Ltd, our fibre to the home

operation, and RSA Web (Pty) Ltd, our internet service

provider, resulting in a profit on disposal of R399.7 million

(R304.9 million after Capital Gains Tax).

The group exchanged its 16% investment in Ince (Pty) Ltd

for a 38% investment in Coax Partners (Pty) Ltd resulting in

a profit of R10.5 million.

4

Integrated Annual Report 2021:

MANAGING DIRECTOR’S REPORT continued

PERFORMANCE REVIEW

PUBLISHING, PRINTING AND DISTRIBUTION

Newspaper publishing and printing

During the reporting period the newspaper publishing

industry has had to deal with the compounding effects

of reduced consumer spending, due to the pandemic,

and sluggish recovery of the economy on an already

constrained and difficult newspaper industry.

This ultimately manifests itself in reduced advertising

spend and this continues to remain a challenge that

will take some time to recover.

Having said this the groups local newspapers are still

considered a strong platform by national retailers to reach

their target markets with their greater readership and

wider reach into hyper-local households.

National advertising revenues ended 2% below the

prior year, which was impacted by the first pandemic

lockdown, and remains behind the pre-Covid level of

national spend. The trend over the reporting year showed

a recovery in the second half over the more depressed

first six months. It is interesting to note that the market that

recovered the strongest was food retailers and actually

ended marginally higher than the previous year,

while general merchandise and DIY spend is taking

longer to recover.

Local advertising from the traditional “mom and pop

stores” have been particularly badly affected by the

Covid lockdowns and restricted trading environment.

Those stores, that have not been forced to close down,

often lack the necessary cash resources to run adequate

advertising campaigns and thus this spend is significantly

down year-on-year.

In response to the above environment management has

taken various measures and is continually looking at other

alternatives to realign the cost structures. This can be

summarised as follows:

•

Building innovative advertising options for

local advertisers that will assist in rebuilding the

local businesses.

•

Consolidating a number of newspapers branches with

the resulting cost savings.

•

Restructuring the critical metropolitan area of

Johannesburg, including a centralised administration

function as well as addressing the cost of distribution.

These actions will create a more aligned cost base

that will stand the operations in good stead when the

advertising spend recovers to pre-Covid levels.

The daily and weekend newspaper market continued

to decline with publishers implementing print order and

pagination reductions. This has meant that the tonnage

throughputs in our newspaper printing facilities have

reduced and revenue has been similarly impacted.

The encouraging trend that materialised over the

reporting year is the increased commercial work that

these factories have managed to gain as some retailers

have looked to cheaper newsprint options to reduce

costs as well as significant strides made in increasing

our market share as competitors have been faced with

paper shortages.

The overall decline in throughput necessitated addressing

the cost structures of the operations and this was

achieved through innovative shift structures and creating

an outsourced insertion department at the large printing

facility in Gauteng. The impact of the restructuring has

meant that what was previously a fixed cost irrespective

of turnover has moved to a more variable cost that is

flexible to throughput. The actions of management have

resulted in a reverse of the half year trend with profitability

ending above the prior year but on a much-reduced

turnover. The full positive impact of these changes will only

be felt in the new financial year.

The group’s daily newspaper, The Citizen, delivered an

impressive performance by improving profitability over

the prior year and also exceeding pre-Covid profits.

This was driven by a recovery in print circulation and

gain in Gauteng market share as well as disciplined

cost control. The publication is still faced with an overall

decline in advertising income but has shown growth

in certain areas such as legal and auctions, which is

encouraging. The Citizens stand-alone website continues

to feature in the top ten South African digital offerings that

has lately led to improved digital revenues.

Digital assets

The groups major digital asset is Private Property

held through our subsidiary Cognition Holdings.

Private Property’s performance was up to expectations.

Although revenues were constrained, this was more than

offset through cost saving initiatives.

Cognition Holdings core operations (excluding its

subsidiary Private Property) experienced an extremely

difficult year, further compounded by the impact of

ongoing lockdowns and as the controlling shareholder,

we are reassessing the way forward for this business.

Our travel investments (Safari.com and Afristay.com)

worked very hard at reducing costs while attracting local

travellers in an effort to drive revenues. This has had some

success but it was overtaken by the intermittent lockdown

regulations that curtailed movement of travellers.

The group has come to the end of the funding

commitments for these businesses and should further

funding be required we are likely to resort to third party

participation and possible dilution.

6

Integrated Annual Report 2021:

MANAGING DIRECTOR’S REPORT continued

Stationery

Our stationery business was affected by the destocking

actions that our major customer implemented in the face

of reduced demand during the critical back to school

season. This was compensated by cost saving measures

which helped the operation deliver reasonable profits on

a much-reduced turnover base. With schools hopefully

returning to a more normal attendance there is an

expectation that demand should start improving.

DIVIDENDS

The board has declared a dividend of 50.00 cents

(2020: nil cents) per ordinary share (gross) and a

preference dividend of 410.00 cents (2020: nil cents) per

preference share (gross) for the year ended 30 June 2021.

The dividends are subject to Dividend Withholding Tax.

PROSPECTS

The past year has re-established the group’s operations

on a stable base and, as turnovers recover on the

scaled down cost base, this should improve profitability.

The uncertain issue is the time period for the turnovers of

our different operations to fully recover to pre-pandemic

levels, with the continued threat of further regulations

in the face of fourth and fifth waves of Covid-19 it is

impossible to predict the future. The group will continue to

take the necessary actions to protect profitability and to

look for further growth prospects.

The focus is on proactive management of all the different

and diverse aspects of our business, attention to detail

and meeting the expectations of our customers.

We have stable businesses, loyal, committed and

resourceful management and staff, significant cash

resources, creative investment strategies, and above

all, excellent facilities that can capitalise on growth

opportunities. Our group represents a value enhancing

portfolio of assets that we are confident we can grow

and expand.

TJW Holden: Managing

Managing Director,

comprises senior management who represent the main

business sectors in the group. Progress with regard to

transformation is reviewed later in this report.

16 Integrated Annual Report 2021:

Managing Director.

The committee is tasked with identifying initiatives

aligned with the BEE Codes and monitors progress

towards reaching the group’s transformation targets.

Quarterly feedback is provided to the CAT Audit and

Risk Committee.

Ownership and management control

The Black Ownership of group entities is measured

using the flow-through principle from CAT. Overall Black

Ownership remained similar in the past 12 months, with

the Black Female shareholding being 7% in economic

interest and 5.8% in voting rights, and Black shareholding

14.7% in economic interest and 12.9% in voting rights.

Driving diversity and inclusion is an integral part of the

group’s transformation and human resource strategies.

The group ensures that it is compliant with the

Employment Equity Act as all the designated employers

within the group report annually via the Department of

Employment and Labour’s (“DOEL”) website on progress

towards reaching the individual workplace Employment

Equity Plan targets. Employment Equity Committees meet

on a quarterly basis where progress towards reaching

Employment Equity targets is measured. The group also

provided input, via Printing South Africa, for the proposed

Printing and Packaging sub-sector targets that are

expected to be implemented by the DOEL in 2022.

Skills development

The group continues with its focus on providing as many

opportunities as possible for its employees to obtain

various qualifications through initiatives such as the

bursary programme, skills programmes, learnerships

and apprenticeships. In addition, unemployed learners

are provided with opportunities to get work experience

through internship and graduate work experience

programmes as well as learnerships.

Despite the impact of Covid-19 on the operations of the

group, training continued as soon as government levels

allowed – either online or face-to-face. This enabled

the group, despite these challenges, to meet its BEE skills

spend targets and training objectives.

YES4Youth Programme

In 2019, the group participated for the first time in the

Yes4Youth programme which provides a 12-month

quality work experience for unemployed youth.

The programme enables the youth to receive training

as well as work experience, thereby enhancing their

chances to obtain permanent work placements. In the

2019/2020 year 83 youth were employed and hosted at

the National Financial Literacy Association that provides

consumer financial education. The youth were placed

at black-owned SMMEs in manufacturing, agriculture,

communications and transport. For the 2020/2021 year,

73 youth were hosted by IT Varsity, which is an accredited

online training institute specialising in preparing youth for

careers in app, web and software development.

Youth are provided with coding skills and are placed in

jobs such as system tech support agents.

Learnerships, apprenticeships and internships

The group had 409 Black people in learnerships,

apprenticeships and internships during the past financial

Integrated Annual Report 2021 23:

Managing Director

Chief Executive Officer

Johannesburg

27 October 2021

STATEMENT OF RESPONSIBILITY AND

APPROVAL BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Integrated Annual Report 2021 27:

Managing Director

Chief Executive Officer

Johannesburg

27 October 2021

DECLARATION BY COMPANY SECRETARY

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER’S

RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT

28 Integrated Annual Report 2021:

Managing Director’s report.

REVIEW OF BUSINESS OPERATIONS

Revenue for the year decreased by R351 million to R5 220 million (2020: R5 572 million). Profit from operating activities

before depreciation and impairment increased by R213 million to R563 million (2020: R350 million). Net finance income

received amounted to R82 million (2020: R123 million) with capital expenditure during the year totalling R182 million

(2020: R151 million). Cash and cash equivalents amounted to R1 989 million (2020: R1 743 million).

ORDINARY DIVIDEND

An ordinary dividend of 50.00 cents (2020: nil cents) (gross) (net 40.00 cents (2020: net 0.00 cents)) per ordinary share was

declared on 16 September 2021, payable to shareholders registered on 29 October 2021.

PREFERENCE DIVIDEND

A preference dividend of 410.00 cents per share (2020: nil cents) (gross) (net 328.00 cents (2020: net nil cents)) per share

was declared on 16 September 2021, payable to shareholders registered on 29 October 2021.

SHARE CAPITAL

Particulars of the authorised and issued share capital of the Company are set out in note 12 of the annual

financial statements.

SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES

Particulars of subsidiary companies are set out on page 72. The aggregate attributable interest of the Company in the

after-tax profits and losses of the subsidiaries were:

2021

2020

R000

R000

Profits

556 927

147 444

Losses

(53 012)

(212 240)

503 915

(64 796)

DIRECTORATE AND COMPANY SECRETARY

The names of the directors and the Company Secretary are set out on pages 3 and 28 of this report. In terms of the

memorandum of incorporation of the Company, no fewer than a third of the non-executive directors retire at the

forthcoming annual general meeting. Mr NA Nemukula and Ms T Slabbert retire as directors and, being eligible, offer

themselves for re-election.

DIRECTORS’ SHAREHOLDING

At the date of this report, based on the latest register of shareholders, the directors’ beneficial shareholding in the

Company amounted to:

2021

2020

2021

2020

Directors

Direct

Direct

Indirect

Indirect

TD Moolman*

–

–

4 005 695

3 975 695

PM Jenkins

8 000

8 000

–

–

Total

8 000

8 000

4 005 695

3 975 695

There were no changes in directors’ shareholding between the end of the financial year and the date of this report.

* At the date of this report, the Moolman Coburn Partnership, through various intermediate companies controlled by it, controls Caxton

Holdings Proprietary Limited, which holds 45.27% (30 June 2021: 44.71%) of the issued ordinary shares of Caxton and CTP Publishers and

Printers Limited. The Moolman Coburn Partnership and its intermediate companies control an additional 5.65% (30 June 2021: 5.58%),

and its associates acting in concert hold a further 1.08% (30 June 2021: 1.07%) of the issued ordinary shares of Caxton and CTP Publishers

and Printers Limited. The partnership therefore controls a total of 52.22% (30 June 2021: 51.58%) of the issued ordinary shares of the

Company. The directors do not have any non-beneficial shareholdings in the Company.

32 Integrated Annual Report 2021:

Managing Director

Chief Executive Officer

Johannesburg

27 October 2021

Integrated Annual Report 2021 33:

letter of representation from your Central Securities

Depository Participant (“CSDP”) or broker;

•

and do not wish to attend the meeting but would like your vote to be recorded at the meeting, you should contact

your CSDP or broker and furnish them with your voting instructions; and

•

you must not complete the enclosed form of proxy.

A shareholder who is entitled to attend and vote at the meeting is entitled, by completing the enclosed form of proxy

and delivering it to the Company in accordance with the instructions on that form of proxy, to appoint a proxy to attend,

participate in and vote at the meeting in that shareholder’s place. A proxy need not be a shareholder of the Company.

All meeting participants (including shareholders and proxies) may be required to provide satisfactory identification to the

chairman of the meeting. Forms of identification include valid identity documents, passports and driver’s licences.

PURPOSE OF MEETING

The purpose of this meeting is to consider and, if deemed fit, to pass, with or without modification, the ordinary and

special resolutions set out below.

ORDINARY RESOLUTIONS

To consider, and, if deemed fit, approve the following ordinary resolutions with or without modification.

Voting requirement: In order to be adopted, all ordinary resolutions require the support of a majority of the votes cast

by shareholders present or represented by proxy at the meeting. The quorum for the meeting is 25% of the issued share

capital of the Company.

Integrated Annual Report 2021 75:

