Letter

The Huge Business Model

Investment Case

Huge's Acquisition Strategy

8

Strategic

Performance

Governance

Board of Directors

Governance Report

Committee Reports

Remuneration Report

Social and Ethics Committee Report

to Shareholders

Application to King IV

38

40

43

47

52

54

The CEO’s Huge Topics

10

Shareholder analysis

170

The Growing Huge Strategy

22

Notice of AGM

172

Investing in the Creation of Huge Value

26

Form of Proxy

178

Managing Risks and Opportunities

30

Corporate information

181

9:

Letter

Chairman’s

GOVERNANCE

ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION

Huge’s strength lies in its proven ability to maintain

and leverage its customer real estate. Despite

prevailing challenges, Huge has continued to

meet the objectives of the Growing Huge

Strategy and solidify its investment case. Where

endurance is the path to sustainable success,

Huge i nvests to deliver superior stakeholder

returns.

For Huge, the pandemic created considerable uncertainty

at the start of FY2021. Notwithstanding this challenging

start, the Group demonstrated significant resilience and

credible financial results for FY2021 were delivered. Huge

has managed the economic and structural impact of

COVID-19 very well. It has placed a lot of emphasis on

staff and customer safety and well-being.

One of the milestones of FY2021 was Huge Telecom’s

successful migration of all its customers from Cell C’s

mobile telephone network to MTN’s mobile telephone

network.

Huge has started FY2022 on the front foot and is set to continue

delivering on its Growing Huge Strategy. The end of FY2021 saw

the end of Huge’s first three-year cycle of the Growing Huge

Strategy, which focused on broadening the customer real-estate,

leveraging the platform for acquisitive growth, improving B-BBEE

credentials and elevating the Huge brand. Great strides were

made in all these areas, but market conditions and deal flow did

not allow us to deliver all that we would have liked to have

delivered. We expected to achieve a lot more success with our

transformation agenda, which will remain a focus for FY2022 and

the next three-year cycle of the Growing Huge Strategy.

“Quality means doing it

right when no one is

looking”

– Henry Ford

Duarte da Silva

Chairman

HUGE GROUP

4 Integrated Report 2021:

letter Apapt IT shareholders are probably assessing the merits of

our offer of 1.37 Huge shares for every one Adapt IT share, valuing

each Adapt IT share at the maximum valuation of 909c against the

Volaris alternatives. We are confident of the commercial merits of our

proposed transaction, which is all about investment scale, and we

believe that substantial value can be created for Huge shareholders

and Adapt IT shareholders. We are optimistic that these merits will

be recognised by Adapt IT shareholders.

I appreciate the efforts of our executive team and Board under

challenging conditions. I am enthusiastic about the future, including a

future involving Adapt IT. Prospects for organic and acquisitive

growth are good and the team is capable of extracting value from

these opportunities for benefit of all its stakeholders.

FY2021 numbers are normalised.

HUGE GROUP

Integrated Report 2021 5:

Managing Director, Huge Telecom

•

Chief Financial Officer, DataPro Group

(now Vox Telecom)

•

Private client portfolio manager,

Fleming Martin Private Asset

Management and BoE

Andy Openshaw 57

Chief Operating Officer

BPharm

Member: Investment, Risk and Social and

Ethics Committees

Appointed

1 March 2019

Previous experience

•

Chief Executive Officer, Reunert

Communication Cluster

•

Chief Executive Officer, ECN

•

Various senior sales and marketing

positions, Glaxo Pharmaceuticals

•

Founding partner, Professional Pet

Products (Vets Choice)

Samantha Sequeira 32

Chief Financial Officer

CA(SA)

Member: Investment, Risk and Social and

Ethics Committees

Appointed

25 March 2019

Previous experience

•

Financial Director, Virgin Mobile South

Africa

•

Practice manager, ARC Inc

•

Audit manager, ARC Inc

•

Financial Manager, Propertuity

Management

•

Financial Manager, Sandbox Holdings

Brian Armstrong 60

Independent Non-Executive

Director

BSc (Eng), MSc (Eng), PhD

Member: Audit, Investment, Risk and

Remuneration Committees

Appointed

1 September 2017

Previous experience

•

Group Chief Operating Officer and

Group Chief Commercial Officer,

Telkom SA

•

Vice President for Middle East and

Africa, BT Group Plc

•

Director of the Division for Information

and Communications Technology, CSIR

•: Managing

Managing Director, various

Aveng Group subsidiaries

Craig Lyons 51

Independent Non-Executive

Director

BCom, D.Soc (Economics)

Member: Audit, Risk, Chairman: Social and

Ethics and Investment Committees

Appointed

3 July 2017

Previous experience

•

Chief Executive Officer, Mvelaphanda

Strategic Investments

•

Extensive strategic, management and

finance experience in various industries

•

Co-founded, lead and managed two

South African investment companies

Vincent Mokholo 47

Non-Executive Director

BSc (Unv. Limpopo), Telecom MBA

(Informa Academy UK)

Member: Remuneration, Nomination and

Social and Ethics Committees

Appointed

2 July 2007

Previous experience

•

Chairman, Huge Group

•

Deputy: Managing Director, Huge

Telecom

•

Client Services Director, TelePassport

•

Director, Ambient Mobile

Qualifications

Board experience

Doctoral CA(SA) BCom

BSc

Other

HUGE GROUP

Integrated Report 2021

Duarte da Silva

Consultant,

Casa Da Luz

Andy Openshaw Steve Tredoux

Brian Armstrong Craig Lyons

Vincent Mokholo

Managing Director of Huge Telecom, is a prescribed officer of the Company.

SJ Morony was appointed on 8 June 2020 as Commercial Director of Huge Telecom and is a prescribed officer of the Company.

K Sinclair, in his capacity as: Managing

Managing Director of Huge Telecom, is a prescribed officer of the Company.

2

3

4

5

6

SJ Morony was appointed on 8 June 2020 as Commercial Director of Huge Telecom and is a prescribed officer of the Company.

K Sinclair, in his capacity as: Managing

letter of representation.

Shareholders who wish to participate in the AGM by way of the electronic communication platform are required to contact TMS at JSE Limited, One

Exchange Square, 2 Gwen Lane, Sandown, Johannesburg, PO Box 62043, Marshalltown, 2107, or proxy@tmsmeetings.co.za, as soon as practically

possible, but by no later than 11h00 on Monday, 30 August 2021.

Shareholders will be liable for their own network charges in relation to electronic participation in and/or voting at the AGM. Any such charges will

not be for the account of the JSE, Huge nor TMS. Neither the JSE, Huge nor TMS can be held accountable in the case of a loss of network

connectivity or other network failure due to insufficient airtime, internet connectivity, internet bandwidth and/or power outages which prevents any

such shareholder from participating in and/or voting at the AGM.

RECORD DATES, PROXIES AND VOTING

In terms of section 59(1)(a) and (b) of the Companies Act, the Board has set the record dates for the purposes of determining which shareholders

are entitled to receive notice, participate in, and vote:

2021

Record date to receive the notice of AGM

Friday, 09 July

Last date to trade to be eligible to participate in and vote at the AGM

Tuesday, 17 August

Record date to be eligible to participate in and vote at the AGM

Friday, 20 August

Kindly note that in terms of section 63(1) of the Companies Act, shareholders (including proxies) will be required to provide reasonably satisfactory

identification before being entitled to participate in or vote at the AGM. The form of identification that will be accepted includes an original and valid

identity document, a driver’s license and a passport.

Shareholders who have not dematerialised their shares or who have dematerialised their shares with “own name” registration and who are entitled

to attend, participate in and vote at the AGM are entitled to appoint a proxy to attend, speak and vote in their stead. A proxy need not be a

shareholder and shall be entitled to vote. It is requested that forms of proxy be forwarded so as to reach TMS by no later than 24 (twenty-four) hours

before the commencement of the AGM. If shareholders who have not dematerialised their shares or who have dematerialised their shares with “own

name” registration and who are entitled to attend, participate in and vote at the AGM do not deliver the form of proxy to TMS by the relevant time,

such shareholders will nevertheless be entitled to lodge the form of proxy in respect of the AGM immediately prior to the proxy exercising such

shareholder’s rights as a shareholder at the AGM, in accordance with the instructions therein, with the Chairman of the AGM.

Shareholders who have dematerialised their shares, other than those shareholders who have dematerialised their shares with “own name”

registration, should contact their Central Securities Depository Participant (CSDP) or broker in the manner and within the time stipulated in the

agreement entered into between them and their CSDP or broker:

•

to furnish them with their voting instructions; or

•

in the event that they wish to attend the AGM, to obtain the necessary: letter of representation to do so.

•

Every shareholder present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote shall be entitled to that proportion of the total votes in the

Company which the aggregate amount of the nominal value of the shares held by such shareholder bears to the aggregate amount of the

nominal value of all shares issued by the Company.

letter of representation in terms of the custody agreement entered into between the beneficial owner and

the CSDP or broker.

3.

Shareholders are requested to lodge this form of proxy with the Company’s meeting scrutineers, The Meeting Specialist Proprietary Limited, JSE Limited, One Exchange Square,

2 Gwen Lane, Sandown, Johannesburg, P O Box 62043, Marshalltown, 2107, or proxy@tmsmeetings.co.za, by not later than 11h00 on Monday, 30 August 2021. If shareholders

who have not dematerialised their shares or who have dematerialised their shares with “own name” registration and who are entitled to attend, participate in and vote at the AGM

do not deliver the form of proxy to the meeting scrutineers by the relevant time, such shareholders will nevertheless be entitled to lodge the form of proxy in respect of the AGM

immediately prior to the proxy exercising such shareholder’s rights as a shareholder at the AGM, in accordance with the instructions therein, with the Chairman of the AGM.

4.

This form of proxy shall apply to all the shares registered in the name of shareholders at the record date unless a lesser number of shares is inserted.

5.

A shareholder may appoint one person as the proxy by inserting the name of such proxy in the space provided. Any such proxy need not be a shareholder of the Company. If

the name of the proxy is not inserted, the Chairman of the AGM will be appointed as proxy. If more than one name is inserted, then the person whose name appears first on the

form of proxy and who is present at the AGM will be entitled to act as proxy to the exclusion of any persons whose names follow. The proxy appointed in the form of proxy may

delegate the authority given to him/her in the form of proxy by delivering to the Company, in the manner required by these instructions, a further form of proxy which has been

completed in a manner consistent with the authority given to the proxy of the form of proxy.

6.

Unless revoked, the appointment of proxy in terms of the form of proxy remains valid until the end of the AGM even if such meeting or a part thereof is postponed or adjourned.

7.

If:

7.1

a shareholder does not indicate on this instrument that the proxy is to vote in favour of or against or to abstain from voting on any resolution; or

7.2

the shareholder gives contrary instructions in relation to any matter; or

7.3

any additional resolution/s which are properly put before the AGM; or

7.4

any resolution listed in the form of proxy is modified or amended, the proxy shall be entitled to vote or abstain from voting, as he/she thinks fit, in relation to that resolution

or matter. If, however, the shareholder has provided further written instructions which accompany this form of proxy and which indicate how the proxy should vote or

abstain from voting in any of the circumstances referred to in 7.1 to 7.4, then the proxy shall comply with those instructions.

8.

If the form of proxy is signed by a person (signatory) on behalf of the shareholder, whether in terms of a power of attorney or otherwise, then the form of proxy will not be effective

unless:

8.1

it is accompanied by a certified copy of the authority given by the shareholder to the signatory; or

8.2

the Company has already received a certified copy of that authority.

9.

Any alterations made to the form of proxy must be initialled by the authorised signatory/ies.

10. The form of proxy is revoked if the shareholder who granted the proxy:

10.1

delivers a copy of the revocation instrument to the Company and to the proxy or proxies concerned, so that it is received by the Company prior to the proxy exercising

such shareholder’s rights as a shareholder at the AGM, in accordance with the instructions therein, with the Chairman of the AGM; or

10.2

appoints a later, inconsistent appointment of proxy for the AGM; or

10.3

attends the AGM in person.

11. If duly authorised, companies and other corporate bodies who are shareholders of the Company having shares registered in their own name may, instead of completing the form

of proxy, appoint a representative to represent them and exercise all of their rights at the AGM by giving written notice of the appointment of that representative. This notice

should be received by the Company’s meeting scrutineers, The Meeting Specialist Proprietary Limited, JSE Limited, One Exchange Square, 2 Gwen Lane, Sandown,

Johannesburg, not later than 11h00 on Monday, 30 August 2021 and must be accompanied by a duly certified copy of the resolution/s or other authorities in terms of which that

representative is appointed.

Summary of rights established by section 58

Summary of rights established by section 58 of the Companies Act, 71 of 2008 (Companies Act), as required in terms of sub-section 58(8)(b)(i):

1.

A shareholder may at any time appoint any individual, including a non-shareholder of the Company, as a proxy to participate in, speak and vote at a shareholders’ meeting on

his/her behalf (section 58(1)(a)), or to give or withhold consent on behalf of the shareholder to a decision in terms of section 60 (shareholders acting other than at a meeting)

(section 58(1)(b)).

2.

A proxy appointment must be in writing, dated and signed by the shareholder, and remains valid for one year after the date on which it was signed or any longer or shorter period

expressly set out in the appointment, unless it is revoked in terms of paragraph 6.3 below or expires earlier in terms of paragraph 10.4 below (section 58(2)).

3.

A shareholder may appoint two or more persons concurrently as proxies and may appoint more than one proxy to exercise voting rights attached to different securities held by

the shareholder (section 58(3)(a)).

4.

A proxy may delegate his/her authority to act on behalf of the shareholder to another person, subject to any restriction set out in the instrument appointing the proxy (proxy

instrument) (section 58(3)(b)).

5.

A copy of the proxy instrument must be delivered to the Company, or to any other person acting on behalf of the Company before the proxy exercises any rights of the shareholder

at a shareholders’ meeting (section 58(3)(c)) and in terms of the Memorandum of Incorporation (MOI) of the Company at least 24 hours before the meeting commences.

6.

Irrespective of the form of instrument used to appoint a proxy:

6.1

the appointment is suspended at any time and to the extent that the shareholder chooses to act directly and in person in the exercise of any rights as a shareholder

(section 58)4)(a));

6.2

the appointment is revocable unless the proxy appointment expressly states otherwise (section 58(4)(b)); and

6.3

if the appointment is revocable, a shareholder may revoke the proxy appointment by cancelling it in writing or by making a later, inconsistent appointment of a proxy, and

delivering a copy of the revocation instrument to the proxy and to the Company (section 58(4)(c)).

7.

The revocation of a proxy appointment constitutes a complete and final cancellation of the proxy’s authority to act on behalf of the shareholder as of the later of the date stated

in the revocation instrument, if any, or the date on which the revocation instrument was delivered as contemplated in paragraph 6.3 above (section 58(5)).

8.

If the proxy instrument has been delivered to a company, as long as that appointment remains in effect, any notice required by the Companies Act or the company’s MOI to be

delivered by the company to the shareholder must be delivered by the company to the shareholder (section 58(6)(a)), or the proxy or proxies, if the shareholder has directed the

company to do so in writing and paid any reasonable fee charged by the company for doing so (section 58(6)(b)).

9.

A proxy is entitled to exercise, or abstain from exercising, any voting right of the shareholder without direction, except to the extent that the MOI or proxy instrument provides

otherwise (section 58(7)).:

