letter of the law and the group’s value system that drives its rules of engagement. The group is ever mindful that the brand

can be adversely affected by the actions of associates and suppliers, resulting in loss of funds or customer support. The scale of

the business and constant interactions between partners and varying stakeholders pose risk to the strength of the brand.

The group’s success is highly dependent on an experienced team with retail acumen and leadership qualities that promote

entrepreneurship. A shortage of local retail-specific skills poses risk to all South African retailers. The loss of key skills and

intellectual property and immigration poses a risk to the delivery of the group’s objectives. This shortage of retail skills creates

an overdependence on key leaders.

The group embraces and supports the value found in diversity. It also acknowledges the need to represent the local and

national demographics of South Africa at all levels and remains committed to employing and developing associates in line

with employment equity targets. The succession pipeline is key to addressing transformation imperatives.

Transformation

Interconnected Potential Risks/Impacts

• Failure of key suppliers to meet order obligations

• Travel restrictions prohibiting merchant trend trips and

supplier visits

• Stock availability

• New territories unable to meet demand as market

shifts away from mainland China

• Disruptions in movement of stock from source to store

• Increased shipping costs

• Shipping imbalances causing cost escalations and

extended lead times

Interconnected Potential Risks/Impacts

• Enhanced consumer and social awareness

• Speed of information transfer via social media

• Associates not comprehensively inducted into the

group’s values and behaviours

• Poor governance over public relations and social

media posts

Interconnected Potential Risks/Impacts

• Skills shortage

• Competition to attract and retain specific skills

• Low-growth environment impacting structure and

limiting career progression

• Loss of homegrown intellect

• Affordability of key skills in value model

Interconnected Potential Risks/Impacts

• Slow rate of employment equity and gender

transformation at senior and professional qualified levels

• Difficulty retaining and attracting from larger provinces

(JHB, CPT)

• Pay for performance remuneration philosophy

unattractive vs guaranteed pay

Response

• Resourcing strategy in the second year of execution

reducing over reliance on territories or key suppliers

• Responsible sourcing incorporated into the

resourcing strategy

• Strategic supplier partnerships, building feedback

loops, collaboration

• Supplier performance measurement and visibility of

production cycles

• Procurement of locally manufactured products to

increase agility and flexibility

• Approved economic operator status registration

Response

• Group code of conduct

• Ethics awareness and training

• Social media screening

• Social media policies

• Escalation guidelines

• Group communication function

Response

• Retention efforts

• New long-term incentive (LTI) and short-term incentive

(STI) schemes

• Attractive business with stability and large growth

opportunities

• Infusion of new talent with new acquisitions

• Identification and nurturing of high potential associates

Response

• The group employment equity (EE) plan

• Transformation targets

• KPI measurables

• Employment equity forum attended by CEO

• Recruitment aligned to employee equity targets

Strategic Risk

The risk of an inefficient, ineffective and unreliable supply chain that will result in poor inventory

management that will impact competitive advantage.

Strategic Risk

The risk that the inability to attract and retain key skills impacts the group’s ability to

execute strategy.

Strategic Risk

The risk that a slow pace of transformation will result in adverse reputational and

commercial damage.

Strategic Risk

The risk that associates or parties with whom the company transacts, conducts themselves in a

manner that damages the reputation of the company’s image.

48

49

Mr Price Group Limited | 2021 Integrated Report

How We Did

How We Govern

The Numbers

Who We Are

How You Vote

Contents

How We Did:

letter. Emergency succession

and succession planning for the chief executive officer role

over the long-term is in place.

Company secretary

The performance of the company secretary was formally

reviewed in May 2021 in compliance with paragraph 3.84(h)

of the JSE LR. The board is satisfied Janis Cheadle has the

competence, qualifications and experience necessary to

effectively discharge her responsibilities and, for the reporting

period, she performed her duties and provided appropriate

professional corporate governance guidance to the board at

an arms-length basis.

Performance Evaluations

Delegation To Management

80

81

Mr Price Group Limited | 2021 Integrated Report

How We Did

How We Govern

The Numbers

Who We Are

How You Vote

Contents

How We Govern:

Letter from the chair:

On behalf of the committee, I am pleased to present

the group’s remuneration and nominations committee

report for the 2021 financial year. The core objective of

our remuneration policy is to attract, motivate, retain and

reward top retail talent to deliver superior results. One of the

group’s core values is Partnership, with the most important

partnership being with the Mr Price associates.

Our guaranteed pay is aimed at the median of our chosen

comparator group, placing a lesser burden on the group’s

fixed staff costs in years of under-performance while still

ensuring that we remunerate our associates in line with the

market. It makes sense to us to reward generously when the

group experiences successful years, and to contain our fixed

costs to reasonable levels in years of poor performance;

hence the group takes the approach of rewarding

outperformance through its variable pay structures. To

ensure that we provide remuneration that is fair, appropriate

and responsible, we conduct an internal benchmarking

exercise annually. Every second year we engage an external

remuneration consultant to confirm our objectivity in

discharging our committee mandate.

Pay ranges are benchmarked against the comparator group’s

market median, allowing a tolerance band of 20% below

and above this measure. Benchmarking is conducted on

both a retail and national level for stores and head office

respectively. The group prescribes to a pay for performance

principle while still ensuring that associates fixed pay aligns

with the chosen comparator group’s market median.

The committee (and the board) is acutely aware of the global

issue regarding fair and responsible remuneration between

management and junior level employees. We believe that

our unique and inclusive approach to short and long-term

remuneration enables the best possible outcomes, is

substantively fair, and is applied consistently throughout the

group. By addressing equal pay for work of equal value, we

consequently close the gap between pay disparity.

Our performance and impact on remuneration

The second wave of COVID-19 in South Africa proved to be far

more contagious and devastating than that first experienced in

early 2020. The regression into an adjusted level 3 lockdown

from December 2020 added further uncertainty and challenges

to the country’s economic recovery. Households are likely

to be cautious in their spending due to negative impacts on

income and the cessation of government support initiatives

affecting discretionary categories. Despite this the group’s

business model has proven resilient to date, underpinned by its

differentiated cash-based, omni-channel, fashion-value retailer

offering. These factors played a role in our incentive outcomes.

Following the cautionary approach taken in the early part of the

reporting period where executives and non-executive directors

(NEDs) received no annual salary or fee increases and instead

took voluntary salary and fee reductions, the committee

approved the adjustment to the CFO’s salary in 2021 to better

align to the market median. The CEO requested that his salary

not be adjusted, which request the committee has acceded

to. Following a benchmarking exercise, shareholder support

will be sought to adjust board and committee fees to align with

the comparator group median. STIs were paid out based on

financial performance, strategic key performance indicators as

well as leadership shown during this period. STIs were paid

out to associates across the group including store associates

and store managers who received a once-off payment. The

majority of the LTIs due to vest this year have lapsed and

have been forfeited.

Effects of COVID-19

The economic, financial and trading uncertainty caused by

COVID-19 impacted the setting of appropriate performance

conditions for both STIs and LTIs. For STIs, performance

conditions included:

• strategies implemented to protect the workplace at head

office and stores

• ensuring that our value of Partnership guides our

responses and strengthens stakeholder relationships

• generate and preserve cash

• manage inventory and debtors levels in a responsible

manner (new accounts and collections)

• hold in tension the growth plans of the group

For the LTIs, awards were made during November 2020 for the

performance period 01 April 2021 to 31 March 2024 to mitigate

the negative impact of COVID-19 on the group’s performance

relating to these awards.

Voting and shareholder engagement

Stakeholder engagement is one of the group’s key strategic

pillars of which shareholders and the investment community

are one of its primary stakeholders. Its ability to deliver

value depends on these relationships and the contributions

and activities of its shareholders. The group’s key value of

Partnership was displayed clearly through the year as the

group communicated frequently and transparently with

shareholders ahead of its AGM and the implementation of its

new LTI. Ahead of the AGM the group sent communication

to 25 shareholders representing approximately 67.3% of its

issued ordinary shares for purposes of engaging generally on

the resolutions proposed at the AGM and particularly on the

group’s remuneration policy and remuneration implementation

report. Through this process, the group actively engaged

with 16 of these shareholders. Although we were encouraged

by the substantial increase in shareholder support from

102

103

Mr Price Group Limited | 2021 Integrated Report

How We Did

How We Govern

The Numbers

Who We Are

How You Vote

Contents

How We Govern:

letter of employment that stipulates

their notice period. The contract may be terminated by

either party giving written notice, which ranges from one

month for a store or head office associate to six months for

executive directors. Despite these provisions, either party

may terminate the contract of employment without notice for

any cause recognised in law or by agreement by both parties

to waive the notice period. Contracts are also terminated

in the event of dismissal, without the associate having an

entitlement for compensation. Employment contracts do not

contain provisions relating to the compensation of executives

for a change of control of the group, providing neither balloon

payments on termination or retirement, nor restraint of trade

payments (although the latter may be contained elsewhere).

In all other retirement or dismissal situations, unvested

options and shares will lapse unless the trustees of the

relevant share trust and committee exercise their discretion

and permit the retention of any or all the unvested options

and shares. The schemes have been designed in such a way

that the option awards decrease as an associate approaches

retirement and retention become less imperative.

The vesting rules for the new LTI make a distinction between

fault and no-fault terminations. Unvested or unexercised awards

are generally forfeited for a fault termination, while unvested

awards for no-fault terminations are pro-rated for service and

performance up to the date of termination of employment.

Malus and clawback

The committee has adopted a malus and clawback policy with

a view to further align the interests of associates with the long-

term interests of the group and all interested stakeholders and

to ensure that excessive risk-taking is mitigated. The policy

applies to all associates, prospectively to STI awards effective

from 2019 and prescribes three years after the award of any

STI. All prospective awards made under the new LTI will also

be subjected to malus and clawback.

Following written recommendation from the committee,

the board may act to adjust (malus) or recover (clawback)

incentive remuneration, where substantiated and as agreed

by the committee, for reasons including but not limited to:

• Contributing to or being responsible for material financial

misstatements; or

• Personal dishonesty, fraud or gross misconduct; or

• Instructing, directly or indirectly, any person to act

fraudulently, dishonestly or negligently

1 Annual guaranteed remuneration.

Conditional Rights

Performance

Conditions

HEPS

RONW

Sales Growth

Absolute TSR

Non Financial

Measures

HEPS Growth relative

to Real HCE1

"Weighted Average

Cost of Capital

WACC (JIBAR+7%,

Beta 1.2x)"

Stats SA - Retail

Sector D & E

Risk Free Rate +

premium

SETS Scorecard

% of award

20%

20%

20%

20%

20%

% Vesting

Threshold

80%

Real HCE +5%

WACC+10%

Stats SA

Jibar + 5%

Improve 50% of

metrics

Target

100%

Real HCE +6%

WACC + 12%

Stats SA + 1%

Jibar + 6%

Improve 60% of

metrics

Stretch 1

150%

Real HCE +7%

WACC + 14%

Stats SA + 3%

Jibar + 7%

Improve 70% of

metrics

Stretch 2

200%

Real HCE +8%

WACC + 16%

Stats SA + 5%

Jibar + 8%

Improve 80% of

metrics

Share Appreciation Rights

HEPS Growth > Real HCE1 + 3%

110

111

Mr Price Group Limited | 2021 Integrated Report

How We Did

How We Govern

The Numbers

Who We Are

How You Vote

Contents

How We Govern:

letter of representation, as provided for in this notice.

Equity securities held by a company share trust or scheme will not have their votes at the AGM taken into account for the

purposes of resolutions proposed in terms of the listings requirements. In addition, shares held as treasury shares in terms

of the act may not vote on any resolutions.

Meeting participants (including proxies and electronic participants) are required to provide identification reasonably

satisfactory to the company secretary before being entitled to attend or participate in a shareholders’ meeting. Forms of

identification include valid identity documents, driver’s licenses and passports.

Considering COVID-19 and consequent travel restrictions, shareholders will be notified of any changes to the meeting

arrangements.

Shareholders are encouraged to attend the AGM

By order of the board

Janis Cheadle

Company Secretary

11 June 2021

254

255

Mr Price Group Limited | 2021 Integrated Report

How We Did

How We Govern

The Numbers

Who We Are

How You Vote

Contents

How You Vote:

managing director of the Polish operation

before being appointed as: managing director of SABMiller Africa in October 2007. Mark retired from SABMiller at the end of

2016 and during his time he gained extensive experience in Africa operations and entering new markets.

The board has considered Mark’s capacity based on his other directorships and commitments and is satisfied that he can fulfil

his duties as a non-executive director of the group. The board fully supports Mark’s re-election.

Ordinary resolution 3: Profile for confirmation of appointment of non-executive director

Lucia Swartz

Qualifications:

BA Diploma in Human Resources Management; Advanced Management

Programme (Henley University)

Date of appointment to the board:

1 August 2020

Position held:

Independent non-executive director

Key skills:

Governance, human resources, international, leadership, strategy, sustainability

Committee membership:

Member of the remuneration and nominations committee

Lucia’s extensive experience within the human resources function, both locally and internationally, includes strategic human

resources, performance management, compensation and benefits design and management, organisation development,

diversity and inclusion, employee and industrial relations, talent management and succession planning, talent acquisition and

learning and development.

She has held positions at BP Southern Africa (Pty) Ltd, Seagram Spirits and Wine Group (New York, USA) and Sappi Limited.

She is currently the Vice President, People – Africa Zone at AB InBev Africa (Pty) Ltd (formerly SABMiller Africa (Pty) Ltd). She

has previously held board positions at various local and international companies including New Clicks Holdings Ltd, Sappi

Southern Africa and SAB Ltd.

The board has considered Lucia’s capacity based on her other commitments and is satisfied that she can fulfil her duties as a

non-executive director of the group. The board fully supports the confirmation of Lucia’s appointment.

Ordinary resolution 4: Profile for confirmation of appointment of non-executive director

Jane Canny

Qualifications:

FCG (CS, CPG, ACC), Fellow of Chartered Governance Institute of Southern Africa

Date of appointment to the board:

8 March 2021

Position held:

Independent non-executive director

Key skills:

Finance, financial services, governance, human resources, IT, leadership, retail,

risk, supply chain and logistics, strategy

Committee membership:

Member of the risk and IT committee

Other directorships include:

The Spar Group Ltd

A practised CEO and ICT executive with a proven ability to integrate strategy, business and IT across a wide range of sectors

– retail and financial services in particular. Jane has deep experience in leading business turnarounds through commercial

business modelling, rapid cost containment, customer retention and driving disruptive technology innovations.

Jane’s solid financial background, strategic acumen and ability to lead high-performance teams are integral to the successes

she has achieved as a Group Executive at Edcon (CEO of Thank U Digital an Edcon subsidiary), Business Connexion (COO)

and UCS Group (Commercial Executive).

The board has considered Jane’s capacity based on her other commitments and is satisfied that she can fulfil her duties as a

non-executive director of the group. The board fully supports the confirmation of Jane’s appointment.

Ordinary resolution 6: Profiles of audit and compliance committee members

Daisy Naidoo (Chair)

See profile on page 256. The board has considered Daisy’s capacity based on her other directorships and commitments and

is satisfied that she can and does diligently fulfil her duties as chair of the group’s audit and compliance committee. The board

fully supports Daisy’s re-election.

Mark Bowman

See profile on page 256. The board has considered Mark’s capacity based on his other directorships and commitments and

is satisfied that he can fulfil his duties as member of the group’s audit and compliance committee. The board fully supports

Mark’s re-election.

Mmaboshadi Chauke

Qualifications:

CA (SA)

Date of appointment to the board:

21 November 2018

Position held:

Independent non-executive director

Key skills:

Finance, leadership

Committee membership:

Member of the audit and compliance committee

Other directorships include:

The Small Enterprise Foundation, Mamor Investments (Pty) Ltd,

AfroCentric Investment Corporation Limited, Santam Ltd

Mmaboshadi is a member of the Institute of

