managing director, The Student Hub

Naspers Foundry

Investing in South Africa’s

early-stage tech sector

through our investment

vehicle, Naspers Foundry.

Performance highlights

Since its launch at the start of the 2019

calendar year, Naspers Foundry has invested

in four growing South Africa-focused tech

companies, with another two investments in

the last quarter of FY21. Naspers Foundry

has a solid investment pipeline.

‘ We are looking to boost the development of South Africa’s

early-stage tech ecosystem, to have a lasting impact on the

broader South African economy. The best way to achieve that

is to create success stories. So, at Naspers Foundry, we focus

on finding, investing in and helping to grow the next big South

African tech success stories.’

Fabian Whate

Head, Naspers Foundry

Food Supply Network

In September 2020, Naspers Foundry invested

in Food Supply Network, an independent food

marketplace platform that links the ordering systems

of manufacturers, distributors and buyers in a

marketplace to provide price and stock transparency

and logistical efficiency in the food supply chain.

The company’s solution has drawn interest from

some of the world’s largest food manufacturers and

is being used by many manufacturers and distributors

in South Africa, Angola, Namibia and Zambia.

‘ Running a tech start-up in a developing

country, you have to punch above your

weight to succeed. We weren’t actually

looking for investors, we were looking for

partners. We picked Naspers because of

that partnership fit.’

Gert Steyn

Co-founder and CEO, Food Supply Network

SweepSouth

In June 2019, Naspers Foundry made its first

investment – R30m in SweepSouth, Africa’s first

online home-cleaning-services marketplace, which

connects clients to vetted domestic cleaners who

are able to work flexibly and receive fair pay.

SweepSouth has 5 000 domestic cleaners on its

platform and has provided employment

opportunities for over 20 000 women to date.

During the year, Naspers Foundry helped

SweepSouth navigate the pandemic and raise

additional capital.

Looking forward

Naspers Foundry is increasing its focus on portfolio

management in the year ahead. The aim is to

increase and formalise initiatives to help investee

companies grow further and create greater value.

At the same time, Naspers Foundry will continue to

find new early-stage businesses to invest in –

contributing to a rapidly growing South Africa

tech ecosystem.

Naspers integrated annual report 2021

57

Group overview

Performance review

Sustainability review

Governance

Financial statements

Further information:

Managing director and head of Corporate Affairs India, Prosus

Looking forward

The plan is to build the Prosus SICA community,

with this year’s top start-ups potentially judging

next year’s awards and helping to mentor the next

wave of companies. These start-ups will stay

connected with us through the Prosus SICA LENS

programme where they will continue to support

the accessibility sector.

For SICA 2021, we are honoured to welcome WHO

as an additional partner. We look forward to

working with WHO to maximise the positive impact

of innovating in accessibility by supporting great

entrepreneurs and businesses in this segment, in

India and beyond. We are also considering

expanding partnerships to grow the Prosus SICA

family and impact.

Naspers integrated annual report 2021

93

Group overview

Performance review

Sustainability review

Governance

Financial statements

Further information:

letter of

representation given by the shareholder if the

shareholder is a company or juristic person, and

certified copies of identity documents or

passports of the persons who passed the

resolution.

• A valid email address and/or mobile phone

number.

• An indication that you or your proxy not only

wishes to attend the meeting by means of

electronic communication, but also to participate

and vote by means of electronic communication.

Such participants, who have complied with the

notice requirement above, will be contacted

between Friday, 13 August 2021 and Monday,

23 August 2021, via email/mobile phone and will

be provided with the relevant connection details as

well as the passcodes through which you or your

proxy(ies) can participate via electronic

communication and will be advised of the process

for participation via a unique link to the email/

mobile phone number provided in the notification.

Shareholders who are fully verified (as required

under the Act and outlined above) and

subsequently registered at the commencement of

the annual general meeting will be able to

participate in and/or vote by electronic

communication.

Should you wish to participate by way of electronic

communication, you will be required to connect

with the details as provided by the company by no

later than 15 minutes prior to the commencement

of the annual general meeting during which time

registration will take place.

If you choose to participate you will be able to view

a live webcast of the annual general meeting, and

ask directors questions and submit your votes in

real time.

For administrative purposes, and in order to

participate and vote, completed notices for

electronic participation must be received by TMS

via email at proxy@tmsmeetings.co.za before

14:00 (SAST) on Monday, 23 August 2021.

Important dates

The board of directors of the company has

determined, in accordance with section 59(1)(a)

and (b) of the Act, the following important dates:

Event

Date

Record date for receipt

of notice purposes

Friday,

11 June 2021

Notice of meeting

distributed to shareholders

Monday,

21 June 2021

Last date to trade to be

eligible to vote

Tuesday,

10 August 2021

Record date for voting

purposes

Friday,

13 August 2021

For administration purposes,

forms of proxy to be lodged

by 14:00

Monday,

23 August 2021

Meeting to be held

at 14:00

Wednesday,

25 August 2021

Results of meeting

released on SENS

Wednesday,

25 August 2021

Record date, attendance and voting

The record date for the meeting (being the date

used to determine which shareholders are entitled

to participate in and vote at the meeting) is Friday,

13 August 2021. Votes at the annual general

meeting will be taken by way of a poll and not on

a show of hands.

A shareholder entitled to attend and vote at the

meeting is entitled to appoint a proxy to attend,

participate in and vote at the meeting in their

place. A proxy need not be a shareholder of the

company.

Before any person may attend or participate in a

shareholders’ meeting, they must present

reasonably satisfactory identification and the

person presiding at the meeting must be

reasonably satisfied that the right of that person to

participate and vote, either as a shareholder or as

proxy for a shareholder, has been reasonably

verified. Forms of identification include a valid

identity document, driver’s licence and passport.

A form of proxy, which includes the relevant

instructions for its completion, is attached for the

use of holders of certificated shares and ‘own

name’ dematerialised shareholders who wish to be

represented at the virtual annual general meeting.

Completing a form of proxy will not preclude that

shareholder from attending and voting (in

preference to their proxy) at the annual general

meeting.

Holders of dematerialised shares, other than

‘own name’ dematerialised shareholders, who

wish to vote at the virtual annual general

meeting, must instruct their central securities

depository participant (CSDP) or broker

accordingly in the manner and cut-off time

stipulated by their CSDP or broker.

Holders of dematerialised shares, other than ‘own

name’ dematerialised shareholders, who wish to

attend the virtual annual general meeting in person

(through electronic communication), need to

arrange the necessary authorisation as soon as

possible through their CSDP or broker.

Naspers integrated annual report 2021

175

Group overview

Performance review

Sustainability review

Governance

Financial statements

Further information:

