managing director, The Student Hub

Naspers Foundry

Investing in South Africa’s

early-stage tech sector

through our investment

vehicle, Naspers Foundry.

Performance highlights

Since its launch at the start of the 2019

calendar year, Naspers Foundry has invested

in four growing South Africa-focused tech

companies, with another two investments in

the last quarter of FY21. Naspers Foundry

has a solid investment pipeline.

‘ We are looking to boost the development of South Africa’s

early-stage tech ecosystem, to have a lasting impact on the

broader South African economy. The best way to achieve that

is to create success stories. So, at Naspers Foundry, we focus

on finding, investing in and helping to grow the next big South

African tech success stories.’

Fabian Whate

Head, Naspers Foundry

Food Supply Network

In September 2020, Naspers Foundry invested

in Food Supply Network, an independent food

marketplace platform that links the ordering systems

of manufacturers, distributors and buyers in a

marketplace to provide price and stock transparency

and logistical efficiency in the food supply chain.

The company’s solution has drawn interest from

some of the world’s largest food manufacturers and

is being used by many manufacturers and distributors

in South Africa, Angola, Namibia and Zambia.

‘ Running a tech start-up in a developing

country, you have to punch above your

weight to succeed. We weren’t actually

looking for investors, we were looking for

partners. We picked Naspers because of

that partnership fit.’

Gert Steyn

Co-founder and CEO, Food Supply Network

SweepSouth

In June 2019, Naspers Foundry made its first

investment – R30m in SweepSouth, Africa’s first

online home-cleaning-services marketplace, which

connects clients to vetted domestic cleaners who

are able to work flexibly and receive fair pay.

SweepSouth has 5 000 domestic cleaners on its

platform and has provided employment

opportunities for over 20 000 women to date.

During the year, Naspers Foundry helped

SweepSouth navigate the pandemic and raise

additional capital.

Looking forward

Naspers Foundry is increasing its focus on portfolio

management in the year ahead. The aim is to

increase and formalise initiatives to help investee

companies grow further and create greater value.

At the same time, Naspers Foundry will continue to

find new early-stage businesses to invest in –

contributing to a rapidly growing South Africa

tech ecosystem.

Group overview

Performance review

Sustainability review

Governance

Financial statements

Further information

Prosus annual report 2021

64:

Managing director and head of Corporate Affairs India, Prosus

Looking forward

The plan is to build the Prosus SICA community,

with this year’s top start-ups potentially judging

next year’s awards and helping to mentor the next

wave of companies. These start-ups will stay

connected with us through the Prosus SICA LENS

programme where they will continue to support

the accessibility sector.

For SICA 2021, we are honoured to welcome WHO

as an additional partner. We look forward to

working with WHO to maximise the positive impact

of innovating in accessibility by supporting great

entrepreneurs and businesses in this segment, in

India and beyond. We are also considering

expanding partnerships to grow the Prosus SICA

family and impact.

Prosus annual report 2021

96

Group overview

Performance review

Sustainability review

Governance

Financial statements

Further information:

