letter

8

MD & CEO’s message

10

Asian Paints Charter

12

Board of Directors

14

Value creation model

16

Key risks and mitigation strategies

18

Stakeholder engagement and

materiality assessment

20

Global footprints

24

Business segment

26

Brand portfolio

28

Key performance indicators

30

Financial capital

32

Manufactured capital

36

Human capital

42

Intellectual capital

52

Natural capital

56

Social and relationship capital

66

Management discussion and analysis

74

Ten Year Highlights

92

Awards and accolades

94

STATUTORY REPORTS

Notice

95

Board’s report

120

Report on corporate governance

145

General shareholder information

162

Business responsibility report

174

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Standalone financial statements

186

Consolidated financial statements

254

GRI CONTENT INDEX

334

ASIAN PAINTS LIMITED

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,

The year gone by was one of the most difficult and

challenging ones that many of us have faced, and it has

impacted our lives in unforeseen ways. The COVID-19

pandemic has cast a shadow of uncertainty and anxiety all

over the world, affecting people across all social strata.

Through these difficult times, the relentless effort and

determination of all the frontline health and social workers

has stood out as a beacon of hope for humanity, and I

would like to convey my sincere gratitude to them for not

only keeping us safe but also helping the economy move

forward. On our part, we have participated in the various

initiatives of the government and extended our solidarity by

donating to various states across the country and

also helping large number of hospitals fight this

extreme situation. I am also hopeful that if each one of us

acts in a responsible manner, we would be able to put this

hardship behind us and look towards brighter, healthier

and safer days ahead.

Mr. Amit Syngle took over the position of the Managing

Director & CEO of our Company right in the midst of a

challenging and unprecedented year, and it gives me

immense pleasure to note that under his able leadership,

we have not only successfully delivered a very strong

set of financial results but have also strengthened our

capabilities to endure and respond to such uncertainties.

Under his leadership we embraced new challenges and the

Asian Paints Group has responded to many adversities with

unflinching commitment to our consumers, communities

and citizens, finding ingenious ways and means to reach out

to them.

Realigning our priorities

As we started the financial year 2020-21 in the midst of the

nationwide lockdown, our first and foremost priority was

to ensure the health and well-being of all our employees,

direct as well as indirect, by setting up work-from-home

infrastructure and ensuring safe, sanitized workplaces at

our manufacturing plants and various sales locations across

the country. The other key priority was to open up access

to our customer and the extension of our Health & Hygiene

product portfolio through the sanitizers & disinfectants

range, for varied surfaces and usage, coupled with our ‘San

Assure’ sanitization service and ‘Safe Painting’ solutions.

It helped us open our dealer network and provide safe

Chairman’s: letter

Enhancing our

value proposition

for customers

As an organisation, we have

always upheld the highest

standards of corporate governance,

which has been the bedrock for

our growth as a sustainable,

responsible corporate citizen.

solutions to our customers. This further strengthened

our brand salience in the ‘Health & Hygiene’ category and

reinforced Asian Paints as the ‘most preferred brand’ for

our customers. Looking at the huge strain on the public

infrastructure due to the pandemic, we also pushed for

community safety measures, supporting various local

administrations, state governments as well as the central

government in providing personal protective equipment,

sanitization products and services.

Handholding the customer

In my last communication, I had mentioned that for an

organisation to grow and retain its market leadership,

it had to guide its customers through the new normal

that would emerge out of our collective experiences

of this pandemic, and fulfil their requirements through

innovative ideas, products and solutions. As we continued

to manage the business dynamically to address the

uncertainties in the wake of the pandemic, we continued

to enhance our focus on understanding the changing

customer needs and aspirations across our businesses,

and address these through new products and solutions

with a strong value proposition for our customers.

Our focus on new categories and new products have

yielded us new gains and also given us unique strengths.

During the year, we further augmented our Home Décor

capabilities, introducing offerings in Lightings, Furnishings

and Furniture to cater to customer aspirations. We

also partnered with multiple designers, architects,

and end-delivery contractors to launch our ‘Beautiful

Homes Service’ that offers end-to-end services – from

personalised interior design to professional execution.

In the Industrial Coatings business, we launched a

comprehensive Asset Protection Management service,

thereby strengthening our relationship with key

customers. Many of these new products and solutions

were also rolled out in our global markets with relevant

market-specific customisations.

As an organisation, we have always upheld the highest

standards of corporate governance, which has been the

bedrock for our growth as a sustainable, responsible

corporate citizen. To further enhance the governance

standards, the Board of Directors constituted an

Investment Committee to focus on our strategic direction

and initiatives.

Looking ahead

As we look at navigating the business forward in the new

financial year, uncertainties have resurfaced with the

emergence of a strong, second wave of the COVID-19

pandemic. The situation has also worsened in many of our

markets in South Asia and the Middle East, with infection

numbers surpassing previous peaks. While governments

are keen to accelerate vaccination, only an effective drive

covering a large proportion of the population, will help us

contain this spread.

In the meantime, safety and well-being will remain our

highest priority. We will focus on addressing business

challenges with agility, working closely with our business

partners and stakeholders. I am confident that with the

guidance of our experienced Board, dynamic leadership

of the management team, and the commitment of our

employees, we will not just overcome the challenges but

convert these very challenges into opportunities to move to

an even higher trajectory of sustainable growth.

WARM REGARDS,

Ashwin Dani

DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,

In my last communication, I had expressed my confidence

in our organisation’s ability to navigate the uncertainties

posed by the coronavirus pandemic by constantly striving

to understand the evolving needs of the customer and

bringing happiness to their lives. It gives me immense

pleasure to say that as an organisation, we have been

able to manage these uncertainties with conviction,

reinforcing our ‘customer-first’ approach and brought in a

huge innovation and a strong strategic intent to focus on

medium-to long-term vision. And this has helped us deliver

extremely good results.

Before I deep-dive into some key highlights of our

performance this year, I would like to express my profound

appreciation for all the frontline healthcare staff and those

engaged in providing essential services for their tireless and

heroic efforts to provide all of us with the much needed

ray of hope in such difficult times. COVID-19 has touched

all of us, directly or indirectly, and these heroes have rallied

beyond their call of duty to provide us support, despite

innumerable obstacles.

The year that was

FY 2020-21 was a year of new norms – new customer

expectations and needs, and a new work environment and

its challenges. As an organisation, we not only adapted

to these new norms, addressing the emerging realities,

but also remained in pursuit of our long-term strategic

objectives that would enable us deliver sustainable

growth. The uncertainty in the first few months brought

us together, offering a unique opportunity to introspect,

reflect on our organisational journey over the past decades

and powered our zeal to visualise a roadmap to take our

organisation to the next level. We aligned and empowered

the whole team into this new Asian Paints future and

gave wings to some certainty in the whole environment

of uncertainty. This unique power of collaboration and

standing for each other’s success helped the entire team at

Asian Paints rally behind the key strategic objectives laid out

for all our businesses. This not only resulted in the strong,

industry-leading performance for the year under review,

but also laid the strong foundation for future growth.

Decorative business, India

We registered a strong performance in the Decorative

business in India, further cementing our market position

and gaining share from both the organised and the

unorganised segment. Our pursuit of product innovation,

enhancing value proposition for customers through unique

product features and network expansion continued

unhindered even during this pandemic-hit year. We took

some innovative approaches, using digital platforms

to connect with customers, key influencers, including

architects, designers, contractors and dealers, and

deepened our engagement with them.

We took strong steps to make further inroads into

upgrading the ‘bottom-of-the-pyramid’ demand through

our strong value proposition in the ‘value-for-money’ range

of products. We continued with our new product innovation

spree launching some differentiated products in previously

unchartered domains like the All Protek Fire Retardant Paint

and the Protek CrystaLite anti-dust, temperature reducing

clear glass paint. We also introduced the EzyCr8 range of

DIY products for quick and easy application on multiple

surfaces. The introduction of the ‘Safe Painting’ service and

MD & CEO’s message

A resolve to deliver

value amid challenges

We took strong steps to make

further inroads into upgrading the

‘bottom-of-the-pyramid’ demand

through our strong value proposition in

the ‘value-for-money’ range of products.

the ‘San Assure’ service, combined with our comprehensive

range of sanitizer products, provided us a unique edge in

both retail and institutional markets to address customer

concerns, offering them complete peace of mind by

meeting their requirements in a safe and secure manner.

The Projects segment of our business also registered strong

growth once the lockdown was eased.

We have now firmly established ourselves as the #1 player

in the Projects & Institution business with strong strengths

as a waterproofing expert.

The year also saw our vision of evolving into a Home

Décor company, propelling the business, with a strong

set of initiatives. We put together a strong and seamless

omnichannel model to partner with the customers in their

journey of translating their dream homes into reality,

through the Digital, @AP store and @Home channels.

Our digital property, beautifulhomes.com, continues to

be the most inspirational digital décor content platform,

offering unique and exciting design ideas to customers.

AP Beautiful Home Stores network has now expanded to

18 stores. They offer one-of-its-kind customer experience,

combining state-of-the-art visualisation platform with

physical displays, not just for paints but for a complete

décor product range that covers custom-design-to-

execution furniture, furnishings, lightings, customised tiles,

full-modular kitchens to bath and sanitary products.

We launched the Beautiful Homes Service, a seamless

‘custom-design-to-execution’ service across eight top cities,

with the aim of expanding to many more such centres. I am

confident that with this holistic approach, we would become

the most preferred Home Décor partner for our customers.

Home Improvement business

Even the Home Improvement business in the Kitchen and

Bath space picked up strongly, especially in the second half

of the year, supported by the turnaround witnessed in the

real estate space across many centres. The entry of Asian

Paints into the world of Home Décor provided a strong

spring board to this business to elevate the business to

new standards and large customer reach. High execution

standards being a key ask from customers in these

segments, the business extensively focused on improving

its execution capabilities with some unique propositions.

Both these businesses rallied, along with the Decorative

business to set new standards of customer service and was

able to transform the dynamics so that we start aligning

them for giving robust returns in future.

Industrial business

The Industrial business, especially the non-automotive

industrial coatings business, delivered an extremely good

performance, driven by our sharp focus on providing

innovative product solutions. This was done by invoking a

strong sense of collaboration across businesses keeping

in mind one view of the customer. This has helped us

register good growth in an otherwise declining market.

The automotive industrial coatings business, with its large

dependency on the automobile sector, also registered good

growth in the second half of the year.

International business

The International business portfolio also delivered a robust

performance across most of the geographies, despite

subdued business conditions. There was exceptional

emphasis on enhancing product features, drawing from our

experiences across geographies and customising them to

deliver unique value propositions in each of our markets.

We took a big strategic shift and were able to leverage

capabilities of the domestic business in the Waterproofing

space, making a strong mark and differentiating ourselves,

building a strong portfolio. The other strategic shift was to

enter the service space and introducing the ‘Safe Painting’

service proposition across key markets elevating the brand

in the eyes of the customer.

Progressive steps

During FY 2020-21, the Board of Directors approved the

formulation of the Employees Stock Option Plan 2021

(ESOP) for the grant of stock options to ‘Eligible Employees’

of the Company and/or its subsidiary companies.

This ESOP has been placed before the shareholders for

their approval at the ensuing 75th Annual General Meeting

of the Company. I am confident that this will encourage

our employees to devote themselves even more diligently

to the organisation’s future through their ownership and

commitment, and thus enable long-term wealth creation

for all stakeholders.

FY 2020-21 also marks an important milestone in our

reporting journey with the publication of our first

Integrated Report as per the Integrated Reporting

Framework <IR> of the International Integrated Reporting

Council (IIRC). This report provides a cohesive approach to

corporate reporting that, inter alia, communicates the full

range of factors that materially affect the ability of Asian

Paints to create value over time.

Looking ahead

As we entered the new financial year, the situation around

COVID-19 once again turned uncertain with the rise in

infections surpassing previous records within India as well

as that in many other geographies. Vaccination looks to be

the only sustainable way of putting the pandemic behind us.

But it will take some time to deliver results as a large

cross-section of the population will need to be vaccinated

before the spread of the virus can be curbed. As a

responsible and caring organisation, we will continue

to accord the highest priority on the well-being of our

employees, encouraging them to follow necessary

precautions. We will also have to anticipate intermittent

business restrictions and disruptions to the supply chain

networks for some time.

That said, one key highlight of the past year has been our

organisation’s resolve to deliver, despite these challenges,

driven by our singular passion of delivering best-in-class

value to our customers. And I am confident that we will

continue to stay focused in this pursuit.

WARM REGARDS,

Amit Syngle: Managing

Managing Director and CEO

Creative zeal

Passionately striving to cause disruption by a

constant search for innovative, out of the box

and differentiated solutions and executing

with velocity and attention to detail

Scientific rigor

Adopting a data-analysis driven approach to

decision making and continuous experimentation

towards building world class practices

and products

Customer passion

Treating our customers the way we would

want to be treated. Customer First!

Integrity

We honour our word, always.

Standing for each

other’s success

Always being selfless, ensuring success of all

groups and individuals, like we would

for ourselves

Audacity

Fearless in challenging the usual way of

doing things, stretching for bold goals

as a way of life

We value:

AP Charter

We dare. We care.

We create beautiful worlds.

You can count on us.

We are , delivering joy since 1942.

We are in the business of colour, décor, design

and protection, we make anything & everything

beautiful and lasting.

Being innovators, we transcend global boundaries

and are the preferred brand.

We are dynamic and disruptive. Constantly redefining

trends with world-class solutions, inspiring

consumers to realise their dreams.

We are committed to sustainability and safety.

We are creative. Co-creating and partnering with

customers and stakeholders, transforming Billions of

living spaces and objects.

We exist to beautify, preserve, transform all spaces

and objects, bringing happiness to the world.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

MALAV DANI

Non-Executive Director

ASHWIN DANI

Non-Executive Chairman

MANISH CHOKSI

Non-Executive Vice-Chairman

AMRITA VAKIL

Non-Executive Director

R SESHASAYEE

Independent Director

PALLAVI SHROFF

Independent Director

SURESH NARAYANAN

Independent Director

JIGISH CHOKSI

Non-Executive Director

DEEPAK SATWALEKAR

Independent Director

Integrated Report 2020-21

14

Strategic Review

15

ASIAN PAINTS LIMITED

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and CEO as a forum for

developing the next leadership at the Company level.

During the year, multiple initiatives were taken to

develop the ‘One Link’. With the help of an

external coach, the essential competencies for

the success of 'One Link' were identified. The One

Link arrived at a five-point scale for each of these

competencies and rated each other, including the

MD and CEO, on the competencies. The feedback

received was used by the members to work on and

assess themselves in the periodical self-ratings. The

One Link, being committed to each other’s success,

reached out to each other to provide support on

areas where they could help. This was supported

by independent assessments and inputs from the

Coach over more than 18 full days 'One Link' sessions

during the year.

The 'One Link' also actively took up the agenda

of developing our managerial talent pool. The

rigorous methodology adopted to accomplish

breakthrough projects required individuals to

perform at a high level of intensity and to hold each

other accountable while trying to find pathways to

accomplish the outcomes. This methodology offered

a good opportunity for developing individuals while

delivering breakthrough outcomes. Individuals

developed a sound sense of overall business as well

as build competencies to work in these

high-performance teams. These projects also provide

an opportunity for peers and supervisors to give

work-related feedback for individuals to develop.

These are then entrenched in the people review

process and development plans for the individual.

The overall culture of performance and leadership

in Asian Paints is being transformed to propel the

Company into future.

We conduct structured learning journeys which helps

the managerial cadre transition from one level to

other11. The learning journeys are contextualized

and designed in a manner such that the employees

get an immersive experience which helps them to

effectively meet the transition challenges as they

move into different levels. For example, on one

hand, we have an Emerging Leaders programme for

managers and executives hired from campus within

one year of their joining that aims at organisational

and functional understanding with few elements of

managing team and work. On the other hand, for

lateral managerial joinees, we have structured cross-

In addition, we are making efforts to create an environment where a diverse workforce can be retained, and

more women leaders can emerge. The following graphs showcase future-ready and diverse workforce13 in our

organisation with respect to our operations in India.

FY 2017-18

FY 2018-19

FY 2019-20

FY 2020-21

12

15

15

16

14

14

10

12

Employee turnover (%)

Male

Female

Employee mix by age and gender (numbers)

FY 2017-18

FY 2018-19

FY 2019-20

FY 2020-21

535

583

48

847

750

97

930

834

96

809

713

96

Male

Female

Total

functional induction program which has different

elements catering to the expectations of related

roles. Similarly, for middle management employees,

we have structured strategic leadership journeys

which highlights the leadership expectations from

such levels including know-how and leadership

acumen needed to handle the complexities

associated with such levels. The curriculum is

designed basis extensive research and is anchored

by experienced internal subject matter experts and

renowned professors from premier institution such

as IIMs, ISB, National Law School, Bangalore, etc.

11 GRI 404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs

12 GRI 401-1 Employee hire and turnover

13 GRI 102-8 Information on employee and other workers

There has been an increase of 10.1% in the

number of female employees in the reporting

year. To empower our female employees, we

have undertaken various initiatives. One of the

initiatives being mentorship programme for women

wherein, new management trainees are supported

by our senior women employees for a period of

three to four months. We are proud to say that

women supervisors are managing shifts in two

of our modern plants in Mysuru, Karnataka and

Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh.

Apart from that, we have a platform called ‘SWARA’

which is an internal network of women employees.

Programmes and conversations around safety, health

and wellness were conducted under SWARA.

CAPABILITY AND ORGANISATIONAL

DEVELOPMENT

One of the ways to constantly forge ahead is to

upgrade one’s knowledge and skills and we at Asian

Paints believe in making our people future ready.

We constantly encourage employees to work in

collaboration with different teams and business

segments to enrich their overall exposure.

Employees hired by age group (numbers)

561

22

0

814

33

0

860

70

0

699

109

1

<30 years

30 - 50 years

>50 years

FY 2017-18

FY 2018-19

FY 2019-20

FY 2020-21

Total number of employees by age group (numbers)

2,941

2,949

294

3,017

3,080

308

3,129

3,313

315

3,203

3,641

316

<30 years

30 - 50 years

>50 years

FY 2017-18

FY 2018-19

FY 2019-20

FY 2020-21

Total number of employees by gender (numbers)

5,827

6,184

357

6,405

6,005

400

6,757

6,319

438

7,160

6,678

482

Male

Female

Total

FY 2017-18

FY 2018-19

FY 2019-20

FY 2020-21

Total temporary and contractual

employees (numbers)

12,314

13,603

16,224

16,354

FY 2017-18

FY 2018-19

FY 2019-20

FY 2020-21

The diversity on our Board of Directors has been

highlighted below:

Diversity of the Board by gender (numbers)

12

2

12

2

11

3

11

3

Male

Female

FY 2017-18

FY 2018-19

FY 2019-20

FY 2020-21

Diversity of the Board by age (numbers)

0

2

12

0

2

12

0

3

11

0

3

11

<30 years

30 - 50 years

>50 years

FY 2017-18

FY 2018-19

FY 2019-20

FY 2020-21

Graphs not to scale

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter and spirit. We migrated to a new portal to monitor

compliance on a real time basis. New legislations and

amendments to existing laws are regularly studied,

people are trained in the Company and changes are made

to underlying IT systems to ensure timely compliance.

Performance review

During FY 2020-21, revenue from operations on

standalone basis increased by 7.7% to ₹ 18,516.9 Crores

from ₹ 17,194.1 Crores. Net profit increased by 15.0% to

₹ 3,052.5 Crores as compared to ₹ 2,654.0 Crores in the

previous corresponding period. On a consolidated basis,

revenue from operations has increased by 7.4 % to

₹ 21,712.8 Crores from ₹ 20,211.3 Crores. Net profit

after non-controlling interest (from continuing

operations) increased by 15.8 % to ₹ 3,139.3 Crores

as compared to ₹ 2,710.1 Crores in the previous

corresponding period

* Interest coverage ratio increased in FY 2020-21 due to lower finance

cost resulting mainly from lower borrowings and bill discounting.

^ Higher networth in FY 2020-21 resulted in improved Debt Equity ratio.

**RONW for standalone: As compared to FY 2019-20, RONW for FY 2020-

21 is lower by 2.32% mainly due to higher retained earnings.

**RONW for consolidated: As compared to FY 2019-20, RONW for FY

2020-21 is lower by 0.83% mainly due to higher retained earnings.

With new laws where interpretations are still evolving,

differences in interpretation could lead to litigation.

Fraud and ethical behaviour: Risk of fraud is inherent

in any organisation. We consider the risk of fraud while

designing processes and controls. Steps are taken to

leverage automation to reduce the chances of frauds.

We have a robust policy framework to deal with frauds,

starting with the Code of Conduct, the Whistle-blower

Policy and policy on fraud prevention. Awareness

sessions are periodically held and people are encouraged

to report suspected frauds through the whistle-blower

mechanism.

Sustainability: Our manufacturing operations

consume water and water is also an ingredient in the

paint manufactured. Water security, therefore, becomes

a critical risk. We have been taking steps to reduce our

water footprint by investments in rainwater harvesting,

water conservation, recycling water, reducing fresh

water consumption, exploring options of consuming

water from sewage treatment plants, and other steps.

We have leveraged solar and wind energy to reduce the

environmental impact of our operations. Steps are taken to

reduce the specific energy consumed while manufacturing

products. Efforts to reduce the generation of hazardous

waste are taken up every year. Sustainability is also looked

at from the point of view of green and safe products for the

end consumer. Our efforts with respect to Corporate Social

Responsibility addresses the social aspect of sustainability.

The current pandemic continues to throw up challenges

with respect to safety, supply chain disruptions, stress on

working capital and uncertainty in the overall economic

environment. However, given the steps taken by global

leaders in tackling the same, the experience in the previous

year and the steps taken to mitigate some of the risks, we

are is confident of being able to deal with the situation.

It will continue to monitor the developments and act in

the best possible manner to balance the interest of all its

stakeholders. In the current dynamic environment, we

evaluate, monitors and assesses multiple uncertainties that

potentially impact its strategic objectives. In this exercise

it is guided by the Board through its Risk Management

Committee.

Standalone

Consolidated

Ratios

FY 2020-

21

FY 2019-20

FY 2020-21

FY 2019-20

Debtors

turnover ratio

12.7

14.6

9.9

10.9

Inventory

turnover ratio

(on cost of

goods sold)

3.4

3.5

3.4

3.5

Interest

coverage ratio* 58.1

45.0

47.7

36.0

Current ratio

2.2

1.8

2.0

1.7

Debt equity

ratio^

0.002

0.003

0.028

0.036

Operating

margin

ratio (%)

26.2

24.5

23.8

22.1

Net profit

margin (%)

16.5

15.4

14.8

13.8

Return on

networth (%)

(RONW)**

28.3

29.0

27.4

27.6

Key ratios

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director and CEO,

under the Asian Paints Employee Stock Option

Plan 2021 (“2021 Plan”) and, if thought fit, to pass

the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the recommendations

of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and

the approval of the Board of Directors of the Company

(hereinafter referred to as “the Board”) and pursuant

to the provisions of Sections 196, 197, 198, 203 and

other applicable provisions of the Companies Act,

2013 (“the Act”) and the rules made thereunder, read

with Schedule V to the Act (including any statutory

modification(s) or re-enactments thereof) and pursuant

to the Asian Paints Employee Stock Option Plan

2021 (“2021 Plan”) (upon approval of the 2021 Plan

by the shareholders of the Company), and in partial

modification to the resolution passed by shareholders

on 5th August, 2020 pursuant to the notice of AGM dated

23rd June, 2020 sent to the Company’s shareholders

approving the appointment and remuneration of

Mr. Amit Syngle as the: Managing

Managing Director and

CEO as approved by the shareholders and the executive

employment agreement shall be amended accordingly.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of the Company

be and is hereby authorized to alter and vary the

terms and conditions of the appointment and/or

remuneration, subject to the same not exceeding the

limits specified under Section 197, read with Schedule

V of the Act (including any statutory modification(s) or

re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force).

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board and/or the

Company Secretary, be and are hereby severally authorized

to settle any question, difficulty or doubt, that may arise in

giving effect to this resolution and to do all such acts, deeds

and things as may be necessary, expedient and desirable

for the purpose of giving effect to this resolution”.

12. To consider change of place of keeping and inspection

of Register and Index of Members, returns, etc. and,

if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a

Special Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of

Sections 88, 94 and other applicable provisions, if any,

of the Companies Act, 2013 (hereinafter referred to

as “the Act”) read with the Companies (Management

and

Administration)

Rules,

2014

(including

any

statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof

for the time being in force), consent of the Members

of the Company be and is hereby accorded for the

maintenance of the Registers and Index of Members

of the Company under Section 150 of the Companies

Act, 1956 or Section 88 of the Act, as applicable and

copies of the returns prepared under Section 159 of

the Companies Act, 1956 or Section 92 of the Act, as

applicable, read with the Companies (Management and

Administration) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory

modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time

being in force) and in accordance with Article 144 of the

Articles of Association of the Company, for the period(s)

on or after 1st April, 2003, be shifted and maintained at

M/s. TSR Darashaw Consultants Private Limited, C-101,

1st Floor, 247 Park, Lal Bahadur Shastri Marg, Vikhroli

(West), Mumbai - 400 083, or at such other place within

Mumbai, where the Registrar and Transfer Agent may

shift its office from time to time.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors

and/or the Company Secretary be and are hereby

authorized to settle any question, difficulty or doubt,

that may arise in giving effect to this resolution and to

do all such acts, deeds and things as may be necessary,

proper or expedient for the purpose of giving effect to

this resolution”.

13. To ratify the remuneration payable to M/s. RA & Co.,

Cost Accountants (Firm Registration No. 000242), Cost

Auditors of the Company for the financial year ending

31st March, 2022 and, if thought fit, to pass the following

resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Section 148 and other

applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013

read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014

and Companies (Cost Records and Audit) Rules, 2014

(including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s)

thereof for the time being in force), the Company hereby

ratifies the remuneration of ` 8 Lakhs (Rupees eight

lakhs only) plus taxes and reimbursement of out of

pocket expenses at actuals, if any, incurred in connection

with the audit to M/s. RA & Co., Cost Accountants (Firm

Registration No. 000242) who were appointed by the

Board of Directors as Cost Auditors of the Company, based

on recommendations of Audit Committee, to conduct cost

audits relating to cost records of the Company under the

Companies (Cost Records and Audit) Rules, 2015 (including

any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof

for the time being in force) for the financial year ending

31st March, 2022.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors and/

or the Company Secretary be and are hereby authorized

to settle any question, difficulty or doubt, that may arise

in giving effect to this resolution and to do all such acts,

deeds and things as may be necessary, proper or expedient

for the purpose of giving effect to this resolution”.

By Order of the Board of Directors

of Asian Paints Limited

R J Jeyamurugan

CFO & Company Secretary

12th May, 2021

Registered Office:

6A, Shantinagar, Santacruz (E), Mumbai - 400 055.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter, etc.

authorizing them to attend the AGM, by e-mail to

investor.relations@asianpaints.com.

Process for dispatch of Annual Report and

registration of email id for obtaining copy of

Annual Report

6.

In compliance with the aforementioned Circulars,

Notice of the AGM along with the Annual Report

2020-21 is being sent only through electronic mode

to those Members whose email addresses are

registered with the Company/Depository Participant

(DP). Members may note that the Notice and Annual

Report 2020-21 will also be available on the Company’s

website at www.asianpaints.com, websites of the

Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited and National Stock

Exchange of India Limited at www.bseindia.com and

www.nseindia.com respectively, and on the website

of National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) at

www.evoting.nsdl.com.

7.

Process for registration of e-mail addresses for

obtaining Notice of the AGM along with Annual Report

for FY 2020-21:

If your e-mail address is not registered with the

Depositories (if shares held in electronic form)/

Company (if shares held in physical form), you may

register on or before 5.00 p.m. (IST) on Sunday,

20th June, 2021 to receive the Notice of the AGM

along with the Integrated Annual Report 2020-21 by

completing the process as under:

a.

Visit the link https://tcpl.linkintime.co.in/EmailReg/

Email_Register.html.

b.

Select the name of the Company ‘Asian Paints

Limited’ from dropdown.

c.

Enter details in respective fields such as DP ID and

Client ID (if shares held in electronic form)/Folio no.

and Certificate no. (if shares held in physical form),

shareholder name, PAN, mobile no. and e-mail id.

d.

System will send OTP on mobile no. and e-mail id.

e.

Enter

OTP

received

on

mobile

no.

and

e-mail id and submit.

8.

Shareholders holding shares in physical mode can also

register/update their email address by sending a duly

signed request: letter including their name and folio

number to M/s. TSR Darashaw Consultants Private

Limited (TSR), Company’s Registrar and Transfer Agent

at C-101, 1st Floor, 247 Park, Lal Bahadur Shastri Marg,

Vikhroli (West), Mumbai - 400 083. Shareholders holding

shares in dematerialized form are requested to register/

update their email address with the relevant Depository

Participant(s).

9.

Members seeking any information with regard to any

matter to be placed at the AGM, are requested to write

to the Company at investor.relations@asianpaints.com.

Procedure for joining the 75th AGM through VC/

OAVM

10. NSDL will be providing facility for voting through remote

e-Voting, for participation in the 75th AGM through VC/

OAVM and e-Voting during the 75th AGM.

11. Members may note that the VC/OAVM facility, allows

participation of at least 1,000 Members on a first-come-

first-served basis.

12. Member will be provided with a facility to attend the

AGM through VC/OAVM through the NSDL e-Voting

system. Members may access the same by following the

steps mentioned at note no. 20 (d) "Step 1: Access to

NSDL e-Voting system". After successful login, you can

Notice (Contd.)

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

letter etc. with

attested specimen signature of the duly authorized

signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the

Scrutinizer at asianpaints.scrutinizer@asianpaints.

com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in.

2.

It is strongly recommended not to share your

password with any other person and take utmost

care to keep your password confidential. Login

to the e-Voting website will be disabled upon

five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct

password. In such an event, you will need to go

through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or

“Physical User Reset Password?” option available on

www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

3.

In case of any queries for e-Voting, you may refer the

Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders

and e-Voting user manual for Shareholders available

at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com

or call on toll free no.: 1800-1020-990 and 1800-

224-430 or send a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in.

e.

Members who have cast their votes by remote

e-Voting prior to the AGM may also attend/

participate in the Meeting through VC/OAVM but

they shall not be entitled to cast their vote again.

f.

Any person holding shares in physical form and

non-individual shareholders, who acquires shares

of the Company and becomes member of the

Company after the notice is send through e-mail

and holding shares as of the cut-off date i.e.

Tuesday, 22nd June, 2021, may obtain the

login ID and password by sending a request at

evoting@nsdl.co.in

or

to

the

Company

at

investor.relations@asianpaints.com.

However,

if

you are already registered with NSDL for remote

e-Voting, then you can use your existing user ID

and password for casting your vote. If you forgot

your password, you can reset your password by

using “Forgot User Details/Password” or “Physical

User

Reset

Password”

option

available

on

www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll free no. 1800-

1020-990 and 1800-224-430. In case of Individual

Shareholders holding securities in demat mode

who acquires shares of the Company and becomes

a Member of the Company after sending of the

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter to TSR mentioning the name, folio

no., bank details, self-attested PAN card and original

cancelled cheque leaf. In case of absence of name of

the first shareholder on the original cancelled cheque or

initials on the cheque, bank attested copy of first page

of the Bank Passbook/Statement of Account along with

the original cancelled cheque shall be provided.

26. In case the Company is unable to pay the dividend

to any shareholder by the electronic mode, due to

non-availability of the details of the bank account, the

Company shall dispatch the dividend warrants to such

shareholder by post.

27. Members may note that as per the Income Tax Act,

1961, as amended by the Finance Act, 2020, dividends

paid or distributed by the Company after 1st April 2020,

shall be taxable in the hands of the shareholders and the

Company shall be required to deduct tax at source (TDS)

at the prescribed rates from the dividend to be paid to

shareholders, subject to approval of shareholders in the

ensuing AGM. The TDS rate would vary depending on the

residential status of the shareholder and the documents

submitted by them and accepted by the Company.

a.

All Shareholders are requested to ensure that

the below information & details are completed

and/or updated, as applicable, in their respective

demat account(s) maintained with the Depository

Participant(s); or in case of shares held in physical

form, with TSR, on or before the Record Date i.e.

Friday, 11th June, 2021.

Please note that the following information &

details, if already registered with the TSR and

Depositories, as the case may be, will be relied upon

by the Company, for the purpose of complying with

the applicable TDS provisions:

I.

Valid Permanent Account Number (PAN)*.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO; and

iii)

Eligible Directors and employees of subsidiaries (equivalent to the cadres i) and ii) above) of the Company

across geographies.

The above is the initial identification, and does not detract from the provisions of the 2021 Plan on the Eligible

Employees who can be granted stock options under the 2021 Plan. The Administrator shall, in consultation

with the MD & CEO, determine the Eligible Employees entitled to be beneficiaries of the 2021 Plan, from time

to time.

6.

Requirements of

Vesting and period of

Vesting

i)

The vesting period shall be decided by the Committee from time to time in accordance with the 2021

Plan, however, the minimum vesting period shall not be less than 12 months from the date of grant of the

stock options (or such other period as required under the SEBI Regulations as in effect from time to time)

and the maximum vesting period shall not be more than 48 months from the date of grant of the stock

options. Vesting may happen in one or more tranches;

ii)

There would be immediate vesting of all unvested stock options in case of retirement of the Participants.

iii)

There would be immediate vesting of all unvested stock options in case of death or permanent incapacity

of the Participants;

iv)

In the event of termination of employment, or resignation of the Participant, stock options granted under

the relevant award agreement which are not vested on the Participant on the date of termination of

employment/resignation (as the case may be) will automatically lapse; and

v)

In the event the employment of the Participant is terminated for misconduct, the stock options will lapse

if the employment is terminated prior to vesting. Where the stock options are vested on the Participant,

the unexercised stock options shall be forfeited if the Participant’s employment is terminated for

misconduct.

7.

Maximum period

within which the stock

options shall vest

The maximum vesting period shall not be more than 48 months from the date of grant of the stock options.

8.

Exercise price or

pricing formula

The exercise price for any stock options granted to Eligible Employee shall be at a discount of 50% to the

“Reference Share Price” of the shares of the Company (rounded off to the next whole number, if not a whole

number);

“Reference Share Price” means the average of the daily high and low of the volume weighted average prices

of the Shares quoted on a recognised stock exchange during the 22 trading days preceding the day on which

the grant is made.

9.

Exercise period and

process of exercise

The exercise period for Participants (or for legal heirs/nominees of deceased participants) shall be up to

730 calendar days, as may be determined by the Administrator and mentioned in the respective eligible

employees award agreement. In case of termination of employment (other than for misconduct) or resignation

of the Participant, the vested stock options shall be exercised within a period of 30 calendar days from the date

of termination of employment/resignation - unless this period is extended by the Administrator.

10.

The appraisal process

for determining

the eligibility of

employees for the

scheme(s)

The appraisal process for determining the eligibility of employees for the grant of stock options under the

2021 Plan shall be determined by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee in consultation with Managing

Director & CEO and based on their level, performance rating and such other criteria as may be considered

appropriate.

Notice (Contd.)

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO (‘MD & CEO’), under the Asian

Paints Employee Stock Option Plan 2021 (“2021 Plan”).

The 2021 Plan covers MD & CEO of the Company. Accordingly,

Mr. Amit Syngle, MD & CEO of the Company, is also eligible to

participate in the 2021 Plan.

The remuneration of Mr. Amit Syngle as the MD & CEO

was approved by the shareholders of the Company at the

74th Annual General Meeting held on 5th August, 2020

(“the Original Resolution”).

The Board of Directors of the Company, based on the

recommendations of the Nomination & Remuneration

Committee, propose to grant Mr. Amit Syngle, MD & CEO,

stock options to incentivize him, further increase shareholder

value and in recognition of his efforts as the MD & CEO. From

the 2021 Plan (subject to the same being approved by the

shareholders), it is proposed to grant equity stock options in

the form of stock options which shall vest and be capable of

exercise into equity shares of the Company in accordance with

the performance and vesting related conditions as specified

in the 2021 Plan from the financial year 2020-21 onwards.

The total commission and the value of the stock options

granted under the 2021 Plan payable to the Managing

Director & CEO in a financial year shall not exceed 0.75%

of net profit of the Company as calculated under Section

198 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Act read

with the rules issued thereunder (including any statutory

modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being

in force), for each financial year, out of which the value of

stock options granted under the 2021 Plan shall not exceed

35% of the total remuneration payable in each financial year,

excluding the fixed component.

The said variation is approved by the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors of the

Company in accordance with the applicable provisions of the

Act (and other applicable laws) and in accordance with the

Original Resolution, and as such approval of shareholders is

not required for the resolution referred in Item No. 11 above,

however, the same is now being sought as a measure of good

corporate governance.

The resolution seeks the approval of the shareholders in

terms of Sections 196, 197, 198, 203 read with Schedule

V and other applicable provisions of the Act and the rules

framed thereunder (including any statutory modifications

or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force) for

the change in remuneration of Mr. Amit Syngle, MD & CEO.

Relevant details relating to variation in terms of remuneration

of Mr. Amit Syngle, including his profile, as required by the

Act, Listing Regulations and Secretarial Standards issued by

ICSI are provided in the “Annexure” to the Notice.

Except Mr. Amit Syngle and his relatives, none of the other

Directors, Key Managerial Personnel or their relatives are in

any way concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in

the resolution.

The Board of Directors of the Company recommends the

passing of the proposed resolution stated in Item No. 11 as

an Ordinary Resolution.

Resolution No. 12

The Company had appointed M/s. TSR Darashaw Limited

(“TSRDL”) as its Registrar and Transfer Agent (“RTA”) with

effect from 1st April, 2016. The Shareholders of the Company

through Postal Ballot on 24th May, 2016, had, inter alia,

approved the maintenance of the statutory records of

the Company for the period(s) on or after 1st April, 2003,

required to be maintained under Sections 88 & 92 of the Act

& its corresponding provisions under the Companies Act,

1956 (“erstwhile Act”), as may be applicable, at the office of

TSRDL located in Mahalaxmi, Mumbai or at such other place

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director

in the year 1998, he was holding the post of Whole-

time Director of the Company. Mr. Abhay Vakil was

overseeing the decorative business and was incharge

of the supply chain/sales and marketing activities of

the decorative business of the Company. His role also

included containment of costs, maintenance of quality

and ensuring achievement of the targeted sales and

profits. He ceased to be a Joint: Managing

Managing Director of

Ashok Leyland Limited from 1998 to

2011, Executive Vice Chairman from

2011 to 2013 and Non Executive Vice

Chairman from 2013 to 2016. He was

also the Chairman of IndusInd Bank

from 2007 to 2019. He has served

on the Boards of various companies,

including ICICI Bank and Infosys Ltd

(Chairman from 2015 to 2017). He

was the President of Society of Indian

Automobile Manufacturers during 2001-

2003 and President of Confederation of

Indian Industry during the year 2006-

2007.

Mr. Amit Syngle holds a BE – Mechanical degree from Panjab

Engineering College and has done MBA from CBM Panjab

University. He has been working with Asian Paints for the last

31 years in various capacities across Sales, Marketing, Supply

Chain, Business Development, Research & Technology.

He joined the Company as a Management Graduate and initially

spent eight years in Sales and headed the North and Central

parts of the country. He went on to spearhead the Kasna Plant in

North India where he ushered new age Manufacturing excellence

and big reforms in the IR environment. In 2001 he donned the

mantle of General Manager - Marketing and gave the brand Asian

Paints a modern, contemporary but yet a very Indian emotional

identity. He soon headed the Sales & Marketing for the Decorative

Business as Vice President. He became the President in 2012 and

was responsible for not only the Sales & Marketing at Asian Paints

but also headed the Research & Technology function across the

organization where he ushered a huge culture of Innovation, which

has seen more than 90 Innovative launches over the last 7 years. He

conceptualized and gave wings to diversification in Waterproofing

and Chemicals, Adhesives, Wall Papers strengthening the brand in

a big way. He held the position of Chief Operating Officer for two

years, heading the Indian Decorative business of more than US$

2.5 billion. As part of this business, he headed Supply Chain, Sales

& Marketing and Research & Technology areas as well. In addition,

he also spearheaded the newly acquired businesses of Kitchens and

Bath spaces in the Home Improvement venture of Asian Paints.

Mr. Amit Syngle has been appointed as the: Managing

Managing Director &

CEO, for the financial year 2020-21, excludes ` 2.47 crores (Rupees

two crores and forty seven lakhs) worth of Stock Options which would

be granted in accordance with the 2021 Plan, subject to approval of

the shareholders of the Company. The stock options would vest after

fulfillment of vesting conditions in accordance with the 2021 Plan.)

Details of proposed

remuneration

Sitting fees and Commission as may be

approved by the Board of Directors in

accordance with applicable provisions

of law.

As mentioned in the Notice and explanatory statement, to the extent

of variation in the remuneration as approved by the Shareholders of

the Company at their Annual General Meeting held on 5th August,

2020 by inclusion of stock options as per the 2021 Plan.

Inter-se relationships

between

•

Directors

•

Key Managerial

Personnel

Not related to any Director or Key

Managerial Personnel

Not related to any Director or Key Managerial Personnel

Number of meetings of the

Board attended during the

financial year 2020-21

7 of 7

7 of 7

Chairperson/Membership of

the Statutory Committee(s)

of Board of Directors of the

Company as on date

Õ

Chairman, Stakeholders

Relationship Committee

Õ

Chairman, Investment Committee

Õ

Member, Audit Committee

Õ

Member of Stakeholders Relationship Committee

Õ

Member of Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

Õ

Member of Risk Management Committee

Õ

Member of Shareholders Committee

Õ

Member of Investment Committee

Other companies in which

he/she is a Director

excluding Directorship

in Private and Section 8

companies as on 31st March,

2021

Hinduja National Power Corporation

Limited

Nil

Chairperson/Membership of

the Statutory Committee(s)

of Board of Directors of

other companies in which he/

she is a Director excluding

Private and Section 8

companies as on 31st March,

2021

Hinduja National Power Corporation

Limited

Õ

Chairman, Risk Management

Committee

Õ

Member, Audit Committee

Nil

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO of the Company. As such,

Mr. Amit Syngle,: Managing

Managing Director & CEO and Independent Directors of

the Company are not liable to retire by rotation.

Declaration from Directors

The Company has received the following declarations from

all the Independent Directors confirming that:

1.

They meet the criteria of independence as prescribed

under the provisions of the Act, read with the

Schedule and Rules issued thereunder, and the

Listing Regulations. There has been no change in the

circumstances affecting their status as Independent

Directors of the Company; and

2.

They have registered themselves with the Independent

Director’s Database maintained by the IICA.

None of the Directors of the Company are disqualified for

being appointed as Directors as specified in Section 164(2) of

the Act and Rule 14(1) of the Companies (Appointment and

Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014.

Key Managerial Personnel

Mr.

Amit

Syngle,

Managing

Director

&

CEO

and

Mr. R. J. Jeyamurugan, CFO & Company Secretary, are the

Key Managerial Personnel of the Company.

Mr. Amit Syngle was appointed as the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO, the Chief

Financial Officer, the Audit Committee, the Risk Management

Committee and the Board.

Mitigation plans to significant risks are well integrated with

functional and business plans and are reviewed on a regular

basis by the senior leadership.

The Company endeavors to continually sharpen its Risk

Management systems and processes in line with a rapidly

changing business environment. There are no risks which

in the opinion of the Board threaten the existence of the

Company. However, some of the risks which may pose

challenges are set out in the Management Discussion and

Analysis which forms part of this Annual Report.

VIGIL MECHANISM

The Company has a robust vigil mechanism through its

Whistle Blower Policy approved and adopted by Board of

Directors of the Company in compliance with the provisions

of Section 177(10) of the Act and Regulation 22 of the

Listing Regulations.

The Company has engaged an agency for managing an

’Ethics Hotline’ which can be used to, inter alia, report

any instances of financial irregularities, breach of code

of conduct, abuse of authority, disclosure of financial/

unpublished price sensitive information other than for

legitimate purposes, unethical/unfair actions concerning

Company vendors/suppliers, malafide manipulation of

Company records, discrimination to the Code of Conduct in

an anonymous manner.

The Policy also provides adequate protection to the Directors,

employees and business associates who report unethical

practices and irregularities.

Any incidents that are reported are investigated and suitable

action is taken in line with the Whistle Blower Policy.

The Whistle Blower Policy of the Company can be accessed

at website of the Company at https://www.asianpaints.com/

more/investors/policies-programs.html.

POLICY ON PREVENTION OF SEXUAL

HARASSMENT AT WORKPLACE

As per the requirements of the Sexual Harassment of Women

at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act,

2013 (“Prevention of Sexual Harassment Act”), the Company

has formulated a Policy on Prevention of Sexual Harassment

at Workplace for prevention, prohibition and redressal of

sexual harassment at workplace and an Internal Complaints

Committees has also been set up to redress any such

complaints received.

The Company is committed to providing a safe and conducive

work environment to all of its employees and associates.

The Company periodically conducts sessions for employees

across the organization to build awareness about the Policy

and the provisions of Prevention of Sexual Harassment Act.

Complaints of sexual harassment received during the

financial year 2020-21 by the Company were investigated in

Board’s Report (Contd.)

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO of the Company has not

received any remuneration or commission from any of

the subsidiary companies. Further the Company doesn’t

have any Holding Company;

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

10,41,59,592

112.05

NA

Malav Dani

Non-Executive Director

41,30,000

4.44

34.09

Amrita Vakil

Non-Executive Director

39,60,000

4.26

35.15

Jigish Choksi

Non-Executive Director

38,40,000

4.13

32.41

Deepak Satwalekar

Independent Director

42,50,000

4.57

26.87

S. Sivaram

Independent Director

41,30,000

4.44

37.21

M. K. Sharma

Independent Director

48,90,000

5.26

33.24

Vibha Paul Rishi

Independent Director

40,20,000

4.32

38.62

R. Seshasayee

Independent Director

44,90,000

4.83

39.01

Suresh Narayanan

Independent Director

44,90,000

4.83

48.68

Pallavi Shroff

Independent Director

37,50,000

4.03

33.93

R. J. Jeyamurugan***

CFO & Company Secretary

2,57,77,608

27.73

NA

Notes:

1.

The aforesaid details are calculated on the basis of remuneration for the financial year 2020-21 and include sitting fees paid to Directors

during the financial year.

2.

The remuneration to Directors is within the overall limits approved by the shareholders of the Company.

3.

$ Percentage increase/decrease in remuneration is not reported as Mr. Amit Syngle was appointed as: Managing

letter of even date which is

annexed as Annexure and forms an integral part of this report.

Annexure to the Secretarial Audit Report

To:

The Members,

Asian Paints Limited,

6A, Shantinagar,

Santacruz (East),

Mumbai - 400 055

My report of even date is to be read along with this: letter:

1.

Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility

of the management of the Company. My responsibility

is to express an opinion on these secretarial records

based on my audit.

2.

I have followed the audit practices and processes as were

appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the secretarial records.

The verification was done on test-check basis to ensure

that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records.

I believe that the process and practices, I followed

provide a reasonable basis for my opinion.

3.

I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of

financial records and books of accounts of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, I have obtained Management

Representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events, etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of corporate and

other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is

the responsibility of management. My examination

was limited to the verification of procedures on

test-check basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as

to future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy

or effectiveness with which the management has

conducted the affairs of the Company.

Dr. K. R. Chandratre

FCS No.: 1370, C. P. No.: 5144

UDIN: F001370C000284246

Place: Pune

Date: 12th May, 2021

Peer Review Certificate No. : 463/2016

Annexure (B-1) to Board’s Report (Contd.)

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited

Managing Director &

CEO

4

4

* Appointed as Member of the Committee w.e.f. 7th September, 2020.

3.

Provide the web-link where Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by the board are

disclosed on the website of the Company - https://www.asianpaints.com/about-us.html

4.

Provide the details of Impact assessment of CSR projects carried out in pursuance of Rule 8(3) of the Companies

(Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, if applicable (attach the report) - Not Applicable

5.

Details of the amount available for set off in pursuance of Rule 7(3) of the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility

Policy) Rules, 2014 and amount required for set off for the financial year, if any - Not Applicable

6.

Average Net Profit of the Company as per Section 135(5) of the Companies Act, 2013 - ` 3,147.70 Crores

7.

Sr.

No.

Particulars

Amount

(in ` crores)

(a)

Two percent of average net profit of the company as per Section 135(5) of the Companies Act, 2013 -

62.95

(b)

Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years -

-

(c)

Amount required to be set off for the financial year, if any -

-

(d)

Total CSR obligation for the financial year (7a+7b-7c) -

62.95

8.

(a)

CSR amount spent or unspent for the financial year:

Total amount

spent for the

Financial Year

(in ` crores)

Amount Unspent

Total amount transferred to Unspent

CSR Account as per Section 135(6) of the

Companies Act, 2013

Amount transferred to any fund specified under Schedule VII as per second

proviso to Section 135(5) of the Companies Act, 2013

Amount

(in ` crores)

Date of transfer

Name of the Fund

Amount

(in ` crores)

Date of transfer

48.20

14.78

30th April, 2021

-

-

-

Annexure (C) to Board’s Report (Contd.)

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

(DIN: 07232566)

Place: Mumbai

Date: 12th May, 2021

Annexure (C) to Board’s Report (Contd.)

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

letter of appointment/

re-appointment containing the terms and conditions, issued

to the Independent Directors, is posted on the Company’s

website at the following link:

https://www.asianpaints.com/about-us.html

Based on intimations/disclosures received from the Directors

periodically, none of the Directors of the Company hold

Memberships/Chairmanships more than the prescribed limits.

Directorship and Membership of Committees and Shareholding of Directors

The details of Directorships, relationship, inter-se, shareholding in the Company, number of Directorships and Committee

Chairmanships/Memberships held by the Directors of the Company in other public companies as on 31st March, 2021 are as under:

Name of

Director(s)

Nature of

Directorship

Relationship with

each other

Directorship held in other Listed entities

along with Category

Directorship

in other

Companies*

Membership and Chairmanship

of the Committees of the

Board of other Companies**

No. of shares held

in the Company

along with % to

the paid up share

capital of the

Company*** #

Chairman

Member

Ashwin Dani

Non-Executive

Chairman/Promoter

Father of Malav

Dani

Non-Executive - Non-Independent Director of

Hitech Corporation Limited

2

1

2

11,24,870

(0.12%)

Manish Choksi

Non-Executive Vice

Chairman/Promoter

Cousin of Jigish

Choksi

-

3

0

2

23,81,040

(0.25%)

Abhay Vakil

Non-Executive

Director/Promoter

Uncle of Amrita

Vakil

-

3

1

1

2,32,88,200

(2.43%)

Amit Syngle: Managing

Managing Director of Nestle India Limited

1

0

0

Nil

Pallavi Shroff

Non-Executive

Director/

Independent

$

Independent Director of Apollo Tyres

Limited, Trident Limited, InterGlobe Aviation

Limited and PVR Limited

5

0

3

Nil

Notes:

*

Excludes directorship in Asian Paints Limited. Also excludes directorship in private companies, foreign companies, companies incorporated under

Section 8 of the Act and alternate directorships.

**

For the purpose of considering the limit of Committee membership and chairmanship of a Director, membership and chairmanship of Audit

Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee of public companies have been considered. Also excludes the membership & chairmanship

in Asian Paints Limited.

***

As per the declarations made to the Company by the Directors as to the shares held in their own name or held jointly as the first holder or held on

beneficial basis as the first holder.

#

The Company has not issued any convertible instruments, hence no such instruments are being held by Non-Executive Directors.

$

No inter-se relationship exists between these Directors of the Company.

FAMILIARIZATION PROGRAMME

The Board familiarization program consists of detailed

induction for all new Independent Directors when they join

the Board of Directors of the Company and ongoing sessions

on business strategy, operational and functional matters.

The exhaustive induction for Independent Directors enables

them to be familiarized with the Company, its history, values

and purpose. The: Managing

Managing Director & CEO on succession planning exercise.

The succession plan was closely aligned with the strategy and

long term needs of the Company.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director against the

Key Performance Indicators set at the beginning of the

financial year.

3.

Remuneration of Directors, Senior Management and

other employees:

i.

Compensation

to

Managing

Director

or

Executive Director: The Committee shall approve

compensation package of the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO, for the financial year 2020-21, excludes ` 2.47 crores (Rupees two crores and

forty seven lakhs) worth of Stock Options which would be granted in accordance with the 2021 ESOP Plan, subject to approval of the shareholders

of the Company. The stock options would vest after fulfillment of vesting conditions in accordance with the 2021 Plan.

$

Services of the: Managing Director may be terminated by either party, giving the other party six months’ notice or the Company paying six months’

basic salary in lieu thereof. There is no separate provision for payment of severance pay.

PERFORMANCE EVALUATION

In terms of the requirement of the Act and the Listing

Regulations, an annual performance evaluation of the Board

is undertaken where the Board formally assesses its own

performance with the aim to improve the effectiveness of

the Board and the Committees.

The Company has a structured assessment process for

evaluation of performance of the Board, Committees of

the Board and individual performance of each Director

including the

Managing Director & CEO

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee evaluates

the performance of the: Managing Director & CEO by

setting his Key Performance Objectives at the beginning

of each financial year. The Committee ensures that his Key

Performance Objectives are aligned with the immediate

and long-term goals of the Company. The performance of

Managing Director vis-à-vis the Performance Objectives/

Parameters set at the beginning of the financial year are also

reviewed by the Committee during the year.

Committees of the Board

The performance evaluation of Committee(s) included

aspects like degree of fulfillment of key responsibilities

as outlined by the Charter of the committee, adequacy of

Committee composition, effectiveness of discussions at

the Committee meetings, quality of deliberations at the

meetings and information provided to the Committee(s).

STAKEHOLDERS RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE

The

composition

of

the

Stakeholders

Relationship

Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company along

with the details of the meetings held and attended by

the members of the Committee during the financial year

2020-21 is detailed below:

Name of

Director(s)

Nature of

membership

Meeting date(s)

5th June,

2020

21st October,

2020

29th March,

2021

R. Seshasayee

Managing Director & CEO,

with an objective to focus and report to the Board on areas of

strategic focus and significance for the Company.

Report on Corporate Governance (Contd.)

The details of the meetings held and attended by the members of the Committee during the financial year 2020-21

is detailed below:

Name of Director(s)

Nature of

membership

Meeting date(s)

19th October, 2020

22nd February, 2021

R. Seshasayee

Chairman

Deepak Satwalekar

Member

Suresh Narayanan

Member

Manish Choksi

Member

Abhay Vakil

Member

Malav Dani

Member

Amit Syngle

Member

Present through video-conference

Mr. R. J. Jeyamurugan acts as a permanent invitee and Secretary to the Committee.

The terms of reference of the Investment Committee,

inter alia, includes to review and evaluate proposals for

investment (including acquisitions), divestments, strategic

alliances/technological tie ups, capital expenditure that may

be proposed by the Management based on strategic plans

of the Company or its subsidiaries and make appropriate

recommendations to the Board of Directors of the Company.

It is also responsible to review the post transaction

completion and integration processes, and review if the

status is in line with the plans for acquisitions/strategical

alliances/technological tie ups.

MANAGEMENT

The Management structure of the Company comprises of the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO, the CFO & Company

Secretary and the Vice President – Human Resources for

receiving and investigating all complaints and Protected

Disclosures under this policy. Employees of the Company

or business associates can make Protected Disclosures

to the Ethics Committee through the Asian Paints Ethics

Hotline (toll free number/web reporting facility) and/

or any other written or oral means of communication.

The Employees/Directors and Business Associates may,

in exceptional cases, approach directly the Chairperson

of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the

Company for registering complaints.

Any incidents that are reported are investigated

and suitable action is taken in line with the

Whistle Blower Policy.

No personnel were denied access to the Audit

Committee of the Company with regards to the above.

4.

In accordance with the provisions of Regulation 26(6) of

the Listing Regulations, the Key Managerial Personnel,

Director(s), Promoter(s) and Employees including Senior

Management Personnel of the Company have affirmed

that they have not entered into any agreement for

themselves or on behalf of any other person, with

any shareholder or any other third party with regard

to compensation or profit sharing in connection with

dealings in the securities of the Company.

5.

The Company has complied with all the requirements

of the Stock Exchange(s) and SEBI on matters relating

to Capital Markets. There were no penalties imposed or

strictures passed against the Company by SEBI, stock

exchange(s) on which the shares of the Company are

listed or any statutory authority in this regard, during

the last 3 (three) years.

6.

Details of compliance with mandatory requirements

and adoption of the non-mandatory requirements:

The Company has complied with all the mandatory

requirements of the Listing Regulations relating to

Corporate Governance.

Non-Mandatory Requirements

i.

The Non-Executive Chairman of the Company has

been provided with a Chairman’s Office at the

Registered Office of the Company.

ii.

The Chairman of the Board is a Non-Executive

Director and his position is separate from that of

the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO of

the Company is annexed to this report as Annexure [B].

The Code of Conduct for employees and the Board and

Senior Management has clear policy and guidelines for

avoiding and disclosing actual or potential conflict of

interest with the Company, if any.

16. Code of Conduct to Regulate, Monitor and Report

Trading by Designated Persons:

The Company has adopted a Code of Conduct to

Regulate, Monitor and Report trading by Designated

Persons (Prevention of Insider Trading Code) under

SEBI Insider Trading Regulations. In accordance with

the SEBI Insider Trading Regulations, the Company has

established systems and procedures to prohibit insider

trading activity.

The Prevention of Insider Trading Code is suitably

amended, from time to time to incorporate the

amendments carried out by SEBI to SEBI Insider

Trading Regulations.

The declarations and disclosures to be received from

the Designated Persons (except Directors, Promoter(s)

and Promoter(s) group) are automated. The Company

has a portal under which disclosure/declarations/

undertakings are given by Designated Persons as

required under the Prevention of Insider Trading Code.

The digital database as required under SEBI Insider

Trading Regulations is also maintained on the said portal.

The

Compliance

Officer

and

the

management

conducted several trainings and workshops with the

Designated Person(s) to create awareness on various

aspects of the Prevention of Insider Trading Code and

the SEBI Insider Trading Regulations and to ensure

that the internal controls are adequate and effective

to ensure compliance. A digital campaign was also

conducted during the year which aimed at sensitizing

the Designated Persons on the various aspects of the

Prevention of Insider Trading Code through relatable,

conversational and pictorial graphics & videos.

These initiatives have created substantial awareness

amongst the Designated Persons.

The Audit Committee reviews cases of non-compliances,

if any, and makes necessary recommendations to the

Board w.r.t. action taken against such defaulters. The

said non-compliances are promptly intimated to Stock

Exchanges in the prescribed format and penalty, if any is

being directly deposited by the Designated Person with

SEBI’s Investor Protection and Education Fund.

The Board have also formulated a Policy for

determination of ‘legitimate purposes’ as a part of

the Code of Fair Disclosure and Conduct as per the

requirements of the SEBI Insider Trading Regulations.

The Prevention of Insider Trading Code and Code of

Fair Disclosure and Conduct have been uploaded on

website of the Company and can be accessed through

the following link:

https://www.asianpaints.com/more/investors/

policies-programs.html.

17. None of the Independent Directors of the Company

have resigned before the expiry of their tenure. Thus,

disclosure of detailed reasons for their resignation

along with their confirmation that there are no

material reasons, other than those provided by them is

not applicable.

MEANS OF COMMUNICATION

The Company promptly discloses information on material

corporate developments and other events as required under

the Listing Regulations. Such timely disclosures indicate the

good corporate governance practices of the Company. For this

purposes, it provides multiple channels of communications

through dissemination of information on the online portal of

the Stock Exchanges, Press Releases, the Annual Reports and

by placing relevant information on its website.

a)

Publication of financial results:

Quarterly, half-yearly and annual financial results of

the Company are published in leading English and

Marathi language newspaper, viz., all India editions of

Economic Times, Mumbai editions of Free Press Journal

and Navshakti newspapers and Maharashtra edition of

Maharashtra Times.

b)

Website and News Releases:

In compliance with Regulation 46 of the Listing

Regulations, a separate dedicated section under

‘Investors’ on the Company’s website gives information

on various announcements made by the Company,

status of unclaimed dividend, Annual Report, Quarterly/

Half yearly/Nine-months and Annual financial results

along with the applicable policies of the Company. The

Company’s official news releases and presentations

made to the institutional investors and analysts

are also available on the Company’s website at

www.asianpaints.com. Quarterly Compliance Reports

and other relevant information of interest to the

Investors are also placed under the Investors Section on

the Company’s website.

Report on Corporate Governance (Contd.)

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Date : 12th May, 2021

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER (CEO) & CHIEF

FINANCIAL OFFICER (CFO) CERTIFICATION

The Board of Directors

Asian Paints Limited

We hereby certify that on the basis of the review of the

financial statements and the cash flow statement for the

financial year ended 31st March, 2021 and that to the best of

our knowledge and belief:

1.

these statements do not contain any materially

untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain

statements that might be misleading; and

2.

these statements together present a true and fair

view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance

with existing accounting standards, applicable laws

and regulations.

We hereby certify that, to the best of our knowledge and

belief, no transactions entered into during the financial year

ended 31st March, 2021 are fraudulent, illegal or violative of

the Company’s Code of Conduct.

We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining

internal controls for financial reporting and have evaluated

the effectiveness of internal control systems pertaining to

financial reporting and have disclosed to the auditors and

the Audit Committee, deficiencies in the design or operation

of such internal controls, if any, of which we are aware

and the steps we have taken or propose to take to rectify

these deficiencies.

We have indicated to the Auditors and the Audit Committee:

1.

significant changes, in internal control over financial

year ended 31st March, 2021;

2.

significant changes, in accounting policies during the

financial year ended 31st March, 2021 and that the

same have been disclosed in the notes to the financial

statements; and

3.

instances of significant fraud of which we have

become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of

the management or an employee having a significant

role in the Company's internal control system over

financial reporting.

Amit Syngle

R J Jeyamurugan: Managing

letter reference no. AAD/

AVJ/3435/2020-21/01 dated July 02, 2020.

2.

We, Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP, Chartered Accountants,

the Statutory Auditors of Asian Paints Limited

(“the Company”), have examined the compliance of

conditions of Corporate Governance by the Company,

for the year ended on March 31, 2021, as stipulated in

regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of regulation

46(2) and para C and D of Schedule V of the SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015, as amended (the Listing Regulations).

Managements’ Responsibility

3.

The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance

is the responsibility of the Management. This

responsibility includes the design, implementation

and maintenance of internal control and procedures

to ensure the compliance with the conditions of the

Corporate Governance stipulated in Listing Regulations.

Auditor’s Responsibility

4.

Our responsibility is limited to examining the procedures

and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company

for ensuring compliance with the conditions of the

Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an

expression of opinion on the financial statements

of the Company.

5.

We have examined the books of account and other

relevant records and documents maintained by the

Company for the purposes of providing reasonable

assurance on the compliance with Corporate Governance

requirements by the Company.

6.

We have carried out an examination of the relevant

records of the Company in accordance with the Guidance

Note on Certification of Corporate Governance issued

by the Institute of the Chartered Accountants of India

(the ICAI), the Standards on Auditing specified under

Section 143(10) of the Companies Act 2013, in so far

as applicable for the purpose of this certificate and as

per the Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for

Special Purposes issued by the ICAI which requires that

we comply with the ethical requirements of the Code of

Ethics issued by the ICAI.

7.

We have complied with the relevant applicable

requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC)

1, Quality Control for Firms that Perform Audits and

Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and Other

Assurance and Related Services Engagements.

Opinion

8.

Based on our examination of the relevant records

and according to the information and explanations

provided to us and the representations provided by

the Management, we certify that the Company has

complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance

as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to

(i) of regulation 46(2) and para C and D of Schedule

V of the Listing Regulations during the year ended

March 31, 2021.

9.

We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as

to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency

or effectiveness with which the Management has

conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm’s Registration No: 117366W/W-100018

Abhijit A. Damle

Place: Mumbai

Partner

Date : 12th May, 2021

Membership No: 102912

UDIN : 21102912AAAADF3713

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

b.

Details of the BR head:

• Name

: R J Jeyamurugan

• Designation

: CFO & Company Secretary

• Tel. No.

: +91 22 6218 1000

• E-mail Id

: investor.relations@asianpaints.com

2.

Principle-wise [as per National Voluntary

Guidelines (NVGs)] BR Policy/Policies (Reply in

Y/N)

P1

Business should conduct and govern themselves with Ethics,

Transparency and Accountability

P2

Businesses should provide goods and services that are

safe and contribute to sustainability throughout their

life cycle

P3

Businesses should promote the well-being of all

employees

P4

Businesses should respect the interests of, and be

responsive towards all stakeholders, especially those

who are disadvantaged, vulnerable and marginalized

P5

Businesses should respect and promote human rights

P6

Businesses should respect, protect, and make efforts to

restore the environment

P7

Businesses when engaged in influencing public and

regulatory policy, should do so in a responsible manner

P8

Businesses should support inclusive growth and

equitable development

P9

Businesses should engage with and provide value to

their customers and consumers in a responsible manner

Sr.

No.

Question(s)

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

1.

Do you have a policy/policies

for....

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

N

Y

Y

2.

Has the policy being formulated

in consultation with the relevant

stakeholders? Refer Note 1

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

NA

Y

Y

3.

Does the policy conform to any

national/international standards?

Refer Note 2

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

NA

Y

N

4.

Has the policy been approved

by the Board? If yes, has it been

signed by MD/owner/CEO/

appropriate Board Director?

Refer Note 3

Y

(It is signed

by the Vice

President

- Human

Resources

Function)

Y

(It is

signed

by the

Managing

Director

& CEO)

Y

(It is signed

by the Vice

President

- Human

Resources

Function)

Y

(It is

signed

by the

Managing

Director

& CEO)

Y

(It is signed

by the Vice

President

- Human

Resources

Function)

Y

(It is

signed by

the

Managing

Director

& CEO)

NA

Y

(It is

signed

by the

Managing

Director

& CEO)

Y

(It is

signed by

the

Managing

Director

& CEO)

5.

Does the Company has a

specified committee of the

Board of Directors/Official to

oversee the implementation of

the policy?

Refer Note 4

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

NA

Y

Y

6.

Has the policy been formally

communicated to all relevant

internal and external

stakeholders?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

NA

Y

Y

7.

Does the Company

have in-house structure to

implement the policy/policies

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

NA

Y

Y

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director &

CEO, Compliance Officer and Head of the Human Resources

function has been constituted for the purpose of receiving

and investigating complaints from any employee/business

associates. There is an “Asian Paints – Ethics Hotline” which

is a tool to enable employees to report any instances of

fraud, abuse, misconduct or malpractices at the workplace.

This hotline is available for the Company as well as for

all its subsidiaries including international subsidiaries in

local languages.

The Company strives to ensure highest levels of adherence

to principles of transparency and accountability through

its policies like Code of Conduct for Board Members and

Senior Management Personnel, Code of Conduct for

Employees, Code of Practices and Procedures for Fair

Disclosure of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information etc.

The Company’s practice of making timely, accurate, complete

disclosure of relevant information has earned stakeholders’

trust and respect.

The Company has leveraged technology to ensure that the

process to adhere to the Code of Practices and Procedures

for Fair Disclosure of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information

by the designated persons for making disclosures, seeking

pre-clearances etc., is robust and user friendly. The Asian

Paints Insider Trading Management System not only acts as

a repository of relevant information but also provides an

electronic platform for submission of statutory declarations

by the designated persons, seeking trading approvals and

sending out timely compliance reminders. Certain employees

at a senior level in the Subsidiaries and Joint Venture

Companies who may have access to unpublished price

sensitive information are also covered as Designated Persons

as per the Code of Conduct to Regulate, Monitor and Report

Trading by Insiders.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN:07232566

Abhijit A. damle

Partner

Membership No: 102912

m.K. Sharma

Chairman of Audit Committee

DIN:00327684

R.J. Jeyamurugan

CFO & Company Secretary

Mumbai

12th May, 2021

Mumbai

12th May, 2021

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN:07232566

Abhijit A. damle

Partner

Membership No: 102912

m.K. Sharma

Chairman of Audit Committee

DIN:00327684

R.J. Jeyamurugan

CFO & Company Secretary

Mumbai

12th May, 2021

Mumbai

12th May, 2021

(` in Crores)

particulars

notes

Year

2020-21

Year

2019-20

ReVenue fRom opeRAtionS

Revenue from Sale of Products

22A

18,252.46

17,025.26

Revenue from Sale of Services

22A

27.60

0.35

Other Operating Revenue

22A

236.80

168.48

Other Income

23

366.32

357.54

total income (i)

18,883.18

17,551.63

eXpenSeS

Cost of Materials Consumed

24A

8,524.17

8,432.51

Purchases of Stock-in-Trade

24B

1,649.06

1,283.88

Changes in inventories of finished goods, Stock-in-trade and work-in-progress

24C

(90.70)

(210.21)

Employee Benefits Expense

25

1,128.66

985.43

Other Expenses

26

2,812.48

2,845.44

total (ii)

14,023.67

13,337.05

eARninG BefoRe inteReSt, tAX, depReciAtion And AmoRtiSAtion (eBitdA) (i-ii)

4,859.51

4,214.58

Finance Costs

27

71.66

78.38

Depreciation and Amortisation Expense

28

697.47

689.97

pRofit BefoRe eXceptionAl itemS And tAX

4,090.38

3,446.23

Exceptional Items

43

-

33.20

pRofit BefoRe tAX

4,090.38

3,413.03

Tax Expense

18

(1) Current Tax

1,052.72

871.15

(2) Short tax provision for earlier years

6.46

5.66

(3) Deferred Tax

(21.31)

(117.73)

total tax expense

1,037.87

759.08

pRofit AfteR tAX

3,052.51

2,653.95

otheR compRehenSiVe income (oci)

A Items that will not be reclassified to Profit or Loss

(a) (i) Remeasurement of the defined benefit plans

(5.32)

(10.83)

(ii) Income tax benefit on remeasurement benefit of defined benefit plans

1.34

1.01

(b) (i) Net fair value gain on investments in equity instruments through OCI

57.26

66.44

(ii) Income tax expense on net fair value gain on investments in equity instruments

through OCI

(4.88)

(8.71)

B Items that will be reclassified to Profit or Loss

(i) Net fair value gain on investments in debt instruments through OCI

2.41

2.81

(ii) Income tax expense on net fair value gain on investments in debt instruments

through OCI

(0.28)

(0.32)

total other comprehensive income (A+B)

50.53

50.40

totAl compRehenSiVe income foR the YeAR

3,103.04

2,704.35

Earnings per equity share (Face value of ` 1 each)

40

(1) Basic (in `)

31.82

27.67

(2) Diluted (in `)

31.82

27.67

Significant accounting policies and key accounting estimates and judgements

1

See accompanying notes to the financial Statements

2-46

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN:07232566

Abhijit A. damle

Partner

Membership No: 102912

m.K. Sharma

Chairman of Audit Committee

DIN:00327684

R.J. Jeyamurugan

CFO & Company Secretary

Mumbai

12th May, 2021

Mumbai

12th May, 2021

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN:07232566

Abhijit A. damle

Partner

Membership No: 102912

m.K. Sharma

Chairman of Audit Committee

DIN:00327684

R.J. Jeyamurugan

CFO & Company Secretary

Mumbai

12th May, 2021

Mumbai

12th May, 2021

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director (as at

31st March, 2020 ₹ 6.79 crores)]

Payable towards other expenses

-

-

568.47

621.15

[including ₹ 4.70 crores due to Non-Executive Directors

(as at 31st March, 2020 ₹ 3.53 crores)]

Forward exchange contract (Net)

-

-

-

0.15

1.09

0.46

1,254.95

1,090.52

total

1.09

0.46

1,284.48

1,118.89

# investor education and protection fund (‘iepf’) - As at 31st March, 2021, there is no amount due and outstanding to be transferred to the IEPF by the

Company. Unclaimed Dividend, if any, shall be transferred to IEPF as and when they become due.

Notes to the Financial Statements (Contd.)

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO (w.e.f 1st April, 2020)

Shri R J Jeyamurugan

CFO & Company Secretary (w.e.f 27th November, 2019)

Shri K. B. S. Anand: Managing

letter of comfort to banks on behalf of one of its operating subsidiary and the financial support based on such letters is limited to NIL (Previous year - ` 6.50

crores) as on 31st March 2021.

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN:07232566

Abhijit A. damle

Partner

Membership No: 102912

m.K. sharma

Chairman of Audit Committee

DIN:00327684

R.J. Jeyamurugan

CFO & Company Secretary

Mumbai

12th May, 2021

Mumbai

12th May, 2021

(` in Crores)

notes

As at 31.03.2021

As at 31.03.2020

Current liabilities

Financial Liabilities

Borrowings

15

325.70

321.48

Lease Liabilities

16

183.18

173.87

Trade Payables

Total Outstanding dues of Micro Enterprises and Small Enterprises

20

91.53

60.72

Total Outstanding dues of creditors other than Micro Enterprises and Small Enterprises

20

3,287.19

2,075.85

Other Financial Liabilities

17

1,603.02

1,374.34

Other Current liabilities

19

229.58

131.61

Provisions

18

84.43

62.46

Current Tax Liabilities (Net)

22

121.23

180.05

5,925.86

4,380.38

total equity and liabilities

20,369.62

16,154.77

Significant accounting policies and Key accounting estimates and judgements

1

see accompanying notes to the Consolidated financial statements

2-45

Consolidated Balance Sheet (Contd.)

as at 31st March, 2021

This space has been intentionally left blank

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN:07232566

Abhijit A. damle

Partner

Membership No: 102912

m.K. sharma

Chairman of Audit Committee

DIN:00327684

R.J. Jeyamurugan

CFO & Company Secretary

Mumbai

12th May, 2021

Mumbai

12th May, 2021

(` in Crores)

particulars

notes

Year

2020-21

Year

2019-20

pRofit foR the YeAR AttRiButABle to:

- Owners of the Company

3,139.29

2,705.17

- Non-controlling interest

67.46

69.02

3,206.75

2,774.19

otheR CompRehensiVe inCome foR the YeAR AttRiButABle to:

- Owners of the Company

4.13

50.44

- Non-controlling interest

(9.81)

7.87

(5.68)

58.31

totAl CompRehensiVe inCome foR the YeAR AttRiButABle to:

- Owners of the Company

3,143.42

2,755.61

- Non-controlling interest

57.65

76.89

3,201.07

2,832.50

earnings per equity share (face value of ` 1 each)

41

(1) Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share from continuing operations (EPS) (`)

32.73

28.25

(2) Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share from discontinued operations (EPS) (`)

-

(0.05)

(3) Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share from continuing and discontinued operations (EPS) (`)

32.73

28.20

Significant accounting policies and key accounting estimates and judgements

1

see accompanying notes to the Consolidated financial statements

2-45

Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss (Contd.)

for the year ended 31st March, 2021

This space has been intentionally left blank

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN:07232566

Abhijit A. damle

Partner

Membership No: 102912

m.K. sharma

Chairman of Audit Committee

DIN:00327684

R.J. Jeyamurugan

CFO & Company Secretary

Mumbai

12th May, 2021

Mumbai

12th May, 2021

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN:07232566

Abhijit A. damle

Partner

Membership No: 102912

m.K. sharma

Chairman of Audit Committee

DIN:00327684

R.J. Jeyamurugan

CFO & Company Secretary

Mumbai

12th May, 2021

Mumbai

12th May, 2021

(` in Crores)

particulars

Year

2020-21

Year

2019-20

(C)

CAsh flow fRom finAnCinG ACtiVities

Proceeds from non-current borrowings

2.14

17.91

Repayment of non-current borrowings

(14.21)

(10.49)

Proceeds from/(Repayment of) current borrowings (Net)

37.78

(268.79)

Acceptances (Net)

115.50

(203.13)

Repayment of lease liabilities

(202.95)

(179.07)

Transactions with Non Controlling Interest

-

(6.29)

Finance costs paid

(89.31)

(100.89)

Dividend and Dividend tax paid (including dividend paid to non-controlling shareholders)

(499.35)

(2,120.71)

net Cash (used in) financing activities

(650.40)

(2,871.46)

(d)

NET INCREASE/(DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIvALENTS [A+B+C]

2,485.16

(354.73)

Cash and cash equivalents as at 1st April

928.75

1,279.97

Net effect of exchange gain on cash and cash equivalents

7.25

3.51

Cash and cash equivalents as at 31st march

3,421.16

928.75

notes :

(a)

The above Cash Flow Statement has been prepared under the “Indirect Method” as set out in the Indian Accounting Standard (Ind AS

7) - Statement of Cash Flows

(b)

In the presentation of the Cash Flow Statement for the year ended 31st March, 2020, in cash flows from financing activities, net cash

outflows relating to acceptances of ` 203.13 crores were incorrectly reported as net cash inflows with a consequential impact on

decrease in trade and other payables in the cash flows from operating activities. The Cash Flow Statement for the corresponding period

(i.e. year ended 31st March, 2020) has been corrected in the Consolidated Financial Statements for the current year to reflect this. There

is no impact on any other line item in the Consolidated Financial Statements.

(` in Crores)

particulars

As at

31.03.2021

As at

31.03.2020

(c)

Cash and Cash equivalent comprises of :

Cash on hand

0.74

1.32

Balances with Banks:

-

Current Accounts

269.35

320.04

-

Cash Credit Accounts

29.43

217.66

-

Deposits with Bank with maturity less than 3 months

26.06

24.32

Cheques, drafts on hand

20.81

0.49

Cash and cash equivalents [Refer note 8(A)]

346.39

563.83

Investment in Government Securities [Refer note 4 (II) (A)]

41.17

53.98

Investment in Liquid mutual funds [Refer note 4 (II) D (ii)]

3,067.00

383.12

Less: Loan repayable on demand - Cash Credit/Overdraft Accounts [Refer note 15]

(33.40)

(72.18)

Cash and cash equivalents in Cash flow statement

3,421.16

928.75

Significant accounting policies and key accounting estimates and judgements (Refer note 1)

see accompanying notes to the Consolidated financial statements (Refer note 2-45)

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director (as at

31st March 2020 ` 6.79 crores)]

1.07

0.15

244.91

178.76

Payable towards other expenses

[including ` 4.70 crores due to Non-Executive Directors

(as at 31st March 2020 ` 3.53 crores)]

0.04

1.00

757.18

793.24

Forward exchange contract(net)

-

-

-

0.15

Others

-

-

-

18.24

3.38

2.94

1,568.00

1,337.29

total

3.38

2.94

1,603.02

1,374.34

# As at 31st March, 2021, ₹ 21.64 crores (31st March, 2020 : ` 22.47 crores) is the amount of unclaimed dividend which remains unpaid by the Parent

company, and shall be transferred to Investor Education and Protection Fund (‘IEPF’) as and when they become due. There is no amount due and

outstanding to be transferred to the IEPF by the Parent Company.

note 18: pRoVisions

(` in Crores)

non-Current

Current

As at

31.03.2021

As at

31.03.2020

As at

31.03.2021

As at

31.03.2020

(a)

Provision for Employee Benefits (Refer note 33)

Provision for Compensated absences

175.20

144.21

25.11

22.20

Provision for Gratuity

1.69

1.52

24.24

12.64

Provision for Pension, Leaving Indemnity, Medical Plan

and Others (unfunded)

32.33

31.34

1.72

0.36

Provision for Post retirement medical and other benefits

5.99

3.59

1.65

1.18

Others

-

0.09

-

-

215.21

180.75

52.72

36.38

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Contd.)

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

Managing Director & CEO (w.e.f 1st April, 2020)

Shri R J Jeyamurugan

CFO & Company Secretary (w.e.f 27th November, 2019)

Shri K. B. S. Anand: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

DIN:07232566

m.K. sharma

Chairman of Audit Committee

DIN:00327684

R.J. Jeyamurugan

CFO & Company Secretary

Mumbai

12th May, 2021

Compiled by: Dion Global Solutions Limited:

