Managing Director’s Desk: Message from MD & CEO of DCBL

About the Report

Built on Strong Governance

Our Board of

Managing Director(s),

Dalmia Bharat Limited:

MESSAGE FROM MD & CEO OF DCBL

We started a new decade with an objective to build a

better, productive and sustainable future for all. This would

require acceleration and mainstreaming of frugal approach

of production and consumption into every aspect of our

economy. As you may be aware, the Sixth Assessment report

of the IPCC Working Group I is released and, it once again

established that anthropogenic emissions have taken us to

a decisive moment where we need to make only one growth

story of our time, which is - decoupling of GHG emissions

from growth and repurposing Nature Based Solutions (NBS)

as the green engine of the economy.

It gives me immense pleasure to inform you that sustainable

efforts of Dalmia Bharat have been recognised globally

on account of our catalyst role in the net zero transition of

heavy-industry sector since 2018. Being the first company

to announce a 2040 carbon negative roadmap, we catalysed

the commitments and ambitions in the sector. As a result,

Hard-to-Abate sector is getting recognised as Possible-

to-Abate sector. We would further continue this journey as

COP-26 Business Leader (UN COP-26 Presidency), Carbon

Pricing Champion (World Bank Group), first triple joiner

globally of RE 100, EP 100 and EV 100 with one of the most

stringent Science Based Targets (SBTs) in the sector. Our

public, private and philanthropic collaborations help us learn

and share ideas as well as the best practices to drive the

sector towards a better future.

I want to assure you that Dalmia Bharat will keep challenging

itself to improve its past performance on sustainability,

profitability and growth to create long-term value for our

stakeholders. Following a philosophy of ‘Clean & Green

is Profitable and Sustainable’, we have delivered on our

Environmental and Economic goals. We believe that

eventually, we will have to convert, as a sector, from grey to

green to become a future-fit industry.

ECONOMIC AND SUSTAINABLE VALUE CREATION

We performed better than the Indian cement industry during

the reporting period. We successfully brought down both our

variable and fixed costs while increasing our trade volumes

and trade percentages. Our company’s fiscal discipline is

reflected in the repayment of the gross debt of `2,224 Cr. in

the reporting year. Our Net Debt/EBITDA has come down

from 1.34 in FY20 to 0.04 in FY21, in line with our stated aim.

We continue to impact the environment positively. We

measure and monitor consumption and recycle and reuse

water in our facilities. Our operations are more than 12 times

water positive today. We are committed to becoming 20 times

water positive by 2025.

We have created a roadmap to bring down our carbon

footprint. The increased use of alternative fuels and materials

in the reporting year helped us optimise our clinker factor

and carbon mitigation interventions. The carbon footprint of

Dalmia Bharat at 492 kg CO2/ tonne of cement (specific net

CO2) stands one of the lowest group average in the global

cement sector.

We have installed 9.90 MW of solar and 21.70 MW of Waste

Heat Recovery based power generation systems. We plan

to significantly increase solar and Waste Heat Recovery

power generation to run our operations with more fossil-free

electricity by the end of FY23. We have introduced hydro

energy to diversify our mix further. We are proud to stand

front and centre as industry leaders of the green movement

and propose to use 100% renewable energy by FY30.

Occupational health and safety have always been a key

imperative for the group. We believe our talent pool is our

biggest asset. Happy, healthy, and engaged talents are

crucial to our growth and sustainable future. We continuously

improve our health and safety practices to ensure zero

harm. We assess and align all our suppliers on globally

benchmarked Environmental and Social standards.

Our values have always called upon us to support our people

and extend empathy to all our stakeholders. Together, we

have responded to the challenges of the COVID-19 crisis

through care, staying safe and catering to the needs of our

customers, partners, suppliers, and communities.

Dalmia Bharat has aligned its sustainability strategy to

the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and

supports the ten principles of the UN Global Compact. As a

responsible company, we help communities build and protect

a sustainable environment by managing their resources

and giving back to society. The Dalmia Bharat Foundation

delivers our community social responsibilities (CSR) and

helps meet our commitments to the UN SDGs. The three

themes which define our CSR focus areas are Livelihoods,

Climate Action and Water & Energy and Social Infrastructure.

More information regarding the same can be found in the

Social and Relationship Capital of this report.

I would like to thank the Dalmia Bharat team and all our

stakeholders for their determination and perseverance to

stay the course through turbulent times. It makes me proud

each day to be part of this team that is guided by the wisdom

to know what is right, integrity to take that right path and

unleash the potential of every life we touch and do so with

humility, trust and respect.

At Dalmia Bharat, we saw our resilience tested at different

junctures. As the world revives and rejuvenates, buoyed by

hope led by the vaccine, at Dalmia Bharat, we are proud that

as a team, we have emerged stronger and more resilient

through it all. My heartfelt thanks to our talents and their

families to stand by them as they worked hard, thought out

of the box, pivoted to new operating and business models

rapidly to deliver what can be counted as one of our strongest

financial and environmental performances.

As we continue to fight the challenges of COVID-19, we

stay committed to creating value for our stakeholders and

strengthen the relationship we share with Mother Nature.

This is the only way we can continue to deliver sustainable,

enduring performance and help our people and planet thrive

by ensuring a cadre of leaders and the skilled workforce for

inclusive and just transition to a sustainable future.

Mahendra Singhi: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Independent Director

Non-Executive Director

Chairman & Independent Director

Non-Executive Director: Managing

Letter of Understanding with IBM for SkillsBuild Platform to be delivered by partner, CSRBOX

•

Memorandum of Understanding signed with :

• National Backward Classes Finance & Development Corporation (NBCFDC) for the training of

youth from backward classes at DIKSHa

• NABFOUNDATION For Project NER ENTERPRENEURS’ WORLD (NEW)

Partnerships For Skill Development Projects

DBF has formed 963 Self-help groups (SHG) with 11,194

women. ‘100 Self Help Groups, 100 Micro Enterprises’,

an initiative to help women set up micro-enterprises, has

trained 846 members across 80 SHGs. Of this, 67 SHGs

have rolled out projects to generate an average annual

income of ₹ 40,000.

NABARD and DBF have skilled 190 women under Micro-

Enterprise Development Project. We have sponsored the

skilling of 50 women at Usha International’s Silai School

(Assam), some of who have been trained as Master Trainers.

They have now set up tailoring units and earn around ₹ 3,000

to 4,000 per month.

NABARD- National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development

NBCFDC- National Backward Classes Finance and Development Corporation

NSFDC- National Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribes Finance and Development Corporation

Women in SHG were trained on the following topics

Mushroom

Cultivation

Mat

Weaving

Dairy

Farming

Palm Leaf

Product Making

Moonj

Craft

Tailoring

Poultry

Farming

Processing of

Moringa Leaves

Goat-

Rearing

CSR progress FY’ 21 and Vision 2030

FY21 progress

Goal 2030

Livelihood

Empowering unemployed youth by

transforming them into a skilled workforce

Approximately 10,959 youth benefitted

1,00,000 villagers

Overall income enhancement through

livelihood creation

Approximately 19,891 villagers

benefitted

2,00,000 households

Climate Action (Water & Energy)

Water Harvesting and Conserving Water for

Productive Use

24.64 million m3

50 million m3

Facilitating access to clean lighting

solutions

27,000 clean lighting solutions across

161 villages

5,000 villages

Facilitating clean cooking solutions in rural

India

11,758 clean cooking solutions across

145 villages

Social Infrastructure

Addressing Basic Health, Sanitation,

Education and Infrastructure Needs

71,772 beneficiaries from 230 villages

5,000 villages

Livelihood

The DBF livelihoods project helps unemployed youth

acquire new skills or upgrade their existing skills in the

construction, farming, and non-farming sectors. We have

partnered with eminent organisations like the National

Skills Development Corporation, the Skill Development

Missions of Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka,

Odisha, West Bengal, NABARD , NBCFDC , NSFDC ,

BOSCH and Schneider Electric for our flagship project

DIKSHa (Dalmia Institute of Knowledge and Skills

Harnessing).

In FY21, DIKSHa enrolled 5,677 youth for the programme.

3,032 participants found employment at salaries ranging

from ₹ 8,000 to 10,000 per month. We have partnered with:

•

BOSCH to conduct the BRIDGE program for

unemployed youth at DIKSHa. In FY21, 40 youth

NABARD- National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development

NBCFDC- National Backward Classes Finance and Development Corporation

NSFDC- National Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribes Finance and Development Corporation

have been trained under this initiative.

•

Two Industrial Training Institutes in Dehri, Bihar and

Rajauri, Maharashtra which can skill up to 1,200 youth

•

NABFOUNDATION for Project NER ENTERPRENEURS’

WORLD that is developing a web portal to map skills

of unemployed youth in 8 North-Eastern states for

employment opportunities

•

APSSDC for setting up a Centre of Excellence for skills

relevant to the construction sector at the Rajiv Gandhi

University

of

Knowledge Technologies

(RGUKT),

Idupulapaya.

Additionally, we have leveraged the IBM SkillsBuild Platform

to build industry-relevant skill sets and enhance the

employability prospects of 5,282 trainees.

A third party for the DIKSHa project conducted an Outcome Assessment study. The study shows that prior to

attending DIKSHa training, only 3% of respondents were working and earning which has increased to 73% after

the course. A total of 47% increase is in the average monthly salary after completing DIKSHa training is also

recorded. The training helped in improving in lifestyle and social standing, as it was observed that 20% increase in

respondents who started living in pucca houses with good living conditions after the training.

Impact Assessment study

SOCIAL AND RELATIONSHIP CAPITAL:

Managing Director

Mr. Puneet Yadu Dalmia: Managing

Managing Director of the Company for his

remaining tenure of two years viz,.from October 30, 2021

to October 29, 2023, as per details mentioned below:

I.

Salary:

Basic Pay: ` 94,58,311/- p.m.

Special Pay: ` 42,23,861/- p.m.

(both components hereinafter referred to as ‘the

Salary’)

II.

Annual Increments:

The increments to the Salary shall fall due on 1st of

April of each year and shall be of such amount as may

be decided by the Board on the recommendation of the

Nomination and Remuneration Committee so however

that such amount shall not exceed 30% of the basic

and special pay.

III.

Perquisites:

In addition to the Salary, perquisites specified

hereunder shall be allowed:

(i)

Medical reimbursement:

Medical expenses for self and family at actuals

as per Rules of the Company.

(ii) Leave Travel Concession:

Leave travel expenses for self and family as per

the Rules of the Company.

(iii) Club

Fees/Professional

Body/Association

Membership Fees:

Fees of clubs, subject to a maximum of two

clubs, excluding admission and life membership

fees.

Fees in respect of a Professional Body/Association

of which the: Managing

Letter, etc. together with attested specimen

signature(s) of the authorised representative(s)

rvs.pcs@gmail.com and evoting@kfintech.com

on or before September 27, 2021.

9

Remote e-voting period

Commences at 9:30 AM on Saturday, September 25, 2021 and ends at

5:00 PM on Tuesday, September 28, 2021

10

Period for speaker registration and expressing views and

sending queries, if any

Commences at 9:00 AM on Saturday, September 25, 2021 and ends at

5:00 PM on Sunday, September 26, 2021

11

Last date for publishing results of the e-voting and results

availability

Friday, October 01, 2021 and the result will be available at below

website(s) besides at website(s) of Stock Exchanges

www.kfintech.com

www.dalmiabharat.com

II. Annual Increments:

The increments to the Salary shall fall due on 1st of April of each year and shall be of such amount as may be decided by

the Board on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee so however that such amount shall

not exceed 30% of the basic and special pay.

III. Perquisites:

In addition to the Salary, perquisites specified hereunder shall be allowed:

(i)

Medical reimbursement:

Medical expenses for self and family at actuals as per Rules of the Company.

(ii) Leave Travel Concession:

Leave travel expenses for self and family as per the Rules of the Company.

(iii) Club Fees/Professional Body/Association Membership Fees:

Fees of clubs, subject to a maximum of two clubs, excluding admission and life membership fees.

Fees in respect of a Professional Body/Association of which the: Managing

letter mentioning the name, folio number, bank details,

self- attested copy of the PAN Card and cancelled

cheque leaf.

Electronic Mode: by updating with the Depository

Participant.

NOTES:

1.

In view of outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic and

restrictions on the movements apart from social

distancing, MCA (Ministry of Corporate Affairs) vide

Circular Nos.14/2020, 17/2020, 20/2020 and 02/2021

dated April 8, 2020, April 13, 2020, May 5, 2020 and

January 13, 2021 respectively, (“MCA Circulars”) and

Securities and Exchange Board of India vide its Circular

No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2020/79 and SEBI/

HO/CFD/CMD2/CIR/P/2021/11 dated May 12, 2020

and January 15, 2021 respectively, (“SEBI Circular”),

permitted convening the Annual General Meeting

(“AGM” / “Meeting”) through Video Conferencing (“VC”)

or Other Audio Visual Means (“OAVM”), without the

physical presence of the members at a common venue.

2.

In accordance with the MCA and SEBI Circulars,

provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) and

the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 (“Listing Regulations”), the AGM of the Company

is being held through VC / OAVM. The deemed venue

for the AGM shall be the Registered Office of the

Company. The detailed procedure for participation in

the meeting through VC/OAVM is annexed hereto.

3.

In compliance with applicable provisions of the

Companies Act, 2013 read with aforesaid MCA

circulars, the AGM of the Company is being conducted

through VC, herein after called as “e-AGM”.

4.

The Company has appointed KFin Technologies Private

Limited, Registrars and Transfer Agents (“RTA”), to

provide VC facility for the e-AGM and the attendant

enablers for conducting the e-AGM.

5.

Pursuant to the MCA Circulars:

a. Members can attend the e-AGM through log in

credentials provided to them to connect to VC.

Physical attendance of the Members at the e-AGM

is not required.

b. Appointment of proxy (ies) to attend and cast vote

on behalf of the Member(s) is not available.

c. Body Corporates are entitled to appoint authorised

representatives to attend the e-AGM through VC/

OAVM and participate thereat and cast their votes

through e-voting.

6.

The Members can join the e-AGM 15 minutes before

the scheduled time of the commencement of the e-AGM

by following the procedure mentioned in the Notice.

7.

Up to 1000 Members will be able to join on a First In

First Out (“FIFO”) basis the e-AGM of the Company.

8.

There is no restriction on account of FIFO entry into

e-AGM for the large shareholders (i.e., shareholders

holding 2% or more shareholding), Promoters,

Institutional Investors, Directors, Key Managerial

Personnel, the Chairpersons of the Audit Committee,

Nomination

and

Remuneration

Committee

and

Stakeholders Relationship Committee and Auditors etc.

9.

The attendance of the Members attending the

e-AGM through log in will be counted for the purpose

of reckoning the quorum under Section 103 of the

Companies Act, 2013.

10. Remote e-Voting: Pursuant to the provisions of

Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule

20 of the Companies (Management and Administration)

Rules, 2014 (as amended), Regulation 44 of SEBI

(Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) and

the MCA Circulars, the Company is providing facility

of remote e-voting to its Members through e-Voting

agency namely “KFin Technologies Private Limited”.

11. Voting at the e-AGM: Members who could not vote

through remote e-voting may do the e-voting at the

e-AGM.

12.

In line with the MCA Circulars, the notice calling the

AGM has been uploaded on the website of the Company

at www.dalmiabharat.com. The Notice can also be

accessed from the websites of the Stock Exchanges,

i.e., BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India

Limited at www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com

respectively and is also available on the website of

e-voting agency at https://evoting.kfintech.com

Members who have still not registered their email

ID are requested to do so at the earliest. Members

holding shares in electronic mode can get their email

ID registered by contacting their respective Depository

Participant(s) (“DPs”). Members holding shares in

physical mode are requested to register their email ID

with the Company or RTA, for receiving the AGM Notice

and Annual Report. Requests can be emailed to corp.

sec@dalmiabharat.com or einward.ris@kfintech.com

or by logging into https://ris.kfintech.com/clientservices/

mobilereg/ mobileemailreg.aspx.

We urge Members to support this Green Initiative effort

of the Company and get their email ID registered.

13.

An Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of

the Companies Act, 2013 is enclosed.

14.

All documents referred to in the Notice and the

Explanatory Statement and the Register of Directors

and Key Managerial Personnel and their shareholding,

the Certificate from Auditors of the Company certifying

that the ESOP Schemes of the Company are being

implemented in accordance with the Securities and

Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee

Benefits) Regulations, 2014 and the Register of

Contracts or Arrangements in which the Directors are

interested, maintained under the Companies Act, 2013

shall be available for inspection electronically during

the e-AGM.

The aforesaid documents along with documents

referred to in the AGM Notice will also be available

electronically for inspection by the Members, without

payment of any fees, from the date of circulation of

this Notice up to the date of the AGM, i.e. Wednesday,

September 29, 2021. Members seeking inspection of

the aforementioned documents can send an email to

corp.sec@dalmiabharat.com.:

letter, etc. together with attested specimen

signature of the duly authorised signatory(ies)

who is/are authorised to vote, to the Scrutiniser

through email at and may also upload the

same in the e-voting module in their login. The

scanned image of the above documents should

be in the naming format ‘DBL _EVENT No’

XII. In case of any queries/grievances, you may

refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for

Members at https://evoting.kfintech.com/public/

Faq.aspx or call KFin on 1-800-309-4001 (toll

free).

(B) Members whose email IDs are not registered with

the

Company/Depository

Participants(s),

and

consequently the Annual Report, Notice of AGM and

e-voting instructions cannot be serviced, will have to

follow the following process:

I.

Members who have not registered their email

address and in consequence the Annual Report,

Notice of AGM and e-voting instructions cannot

be serviced, may temporarily get their email

address and mobile number provided with

KFintech, by accessing the link:

II.

https://ris.kfintech.com/clientservices/

mobilereg/mobileemailreg.aspx

Select

the

company name

III. Select the Holding type from the drop down i.e.

- NSDL / CDSL / Physical

IV. Enter DPID – Client ID (in case shares are held

in electronic form) / Physical Folio No. (in case

shares are held in physical form) and PAN.

V.

If PAN details are not available in the system,

the system will prompt to upload a self-attested

copy of the PAN card for updating records.

VI. In case shares are held in physical form and

PAN is not available in the records, please enter

any one of the Share Certificate No. in respect

of the shares held by you.

VII. Enter the email address and mobile number.

VIII. System will validate DP ID – Client ID/ Physical

Folio No. and PAN / Share certificate No., as the

case may be, and send the OTP at the registered

Mobile number as well as email address for

validation.

IX. Enter the OTPs received by SMS and

email to complete the validation process.

OTPs validity will be for 5 minutes only.

X. The Notice and e-voting instructions along with

the User ID and Password will be sent on the

email address updated by the member.

XI. Alternatively, members may send an email

request addressed to einward.ris@kfintech.com

along with scanned copy of the request: letter

duly signed by the first shareholder, providing

the email address, mobile number, self-attested

copy of PAN and Client Master copy in case

shares are held in electronic form or copy of

the share certificate in case shares are held in

physical form, to enable KFin to register their

email address and to provide them the Notice

and the e-voting instructions along with the User

ID and Password.

XII. Please note that in case the shares are held

in electronic form, the above facility is only for

temporary registration of email address for

receipt of the Notice and the e-voting instructions

along with the User ID and Password. Such

members will have to register their email

address with their DPs permanently, so that

all communications are received by them in

electronic form.

XIII. In case of queries, members are requested to

write to einward.ris@kfintech.com or call at the

toll free number 1-800- 309-4001.

DETAILS ON STEP 3 ARE MENTIONED BELOW:

III) Instructions for all the shareholders, including In-

dividual, other than Individual and Physical, for

attending the AGM of the Company through VC/

OAVM and e-Voting during the meeting.

i. Member are provided with a facility to attend the

AGM through VC / OAVM platform provided by

KFintech. Members may access the same at https://

emeetings.kfintech.com/ by using the e-voting login

credentials provided in the email received from the

Company/KFintech. After logging in, click on the

Video Conference tab and select the EVEN of the

Company. Click on the video symbol and accept the

meeting etiquettes to join the meeting. Please note

that the members who do not have the User ID and

Password for e-Voting or have forgotten the User ID

and Password may retrieve the same by following

the remote e-Voting instructions mentioned above.

ii. Facility for joining AGM though VC/ OAVM shall

open atleast 15 minutes before the commencement

of the Meeting.

iii. Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through

Laptops/ Desktops with Google Chrome (preferred

browser), Safari, Internet Explorer, Microsoft Edge,

Mozilla Firefox 22.

iv. Members will be required to grant access to the

webcam to enable VC / OAVM. Further, Members

connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or

through Laptop connecting via Mobile Hotspot may

experience Audio/Video loss due to fluctuation in their

respective network. It is therefore recommended to

use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate any

kind of aforesaid glitches.

v. The Members who have not cast their vote through

remote e-voting shall be eligible to cast their vote

through e-voting system available during the AGM.

E-voting during the AGM is integrated with the VC

/ OAVM platform. The Members may click on the

voting icon displayed on the screen to cast their

votes.

vi. A Member can opt for only single mode of voting

i.e., through Remote e-voting or voting at the AGM.

If a Member casts votes by both modes, then voting

done through Remote e-voting shall prevail and

vote at the AGM shall be treated as invalid.

OTHER INSTRUCTIONS

I.

Speaker Registration: The Members who wish to

speak during the meeting may register themselves as

speakers for the AGM to express their views. They can

visit https://emeetings.kfintech.com and login through

the user id and password provided in the mail received

from Kfintech. On successful login, select ‘Speaker

Registration’ which will be opened at 9:00 AM on

Saturday, September 25, 2021 and ends at 5:00 PM

on Sunday, September 26, 2021. Members shall be

provided a ‘queue number’ before the meeting. The

Company reserves the right to restrict the speakers at

the AGM to only those Members who have registered

themselves, depending on the availability of time for the

AGM.

II.

Post your Question: The Members who wish to post

their questions prior to the meeting can do the same

by visiting https://emeetings.kfintech.com Please login

through the user id and password provided in the mail

received from Kfintech. On successful login, select

‘Post Your Question’ option which will be opened from

9:00 AM on Saturday, September 25, 2021 and ends at

5:00 PM on Sunday, September 26, 2021.

III.

In case of any query and/or grievance, in respect of

voting by electronic means, Members may refer to

the Help & Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) and

E-voting user manual available at the download section

of https://evoting.kfintech.com (KFintech Website) or

contact at evoting@kfintech.com or call Mr. N Shyam

Kumar at KFintech’s toll free No. 1-800-309-4001 for

any further clarifications.

IV.

In case a person has become a Member of the Company

after dispatch of AGM Notice but on or before the cut-off

date for E-voting, he/she may obtain the User ID and

Password in the manner as mentioned below:

i. If the mobile number of the member is registered

against Folio No./ DP ID Client ID, the member may

send SMS:

MYEPWD <space> E-Voting Event Number+Folio

No. or DP ID Client ID to 9212993399

1.

Example for NSDL:

2.

MYEPWD <SPACE> IN12345612345678

3.

Example for CDSL:

4.

MYEPWD <SPACE> 1402345612345678

5.

Example for Physical:

6.

MYEPWD <SPACE> XXXX1234567890

ii. If e-mail address or mobile number of the member is

registered against Folio No. / DP ID Client ID, then

on the home page of https://evoting.kfintech.com/,

the membermay click “Forgot Password” and enter

Folio No. or DP ID Client ID and PAN to generate a

password.

iii. Members who may require any technical assistance

or support before or during the AGM are requested

to contact KFintech at toll free number 1-800-309-

4001 or write to them at evoting@kfintech.com.

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer of Jindal

Stainless Ltd.

Considering the wealth of experience of Mr. Yadu Hari

Dalmia & Mr. Virendra Singh Jain, the immense value they

bring to the Board and the Company, the continuation of their

directorship beyond 75 (seventy-five) years of age would be

in the interest of the Company.

Except Mr. Yadu Hari Dalmia, the appointee, Mr. Puneet

Yadu Dalmia (son of Mr. Yadu Hari Dalmia) none of the

Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company

and their relatives are concerned or interested, financially or

otherwise, in the resolution set out at item no. 5.

Except Mr. Virendra Singh Jain none of the Directors and Key

Managerial Personnel of the Company and their relatives

are concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the

resolution set out at item no. 6.

The Board of Directors, on recommendation of the

Nomination & Remuneration Committee, has recommended

the resolutions set out at item nos 5 & 6 for the approval of

members by way of a Special Resolution.

ITEM NO. 7 & 8:

On recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee and the Board of Directors, the members of the

Company at the Annual General Meeting held on December

31, 2018, had appointed Mr. Gautam Dalmia and Mr. Puneet

Yadu Dalmia as the: Managing

Managing Director as well as the

enhanced business activities of the Company and its

subsidiaries, increase in consolidated profitability and

Group’s plans for growth,, the proposed remuneration

is commensurate with the industry standards and

Board Level positions held in similar sized and similarly

positioned businesses

7.

Pecuniary relationship directly or indirectly with

the Company, or relationship with the Managerial

personnel if any: Mr. Puneet Yadu Dalmia is son of

one of the promoters namely Mr. Yadu Hari Dalmia.

Except drawing remuneration as: Managing Director

and shareholding in the Company, he does not have

any pecuniary relationship directly or indirectly.

III.

OTHER INFORMATION:

1.

Reasons of loss or inadequate profits.

On standalone basis, the net profit after tax of the

Company is lower in FY 2020-21 (Rs. 25 crore) compared

to FY 2019-20 (Rs. 135 crore) due to no dividend income

received from subsidiary companies in respect of FY

2019-20 as the same had already been received and

accounted for in FY 2019-20 as Interim Dividend. On

consolidated basis, the Company’s EBIDTA increased

from Rs. 2106 crore in FY 2019-20 to Rs. 2783 crore in

FY 2020-21 registering increase of 32%, Profit Before

Tax increased from Rs. 357 crore to Rs. 1408 crore in the

same period registering growth of 295% and Profit After

Tax has increased from Rs. 238 crore to Rs. 1243 crore

in the same period registering increase of 423% despite

the challenges faced due to Covid 19.

2.

Steps taken or proposed to be taken for improvement.

The Company has announced Capital Allocation Policy

including dividend payout policy which envisages larger

dividend payouts. This applies to our subsidiary compa-

nies as well , whose dividend payouts are reflected as

income in Company’s standalone accounts. At consoli-

dated level also, the Company’s EBITDA is expected to

increase due to enhanced capacity and higher volume

of sales while undertaking initiatives for cost reduction

and increase in market share.

3. Expected increase in productivity and profits in

measurable terms.

While the Company does not give guidance about fu-

ture profitability, as mentioned in previous paras, the

Companys’ consolidated profitability has grown in FY

20-21 and is expected to increase further in FY 21-22

Additional Information on Directors recommended for appointment/re-appointment as required under Regulation 36 of

SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulation, 2015, and Secretarial Standards-2 as prescribed by

the Institute of Company Secretaries of India.

Name of the Director

Mr. Yadu Hari Dalmia

Mr. Virendra Singh Jain

Mr. Gautam Dalmia

Mr. Puneet Yadu Dalmia

Director Identification

Number

00009800

00253196

00009758

00022633

Date of Birth

02-06-1947

24-07-1946

16-01-1968

15-10-1972

Date of Appointment

15-10-2018

(Non-Executive

Director)

15-10-2018

(Non-Executive

Independent Director)

15-10-2018

as

a

Non-

Executive

Director

and

Change in Designation as a

Managing Director w.e.f. 30-

10-2018

15-10-2018

as

a

Non- Executive Director and

Change in Designation as

a Managing Director w.e.f.

30-10-2018

Qualification

B.Com (Hon), CA

B.Com (H), CA, CMA

B.S. and M.S. degrees in

Electrical Engineering

B Tech from IIT Delhi and

PG DBA from IIM Bangalore

Experience & Expertise in

specific functional area

He

has

around

five

decades of experience

in the cement Industry.

He began his professional

career

with

Indian

Oil

Corporation

and

was

engaged over four decades

in

various

capacities.

He was responsible for

financial

strategies

and

implementation

and

financial

appraisal

of

projects.

He

has

around

three

decades

of

experience

in the cement and sugar

industries.

He has around two and a

half decades of experience in

cement industry having started

his career as the co-founder

and

Managing Director

2. Mr. Puneet Yadu Dalmia,: Managing Director & Chief

Executive Officer

3. Mr. Dharmender Tuteja – Chief Financial Officer

4. Dr. Sanjeev Gemawat, Executive Director (Legal) &

Group Company Secretary

III. DECLARATION

OF

INDEPENDENCE

FROM

INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS:

Your Company has received declarations from all the

Independent Directors confirming that they meet the criteria

of independence as prescribed under the provisions of

Companies Act, 2013 read with the Schedules and Rules

issued thereunder as well as under Listing Regulations.

In the opinion of the Board, Independent Directors fulfil

the conditions specified in Companies Act, 2013 read

with the Schedules and Rules issued thereunder as well

as under Listing Regulations and are independent from

Management.

COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD

There are five statutory Committees of the Board namely (a)

Audit Committee (b) Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee

(c) Nomination and Remuneration Committee (d) Corporate

Social Responsibility Committee and (e) Risk Management

Committee

The details with respect to the compositions, number of

meetings held during the FY 2020-21 and attendance of

the members, powers, terms of reference and other related

matters of the Committees are given in detail in the Corporate

Governance Report which forms part of the Annual Report.

NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION POLICY

The Nomination and Remuneration Policy of the Company

lays down the constitution and role of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee. The policy has been framed with

the objective –

(a) to ensure that appointment of directors, key managerial

personnel and senior managerial personnel and their

removals are in compliance with the applicable provisions

of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Listing Regulations;

(b) to set out criteria for the evaluation of performance and

remuneration of directors, key managerial personnel and

senior managerial personnel;

(c) to recommend to the Board, the remuneration payable to

senior management;

(d) to adopt best practices to attract and retain talent by the

Company; and

(e) to ensure diversity of the Board of the Company.

The policy specifies the manner of effective evaluation of

performance of Board, its Committees and individual Directors

to be carried out either by the Board, by the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee or by an independent external

agency and review its implementation and compliance.

The Nomination and Remuneration policy of the Company

can be accessed at https://www.dalmiacement.com/wp-

content/themes/DalmiaCement/assets/pdf/dbl-industries/

Nomination%20and%20Remuneration%20Policy.pdf

ANNUAL EVALUATION OF BOARD PER-

FORMANCE AND PERFORMANCE OF ITS

COMMITTEES AND OF DIRECTORS

Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and

SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015, the Board has carried out annual

evaluation of (i) its own performance; (ii) Individual Directors

Performance; (iii) performance of

Managing Director and CEO: Managing Director

DIN: 00022633

DIN: 00009758

Dharmender Tuteja

Dr. Sanjeev Gemawat

Place : New Delhi

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Date: July 27, 2021

Membership No. F 3669

Annexure 2

DETAILS PERTAINING TO REMUNERATION AS REQUIRED UNDER SECTION 197(12) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013

READ WITH RULE 5(1) OF THE COMPANIES (APPOINTMENT AND REMUNERATION OF MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL)

RULES, 2014 FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR 2020-21.

1.

Details of the ratio of remuneration of each Director to the median remuneration of the employees of the Company for the

financial year 2020-21 and the percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Financial Officer and Company

Secretary during the financial year 2020-21 are as under:

Name of the Director/KMP and

Designation

Remuneration of Director/

KMP for the F.Y. 2020-21

` crore

Ratio of remuneration of each

Director to median remuneration of

employees of the Company

% increase in the

remuneration in the

F.Y. 2020-21

Mr. P.K. Khaitan

MANAGING DIRECTOR

**20.09

2

MR.GAUTAM

DALMIA

53

MANAGING

DIRECTOR

B.SC, M.S.IN ELECTRICAL

ENGINEERING, COLUMBIA

UNIVERSITY

29 YEARS

31-10-2018

--

DALMIA CEMENT

(BHARAT) LIMITED: MANAGING DIRECTOR

**15.05

3

MR.AJIT MENON

56

SENIOR

EXECUTIVE

DIRECTOR

B.S.C, B.B.A

24 YEARS

31-08-2012

--

DDB MUDRA PRIVATE

LIMITED

EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

(ORGANIZATION DEVELOPMENT)

# 8.64

4

MR.HARISH

CHANDER SEHGAL

63

GROUP GENERAL

COUNCEL

B.COM (H), LLB

40 YEARS

10-08-2009

--

DALMIA BHARAT SUGAR

& INDUSTRIES LIMITED

GROUP GENERAL COUNSEL

4.77

5

MR.AMIT GARG

53

EXECUTIVE

DIRECTOR

PGDM - MARKETING AND

FINANCE

27 YEARS

21-11-2016

--

HINDUSTAN TIMES

EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

2.83

6

MR.SAMEER

NAGPAL

51

CHIEF EXECUTIVE

OFFICER -

REFRACTORY

BE MECHANICAL, PGDBM

31 YEARS

03-08-2015

--

SHALIMAR PAINTS

MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO

2.34

7

MR.ANAND KUMAR

KANODIA

51

EXECUTIVE

DIRECTOR

B.COM, ACA, ACS

28 YEARS

01-04-2019

--

DALMIA CEMENT

(BHARAT) LIMITED

EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

2.19

8

DR.SANJEEV

GEMAWAT

51

EXECUTIVE

DIRECTOR

B. Com.(Hons), LL.B, LL.M,

FCIS(UK), FCS, FCA, FCMA, DITL

(ICAI), PhD.

27 YEARS

01-01-2016

--

DALMIA CEMENT

(BHARAT) LIMITED

EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

2.18

9

MR.R K AGRAWAL

63

EXECUTIVE

DIRECTOR

CA, CS(INTER), B.COM

44 YEARS

01-09-1997

--

DALMIA INDUSTRIES

LIMITED

DEPUTY GENERAL MANAGER

# 1.91

10

MR.SURATH KR.

MUKHERJEE

52

EXECUTIVE

DIRECTOR

A.C.A, A.I.C.W.A

26 YEARS

29-08-2008

--

DALMIA BHARAT SUGAR

& INDUSTRIES LIMITED

ASSISTANT EXECUTIVE

DIRECTOR

1.64

11

MRS.MADHURI

MEHTA

42

EXECUTIVE

DIRECTOR

POST GRADUATE DIPLOMA

IN MANAGEMENT - HUMAN

RESOURCES

20 YEARS

29-05-2006

--

BHARTI AIRTEL LIMITED

SENIOR MANAGER - HR

OPERATIONS

1.23

B. Employed for part of the Year

1

MR.JAYESH

NAGINDAS DOSHI

56

WHOLE TIME

DIRECTOR & CFO

B.COM, B.L.L, A.C.A.

29 YEARS

01-02-2013

31-10-

2020

PANCHSHIL REALTY

GROUP DIRECTOR - STRATEGY

& FINANCE

3.06

2

MR.RAJIV BANSAL

48

SENIOR

EXECUTIVE

DIRECTOR

BCOM. (HONS.), COST

ACCOUNTANT (ICWA), CA (ACA)

27 YEARS

05-11-2020

--

DXC TECHNOLOGY

CFO

3.40

* Date of commencement of employment of all the employees except Mr. Gautam Dalmia and Mr. Puneet Yadu Dalmia, is in the erstwhile Dalmia Bharat Limited. All these employees were employees of erstwhile Dalmia Bharat Limited

and became employees of the Company pursuant to the Scheme of Arrangement and Amalgamation.

** Mr. Puneet Yadu Dalmia is son of Mr. Y.H. Dalmia, accordingly, both

Managing Director &

Member of CSR Committee)

(Independent Director &

Chairperson of CSR Committee)

Annexure 4

FORM NO MR 3

SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

For the Financial Year Ended March 31, 2021

(Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act 2013, and Rule No. 9 of the Companies

(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014)

To

The Members,

Dalmia Bharat Limited

(Formerly Known as Odisha Cement Limited).

I have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate

practices by Dalmia Bharat Limited (Formerly Known as Odisha Cement Limited) (herein after called the Company). Under the

ongoing COVID 19 pandemic, Secretarial Audit could only be conducted in a manner that provided me a reasonable basis for

evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory compliances and expressing my opinion thereon.

Based on my verification of the Dalmia Bharat Limited’s (Formerly Known as Odisha Cement Limited’s) books, papers, minute

books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the Company and also the information provided to me digitally by

the Company, its officers, agents and authorized representatives during the conduct of Secretarial Audit, I hereby report that in my

opinion, the Company has, during the audit period covering the financial year ended on 31.03.2021 complied with the statutory

provisions listed here under and also that the Company has proper Board – processes and compliance-mechanism in place to the

extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:

I have examined the digital copies of books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by Dalmia

Bharat Limited (Formerly Known as Odisha Cement Limited) (“The Company”) for the financial year ended 31.03.2021 made

available to me by email/online mode according to the provisions of:

(i)

The Companies Act, 2013 (The Act) and the rules made thereunder;

(ii) The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) and the rules made there under;

(iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws framed thereunder;

(iv) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign Direct

Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and the External Commercial Borrowings;

(v) The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992

(‘SEBI Act’) :-

a)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;

b)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;

c)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018;

d)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Debt Securities) Regulations, 2008; (Not Applicable as

the Company has not issued and listed any debt securities during the financial year under review)

e)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 1993

regarding the Companies Act and dealing with client; (Not Applicable as the Company is not registered as Registrar to

an issue and Share Transfer Agent during the financial year under review)

f)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009;(Not Applicable as there was

no reportable event during the period under review) and

g)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy Back of Securities) Regulations, 2018;

h)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015;

i)

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014;

j)

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Non- Convertible and Redeemable Preference Shares)

Regulations, 2013;

(vi) And other applicable laws like Factories Act, 1948, Employees State Insurance Act, 1948, Minimum Wages Act, 1948, The

Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972, Workmen Compensation Act, 1923 etc:

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure–A and forms an integral part of this report.

To

The Members,

Dalmia Bharat Limited

(Formerly Known as Odisha Cement Limited).

My report of even date is to be read along with this: letter:

1.

Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express

an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

I have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness

of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in

secretarial records. I believe that the processes and practices, I followed, provide a reasonable basis for my opinion.

3.

I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and book of accounts of the Company.

4.

Where ever required, I have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations

and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of

management. My examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor the efficacy or effectiveness

with which the management has conducted the affairs of the company.

Place: Angarai

R.Venkatasubramanian

Date: April 29, 2021

Practising Company Secretary

ACS No. 3673; CP No. 3893

UDIN: A003673C000212640

ANNEXURE – A

Managing Director or Chief Executive Officer.

All the Independent Directors have given declaration(s) that they meet the criteria of independence as prescribed in the

Listing Regulations and the Companies Act, 2013. Based on the said declaration(s), the Board of Directors is of the opinion

that the Independent Directors fulfil the conditions specified in the Listing Regulations and the Companies Act, 2013 and are

independent of the management.

The composition of the Board and other directorships of Directors of the Company held as on March 31, 2021 are provided in

below Table 1.

Table 1: The Composition of the Board and other directorships held as on March 31, 2021

Name of Director

Category of

directorship

in other Listed

Companies

Name of the Listed

Companies

No. of outside

directorship(s)

in Public Limited

Companies (1)(3)

No. of outside Committee

position(s) held (2)(3)

Membership

Chairpersonship

Non-Executive and Independent Director(s)

Mr. Pradip Kumar Khaitan

(Chairman)

CESC Limited

6

5

2

Firstsource Solutions Limited

Electrosteel Castings Limited

Graphite India Limited

Emami Limited

India Glycols Limited

Mr. Virendra Singh Jain

Apl Apollo Tubes Limited

1

0

0

Mrs. Sudha Pillai

Jubilant Pharmova Limited

9

9

3

International Travel House

Limited

Indian Energy Exchange

Limited

Amber Enterprises India

Limited

Jubilant Ingrevia Limited

Total Board Size and Composition

Executive Directors

Non-Executive Directors

As on March 31, 2021

Independent Directors:

Managing Director) (4)

Dalmia Bharat Sugar and

Industries Limited

5

3

0

Indian Energy Exchange

Limited

Mr. Puneet Yadu Dalmia

(: Managing Director & CEO) (4)

SRF Limited

1

0

0

- Non-Executive and Independent Directors,

- Non-Executive Directors,

- Executive Directors

1.

Excluding directorships in Private Limited Companies, Foreign Companies and Section 8 Companies under the provision of the

Companies Act, 2013;

2.

As required by Regulation 26 of the Listing Regulations, the disclosure includes membership / chairpersonship of the audit

committee and stakeholder’s relationship committee in Indian public companies (listed and unlisted);

3.

None of the Directors (i) hold membership in more than ten public limited companies and (ii) is a member of more than ten

committees or chairperson of more than five committees across all the public companies in which he/she is a Director (iii) hold

directorship in more than eight listed companies and serve as an independent director in more than seven listed companies;

4.

Mr. Jai Hari Dalmia passed away on July 08, 2021, he was brother of Mr. Yadu Hari Dalmia and father of Mr. Gautam Dalmia.

Mr. Puneet Dalmia is son of Mr. Yadu Hari Dalmia. None of the other Directors are related to any other Director on the Board.

None of the Directors have been debarred or disqualified

from being appointed or continuing as Director of

companies by Securities and Exchange Board of India/

Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such statutory authority.

A certificate in this regard by Mr. R. Venkatasubramanian,

Practicing Company Secretary, the Secretarial Auditor of

the Company, is attached and forms part of this report.

(B) BOARD MEETINGS

The Board meetings are generally held at the corporate

office of the Company. The Board usually meets at least

once in a quarter and the Board meeting is requisitioned

whenever it is required in between the quarterly meetings.

During the financial year 2020-21, the Board of Directors

met five (5) times, i.e., on June 13, 2020, August 06,

2020, November 05, 2020, February 04, 2021 and March

23, 2021.

As per the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Listing

Regulations, the required quorum for every meeting of

the Board of Directors is one third of its total strength or

three Directors, whichever is higher, including at least one

Independent Director. The requisite quorum was present

in the said meetings.

The details of the attendance of Directors at the Board

Meetings and Annual General Meeting and Shares held

are provided in below Table 2.

Table 2: Attendance at the Board Meetings and Annual General Meeting and number of shares held during financial

year 2020-21

Name of the Director

Annual

General

Meeting

Number of Board Meetings held and

attended

Held

during

tenure

Attended

% of

attendance

Number

of shares

held in the

Company

1

2

3

4

5

Mr. Pradip Kumar

Khaitan

5

5

100%

Nil

Mr. Jai Hari Dalmia*

X

5

4

80%

2

Mr. Yadu Hari Dalmia

X

5

4

80%

Nil

Mr. Gautam Dalmia

X

5

4

80%

1

Mr. Puneet Yadu Dalmia

X

5

4

80%

Nil

Mr. Virendra Singh Jain

5

5

100%

Nil

Mrs. Sudha Pillai

5

5

100%

Nil

Dr. Niddodi Subrao

Rajan

5

5

100%

14905

Mr. Jayesh Nagindas

Doshi**

NA

NA

NA

3

3

100%

84,800

- Attended X - Leave of Absence

* Mr. Jai Hari Dalmia passed away on July 08, 2021

**Mr.Jayesh Nagindas Doshi, Whole Time Director and CFO

resigned with effect from October 31, 2020.

In Compliance with the Secretarial Standards, the draft

minutes of the Board and Committee meetings were

circulated to the Directors for their comments within a period

of 15 days from the date of respective meeting(s) and entered

in the minutes books after incorporation of their comments, if

any, within a period of 30 days from the date of the respective

meeting(s).

(C) MEETING

OF

INDEPENDENT

DIRECTORS

AND

FAMILIARIZATION PROGRAMMES

The Independent Directors of the Company met once

during the financial year on February 01, 2021 without the

presence of Non-Independent Director(s) and members

of the management.

The Independent Directors, inter-alia, reviewed the

performance of Non-Independent Directors and the

Board as a whole, reviewed the performance of the

Managing Director(s),

the appointment may be terminated by either party by giving

three months’ notice. There is no provision for severance fee

in case of termination.

During the year, 3,25,500 stock options were vested and

exercised by the eligible employees of the Company /

subsidiary as per DBL ESOP Scheme 2018. No stock options

were vested in favour of any director of the Company.

(E) CODE OF CONDUCT FOR THE DIRECTORS AND

SENIOR MANAGEMENT OF THE COMPANY

The Company’s Board has laid down a code of conduct

for all the Board members and designated senior

management of the Company. The Code of Conduct

includes the code of conduct for Independent Directors

and provides in detail the guidelines of professional

conduct, role and functions and duties of Independent

Directors. The Code of Conduct is available on the

website of the Company at https://www.dalmiacement.

com/wp-content/themes/DalmiaCement/assets/pdf/dbl-

industries/Code-of-Conduct.pdf. All Board members and

senior management personnel have affirmed compliance

with the Code of Conduct. A declaration signed by the

Chief Executive Officer to this effect is annexed at the end

of this report.

(F) CEO/ CFO CERTIFICATION

The CEO and CFO certification of the financial statements

for the financial year 2020-21 is annexed at the end of this

report.

(G) BOARD SKILL MATRIX:

The Board of the Company comprises of eminent

personalities and leaders in their respective fields. These

Directors are nominated based on well-defined selection

criteria. The Board and Nomination and Remuneration

Committee considers, inter alia, key qualifications, skills,

expertise and competencies, whilst recommending

candidates for election as a Director on the Board. The

criteria for appointment to the Board also includes:

•

size of the Board with optimal balance of skills and

experience and balance of Executive and Non-

Executive Directors consistent with the requirements

of law;

•

professional qualifications, expertise and experience

in specific area of relevance to the Company;

•

desired age and diversity on the Board;

•

balance of skills and expertise in view of the

objectives and activities of the Company;

•

personal characteristics being in line with the

Company’s values, such as integrity, honesty,

transparency, pioneering mindset.

The Board and Nomination and Remuneration Committee

ensures that the candidates identified for appointment

as Directors are not disqualified for appointment under

Section 164 and other applicable provisions of the

Companies Act, 2013.

In the opinion of the Board and the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee, the following is a list of core

skills/expertise/competencies required in the context of

the Company’s business and which are available with the

Board:

Sl.

No

Experience, Expertise and

Attribute

Description

1

Leadership Experience

Strong management and leadership experience in leading well-governed large organization in the

areas of business development, strategic planning and mergers & acquisitions and have visionary

with strategic goal for the Company to identify possible road maps, inspire and motivate the strategy,

approach, processes and other such key deliverables and mentor the leadership team to channelize its

energy/efforts in appropriate direction and thought to be a leader and a role model in good governance

and ethical conduct of business, while encouraging the organisation to maximise stakeholders value

having hands on experience of leading an entity at the highest level.

2

Industry knowledge and

experience

Depth knowledge in businesses in which the Company participates viz. Cement, Power, Refractory and

Management Consultancy and such other areas as appropriate for betterment of Company’s business.

3

Experience and Exposure in

policy shaping and industry

advocacy

Ability to develop professional relationship with the Policy makers and Regulators for contributing to the

shaping of Government policies in the areas of Company’s business.

4

Governance including legal

compliance

Experience in developing and implementing good corporate governance practices, maintaining

accountability of Board and its management, managing stakeholders interest and responsibility towards

customers, employees, suppliers, regulatory bodies etc. to support the Company’s legal compliance

systems and governance policies/practices.

5

Expertise/ Experience in

Finance & Accounts / Audit /

Risk Management areas

Knowledge and skills in accounting and finance, business judgment, general management practices

and processes, crisis response and management, industry knowledge, macro- economic perspectives,

human resources, labour laws, international markets, sales and marketing, and risk management.

Given below is a list of core skills, expertise and competencies of the individual Directors:

Name of the Director(s)

Skills/Expertise/Competencies

Leadership

Experience

Industry

knowledge and

experience

Experience and

Exposure in policy

shaping and industry

advocacy

Governance

including legal

compliance

Expertise/ Experience in

Finance & Accounts / Audit

/ Risk Management areas

Mr. Pradip Kumar

Khaitan

√

--

√

√

√

Mr. Jai Hari Dalmia*

√

√

--

--

√

Mr. Yadu Hari Dalmia

√

√

--

--

√

Mr. Gautam Dalmia

√

√

--

--

√

Mr. Puneet Yadu Dalmia

√

√

--

--

√

Mr. Virendra Singh Jain

√

--

--

√

√

Mrs. Sudha Pillai

√

--

√

√

√

Dr. Niddodi Subrao Rajan

√

--

--

√

√

*passed away on July 08, 2021

(III) COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY

(A) COMPOSITION OF COMMITTEES, THEIR MEETINGS AND ATTENDANCE

The Board of Directors of the Company has five (5) Board level Committees as on March 31, 2021, namely Audit Committee,

Nomination and Remuneration Committee, Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee, Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

and Risk Management Committee. The composition, constitution and functioning of these Committees meet the requirements

of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Listing Regulations. The Chairman and members of these Committees are selected

by the Board based on the category of Director(s) and their expertise, knowledge and experience. The role and terms of

reference of these Committees is approved by the Board of Directors of the Company. The Company Secretary acts as

Secretary to these Committees. Below Table 4 shows composition of the Board and Committees:

Table 4: Composition of the Board and Committees

Name of the Director

Board

Audit

Committee

Nomination &

Remuneration

Committee

Corporate Social

Responsibility

Committee

Risk

Management

Committee

Stakeholders

Relationship

Committeqe

Mr. Pradip Kumar Khaitan

--

--

--

Mr. Jai Hari Dalmia*

--

--

--

--

--

Mr. Yadu Hari Dalmia

--

--

--

Mr. Gautam Dalmia

--

--

Mr. Puneet Yadu Dalmia

--

--

--

--

--

Mr. Virendra Singh Jain

--

Mrs. Sudha Pillai

--

Dr. Niddodi Subrao Rajan

--

--

--

Mr. Jayesh Nagindas Doshi**

--

--

--

--

--

Total Number of Members

9

3

3

4

4

3

- Chairperson

- Member

* Passed away on July 08, 2021

** Was a member of the Board till October 31, 2020.

AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee met five times during the financial year 2020-21 and the gap between two committee meetings did not

exceed 120 days. The dates on which the committee meetings held were: June 13, 2020, Aug 06, 2020, November 05,2020,

February 04, 2021 and March 23, 2021. The composition as well as terms of reference of the Audit Committee are in line with

the requirements of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Listing Regulations. The attendance details of the Committee meetings

are given in below Table 5::

Managing Director & CEO and other departmental heads

attend the meeting whenever required. The Company

Secretary of the Company acts as the Secretary to the

Audit Committee. All the recommendations of the Audit

Committee during the financial year 2020-21 were

accepted by the Board of Directors.

All members of the Audit Committee were present at

the Annual General Meeting of the Company held on

September 30,2020.

NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE.

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee met four

times during the financial year 2020-21 on October 14,

2020, January 14, 2021, February 1, 2021 and March 23,

2021. The composition as well as the terms of reference

of the Committee are in line with the requirements of the

Companies Act, 2013 and the Listing Regulations. The

attendance details of the Committee meetings are given in

below Table 6:

Table 6: Nomination and Remuneration Committee Meeting

Name of the member

Number of Nomination and Remuneration

Committee Meeting

Held during tenure

Attended

% of attendance

1

2

3

4

Mrs. Sudha Pillai

4

4

100%

Mr. Pradip Kumar Khaitan

4

4

100%

Dr. Niddodi Subrao Rajan

4

4

100%

- Attended in person X - Leave of absence

The role, powers and terms of reference of the Nomination

and Remuneration Committee covers all the areas

prescribed under Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013

and Regulation 19(4) of the Listing Regulations besides

other terms as referred by the Board of Directors from

time to time. The role of Nomination and Remuneration

Committee broadly includes the following:

•

Formulate criteria for determining qualifications,

age, extension of term, positive attributes and

independence of a Director and recommend to the

Board the Nomination and Remuneration Policy.

•

Devise a Board diversity policy.

•

Formulate criteria for performance evaluation of

Directors.

•

Identify qualified persons and recommend to the

Board of Directors appointment, remuneration and

removal of Directors and senior management.

•

Review Human Resource policies and succession

planning.

•

Administer, monitor and formulate detailed terms

and conditions of the Employees Stock Option

Scheme.

The Head of Human Resource department is invited to

the Nomination and Remuneration Committee meetings

as and when desired by the Committee. The Company

Secretary of the Company acts as the Secretary of

the Nomination and Remuneration Committee. All the

recommendations of the committee during the financial

year 2020-21 were accepted by the Board of Directors.

All members of the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee were present at the Annual General Meeting of

the Company held on September 30, 2020.

PERFORMANCE EVALUATION CRITERIA

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee, as part of

the Nomination and Remuneration Policy, has formulated

criteria and specified the manner of effective evaluation of

performance of the Board, its committees and individual

directors to be carried out either by the Board, by the

Committee or by an independent external agency and

effective evaluation of performance of key managerial

personnel and senior management; and reviews its

implementation and compliance.

During the financial year 2020-21, the Directors evaluated

the performance of Non-Independent Directors of the

Board and post review of the performance on several

criteria including attendance, participation at the meetings,

qualification, experience, etc., found that their overall

performance was good. The Directors appreciated the

executive management for its receptiveness to the calls

for strong corporate governance, internal controls and

compliances.

Further, the performance evaluation of Independent

Directors was done by the entire Board excluding the

Directors being evaluated.

STAKEHOLDERS’ RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE

The Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee met once

during the financial year 2020-21 on February 01, 2021.

The composition of the Stakeholders’ Relationship

Committee as well as its terms of reference are in line

with the requirements of the Companies Act, 2013 and

the Listing Regulations. The attendance details of the

Committee meeting are given in below Table 7:

Table 7: Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee Meeting

Name of the member

Number of Stakeholders’ Relationship

Committee Meeting

Held during tenure

Attended

% of attendance

1

Mr. Virendra Singh Jain

1

1

100%

Mr. Yadu Hari Dalmia

1

1

100%

Mr. Gautam Dalmia

X

0

0

0%

- Attended X - Leave of absence

The role, powers and terms of reference of the

Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee covers all the areas

prescribed under Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013

and Regulation 20(4) of the Listing Regulations besides

other terms as referred by the Board of Directors from time

to time. The role of Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee

broadly includes the following:

•

Resolve grievances of security holders.

•

Review measures taken for effective exercise of

voting rights by shareholders.

•

Review adherence to service standards adopted in

respect of services being rendered by the Registrar

and Share Transfer Agent.

•

Review measures for reducing quantum of

unclaimed dividends and ensuring timely receipt of

dividend warrants/annual reports/statutory notices

by shareholders.

All members of the Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee

were present at the Annual General Meeting of the

Company held on September 30, 2020.

Dr. Sanjeev Gemawat, Company Secretary, is the

compliance officer of the Company and responsible for

ensuring compliance with the requirements of Securities

Laws.

Table 5: Audit Committee Meeting

Name of the member

Number of Audit Committee Meetings

Held during tenure

Attended

% of attendance

1

2

3

4

5

Mr. Virendra Singh Jain

5

5

100%

Mr. Pradip Kumar Khaitan

5

5

100%:

Managing Director of the Company for a period of five

years with effect from October 30, 2018.

•

Appointment of Mr. Puneet Yadu Dalmia, as a: Managing

Managing Director &

Date: July 27, 2021

Chief Executive Officer

To

The Board of Directors,

Dalmia Bharat Limited

Dalmiapuram, Lalgudi,

District Tiruchirappalli

Tamil Nadu- 621651

In accordance with Regulation 17(8) of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015, we certify that:

1.

We have reviewed the financial statements and the cash flow statement for the financial year ended March 31, 2021 and that

to the best of our knowledge and belief:

a.

these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements that

might be misleading;

b.

these statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with existing

accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.

2.

There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the financial year

ended March 31, 2021 which are fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company’s code of conduct.

3.

We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that we have evaluated

the effectiveness of internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting. We have not come across any

reportable deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls.

4.

We have indicated to the auditors and the Audit Committee:

a.

that there are no significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the financial year ended

March 31, 2021;

b.

that there are no significant changes in accounting policies during the financial year ended March 31, 2021; and

c.

that there are no instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware.

Dharmender Tuteja

Puneet Yadu Dalmia

Place : New Delhi

Chief Financial Officer: Managing

Managing Director (DIN:

00009758 ), Mr. Dharmender tuteja, Chief Financial Officer, Dr. Sanjeev

Gemawat, Executive Director-Legal & Group Company Secretary

b)

Name Mr. Dharmender Tuteja

DIN- N/A

Designation – Chief Financial Officer

Email – tuteja.dharmender@dalmiacement.com

Telephone - 011-2331-0121:

Managing Director,

Chief Financial Officer and the Company

Secretary of the Company. Overall performance

is assessed at least once in a year by the Board.

D3

ii.Does the Company publish a BR or a Sustainability

Report? What is the hyperlink for viewing this report?

How frequently it is published?

Yes, Integrated Report of Dalmia Bharat Group

for the period 2020-21 is published in accordance

with IIRC, UNGC, Global Reporting Initiatives

(GRI) Standard and GCCA. It can be accessed at

www.dalmiacement.com/investor/dalmia-bharat-

limited/

SECTION E: PRINCIPLE-WISE PERFORMANCE

Principle 1

Page nos.

P1-1

Does the policy relating to ethics, bribery and corruption

cover only the company? Yes/ No. Does it extend to the

Group/Joint Ventures/ Suppliers/Contractors/NGOs /

Others?

Yes, the policy covers the company and

extend to the subsidiaries. A third party

enabled ethics helpline operates.

P1-2

How many stakeholder complaints have been received

in the past financial year and what percentage was

satisfactorily resolved by the management? If so, provide

details thereof, in about 50 words or so

Human Capital

88

Principle 2

Page nos.

P2-1

List up to 3 of your products or services

whose

design

has

incorporated

social

or environmental concerns, risks and/or

opportunities.

1. Breakthrough innovation and Green Practices to

Design World-Class Products

2. Natural Capital

10, 60

P2-2

For each such product, provide the following

details in respect of resource use (energy,

water, raw material etc.) per unit of product

(optional):

i. Reduction during sourcing/production/

distribution achieved since the previous

year throughout the value chain?

ii.Reduction during usage by consumers

(energy, water) has been achieved since

the previous year?

i) Please refer to Natural capital and GCCA table

ii) Construction and building material value chain in

India is vast and complex with multiple players

from organized and unorganized sector. Hence,

it is extremely difficult to provide information with

respect to the entire value chain. However, the

information with reference to our management

control is provided in the Natural Capital section,

Intellectual section and GCCA Table

i) 60,392

ii) 60,72,392

b.If answer to the question at serial number 1 against any principle, is ‘No’, please explain why::

Managing Director(s) & Whole-Time Director, who have been considered in KMP category:

Managing Director (DIN: 00009758 ) Mr. Dharmender

Tuteja, Chief Financial Officer, Dr. Sanjeev Gemawat, Executive Director-Legal & Group Company

Secretary

b) Name Mr. Dharmender Tuteja

DIN- N/A

Designation – Chief Financial Officer

Email – Tuteja.dharmender@dalmiabharat.com

Telephone - 011-2331-0121

Our policies can be viewed at https://www.dalmiacement.com/investor/dalmia-bharat-limited/

9. Does the entity

have a specified

Committee of the

Board/ Director

responsible for

decision making on

sustainability related

issues? (Yes / No). If

yes, provide details.

The business responsibility performance of the Company is assessed on a regular basis by the

Committee comprising of the: Managing

Managing Director(s) & Whole-Time Director, whose remuneration have been considered in KMP category:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN: 00022633

Gautam Dalmia: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

DIN: 00022633

Gautam Dalmia: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

DIN: 00022633

Gautam Dalmia: Managing

Managing Director & CEO,

2.

Mr. Gautam Dalmia-: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

DIN: 00022633

Gautam Dalmia: Managing

Managing Director, Clearing Agent and

its business head for committing various offences under

Indian Penal Code and further, criminal court has already

taken cognizance of the matter. The matter of release

of seized securities reached Supreme Court. During the

year, these Securities have been credited in DCBL’s

account pursuant to the Order of Hon’ble Supreme

Court upon furnishing bank guarantee of Rs. 344 crore

to the Trial Court. The Group is fully confident that there

is no loss to DCBL and hence, no provision is required in

these consolidated financial statements.

Our opinion is not modified in respect of above matters.

KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional

judgment and in the judgment of the component auditors,

were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated

financial statements of the current period. These matters

were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated

financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion

thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these

matters. Key audit matters identified by us and the component

auditors (as stated in their respective audit reports) are

referred in Annexure I attached herewith to this report.

INFORMATION

OTHER

THAN

THE

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

AND AUDITOR’S REPORT THEREON

The Holding Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for

the other information. The other information comprises the

information included in the Annual report but does not include

the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report

thereon. The Annual Report is expected to be made available

to us after the date of this Auditors’ Report.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does

not cover the other information and we do not express any

form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial

statements, our responsibility is to read the other information

and, in doing so, consider whether such other information

is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial

statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or

otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

When we read Annual Report, if we conclude that there

is a material misstatement therein, we are required to

communicate the matter to those charged with governance.

RESPONSIBILITY OF THE MANAGEMENT

AND

THOSE

CHARGED

WITH

GOVERNANCE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Holding Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for

the matters stated in Section 134(5) of the Act with respect

to preparation of these consolidated financial statements

that give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial

position, consolidated financial performance, consolidated

total comprehensive income, consolidated changes in equity

and consolidated cash flows of the Group and its joint venture

company in accordance with the Ind AS and other accounting

principles generally accepted in India. The respective Board

of Directors of the companies included in the Group and of

its joint venture company are responsible for maintenance

of the adequate accounting records in accordance with

the provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets of the

Group and its joint venture company and for preventing

and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and

application of appropriate accounting policies; making

judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

and design, implementation and maintenance of adequate

internal financial controls, that were operating effectively for

ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting

records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the

consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair

view and are free from material misstatement, whether due

to fraud or error which have been used for the purpose of

preparation of the consolidated financial statements by the

Directors of the Holding Company, as aforesaid.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the

respective Board of Directors of the companies included in

the Group and its joint venture company are responsible for

assessing the ability of the Group and of its joint venture

company to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as

applicable, matters related to going concern and using the

going concern basis of accounting unless management either

intends to liquidate the Group and its joint venture company

or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to

do so.

The respective Board of Directors of the companies included

in the Group and of its joint venture company are also

responsible for overseeing the financial reporting process of

the Group and of its joint venture company.

AUDITOR’S

RESPONSIBILITIES

FOR

THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about

whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole

are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud

or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our

opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance

but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance

with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when it

exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are

considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they

could reasonably be expected to influence the economic

decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated

financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise

professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism

throughout the audit. We also:

•

Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement

of the consolidated financial statements, whether due

to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures

responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that

is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our

opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement

resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from

error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional

omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal

control.

•

Obtain an understanding of internal financial controls

relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures

that are appropriate in the circumstances. Under section

143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing:

letter from

the management on the assessment of

those matters as per SA 580 (revised) -

written representations.

7.

Murli Industries

Limited

(subsidiary of

DCBL MIL)

Accounting Treatment for the effect of

Resolution Plan

Refer note 59 to the consolidated financial

statements for the details regarding the

resolution plan implemented in the Company

in pursuant to a Corporate Insolvency

Resolution Process concluded during the

year under Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code,

2016.

Prior to approval of the Resolution Plan by

National Company Law Tribunal (“NCLT”)

dated July 22, 2019 and confirmed by

National Company Law Appellate Tribunal

(“NCLAT”) vide its order dated January 24,

2020, MIL had outstanding credit facilities

from several institution and had outstanding

operational creditors.

Owing to the size of over-due facilities,

multiplicity

of

contractual

arrangement

and large number of operational creditors,

determination of the carrying amount of

related liabilities at the date of approval of the

Resolution Plan was a complex exercise.

Further,

comprehending

the

provision

of the Resolution Plan and determining

the appropriateness of the accounting

treatment thereof, more particularly the

accounting treatment of de-recognition of

liabilities, required significant judgement and

estimates, including estimates, including

consideration of the accounting principles to

be applied for the presentation of difference

between carrying amount of novated debt

and consideration paid therefor.

Accounting for the effect of the resolution

plan is considered by us to be a matter of

most significance due to its importance to

intended user’s understanding of the financial

statements as a whole and materiality thereof.

Resolution

plan

to

understand

the

requirements of the said Plan and

evaluated the possible impact of the same

on the financial statements.

• Verified the balances of liabilities as on

the date of approval of Resolution Plan

from supporting documents on a test

check basis.

• Verified the underlying documents

supporting the receipt and payment of

funds as per Resolution Plan.

• Tested the implementation of provisions

of the Resolution Plan in computation

of balance of liabilities owed to financial

and operational creditors.

• Evaluated whether the accounting

principles applied by the management

fairly present the effects of the

Resolution Plan in financial statements

in accordance with the principles of Ind

AS.

• Tested the related disclosures made

in notes to the financial statements in

respect of the implementation of the

resolution plan.:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN: 00022633

Gautam Dalmia: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

DIN: 00022633

Gautam Dalmia: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

DIN: 00022633

Gautam Dalmia: Managing

Letter of Intent has been granted by the State, the recent amendment

to Section 10A(2)(b) may not apply. However, the Group also has a right to challenge the amendments made in the Act in

2021.

(iii) Details of expenses capitalised and carried forward as a part of capital work in progress are disclosed in note 43.

(vii) Land of ₹ 0 (March 31, 2020: ₹ 0) held by a step down subsidiary company and included above, is in dispute and the matter

is sub-judice.

(viii) Reconciliation of depreciation and amortisation expense:

Particulars

Year ended

March 31, 2021

Year ended

March 31, 2020

Depreciation and amortisation expense on:

Property, plant and equipment (PPE)

901

958

Investment properties

0

-

Goodwill

203

402

Other intangible assets

149

132

Right-of-use assets

53

51

As per PPE, Investment properties, Goodwill, Other intangible assets and Right-of-use

assets Schedule

1,306

1,543

Less:

Cost allocated to capital work-in-progress (refer note 43)

(32)

(3)

Adjustment against recoupment from deferred capital subsidy (refer note 16(i))

(12)

(12)

As per statement of profit and loss

1,262

1,528

Particulars

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

Movement of capital work in progress

Opening balance

1,702

501

Additions during the year

1,127

1,441

Acquisition through business combination (refer note 59(a))

11

-

Capitalised during the year

(1,900)

(237)

Disposal duing the year

(0)

-

Transfer to assets held for sale

-

(0)

Impairment during the year

(2)

-

Other adjustments

-

(3)

Closing balance

938

1,702

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

letter dated May 29, 2009 for development of coal mine and use of coal for

captive mining. DCBL had invested ₹ 2 in equity shares of Khappa Coal Company Private Limited and given advance against

share application money of ₹ 4. Consequent upon decision of Hon’ble Supreme Court of India for cancellation of coal block

vide order dated September 24, 2014, Group in earlier years had provided for its exposure in its joint venture viz. Khappa Coal

Company Private Limited aggregating to ₹ 6 (March 31, 2020: ₹ 6).

c)

DCBL invested an amount of ₹ 59 in Optionally Redeemable Convertible Debentures (‘OCDs’) of Saroj Sunrise Private

Limited (SSPL). The investment in zero coupon OCDs are in the nature of equity investment. The OCDs are non-interest

bearing and are secured by the pledge of equity shares of Calcom Cement India Limited (Calcom), step down subsidiary of

the Group, held by SSPL. If certain conditions as stipulated in the Shareholders Agreement for performance by Bawri Group

(BG), other shareholder of Calcom, are met, these OCDs are convertible into equity shares constituting 0.01% shareholding

of SSPL, else DCBL has an option either to get the debentures redeemed for an aggregate amount of ₹ 59 or convert into

equity shares constituting 99.99% shareholding of SSPL (also, refer note 35(B)).

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

Managing Director, Clearing Agent and its business head for committing

various offences under Indian Penal Code and further, criminal court has already taken cognizance of the matter.

The matter of release of seized Securities reached Supreme Court and based on the order of Hon’ble Supreme

Court, the Securities were released to DCBL upon furnishing bank guarantee of ₹ 344 to the Trial Court.

The Group is fully confident that there is no loss to DCBL and hence, no provision is considered necessary in these financial

statements.

2.

During the year ended March 31, 2021, Dalmia Power Limited, subsidiary of the Group, has acquired the controlling stake in

DPVL Ventures LLP (DPVL Ventures) (formerly known as TVS Shriram Growth Fund 1B LLP) from its other Co-Partner. As a

result, DPVL Ventures has become step-down subsidiary of the Group w.e.f. April 14, 2020 and financial statements of DPVL

Ventures are consolidated w.e.f. April 14, 2020. Till April 13, 2020, the Group was holding 100 % interest in DPVL Ventures.

3.

During the earlier years, the Group had invested Rs. 10 in 9.50% Yes Bank Perpetual Bond, whose value had become Nil in

March 2020 due to Yes Bank Ltd. Reconstruction Scheme, 2020 dated March 6, 2020. On account of reconstruction scheme,

the Group had also fair valued the same at Nil value in the financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2020.:

letter of credit held against them.

(b) No trade or other receivable are due from directors or other officers of the Parent Company either severally or jointly with any

other person. Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and are generally on terms of 0 to 90 days credit period.

(c) Trade receivables are hypothecated against the secured borrowings of the Group as disclosed in note 19(i).

(d) For information on financial risk management objectives and policies, refer note 40.

At March 31, 2021, the Group had available ₹ 585 (March 31, 2020: ₹ 466) of undrawn committed borrowing facilities.

* Balances with current accounts include ₹ Nil (March 31, 2020: ₹ 0) lying in current account with a nationalised bank, to be

operated jointly by the authorised signatories of one of the unit of DCBL and OCL Iron and Steel Limited in respect of coal block

operations.

** Includes ₹ 1 (March 31, 2020 : ₹ 0), deposits kept with banks against bank guarantee given/ are pledged with various authorities

for margin money.

*** The Parent Company can utilise ₹ Nil (March 31, 2020: ₹ 113) only towards buy back of equity shares.

(iii) Cash and cash equivalents

Balances with banks :

- On current accounts *

173

100

- On cash credit

14

7

- On deposit accounts with original maturity of less than three months **/ ***

68

157

Cash on hand

0

0

Cheques on hand

3

2

258

266

For the purpose of the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise the

following:

Balances with banks :

- On current accounts

173

100

- On cash credit

14

7

- On deposit accounts with original maturity of less than three months

68

157

Cash on hand

0

0

Cheques on hand

3

2

258

266

Less: Book overdraft (refer note 19(iii))

(3)

-

255

266

FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2021

All amounts stated in ₹ are in ₹ Crore except wherever stated otherwise

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 9 - FINANCIAL ASSETS (CONTD.)

(Amount in ₹)

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

(iv) Bank balances other than (iii) above

Unpaid dividend accounts

5

4

Deposits with remaining maturity of less than 12 months */ **

48

133

Other bank balances ***

0

-

53

137

(v) Loans

(Unsecured considered good, unless otherwise stated)

Security deposits

- Unsecured, considered good

26

29

- Unsecured, considered doubtful

3

-

29

29

Less: Impairment allowance (allowance for doubtful advances)

(3)

-

26

29

Loans to a related party (refer note 37)

23

-

Loans and advances to employees

- Unsecured, considered good

10

9

- Unsecured, considered doubtful

0

0

10

9

Less: Impairment allowance (allowance for doubtful advances)

(0)

(0)

10

9

Loans to others

33

33

92

71

(vi) Other financial assets

(Unsecured considered good, unless otherwise stated)

Subsidies receivable

- Unsecured, considered good

580

597

- Unsecured, considered doubtful

2

0

582

597

- Less: Impairment allowance (allowance for doubtful receivable)

(2)

(0)

580

597

Interest receivable

- Unsecured, considered good */**

22

47

- Unsecured, considered doubtful

0

0

22

47

- Less: Impairment allowance (allowance for doubtful receivable)

(0)

(0)

22

47

Other financial assets

- Unsecured, considered good

13

11

- Unsecured, considered doubtful

0

0

13

11

- Less: Impairment allowance (allowance for doubtful receivable)

(0)

(0)

13

11

Derivative instruments at fair value through profit or loss

Foreign currency forward / option contracts ***

3

50

618

705

Short-term deposits are made for varying periods of between one day and twelve months, depending on the immediate cash

requirements of the Group, and earn interest at the respective short-term deposit rates ranging from 2.90% p.a. to 7.00% p.a.

(March 31, 2020 : 3.50% p.a. - 8.41% p.a.).

* Includes ₹ 7 (March 31, 2020: ₹ 20), deposits kept with banks against bank guarantee given / are pledged with various

authorities.

** includes ₹ 1 (March 31, 2020: Nil) relating to unclaimed amount with respect to redeemed preference shares.

*** Amount deposited with separate bank account towards cancelled equity shares of a step down subsidiary company acquired

as per approved Resolution Plan (refer note 59(a)).:

letter dated December 29, 2020 from Direcorate of Industries and Commerce, the terms of repayment of government

loan in one of the unit of the DCBL has been revised to single instalment instead of twelve instalments, after a period of 12 years

from the date of disbursement of each instalment. The revision in aforesaid repayment schedule has been adjusted prospectively

in deferred government grant with a correspoding change in deferred payment liabilities classified in borrowings under note 14(i)

above.

(Amount in ₹)

(Amount in ₹)

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

For mines reclamation liability (refer note 42)

61

53

For gratuity (refer note 31)

97

83

For post retirement medical benefit (refer note 31)

7

-

For contingencies (refer note 42)

3

4

For enterprise social commitment (refer note 42)

3

-

171

140

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

(i) Deferred capital investment subsidy (refer sub note (a) below)

At the beginning of the year

57

69

Released to the statement of profit and loss (refer note 2(viii))

(12)

(12)

Adjustment on account of short approval of subsidy claim

-

(0)

At the end of the year

45

57

(ii) Deferred export promotion capital goods (refer sub note (b) below)

At the beginning of the year

-

1

Accrual during the year

4

-

Released to the statement of profit and loss

-

(1)

At the end of the year

4

-

(iii) Deferred government grant (refer sub note (c) below)

At the beginning of the year

83

59

Accrual during the year

13

30

Adjustment during the year *

(12)

-

Released to the statement of profit and loss

(9)

(6)

At the end of the year

75

83

Total (i+ii+iii)

124

140

Non current

105

122

Current

19

18

Notes:

(a) The Group in the earlier years received grant towards capital investment as compensation for expenses or losses already

incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs. The grant is

recognised in statement of profit and loss on a systematic basis over the useful life of the assets.

(b) The Group has received grant to compensate the import cost of assets, and is subject to an export obligation as prescribed

in the EPCG scheme. The recognition of such grant is linked to fulfilment of the associated export obligations. At the year

end, the portion of grant for which the export obligation has not been met is retained in deferred revenue under “Government

grants”.

(c) The benefit of a government loan at below current market rate of interest is treated as a government grant. The loan is

recognised and measured in accordance with Ind AS 109. The benefit of the below market rate of interest/ interest free loans

is measured as the difference between the initial carrying value of the loan determined in accordance with Ind AS 109 (at fair

value) and the proceeds received. Government grant is recognised in the statement of profit and loss on a systematic basis

over the period of the loan during which the entity recognises as interest expense, the related costs for which the grants are

intended to compensate.:

Managing Director & CEO,

2.

Mr. Gautam Dalmia -: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

DIN: 00022633

Gautam Dalmia: Managing

