Managing Director’s Message

16

CEO’s Message

20

Executive Director’s Message

22

Value Creation Model

24

Strategic Priorities for Sustained

Value Creation

26

Stakeholder Engagement

28

Managing Material Matters

30

Managing Risks

32

Financial Capital

33

CFO’s Communique

38

Manufactured Capital

42

Human Capital

46

Intellectual Capital

48

Social and Relationship Capital

54

Natural Capital

56

Building Trust and Driving Value Creation with

Strong Governance

58

BOD Profiles

62

Awards & Accolades

64

Corporate Information

STATUTORY REPORTS

66

Management Discussion and Analysis

81

Notice

96

Directors’ Report

133 Corporate Governance Report

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Standalone

158 Independent Auditor’s Report

166 Balance Sheet

167 Statement of Profit and Loss

168 Cash Flow Statement

170 Statement of Changes in Equity

171 Notes forming part of the

Financial Statements

Consolidated

218 Independent Auditor’s Report

224 Balance Sheet

225 Statement of Profit and Loss

226 Cash Flow Statement

228 Statement of Changes in Equity

229 Notes forming part of the

Financial Statements

Investor Welfare Scheme

Forward-looking Statements

Certain statements in this Report relating to our business operations and prospects may

be forward-looking statements. These statements can be identified by usage of words

such as ‘believes’, ‘estimates’, ‘anticipates’, ‘expects’, ‘intends’, ‘may’, ‘will’, ‘plans’, ‘outlook’

and other words of similar meaning in connection with a discussion of future operating or

financial performance.

These forward-looking statements are dependent on assumptions, data or methods

that may be incorrect or imprecise and hence may be incapable of being realised. Such

statements do not guarantee future operating, financial and other results, but constitute

our current expectations based on reasonable assumptions. The Company’s actual results

could materially differ from those projected in any forward-looking statements due to

various future events, risks and uncertainties some of which are beyond our control. We do

not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as

a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

Fiftieth Annual General Meeting

Day & Date : Friday, July 30, 2021

Time : 11:30 A.M.

Through Video Conferencing/Other Audio Visual Means

Access a digital copy of this Report at:

https://50thAnnualIntegratedReport.godeepak.com

Scan the above QR code to read this

Report on your handheld device.:

Dear Stakeholders,

We are pleased to share our Fiftieth Annual

Report for Fiscal Year (FY) 2020-21. On the

back of marked success and excellence,

we have achieved a milestone of 50 years

supporting the Indian chemical industry.

Our journey has been transformational

from a small company in Vadodara with a

handful of products and employees into

an emerging conglomerate with over 4,700

employees and a comprehensive product

portfolio catering to multiple industries

globally. Having said that, our focus on

import substitution throughout this period

remains unaltered and we are proud to

serve the nation. This in true sense is the

fulfilment of ‘Atmanirbhar Bharat’.

I am glad we are on the right course

with the support and guidance of all our

stakeholders, investors, and employees.

This Golden Jubilee Year provided us a

platform to demonstrate our capabilities

and buoyancy amidst unprecedented

challenges. We lived to our reputation

and converted it into a landmark year,

delivering strong operating efficiency

which resulted in increased productivity

and profitability. Alongside, we undertook

calibrated expansion initiatives to set the

foundation for future growth.

OUTLOOk ON ThE WORLDWIDE

ECONOMY

FY 2020-21 was largely dominated by

the pandemic that hit economies

globally. However, the vaccine rollout

along with a reduced case load has

spurred optimism of the pandemic’s

end and a rebound in global economy.

Accommodative policies by major

economies further improve the outlook.

The International Monetary Fund (IMF)

forecasts the global economy to expand

at 5.5% in CY 2021 and 4.2% in CY 2022,

despite the high level of uncertainty.

Among the advanced economies, the

US and Japan are expected to restore to

end-CY 2019 activity levels by the second

half of CY 2021, while Eurozone and the UK

are expected to stay below end-CY 2019

levels into CY 2022. Among the Emerging

economies, China has indicated a rapid

rebound towards pre-pandemic levels of

growth and economic activity. Its output

is expected to grow 8.1% supported

by effective containment policies with

vigorous public investment response and

liquidity measures from the central bank.

Several countries, particularly low-income

developed economies, entered the crisis

with high debt levels, that are projected

to accelerate even further during the

pandemic. The international community

will need to keep working together to

ensure that these countries have enough

access to international liquidity.

For the Indian Economy, the growth

projections for FY 2021-22, have been

revised upwards to 11.5%, representing a

2.7 percentage point increase from

the previous estimates, indicating a

carryover from a stronger-than-expected

rebound in FY 2020-21. As a result,

India is the only major economy predicted

to grow in double digits amidst the

COVID-19 pandemic.

While the overall outlook remains positive,

one cannot rule out recurrence of the

pandemic through mutated variants, as

we witnessed in India in April and May.

This causes us to be cautiously optimistic

on the prospects for a sharp rebound in

economic growth and activity.

INDIA – A LUCRATIVE MARkET FOR ThE

ChEMICAL INDUSTRY

Despite the challenges, India is poised

to become a hub for global chemical

industry. Contributing 3% to global

Over the years, we have

significantly diversified our

portfolio, while enhancing

processes, strengthening

relationships, and introducing

sustainability strategies to

create shared value for all

stakeholders.

chemical industry, the country ranks 6th

globally in terms of chemical sales, 14th

in exports and 8th in imports. And this is

excluding pharmaceutical products. Over 2

million people are employed in the Indian

chemical industry and that serves as a key

enabler, to achieve the estimated market

size of USD 300 billion in Chemicals &

Petrochemicals in India by 2025.

The industry valued at USD 178 billion

in 2019, is projected to grow at a

compounded 9.3% to USD 304 billion by

2025. Factors like growing disposable

income, urbanisation and rural consumer

penetration and demand are likely to drive

this growth. Higher demand for Chemicals

and Petrochemicals is mainly driven by

shift in global supply chains towards Asia

as well as increased domestic demand. It

is estimated that chemical products worth

USD 111 billion could be produced by 2023

for domestic requirements.

For India, a thriving R&D ecosystem,

advantage of being a one-stop investment

and an alternative chemical destination,

production-linked incentive (PLI) scheme,

and focus on sustainable chemistry and

circular economy remain the key pillars

of its chemical industry roadmap. The

Government is also keen on enhancing

the industry’s competitiveness and its

share in manufacturing. Its 2034 vision

for the chemicals and petrochemicals

Corporate

overview

Statutory

reportS

CoNSoLIDateD

FINaNCIaL StatemeNtS

StaNDaLoNe

FINaNCIaL StatemeNtS

01-65

66-156

158-217

218-274

50th Annual Integrated Report 2020-21 13:

Managing Director

Corporate

overview

Statutory

reportS

CoNSoLIDateD

FINaNCIaL StatemeNtS

StaNDaLoNe

FINaNCIaL StatemeNtS

01-65

66-156

158-217

218-274

50th Annual Integrated Report 2020-21 15:

Dear Stakeholders and Well-wishers,

Deepak, in its 50th year of operations,

delivered a resilient performance amidst

challenges of an unprecedented nature

and scale. We placed utmost importance

on the health and safety of our associates,

their families and the communities in

which we operate. Of equal priority was

our commitment to customers and to the

nation to deliver products, some of which

assumed heightened importance during

the pandemic.

Despite losing a month’s production at

the start of the fiscal year, we reported

revenues of ` 4,382 Crores in FY 2020-21,

growing 3% on a year-on-year basis.

The growth was driven by strong

performance in the Phenolics and Fine

and Speciality Chemical businesses. Our

wide portfolio of products helped mitigate

lower sales in businesses whose demand

was impacted by the pandemic or the

oil crisis. We also delivered enhanced

profitability, reporting a 29% growth

in Profit before Tax to ` 1,042 Crores

in FY 2020-21, and thus surpassing the

milestone of ` 1,000 Crores. The financial

performance has been accompanied

by implementation of strategic initiatives

and growth plans, positioning us to be

able to set aspirational targets for the

coming years.

Over the last five decades, our product

portfolio and embedded process

expertise have served as role model for

addressing first domestic, and then global

opportunities. Looking forward, we would

continue adhering to the three P’s of

sustainable growth – People, Planet, and

Profit in that order – as we maintain focus

on value creation for all stakeholders.

FOCUSSING ON OUR PRIORITIES

The outbreak of the pandemic brought

with it high uncertainty given the limited

information on nature of the disease.

We swiftly moved our teams to work

from home to minimise risk. For those

employees who were required to be on site

to operate facilities, stringent processes

and protocols were implemented which

continued to be followed long after the

official gradual unlock. Medical and COVID

life coverage was expanded to cover

all employees and workers. Keeping in

mind the implicit hazard of chemical

manufacturing, safety of man and material

was given top priority.

Unfortunately, the country then witnessed

a devastating second wave of the

pandemic during which lockdowns were

implemented at state and territory levels

unlike the national lockdown earlier.

Taking note of lessons learnt from the

The ongoing challenges have

put our business model to

test, and so far, the results

have been encouraging,

and Deepak continues to

be a supplier of choice in all

industry segments.

Corporate

overview

Statutory

reportS

CoNSoLIDateD

FINaNCIaL StatemeNtS

StaNDaLoNe

FINaNCIaL StatemeNtS

01-65

66-156

158-217

218-274

50th Annual Integrated Report 2020-21 17:

Dear Stakeholders,

Over last five decades of the Company’s

operations, we have witnessed, various

facades of socio-economic rigmarole –

socialistic pattern of society including

public sector industries, regime of the

licences, India being signatory to the

WTO, commencement of economic

liberalisation followed by social

liberalisation, augmentation of a new

era when the country gradually started

embracing capitalism amidst various

global opportunity and debacle; probably

the most amasing discovery witnessed

by the World, the Internet. In this series

of phenomenon, the country’s socio-

economic warp & weft yarns have

witnessed transformational change.

The Company enjoys a

stable position on the

balance sheet front. It

has steadily reduced

debt in recent quarters

and has emerged

stronger through

the pandemic on the

back of the improved

financial position over

the last 12 months.

“

Corporate

overview

Statutory

reportS

CoNSoLIDateD

FINaNCIaL StatemeNtS

StaNDaLoNe

FINaNCIaL StatemeNtS

01-65

66-156

158-217

218-274

50th Annual Integrated Report 2020-21 33:

Managing Director

Shri Deepak C. Mehta is a Science Graduate from the University of Mumbai and is at

the helm of affair of Deepak Nitrite Limited for the last 49 years. His business acumen,

leadership skills and dynamism have enabled the Company to take swift strides forward

and achieve many milestones year-on-year.

An active participant at industry forums, he is the Chairman of Gujarat State Council –

The Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (‘FICCI’). He is also the

Chairman of National Chemicals Committee at FICCI. He has been the past President

of Indian Chemicals Council (‘ICC’) and was also the Chairman of various Committees

including Trade & Business Development Committee of ICC. Shri Mehta adorned the

position of member of ‘Task Force on Chemical Industry’ constituted by the Government

of India with an objective to put forward a strategy for increasing competitiveness for the

Indian Chemical Industry.

He is also Trustee on Deepak Foundation, the CSR arm of the Group as well as BAIF

Development Research Foundation, a voluntary organisation dedicated to Rural

Development, and Vadodara Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (VSPCA).

He is a Member on the Board of GSFC University and the past Chairman of Society for

Village Development in Petrochemicals Area (SVADES).

Shri Maulik D. Mehta

Executive Director & CEO

Shri Maulik D. Mehta is a Bachelor

of Business Administration from the

University of Liverpool, UK. He holds a

Masters in Industrial and Organisational

Psychology from Columbia University, USA.

Further, he was a part of Harvard Business

School’s prestigious Owner & President

Management Program.

Shri Maulik D. Mehta has held important

positions in the Company and has been

on the Board as Whole-time Director of

the Company since May 9, 2016. He has

around 13 years of experience in the areas

of Business Development and has been

responsible for the day-to-day business of

all the verticals of the Company along with

Group Strategy.

58 Deepak Nitrite Limited:

Managing Director of the Company

from December 1, 1989 till December

1, 2017. With extensive experience, a

comprehensive approach and industry

foresight, Shri Ajay C. Mehta has paved

the way for innovation and excellence at

Deepak Nitrite Limited.

He is presently a Non-Executive Director

in Deepak Nitrite Limited and a Managing

Director of Deepak Novochem Technologies

Limited. He is a member of the Executive

Committee of Mahratta Chamber of

Commerce, Industries and Agriculture and

various other developmental institutions

and social organisations.

Shri Sudhir Mankad

Independent Director

Shri Sudhir Mankad, IAS (Retd.) has

served in senior positions, both with the

Government of India and Government

of Gujarat.

He holds a Master’s degree in History

from the University of Delhi.

His last assignment was as Chief

Secretary, Government of Gujarat.

Additionally, he has served as a Director/

Chairman on the Board of several

cement, power, fertiliser and finance

companies.

He is associated with several educational

institutions and NGOs.

He served as a Director on the Central

Board of Reserve Bank of India from

2016-2020.

Board Committee memberships

Audit Committee

Stakeholder’s Relationship & Investors Grievance Committee

Nomination & Remuneration Committee

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

Risk Management Committee

Corporate

overview

Statutory

reportS

CoNSoLIDateD

FINaNCIaL StatemeNtS

StaNDaLoNe

FINaNCIaL StatemeNtS

01-65

66-156

158-217

218-274

50th Annual Integrated Report 2020-21 59:

Managing Director

Shri Maulik D. Mehta

Executive Director &

Chief Executive Officer

Shri Sanjay Upadhyay

Director-Finance &

Chief Financial Officer

Shri Ajay C. Mehta

Non-Executive Director

Dr. Richard h. Rupp

Independent Director

Shri Sudhir Mankad

Independent Director

Shri Sandesh kumar Anand

Non-Executive &

Non- Independent Director

Dr. Swaminathan Sivaram

Independent Director

Shri Sanjay Asher

Independent Director

Smt. Purvi Sheth

Independent Director

Shri Dileep Choksi

Independent Director

AUDIT COMMITTEE

Shri Dileep Choksi

Chairman

Shri Sudhir Mankad

Member

Shri Sandesh kumar Anand

Member

Shri Sanjay Asher

Member

STAkEhOLDER’S RELATIONShIP &

INVESTORS GRIEVANCES COMMITTEE

Shri Ajay C. Mehta

Chairman

Shri Sanjay Asher

Member

Shri Sanjay Upadhyay

Member

NOMINATION &

REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

Shri Sudhir Mankad

Chairman

Shri Sandesh kumar Anand

Member

Smt. Purvi Sheth

Member

CORPORATE SOCIAL

RESPONSIBILITY COMMITTEE

Shri Sudhir Mankad

Chairman

Dr. Swaminathan Sivaram

Member

Shri Deepak C. Mehta

Member

Shri Sanjay Upadhyay

Member

RISk MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE

Shri Deepak C. Mehta

Chairman

Shri Sandesh kumar Anand

Member

Shri Sanjay Upadhyay

Member

Shri Maulik D. Mehta

Member

Dr. Swaminathan Sivaram

Member

64 Deepak Nitrite Limited:

letter etc. with attested

specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who

are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to dinesh.

joshi@kanjcs.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in.

2.

It is strongly recommended not to share your password with

any other person and take utmost care to keep your password

confidential. Login to the e-Voting website will be disabled

upon five (5) unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct

password. In such an event, you will need to go through

the ‘Forgot User Details/Password?’ or ‘Physical User Reset

Password?’ option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset

the password.

3.

In case of any queries, you may refer to the Frequently

Asked Questions (FAQs) for shareholders and e-Voting user

manual for shareholders available in the download section

of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on the toll-free number: 1800

1020 990 /1800 224 430, or send a request to evoting@nsdl.

co.in, or contact Mr. Amit Vishal, Senior Manager, or Ms. Pallavi

Mhatre, Manager, National Securities Depository Ltd., at

the designated email IDs: evoting@nsdl.co.in to get your

grievances on e-Voting addressed.

INFORMATION AT A GLANCE

Particulars

Details

Time and date of AGM

11:30 A.M. IST, Friday, July 30, 2021

Mode

Video Conference and Other Audio-Visual Means

Participation through video-conferencing and e-voting

https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/

Helpline number for VC participation

1800-222-990

Information of tax on Final dividend & Special dividend 2020-21

https://www.godeepak.com/Investors/

Final dividend & Special dividend Book Closure date

Friday, July 23, 2021 to Friday, July 30, 2021 (both days inclusive)

Final dividend & Special dividend payment date

Within 30 days from the date of their declaration

Cut-off date for e-Voting

Friday, July 23, 2021

e-Voting start time and date

Tuesday, July 27, 2021 (9:00 A.M. IST)

e-Voting end time and date

Thursday, July 29, 2021 (5:00 P.M. IST)

Name, address and contact details of e-voting service provider

National Securities Depository Limited,

4th Floor, A Wing, Trade World, Kamala Mills Compound, Senapati

Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai 400013, India

Contact details:

Mr. Amit Vishal, Senior Manager

Ms. Pallavi Mhatre, Manager

Email ID: evoting@nsdl.co.in;

Contact number: 1800 1020 990 / 1800 224 430

Name, address and contact details of Registrar and Transfer Agent

Link Intime India Private Limited

B 102-103, Shangrila Complex, Opp. HDFC Bank,

Radha Krishna char Rasta, Akota, Vadodara:

letter authorizing its

representative to attend the AGM through VC.

Step 3:

Click ‘Enter’ to join the virtual AGM

Step 4:

Members can post questions either through chat or the video feature available in the VC. Members can exercise these options once

the floor is open for shareholder queries.

Step 5:

Members who have not cast their vote on the resolutions through remote e-voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so,

shall be eligible to vote through the e-voting system during the AGM by following the ‘Instructions for e-Voting’.

GENERAL GuIDELINEs FOR VC PARTICIPATION

i.

Members may note that the 50th Annual General Meeting of the

Company will be convened through VC in compliance with the

applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, read with

the Circulars. The facility to attend the AGM through VC will be

provided by the Company through NSDL. Members may access

the same at https://www.evoting.nsdl.com.

ii.

Members will be provided with a facility to attend the AGM

through VC/OAVM through the NSDL e-Voting system. Members

may access by following the steps mentioned above for Access

to NSDL e-Voting system.

iii.

After successful login, you can see link of “VC/OAVM link” placed

under ‘Join General meeting’ menu against Company name.

You are requested to click on VC/OAVM link placed under Join

General Meeting menu. The link for VC/OAVM will be available

in Shareholder/Member login where the EVEN of Company will

be displayed.

iv.

Please note that the Members who do not have the User ID

and Password for e-Voting or have forgotten the User ID and

Password may retrieve the same by following the remote

e-Voting instructions mentioned in the notice to avoid last

minute rush.

v.

The Members can join the AGM in the VC/OAVM mode 30

minutes before the scheduled time of the commencement

of the Meeting by following the procedure mentioned in the

Notice. The facility of participation at the AGM through VC/

OAVM will be made available for 1,000 Members on first come

first served basis. This will not include large Shareholders

(Shareholders holding 2% or more shareholding), Promoters,

Institutional Investors, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel,

the Chairpersons of the Audit Committee, Nomination and

Remuneration Committee and Stakeholders Relationship

Committee, Auditors etc. who are allowed to attend the AGM

without restriction on account of first come first serve basis.

vi.

The Company reserves the right to limit the number of

Members asking questions depending on the availability of

time at the AGM.

vii.

Members can participate in the AGM through their desktops /

smartphones / laptops etc. However, for better experience and

smooth participation, it is advisable to join the meeting through

desktops / laptops with high-speed internet connectivity.

viii. Please note that participants connecting from mobile

devices or tablets, or through laptops via mobile hotspot

may experience audio / video loss due to fluctuation in

their respective networks. It is therefore recommended to

use a stable Wi-Fi or LAN connection to mitigate any of the

aforementioned glitches.

ix.

Members will be required to allow Camera and use Internet

with a good speed to avoid any disturbance during the

meeting.:

Managing Director and Nephew of Shri Ajay C. Mehta,

Non-Executive Non-Independent Director of the Company

Remuneration received from the

Company in the Financial Year 2020-21

₹ 2.60 Crores

Terms and conditions of appointment

/ re-appointment along with details of

remuneration sought to be paid

As detailed in the Explanatory Statement to Item No. 5 to this Notice.

Date of first appointment on the Board

May 9, 2016

The number of Meetings of the Board

attended during the Financial Year

2020-21 / during the tenure of their

appointment.

No. of Board Meetings held

Board Meetings Attended

4

4

Annexure – I to the Notice:

Letter of Appointment dated June 28, 2019.

Date of first appointment on the Board May 27, 2008

The number of Meetings of the Board

attended during the Financial Year

2020-21 / during the tenure of their

appointment.

No. of Board Meetings held

Board Meetings Attended

4

4

By Order of the Board of Directors

Place : Vadodara

Date : May 5, 2021

Arvind Bajpai

Company Secretary

Membership No.: FCS 6713

Registered Office:

Aaditya-I, Chhani Road

Vadodara – 390 024, Gujarat

Tel: +91-265-2765200, 396 020

Fax: +91-265-2765344

Email: investor@godeepak.com

Website: www.godeepak.com

CIN: L24110GJ1970PLC001735:

Dear Shareholders,

Your Directors have pleasure in presenting the Fiftieth Annual Report and maiden Integrated Report of Deepak Nitrite Limited (‘your

Company’ or ‘the Company’) along with the Audited Financial Statements for the Financial Year (‘FY’) ended March 31, 2021. The consolidated

performance of the Company and its subsidiaries has been referred to wherever required.

FINANCIAL REsuLTs

Your Company’s financial performance for the year ended March 31, 2021 is summarized below:

(₹ in Crores)

Particulars

standalone

Consolidated

2020-21

2019-20

2020-21

2019-20

Total Revenue (Gross)

1,822.68

2,237.24

4,381.27

4,264.91

Operating Profit Before Depreciation, Finance Cost, Exceptional Item and Tax

(EBITDA)

549.61

804.28

1,268.55

1,061.00

Less: Depreciation and Amortization expenses

66.88

77.93

152.63

139.73

Less: Finance Costs

4.12

20.32

74.20

114.87

Profit Before Tax

478.61

706.03

1,041.72

806.40

Less: Tax Expenses

123.89

161.99

265.91

195.37

Net Profit for the year

354.72

544.04

775.81

611.03

Other Comprehensive Income

(1.30)

(3.66)

(1.07)

(3.80)

Total Comprehensive income for the year

353.42

540.38

774.74

607.23

Surplus brought forward from previous year

934.73

511.26

1,015.31

525.01

Balance available for Appropriation

1,288.07

1,051.62

1,789.97

1,184.97

Directors’ Report

The year started with COVID-19 pandemic as a global challenge,

creating disruption across the world. The physical and emotional

wellbeing of employees continues to be a top priority for the

Company, with several initiatives to support employees and their

families during the pandemic. In April, 2020, the Company decided

that it would prioritize both lives and livelihoods and ensured that

all its locations operated with the highest attention to man and

material safety. The Company also has taken up the responsibility of

vaccinating all its employees and spouses and will continue to look

for opportunities to provide succour to the families that depend

on it. Your Company, in partnership with Deepak Foundation has

strengthened Covid care centres at three locations and supported

in setting up 130 beds dedicated for Covid, purchased oxygen

PSA plants to be deployed at nearby facilities and has taken other

appropriate measures. The Company also expanded COVID medical

and life insurance coverage for all its employees.

PERFORMANCE REVIEw

standalone

During FY 2020-21 the Company delivered a solid performance

in the backdrop of a challenging macro-economic environment,

despite losing one month of production during the year due

to nationwide lockdown. The Company's diverse product line

and operational excellence continues to be stronghold against

widespread uncertainties. Amidst the severity of the second wave,

the Company continues to function at a high level of efficiency

and make progress on various growth initiatives, while adhering to

Government directives, local guidelines and safety protocols across

all its facilities. The Company has either maintained or increased

market share across products. Your Company has demonstrated

resilience in its business performance to close the year with y-o-y

growth in its Strategic Business Units (‘SBUs’).

Total Revenue, including Other Income, in FY 2020-21 was ₹ 1,822.68

Crores compared to ₹ 2,237.24 Crores in FY 2019-20 and EBITDA in FY

2020-21 was at ₹ 549.61 Crores as against ₹ 804.28 Crores reported in

the previous year. Profit Before Tax (‘PBT’) came in at ₹ 478.61 Crores

as compared to ₹ 706.03 Crores in FY 2019-20. Profit After Tax (‘PAT’)

stood at ₹ 354.72 Crores as compared to ₹ 544.04 Crores in FY 2019-20.

Due to the uncertainties in external environments, the best

option for the Company was to become more nimble-footed. The

Company paid very close attention to internal processes of people

management, supply chain and operations and worked to maximize

productivity wherever possible. The Company gained value from

these focused efforts in terms of optimizing product mix particularly

in the Fine & Speciality Chemicals SBU. As always, the wide range of

your Company’s products helped it to overcome some businesses:

Managing Director, Shri Maulik D. Mehta,

Executive Director & CEO, Shri Sanjay Upadhyay, Director - Finance

& CFO and Shri Arvind Bajpai, Company Secretary & Compliance

Officer are the Key Managerial Personnel of the Company as on

March 31, 2021. Except retirement of Shri Umesh Asaikar from the

position of Executive Director & CEO as mentioned above, there has

been no change in the Key Managerial Personnel of the Company

during the year ended March 31, 2021.

Shri Deepak C. Mehta is also the Chairman &: Managing Director of

the Company’s wholly owned subsidiary, Deepak Phenolics Limited

(‘DPL’). As per the terms of his appointment, he is entitled to receive

remuneration from DPL by way of commission on net profits of

DPL calculated in accordance with the provisions of Section 198 of

the Act. The aggregate remuneration of Shri Deepak C. Mehta from

the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary shall always be in

accordance with Section V of Part II of Schedule V to the Act.

NuMBER OF MEETINGs OF THE BOARD

During FY 2020-21, four (4) meetings of Board of Directors of the

Company were held. For details of meetings of the Board of Directors

with regard to the dates and attendance of each of the Directors

thereat, please refer to the Corporate Governance Report, which is

a part of this Report.

BOARD EVALuATION

The Board of Directors has carried out an annual evaluation of its

own performance that of, Board Committees, and of individual

Directors pursuant to the provisions of the Act and SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ('SEBI

Listing Regulations').

The performance of the Board was evaluated by the Board after

seeking inputs from all the Directors on the basis of criteria such

as the board composition and structure, effectiveness of board

processes, information and functioning, etc.

The performance of the respective Committees were evaluated

by the Board after seeking inputs from the Committee members

on the basis of criteria such as the composition of Committees,

effectiveness of Committee meetings, etc.

The above criteria are as per the Performance Evaluation Policy

of the Company approved by the Board of Directors upon the

recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration Committee.

As required under Regulation 25 of the Listing Regulations, a separate

meeting of the Independent Directors of the Company was also held

on March 16, 2021 to evaluate the performance of the

letter October 14, 2020, has recognized the Company’s in-house

R&D facilities for a further period of extension up to March 30, 2023.

The R&D center at Nandesari focuses on the innovation of

new compounds to substitute imports of pharmaceutical and

agrochemical intermediates, innovation and development of

speciality chemicals and personal care intermediates and value-

added products from by-products.

The Company’s R&D efforts are focused on process development of

new and existing molecules. It is your Company’s constant endeavor

to develop cost effective sustainable, cutting edge technologies for

manufacturing of chemicals. Considerable attention is also paid to

develop processes which will have minimal environment impact.

The Company is in the process of developing different technology

platforms for efficient manufacturing of chemicals, which will make

the Company a reliable partner of choice for sustainable supply.

Substantial efforts are made to develop new product applications,

which meets customer demands.

sAFETy, HEALTH & ENVIRONMENT

Your Company is committed to ensure a sound Safety, Health and

Environment (‘SHE’) performance related to its activities, products

and services. It is continuously taking various steps to develop and

adopt Safer Process technologies and unit operations.

The Company is investing in areas such as Process Automation for

increased safety and reduction of human error element, Enhanced

level of training on Process and Behaviour based safety, adoption

of safe & environmental friendly production process, upgrading

effluent treatment facilities, Reverse Osmosis plants, Multiple Effect

Evaporator etc to reduce the discharge of effluents, commissioning

of Waste Heat recovery systems, and so on to ensure the Reduction,

Recovery and Reuse of effluents & other utilities. SHE Management

System is monitored and reviewed periodically. Structured & regular

safety meetings are carried out to Review Existing Process Safety

Parameters.

Systematic and well documented scale up procedure is in place for

the development of product from R&D to Pilot to Commercial Scale.

It includes risk assessment and process safety study at each stage to

ensure inherently safe processes.

The Company has policy and system in place to deploy

internationally recognized guidelines, such as the principles of

the United Nations’ Global Compact, the International Labour

Organization (“ILO”) conventions and Responsible Care® Initiative. It

has system in place to ensure social compliances related to human

rights, labour & social standards, anti-discrimination, conflict of

interest and anti-corruption. This is being audited by third party as a

part of Together for Sustainability (“TfS”) system.

Health and Safety remained a core area of importance for the

Company with an aim to achieve accident-free workplace. Your

Company believes that all injuries, occupational illnesses as well as

safety and environmental incidents are preventable. This ensures

that all employees strive for excellence in their own personal safety

and the safety of others including employees, contractors, customers,

and the communities within which the Company operates.:

Managing Director

(DIN: 00028377):

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion

on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the

contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records.

We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and

happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of

management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with

which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

7.

Due to COVID-19 outbreak and Lockdown situation, this Report has been issued relying on the certificate, information, details, data,

documents and explanation provided by the Company and its officers, agents and authorized representatives and Registrar and Transfer

Agent in electronic form, without physically verifying at their office.

For KANJ & CO. LLP

Company Secretaries

Dinesh joshi

Designated Partner

Date: May 5, 2021

Place: Pune

Membership No.:3752

CP No.:2246

UDIN: F003752C000246082:

Managing Director, the Executive Director & CEO, the Director - Finance & CFO review the Business Responsibility

performance of the Company during the monthly review meetings. The action points that emerge from the discussions at these

meetings are recorded, implemented wherever necessary and reviewed in the subsequent meetings. Besides, the CSR Committee

of the Board reviews the social performance of the Company on yearly basis.

b.

Does the Company publish a BR or a sustainability Report? what is the hyperlink for viewing this report? How

frequently it is published?

The Business Responsibility Report forms part of the Directors’ Report. The Report can be viewed on the website of the Company

www.godeepak.com.:

Managing Director

Date: May 5, 2021

(DIN: 00028377):

Managing Director

(DIN: 00028377)

sudhir Mankad

Chairman of CSR Committee

(DIN: 00086077):

Managing Director

(DIN: 00028377)

sudhir Mankad

Chairman of CSR Committee

(DIN: 00086077):

Managing Director.

(viii) “Financial year” shall mean the period ending on the

31st day of March every year.

(ix)

“Independent Director” shall mean a Director

referred to in Section 149 (6) of the Act read with the

Listing Regulations.

(x)

“Key Managerial Personnel” or “KMP” shall have the

meaning ascribed to it in the Act.

(xi)

“Listing Regulations” shall mean Securities and

Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as amended

from time to time and for the time being in force.

(xii)

“: Managing

Managing Director / Executive Director who

has attained the age of seventy years. Provided that the term

of the person holding this position may be extended beyond

the age of seventy years with the approval of shareholders

by passing a special resolution based on the explanatory

statement annexed to the notice for such motion indicating

the justification for such appointment.

7.4. The appointment as recommended by the Committee to the

Board shall be subject to the approval of the Board.

7.5. Criteria for appointment of Independent Director:

7.5.1. The proposed appointee shall comply with the criteria

specified in the relevant provisions of the Act and/or

the Listing Regulations. He or she shall not, directly or

indirectly, represent the interest of any specific vendor

or customer or stakeholder and shall have business

reputation and strong ethical standards and possess

leadership skills and business experience including

board procedures.

7.5.2. The Independent Director shall fulfill the qualification

and requirements specified under the Act and Listing

Regulations.:

Managing Director /

Executive Director:

7.6.1. The Company can have more than one Managing

Director or Executive Director.

7.6.2. The appointee(s) shall have good educational

background, preferably with specialization in the field.

He shall have exemplary skills and leadership qualities

to lead the Company or as the case may be the function

assigned to him.

7.6.3. Depending on the role and responsibility, he shall have

hands on experience in the relevant filed. For example

as ED (Operations) is expected to have adequate

knowledge and experience about the plant operations

and related issues. The suitability of the candidate

shall be determined on a case to case basis by the

Committee. Being a Director of the Company, Managing

Director / Executive Director shall adhere to the Code of

Conduct stipulated for the Director.

7.6.4. He shall fulfill the conditions as specified under Part I of

Schedule V of the Act. However, in case the conditions

specified under Part I of Schedule V of the Act is not

fulfilled, such appointments shall be subject to the

approval of the Central Government.

7.7. Criteria for appointment of KMPs:

7.7.1. Pursuant to the requirement of Section 203 of the

Act, the Company is required to appoint a Managing

Director / Manager / Chief Executive Officer and in their

absence an Executive Director as Whole Time KMP.

7.7.2. The Company may also appoint a Chief Executive

Officer (CEO) who may or may not be a Director. The

qualification, experience and stature of the CEO could

be in line with that of the Executive Director. Where the

CEO is designated as KMP, he shall act subject to the

superintendence and control of the Board.

7.7.3. The Company is also required to appoint a Chief

Financial Officer (CFO) as KMP as per the requirement

of the Act. The CFO shall preferably be a Chartered

Accountant or a Cost & Management Accountant or

holds an equivalent qualification and have relevant

work experience. He shall be well versed with finance

function including but not limited to funding, taxation,

forex and other core matters. As required under the

Listing Regulations, the appointment of CFO shall be

subject to approval of the Audit Committee.

7.7.4. As required under the said Section of the Act, a Company

Secretary (CS) is also required to be appointed by the

Company as a KMP. The CS shall have the prescribed

qualification and requisite experience to discharge the

duties specified in law and as may be assigned by the

Board /: Managing

Managing Director:

8.1.1. The remuneration comprising of salary, allowance,

perquisites and other benefits payable to Managing

Director will be determined by the Committee and

recommended to the Board for approval.

8.1.2. In addition to the remuneration as stated in 8.1.1.

above,: Managing

Managing Director shall be as per the statutory

provisions of the Act and the rules made thereunder

for the time being in force and shall be subject to the

approval of the shareholders of the Company and

Central Government, wherever required.

8.1.5. The remuneration / commission payable to Managing

Director shall be reviewed by the Board after close of

each Financial Year, and based on the Profits made by

the Company in that Financial Year,: Managing Director

shall be paid such enhanced remuneration as the

Board may decide subject to the ceiling limits specified

in Section 197 and other applicable provisions of the

Act read with Schedule V of the Act.

8.1.6. The Managing Director shall not be entitled to sitting

fees for attending the meetings of the Board or any

Committee thereof.

8.2. Remuneration to Executive Director:

8.2.1. Fixed Pay

(a)

Executive Director shall be eligible for a monthly

remuneration as may be approved by the Board

on the recommendation of the Committee in

accordance with the provisions of the Act and

rules made thereunder for the time being in

force.

(b)

The Fixed Pay of Executive Director shall

comprise of salary, perquisites, allowances and

other benefits. The perquisites, allowances and

other benefits to the Executive Director shall

include but not be limited to the following:

(i)

Re-imbursement of medical expenses

incurred for self and members of his family,

as per policy of the Company.

(ii)

Leave travel concession for self and

members of his family, as per policy of the

Company.

(iii)

Medical and other insurances, as per

policy of the Company.

(iv)

Company Car with Driver.

(v)

Company’s contribution to provident fund,

superannuation fund or annuity fund,

gratuity and encashment of leave, as per

the policy of the Company.

(vi)

Retirement and other benefits, as per

policy of the Company.

(vii)

Hardship Allowance as applicable in

accordance with the policy of the Company.

(c)

The break-up of the pay scale and quantum of

perquisites including, employer’s contribution

to P.F, pension scheme, medical expenses etc.

shall be decided and approved by the Board

on the recommendation of the Committee

and approved by the shareholders and Central

Government, wherever required.

8.2.2. Variable Pay

In addition to the salary, perquisites, allowances

and other benefits as mentioned above, Executive

Director will also be entitled to a Variable Pay by way

of Performance Linked Incentive. This amount shall

be paid annually after the end of each Financial Year.

The Performance Linked Incentive shall be in the range

of 0% to 20% of cost to the Company, which will be

entirely based on the individual’s performance and

Company’s performance as per policy of the Company.

8.2.3.Loyalty Bonus

In addition to the above, Executive Director shall also

be entitled for the Loyalty Bonus as per policy of the

Company.

8.2.4. Payment of Variable component / Increments

(a)

Payment

of

Variable

component

of

the

remuneration of the Executive Director for

a particular Financial Year and increments

to the existing remuneration structure of

Executive Director shall be recommended

by the

Managing Director(s) and Executive Director(s) in

accordance with the provisions of Schedule V of the Act and if

it is not able to comply with such provisions, with the previous

approval of the Central Government.

8.4. Remuneration to Independent Director and Directors

other than: Managing Director/ Executive Director:

8.4.1. sitting Fees

The Independent Director / Directors other than

Managing Director and Executive Director may receive

remuneration by way of fees for attending meetings of

Board or Committee thereof.

Provided that the amount of such fees shall not exceed

the maximum amount as provided in the Act, per

meeting of the Board or Committee or such amount

as may be prescribed by the Central Government from

time to time.

The Sitting Fee paid to Independent Directors, shall not

be less than the Sitting Fees payable to other Directors.

8.4.2. Commission on the Net Profits

Apart from receiving the Sitting Fees, Independent

Director(s) / Non-Independent Director(s) may be

paid Commission on the Net Profits of the Company

for a particular Financial Year within the monetary

limit approved by shareholders, subject to the limit

not exceeding 1% of the Net Profits of the Company

computed as per the applicable provisions of the

Act. The amount of Commission payable to each

Independent Director / Non-Independent Director

for a particular Financial Year shall be decided by the

Managing Director /

Executive Director.

8.6.6. Hardship Allowance and Loyalty Bonus

In addition to the above, KMP and Senior Management

employees shall also be entitled for the Hardship

Allowance and Loyalty Bonus as per policy of the

Company.

8.7. The remuneration to other employees of the Company shall

be governed by DNL HR Policy.

8.8

Loans and Advances to Employees

(a)

The Loan, advance and other financial assistance

facilities to the employees shall be governed by the

DNL HR policy as amended from time to time and shall

be considered as a part of ‘conditions of service’ for

employees of the Company.

(b)

Advances to the employees for the purpose of

performance of his duties shall be governed by the

DNL HR Policy as amended from time to time and shall

be considered as a part of ‘conditions of service’ for

employees of the Company.

9.

BOARD DIVERsITy

9.1. The Board of Directors shall have the optimum combination

of Directors from the different areas / fields like operations,

projects, production, management, quality assurance,

finance,

legal,

sales

and

marketing,

research

and

development, Human Resources etc. or as may be considered

appropriate.

9.2. The Board shall have at least one Director who has accounting

or related financial management expertise.

10. DIsCLOsuRE

This Policy shall be disclosed in the Board’s Report.

11. REVIEw OF THE POLICy

This Policy shall be reviewed by the Committee after every

three years.

12. AMENDMENTs TO THE POLICy

The Board of Directors on its own and / or as per the

recommendations

of

Nomination

and

Remuneration

Committee can amend this Policy, as and when deemed fit.

In case of any amendment(s), clarification(s), circular(s) etc.

issued by the competent authorities, not being consistent

with the provisions laid down under this Policy, then such

amendment(s), clarification(s), circular(s) etc. shall prevail

upon the provisions hereunder and this Policy shall stand

amended accordingly from the effective date as laid down

under such amendment(s), clarification(s), circular(s) etc.

For and on behalf of the Board

DEEPAK C. MEHTA

Place : Vadodara

Date : May 5, 2021

Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

6.94

(50.14)

138.80

Shri Sanjay Upadhyay, Director-Finance & CFO

3.59

15.08

70.20

Shri Maulik D. Mehta, Executive Director & CEO

2.60

69.80

50.60

Shri Ajay C. Mehta, Non-Executive Director

0.10

NA

NA

Shri Umesh Asaikar, Executive Director & CEO1

1.29@

NA

NA

Dr. Richard H. Rupp, Independent Director

0.45

50.00

9.00

Shri Sudhir Mankad, Independent Director

0.20

33.33

4.00

Shri Sandesh Kumar Anand, Non-Executive & Non Independent Director

0.20

(66.67)

4.00

Dr. Swaminathan Sivaram, Independent Director

0.15

25.00

3.00

Shri Sanjay Asher, Independent Director

0.15

0.00

3.00

Smt. Purvi Sheth, Independent Director

0.15

114.29

3.00

Shri Dileep Choksi, Independent Director

0.15

NA

NA

Shri Arvind Bajpai, Company Secretary

0.65

16.07

0.56

* Excluding sitting fees.

# Excluding Special Incentive of one time in nature.

1 The term of Shri Umesh Asaikar as Executive Director & CEO expired on May 31, 2020.

@ Excluding encashment of accumulated leaves.

Notes:

1.

In the Financial Year 2020-21, there was an increase of 4.46% in the median remuneration of employees.

2.

There were 1,532 permanent employees on the rolls of the Company as on March 31, 2021.

3.

Average Percentile increase already made in the salaries of employees other than Managerial Personnel in the last Financial Year

was 10 % and average percentile increase in remuneration of Managerial Personnel was 11.58%.

Shri Deepak C. Mehta, Chairman &: Managing Director of the Company is also

Managing Director

Date : May 5, 2021

(DIN: 00028377):

Managing Director

Shri Maulik D. Mehta1

Executive Director & CEO

03

27.27%

Executive

Director

Shri Sanjay Upadhyay

Director - Finance & CFO

Non-

Executive

& Non-

Independent

Directors

Shri Ajay C. Mehta

Promoter-Non-Executive

Shri Sandesh Kumar Anand2

Non-Executive & Non-

Independent

02

18.18%

Independent

Directors

Dr. Richard H. Rupp

Shri Sudhir Mankad

Dr. Swaminathan Sivaram

Shri Sanjay Asher

Smt. Purvi Sheth

Shri Dileep Choksi

06

54.55%

Total No. of Directors

11

100%

1.

Shri Maulik D. Mehta was elevated as the Executive Director & CEO w.e.f. June 1,

2020 after the retirement of Shri Umesh Asaikar post completion of his term on

May 31, 2020.

2.

Shri Sandesh Kumar Anand ceased to be an Independent Director of the

Company w.e.f. November 1, 2020 and continued as Non-Executive & Non-

Independent Director of the Company.

During the year ended March 31, 2021, following are the changes in

the Board of the Company:

(1)

The term of Shri Umesh Asaikar as Executive Director & CEO

expired on May 31, 2020 and Shri Maulik D. Mehta was elevated

as Executive Director & CEO with effect from June 1, 2020.

(2)

Shri Sandesh Kumar Anand ceased to be an Independent

Director of the Company w.e.f. November 1, 2020 and

continued as Non-Executive & Non-Independent Director of

the Company.

(ii) Board Meetings

During the Financial Year 2020-21, Four (4) Board Meetings

were held on May 26, 2020, August 6, 2020, October 30, 2020

and February 12, 2021. Due to the exceptional circumstances:

Managing Director

Shri Sanjay Upadhyay

Deepak Nitrite Limited

Director - Finance & CFO

Shri Maulik D. Mehta

Deepak Nitrite Limited

Executive Director & CEO

Shri Ajay C. Mehta

Deepak Nitrite Limited

Non-Executive Director

Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited

Independent Director

Dr. Richard H. Rupp

Deepak Nitrite Limited

Independent Director

Shri Sudhir Mankad

Deepak Nitrite Limited

Independent Director

Navin Fluorine International Limited

Independent Director

Swaraj Engines Limited

Non-Executive Director

Shri Sandesh Kumar Anand

Deepak Nitrite Limited

Non-Executive Director

Dr. Swaminathan Sivaram

Deepak Nitrite Limited

Independent Director

Supreme Petrochem Limited

Independent Director

Asian Paints Limited

Independent Director

GMM Pfaudler Limited

Independent Director

Apcotex Industries Limited

Independent Director

Shri Sanjay Asher

Deepak Nitrite Limited

Independent Director

Repro India Limited

Independent Director

Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited

Independent Director

Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited

Independent Director

Ashok Leyland Limited

Independent Director

Indusind Bank Limited

Independent Director

Sonata Software Limited

Additional Director

Smt. Purvi Sheth

Deepak Nitrite Limited

Independent Director

Shri Dileep Choksi

Deepak Nitrite Limited

Independent Director

Arvind Limited

Independent Director

AIA Engineering Limited

Independent Director

Swaraj Engines Limited

Independent Director

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited

Independent Director

As per the requirement of Regulation 24(1) of Listing Regulations, Shri Sanjay Asher, Independent Director, is also on the Board of

unlisted material subsidiary, Deepak Phenolics Limited.

(iii) Board Procedure

The Board of Directors meets regularly to review strategic,

operational and financial matters and has a formal schedule

of matters reserved for its decision. It approves the interim and

preliminary financial statements, budget, the annual financial

plan, and capital investment along with strategic decisions.

With an objective to ensure maximum presence of Independent

Directors in the Board Meeting, dates of the Board Meeting are

fixed in advance after consultation with individual Directors

and consideration of their convenience. The Agenda and

explanatory notes are circulated to the Directors at least

seven days before the meeting. Wherever it is not practicable

to attach any document to the Agenda, the same is tabled

before the Meeting with specific reference to this effect in the

Agenda. The Agenda and related information are circulated

in electronic form and also through a highly secured web-

based application, which is available to the Board members

through tablet/laptop. In case of a special and urgent business

needs, the Board’s approval is taken by passing resolutions by

circulation, as permitted by law, which is noted and confirmed

at the subsequent Board Meeting.

The information as required under Part A of Schedule II to

the Listing Regulations is also made available to the Board,

wherever applicable, for their consideration. The Board also

reviews the declarations made by the Chairman & Managing

Director, Executive Director & CEO, Director - Finance & CFO:

Managing Director and Shri

Ajay C. Mehta, Non-Executive Director of the Company are

brothers. Shri Maulik D. Mehta Executive Director & CEO is son

of Shri Deepak C. Mehta, Chairman &: Managing Director and

nephew of Shri Ajay C. Mehta, Non-Executive Director of the

Company.

No other Director of the Company is having relationship with

any other Director.

(v) Independent Directors

The selection of eminent people for appointment as

Independent Directors on the Board is considered by the

Nomination and Remuneration Committee. The Committee,

inter alia, considers qualification, positive attributes, area of

expertise and number of directorships and memberships held

in various committees of other companies by such person

and recommend the same to the Board. The Board considers

the Committee’s recommendation and takes appropriate

decision. Formal letters of appointment have been issued to

the Independent Directors and the terms and conditions of

their appointment are disclosed on the Company’s website at

www.godeepak.com.

(vi) separate Meeting of Independent Directors

During the year under review, the Independent Directors met

on March 16, 2021, as required under Schedule IV to the Act

(Code for Independent Directors) and Regulation 25 (3) of the

Listing Regulations, inter alia, to discuss:

(a)

Evaluation of the performance of Non-Independent

Directors and the Board of Directors as a whole;

(b)

Evaluation of the performance of the

Managing Director/Whole-

time Director.

2)

To specify the manner for effective evaluation

of performance of Board, its Committee and

individual Directors;

3)

Devising a policy on diversity of Boards of Directors;

4)

Identifying persons who are qualified to become

Directors and who may be appointed as KMP or

one level below Chief Executive Officer/Managing

Director/Whole-time Director. in accordance with

the criteria laid down, and recommend to the

Board their appointment and removal;

5)

Whether to extend or continue the term of

appointment of the Independent Directors, on the

basis of the report of performance evaluation of

Independent Directors;

6)

To recommend to the Board, all remuneration, in

whatever form, payable to KMPs and employees

one level below Chief Executive Officer/Managing

Director/Whole-time Director. and

7)

Such other terms as may be required under the Act

or the Listing Regulations.

The Committee recommends remuneration package of

Executive Directors to the Board by reference to individual

performance, experience and market conditions with

a view to provide a remuneration package which is

appropriate for the responsibilities involved. In reviewing

the overall remuneration of the Directors. Key Managerial

Personnel and one level below Chief Executive Officer/: Managing

Managing Director

Shri Sanjay

Upadhyay1

Member

Director-Finance

& CFO

1.

Shri Sanjay Upadhyay was inducted as a member of the Committee

w.e.f. June 1, 2020.

(ii) Terms of Reference

The terms of reference of Corporate Social Responsibility

Committee are as under:

1)

To formulate and recommend to the Board a

Corporate Social Responsibility Policy (“CSR Policy”).

2)

To recommend the amount of expenditure to be

incurred on the activities listed in CSR Policy.

3)

To monitor the CSR Policy of the Company from

time to time.

4)

Such other roles and functions as may be prescribed

in the Act and Rules made thereunder.

(iii) Meetings and Attendance thereat

Three (3) meetings of the Corporate Social Responsibility

Committee were held during the Financial Year 2020-

21-20 on May 25, 2020, August 25, 2020 and February 5,

2021. Due to the exceptional circumstances caused by

the COVID-19 pandemic and consequent relaxations

granted by Ministry of Corporate Affairs and the

Securities & Exchange Board of India, all Corporate Social

Responsibility Committee meetings during Financial

Year 2020-21 were held through Video Conferencing. The

necessary quorum was present for all the meetings.

The attendance at the Corporate Social Responsibility

Committee meetings held during Financial Year 2020-21

are as under:

Name of Member

No. of CsR

Committee

Meetings held

during tenure

of Director

No. of CsR

Committee

Meetings

attended

Shri Sudhir Mankad

3

3

Dr. Swaminathan Sivaram

3

2

Shri Deepak C. Mehta

3

3

Shri Sanjay Upadhyay

2

2:

Managing Director

Shri Sandesh

Kumar Anand

Member

Non-Executive &

Non-Independent

Director

Shri Sanjay

Upadhyay

Member

Director-Finance

& CFO

Shri Maulik D.

Mehta

Member

Executive Director

& CEO

Dr. Swaminathan

Sivaram

Member

Independent

Director

The Company Secretary of the Company acts as Secretary

to the Committee.

(ii) Terms of Reference

In accordance with the provisions of the Listing

Regulations, the Terms of Reference for the Risk

Management Committee of Directors are as under:

1)

To ensure that appropriate methodology, processes

and systems are in place to monitor, evaluate and

report risks associated with the business of the

Company;

2)

To review adequacy of the existing measures to

mitigate risks covering various functions of the

Company;

3)

To evaluate and approve mitigation measures that

may be recommended by the Risk Manager(s) in

respect of any function and review the action taken

for its implementation on an on-going basis;

4)

To review and recommend to the Board,

amendment of any of the provisions of the Risk

Management Framework;:

Managing Director / Executive Directors

The remuneration of Chairman &: Managing Director comprises

of salary, allowances, perquisites and other benefits. In

addition, the

Managing Director

Date : May 5, 2021

(DIN: 00028377):

Managing Director

Executive Director & CEO

Director

DIN: 00028377

DIN: 05227290

DIN: 00016322

Kartikeya Raval

Sanjay upadhyay

Arvind Bajpai

Sudhir Mankad

Partner

Director-Finance & CFO

Company Secretary

Director

DIN: 01776546

Membership No: F6713

DIN: 00086077

Ahmedabad: May 05, 2021

Vadodara: May 05, 2021:

Managing Director

Executive Director & CEO

Director

DIN: 00028377

DIN: 05227290

DIN: 00016322

Kartikeya Raval

Sanjay upadhyay

Arvind Bajpai

Sudhir Mankad

Partner

Director-Finance & CFO

Company Secretary

Director

DIN: 01776546

Membership No: F6713

DIN: 00086077

Ahmedabad: May 05, 2021

Vadodara: May 05, 2021:

Managing Director

Executive Director & CEO

Director

DIN: 00028377

DIN: 05227290

DIN: 00016322

Kartikeya Raval

Sanjay upadhyay

Arvind Bajpai

Sudhir Mankad

Partner

Director-Finance & CFO

Company Secretary

Director

DIN: 01776546

Membership No: F6713

DIN: 00086077

Ahmedabad: May 05, 2021

Vadodara: May 05, 2021:

Managing Director

Executive Director & CEO

Director

DIN: 00028377

DIN: 05227290

DIN: 00016322

Kartikeya Raval

Sanjay upadhyay

Arvind Bajpai

Sudhir Mankad

Partner

Director-Finance & CFO

Company Secretary

Director

DIN: 01776546

Membership No: F6713

DIN: 00086077

Ahmedabad: May 05, 2021

Vadodara: May 05, 2021

Statement of Changes in Equity for the year ended March 31, 2021:

Director's Sitting Fees

0.19

0.23

(u) Other Directors Commission

1.55

1.57

(v) Provision/(Reversal) for Inventory Obsolescence

(1.62)

0.45

Total

187.10

225.78

Note: payment to Auditor

₹ in Crores

for the year

March 31, 2021

for the year

March 31, 2020

(a) As Auditor:

Audit fees

0.35

0.33

Tax Audit fees

0.04

0.04

Quarterly Limited Review

0.28

0.30

(b) In Other Capacity:

Taxation Matters

0.02

0.04

Other Services (Certification fees)

0.01

0.03

Total

0.70

0.74:

Managing Director

Shri Umesh Asaikar

Executive Director & Chief Executive Officer (upto May 31, 2020)

Shri Maulik D. Mehta

Executive Director & Chief Executive Officer (from June 01, 2020); Whole Time Director

(upto May 31, 2020)

Shri Sanjay Upadhyay

Director-Finance & Chief Financial Officer

(iii) entities over which key managerial personnel or their relatives are able to exercise significant influence

Check Point Credits & Capital Private Limited * Deepak Cybit Private Limited * Deepak Fertilizers and Petrochemicals

Corporation Limited *Deepak Gulf LLC, Sultanate of Oman* Deepak Foundation * Deepak International Limited * Deepak

Medical Foundation * Deepak Research and Development Foundation * Deepak Novochem Technologies Limited. * Forex

Leafin Private Limited * Hardik Leafin Private Limited * Pranawa Leafin Private Limited * Skyrose Finvest Private Limited *

Sofotel Infra Private Limited * Stepup Credits & Capital Private Limited * Stiffen Credits and Capital Private Limited * Stigma

Credits & Capital Private Limited * Storewell Credits and Capital Private Limited* Sundown Finvest Private Limited

(iv) Relative of Key Management personnel

Shri Chimanlal K. Mehta

Shri Meghav D. Mehta

Smt. Ila D. Mehta:

Managing Director

Executive Director & CEO

Director

DIN: 00028377

DIN: 05227290

DIN: 00016322

Sanjay upadhyay

Sudhir Mankad

Arvind Bajpai

Director-Finance & CFO

Director

Company Secretary

DIN: 01776546

DIN: 00086077

Membership No: F6713

Vadodara: May 05, 2021:

Managing Director

Executive Director & CEO

Director

DIN: 00028377

DIN: 05227290

DIN: 00016322

Sanjay upadhyay

Sudhir Mankad

Arvind Bajpai

Director-Finance & CFO

Director

Company Secretary

DIN: 01776546

DIN: 00086077

Membership No: F6713

Vadodara: May 05, 2021:

Managing Director

Executive Director & CEO

Director

DIN: 00028377

DIN: 05227290

DIN: 00016322

Kartikeya Raval

sanjay upadhyay

Arvind Bajpai

sudhir Mankad

Partner

Director-Finance & CFO

Company Secretary

Director

DIN: 01776546

Membership No: F6713

DIN: 00086077

Ahmedabad: May 05, 2021

Vadodara: May 05, 2021:

Managing Director

Executive Director & CEO

Director

DIN: 00028377

DIN: 05227290

DIN: 00016322

Kartikeya Raval

sanjay upadhyay

Arvind Bajpai

sudhir Mankad

Partner

Director-Finance & CFO

Company Secretary

Director

DIN: 01776546

Membership No: F6713

DIN: 00086077

Ahmedabad: May 05, 2021

Vadodara: May 05, 2021:

Managing Director

Executive Director & CEO

Director

DIN: 00028377

DIN: 05227290

DIN: 00016322

Kartikeya Raval

sanjay upadhyay

Arvind Bajpai

sudhir Mankad

Partner

Director-Finance & CFO

Company Secretary

Director

DIN: 01776546

Membership No: F6713

DIN: 00086077

Ahmedabad: May 05, 2021

Vadodara: May 05, 2021:

Managing Director

Executive Director & CEO

Director

DIN: 00028377

DIN: 05227290

DIN: 00016322

Kartikeya Raval

sanjay upadhyay

Arvind Bajpai

sudhir Mankad

Partner

Director-Finance & CFO

Company Secretary

Director

DIN: 01776546

Membership No: F6713

DIN: 00086077

Ahmedabad: May 05, 2021

Vadodara: May 05, 2021

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

for the year ended March 31, 2021:

Letter of Undertaking with rate of interest ranging from LIBOR/EURIBOR plus spread ranging from 0.20% p.a. to 1.50% p.a.

These borrowings are repayable on demand.

(ii) Working Capital borrowings are secured by way of first Hypothecation charge over Group’s Raw Materials, Semi-Finished and

Finished Goods, Consumable Stores and Book Debts. The assets stated herein are disclosed under note no. 10 and 12.

(iii) Commercial Paper placed by the Group in previous year were unsecured and carried interest rate ranging from 5.70% p.a. to 6.50%

p.a., tenure of each placement was ranging from 81 days to 90 days.

The outstanding Commercial Papers (listed) of the Group as on March 31, 2020 having maturity value of ₹ 125.00 crore were

redeemed during current year.:

Director's Sitting Fees

0.28

0.28

(u) Other Directors Commission

2.99

1.57

(v) Provision for Inventory Obsolescence

3.44

0.45

Total

336.68

328.26:

Managing Director

Shri Umesh Asaikar

Executive Director & Chief Executive Officer (upto May 31, 2020)

Shri Maulik D. Mehta

Executive Director & Chief Executive Officer (from June 01, 2020); Whole Time Director

(upto May 31, 2020)

Shri Sanjay Upadhyay

Director-Finance & Chief Financial Officer

(ii) entities over which key managerial personnel or their relatives are able to exercise significant influence

Check Point Credits & Capital Private Limited * Deepak Cybit Private Limited * Deepak Fertilizers and Petrochemicals

Corporation Limited * Deepak Gulf LLC, Sultanate of Oman* Deepak Foundation * Deepak International Limited * Deepak

Medical Foundation * Deepak Research and Development Foundation * Deepak Novochem Technologies Limited. * Forex

Leafin Private Limited * Hardik Leafin Private Limited * Pranawa Leafin Private Limited * Skyrose Finvest Private Limited *

Sofotel Infra Private Limited * Stepup Credits & Capital Private Limited * Stiffen Credits and Capital Private Limited * Stigma

Credits & Capital Private Limited *Storewell Credits and Capital Private Limited * Sundown Finvest Private Limited

(iii) Relative of Key Management personnel

Shri Chimanlal K. Mehta

Shri Meghav D. Mehta

Smt. Ila D. Mehta:

Managing Director

Executive Director & CEO

Director

DIN: 00028377

DIN: 05227290

DIN: 00016322

sanjay upadhyay

sudhir Mankad

Arvind Bajpai

Director-Finance & CFO

Director

Company Secretary

DIN: 01776546

DIN: 00086077

Membership No: F6713

Vadodara: May 05, 2021:

