letter etc. together with attested specimen

signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are

authorized to vote through e-mail to the Scrutinizer by

e-mail at cssureshpal2010@yahoo.com with a copy

marked to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com on or before

27th September, 2021 till 5.00 P.M. without which the vote

shall not be treated as valid.

4.

Attendance of the Members participating in the 22nd

AGM through VC/OAVM facility shall be counted for

the purpose of reckoning the quorum under Section 103

of the Act.

5.

In case of joint holders, the Members whose name appears

as the first holder in the order of the names as per the

Register of Members of the Company will be entitled to

vote at the meeting.

6.

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 91 of the Companies

Act, 2013, the Register of Members and Share Transfer

Books of the Company will remain closed from

Wednesday, 22nd September, 2021 to Tuesday, 28th

September, 2021 (both days inclusive).

7.

Members may join the Twenty Second AGM in VC/

OAVM mode from 10.30 am i.e. 30 minutes before the

time scheduled to start the AGM and the Company may

close the window for joining the VC/ OAVM 15 minutes

after the scheduled time to start the AGM by following

the procedure enclosed with the Notice.

8.

Members may note that the VC/OAVM provided by

CDSL, allows participation of at least 1000 Members on

a first-come-first-served basis. The large shareholders (i.e.

shareholders holding 2% or more shareholding),

promoters, institutional investors, Directors, Key

Managerial Personnel, the Chairpersons of the Audit

Committee, Nomination & Remuneration Committee and

Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Auditors, etc. can

attend the 22nd AGM without any restriction on account

of first-come-first-served principle.

9.

Members holding shares in physical mode are requested

to intimate any change in their address by writing to the

Registrar and Share Transfer Agent (RTA), Maheshwari

Datamatics Private Limited (MDPL) at their

Corporate Office 23, R. N. Mukherjee Road, 5th Floor,

Kolkata – 700001, email id: mdpldc@yahoo.com and

members holding shares in demat mode are requested to

intimate any change in their address or bank mandates

to their respective Depository Participants. Any such

changes effected by the Depository Participants will

automatically reflect in the Company’s subsequent records.

10. To prevent fraudulent transactions, members are advised

to exercise due diligence and notify the Company of any

change or demise of any member as soon as possible.

Members are also advised not to leave their demat

account(s) dormant for long. Periodic statement of holdings

should be obtained from the concerned Depository

Participant and holdings should be verified from time to

time.

11. Members who hold shares in physical form in multiple

folios in identical names or joint holding in the same order

of names are requested to write to the Company’s Registrar

and Share Transfer Agents, MDPL, at their Corporate

Office 23, R. N. Mukherjee Road, 5th Floor, Kolkata –

700001, email id: mdpldc@yahoo.com enclosing their

share certificates to enable the Company to consolidate

their holdings into single folio.

12. Pursuant to Section 88 of the Companies Act, 2013

the Register of Members is required to be maintained

in form MGT-1. In this respect, members holding shares

in physical form are requested to inform/update the

following additional details to the RTA, Maheshwari

Datamatics Private Limited, Corporate Office: 23, R. N.

Mukherjee Road, 5th Floor, Kolkata – 700001, email id:

mdpldc@yahoo.com, who have not yet so updated:

a. E-mail id (of the first holder)

b. PAN

c.

Unique Identification Number (AADHAR NO.)

d. Father’s /Mother’s/Spouse’s Name

e.

Occupation

f.

In case the member is a minor, Name of the Guardian

and date of birth of the Member

g. CIN (In case the member is a body corporate)

13. Members are requested to quote the Folio/Client ID &

DP ID Nos. in all correspondences.

14. In view of the continuing COVID-19 pandemic, resultant

difficulties involved in dispatching of physical copies of

the Annual Report still persists and in line with the said

Circulars issued by the MCA and said SEBI Circulars, the

Annual Report including Notice of the 22nd AGM

of the Company inter alia indicating the process and

manner of e-voting is being sent only by email, to all the

Shareholders whose Email IDs are registered with the

Company/Depository Participant(s) for communication

purposes to the Shareholders and to all other persons so

entitled.

Further, in terms of the applicable provisions of the Act,

SEBI Listing Regulations read with the said MCA Circular

No. 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020 the Notice calling the

AGM will be uploaded at the Company’s website, at

www.jaibalajigroup.com. The same can also be accessed

from the websites of the Stock Exchanges i.e BSE Limited:

letter etc. together with attested specimen

signature of the duly authorized signatory who

are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer and

to the Company at the email address viz;

jaibalaji@jaibalajigroup.com (designated email

address by company), if they have voted from

individual tab & not uploaded same in the CDSL

e-voting system for the scrutinizer to verify the same.

INSTRUCTIONS FOR SHAREHOLDERS

ATTENDING THE AGM/EGM THROUGH

VC/OAVM & E-VOTING DURING MEETING

ARE AS UNDER:

1.

The procedure for attending meeting & e-Voting on

the day of the AGM/EGM is same as the instructions

mentioned above for e-voting.

2.

The link for VC/OAVM to attend meeting will be

available where the EVSN of Company will be

displayed after successful login as per the instructions

mentioned above for e-voting.

3.

Shareholders who have voted through Remote

e-Voting will be eligible to attend the meeting.

However, they will not be eligible to vote at the

AGM/EGM.

4.

Shareholders are encouraged to join the Meeting

through Laptops/IPads for better experience.

5.

Further shareholders will be required to allow

Camera and use Internet with a good speed to avoid

any disturbance during the meeting.

6.

Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile

Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via

Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss

due to Fluctuation in their respective network. It is

therefore recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN

Connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.

7.

Shareholders who would like to express their

views/ask questions during the meeting may register

themselves as a speaker by sending their request in

advance between 11th September, 2021 to 17th

September, 2021 mentioning their name, demat

account number/folio number, email id, mobile

number at (company email id). The shareholders

who do not wish to speak during the AGM but

have queries may send their queries in advance

between 11th September, 2021 to 17th September,

2021 mentioning their name, demat account

number/folio number, email id, mobile number at

(company email id). These queries will be replied to

by the company suitably by email.

8.

Those shareholders who have registered themselves

as a speaker will only be allowed to express their

views/ask questions during the meeting.

9.

Only those shareholders, who are present in the

AGM/EGM through VC/OAVM facility and have

not casted their vote on the Resolutions through

remote e-Voting and are otherwise not barred

from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through

e-Voting system available during the EGM/AGM.

10. If any Votes are cast by the shareholders through

the e-voting available during the EGM/AGM and

if the same shareholders have not participated in the

meeting through VC/OAVM facility, then the votes

cast by such shareholders shall be considered invalid

as the facility of e-voting during the meeting is

available only to the shareholders attending the

meeting.

PROCESS FOR THOSE SHAREHOLDERS

WHOSE EMAIL/MOBILE NO. ARE NOT

REGISTERED WITH THE COMPANY/

DEPOSITORIES.

1. For Physical shareholders- Please provide

necessary details like Folio No., Name of

shareholder, scanned copy of the share certificate

(front and back), PAN (self attested scanned copy:

Managing Director

DIN : 00045114

Place: Kolkata

Date: 14th August, 2021:

letter of appointment stating the

requisite details as per the requirements of Schedule IV

of the Companies Act, 2013;

The Independent Directors shall be appointed for a fixed

term of upto five years or such lesser term as may be

decided mutually between the Board and the Directors

and shall be eligible for re-appointment for a further

term of upto five years on passing a special resolution

by the Company.Further, no Independent Director shall

hold office for more than two consecutive terms.

However, they shall be eligible for re-appointment after

the expiration of cooling period of three years of ceasing

to become an Independent Director;

The Independent Directors shall be responsible for

complying with the duties as specified under section 166

of the Companies Act, 2013. Further, their liabilities shall

also be limited to the respective provisions of the

Companies Act, 2013 and rules made there under;

Independent Directors shall be expected to ensure

compliance with the Code of Conduct as laid down by

the Company;

Independent Directors shall be paid sitting fees subject

to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules

made there under as well as the terms of this policy.

Remuneration

The committee shall:

meet at least once in a year.

ensure that the quorum of either two members or one

third of the members of the committee, whichever is

greater, including at least one independent director is

present.

ensure that the compensation to the Board, KMP and

other senior management employees is reasonable and

sufficient to attract, retain and motivate quality directors

and KMPs;

approve any significant changes in the executive director’s

contract;

determine payment of sitting fees for directors for

attending meetings of the Board;

ensure that there is balance between fixed pay and

incentive based pay (if any) in the remuneration to be

paid to the Directors, KMPs and other senior management

employees.

Director Remuneration

The Company may pay remuneration by way of salary,

perquisites and allowances (fixed component) and commission

(variable component) to Managing and Whole-time Directors.

Salary shall be paid within the range approved by the

Shareholders. Commission, if any, shall be calculated with

reference to net profits of the Company in a particular financial

year and shall be determined by the Board of Directors at the

end of the financial year based on the recommendations of

the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, subject to

overall ceilings stipulated in Sections 197 read with Schedule

V of the Companies Act, 2013.

Non-executive Director Remuneration

The non-executive directors shall be paid sitting fees for

attending meetings of the Board based on the limits prescribed

under the Companies Act, 2013.

Senior Management Remuneration

The salary of other senior management employees shall be

competitive and based on the individual’s qualification,

experience, responsibilities and performance and shall be

governed by the HR policy of the Company.

Determining criteria for performance evaluation of the

Board and Individual Directors

The Board shall evaluate its own performance based on the

following criteria:

Composition of the Board in compliance with the

Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015;

Frequency of meetings held during the year and matters

taken up thereat;

Ability of the Board to take uniform decisions for the

betterment of the Company taking into consideration

the individual views of all the Directors Comprising it;

Its wisdom and judgement to help the Company prosper;

Ability of the Board to evaluate risk and devise suitable

measures to mitigate them etc.

The Board shall evaluate the performance of individual

directors (including independent directors) based on the

following criteria:

Attendance of the individual directors and level of

participation at the meetings of the Board and committees

thereof and the general meetings;

Contribution in long term strategic planning;

Professional conduct and independence;

Level of commitment etc.

The above list is illustrative.

Such performance evaluation of Directors (including

independent directors) shall be done by the entire Board

of Directors (excluding the director being evaluated).

In case of Independent Director, the Board shall determine

whether to extend or continue the term of appointment of

the Independent Director on the basis of the report of

performance evaluation carried by the Board.

In addition to the above, the Board shall also evaluate

the performance of various Board level Committees.

23

Annual Report 2020-21

Jai Balaji Industries Limited:

Managing Director.

5.

Does the company have a

specified committee of the

Board/ Director/ Official to

oversee the implementation of

the policy?

The BR initiatives are normally led by the Whole-time Director in conjunction

with the CSR Committee and overall supervision of the Board of Directors.

6.

Indicate the link for the policy

to be viewed online?

During the year under review, the BR initiatives governed by various

Policies (such as Code of conduct, Whistle blower policy, Corporate Social

Responsibility Policy, Policy on Prevention of Sexual Harassment of Women

at the Workplace, Code of Practices and Procedures for Fair Disclosure

etc.). These policies can be viewed at: www.jaibalajigroup.com on the

Company’s website.

7.

Has the policy been formally

communicated to all relevant

i n t e r n a l a n d e x t e r n a l

stakeholders?

The internal stakeholders have been made aware of the policies. SOPs are

distributed to all HODs for wide circulation. External Stakeholders are

communicated to the extent applicable and relevant. The mandatory policies

are also updated on the website of the Company.

8.

Does the company have in-

house structure to implement

the policy/ policies.

Yes, the CSR Committee of the Board of Directors looks after the

implementation of the policies.

9.

Does the Company have a

grievance redressal mechanism

related to the policy/ policies to

address stakeholders’ grievances

related to the policy/ policies?

Yes, any grievance or feedback related to the policies can be sent to

jaibalaji@jaibalajigroup.com. The CSR Committee of the Board of Directors

is responsible for addressing stakeholder concerns related to BR policies.

10.

Has the company carried out

independent audit/ evaluation

of the working of this policy by

an internal or external agency?

The BR policy is evaluated internally. The policies and practices at the

Company are subject to internal audit and/or review from time to time,

wherever necessary.

b) If answer to the question at serial number 1 against any principle, is ‘No’, please explain why: (Tick up to 2 options)

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

Sl. No.

Questions

1.

The company has not understood the Principles

2.

The company is not at a stage where it finds itself in a

position to formulate and implement the policies on

specified principles

3.

The company does not have financial or manpower

resources available for the task

4.

It is planned to be done within next 6 Months

5.

It is planned to be done within the next 1 year

6.

Any other reason (please specify)

NOT APPLICABLE

If yes, has it been signed by MD/

owner/ CEO/ appropriate

Board Director?:

Managing Director

DIN : 00045114

Place: Kolkata

Date: 14th August, 2021

31

Annual Report 2020-21

Jai Balaji Industries Limited

However, Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) and

Sustainable Development has always been one of the leading

priorities of the Company and the Company continues to

undertake a wide range of CSR activities to contribute towards

welfare and betterment of the society. Therefore, as a good

corporate practice and for better governance, the Company

shall continue to strive towards spending for CSR the way

it has been doing in past year for inclusive growth and

equitable development of the community at large.

Comprehending the importance of the role played by vaccines

in our fight against the virus, the Company had organized

the immunization drive for its employees and their family

members and for the public at large.

Principle 9 - Customer Value

Understanding the customer needs is a key step in the

Company’s endeavour towards developing an efficient

product stewardship programme. The Company ensures that

utmost care is taken towards customer safety throughout the

life cycle of the product.

The Company adheres to all compliance of product

information.

There was no case filed by any stakeholder against the

Company regarding unfair trade practices, irresponsible

advertising and /or anti-competitive behaviour during the

last five years and hence, there were no pending cases as at

the end of the Financial Year 31st March, 2021.

Customer satisfaction is your Company’s goal, driving it to

ensure its products deliver performance that continually

meets customer requirements. To understand customers

better, the Company follows several modes of engagement

such as customer surveys, direct feedback, visits by managers

/ plant personnel etc. These modes help your Company to

understand customer requirements, satisfaction levels and

expectations. The Company also conducts one-to-one meetings

with customers on need basis in order to enable efficient

communication and redressal of customers’ grievances, if

any.:

Managing Director

Sd/-

CFO

Sd/-

Audit Committee Chairman

Sd/-

Statutory Auditor

Sd/-

Place: Kolkata

Date: 30th June 2021:

letter of even date which

is annexed as Annexure - I which forms an integral part of

this report.

34

Annual Report 2020-21

Jai Balaji Industries Limited

b) Mines and Minerals (Development & Regulation) Act,

1957 and the rules made there-under.

We have also examined compliance with the applicable

clauses of the Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute

of Company Secretaries of India.

During the period under review, the Company

has generally complied with the provisions of the Act,

Rules, Regulations, Guidelines, Standards, etc. mentioned

above except that as required under Regulation 33(3)(a) of SEBI

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015, the unaudited financial results for the quarter ended 30th

September, 2020 were not submitted to the stock exchanges within

45 days from the end of the quarter;

We further report that:

a) The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted

with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive

Directors and Independent Directors. The changes in

the composition of the Board of Directors that took

place during the period under review were carried out

in compliance with the provisions of the Act.

b) Adequate notice is given to all directors to schedule the

Board Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on agenda

were sent atleast seven days in advance and a system

exists for seeking and obtaining further information

and clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting

and for meaningful participation at the meeting.

Place: Kolkata

Date: 14th August, 2021

UDIN: A017190C000784836

For MKB & Associates

Company Secretaries

FRN No.: P2010WB042700

Sd/-

Raj Kumar Banthia

Partner

Membership No.: 17190

COP No.: 18428:

letter.

1.

It is management’s responsibility to identify the Laws,

Rules, Regulations, Guidelines and Directions which are

applicable to the Company depending upon the industry

in which it operates and to comply and maintain those

records with same in: letter and in spirit. Our responsibility

is to express an opinion on those records based on our

audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and process as were

appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The

verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct

facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that

the process and practices we followed provide a

reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness

of the financial records and the Books of Accounts of the

Company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management’s

Representation about the compliance of Laws, Rules,

Regulations, Guidelines and Directions and happening

events, etc.

5.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as

to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy

or effectiveness with which the management has

conducted the affairs of the Company.

Note: Due to continuing COVID-19 pandemic, for carrying on

and completion of the Audit, documents/details have been

provided by the Company through electronic mode and the

same have been verified by us.

Place: Kolkata

Date: 14th August, 2021

UDIN:A017190C000784836

For MKB & Associates

Company Secretaries

FRN No.: P2010WB042700

Sd/-

Raj Kumar Banthia

Partner

Membership No.: 17190

COP No.: 18428

Managing Director

Nil

Shri Sanjiv Jajodia, Whole Time Director

Nil

Shri Bimal Kumar Choudhury, Executive Director

Nil

Note : None of the Executive Director of the Company has drawn any remuneration during the year under review. The

independent and non-executive directors of the Company are paid sitting fees. Thus the amount paid to them is not considered

for the above purpose.

ii)

The percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer, Company

Secretary or Manager, if any, in the financial year:

There has been no increase in the remuneration of any Director, Chief Financial Officer, Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director)

Shri Sanjiv Jajodia

Promoter Executive Director (Whole-time Director & Chief Financial Officer)

Shri Rajiv Jajodia

Promoter Non-Executive Director

Shri Gaurav Jajodia

Promoter Non-Executive Director

Shri Shri Bimal Kumar Choudhary

Executive Director

Shri Shailendra Kumar Tamotia

Non-Executive Independent Director

Shri Ashim Kumar Mukherjee

Non-Executive Independent Director

Smt. Seema Chowdhury

Non-Executive Independent Woman Director

Smt. Rakhi Bajoria

Non-Executive Independent Woman Director

Smt. Swati Bajaj

Non-Executive Independent Woman Director

Name of Directors

Category

Pursuant to Section 149 of the Companies Act, 2013 and clause 49(II)(A) of the Listing Agreement with the

Stock Exchange read with SEBI Circular No. CIR/CFD/POLICY CELL/7/2014 dated 15th September, 2014, the

Company has appointed Ms. Puja Sharma (DIN - 06852209) as Additional Director (Category: Non-Executive

Independent Woman Director) w.e.f 31st March, 2015.

Ms. Puja Sharma has resigned from the Board w.e.f. 11th April, 2015. Ms. Swati Agarwal (DIN - 07158355), Ms.

Seema Choudhary (DIN - 07158338) and Ms. Rakhi Jain (DIN - 07161473) have been appointed as Additional

Directors (Category: Non-Executive Independent Woman Director) w.e.f. 17th April, 2015.

All the Independent Directors fulfil the criteria of independence in terms of section 149 of the Companies Act,

2013 and clause 49(II)(B) of the Listing Agreement and have filed their consent and other relevant declarations

under section 149, 164 of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder as well as the Listing Agreement.

A Formal: Letter setting out the terms and conditions of appointment has been issued to all the Independent

Letter of the present Independent Directors

setting out their terms and conditions, roles, functions, duties

and responsibility of appointment as per the provisions of

Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 25 of the Listing

Regulations has been hosted on the Company’s Website

under the weblink “http://www.jaibalajigroup.com/

directors-appointment-re-appointment-resignation/” in

adherence to Regulation 46(2) of the Listing Regulations.

As per declarations received by the Company, none of the

independent directors/non-promoter directors are related

to each other or to the promoters. Further, Shri Rajiv Jajodia

and Shri Sanjiv Jajodia are related as brothers and

Shri Aditya Jajodia and Shri Gaurav Jajodia are their

brother’s son.

n

Particulars of attendance of each director at Board

Meetings and last Annual General Meeting

The notice along with the agenda for each meeting along

with explanatory notes were communicated to the Board of

Directors, Committee Members and Shareholders in advance

as per the provisions of Companies Act, 2013, Listing

Regulations and Secretarial Standards (SS1 & SS2) issued by

the Institute of Company Secretaries of India.

During the financial year 2020-2021, 4 (Four) meetings of the

Board were held viz., 31st July, 2020; 15th September, 2020;

28th November, 2020; and 12th February, 2021. In view of

Covid-19 pandemic all these board meetings were held

through video conferencing/other audio-visual means. The

maximum time gap between two consecutive board meetings

did not exceeded one hundred and twenty days and the

necessary quorum were present at all the meetings.

The attendance of each Director at the Board meetings

held during the financial year 2020-2021 and at the last

Annual General Meeting held on 29th October, 2020 are

as follows:

Name of Directors

No. of Board

Attendance

Meeting

at the

Attended

last AGM

Shri Aditya Jajodia

4

Yes

Shri Sanjiv Jajodia

3

Yes

Shri Rajiv Jajodia

4

Yes

Shri Gaurav Jajodia

3

Yes

Shri Amit Kumar Majumdar*

0

No

Shri Shailendra Kumar Tamotia

4

Yes

Smt. Seema Chowdhury

4

Yes

Smt. Rakhi Bajoria

4

Yes

Shri Ashim Kumar Mukherjee

4

Yes

Smt. Swati Bajaj

4

Yes

Shri Bimal Kumar Choudhary#

2

Yes

*Mr. Amit Kumar Majumdar could not attend the Board

meeting held on 31.07.2020 due to some medical emergencies

and thereafter he ceases to be a director w.e.f 26th August,

2020.

# Mr. Bimal Kumar Choudhary appointed as a director w.e.f

15th September, 2020.

The Company Secretary was present at all meetings of

the Board of Directors and at the last Annual General

Meeting.

During FY 2020-2021, information as mentioned in Part A of

Schedule II of the Listing Regulations, has been placed before

the Board for its consideration.:

Managing Director. The Independent Directors were

made aware and updated on the various operations

carried on by the Company during the year and about

the recent amendments notified by MCA. The

Independent Directors were informed and familiarized

regarding the creation and maintenance of databank and

the amended rules thereof notified by MCA on 22nd

October, 2019 with the declaration of compliances required

for their registration as Independent Directors. Apart

from the induction programme, the Company also update

the Independent Directors at the Board/Committee

meetings to familiarise the Directors with the Company’s

strategy, their rights and responsibilities , business

performance, operations, finance, risk management

framework, human resources and other related matters.

The details on the Company's Familiarisation Programme

for Independent Directors can be accessed at

“https://www.jaibalajigroup.com/wp-content/uploads/

2021/08/familiarization-programmes-20-2021.pdf”.

n

Independent director databank registration

The IDs have in terms of Section 150 of the Act read with

Rule 6 of the Companies (Appointment & Qualification

of Directors) Rules, 2014, confirmed that they have enrolled

themselves in the Independent Directors’ Databank

maintained with the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs.

3.

BOARD COMMITTEES

The Board Committees play a vital role in strengthening

the Corporate Governance practices and focus effectively

on the issues and ensure expedient resolution of the

diverse matters. The idea behind the Committees of the

Board is to tap the specific talents, skills and knowledge

of individual directors to inform and educate the full

board on particular areas of concern. The Committees

also make specific recommendations to the Board on

various matters when required. All observations,

recommendations and decisions of the Committees are

placed before the Board for information or for approval.

As on 31st March, 2021, the Company had following

committees - Audit Committee, Nomination &

Remuneration Committee (formerly Remuneration

Committee), Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee

(formerly Share Transfer Cum Investors’ Grievance

Committee), Corporate Social Responsibility Committee,

Management (Finance) Committee and Internal

Complaints Committee.

The Committees operate under the direct supervision of

the Board, and Chairpersons of the respective Committees

report to the Board about the deliberations and decisions

taken by the Committees. The recommendations of the

Committees are submitted to the Board for approval.

During the year under review, all recommendations of

the Committees were approved by the Board. The minutes

of the meetings of all Committees of the Board are placed

before the Board for noting. The Chairperson of the Audit

Committees, Nomination and Remuneration Committee

and Stakeholders Relationship Committee were present

at the previous Annual General Meeting.:

Managing Director and Shri Sanjiv

Jajodia, Whole-time Director of the Company are Promoter

Executive Directors. The terms and conditions of their

appointment are as per the resolutions passed by the

Board and Shareholders of the Company. The tenure of

the office of Shri Aditya Jajodia is for a period of 5 years

w.e.f. 22nd July, 2017 till 21st July, 2022.

The tenure of the office of Shri Sanjiv Jajodia is for a period

of 5(five) years with effect from 30th June, 2018 till 29th

June, 2023.

The Board has appointed Shri Bimal Kumar Choudhary

as the Executive Director of the Company for a period of

3(three) years w.e.f 15th September, 2020 till 14th

September, 2023 as per the terms and conditions that are

mentioned in the Agreement which is entered between

the Company and Shri Bimal Kumar Choudhary.

No remuneration was drawn by any Executive Director

during the year 2020-21. In view of the ongoing losses

being incurred by the Company, the: Managing

Managing Director of the Company confirmed

compliance with the Code by all members of the Board

and the Senior Management personnel and forms part

of this Annual Report.

l

Insider Trading

In order to regulate trading in securities of the Company

by the Directors and designated employees, your

Company has adopted a Code of Conduct for trading in

listed or proposed to be listed securities of the Company.

Insider Trading Code prevents misuse of unpublished

price sensitive information and it also provides for

periodical disclosures and obtaining pre-clearance for

trading in securities of your Company by the Directors,

Designated Employees and Connected Persons of your

Company. Pursuant to SEBI (Prohibition of Insider

Trading) Regulations, 2015 and amendments thereto, the

Company has adopted Policy for Legitimate purposes

forming part of the Company's Code of Practices and

Procedures for Fair Disclosure of Unpublished Price

Sensitive Information as effective from 1st April, 2019.:

Managing Director

and Shri Sanjiv Jajodia, Whole-time Director and Chief

Financial Officer of the Company gave annual certification

on financial reporting and internal control system to the

Board in terms of Regulation 17(8) of the SEBI Listing

Regulations as per the format specified in Part B of

Schedule II of the Listing Regulations. The annual

certificate given by the Chairman and: Managing Director

and the Chief Financial Officer is published in this Report.

Shri Aditya Jajodia,

Managing Director

DIN: 00045114

Place : Kolkata

Date : 14th August, 2021

Sd/-

Sanjiv Jajodia

Whole-time Director &

Chief Financial Officer

DIN: 00036339

For and on behalf of the Board:

Managing Director

01.07.1999

2.

00036339

Mr. Sanjiv Jajodia

Whole-time Director & Chief Financial Officer

31.05.2002

3.

00045192

Mr. Rajiv Jajodia

Non-Executive Director

01.07.1999

4.

00028560

Mr. Gaurav Jajodia

Non-Executive Director

20.09.2013

5.

08879262

Mr. Bimal Kumar Choudhary

Executive Director

15.09.2020

6.

01419527

Mr. Shailendra Kumar Tamotia

Independent Director

15.05.2013

7.

00047844

Mr. Ashim Kumar Mukherjee

Independent Director

02.12.2015

.8

07158338

Mrs. Seema Chowdhury

Independent Director

17.04.2015

9.

07161473

Mrs. Rakhi Bajoria

Independent Director

17.04.2015

10.

01180085

Mrs. Swati Bajaj

Independent Director

13.08.2018

We further certify that none of the aforesaid Directors on the Board of the Company for the financial year ended on 31 March

2021 have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of companies by the Securities and

Exchange Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs, or any such other Statutory Authority.

Ensuring the eligibility of for the appointment / continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management

of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on our verification. This certificate is neither an

assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has

conducted the affairs of the Company.:

Managing Director

CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OF JAI BALAJI INDUSTRIES LTD.

To

The Members,

Jai Balaji Industries Limited

We have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by JAI BALAJI INDUSTRIES LIMITED(‘‘the

Company”) for the year ended on 31st March, 2021, as stipulated in Regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of Regulation

46(2) and Para C and D of Schedule V to the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (the Listing Regulations).

The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the Management of the Company. Our examination

has been limited to a review of the procedures and implementation thereof adopted by the Company for ensuring compliance

with the conditions of the Corporate Governance as stipulated in the said Clauses and/or Regulations. It is neither an audit

nor an expression of opinion on the financial statements of the Company.

In our opinion and to the best of our knowledge, information and according to the explanations given to us and based on the

representations made by the Management, we certify that the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate

Governance as stipulated in in Regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of Regulation 46(2) and Para C and D of Schedule V

of the Listing Regulations.

We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or effectiveness

with which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Place : Kolkata

Date : 14th August, 2021

UDIN: A017190C000784869

For MKB & Associates

Company Secretaries

Firm Reg No.: P2010WB042700

Sd/-

Raj Kumar Banthia

Partner

Membership No.: 17190

COP No.: 18428:

Managing Director and Sanjiv Jajodia, Chief Financial Officer of Jai Balaji Industries Limited

(hereinafter referred to as ‘the Company’), certify that:

1.

We have reviewed the Financial Statements and the Cash Flow Statement of the Company, for the financial year ended

31st March, 2021 and that to the best of our knowledge and belief:

i.

the aforesaid statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements

that might be misleading;

ii.

the aforesaid statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with

the existing accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.

2.

To the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the year are fraudulent,

illegal or violative of the Company’s Code of Conduct;

3.

We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that we have

evaluated the effectiveness of the internal control systems of the Company and we have disclosed to the Auditors and the

Audit Committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls, if any, of which we are aware and the

step that we have taken or propose to take to rectify the identified deficiencies;

4.

That we have indicated to the auditors and the Audit Committee:

i.

Significant changes, if any, in the internal control over financial reporting during the year;

ii.

Significant changes, if any, in accounting policies during the year and that the same have been disclosed in the notes

to the financial statements and;

iii. Instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvements therein, if any, of the management

or an employee having a significant role in the company’s internal control system over financial reporting.

To,

The Board of Directors,

Jai Balaji Industries Limited,

Sd/-

Aditya Jajodia

Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

DIN : 00045114

66

Annual Report 2020-21

Jai Balaji Industries Limited

Management Discussion and Analysis (contd.)

management is aligned with the zeal and enthusiasm of the

youth brigade.

Considering the health and safety of the employees of the

Company and in line with the advisories, orders and directions

issued by both State and Central Government in order to

prevent the spread of the coronavirus (Covid 19) outbreak,

the Company has suspended its operations except critical

operations at plant level till the lockdown period. Further

the Company has also implemented Work from Home Policy

to ensure the safety of employees post covid 19 issue. The

HR department of the Company is continuously in touch

with the employees to guide them and solve their problems.

The HR Department of the Company has continuously created

the awareness of Covid 19 among the employees of the

Company and has also educated the employees in respect of

personal hygiene and precautions which needs to be taken

in this situation of pandemic. The company has conducted

the interviews through online mode and meetings through

Video Conferencing in order to maintain social distancing

which is most essential due to the spread of Covid 19.

Comprehending the importance of the role played by vaccines

in our fight against the virus, the Company has conducted

the immunization drive to vaccinate its employees and their

family members and also public at large.

The Company has maintained healthy and cordial industrial

relations during the year.

Cautionary Statement

Statements in the Management Discussion and Analysis Report

describing the Company’s objectives, projections, estimates and/or

expectations may be “forward-looking statements” within the

meaning of applicable laws and regulations. Actual results could

differ materially from those expressed or implied. Important factors

that could make a difference to the Company’s operations include,

among others, domestic and international economic conditions

affecting demand/supply and price conditions, changes in the

government regulations, tax laws and other statutes and other

incidental factor.:

Managing Director, and the CFO.

l)

Cash and bank balances

Cash and bank balances consists of:

1.

Cash and cash Equivalent

Cash and cash equivalent in the balance sheet

comprise cash on hand and in bank and short

term deposits with an original maturity of three

months, which are subject to an insignificant

risk of changes in value. For the purpose of the

statement of cash flows, cash and cash

equivalents consist of cash on hand, in banks

and short term deposits with an original maturity

of three months net of outstanding bank

overdrafts as they are considered integral part

of the company’s cash management.

2.

Other bank balances

This includes balances and deposits with bank

that are restricted for withdrawal and usage

having maturity of more than three years

extending upto twelve years.

m) Borrowing costs

Borrowing costs directly attributable to the

acquisition, construction or production of qualifying

assets that necessarily takes a substantial period of

time to get ready for its intended use or sale are

capitalized as part of the cost of the asset. All other

borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which

they occur. Borrowing costs consist of interest and

other costs that an entity incurs in connection with

the borrowing of funds. Borrowing cost also includes

exchange differences to the extent regarded as an

adjustment to the interest costs..

n)

Leases

As a lessee

A lease is classified at the inception date as a finance

lease or an operating lease. A lease that transfers

substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to

ownership to the company is classified as a finance

lease.

Finance Leases

Assets held under finance leases are recognised as

assets at their fair value at the inception of the lease

or, if lower, at the present value of the minimum

lease payments. The corresponding liability to the

lessor is included in the statement of financial position

as a finance lease obligation. Lease payments are

apportioned between finance charges and reduction

of the lease obligation so as to achieve a constant

rate of interest on the remaining balance of the

liability. Finance charges are charged to the statement

of financial performance.

Finance Leases-Lessee

Finance leases are recognised as assets and liabilities

in the statement of financial position at amounts

equal to the fair value of the leased property or, if

lower, the present value of the minimum lease

payments. The corresponding liability to the lessor

is included in the statement of financial position as

a finance lease obligation. The discount rate used in

calculating the present value of the minimum lease

payments is the interest rate implicit in the lease.

Minimum lease payments are apportioned between

the finance charge and reduction of the outstanding

liability. The finance charge is allocated to each period

during the lease term so as to produce a constant

periodic rate on the remaining balance of the liability.

Any contingent rent is expensed in the period in

which they are incurred.

o)

Government grants and subsidies

Grants and subsidies from the government are

recognized when there is a reasonable assurance that

the grant/subsidy will be received and all attaching

conditions will be complied with.

When the grant or subsidy relates to an expense

item, it is recognized as income over the periods

necessary to match them on a systematic basis to

the costs, which it is intended to compensate.

Where the grant or subsidy relates to an asset, its

value is deducted in arriving at the carrying amount

of the related asset.:

Managing Director

Mr. Sanjiv Jajodia, Wholetime Director and Chief Financial Officer

Mr. Ajay Kumar Tantia, Company Secretary

Relatives of Key Management

Mr. Rajiv Jajodia, Brother of Wholetime Director

Personnel

Mr. Gaurav Jajodia, Nephew of Wholetime Director

Enterprises owned or

Chandi Steel Industries Limited (CSIL)

significantly influenced by

Jai Balaji Jyoti Steels Limited (JBJSL)

key management personnel

Jai Salasar Balaji Industries Private Limited (JSBIPL)

or their relatives

Balaji Ispat Udyog (BIU)

Enfield Suppliers Limited (ESL)

Hari Management Limited (HML)

Jajodia Estate Private Limited (JEPL)

43. Earnings per share (EPS) :

The following reflects the profit and share data used in the basic and diluted EPS computations :

Sl

Current year

Previous year

No.

ended March 31, 2021

ended March 31, 2020

A.

Profit/(Loss) after Tax

in lacs

(7,581.88)

(11,433.59)

B.

Number of shares at the beginning of the year

Nos.

110,450,286

96,386,486

C.

Total equity shares outstanding at the end of the year

Nos.

110,450,286

110,450,286

D.

Weighted average number of equity shares

Nos.

110,450,286

103,299,196

outstanding at the end of the year

E.

Nominal Value of each Share

10.00

10.00

F.

Basic Earning per Share

(6.86)

(11.07)

G.

Diluted Earning per Share

(6.86)

(11.07)

Particulars:

Managing Director, and the CFO.

l.

Cash and bank balances

Cash and bank balances consist of:

1.

Cash and cash equivalent

Cash and cash equivalent in the balance sheet

comprise cash on hand and in bank and short term

deposits with an original maturity of three months,

which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes

in value. For the purpose of the statement of cash

flows, cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on

hand, in banks and short term deposits with an

original maturity of three months net of outstanding

bank overdrafts as they are considered integral part

of the company’s cash management.:

Managing Director

Mr. Sanjiv Jajodia, Wholetime Director and Chief Financial Officer

Mr. Ajay Kumar Tantia, Company Secretary

Relatives of Key Management

Mr. Rajiv Jajodia, Brother of Wholetime Director

Personnel

Mr. Gaurav Jajodia, Nephew of Wholetime Director

Enterprises owned or

Chandi Steel Industries Limited (CSIL)

significantly influenced by

Jai Balaji Jyoti Steels Limited (JBJSL)

key management personnel

Jai Salasar Balaji Industries Private Limited (JSBIPL)

or their relatives

Balaji Ispat Udyog (BIU)

Enfield Suppliers Limited (ESL)

Hari Management Limited (HML)

Jajodia Estate Private Limited (JEPL)

43. Earnings per share (EPS) :

The following reflects the profit and share data used in the basic and diluted EPS computations :

Sl

Current year

Previous year

No.

ended March 31, 2021

ended March 31, 2020

A.

Profit/(Loss) after Tax

in lacs

(7,582.20)

(11,433.94)

B.

Number of shares at the beginning of the year

Nos.

110,450,286

96,386,486

C.

Total equity shares outstanding at the end of the year

Nos.

110,450,286

110,450,286

D.

Weighted average number of equity shares

Nos.

110,450,286

103,299,196

outstanding at the end of the year

E.

Nominal Value of each Share

10.00

10.00

F.

Basic Earning per Share

(6.86)

(11.07)

G.

Diluted Earning per Share

(6.86)

(11.07)

Particulars:

