Managing Director from

time to time within the overall limits approved herein

and to settle any question or difficulty in connection

there with and incidental thereto.”

(6)

To consider and if thought fit to pass, the following as a

Special Resolution:

“RESOLVED that pursuant to the provision of

Regulation 17(1A) and other applicable provisions of

the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 and the Companies Act, 2013,

including any statutory modification or re-enactment

thereof for the time being in force, approval of the

Members, be and is hereby accorded to the

continuation of directorship of Dr. Raghupati

(CIN: L74999RJ1938PLC019511)

Nehru House, 4, Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg, New Delhi -110 002

Email: jklc.investors@jkmail.com; Website: www.jklakshmicement.com

Phone: 91-11-68201862-866-869:

Managing Director(s)

and Whole-time Director(s), including however

Independent Directors of the Company (hereinafter

referred as NEDs), not exceeding three percent of the

annual net profits of the Company for each financial

year computed in the manner referred to in Section

198 of the said Act, in addition to the fee for attending

the meetings of the Board or Committees thereof or

for any other purpose whatsoever, as may be decided

by the Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter

referred to as “Board”), subject to the limit of overall

maximum managerial remuneration specified in

Section 197(1) of the said Act; and the said

remuneration be paid in such amount, proportion and

manner as may be decided by the Board, from time to

time.

RESOLVED FURTHER that the Board be and is hereby

authorised to do all acts, deeds, matters and things as

may be deemed necessary or expedient in connection

there with and incidental thereto.”

By Order of the Board

B.K. Daga

Sr. Vice President & Company Secretary

Regd. Office:

Jaykaypuram-307 019

Distt. Sirohi (Rajasthan)

th

Date: 29 July 2021

NOTES

(1) The Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the

Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) in respect of Item Nos. 4

to 11 of the Notice set out above, is annexed hereto.

The relevant details as required under Regulation 36(3)

of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 (SEBI Listing Regulations) read with

the provisions of the Secretarial Standard on General

Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries

of India (‘SS-2’) of persons seeking re-appointment/

continuation of Directorship, is also annexed.

(2) In view of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Ministry of

Corporate Affairs (‘MCA’) issued General Circular

th

Nos.14/2020, 17/2020 and 20/2020 dated 8 April

th

th

2020, 13 April 2020 and 5 May 2020, respectively

and by General Circular No. 02/2021 dated

th

13 January 2021, allowed companies whose AGMs

were due to be held in the year 2020 or become due in

st

the year 2021, to conduct their AGMs on or before 31

December 2021, in accordance with the requirements

provided in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the General

Circular No. 20/2020 (“MCA Circulars”). The:

letter etc. together with

attested specimen signature of the duly

authorized signatory who are authorized to vote,

to the Scrutinizer and to the Company at the

email address at jklc.investors@jkmail.com, if

they have voted from individual tab and not

uploaded same in the CDSL E-voting system for

the Scrutinizer to verify the same.

•

A scanned copy of the Board Resolution and

Power of Attorney which they have issued in

favour of the Custodian, if any, should be

uploaded in PDF format in the system for the

Scrutinizer to verify the same.

(c) If Votes are cast by the Members through the

E-voting available during the AGM and if

the same Members have not participated in

the meeting through VC/OAVM facility,

then the votes cast by such Members shall

be considered invalid as the facility of

E-voting during the meeting is available

only to the Members attending the meeting.

(d) Members who have voted through remote

E-voting will be eligible to attend the AGM.

However, they will not be eligible to vote at

the AGM.

(13) Other Common Instructions:

(i)

Facility for Non – Individual Members and

Custodians – Remote E-voting

•

A scanned copy of the Registration Form bearing

the stamp and sign of the entity should be

emailed to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com.

•

Non-Individual Members (i.e. other than

Individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) and Custodians are

required to log on to www.evotingindia.com and

register themselves in the “Corporates” module.

(b) Only those Members, who are present in

the AGM through VC/OAVM facility and

have not casted their vote on the Resolutions

through remote E-voting and are otherwise

not barred from doing so, shall be eligible

to vote through E-voting system available

during the AGM.

•

The list of accounts linked in the login should be

mailed to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com and

on approval of the accounts they would be able

to cast their vote.:

Managing Director of the

st

Company for a period of five years w.e.f. 1 August 2016 by:

Managing Director of the Company for a

st

further period of five years w.e.f. 1 August 2021 on the terms and remuneration determined by the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee of Directors, set out hereunder subject to the Members and such other approval(s), as may be

required.

In terms of Schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013, the relevant details are as under:

4. Financial Performance based on given indicators:

Profit Before Depreciation (Before Exceptional Item)

721.70

st

Particulars for the Financial Year ended 31 March 2021

` in Crore

Sales and Other Income

4,459.18

Profit After Tax

366.24

Profit Before Interest, Depreciation and Tax

864.22

5.

Foreign investments or collaborations, if any: Not

Applicable

II.

Information about the Appointee:

Under the dynamic guidance and supervision of

Smt. Singhania, the Company has undertaken

various efficiency improvements and capacity

enhancement projects, culminating into the

present capacity about 11.7 Million Tonnes and

Turnover touching 4,500 Crore. Group Cement

`

Capacity has been raised to about 13.50 Million

Tonnes. Establishment of RMC Plants spreading

over the Northern and Eastern part of India as

well as introducing newer product lines like POP

and AAC Blocks have added value to the

Company’s growth. The Company has also been

(1) Background details: Smt. Vinita Singhania,

aged 69 years, is a businesswoman and an

industrialist, with diversified and rich business

experience. Smt. Singhania has been Director of

several industrial and other companies. She has

long experience of managing cement business

and actively interacts with various association of

cement industry on important issues. Smt. Vinita

Singhania, has been the: Managing Director of

the Company since 2001 and was elevated to the

position of Vice

Managing Director has held the business strong

in the midst of slow down, CoVID-19 Pandemic

and intensifying competition in the cement

industry. In her visionary leadership, JK Lakshmi

Cement Ltd. has been one of the champions of

inclusive growth and had been undertaking

community development projects for overall

development and welfare of communities around

its business and plant locations. The Company

aspires to be a leading company in the Indian

cement industry while maintaining a clear focus

on social upliftment and environment protection

to the realization of a truly empowered society.

Her unflinching commitment for inclusive growth

model fosters a passion for changing the lives of

local communities that the Company operates in.

She has laid great emphasis on CSR activities of

the Company and the Company has made

India in Business Today Survey 2021; Dream

Companies to work For (Sectors) Awards 2021;

Golden Peacock Award For CSR 2019; Global HR

Excellence Awards 2020 for Best Workplace

Practices; Supervisory Skills Competition 2020 by

Confederation of Indian Industry; Water

Optimization Award 2020 for Best ZERO Liquid

Discharge Plant; cemWHR 2020 Award for

Energy efficiency performance improvement

jobs, and modifications carried out in WHRB;

Excellence Energy Efficient Unit Award 2020 for

Excellence in Energy Management; CII National

Award for Excellence in Water Management 2020

for Outstanding water management and water

conservation measures; Winner in DCs under PAT

sector Specific Circle Competition (11 Sector) and

Winner of Best Implementation of ISO 50001 /

EnMS.

(4) Job Profile and her suitability:

Smt. Vinita Singhania,Vice Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director, would

be available for inspection by the Members at the

Registered Office of the Company on any

working day upto and including the date of

the AGM.

The Board recommends the Resolution as set out

at Item No. 5 of the Notice for approval of the

Members by means of a Special Resolution.

Smt. Vinita Singhania for herself and through her

relatives, to the extent of their shareholding in the

Company, may be deemed to be concerned or

interested, financially or otherwise, in the Item

Nos. 3 & 5. None of the other Directors, Key

Managerial Personnel of the Company and/or

their relatives are in any way concerned or

interested, financially or otherwise in this behalf.

Dr. Raghupati Singhania, Non-Executive Director of the

Company, would be attaining the age of 75 years on

th

8 December 2021. Pursuant to Regulation 17(1A) of the

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the

Company is required to obtain approval of the Members by

means of a Special Resolution for continuation of his

directorship.

Item No. 6:

Managing Director of JK

Tyre & Industries Ltd. He is also Chairman of J.K. Fenner

(India) Ltd., Cavendish Industries Ltd. and JK Tornel, Mexico,

apart from being on the Board of various group companies

and Foundations in the fields of medical and education.

Dr. Singhania is the past Chairman of Automotive Tyre

Manufacturers Association and in the past he was President

of PHD Chamber of Commerce and Industry. He is also in

the National Council of CII, besides his association with

other important Business Councils, etc.

The existing Articles of Association (“AOA”) were adopted by

the Company at the time of its incorporation in 1938 and

are based on the provisions of the erstwhile Companies Act,

1956. Subsequently, some of the clauses were

amended/inserted, from time to time, to cater to specific

requirements. Consequent to the enactment of the

Companies Act, 2013 (the Act), the regulatory provisions

have undergone comprehensive changes which have

necessitated several amendments in AOA of the Company

including deletion of certain redundant Articles.

Accordingly, the Board of Directors of the Company

th

(the “Board”) at its meeting held on 20 May 2021,

recommended for approval of the Members for adoption of

new AOA in substitution of existing AOA to make it consistent

and align it with the provisions of the Act and the Rules made

thereunder. Copy of the proposed AOA is available on the

website of the Company at www.jklakshmicement.com and

would be available electronically for inspection by the

Members from the date of circulation of this Notice upto the

date of the AGM.

Dr. Raghupati Singhania for himself and through his

relatives including Shri Bharat Hari Singhania, Managing

Director of the Company, to the extent of their shareholding

in the Company, may be deemed to be concerned or

interested, financially or otherwise in the Resolution. None

of the other Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the

Company and/or their relatives are in any way concerned or

interested, financially or otherwise in the said Resolution.

As per the provisions of Section 14 and other applicable

provisions, if any, of the Act read with the Companies

Item No. 8

None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the

Company and/or their relatives, except to the extent of their

shareholding in the Company, if any, is concerned or

interested, financially or otherwise, in the said Resolution.

It may be recalled that at the Annual General Meeting of the

st

Company held on 31 August 2019 (AGM), the Members

gave approval for entering into Related Party Transactions

(RPTs) with Udaipur Cement Works Ltd. (Subsidiary

company) from the Financial Year 2019-20 and onwards,

upto a limit of 1,500 Crore, in each Financial Year, in the

`

ordinary course of the Company's business, subject to

requisite approval of the Audit Committee of Directors of the

Company, in each relevant financial year.

Udaipur Cement Works Ltd. (UCWL) has undertaken a new

Expansion Project (“Project”) at a Capital Outlay of approx.

`1,400 Crore for setting-up of an additional Clinker Unit

having Capacity of 1.50 Million Tonnes Per Annum with

Waste Heat Recovery System at its existing Plant in Udaipur,

Rajasthan and for setting-up of additional Cement Grinding

Units with Capacity of 2.50 Million Tonnes Per Annum. With

this, UCWL’s total cement capacity shall increase upto 4.70

Million Tonnes Per Annum and enable UCWL to strengthen

its Market presence. UCWL has requested the Company to

provide requisite financial and other support, including by

way of providing Corporate Guarantee on behalf of UCWL

in favour of its lenders for the Term Loans for the said Project

and to also make Promoters’ Contribution, as may be

required in connection therewith.

Pursuant to Regulation 23 of the Securities and Exchange

Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (Listing Regulations), a

transaction with a related party shall be considered material

if the transaction(s) to be entered into individually or taken

The Company has been rationalizing its operations for

optimizing production and sourcing Cement also from the

Integrated Cement Plant of UCWL. This has helped the

Company to not only reduce its logistics cost, but also

enabled increasing its market share in its operating

marketing zones. The Company was able to achieve higher

growth in the North-West market and better capacity

utilization than the Industry.

The Board of Directors of the Company, with a view to

maintain Company’s growth momentum and in keeping

with the present demand – supply scenario and the expected

demand growth in the next 3 – 4 years, considered it in the

best interest of the Company to extend requisite support to

UCWL to implement its above expansion Project.

(Incorporation) Rules, 2014, approval of the Members of the

Company by way of a Special Resolution is required for

alteration of AOA by adoption of new AOA in substitution of

existing AOA. Accordingly, the Board recommends the

Resolution as set out at Item No.7 of this Notice for approval

by the Members by means of a Special Resolution.:

Managing Director

of the Company who is also Chairperson of UCWL and her

relatives may be deemed to be concerned or interested,

financially or otherwise, in the said Resolution. None of the

other Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company

and/ or their relatives are in anyway concerned or

interested, financially or otherwise, in the said Resolution.

Item No. 9

The Members of the Company at their Annual General

st

Meeting held on 31 August 2019, appointed Ambassador

Bhaswati Mukherjee (DIN: 07173244) as an Independent

Director of the Company pursuant to Section 149 of the

Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) for a term of three

th

consecutive years w.e.f. 28 March 2019. Accordingly, her

present term as an Independent Director will determine on

th

27 March 2022. She is eligible for re-appointment as an

Independent Director of the Company for another term of

upto five consecutive years on passing of a Special

Resolution by the Company.

The Board, based on the performance evaluation and

recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee of Directors has re-appointed Ambassador

Bhaswati Mukherjee, for an another term of five consecutive

years, as an Independent Director of the Company, subject

to requisite approval of the Members.

together with previous transactions during a financial year,

exceeds 10% of the annual consolidated turnover of the

Company as per the last audited financial statements of the

Company. Accordingly, the proposed transactions with

UCWL for the Expansion Project shall be treated as Material

Related Party Transactions. Therefore, approval of the

Members will be required, pursuant to Regulation 23 of the

Listing Regulations.

For administrative convenience, it is considered desirable to

obtain one time omnibus approval of the Members for RPTs

to be entered into with UCWL in connection with said

expansion Project being implemented by UCWL, over a

st

period of four Financial Years, commencing from 1 April

st

2021 and ending on 31 March 2025 as mentioned in the

Resolution. It may be mentioned that this will be over and

above the RPTs of 1,500 Crore in the ordinary course of

`

business as already approved by the Members at the AGM

st

held on 31 August, 2019.

In the opinion of the Board, Ambassador Bhaswati

Mukherjee fulfills all conditions for re-appointment as an

Independent Director as specified in the Act read with Rules

made thereunder and the Listing Regulations and is

independent of the management. Further, she possess

appropriate skills, experience and knowledge. Considering

the contributions made by her during her existing tenure, the

Board is of the opinion that her continued association would

be in the best interest of the Company.

exists or may be reasonably anticipated that could impair or

impact her ability to discharge duties with an objective

independent judgment and without any external influence.

She has also confirmed that she is not disqualified to be re-

appointed as Director in terms of Section 164 of the Act and

not debarred from holding the office of Director by virtue of

any SEBI order or order of any other Authority.

The Members at the Annual General Meeting of the

th

Company held on 7 September 2016 (AGM), had

approved re-appointment of Shri Bharat Hari Singhania,

Chairman, as: Managing

Managing Director to Chairman and Non-executive

st

Director of the Company, effective from 1 October 2021.

that his continuation on the Board as the Non-executive

Chairman, would be in the best interest of the Company and

the Stakeholders. The Company and the Management will

continue to benefit seamlessly from his association by

leveraging his vast experience, valuable knowledge and

wisdom and deep understanding.

by refurbishing the Clinker line and adding another Cement

Mill to take its Cement Capacity to 1.6 Million Tonnes with

Clinker Capacity of 1.2 Million Tonnes. UCWL has since

turned into a profitable Company. It has just completed a

Balancing Project of Enhancing Clinker Capacity to 1.5

Million Tonnes and Cement Capacity to 2.2 Million Tonnes.

Further, UCWL has now taken up Implementation of an

Expansion Project for putting up a New Clinker Line of 1.50

Million Tonnes and Additional Cement Capacity of 2.50

Million Tonnes. The Project envisages a Capital Outlay of

` 1,400 Crore and is expected to be implemented over a

period of 3 years. After the completion of this Expansion

Project, UCWL’s Clinker capacity would stand increased to 3

Million Tonnes and Cement capacity to 4.70 Million Tonnes.

Shri Bharat Hari Singhania is Chairman of JK Paper Ltd.

and JK Agri Genetics Ltd. and Director of JK Tyre & Industries

Ltd. and several other companies and Chancellor of JK

Lakshmipat University, Jaipur. He is the past President of

Indian Chamber of Commerce and past Chairman of

Indian Jute Mills Association and Indian Jute Industries

Research Association, Kolkata and has been involved with

a large number of industry and professional bodies.

Shri Singhania has been a Member of various Government

bodies and Trade delegations. He has travelled widely in

India & overseas and has intense knowledge of various

industries and finance sector.

Besides, Shri Bharat Hari Singhania is heading various

philanthropic organizations of JK Group such as

Lakshmipat Singhania Education Foundation, Lakshmipat

Singhania Medical Foundation and Pushpawati Singhania

Hospital & Research Institute. He is also actively associated

with many other Academic Institutions which are run by

JK Group. Shri Singhania has a passion for promoting

educational institutions, CSR & health care, cultural &

philanthropic activities in various parts of the country.

Considering Shri Singhania deep knowledge of the industry

and rich business experience, the Board strongly believes

that it will be in the best interest of the Company to continue

to have Shri Singhania on the Board of Directors as Non-

executive Director. Further, with a view to continue to benefit

from Shri Singhania long association, the Board on the

recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration

Committee and as permitted under Regulation 27 of the

Listing Regulations, has sought approval of the Members to

provide certain facilities to Shri Bharat Hari Singhania to

enable him function effectively as Non-executive Chairman

st

w.e.f. 1 October 2021.

As a Chairman of the Board, Shri Singhania has

harmoniously conducted the meetings, actively participated

in discussions, and ensured that the policies, processes

and compliances are strengthened in the Company,

benchmarked with the best and duly observed.

Shri Singhania has held the business strong in the midst of

intensifying competition in the cement industry.:

MANAGING DIRECTOR

VINITA SINGHANIA

VICE CHAIRMAN &: MANAGING DIRECTOR

SUDHIR A. BIDKAR

CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

BRIJESH K. DAGA

Sr. VICE PRESIDENT & COMPANY SECRETARY

B. V. BHARGAVA

DIRECTOR

Dr. RAGHUPATI SINGHANIA

DIRECTOR

N. G. KHAITAN

DIRECTOR

Amb. BHASWATI MUKHERJEE

DIRECTOR

Dr. K. N. MEMANI

DIRECTOR

RAVI JHUNJHUNWALA

DIRECTOR

Dr. S. CHOUKSEY

S. K. WALI

WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR

WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Corporate Information

REGISTERED OFFICE

JAYKAYPURAM, DISTRICT SIROHI - 307019 (RAJASTHAN)

ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICE

NEHRU HOUSE, 4, BAHADUR SHAH ZAFAR MARG, NEW DELHI-110002

CEMENT PLANTS

RAJASTHAN

: BASANTGARH, JAYKAYPURAM, DISTRICT SIROHI - 307019

CHHATTISGARH : MALPURI KHURD, AHIWARA, DISTRICT DURG - 491001

GUJARAT

: MOTIBHOYAN, KALOL, DISTRICT GANDHINAGAR - 382010

GUJARAT

: VILLAGE DASTAN, TALUKA PALSANA, DISTRICT SURAT - 394310

HARYANA

: VILLAGE BAJITPUR, P.O. JHAMRI, DISTRICT JHAJJAR - 124507

ODISHA

: RADHASHYAMPUR, PO - KHUNTUNI, DISTRICT CUTTACK 754297

AUDITORS

S. S. KOTHARI MEHTA & COMPANY

CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS

BANKERS

STATE BANK OF INDIA | IDBI BANK LTD.

AXIS BANK LTD. | INDIAN BANK |

HDFC BANK LTD.

WEBSITE

www.jklakshmicement.com

CIN:L74999RJ1938PLC019511

Dear Stakeholders,

Humanity across the globe is facing a situation which has no precedent in living

history for any of us. We all respond to situation based on our experiences of

past but in a situation where there is no precedent available in the living history;

drawing inspirations from ancient wisdom can possibly lead us to that ray of

hope or light at the end of the tunnel. As we pass through these most turbulent,

uncertain, volatile phase in our living history; ‘Resilience’, ‘Responsiveness’ and

‘Reliability’ are three key words that come closest to what our scriptures point to

for determining the future of humanity.

Resilience

सÂव सख े स¼जयĬत रजः कमिĬ भारत।

ं

ु

ु

²ानमावÂय त ÿमाद े स¼जयÂय त॥

ृ

Srimad Bhagavad Gita Verse 14.9

A person who is of stable wisdom and is detached; is also a person full of

hope, is self aware, is adaptable; and hence is ‘Resilient’.

While the traits are relevant from the individual’s point of view; the process has

more signiﬁcance if the societies, countries, and humanity at large have to

bounce back in face of extreme adversity, trauma, tragedy or signiﬁcant stress.

The last quarter of FY 20 gave some hints; some indications of how the future is

likely to unfold in the coming quarters but with our living history or memories

offering very little perspectives into the unfolding future; many countries were

caught completely unaware and India was no such exception. As the ﬁrst

quarter of FY21 ended, the impact of the pandemic was felt across all Indian

economic sectors and the GDP dipped 23.9% y/y, recording the ﬁrst GDP

contraction in more than 40 years. Barring a few exceptions, the contraction

impacted almost every sector in the economy including construction. Even

though the economic growth forecasts changed almost on daily basis; most of

the sectors of the economy barring a few which were dependent on movement

of people or social interactions, strongly bounced back in the subsequent

quarters. The cement sector against the fears of demand contracting by as

much as 15 to 20 % over FY 20 could recover gradually from third quarter to

end with a degrowth of only about 7% when the year ended. Towards the last

quarter of the ﬁnancial year the cement demand was almost close to the

historical high seen in the FY 19.

It gives me a great sense of encouragement and satisfaction both that all our

stakeholders including employees, suppliers, dealers, customers etc. have

shown strong resolve as well as resilience in this hour of difﬁculty. Plant

operations despite being shut for more than a month during the lockdowns,

markets being fully or partially closed during ﬁrst half of the year; and labor

returning back to their native places during the pandemic; our overall

CMD’S Message

Out of suffering have

emerged the strongest souls;

the most massive characters

are seared with scars.

“

“

Kahlil Gibran

08 | JK Lakshmi Cement Limited:

Managing Director:

Dear Shareholders and Associates,

As you all are aware, the year gone by was extremely challenging; caused by

the global outbreak of COVID–19 pandemic. We may perhaps not forget the

unprecedented lockdowns, disrupted economies, businesses, and society, in a

manner that were never seen before. In India, the Pandemic had started in

March’20 and is still continuing after witnessing unexpected peaks resulting in

huge disruption of economic activities, impacting both the lives and the

livelihood of countless people. Indeed unfortunate!

The last couple of months, particularly April and May 2021, have been

extremely stressful and demanding for all of us. The second COVID wave has

hit us close to home and already there is a forecast of an impending third wave

which is a huge threat. The uncertainty coupled with fear and anxiety caused by

the Pandemic, is continuing to loom large in the minds of the people. We

however, ﬁrmly believe that our core values of commitment to excellence and

customer satisfaction, and our attitude of caring for our people, will enable us

to not only sail through this trying time but will enable us to emerge still

stronger and successful. Our sound corporate governance practices and

robust business fundamentals will continue to help us maximising long term

value for all the stakeholders.

This Pandemic has induced several behavioural changes in the lives and

working styles of people generally. Amidst such uncertainties, we have to not

only balance our emotions, anxieties and fears but also practice Resilience,

Responsiveness; and become Reliable. We have kept our focus and succeeded

in converting some of these thoughts into tangible actions by being Safe,

Smart, Sensitive & Compassionate which I shall elaborate in my address.

Being Safe

When the Pandemic broke out, sometime in the middle of March last year;

immediate challenge before us was to ensure safety of our employees,

business associates and other stakeholders on one hand and to protect our

Plants, operations and assets, on the other. In our sincere endeavour to ensure

safety for all, we were ‘Resilient’, ‘Responsive’ and ‘Reliable’ in all our activities,

at all levels. We religiously adhered to the Government Norms and guidelines

to close the plants and ofﬁces at right time; allowing ﬂexi-timings for attending

ofﬁces, enabling employees to work from home; sanitisation and distribution

of masks, sanitizers etc. Social distancing and other safety protocols were put

in place at all locations, and these included thermal scanning, contactless

transactions, complete sanitization of workplaces as a matter of routine,

sanitization of vehicles and so on. With the whole-hearted support of all our

stakeholders, our capabilities and commitment and above measures, we were

able to minimize the impact of the ﬁrst wave of the pandemic.

It is heartening to note that the timely and regular interventions by our

Government to ﬂatten the COVID curve through enforcement of stringent

health and safety measures, followed by huge vaccination drives and sizable

ﬁnancial and other support extended to the business and the Industry through

stimulus packages, have provided requisite life blood to the economic

activities and businesses and we are able to sense some signs of recovery of

the Indian Economy. India’s hiring rate has recovered moderately from 10% to

35% in May 2021 but the aftermath of second wave has left jobs increasingly:

Managing Director:

Managing Director, for a further period of 5

st

years w.e.f. 1 August 2021, subject to requisite approval of

the Members at the ensuing AGM. The Board recommends

her re-appointment.

th

The Members at the AGM held on 7 September 2016, had

approved re-appointment of Shri Bharat Hari Singhania

(DIN: 00041156), Chairman, as: Managing Director of the

st

Company for a period of five years w.e.f. 1 October 2016

th

till 30 September 2021. Shri Singhania has expressed his

desire not to seek re-appointment as Managing Director of

the Company for a fresh Term, after expiry of the current

th

term on 30 September 2021. However, on the request of

the Board, Shri Singhania has agreed to continue as a

Non-executive

Managing Director

48 | JK Lakshmi Cement Limited:

Managing Director

Name of Related

Nature of contracts/

Duration of

Salient terms of the

Date (s) of

Transaction

Party and Nature arrangements/

contracts/

Contracts or

approval by Amount

of relationship

transactions

arrangements/

arrangements or

the Board,

(` in Crore)

transactions

transactions including

if any

the value, if any

Udaipur Cement

Clinker Sale

June 2013

Sale of Clinker/other

N.A.*

4.47

Works Ltd. –

& other

ongoing

at Arm’s length price

Subsidiary

Company

Udaipur Cement

Sale of Cement

June 2018

Sale of Cement at

N.A.*

205.67

Works Ltd. –

ongoing

Arm’s length price

Subsidiary

Company

Udaipur Cement

Purchase of Cement

August 2018

Purchase of Cement at

N.A.*

298.87

Works Ltd. –

onwards

Arm’s length price

Subsidiary

Company

nd

Udaipur Cement

Corporate Guarantee

August 2018

Corporate Guarantee

2 August

270.00

Works Ltd. –

Given

onwards

by the Company to

2018

Subsidiary

Bank for sanctioning

Company

Term Loan

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 | 49:

Managing Director

(III) In case of imported technology (imported during the last three years reckoned from the beginning of

financial year):

a. The details of Technology Imported

1. Boiler for Captive Power Plant at Durg.

2. Flue Gas Desulpurization(FGD) for Captive Power Plant at Durg.

b. The year of import

Particulars

Year of Import

Boiler, for CPP

2018-19

FGD for CPP

2018-19

S.No.

Particulars

Amount (` in Crore)

1.

Capital Expenditure

-

2.

Revenue Expense

7.65

Total

7.65

C.

Foreign Exchange Earning and Outgo

S.No.

Particulars

Amount (` in Crore)

1.

Foreign Exchange Earnings

-

2.

Foreign Exchange Used (CIF value of Imports of Fuel, Stores & Spares,

298.93

Capital Goods, Consultancy Charges, Know-How Fee, etc.)

c. Whether the technology has been fully absorbed: Yes

d. If not fully absorbed, areas where absorption has not taken place and reason thereof: NA

(IV) The expenditure incurred on Research and Development:

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 | 51:

Managing Director

58 | JK Lakshmi Cement Limited:

letter

and spirit. The Company has in place a Code of

Corporate Ethics and Conduct reiterating its

commitment to maintain the highest standards in its

interface with stakeholders and clearly laying down the

core values and corporate ethics to be practiced by its

entire management cadre.

2. BOARD OF DIRECTORS

st

As on 31 March 2021, the Board of Directors of the

Company consists of Ten Directors comprising of four

Executive Directors and six Non-executive Directors

(NED) out of which five are Independent Directors (IND).

Four Board Meetings were held during the Financial Year

st

th

2020-21ended 31 March 2021 i.e. on 20 May 2020,

th

th

th

5 August 2020, 4 November 2020 and 29 January

2021. Attendance and other details of the Directors

st

for the Financial Year ended 31 March 2021 are

given below:

Name of the Directors

DIN

Category No. of Board Whether

No. of other Directorships and

Meetings

last AGM

Committee Memberships/

Attended

attended

Chairmanships held

(28.8.2020)

in other companies

Director- Committee

Committee

ships $

Memberships Chairmanships

@

@

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

Shri Bharat Hari Singhania,

00041156 Executive

4

No

4

-

-

Chairman &: Managing Director

Smt. Vinita Singhania,

00042983 Executive

4

Yes

5

-

-

Vice

Managing Director.

Relationship between Directors inter-se: Shri Bharat Hari

Singhania and Dr. Raghupati Singhania are brothers. None

of the other Directors are related to each other within the

meaning of the Act.

The number of Equity Shares of 5/- each held by the

`

st

Non-executive Directors as on 31 March 2021 are:

Shri B.V. Bhargava – 6,660 shares, Shri Nand Gopal

Khaitan – 15,948 shares and Dr. Raghupati Singhania –

4,43,348 shares [includes 1,30,316 shares held as Karta of

Dr. Raghupati Singhania (HUF)]. Dr. Kashi Nath Memani,

Amb. Bhaswati Mukherjee and Shri Ravi Jhunjhunwala do

not hold any shares in the Company. The Company does not

have any outstanding convertible instruments.

3.

SEPARATE MEETING OF THE INDEPENDENT

DIRECTORS

In accordance with the provisions of Schedule IV to the

Act and Regulation 25 of the Listing Regulations, a

separate meeting of the Independent Directors of the

th

Company was held on 29 January 2021. Shri Nand

Gopal Khaitan was unanimously elected as Chairman

of the meeting and all the Independent Directors of the

Company were present at the said Meeting.

4.

F A M I L I A R I S A T I O N P R O G R A M M E F O R

INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS

In accordance with the provisions of Regulation 25(7)

of the Listing Regulations, the Company has been

conducting various familiarisation programmes. The

details of such familiarisation programmes for

Independent Directors have been disclosed on the

website of the Company and the web link is

h t t p s : / / w w w. j k l a k s h m i c e m e n t . c o m / w p -

content/uploads/2020/04/familiarisation-

programme.pdf

5.

PERFORMANCE EVALUATION

As required, the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee of Directors specified the manner for

effective evaluation of performance of the Board, its

Committees and individual Directors in accordance

with the provisions of the Act and the Listing

Regulations.

The Board of Directors has made formal annual

evaluation of its own performance and that of its

committees and individual Directors pursuant to the

provisions of the Act and the corporate governance

requirements as prescribed under the Listing

Regulations.

Performance of the Board was evaluated after seeking

inputs from all the Directors on the basis of the criteria

such as adequacy of its composition and structure,

effectiveness of board processes, information and

functioning, etc. The performance of the committees

was evaluated by the Board after seeking inputs from

the committee members on the basis of criteria such as

composition of committees, terms of reference of

committees, effectiveness of the committee meetings,

participation of the members of the committee in the

meetings, etc.

The Board carried out evaluation of the performance

of individual Directors on the basis of criteria such as

attendance and effective participation and

contributions at the meetings of the Board and its

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 | 61:

Managing Director

was evaluated, taking into account the views of

Executive and Non- executive Directors of the

Company. The Chairman of the Meeting of the

Independent Directors apprised the Board about the

evaluation carried by it and that the Independent

Directors were fully satisfied in this regard.

6.

AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Company has an Audit Committee of Directors since

1987. The composition and the ‘Terms of Reference’ of

the Committee are in conformity with the provisions of

Section 177 of the Act and Regulation 18 of the Listing

Regulations as amended from time to time.

The Committee consists of four Directors, out of which

three are Independent Directors (IND) and one is Non-

executive Director (NED). Four meetings of the Audit

Committee were held during the financial year ended

st

31 March 2021.

62 | JK Lakshmi Cement Limited:

Managing Director

2..

Smt. Vinita Singhania

7.59

0.40

0.08

11.00

19.07

Vice Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director (Chairperson),

Shri N.G Khaitan, Independent Director; Dr. S.

Chouksey and Shri S. K. Wali, Whole-time

Directors of the Company. The other Members

are Shri S.A. Bidkar, Chief Financial Officer;

Shri S. Ramesh, Senior Vice President (Materials)

and Shri Arun K. Shukla (appointed as member

th

w.e.f. 20 May 2021). During the year, one

th

meeting of the RMC was held on 5 August 2020

which was attended by all the members.

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 | 65:

Managing Director

70 | JK Lakshmi Cement Limited:

Managing Director

VINITA SINGHANIA Vice Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

VINITA SINGHANIA Vice Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

VINITA SINGHANIA Vice Chairman &: Managing

letter of credit which can be called upon if the counterparty is in default under the terms of the

agreement.

1.3 Investment in Equity Shares

Investment in Equity Securities are initially measured at cost. Any subsequent fair value gain or loss is recognized

through Statement of Profit and Loss if such investments in Equity Securities are held for trading purposes. The

fair value gains or losses of all other Equity Securities are recognized in Other Comprehensive Income.

1.4 Investment in Associates, Joint Ventures and Subsidiaries

The Company has accounted for its investment in subsidiaries, associates and joint venture at cost.

1.5 Derecognition of Financial Assets

A Financial Asset is primarily derecognized when:

• The right to receive cash flows from asset has expired, or

98 | JK Lakshmi Cement Limited:

Managing Director (Chief Operating Decision Maker).

The Chief Operational Decision Maker monitors the operating results of its business Segments separately for the

purpose of making decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment. Segment performance is

evaluated based on each segments profit or loss and is measured consistently with profit or loss in the financial

statements.

(21) Cash dividend

The Company recognises a liability to pay dividend to equity holders of the Company when the distribution is

authorised and the distribution is no longer at the discretion of the Company. As per the corporate laws in India, a

distribution is authorised when it is approved by the shareholders. A corresponding amount is recognised directly in

104 | JK Lakshmi Cement Limited:

letter of credits/part

advance payments/post dated cheques. The outstanding’s of different parties are reviewed periodically at different level

of organization. The outstanding from the trade segment is secured by two tier security – security deposit from the

dealer himself, and our business associates who manage the dealers are also responsible for the outstanding from any

of the dealers in their respective region. Impairment analysis is performed based on historical data at each reporting

period on an individual basis.

The aging of trade receivables are as below:-

` in Crore (10 Million)

Particulars

Neither Due

Past Due

Total

not Impaired

Upto 6

6 to 12

Above 12

months

months

months

As at 31st March’2021

Secured

4.62

0.58

-

0.06

5.26

Unsecured

34.14

4.56

0.77

14.47

53.94

Gross Total

38.76

5.14

0.77

14.53

59.20

Provision for doubtful

-

-

-

(5.52)

(5.52)

Net total

38.76

5.14

0.77

9.01

53.68

As at 31st March’2020

Secured

4.11

4.61

0.16

0.11

8.99

Unsecured

32.73

40.25

2.92

7.25

83.15

Total

36.84

44.86

3.08

7.36

92.14

Provision for doubtful

-

-

-

(3.92)

(3.92)

Net Total

36.84

44.86

3.08

3.44

88.22

Financial Instruments and Deposits with Banks:

The Company considers factors such as track record, size of institution, market reputation and service standards to

select the bank with which balances and deposits are maintained. Generally, balances are maintained with the

institutions with which the Company has also availed borrowings. The Company does not maintain significant cash and

deposit balances other than those required for its day to day operation.

Particulars

As at

As at

st

st

31 March 2021

31 March 2020

Increase in interest in basis points

+ 25

+ 25

Effect on profit/(loss) before tax

(2.17)

(3.39)

Decrease in interest in basis points

- 25

- 25

Effect on profit/(loss) before tax

2.17

3.39

` in Crore (10 Million)

JK Lakshmi Cement Limited

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the Year ended March 31, 2021

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 | 119:

Managing Director

Smt. Vinita Singhania

Vice Chairman &: Managing

Letter of Credit

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Note-64 Based on information available with the Company in respect of MSME (‘The Micro Small & Medium Enterprises

Development Act 2006’). The details are as under:

` in Crore (10 Million)

2020-21

2019-20

I.

Principal and Interest amount due and remaining unpaid as

12.62

7.51

at 31st March 2021.

II.

Interest paid in terms of section 16 of the MSME Act during the year Nil

-

-

(previous year - Nil).

III.

The amount of Interest due and payable for the period of delay in making

-

-

payment (which have been paid but beyond the appointed day during the

year) but without adding the interest specified – Nil (previous year - Nil).

IV.

Payment made beyond the appointed day during the year Nil

-

-

(previous year - Nil).

V.

Interest Accrued and unpaid as at 31st March 2021 Nil (previous year - Nil).

-

-

Note-65 Udaipur Cement Works Limited (UCWL), a 72.54% Subsidiary of the Company had completed its Revival &

Rehabilitation Scheme in March 2017.

The Company has given Corporate Guarantee to the Trustees of NCDs of ` 10.00 Crore (Outstanding as on

31.3.2021 is ` 10 Crore) issued on private placement basis by its wholly owned Subsidiary Hansdeep Industries &

134 | JK Lakshmi Cement Limited:

Managing Director

VINITA SINGHANIA Vice Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

VINITA SINGHANIA Vice Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

VINITA SINGHANIA Vice Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

VINITA SINGHANIA Vice Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

VINITA SINGHANIA Vice Chairman &: Managing

letter of credit which can be called upon if the counterparty is in default under the terms of the agreement.

1.3 Investment in Equity Shares

Investment in Equity Securities are initially measured at cost. Any subsequent fair value gain or loss is recognized

through Statement of Profit and Loss if such investments in Equity Securities are held for trading purposes. The fair

value gains or losses of all other Equity Securities are recognized in Other Comprehensive Income.

1.4 Investment in Associates, Joint Ventures and Subsidiaries

The Group has accounted for its investment in subsidiaries, associates and joint venture at cost.

1.5 Derecognition of Financial Assets

A Financial Asset is primarily derecognized when:

•

The right to receive cash flows from asset has expired, or

•

The Group has transferred its right to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation to pay

the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a “pass-through” arrangement

and either:

a)

The Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or

b)

The Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has

transferred control of the asset.

When the Group has transferred its right to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass

through arrangement, it evaluates if and to what extent it has retained the risks and rewards of ownership.

When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all of the risks and rewards of the asset, nor

transferred control of the asset, the Group continues to recognize the transferred asset to the extent of the

Group’s continuing involvement. In that case, the Group also recognizes an associated liability. The

transferred asset and the associated liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations

that the Group has retained.

Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the

lower of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group

could be required to repay.

2.

Financial Liabilities

2.1 Definition

Financial liabilities include Long-term and Short-term Loans and Borrowings, Trade and Other payables and

Other eligible Current and Non-current Liabilities.

(a) Initial Recognition and Measurement

All financial liabilities are recognized initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and

payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs.

The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and other payables, loans and borrowings including bank

overdrafts, and derivative financial instruments.

(b) Subsequent Measurement

The measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification, as described below :

i) Financial Liabilities at Fair Value through Profit or Loss

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading. The

Group has not designated any financial liabilities upon initial measurement recognition at fair value

through profit or loss. Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are at each reporting date at

fair value with all the changes recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss.

ii) Financial Liabilities measured at Amortized Cost

After initial recognition, interest bearing loans and borrowings are subsequently measured at amortized

cost using the effective interest rate method (‘’EIR’’) except for those designated in an effective hedging

relationship. The carrying value of borrowings that are designated as hedged items in fair value hedges

that would otherwise be carried at amortized cost are adjusted to record changes in fair values

attributable to the risks that are hedged in effective hedging relationship.

Amortized cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fee or

costs that are an integral part of the EIR. The EIR amortization is included in finance costs in the Statement

of Profit and Loss.

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 | 153:

Managing Director (Chief Operating Decision Maker).

The Chief Operational Decision Maker monitors the operating results of its business Segments separately for the

purpose of making decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment. Segment performance is

evaluated based on each segments profit or loss and is measured consistently with profit or loss in the financial

statements.

158 | JK Lakshmi Cement Limited:

Letter of Credits/part

advance payments/post dated cheques. The Outstanding’s of different parties are reviewed periodically at different

level of organization. The outstanding from the trade segment is secured by two tier security – security deposit from the

dealer himself, and our business associates who manage the dealers are also responsible for the outstanding from any

of the dealers in their respective region. Impairment analysis is performed based on historical data at each reporting

period on an individual basis.

The Aging of Trade Receivables are as below:-

` in Crore (10 Million)

Particulars

Neither Due

Past Due

Total

not Impaired

Upto 6

6 to 12

Above 12

months

months

months

As at 31st March’2021

Secured

4.73

0.58

-

0.06

5.37

Unsecured

34.74

4.66

0.78

14.47

54.65

Gross Total

39.47

5.24

0.78

14.53

60.02

Provision for Doubtful

-

-

-

(5.52)

(5.52)

Net Total

39.47

5.24

0.78

9.01

54.50

As at 31st March’2020

Secured

4.56

4.60

0.16

0.12

9.44

Unsecured

36.68

43.47

3.01

7.24

90.40

Gross Total

41.24

48.07

3.17

7.36

99.84

Provision for Doubtful

-

-

-

(3.92)

(3.92)

Net Total

41.24

48.07

3.17

3.44

95.92

Financial Instruments and Deposits with Banks:

he Group considers factors such as track record, size of institution, market reputation and service standards to select the

bank with which balances and deposits are maintained. Generally, balances are maintained with the institutions with

which the Group has also availed borrowings. The Group does not maintain significant cash and deposit balances

other than those required for its day to day operation.

` in Crore (10 Million)

JK Lakshmi Cement Limited

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statement for the Year ended March 31, 2021

174 | JK Lakshmi Cement Limited:

Letter of Credit

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

186 | JK Lakshmi Cement Limited:

Managing Director

Smt. Vinita Singhania

Vice Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

VINITA SINGHANIA Vice Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

VINITA SINGHANIA Vice Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

VINITA SINGHANIA

Vice Chairman &: Managing

