Managing Director within the overall limits approved herein and

to settle any question or difficulties in connection therewith or

incidental thereto.”

5.

To consider and if thought fit to pass, with or without

modification(s), the following as a Special Resolution:

“RESOLVED that pursuant to the provisions of Sections 196,

197, 198, 203, Schedule V and other applicable provisions, if

any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (Act) and rules thereunder,

the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (Listing

Regulations) or any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s)

thereof, appointment of Shri Anshuman Singhania (Director

Identification Number: 02356566) as: Managing Director of the

Company for a period of five years with effect from 21st October

2020, be and is hereby approved on the terms and remuneration

3, Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg, New Delhi-110 002

NOTICE

as set out in the Statement under Section 102 of the Act annexed

hereto which shall be deemed to form part hereof, which in any

financial year may exceed the limits specified in Section 197 and

Schedule V of the Act and the Listing Regulations; and in the

event of inadequacy or absence of profits under Section 197

and all other applicable provisions of the Act in any financial

year or years during the term of appointment, the remuneration

comprising salary, performance linked incentive, perquisites,

allowances and benefits, as approved herein be paid as minimum

remuneration to the said Managing Director for a period or periods

not exceeding three years in the aggregate and the approval

accorded herein shall also be deemed to be the approval by way

of special resolution as contemplated under Section 197(10) read

with Schedule V of the Act and/or Regulation 17 of the Listing

Regulations, as may be applicable.

RESOLVED FURTHER that the Board of Directors of the

Company or a Committee thereof be and is hereby authorized

to vary and/ or revise the remuneration of the said Managing

Director within the overall limits approved herein and to settle

any question or difficulties in connection therewith or incidental

thereto.”

6.

To consider and if thought fit to pass, with or without

modification(s), the following as a Special Resolution:

“RESOLVED that pursuant to the provisions of Sections 196,

197, 198, 203, Schedule V and other applicable provisions,

if any, of the Companies Act 2013 (Act) and rules thereunder

or any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, re-

appointment of Shri Arun K. Bajoria (Director Identification

Number: 00026540) as Whole-time Director with the designation

‘Director & President- International Operations’ of the Company

for a period of three years with effect from 20th January 2022 be

and is hereby approved on the terms and remuneration as set out

in the Statement under Section 102 of the Act annexed hereto

which shall be deemed to form part hereof, which in any financial

year may exceed the limits specified in Section 197 and Schedule

V of the Act and the Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 (Listing Regulations); and in the event of inadequacy or

absence of profits under Section 197 and all other applicable

provisions of the Act in any financial year or years during the term

of appointment, the remuneration comprising salary, performance

linked incentive, perquisites, allowances and benefits, as

approved herein be paid as minimum remuneration to the said

Whole-time Director for a period or periods not exceeding three

years in the aggregate and the approval accorded herein shall

also be deemed to be the approval by way of special resolution

as contemplated under Section 197(10) read with Schedule V of

the Act and/or Regulation 17 of the Listing Regulations, as may

be applicable.

RESOLVED FURTHER that the

letter,

etc. together with attested specimen signature of the

duly authorized signatory who are authorized to vote,

to the Scrutinizer and to the Company at the email

address i.e., investorjktyre@jkmail.com, if they have

voted from individual tab & not uploaded same in the

CDSL e-Voting system for the scrutinizer to verify the

same.

B.

INSTRUCTIONS FOR SHAREHOLDERS ATTENDING THE

AGM THROUGH VC/OAVM & E-VOTING DURING THE

MEETING ARE AS UNDER:

(i)

The procedure for attending Meeting & e-Voting on the day

of the AGM is same as the instructions mentioned above for

Remote e-Voting.

(ii)

The link for VC/OAVM to attend meeting will be available

where the EVSN of Company will be displayed after

successful login as per the instructions mentioned above for

Remote e-Voting.

(iii) Shareholders who have voted through Remote e-Voting will

be eligible to attend the meeting. However, they will not be

eligible to vote at the AGM.

(iv) Shareholders are encouraged to join the Meeting through

Laptops/ IPads for better experience.

(v)

Further, shareholders will be required to allow camera and

use Internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance

during the Meeting.

(vi) Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile

Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via Mobile

Hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss due to fluctuation

in their respective network. It is, therefore, recommended to

use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate any kind of

aforesaid glitches.

(vii) Shareholders who would like to express their views/ask

questions during the Meeting may register themselves as

a speaker by sending their request in advance i.e., on or

before 19th August 2021 mentioning their name, demat

account number/folio number, email id, mobile number at

investorjktyre@jkmail.com. The shareholders who do not

wish to speak during the AGM but have queries may send

their queries prior to meeting i.e., on or before 19th August

2021 mentioning their name, demat account number/folio

number, email id, mobile number at investorjktyre@jkmail.

com. These queries will be replied to by the Company

suitably by email.

The Company reserves the right to restrict the number

of questions and number of speakers, depending upon

availability of time as appropriate for smooth conduct of the

AGM.

(viii) Those shareholders who have registered themselves as

a speaker will only be allowed to express their views/ask

questions during the Meeting.

(ix) Only those shareholders, who are present in the AGM

through VC/OAVM facility and have not casted their vote on

the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are otherwise

not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through

e-Voting system available during the AGM.

(x)

If any votes are cast by the shareholders through the

e-Voting available during the AGM and if the same

shareholders have not participated in the Meeting through

VC/OAVM facility, then the votes cast by such shareholders

shall be considered invalid as the facility of e-Voting during

the Meeting is available only to the shareholders attending

the Meeting.

C.

PROCESS

FOR

THOSE

SHAREHOLDERS

WHOSE

EMAIL ADDRESSES ARE NOT REGISTERED WITH THE

DEPOSITORIES FOR OBTAINING LOGIN CREDENTIALS

FOR E-VOTING FOR THE RESOLUTIONS PROPOSED IN

THIS NOTICE:

(i)

For Physical shareholders - please provide necessary

details like Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy

of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self attested

scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self attested

scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to investorjktyre@

jkmail.com or rta@alankit.com.:

Managing Director of the Company for a tenure of five

years w.e.f. 1st October 2021 on the terms and remuneration set out

hereunder subject to the approval of the Shareholders and such other

necessary approval(s), as may be required.

In terms of Schedule V to the Companies Act 2013, the relevant details

are as under:

I.

General Information:

(1) Nature of Industry: Automotive Tyres and Tubes.

(2) Date or expected date of commencement of commercial

production: The first Tyre Plant of the Company commenced

commercial production in the month of January 1977.

(3) In case of new companies, expected date of commencement of

activities as per project approved by financial institution appearing

in the prospectus: Not Applicable

(4) Financial performance based on given indicators:

Particulars for the Financial Year

ended 31st March 2021

` in Crore

- Sales and Other Income

- Profit before Interest, Depreciation

and Tax

- Profit Before Tax

6,170.12

886.61

395.56

(5) Foreign investments or collaborations, if any: Not Applicable

II.

Information about the appointee:

(1) Background, Recognition or Awards details: Dr. Raghupati

Singhania, age 74 years, holds a Bachelors’ Degree in Science.

He is an Industrialist with about 55 years’ experience in managing

various industries including Automotive Tyres and Tubes, Power

Transmission - V Belts, Conveyor Belting, Automotive Belts,

Oil Seals, Industrial Electronics and Material Handling System,

Hybrid Seeds, Steel Products, etc. Dr. Singhania is on the Board

of Directors of various well-known public limited companies and

is Chairman of J.K. Fenner (India) Ltd. and Cavendish Industries

Ltd. He is past Chairman of Automotive Tyre Manufacturers

Association and in the past, he was also President of PHD

Chamber of Commerce and Industry. He is also associated

with number of institutes in the medical research and education

sectors, besides serving number of trades and industry bodies

such as CII, ASSOCHAM and CAPAXIL in various capacities.

Dr. Raghupati Singhania, a promoter director, has been on the

Board of the Company since 29th May 1967 and as Managing

Director of the Company since 1975.

During this period, the Company started with annual capacity of

5 lac tyres in the year 1977, in the backward district in the State

of Rajasthan. Since then the Company has been expanding and

upgrading its manufacturing facilities, as detailed in para (3)

hereunder.

With the expansions and new plants, JK Tyre has grown manifold

over the years and today is one of the top 25 tyre companies in

the world.

Dr. Raghupati Singhania has also been inducted into the “TIA Hall

of Fame 2015” on 2nd November 2015, which is the highest honor

any Individual in the Tyre Industry can achieve in the world. The

Tyre Industry Association (TIA), USA, honoured Dr. Singhania

for his distinguished and exemplary service towards growth and

development of the tyre industry. He is the third Asian to receive

this coveted award in the last 30 years.

In the special issue of Business Today (January 1, 2017),

Dr. Singhania has also been listed amongst India’s best CEOs.

Dr. Singhania also received Industry leadership Award from

Indo-American Chamber of Commerce.

During the FY 2018-19, H.E. the President of Mexico bestowed

the Mexican Order of the Aztec Eagle on Dr. Raghupati

Singhania, which is the highest distinction, awarded by the:

Managing Director shall be entitled to such

remuneration as he may be then drawing, as specified in

paras (A), (B) and (C) above, as minimum remuneration

and be also entitled to perquisites mentioned in paras

(E), (F) and (G) above which shall not be included in the

computation of the ceiling on minimum remuneration in

terms of provisions of Section II of Part II of Schedule V

to the Companies Act, 2013 or any statutory modifications

thereto or re-enactments thereof.

(3) Job Profile and his suitability: Dr. Raghupati Singhania as: Managing

Managing Director of the Company for a

further period of five years commencing 1st October 2021.

(4) Remuneration proposed: The Nomination and Remuneration

Committee and the Board of Directors of the Company at their

respective meetings held on 19th May 2021 approved the terms of

remuneration for the five years tenure of Dr. Raghupati Singhania

as Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director of the Company for a tenure of five years with

effect from 21st October 2020 on the terms and remuneration set out

hereunder subject to the approval of the shareholders and such other

necessary approval(s), as may be required.

In terms of Schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013, the relevant

details are as under:

I.

General Information:

(1) Nature of Industry: Automotive Tyres and Tubes.

(2) Date or expected date of commencement of commercial

production: The first Tyre Plant of the Company commenced

commercial production in the month of January 1977.

(3) In case of new companies, expected date of commencement of

activities as per project approved by financial institution appearing

in the prospectus: Not Applicable

(4) Financial performance based on given indicators:

Particulars for the Financial Year

ended 31st March 2021

` in Crores

- Sales and Other Income

- Profit before Interest, Depreciation

and Tax

- Profit Before Tax

6,170.12

886.61

395.56

(5) Foreign investments or collaborations, if any: Not Applicable

II.

Information about the appointee:

(1) Background, Recognition or Awards details:

Shri Anshuman Singhania, age 41 years, joined the Company as

an executive on 1st January, 2007 and over the years has been

deeply involved as an Executive, Vice President (Operations),

Whole-time Director and as Dy.: Managing Director in the areas

of strategic planning, manufacturing & technology, product

development, expansion (organic and inorganic), quality control,

technology services, business process re-engineering, corporate

governance, risk management, alignment of HR practices with

Company’s vision, exports, marketing and sales including brand

positioning, new age social media and digital marketing, costing

and budget, IT services including latest tools of data analytics, etc.

Shri Anshuman Singhania is a promoter director and is an Industrialist

with about 16 years experience. He has been on the Board of the

Company since 16th March 2016. Shri Anshuman Singhania has

taken some of the transformative initiatives which include – supply

chain management, sales force effectiveness, plant automation,

IT, ERP & SAP implementation, cost reduction initiatives, closely

working on implementing key reforms initiatives, closely involved

with the R&D and product development centre team, etc.

Shri Anshuman Singhania is a graduate BBA (Hons. Business &

Management Degree) and also holds a post Graduate Diploma

from International Management Institute, New Delhi. He has

undergone training with Standard Chartered Bank-UK; Free

Markets- Singapore; Ernst & Young-Delhi where he was engaged

in their Management Consultancy Division. He is also an alumni

of London Business School and has done Emerging Leaders

Programme from London Business School in the year 2011.

Shri Singhania attended all the four board meetings of the

Company held during the financial year ended 31st March 2021.

Shri Singhania holds 2,44,875 Equity Shares of ` 2/- each of the

Company.

His other Directorships are - He is a Director of Niyojit Properties

Private Ltd. and Vice

Managing Director, commencing 21st October 2020 as under:

(A) Salary: ` 35.0 Lakh per month with such increments as

may be decided by the Board from time to time in the salary

range of ` 30.0 Lakh per month to ` 60.0 Lakh per month.

(B) Perquisites, allowances and benefits: Free furnished

residential accommodation or house rent allowance in lieu

thereof together with furnishings, with gas, electricity, water

and other amenities, car(s) with driver(s), reimbursement

of medical expenses incurred in India or abroad including

hospitalisation and surgical charges for self and family and

travel relating thereto; and other perquisites, allowances

and benefits including but not restricted to reimbursement

of expenses on servants, telephones, leave travel including

foreign travel for self and family, fees of clubs, personal

accident insurance, etc. and any other perquisites,

allowances and benefits as may be sanctioned by the Board

from time to time. The perquisites shall be evaluated as per

actual cost or the Income-tax Rules, as applicable.

(C) Performance Linked Incentive, as may be decided by the

Board from time to time.

(D) Commission: 2% of the net profits computed under Section

198 of the Companies Act, or more as may be decided by

the Board from time to time. The term “Board” as mentioned

above shall include any Committee of Directors authorised

by the Board.

(E) Contribution to Provident Fund, Superannuation Fund or

Annuity Fund as may be applicable, as per rules of the

Company.

(F) Gratuity at the rate of 15 days salary for each completed

year of service.

(G) Encashment of unavailed leave.

(H) The Board may, from time to time, increase, modify, vary

or alter the salary (including salary range), perquisites,

allowances, Performance Linked Incentive and other

benefits subject to the limits approved herein.

(I)

In the event of inadequacy or absence of profits under

Sections 197 and other applicable provisions of the

Companies Act, 2013 in any financial year or years during

the term of appointment, the: Managing

Managing Director/Managing

Director of the Company from time to time.

B.

Perquisites,

allowances

and

benefits:

Perquisites

comprising provision of residential accommodation or house

rent allowance in lieu thereof together with furnishings,

reimbursement of medical expenses incurred including

hospitalization and surgical charges for self and family and

travel relating thereto and leave travel including foreign

travel for self and family, club fees, premium on personal

accident insurance, car(s) with driver, telephone etc., and

such other perquisites, benefits and allowances as may be

decided by the Chairman &: Managing Director/Managing

Director of the Company. The perquisites shall be evaluated

as per the actual cost or Income-tax Rules, as applicable.

The above perquisites, allowances and benefits will be as

per the schemes, policies and the Rules of the Company as

applicable from time to time subject to any change as may

be decided by the

Managing Director/Managing

Director of the Company from time to time.

B.

Perquisites,

allowances

and

benefits:

Perquisites

comprising

provision

of

residential

accommodation

or house rent allowance in lieu thereof together with

furnishings, reimbursement of medical expenses incurred

including hospitalization and surgical charges for self and

family and travel relating thereto and leave travel including

foreign travel for self and family, club fees, premium on

personal accident insurance, car(s) with driver, telephone

etc., and such other perquisites, benefits and allowances

as may be decided by the Chairman &: Managing Director/

Managing Director of the Company. The perquisites shall

be evaluated as per the actual cost or Income-tax Rules, as

applicable.

The above perquisites, allowances and benefits will be as

per the schemes, policies and the Rules of the Company as

applicable from time to time subject to any change as may

be decided by the

Managing Director of the

Company since 1994. He is an industrialist with over 60 years of

experience. Presently, he is also President of J.K. Organisation.

Considering his vast experience and deep knowledge in the areas

of sustainable & long-term financial structuring, policy planning,

corporate governance practices, strategy and other long-term

developmental activities; it is considered that his availability to

the Company will be in the overall interest of the Company and

its stakeholders, since the Company and management will derive

the benefits seamlessly by leveraging on his vast experience and

deep understanding and knowledge.

Shri Singhania attended all the four board meetings of the

Company held during the financial year ended 31st March 2021.

Shri Singhania holds 10,94,723 Equity Shares of ` 2/- each of the

Company. Shri Singhania is Commerce graduate.

His other Directorships are - (A) Listed Companies - He is

Chairman of JK Paper Ltd., JK Agri Genetics Ltd., Bengal &

Assam Company Ltd. and Chairman &: Managing Director of JK

Lakshmi Cement Ltd. (B) Unlisted Companies – Dhanlakshmi

Building Development Private Ltd., BH Singhania Trading Private

Ltd., Rockwood Properties Private Ltd., Tanvi Commercial Private

Ltd., Hari Shankar Singhania Holdings Private Ltd., HSS Stock

Holding Private Ltd., Pushpawati Singhania Hospital & Research

Institute and Henry F. Cockill & Sons Ltd. Shri Bharat Hari

Singhania is a member of Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee

of JK Lakshmi Cement Ltd. (

Managing Director and their relatives to the extent of

their shareholding, if any, in the Company, none of the other Directors

or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and/ or their relatives

is concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the aforesaid

Resolutions.

Item no. 8

As per Section 181 of the Companies Act 2013, the Board may

contribute to bona fide charitable and other funds, in any financial

year, up to 5% of its average net profits for the three immediately

preceding financial years. Contribution to such funds in any financial

year can exceed 5% of the average net profits for the three immediately

preceding financial years, with prior permission of the Company in

general meeting.

Accordingly, the members of the Company at their Annual General

Meeting held on 25th September 2014 authorized the Board to

contribute to bona fide charitable and other funds, sum or sums up to

` 10 Crores or 5% of the average net profits of the Company for the

three immediately preceding financial years, whichever is higher, in

any financial year.

From time to time, the Company is required to contribute to various

national, charitable, social, benevolent, research institutes, educational

institutes

and

other

funds/institutions/hospitals/

trusts/entities,

foundations, etc. for the larger benefit of the society, sustainability,

environment, technology, health sector, etc.

In view of the above, it is for consideration to seek authorisation of the

members of the Company to the Board of Directors to contribute to

bona fide charitable and other funds, sum or sums up to ` 25 Crore or

5% of the average net profits of the Company for the three immediately

preceding financial years, whichever is higher, in any financial year.

The Board recommends the aforesaid resolution for approval of the

members.

None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company

and/or their relatives is concerned or interested, financially or

otherwise, in the aforesaid resolution.

Item no. 9

The Board at its meeting held on 19th May 2021, on the recommendation

of the Audit Committee, has appointed M/s R.J. Goel & Co., Cost

Accountants as the Cost Auditors to conduct the audit of the cost

records of the Company for the financial year commencing 1st April

2021 at a remuneration of ` 2,50,000/- (Rupees Two Lakh and Fifty

Thousand Only), in addition to applicable taxes, etc.

In accordance with the provisions of Section 148 of the Companies

Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014,

the remuneration as mentioned above, payable to the Cost Auditors

has to be ratified by the shareholders of the Company.

The Board recommends aforesaid resolution for the approval of the

members.

None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company

and/or their relatives is concerned or interested, financially or

otherwise, in the aforesaid resolution.

Item no. 10

The Company acquired Cavendish Industries Ltd. (CIL) in the financial

year 2016-17 and as on date it holds 86.41% equity shares directly

and through its wholly owned subsidiary.

Pursuant to Regulation 23 of the Securities and Exchange Board of

India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 (Listing Regulations), a transaction with a related party shall be

considered material if the transaction(s) to be entered into individually

or taken together with previous transactions during a financial year,

exceeds 10% of the annual consolidated turnover of the Company as

per the last audited financial statements of the Company.

Since CIL, a subsidiary and a related party, manufactures automotive

tyres under its own brand name as well as in the brand name of the

Company, it is estimated that during the financial year 2021-22, the

Company will enter into transactions with CIL aggregating to ` 1,250

Crore, exceeding the threshold limit of 10% of the Company’s

consolidated annual turnover for the financial year ended 31st March

2021. Accordingly, the transactions will be deemed to be material

related party transactions, as aforesaid. The transactions with CIL

will be at arm’s length and in the ordinary course of business of the

Company. Therefore, the transactions will be outside the ambit of

Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013.

The transactions with CIL as aforesaid - which will mainly be in the

nature of purchase of tyres, sale/purchase of raw material as well

as other miscellaneous items, availment/rendering of services, etc.-

will enable the Company to leverage on economies of scale and will

optimize on other operational costs. The transactions are therefore

considered to be in the interest of the Company and aimed at

enhancing the operational efficiencies and the shareholder’s value.

The proposed transactions will be with due approval of the Audit

Committee of Directors of the Company.

It is therefore considered desirable to obtain approval of the

shareholders for the related party transactions entered/to be entered

with CIL, pursuant to Regulation 23 of the said Listing Regulations.

The Board recommends aforesaid resolution for the approval of the

members.

None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company

and/or their relatives is concerned or interested, financially or

otherwise, in the aforesaid resolution.

Regd. Office:

By Order of the Board

Jaykaygram, PO-Tyre Factory,

Kankroli - 313 342(Rajasthan)

Phone: 02952-233400/233000

Fax: 02952-232018

Email id: investorjktyre@jkmail.com

CIN: L67120RJ1951PLC045966

Pawan Kumar Rustagi

Website: www.jktyre.com

Vice President (Legal)

Date: 19th May 2021

& Company Secretary:

Managing Director

22

From the: Managing

Managing Director

Vimal Bhandari

Director

Bakul Jain

Director

Anshuman Singhania: Managing

Managing Director

Annual Report 2020-21 | 13

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements:

Managing Director

18 | JK Tyre & Industries Limited:

Managing Director

JK Tyre Plant, Chennai

Annual Report 2020-21 | 21

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements:

Managing Director’s desk

@ Transformation

Greetings!

It is my privilege to communicate with you on this prestigious

platform .

As we all know, it has been a demanding year under review

that had to be adeptly managed. Unless we proactively

transformed, it would have been difficult for us to overcome

the challenges that came our way.

The whole country had come to a

standstill in the April-June quarter of

2020, resulting in a drastic contraction

of the economy, which was without

precedence. Our first priority was

to safeguard our employees and

simultaneously our operations.

Starting with the creation of virtual

offices, we transformed the way we

worked. This ensured a high level of

connect, internally at all levels and

externally with all stakeholders. The

hitherto less used concept of Work

from Home became the new normal. In

anticipation of the lockdown, the well

thought-out thrust and investment

on IT infrastructure and digital

technologies, coupled with micro-

contingency planning, proved to be

effective.

Well-calibrated plans, which were

executed with a granular approach,

enabled us to resume operations

in a graded manner. Our diverse

manufacturing locations and vast

network of sales offices across

geographies had to initially operate

in difficult and varied circumstances,

while adhering to safety and

regulatory guidelines. A cross-

functional collaborative approach was

adopted, which facilitated the quick

execution of decisions. Passionate

team work and an overall positive

approach characterised Team JK Tyre.

Following economic revival, we were

poised to leverage the emerging

opportunities and our business grew

progressively.

Annual Report 2020-21 | 23

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements:

Managing Director

Annual Report 2020-21 | 25

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements:

Managing Director

Overview

At JK Tyre, a low carbon approach is

integral to our business, a foundation

for business scalability. This priority

is now universal, marked by a

willingness of customers to engage

with companies that manufacture

products in an environmentally

responsible manner, a manifestation

of a low-carbon approach being

linked to market place dynamics and

profitability.

Sustainability in mobility

As urban clusters get larger and

the public transportation network

is unable to keep in step with the

widening needs of a growing populace,

there will be a deeper preference

for personal mobility. Automobiles

and other transformation modes

warrant the use of a large number

of components and products that

increase the carbon footprint.

At JK Tyre, we have been a committed

proponent of sustainable practices

since we went into business. In

addition to drawing out targets

directed at increasing our revenues

and surplus, we emphasise moderation

in the consumption of raw material

and other inputs. The result is that we

are focused on delivering more with

progressively less, the hallmark of our

business sustainability.

At JK Tyre, our objective is to

deepen our commitment as an

environment-respecting organisation.

Over the years, we invested in plants,

processes and priorities with the

objective to generate more from less.

As a forward-looking Company, we

integrated climate considerations

into our decision-making and risk

management. We track and report our

related initiatives to moderate energy

consumption and carbon emissions.

Our environment priorities

JK Tyre announced its commitment to

comprehensive business sustainability,

implying that whatever we do or

think or invest in must have a positive

long-term impact on our business and

environment.

The Company believes that

sustainability can be driven only

through the prudent selection of the

right people. The right competencies

bring perspectives, experience,

knowledge and enthusiasm to our

table, translating into outperformance.

The Company’s outperformance must

be routed through efficient capital

investing that reflects in a lower capital

cost per tonne.

Annual Report 2020-21 | 61

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements:

Managing Director, as a: Managing

Managing Director:

Managing Director:

Managing Director

Executive

4

Yes

7

4

2

2

Shri Arvind Singh Mewar ∆

IND

4

Yes

-

-

-

3

Shri Bakul Jain ∆

IND

4

Yes

4

4

2

4

Shri Shreekant Somany ∆@

IND

4

Yes

4

2

-

5

Smt. Sunanda Singhania

NED

4

Yes

-

-

-

6

Smt. Meera Shankar ∆

IND

3

Yes

3

1

-

7

Shri Vimal Bhandari ∆

IND

4

Yes

6

3

1

8

Shri Kalpataru Tripathy ∆

IND

4

Yes

5

4

2

9

Dr. Wolfgang Holzbach∆

IND

4

Yes

-

-

-

10

Shri Bharat Hari Singhania,: Managing

Managing Director was appointed as a: Managing Director for a tenure of five years w.e.f.

21st October 2020, subject to the approval of members.

* DIN of the above named directors in seriatim: 1 - 00036129; 2 - 00008244; 3 - 00380256; 4 - 00021423;

5 - 02356376; 6 - 06374957; 7 - 00001318; 8 - 00865794; 9 - 06422833; 10 - 00041156; 11 - 02356566 and

12 - 00026540.

$ Excluding private companies and companies under Section 8 of the Companies Act, 2013. Independent Directorships

held by the Directors are in accordance with the Listing Regulations.

** Only covers Memberships/

Managing Director.

Relationships between Directors inter-se: Dr. Raghupati

Singhania and Shri Bharat Hari Singhania are brothers.

Smt. Sunanda Singhania is wife of Dr. Raghupati

Singhania.

The number of Equity Shares of H2/- each (i.e. Shares)

held by the Non-executive Directors as on 31st March

2021 are: Shri Arvind Singh Mewar – Nil Shares,

Shri Bakul Jain - 4,000 Shares, Shri Shreekant Somany

- 13,750 Shares, Smt. Sunanda Singhania - 6,27,500

Shares, Smt. Meera Shankar – Nil Shares, Shri Kalpataru

Tripathy - Nil Shares, Shri Vimal Bhandari - Nil Shares

and Dr. Wolfgang Holzbach - Nil Shares. The Company

does not have any outstanding convertible instruments.

3.

SEPARATE

MEETING

OF

THE

INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS:

In accordance with the provisions of Schedule IV to the

Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 25 of the Listing

Regulations, one separate meeting of the Independent

Directors of the Company was held on 21st January

2021. Shri Arvind Singh Mewar was unanimously

elected as Chairman of the said meeting and all the

Independent Directors of the Company were present

at the meeting.

4.

FAMILIARISATION

PROGRAMME

FOR

INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS:

In accordance with the provisions of Regulation

25(7) of the Listing Regulations, the Company has

been conducting various familiarisation programmes.

The details of such familiarisation programmes for

Independent Directors have been disclosed on the

website of the Company, the web link for which is

http://www.jktyre.com/Familiarisation_Prog_IND.pdf

5.

PERFORMANCE EVALUATION:

As required, the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee of Directors specified the manner for

effective evaluation of performance of the Board, its

Committees and individual Directors in accordance

with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and

the Listing Regulations.

Accordingly, the Board of Directors made formal

annual evaluation of its own performance and that of

its committees and Individual Directors in accordance

with the manner specified by the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee of Directors.

Performance of the Board was evaluated after seeking

inputs from all the Directors on the basis of the criteria

such as adequacy of its composition and structure,

effectiveness of board processes, information and

functioning, etc.

The performance of the committees was evaluated

by the Board after seeking inputs from the committee

members on the basis of criteria such as composition

of committees, terms of reference of committees,

effectiveness of the committee meetings, participation

of the members of the committee in the meetings, etc.

The Board also carried out evaluation of the

performance of individual directors on the basis of

criteria such as attendance and effective participation

and contributions at the meetings of the Board and

its committees, exercise of his/her duties with due &

reasonable care, skill and diligence, etc.

In a separate meeting of the Independent Directors of

the Company, performance of the non-independent

Directors, performance of the Board as a whole and

performance of the Chairman &: Managing Director

were evaluated, taking into account the views of

Executive Directors of the Company. The

Managing Director: Salary - H3.13

crores, Perquisites - H0.04 crore and retirement

benefits, such as contribution to Provident

Fund, etc. - H0.07 crore, aggregating to H3.24

crores plus H8.00 crores payable as Commission;

Shri Anshuman Singhania,: Managing Director:

Salary - H3.15 crores, Perquisites - H0.44 crore

and retirement benefits, such as contribution to

Provident Fund, etc. - H0.07 crore aggregating

to H3.66 crores plus H8.00 crores payable as

Commission and Shri Arun K. Bajoria, Director

& President - International Operations: Salary

- H3.41 crores, Perquisites - Nil and retirement

benefits, such as contribution to Provident Fund,

etc. - H0.08 crore aggregating to H3.49 crores plus

H0.80 crore payable as Commission. The Company

does not have any Stock Option Scheme.

The tenure of office of the

Managing Director of the Company; and

(e) Reporting of Internal Auditor: The Head of

Internal Audit of the Company administratively

reports to the Shri Anshuman Singhania,: Managing

Managing Director

Shri Arvind Singh Mewar,

Member

00008244

Independent Director

Smt Meera Shankar, Member

06374957

Independent Director

Shri Arun K. Bajoria, Member

00026540

Director & President-

International Operations:

Managing Director

Chartered Accountants

Chief Financial Officer

Bharat Hari Singhania: Managing

Managing Director

Chartered Accountants

Chief Financial Officer

Bharat Hari Singhania: Managing

Managing Director

Chartered Accountants

Chief Financial Officer

Bharat Hari Singhania: Managing

Managing Director

(ii)

Shri Bharat Hari Singhania: Managing

letter of credit to the extent possible. The Company has a well-

defined sales policy to minimise its risk of credit defaults. Outstanding customer receivables are regularly monitored and assessed.

Impairment analysis is performed based on historical data at each reporting date on an individual basis. However, a large number of

minor receivables are grouped into homogenous groups and assessed for impairment collectively.

Credit Risk Exposure: The allowance for expected credit loss on customer balances for the year ended 31st March, 2021 and March

31st March, 2020:

I in Crores (10 Million)

Particulars

As at 31.03.2021

As at 31.03.2020

Balance at the beginning

10.63

8.63

Add: Provision created during the Year

2.50

2.00

Balance at the end

13.13

10.63



Deposits with Bank: The deposits with banks constitute mostly the liquid investment of the company and are generally not exposed

to credit risk.:

Managing Director

Chartered Accountants

Chief Financial Officer

Bharat Hari Singhania: Managing

Managing Director

Chartered Accountants

Chief Financial Officer

Bharat Hari Singhania: Managing

Managing Director

Chartered Accountants

Chief Financial Officer

Bharat Hari Singhania: Managing

Managing Director

Chartered Accountants

Chief Financial Officer

Bharat Hari Singhania: Managing

Managing Director

Chartered Accountants

Chief Financial Officer

Bharat Hari Singhania: Managing

Letter of Credit `7.10 crores (Previous

year: `42.61 crores, `16.60 crores, Nil, `7.87 crores and `2.25 crores, respectively).:

Managing Director

(ii)

Shri Bharat Hari Singhania: Managing

letter of credit to the extent possible. The Company has a well-

defined sales policy to minimise its risk of credit defaults. Outstanding customer receivables are regularly monitored and assessed.

Impairment analysis is performed based on historical data at each reporting date on an individual basis. However, a large number of

minor receivables are grouped into homogenous groups and assessed for impairment collectively.

Credit Risk Exposure: The allowance for expected credit loss on customer balances for the year ended 31st March, 2021 and 31st

March, 2020:

I in Crores (10 Million)

Particulars

As at 31.03.2021

As at 31.03.2020

Balance at the beginning

18.54

17.58

Add: Provision created during the Year

2.50

2.00

Foreign Currency Translation Difference

1.04

(1.04)

Balance at the end

22.08

18.54



Deposits with Bank: The deposits with banks constitute mostly the liquid investment of the Company and are generally not exposed

to credit risk.

Ø

Liquidity Risk: Liquidity risk is the risk where the Company will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated with its financial

liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. The Company’s approach is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will

have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due.

The table below summarises maturity profile of the Company’s financial liabilities based on contractual payments:

I in Crores (10 Million)

Particulars

upto 5 years

> 5 years

As at 31st March 2021

Borrowings*

3525.69

1130.80

Trade and Other Payables

1574.07

-

Lease Liabilities

134.71

9.50

Other Financial Liabilities

535.55

612.06

Total

5770.02

1752.36

As at 31st March 2020

Borrowings *

4093.86

1454.85

Trade and Other Payables

1688.41

-

Lease Liabilities

174.68

11.70

Other Financial Liabilities

444.16

460.19

Total

6401.11

1926.74

* Including working capital facility from consortium banks renewed every year.:

Managing Director

Chartered Accountants

Chief Financial Officer

Bharat Hari Singhania: Managing

Managing Director

Chartered Accountants

Chief Financial Officer

Bharat Hari Singhania: Managing

Managing Director

Chartered Accountants

Chief Financial Officer

Bharat Hari Singhania: Managing

Managing Director – 296.4; Shri Bharat Hari Singhania; Managing

Director – 223.5; Shri Anshuman Singhania,: Managing Director – 231.7 and Shri Arun K. Bajoria, Director & President -

International Operations – 85.2.

(b) The percentage increase in remuneration of each director, chief executive officer, chief financial officer and company

secretary in the financial year: During the financial year, remuneration of Dr. Raghupati Singhania,

