Managing Director’s: Letter to Shareholders

Management Discussion

and Analysis

Directors Report

Independent

Auditors’ Report

Statement of

Changes in Equity

FY21 Highlights

Business Canvas

Leadership and

Board of Directors

Sustainable Development

Framework

Corporate Information

Business

Responsibility Report

Balance Sheet

Cash Flow Statement

Managing Director of the Company

till his last day.

Murarirao Yeshwantrao Ghorpade

Patron

Murarirao Yeshwantrao Ghorpade

(1931–2011) was the man behind the

incorporation of the Company. Upon

his return from Cambridge, he was

associated with SMIORE in various

capacities through decades. He

started his journey at SMIORE as an

administrative officer, and moved up

the ladder to become Joint Managing

Director first and then the Managing

Director. He served the Company as

the Chairman and: Managing Director

until 1999, and then took up the

role of

Managing Director of MOIL Limited

(formerly Manganese Ore India

Limited), and has expertise in

metal mining - both opencast and

underground, mineral processing

and beneficiation.

He is also on the Board of

Nava Bharat Ventures Limited.

Dr. Latha Pillai

Independent Director

Pillai is an educational administrator

with more than three decades of

experience in the field of higher

education. Her areas of professional

expertise include quality assessment,

evaluation and promotion of women

in governance and academic

leadership. She has worked in

institutions related to different

aspects of higher education, Policy

and Planning - University Grants

Commission (UGC), Open and

Distance Learning - Indira Gandhi

National Open University

(IGNOU) and Youth Development

- Rajiv Gandhi National Institute

of Youth Development (RGNIYD)

and Advisor, National Assessment

and Accreditation Council (NAAC),

Bengaluru.

She is the recipient of the Endeavour

Australia Cheung Kong Research

Fellowship by the Australian

Government, Monash University

(Melbourne, Australia), USIA

International Visitors Programme,

USA, International Resident Fellow,

University of Calgary (Canada). She

was also awarded the Jawaharlal

Nehru Birth Centenary Award in 2012,

which was instituted by the Indian

Science Congress Association.

She has participated in many

national and international

conferences / seminar as an invited

speaker. Her contributions in the

spheres of capacity building of

women administrators in higher

education and mainstreaming

vocational education have received

academic acclaim.

She has been nominated to

various Committees of UGC, MHRD,

FICCI and CII, to name a few.

Jagadish Rao Kote

Independent Director

Kote holds a B. Tech degree in

Electronics and Communications

from Mysore University, where

he secured first rank. He was the

recipient of the Kirloskar Memorial

Award for being an outstanding

student. He completed his M. Tech

degree in Industrial Electronics.

He is also a fellow member of the

Institute of Cost and Management

Accountants of India, and has

completed the professional level of

the examination conducted by the

Institute of Company Secretaries of

India. He is currently pursuing his

Doctoral studies in Power systems

under Visvesvaraya Technological

University.

He is a result-oriented technocrat

with over 35 years of industrial and

techno-managerial experience in the

areas of strategic planning, project

management, embedded systems

design engineering and electronic

designs. He is currently associated

with a reputed college of engineering

in Benguluru, as a professor.

Hemendra Laxmidas Shah

Non-executive Director

Shah graduated from N. M. College

of Commerce & Economics,

Mumbai. He qualified as a Chartered

Accountant in 1980 from ‘The

Institute of Chartered Accountants

in England and Wales’(ICAEW)

and is an associate member of

ICAEW. He is also a Fellow Member

of ‘The Institute of Chartered

Accountants of India’.

He has a rich experience of 38 years

and has worked with A. F. Ferguson

& Co. and Deloitte India as a Partner

in the past.

He possesses vast experience in

audit and assurance functions, and

has served Indian and Multinational

clients (both small and large, listed

and unlisted) spanning industries

such as automobiles & auto

ancillaries, information technology,

engineering, power, pharmaceuticals,

telecommunication, fertilizers &

petrochemicals etc. He also has

vast knowledge of Euro Issues,

Indian Public Offerings, due diligence,

and Corporate Governance.

Md. Abdul Saleem

Director (Mines)

Saleem holds a B.Com and LLB

degrees from Osmania University,

Hyderabad. He is also a Fellow

Member of the Institute of Company

Secretaries of India, New Delhi.

After having worked in the accounts

department of a proprietorship firm

for little over three years, he worked

for six years in a listed public limited

company dealing with ferroalloy and

power businesses before joining the

Company as a Company Secretary on

01 September 2005.

Being a Company Secretary and

a law graduate, he has had the

opportunity of handling secretarial

functions of listed companies,

handling legal matters, appearing

before various authorities, judicial and

quasi-judicial forums and assisting

very senior and eminent advocates in

High Court of Karnataka and Supreme

Court of India. He has played the role

of SMIORE’s nominee director on the

boards of a couple of companies and

contributed to their revival.

While serving as Company Secretary

and also, later as the Chief General

Manager of Mines, Abdul Saleem has

played a crucial role during the Hon’ble

Supreme Court’s suspension of

mining operations arising due to a PIL

regarding illegal mining. He has also

greatly contributed to the Company

by streamlining mining operations

and ensuring compliances, which has

resulted in both the mining leases of

the Company being awarded Five Star

Rating consecutively for the last five

years, by the Ministry of Mines and

Indian Bureau of Mines.

He has been appointed as

Director (Mines) in the Company

w.e.f. 1 April 2020.

| The Sandur Manganese & Iron Ores Limited

Annual Report 2020–21 |

24

25

Strategic

Overview

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

Leadership and Board of Directors:

Dear Shareholders,

It is a pleasure and privilege to

write my first: letter to you as the

Chairperson of the Board of Directors

of SMIORE. I am grateful to be

associated with you, our large family

of stakeholders and carry forward

SMIORE’s legacy. This year we have

expanded the scope of our annual

report, to reflect and take inspiration

from our past and focus on our

ambition for the future. I believe that

we have a firm foundation of several

decades of experience, on which

we can build and consolidate an

impressive future.

Since early 2020, the world and India

have witnessed the unprecedented

specter of COVID-19. Apart from our

personal losses and tragedies, the

economic fallout of the pandemic

has been grim. While we witnessed

pain and trauma, we also saw

courage under fire. The medical

community from doctors to front

line workers, civil society, corporate

India, volunteers and government

authorities from the local

governments to the State and Union

governments worked relentlessly to

control and mitigate the terrifying

effects of the Pandemic.

Yet, like all crises, this one has also

brought about changes in how we

live our lives, conduct ourselves

and interact. We have adapted

and begun to communicate with

the world virtually. Yet, we are not

isolated. This is also an opportune

time to realise how our actions could

have far reaching consequences on

society at large and the environment.

We must realise that our lives are

interconnected in more ways than

we can imagine. This is thus a time

T.R. Raghunandan

Dear Shareholders,

I am delighted to address my SMIORE

family for the very first time, after

being appointed as the MD of the

Company last year. I would like to

begin by expressing my gratitude

towards my fellow Board Members for

entrusting me with the opportunity

to lead this organization. While I am

cognizant of and am ready to shoulder

the responsibilities that come with this

position, I am also very enthused and

emboldened by the support that you

have shown us. It is my solemn pledge

to you now, and for all time to come,

that I will wholeheartedly dedicate my

skills and efforts to contribute to take

SMIORE’s growth journey to newer

heights.

A RICH INHERITANCE

SMIORE has witnessed multiple

changes in its years and decades of

existence, but the values that bind

together this Company and its people,

remain unchanged. We may have

progressed with time, but the very

soul of SMIORE still remains the way

my forefathers envisioned it to be.

Our guiding principles, which we

have relied on for over a century, are

unshaken. We continue to believe

in scientific and systematic mining,

which means we extract and not

exploit our finite natural resources.

We conduct our mining operations

in an environment-friendly manner,

which is our way of conserving

nature and thanking it for all that

we’ve received from it thus far -

whether it be through afforestation,

reclamation, environment protection

or rehabilitation. Last but not the

least, is our principle of being a fair

and just employer. Our attitude

towards our employees remains the

same even today. We prioritise the

overall safety of our employees, and

work towards enhancing their quality

of life through multiple employee

welfare initiatives.

SMIORE continues to run on the

same ethos that my grandfather Shri

Murarirao Yeshwantrao Ghorpade

set us up for, “All that we get (earn)

from the soil of Sandur in one form

or the other should be primarily

used to benefit Sandur”. Today, I

stand where my forbearers stood,

vanguard of these virtues as well as

the faith reposed by you. For as long

as SMIORE stands, I assure you that

we will continue to uphold the same

standards and ethics for our business

as was envisioned by our forefathers,

and will further our efforts in these

causes.

MINING - OUR MAINSTAY

The Company takes utmost pride in

being a responsible mining company.

Mining operations have been the

backbone of our Company ever

since its inception. We operate our

mines in compliance with the best

international and national industry

standards, and still rank among the

best in the industry in terms of cost-

efficiency and profitability metrics.

We’ve time and again demonstrated

well-managed operations in this

business segment over various

commodity and economic cycles.

There is no denying that mining

has had its fair share of troubles in

the past, but we’ve always come

out stronger with our transparent

business practices.

As we step into a new era, we

keenly await the expansion of our

mining operations, which is pending

approval from relevant authorities.

Our Manganese ore capacities are

expected to expand to 0.40 MTPA

from current 0.28 MTPA, and our

iron ore capacities are expected to

expand to 3.85 MTPA from current

1.60 MTPA, which is in compliance

with the parameters prescribed by

the Hon’ble Supreme Court of India.

CHANGE IS THE

ONLY CONSTANT

If there is one thing that the ongoing

pandemic has taught us, then it is

that in order to survive and thrive, one

must adapt and change with the times

- change is truly the only constant. At

this juncture, SMIORE must evolve with

the current times and assert itself in our

expansion ventures to ensure maximum

value for all its stakeholders. We realise

that the Company must transition

from a pure-play merchant miner to

an integrated steel manufacturing

company, which will enhance our value

proposition multifold.

We are well on our way in this journey

towards value-addition, and are

geared to forward integrate and be

present across the entire value chain

of producing steel. Since we plan to

have a completely integrated set up,

it is incumbent upon us to backward

integrate our raw materials. The

two primary raw materials for steel

production are iron ore and coke. The

first leg of this journey was completed

this year, when we commissioned our

coke oven plant.

Our next steps will include expanding

our mining operations, subject to the

approval of the relevant authorities,

and a beneficiation plant for iron ore.

Further in coming years, we intend to

commission a hot metal plant for steel

manufacturing and the most appropriate

niche in the value-chain, which is suitable

for the Company. The exact details of the

Phase 2 of our long-term CAPEX plan are

being worked-out as we speak, and will

be shared with you in due course of time.

SMIORE must evolve with the

current times and assert itself

in our expansion ventures to

ensure maximum value for all its

stakeholders.

We aim to integrate fully and not lose

any aspect in the value chain. Our unique

strategy is to consolidate the business,

so that one product complements the

other, and the best possible value-

addition can be achieved.

I’m also pleased to report that with all our

expansion plans we will be generating

massive employment opportunities

in our vicinity. This is a very crucial

aspect for us at SMIORE. We’ve already

witnessed this with our Coke Oven Plant,

wherein we generated employment

for over 325 people in addition to direct

employees strength of about 2,300

direct employees and other indirect

employees.

THE DIRECTION

WE ARE HEADED IN

With hard work, determination,

calculated-risks and the wise counsel

of our Board of Directors we have

already set out on a long-term journey

to transform SMIORE and catapult it

to an even higher orbit. We believe

that this transformation and CAPEX

to achieve integrated facilities, will

enable the Company to become self-

sufficient and future ready.

This of course presents us with

a mammoth task, but with the

commitment of my teammates at

SMIORE, I am certain that we will

achieve this and overcome any

challenge that lay ahead.

I am excited about the future of this

Company and its path, and I firmly

believe that we are making history

with our monumental strides. I am

confident that our sweat today will

reap a fortune tomorrow. In closing, I

must thank everyone at SMIORE and

you, our shareholders, for standing

by us in our endeavours to make

this Company the industry leader in

metallurgy.

Bahirji A. Ghorpade: Managing

Managing Director

S. S. Rao, (Independent Director)

G. P. Kundargi, (Independent Director)

H. L. Shah, (Non-Executive, Non-Independent Director)

Latha Pillai, (Independent Director)

Jagadish Rao Kote, (Independent Director)

Md. Abdul Saleem, (Executive Director, Director (Mines))

CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Sachin Sanu

COMPANY SECRETARY & CHIEF COMPLIANCE OFFICER

Bijan Kumar Dash

AUDITORS

R. Subramanian and Company LLP,

Chartered Accountants

Firm Regn.No 004137S/S200041

New No. 6, Krishnaswamy Avenue, Luz, Mylapore, Chennai

– 600004

SHARE TRANSFER AGENTS

Venture Capital & Corporate Investments (P) Ltd.

12-10-167, Bharat Nagar, Hyderabad – 500 018

BANKERS

Axis Bank Limited

Indusind Bank Limited

ICICI Bank Limited

RBL Bank Limited

Yes Bank Limited

REGISTERED OFFICE

‘Satyalaya’, Door No. 266 (Old No.80), Ward No.1,

Behind Taluk Office, Sandur - 583 119,

Ballari District, Karnataka, India

CORPORATE OFFICE

‘Sandur House’, No.9, Bellary Road,

Sadashivanagar, Bengaluru – 560080

MINES OFFICE

Deogiri, Sandur Taluk, -583112, Bellary Distt

PLANT

Vyasankere, Mariyammana Halli, 583222

Hospete Taluk, Bellary Distt.

AUDIT COMMITTEE

G. P. Kundargi, Chairman

T. R. Raghunandan, Member

S. S. Rao, Member

Latha Pillai, Member

H. L. Shah, Member

Jagadish Rao Kote, Member

NOMINATION & REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

Latha Pillai, Chairperson

T. R. Raghunandan, Member

S. S. Rao, Member

G. P. Kundargi, Member

H. L. Shah, Member

Jagadish Rao Kote, Member

STAKEHOLDERS RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE

Jagadish Rao Kote, Chairman

G. P. Kundargi, Memebr

H L Shah, Member

Latha Pilla, Memebr

Bahirji A. Ghorpade, Member

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY COMMITTEE

H. L. Shah, Chairman

Bahirji A Ghorpade, Member

T. R. Raghunanadan, Member

S. S. Rao, Member

Jagdish Rao Kote, Member

RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE

S. S. Rao, Chairman

T. R. Raghunandan, Member

Bahirji A. Ghorpade, Member

G. P. Kundargi, Member

Latha Pillai, Member

H. L. Shah, Member

Jagadish Rao Kote, Member

Md. Abdul Saleem, Member

CORPORATE SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE

T. R. Raghunandan, Chairman

S.S. Rao, Member

G.P. Kundargi, Member

Latha Pillai, Member

Md Abdul Saleem, Member

CORPOARTE IDENTIFICATION NUMBER

L85110KA1954PLC000759

LISTING

BSE Limited, Mumbai

Company Code: 504918:

Managing Director,

Director (Mines) and Company Secretary of the Company,

be and are hereby severally authorized to do all such acts,

deeds, matters and things as may be considered necessary,

desirable or expedient to give effect to this resolution.”

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 12 August 2021

By order of the Board

for The Sandur Manganese & Iron Ores Limited

Bijan Kumar Dash

Company Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer

Membership No: A 17222:

letter

etc.

with

attested

specimen

signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who

are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to

postalballot@sandurgroup.com with a copy marked to

evoting@nsdl.co.in.

2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password

with any other person and take utmost care to keep your

password confidential. Login to the e-voting website

will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key

in the correct password. In such an event, you will need

to go through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or

“Physical User Reset Password?” option available on

www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently

Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and

e-voting user manual for Shareholders available at the

download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on

toll free no.: 1800 1020 990 or send a request to email

id: evoting@nsdl.co.in

Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not

registered with the depositories for procuring user id and

password and registration of email ids for e-voting for the

resolutions set out in this notice:

1. In case shares are held in physical mode, please submit

duly filled and signed updation form, along with details

such as folio, name of shareholder, scanned copy

of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self-

attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-

attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to RTA

at investors.relations@vccipl.com and info@vccilindia.

com. Shareholders can download the updation form

through the link https://www.sandurgroup.com/doc/

Stake/Updation-FORM.pdf.

2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide

DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary

ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated

Account statement, PAN (self attested scanned copy

of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of

Aadhar Card) to the RTA at investors.relations@vccipl.

com and info@vccilindia.com. If you are an Individual

shareholder holding securities in DEMAT mode, you

are requested to refer to the login method explained

at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-Voting and joining

virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding

securities in DEMAT mode.

3. Alternatively member may send an e-mail request to

evoting@nsdl.co.in for obtaining User ID and Password

by proving the details mentioned in Point (1) or (2) as

the case may be.

4. In terms of SEBI circular dated 9 December 2020

on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies,

Individual shareholders holding securities in demat

mode are allowed to vote through their demat

account maintained with Depositories and Depository

Participants. Shareholders are required to update their

mobile number and email ID correctly in their demat

account in order to access e-Voting facility.

THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR e-VOTING ON

THE DAY OF THE AGM ARE AS UNDER:

1. The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the AGM is

same as the instructions mentioned above for remote

e-voting.

2. Only those Members/ shareholders, who will be

present in the AGM through VC/OAVM facility and

have not casted their vote on the Resolutions through

remote e-Voting and are otherwise not barred from

doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-Voting

system in the AGM.

3. Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting

will be eligible to attend the AGM. However, they will

not be eligible to vote at the AGM.

4. The details of the person who may be contacted for

any grievances connected with the facility for e-Voting

on the day of the AGM shall be the same person

mentioned for Remote e-voting.

INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING THE

AGM THROUGH VC/OAVM ARE AS UNDER:

1. Member will be provided with a facility to attend the

EGM/AGM through VC/OAVM through the NSDL

e-Voting system. Members may access by following

the steps mentioned above for Access to NSDL

e-Voting system. After successful login, you can see

link of “VC/OAVM link” placed under “Join General

meeting” menu against company name. You are

requested to click on VC/OAVM link placed under

Join General Meeting menu. The link for VC/OAVM

will be available in Shareholder/Member login where

the EVEN of Company will be displayed. Please note

that the members who do not have the User ID and

Password for e-Voting or have forgotten the User ID

and Password may retrieve the same by following the

remote e-Voting instructions mentioned in the notice

to avoid last minute rush.:

Managing Director of MOIL

Limited (formerly Manganese Ore India

Limited). He was associated with MOIL

Limited, a Central Public-Sector Enterprise

(CPSE) under the Ministry of Steel, from 27

October 1999 to 31 August 2016, in various

roles from Sr. Deputy General Manager to

Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director of MOIL Limited (formerly Manganese

Ore India Limited), . He was associated with MOIL Limited,

a Central Public-Sector Enterprise (CPSE) under the Ministry

of Steel, from 27 October 1999 to 31 August 2016, in

various roles from Sr. Deputy General Manager to Chairman

and: Managing

Dear Shareholders,

Directors are pleased to present their Report and Audited Statement of Accounts for the year ended 31 March 2021:

FINANCIAL RESULTS:

₹ in Lakh

Particulars

Current Year 2020-21

Previous Year 2019-20

a)

Net Sales / Income

74,658.89

59,160.69

b)

Other Income

1,776.83

566.13

Total

76,435.72

59,726.82

c)

Expenditure

(i) Variable

31,254.09

23,578.85

(ii) Fixed

16,240.79

16,048.82

(iii) Depreciation / Amortization

2,681.42

1,946.65

(iv) Finance costs

1,306.29

672.60

Total

51,482.59

42,246.94

d)

Profit Before Taxes

24,953.13

17,479.88

e)

Less:

(i) Current Tax

6,485.00

3,793.35

(ii) Deferred Tax

3,075.37

(1,052.00)

g)

Net Profit/(Loss)

15,392.76

14,738.53

h)

Add: Balance brought forward from the previous year

83,069.43

69,504.93

i)

Profit before appropriation

98,462.19

84,243.46

j)

Less: Appropriations

(i) Dividend on Equity Shares

-

918.75

(ii) Tax on Dividend

-

188.85

(iii) Other comprehensive income/(loss)

51.51

12.37

(iv) Ind AS 116 Transactional Adjustment

-

54.06

Total

51.51

1,174.04

k)

Profit carried to Balance Sheet

98,410.68

83,069.43

PERFORMANCE

REVIEW

AND THE

STATE

OF

COMPANY’S AFFAIRS:

Your directors are pleased to inform you that during the

year under review turnover of the Company has increased

from ₹ 59,727 lakh to ₹ 76,436 lakh thereby registered a

growth of 28%. This increase in turnover of ₹ 16,709 lakh

was majorly attributed to ₹ 12,664 lakh from sale of coke

and increased sale of iron ore quantity of 47,000 tonnes.

The Company earned profit before tax of ₹ 24,953 lakh after

charging ₹ 2,681 lakh towards depreciation on fixed assets

and ₹ 1,306 lakh towards interest. The PBT has increased

by 43% over the previous year.

After charging current income tax of ₹ 6,485 lakh, deferred

tax of ₹ 3,075.37 lakh, the profit for the current year (PAT)

is ₹ 15,393 lakh. The PAT has increased to ₹ 15,393 during

the financial year ending 31 March 2021 and registered a

growth of 4 %. The increase in income tax by 392 % as

compared to financial year 2019-20 is due to capitalisation

of project assets during the financial year 2020-21 which

will result in deriving benefit of Deferred Taxation in future

years.:

Managing Director, one whole-time

director, four independent directors (including one-woman

director) and two non-executive directors. The Chairperson

of the Board is a non-executive director.

The: Managing

Managing Director

DIN: 08452844

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 12 August 2021

Bijan Kumar Dash

Company Secretary

Sachin Sanu

Chief Financial Officer:

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure-a and forms an integral part of

this report.:

letter.

(1) Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. My responsibility is to

express an opinion on these secretarial records based on my audit.

(2) I have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that true facts

are reflected in secretarial records. I believe that the processes and practices I followed provide a reasonable basis to

strengthen my opinion.

(3) I have not verified the accuracy, correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the

Company.

(4) Wherever required, I have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

(5) The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the

responsibility of Management. My examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

(6) The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Name and Signature: N.D Satish

Date: 28 June 2021

Designation:

Practicing Company Secretary

Place: Bengaluru

Stamp:

FCS No. 10003; CP No.12400

UDIN:

F010003C000526772:

Managing Director

H. L. Shah

Chairman CSR Committee

(a)

Date of creation or acquisition of the capital asset(s)

Not Applicable

(b)

Amount of CSR spent for creation or acquisition of capital asset

NIL

(c)

Details of the entity or public authority or beneficiary under whose name such capital asset

is registered, their address etc

Not Applicable

(d)

Provide details of the capital asset(s) created or acquired (including complete address and

location of the capital asset)

NIL

11. Specify the reason(s), if the company has failed to spend two per cent of the average net profit as per

section 135(5):

Not Applicable:

Managing Director w.e.f. 17 June 2020.

2 Appointed Director (Mines) w.e.f. 1 April 2020.

3 Resigned from the position of: Managing

Managing Director or

Whole-time Director or Manager and holds by himself or along with his spouse and dependent children, not less than

2% of equity shares of the Company:

for and on behalf of Board of Directors

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 12 August 2021

T. R. Raghunandan

Chairman

DIN:03637265:

Managing Director.

3 All the Policies are available on the website except HR Policies and Tryst with SMIORE – An informal Will of M. Y. Ghorpade,

Environmental Clearances for Mines and Plant, SEMP for Mines.

4 Evaluation of the Policies is undertaken periodically by the internal auditors, secretarial auditors and/or statutory auditors.:

Managing Director and

Director (Mines) at regular interval in the meetings conducted at Mines

and the Plant. However, to make the monitoring of performance

holistic and robust, the Board in its meeting dated 10 February 2021

constituted Corporate Sustainability Committee (CSC). Also, at the

meeting of Corporate Social Responsibility Committee (CSRC) the

members discuss principles 4 & 8 of BR principles. -

2.

Does the Company publish a BR or a

Sustainability Report? What is the hyperlink

for viewing this report? How frequently it is

published?

Business Responsibility Report can be viewed as part of Annual

Report and is available online at https://www.sandurgroup.com/

Annual-Report.html

2. Governance related to Business Responsibility

SECTION E: PRINCIPLE-WISE DETAILS:

Principle 1: Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with Ethics, Transparency and Accountability

The Company believes in conducting its affairs in a fair and transparent manner by adopting highest standards of

professionalism, honesty, integrity, and ethics in dealing with all the stakeholders that include employees, customers,

suppliers, government and the community.

1.1

Does the policy relating to ethics, bribery

and corruption cover only the company?

Yes/ No. Does it extend to the Group/

Joint Ventures/ Suppliers/ Contractors/

NGOs /Others?

The policies relating to ethics, bribery and corruption covers the

Company and extends to a large number of contractors/service

providers. Corporate governance clause has been an integral part of

each agreements and contracts entered with external parties there by

ensuring adherence of transparency in all the business transactions.

1.2

How many stakeholder complaints have

been received in the past financial year

and what percentage was satisfactorily

resolved by the management?

During the financial year 2020-21, no complaints were received from

any of the Company’s stakeholders.:

Managing Director, prepares

agenda for the meetings. The Board papers are circulated:

Managing Director and the Company Secretary regarding

compliance with all laws applicable to the Company on a

quarterly basis.

The Board of Directors met eight times during the financial

year 2020-21 i.e., on 19 April 2020, 17 June 2020, 29 June

2020, 2 September 2020, 22 September 2020, 9 November

2020, 10 February 2021 and 17 March 2021. The time gap

between any two successive Board meetings did not

exceed one hundred and twenty days.

The particulars of Directors, their attendance at Board meetings during the financial year and at the last Annual General

Meeting are as under:

Name of Directors

Category /

Designation

Board Meetings held

during the tenure

Board meetings

attended

Last AGM Yes (Y)/

No(N)

T R Raghunandan

Non-Executive

Director / Chairman

8

8

Y

Nazim Sheikh

Executive Director /

Managing Director1

1

1

N

Bahirji A Ghorpade

Executive Director/

Managing Director2

8

8

Y

S. S. Rao

Non-Executive &

Independent Director

8

8

Y

G. P. Kundargi

Non-Executive &

Independent Director

8

8

Y

Rajnish Kumar Singh

Executive Director /

Director (Corporate)3

5

4

N

Latha Pillai

Non-Executive &

Independent Director

8

8

Y

H. L. Shah

Non-Executive

Director

8

8

Y

Jagadish Rao Kote

Non-Executive &

Independent Director

8

8

Y

Md. Abdul Saleem

Executive Director /

Director (Mines)4

8

8

Y

Mubeen Ahmed

Sheriff

Executive Director

/ Director

(Commercial)5

3

3

N

Sachin Sanu

Executive Director /

Director (Finance)6

3

3

N

1 Ceased to be director w.e.f., 16 June 2020

2 Inducted as Director (Corporate) on the Board of the Company w.e.f., 1 April 2020 and appointed as: Managing

Managing Director, Director (Mines), Chief Financial

Officer, and the respective departmental heads, wherever

required. The Company Secretary acts as the Secretary of

the Audit Committee. The Statutory Auditors and Internal

Auditors also attend the Audit Committee meetings by

invitation.

All the recommendations of the Audit Committee have

been accepted by the Board of Directors.

During the year, the Audit Committee reviewed key audit

findings covering operational, financial and compliance

areas. The Chairman of the Audit Committee briefed the

Board members on the significant discussions which took

place at Audit Committee meetings.

NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

(NRC)

Remuneration Committee was constituted in April 2002

to consider and recommend to the Board, appointment,

re-appointment and remuneration payable to whole-

time directors, KMPs and senior management personnel.

Nomination and Remuneration Committee is duly

constituted in accordance with the provisions of Section

178 of the Companies Act, 2013 and in compliance with

the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015.

Terms of reference of the Nomination & Remuneration

Committee:

1.

formulation

of

the

criteria

for

determining

qualifications, positive attributes and independence

of a director and recommend to the board of directors

a policy relating to, the remuneration of the directors,

key managerial personnel and other employees;

2.

formulation of criteria for evaluation of performance of

independent directors and the board of directors;

3.

devising a policy on diversity of board of directors;

4.

identifying persons who are qualified to become

directors and who may be appointed in senior

management in accordance with the criteria laid

down, and recommend to the Board of Directors their

appointment and/or removal.

5.

whether to extend or continue the term of appointment

of the independent director, on the basis of the report

of performance evaluation of independent directors.

Composition and attendance during the year

The NRC of the Board consists of 6 Board members. Latha

Pillai, Non-Executive and Independent Director is the

Chairperson of the Committee. The Company Secretary

acts as Secretary to the Committee.

Latha Pillai, Chairman of the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee, was present at the Annual General Meeting

held on 23 September 2020 to answer the queries of the

shareholders.

During the year, the Committee met six times on 19 April

2020, 17 June 2020, 29 June 2020, 9 November 2020, 10

February 2021 and 17 March 2021.:

Managing Director, Whole-

time Directors and KMPs

b)

the total level of remuneration of Non-Executive

Directors and for individual remuneration for Non-

Executive Directors;

c)

the

remuneration

policies

for

KMPs,

senior

management personnel and other employees

The remuneration policy is to pay salary / compensation

and benefits adequately so as to attract, motivate and retain

talent. Detailed policy on Nomination and Remuneration

of Directors, Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) and other

employees can be accessed at the Company’s website

https://www.sandurgroup.com/Policies.html

Remuneration to whole-time directors:

The whole-time directors are remunerated in accordance

with special resolutions passed by the shareholders. During

the financial year 2020-21, the: Managing

Managing Director or

Company Secretary approves the share transfer registers

and a statement of share transfers / transmissions effected

and share certificates issued in each quarter are placed

before the Stakeholders Relationship Committee for

approval and are also placed before the Board of Directors

for ratification at their next meeting.

Name and designation of Compliance Officer:

Bijan Kumar Dash, Company Secretary and Chief

Compliance Officer

Role of Stakeholders Relationship Committee

The Committee shall consider and resolve the grievances

of the security holders of the listed entity, including

complaints related to transfer of shares, non-receipt of

annual report and non- receipt of declared dividends.

The Stakeholders Relationship Committee met four times

during the financial year i.e., on 29 June 2020, 2 September

2020, 9 November 2020 and 10 February 2021.The interval

between any two successive meetings did not exceed the

stipulated time line.

Composition and attendance during the year

In 346th Board Meeting held on 10 February 2021, the

Stakeholders Relationship Committee got reconstituted

having 5 (Five) directors as the members of the Committee.

Jagadish Rao Kote, Non-Executive and Independent

Directors is the Chairman of the Committee. The Company

Secretary acts as Secretary to the Committee.

To expedite the process of share transfers / transmissions,

authority has been delegated by the Board severally to the

Chairman,: Managing

Managing Director (DIN 08452844)

for a tenure of three years from 17

June 2020

65th AGM held on 21

September 2019

No

Nil

64th AGM held on 01

September 2018

No

Nil

Resolution passed last year through postal ballot and

details of voting pattern:

During the previous year, the Company approached the

shareholders for voting through postal ballot. The details

are as follows:

Date of Postal Ballot Notice: 14 February 2020

Voting period: 1 June 2020 to 30 June 2020

Date of declaration of result: 2 July 2020

Date of Approval: 2 July 2020

Person who conducted the postal ballot exercise:

T. Sathya Prasad Yadav, Advocate

Whether any special resolution is proposed to be

conducted through postal ballot?

None in the near future.

Procedure for postal ballot:

In compliance with Sections 108 and 110 and other

applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, read

with the related Rules, the Company provides electronic

voting (e-voting) facility, in addition to physical ballot, to all

its members. For this purpose, the Company has engaged

the services of NSDL.

Postal ballot notices and forms are dispatched, along with

postage-prepaid business reply envelopes to registered

members / beneficiaries. The same notice is sent by email

to members who have opted for receiving communication

through the electronic mode. The Company also publishes

a notice in the newspaper declaring the details and

requirements as mandated by the Act and applicable rules.

Voting rights are reckoned on the paid-up value of the

shares registered in the names of the members as on the

cut-off date. Members who want to exercise their votes by

physical postal ballot are requested to return the forms,

duly completed and signed, to the scrutinizer on or before

the close of the voting period. Those using the e-voting

option are requested to vote before the close of business

hours on the last date of e-voting.

The scrutinizer completes his scrutiny and submits his report

to the Chairman, and the voting results are announced

by the Chairman / authorized person. The results are

also displayed on the Company’s website, https://www.

sandurgroup.com/Annual-General-Meetings-and-Postal-

Ballots.html, besides being communicated to the stock

exchange. The last date for the receipt of postal ballot

forms or e-voting is reckoned to be the date on which

the resolution would be deemed to have been passed, if

approved.

Location

Date & Time

66th AGM

Through Video conferencing/ other audio-

visual means(VC/OAVM)

23 September 2020 at 11:00 A.M

65th AGM

Golden Jubilee Hall

Sandur Residential School, Palace Road,

Shivapur, Sandur - 583 119

21 September 2019 at 11.00 A.M

64th AGM

Golden Jubilee Hall

Sandur Residential School, Palace Road,

Shivapur, Sandur - 583 119

1 September 2018at 11.00 A.M:

Managing Director or Company Secretary

approves the share transfer registers and statements of

share transfers / transmissions effected, share certificates

issued in each quarter are placed before the Stakeholders

Relationship Committee for approval and are also placed

before the Board of Directors for ratification at their next

meeting.

xiv) Dematerialization of Shares and Liquidity: As on 31

March 2021, 89,14,954 (99%) equity shares have been

dematerialized.

xv) There are no outstanding GDRs / ADRs / Warrants or

any Convertible Instruments due for conversion.

xvi) Commodity price risk or foreign exchange risk and

hedging activities:

In connection with the setting up of 0.4 MTPA Coke Oven

Plant, the Company has incurred capital expenditure

on plant and machinery imported from China, amounts

aggregating USD 17,611,164 and Euro 810,000 respectively,

for which USD 34,32,500 is yet to be paid, as per the

terms of the contract. The Company is in the process

of determining the exact dates for these payments in

consultation with the equipment supplier of the Coke

Oven Plant as it is linked to fulfilment of the certain

contractual obligations from the supplier. Necessary

steps will be taken to appropriately hedge these foreign

exchange exposures on fulfilment of the obligations by

the supplier.

Further, the Company has been importing coking coal

for its operations, of which imports aggregating USD

1,09,73,020 was outstanding as on 31 March, 2021. Import

of Coking Coal for Coke production is part of normal

business operations of the Company. The foreign risk

arising out of the same is being mitigated by hedging

mechanism and considering the movements in exchange

rates.:

Managing Director/

CEO: The Company has appointed separate persons to

the posts of Chairman and: Managing Director or Chief

Executive Officer. T. R. Raghunandan, Non-executive

Director is the

Managing Director (MD)/Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) have certified to the Board

in accordance with Regulation 17 (8) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 for the financial year 2020-21. The CEO/CFO

certification is appended as Annexure – ‘C’ to the Report.:

Managing Director

of the Company has given a certificate confirming that the Company has obtained from all the members of the Board and

senior management, affirmation of their compliance with the Code of Conduct for directors and senior management in

respect of the financial year 2020-21 and the same were placed before the Board at its meeting held on 28 June 2021. A

copy of the said certificate is appended as Annexure– ‘D’ to the Report.

xvi) Auditor’s certificate on compliance with corporate governance requirements of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015

Auditor’s Certificate is appended as Annexure – ‘E’ to the Report.

for and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 12 August 2021

Bahirji A Ghorpade: Managing

Managing Director

08452844

01/04/2020

3.

Seshagiri Rao Sattiraju

Independent Director

00150816

01/09/2013

4.

Gururaj Pandurang Kundargi

Non-Executive -

Independent Director

02256516

12/11/2016

5.

Mohammed Abdul Saleem

Executive Director

00061497

01/04/2020

6.

Latha Pillai

Non-Executive -

Independent Director

08378473

08/03/2019

7.

Hemendra Laxmidas Shah

Non-Executive and Non-

Independent Director

00996888

27/05/2019

8.

Jagadish Rao Kote

Independent Director

00521065

27/05/2019

Ensuring the eligibility for the appointment / continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the

management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these, based on our verification. This

certificate is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which

the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 28 June 2021

Name: N.D. Satish

Designation: Practising Company Secretary

Membership No.: FCS No. 10003

CP No.:12400

UDIN: F010003C000526849:

Managing Director and Sachin Sanu, Chief Financial Officer, certify that:

a)

We have reviewed financial statements and the cash flow statement for the year and that to the best of our knowledge

and belief :-

i)

These statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements

that might be misleading; and

ii)

These statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with

existing accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.

b)

There are to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the year, which

are fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company’s code of conduct.

c)

We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that we

have evaluated the effectiveness of the internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting,

deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls, if any, of which we are aware, have been disclosed to

the auditors and the Audit Committee and steps have been taken or propose to be taken to rectify these deficiencies.

d)

We have indicated to the Auditors and Audit Committee

(i)

Significant change in internal control over financial reporting during the year under reference;

(ii) Significant change in accounting policies during the year requiring disclosures in the notes to the financial

statements; and

(iii) Instances of significant fraud during the year with involvement therein, if any, of the management or any employee

having a significant role in the Company’s internal control system over financial reporting.

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 28 June 2021

Bahirji A. Ghorpade: Managing

Managing Director do hereby certify and confirm that the Company has obtained from all the

members of the Board and senior management, affirmation of their compliance with the Code of Conduct for directors

and senior management in respect of the financial year 2020-21 and the same are being placed before the Board at its

meeting held on 12 August 2021.

for The Sandur Manganese & Iron Ores Limited

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 12 August 2021

Bahirji A Ghorpade: Managing

Managing Director

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 28 June 2021

Bijan Kumar Dash

Company Secretary

Sachin Sanu

Chief Financial Officer

The accompanying notes 1 to 42 are an integral part of the financial statements

Balance sheet [Contd.]

as at 31 March 2021:

Managing Director

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 28 June 2021

Bijan Kumar Dash

Company Secretary

Sachin Sanu

Chief Financial Officer

The accompanying notes 1 to 42 are an integral part of the financial statements:

Managing Director

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 28 June 2021

Bijan Kumar Dash

Company Secretary

Sachin Sanu

Chief Financial Officer

The accompanying notes 1 to 42 are an integral part of the financial statements:

Managing Director

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 28 June 2021

Bijan Kumar Dash

Company Secretary

Sachin Sanu

Chief Financial Officer

The accompanying notes 1 to 42 are an integral part of the financial statements:

Letter of credit opened against import of coal

22,956.51

5,131.99

(ii) Commitments:

₹ in Lakh

Particulars

As at 31 March 2021

As at 31 March 2020

Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital

account and not provided for

4,011.46

17,000.83

NOTE NO. 30 - LEASES

₹ in Lakh

Particulars

For the Year ended

31 March 2021

For the year ended

31 March 2020

Expenses related to short-term leases

As Lessee

Expenses recognised in the statement of profit & loss

151.03

146.20

Maturity analysis of lease liabilities

Less than 1 year

169.82

449.51

More than 1 year

310.05

540.10

Impact of Change in Accounting Policy (April 1, 2019)

Right to Use of Asset

-

1,191.80:

Managing Director, W.e.f June 17, 2020, Director Corporate

-April 1, 2020 to June 16, 2020,

2) Md. Abdul Saleem Director Mines, W.e.f April 1, 2020

3) Nazim Sheikh,: Managing

Managing Director

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 28 June 2021

Bijan Kumar Dash

Company Secretary

Sachin Sanu

Chief Financial Officer:

