letter dated June 10, 2021 wherein the Company had submitted its

Integrated Annual Report along with the Notice of the 82nd AGM to be held on

Friday, July 2, 2021 at 3.00 p.m. (IST) via Video Conference / Other Audio Visual Means

and other Statutory Reports for FY 2020-21.

This is to inform you that certain inadvertent errors were noticed in the Integrated Annual Report

FY 2020-21 after the same was dispatched on June 9, 2021 through email.

In this regard, please note the following changes made in the Integrated Annual Report FY

2020-21:

i.

On page number 39, Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR) for FY 2020-21

should be read as 1.46 instead of 2.28.

ii.

On page number 84, under Disclosure of Managerial Remuneration (Annexure 6 to the

Board’s Report):

a. Increase in remuneration over the previous year for Mr. John Mulhall, Chief Financial

Officer (ceased w.e.f. March 31, 2021) should be read as 14.62% instead of 7.17%;

and

b. Average increase in salary of employees (other than managerial personnel) should

be read as 6.34% instead of 6.51%.:

Managing Director has reviewed

the Report content.

Reporting period, scope and

assurance

This Report covers financial and non-financial

information and activities of Tata Chemicals Limited

(‘the Company’ or ‘TCL’) for the period April 1, 2020

to March 31, 2021. While the financial information

has been audited by B S R & Co. LLP, Chartered

Accountants, the non-financial information as

referred to in the assurance report has been assured

by Price Waterhouse Chartered Accountants LLP

(PWCALLP).

The assurance is in accordance with the limited

assurance criteria of the International Standards on

Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3000 Revised

and Type 1 “Moderate level” of Assurance

under AA1000 Assurance Standard (AA1000AS

V3) in respect of the Principles of inclusivity,

materiality, responsiveness and impact

as defined in the AA1000 Accountability

Principles Standard (2018) (the “AA1000

Accountability Principles”). The assurance

criteria, methodology and conclusion are

presented in the assurance report. The

assurance report is available on the Company’s

website at: https://www.tatachemicals.com/

IRAssurance2021.htm.

Forward-looking statements

Certain statements in this Report regarding

our business operations may constitute

forward-looking statements. These include all

statements other than statements of historical

fact, including those regarding the financial

position, business strategy, management plans

and objectives for future operations. Forward-

looking statements can be identified by words

such as 'believes', 'estimates', 'anticipates',

'expects', 'intends', 'may', 'will', 'plans', 'outlook'

and other words of similar meaning in

connection with a discussion of future operating

or financial performance.

Forward-looking statements are necessarily

dependent on assumptions, data or methods

that may be incorrect or imprecise and that

may be incapable of being realised and as such,

are not intended to be a guarantee of future

results, but constitute our current expectations

based on reasonable assumptions. Actual results

could differ materially from those projected

in any forward-looking statements due to

various events, risks, uncertainties and other

factors. We neither assume any obligation

nor intend to update or revise any forward-

looking statements, whether as a result of new

information, future events or otherwise.

ConTenTs

Integrated Report

statutory Reports

Financial statements

02 Delivering Science-led Solutions for a Better

Tomorrow

04 FY 2020-21 Operational and Strategic

Highlights

05 Responding to Covid-19 with Resilience

06 Ensuring Good Governance

08 Corporate Information

09 MD & CEO’s Message

10 Our Business Model

60

Board’s Report

87

Management Discussion and Analysis

109 Corporate Governance Report

133 Business Responsibility Report

148 Standalone Financial Statements

216 Consolidated Financial Statements

299 Form AOC-1

301 notice

317 Financial statistics

319 Abbreviations

12 Strategy to Unlock Potential and Deliver Value

Sustainably

16 Material Issues Impacting Value Creation

19 Engaging with Our Stakeholders

20 Risk Management

26 Financial Capital: Managing Finances

Prudently

28 Manufactured Capital: Focussing on Operational

Excellence and Quality Leadership

34 Intellectual Capital: Building Competitive

Edge with Innovation

36 Digitalisation

37 Strengthening our People, Assets and

Environmental Safety Practices

40 Human Capital: Building a Diverse, Future-

Ready Workforce

42 Social and Relationship Capital: Contributing

to a Thriving Society

United nations sustainable Development Goals (sDGs) prioritised

our six capitals

Financial Capital

A balanced cost-effective funding mix

(debt and equity) and deployed for

sustaining and creating value across

all capitals

Manufactured Capital

Infrastructure such as plants, warehousing

and logistics facilities and physical assets that

enable us to ensure efficient operations and

generate long-term returns

Intellectual Capital

Science knowledge, research & development

(R&D) capabilities, information technology

infrastructure and digitalisation which

enables us to develop competitive products

and win market share

social & Relationship Capital

The collaborative relationships with the

communities, supply chain partners and

customers led by our welfare initiatives to

strengthen our reputation of long-term

partner of choice and secure licence

to operate

Human Capital

The knowledge, skills, experience and

motivation of our employees who enable us

to create value

natural Capital

The renewable and non-renewable natural

resources such as raw materials, land, water

and energy which we use in our operations

to generate social and economic value and

the resultant environmental impacts

With eight decades of customer-centric approach, we

respond with agility to all stakeholders’ needs to create

value and being resilient during the most challenging

periods. sustainability forms the very basis of our business

growth aspirations in line with our commitments to

corporate responsibility.

At Tata Chemicals Limited, we

have drawn strength from our core

competencies; science expertise of

80+ years; differentiated products

and solutions for businesses across

several key sectors; manufacturing and

operational excellence; international

distribution capabilities; committed

and highly skilled teams and corporate

governance benchmarked to the

highest standards.

Our business model integrates

all these advantages to retain a

sustainable competitive edge.

Alongside, we make continuous efforts

to simplify our business and scale our

portfolio across new, value-added

chemistries. Each business decision,

followed by action, has the principles

of sustainability embedded in it.

Responsive.

Resilient.

Responsible.

46 Natural Capital: Addressing Environmental

Challenges for a Sustainable World

50 Basic Chemistry Products

54 Performance Materials

55 Nutrition Sciences

57 Agri Sciences

59 Results at Glance:

Managing Director & CEO

Mr. s. Padmanabhan

Non-Executive, Non-Independent

Mr. K. B. s. Anand

Non-Executive, Independent

Mr. Zarir Langrana

Executive Director

e

C

D

e

F

B

F

A

e

F

D

B

B

e

A

C

F

D

A

F

A

C

C

B

Board Committees

A Audit Committee

B

Stakeholders’ Relationship

Committee

C

Nomination and

Remuneration Committee

D Corporate Social

Responsibility Committee

e

Safety, Health,

Environment and

Sustainability Committee

F

Risk Management

Committee

Chairperson

Member

You can read the detailed profiles of our

Board of Directors at

https://www.tatachemicals.com/about-

us/leadership-team/board-of-directors

strong Governance Practices

Good governance is a way of life at Tata Chemicals. We are committed to and guided by the

Tata Code of Conduct (TCoC) built around the core values of Integrity, excellence, Unity,

Responsibility and Pioneering.

Ethics and compliance are embedded in the TCoC,

further facilitated by our systems, policies, processes

and practices

With a view to uphold and respect human rights while

conducting its business, the Board adopted the ‘Tata

Business and Human Rights Policy’ during the year

Quarterly reviews by Audit Committee on ethics

related matters

Governance & ethics:

The TCoC articulates values and ideals that guide and

govern all employees and business matters of Tata

companies

Governance framework, systems and processes reflect

and support our Mission, Vision and Values

The Board of Directors are committed to the best

practices for effective Corporate Governance

Board skills and expertise

Leadership

Industry experience

Science and Technology

IT and Digitalisation

Strategy

Finance and Governance

HR and Communication

Safety and Sustainability

Multiple geography experience

9

8

4

6

8

7

8

8

4

(Number of Board members)

Ensuring Good Governance

Board Diversity

Active, experienced, diverse and well-informed Board

High degree of diversity by age, gender, qualifications, professional background, sector expertise and skills

Board composition for effective

governance (as on March 31, 2021)

2 Executive Directors

2 Non-Executive Directors

56%

22%

22%

Board diversity by age

Tenure on Board

5 Independent Directors

(including 2 Women Directors)

33%

45%

22%

3

2

4

54-58 years

59-63 years

64-67 years

< 3 years

3-6 years

> 6 years

2

3

4

45%

33%

22%

The above pie charts denote the number of Directors:

Dear Shareholders,

At the outset, I hope you and your family

are safe. This has been a very challenging

year for all of us and our resilience has

been tested like never before. I must

begin by thanking all our stakeholders, i.e.

employees, customers, business partners

and investors for their continued support.

The Covid-19 pandemic has given rise

to newer ways of doing business and

accelerated the pace of digitalisation,

with an increased focus on sustainability

and resilience. In this context, keeping

employees safe, ensuring agile servicing of

customer demand and robust operating

cash flows were the three key priorities we

set for ourselves for FY 2020-21.

Guided by Tata Group’s values, we

increased our efforts to support the

communities we serve through an

isolation ward at Mithapur Hospital,

providing livelihood opportunities at

our manufacturing facilities, distributing

essentials and food kits, producing

and distributing sanitisers and sodium

hypochlorite as part of our relief

programme.

Resilience in a challenging

environment

In the Performance Materials vertical,

Soda Ash witnessed lower demand

across key application sectors in

FY 2020-21. The US business was most

affected, with reduced exports and a

sharp decline in prices. Demand revival is

anticipated across all units in

FY 2021-22, which will allow us to

improve our financial performance.

In the Nutrition Sciences vertical, Sodium

Bicarbonate and Salt saw stable demand

while the fermentation platform has a

promising outlook, gaining customer

traction with our prebiotic products

and customised solutions, which we

expect to expand further by adding

new customers. The Agri Sciences

vertical under Rallis delivered an

encouraging performance and growth.

Prioritising safety of teams and agility

in fulfilling customer demand despite

supply chain bottlenecks were the key

elements of resilience in this challenging

environment. Overall, the outlook is

positive with markets recovering and

investments being made across our

businesses.

Our financial performance reflected

the challenging market conditions. The

consolidated revenue for the year was

` 10,200 crore, EBITDA ` 1,501 crore

and PAT ` 436 crore. Our focus was

on ensuring robust cash flows from

operations which were ` 2,037 crore on a

consolidated basis.

Responsibility for a better world

In line with our commitment towards

sustainability, we are committed to

Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) to

reduce our CO2 emissions. Our Carbon

Capture Unit in the UK is nearing

completion and is one of the notable

examples of pathways to ensure we

meet our sustainability targets. Another

area of focus is digitalisation to become

a more customer-centric, service-

oriented and data-driven organisation

which will enable us to create more

resource-efficient, safer and smart

factories alongside modernising our ERP

and data analytics platform. Our Nellore

Fermentation Prebiotics unit leverages

both these elements of sustainability

and digitalisation.

outlook

With the business environment steadily

improving and an expectation of recovery

by the last quarter of CY 2021 to pre-

Covid levels, we remain watchful of any

surges of Covid-19. Our three verticals

of Performance Materials, Nutrition

Sciences and Agri Sciences are well

positioned to deliver robust performance

and accelerate the transformation of

the Company along the vectors of

sustainability and good health.

I thank all our shareholders for continued

guidance and support on our way forward

as a focussed science based chemistry

solutions enterprise.

Warm regards,

R. Mukundan: Managing

Managing Director & CEO of Tata Chemicals

North America Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the

Company.

Pursuant to the recommendations of the Nomination &

Remuneration Committee and Audit Committee, the Board

appointed Mr. Nandakumar S. Tirumalai as the Chief Financial

Officer and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company with

effect from April 1, 2021.

In terms of the provisions of Section 2(51) and Section 203 of

the Act, the following are the KMP of the Company:

•

Mr. R. Mukundan,: Managing Director & CEO

•

Mr. Zarir Langrana, Executive Director

•

Mr. Nandakumar S. Tirumalai, Chief Financial Officer

(w.e.f. April 1, 2021)

•

Mr. Rajiv Chandan, General Counsel & Company

Secretary

Procedure for Nomination and Appointment of

Directors

The NRC is responsible for developing competency

requirements for the Board based on the industry and

strategy of the Company. The Board composition analysis

reflects in-depth understanding of the Company, including

its strategies, environment, operations, financial condition

and compliance requirements.

The NRC conducts a gap analysis to refresh the Board on a

periodic basis, including each time a Director’s appointment

or re-appointment is required. The Committee is also

responsible for reviewing the profiles of potential candidates

vis-à-vis the required competencies and meeting the

potential candidates, prior to making recommendations of

their nomination to the Board. At the time of appointment,

specific requirements for the position including expert

knowledge expected is communicated to the appointee.

The list of core skills, expertise and competencies of the Board

of Directors as are required in the context of the businesses

and sectors applicable to the Company are identified by the

Board and are available with the Board. The Company has

also mapped each of the skills, expertise and competencies

against the names of the Board Members possessing the

same. The same is disclosed in the Corporate Governance

Report forming part of this Integrated Annual Report.

Scientific Advisory Board

The Board has constituted a Scientific Advisory Board

consisting of scientists with relevant domain expertise under

the

Managing Director

& CEO

3

3

*Appointed as a Member of the Committee w.e.f. September 1, 2020

Note:

Ms.

Vibha

Paul

Rishi,

Independent

Director

and

Mr. Zarir Langrana, Executive Director ceased to be Members of the

Committee w.e.f. September 1, 2020

3.

Provide the web-link where Composition of CSR

committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved

by the board are disclosed on the website of the

company:

https://www.tatachemicals.com/CSR.htm

4.

Provide the details of Impact assessment of CSR

projects carried out in pursuance of sub-rule (3)

of Rule 8 of the Companies (Corporate Social

Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, if applicable

(attach the report):

In terms of the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility

Policy) Amendment Rules, 2021, there are no projects

undertaken or completed after January 22, 2021, for which

undertaking impact assessment is applicable. However,

the Company has been conducting impact assessments to

monitor and evaluate its strategic CSR programmes from

time to time.

In FY 2020-21, the Company had voluntarily undertaken an

impact assessment study of its Community Development

projects linked to Agriculture and Livestock management

programme which was undertaken a few years ago.

The study has been conducted by an agency viz.

'Change Alliance'. The study not only details the impacts

and the benefits accrued by the community, it also

proposes future development model for Agriculture and

Livestock management programmes.

The

Impact

Assessment

Report

of

the

study

undertaken voluntarily is uploaded on the website at:

https://www.tatachemicals.com/CSR.htm

5.

Details of the amount available for set-off in

pursuance of sub-rule (3) of Rule 7 of the Companies

(Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014

and amount required for set-off for the financial

year, if any –

Sl.

No.

Financial

Year

Amount available

for set-off from

preceding financial

years (in `)

Amount required

to be set-off for

the financial year,

if any (in `)

NOT APPLICABLE

6.

Average net profit of the Company as per Section

135(5):

` 925.27 crore for the preceding three Financial Years

7.

(a) Two percent of average net profit of the

Company as per Section 135(5): ` 18.51 crore

(b) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or

programmes or activities of the previous

financial years: N.A.:

Managing Director & CEO

Chairman-CSR Committee

DIN: 00778253

DIN: 00306299

Mumbai, May 3, 2021

Mumbai, May 3, 2021:

Managing Director (‘MD’)/

Executive Directors (‘ED’)/KMP/rest of the

employees1

The extent of overall remuneration should be sufficient to

attract and retain talented and qualified individuals suitable

for every role. Hence remuneration should be -

•

Market competitive (market for every role is defined as

companies from which the company attracts talent or

companies to which the company loses talent)

•

Driven by the role played by the individual

•

Reflective of size of the company, complexity of

the sector/industry/company’s operations and the

company’s capacity to pay

•

Consistent with recognised best practices and

•

Aligned to any regulatory requirements.

In terms of remuneration mix or composition,

•

The remuneration mix for the MD/EDs is as per the

contract approved by the shareholders. In case of any

change, the same would require the approval of the

shareholders.

•

Basic/fixed salary is provided to all employees to ensure

that there is a steady income in line with their skills and

experience.

•

In addition to the basic/fixed salary, the Company

provides

employees

with

certain

perquisites,

allowances and benefits to enable a certain level

of lifestyle and to offer scope for savings and tax

optimisation, where possible. The Company also

provides all employees with a social security net

(subject to limits) by covering medical expenses and

hospitalisation through re-imbursements or insurance

cover and accidental death and dismemberment

through personal accident insurance.

•

The Company provides retirement benefits as

applicable.

•

In addition to the basic/fixed salary, benefits,

perquisites and allowances as provided above,

the Company provides MD/EDs such remuneration

by way of commission, calculated with reference to

the net profits of the Company in a particular financial

year, as may be determined by the Board, subject to

the overall ceilings stipulated in Section 197 of the Act.

The specific amount payable to the MD/EDs would

be based on performance as evaluated by the Board or

the NRC and approved by the Board.

•

The Company provides the rest of the employees a

performance linked bonus. The performance linked

bonus would be driven by the outcome of the

performance appraisal process and the performance of

the Company.

u

Remuneration payable to Directors for services

rendered in other capacity

The remuneration payable to the Directors shall be inclusive

of any remuneration payable for services rendered by such

Director in any other capacity unless:

(a)

The services rendered are of a professional nature; and

(b)

The NRC is of the opinion that the Director possesses

requisite qualification for the practice of the profession.

Policy implementation

The NRC is responsible for recommending the remuneration

policy to the Board. The Board is responsible for approving and

overseeing implementation of the remuneration policy.

On behalf of the Board of Directors

N. Chandrasekaran

Chairman

DIN: 00121863

Mumbai, May 3, 2021

1 Excludes employees covered by any long term settlements or specific term contracts. The remuneration for these employees would be driven by the respective long

term settlements or contracts.:

Managing Director & CEO

98.37:1

(3.75)

Mr. Zarir Langrana

48:1

(2.52)

Key Managerial Personnel

Mr. John Mulhall, Chief Financial Officer (ceased w.e.f. March 31, 2021)

-

14.62

Mr. Rajiv Chandan, General Counsel & Company Secretary

-

6.42

Note: Remuneration includes commission which relates to FY 2020-21 and which will be paid during FY 2021-22

*As a policy, Mr. N. Chandrasekaran, Chairman of the Board has abstained from receiving commission from the Company

** In line with the internal guidelines, no payment is made towards commission to Mr. S. Padmanabhan, Non-Executive Director of the Company, who is in

full-time employment with other Tata company

^Increase in remuneration is not reported as the concerned directors were only for a part of the year under review or previous year

#Mr. Rajiv Dube was appointed during the year and hence the ratio to median remuneration is not reported

B. Percentage increase in the median remuneration of employees in FY 2020-21: 6.54%

C. Number of permanent employees on the rolls of the Company as on March 31, 2021: 1,699

D. Comparison of average percentile increase in salary of employees other than the managerial

personnel and the percentile increase in the managerial remuneration:

Particulars

% change in remuneration

Average increase in salary of employees (other than managerial personnel)

6.34

Average increase in remuneration of managerial personnel

(3.35)

E.

Affirmation:

It is affirmed that the remuneration paid to the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and other employees is as per the Remuneration

Policy of the Company.

On behalf of the Board of Directors

N. Chandrasekaran

Chairman

DIN: 00121863

Mumbai, May 3, 2021

Annexure 6 to Board’s Report

Disclosure of Managerial Remuneration

[Pursuant to Section 197 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial

Personnel) Rules, 2014]:

letter of even date which is annexed as

Annexure A and forms an integral part of this report.

‘Annexure A’

To,

The Members

Tata Chemicals Limited

Our report of even date is to be read along with this: letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion

on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and process as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of

the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial

records. We believe that the process and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management Representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and

happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of

management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedure on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with

which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Parikh & Associates

Company Secretaries

P. N. Parikh

Partner

FCS No: 327 CP No: 1228

Mumbai, May 3, 2021

UDIN: F000327C000226047

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer; ED – Executive Director; NE-NID – Non-Executive Non-Independent Director; ID – Independent

Director

* Excludes directorships in private limited companies, foreign companies, companies registered under Section 8 of the Act, Government Bodies and Alternate

Directorships

** Represents Chairpersonships/Memberships of Audit and Stakeholders Relationship Committees in all public limited companies as required under

Regulation 26(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations

@Appointed as an Additional, Non-Executive Non-Independent Director and Chairman of the Board w.e.f. November 24, 2020

# Resigned as a Non-Executive Non-Independent Director w.e.f. November 24, 2020. Mr. Bhat was elected to chair each of the Meetings of the Board held till the

date of his resignation

&Appointed as an Additional, Non-Executive Independent Director of the Company w.e.f. September 18, 2020

^Debt listed company:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer; ED - Executive Director

*includes shares jointly held with relative

Apart from the above, no Director holds any shares in the

Company. The Company has not issued any convertible

instruments.

None of the Directors of the Company is related to each

other and there are no inter se relationships between the

Directors.

None of the Directors on the Board is a Member of more than

10 Committees and Chairperson of more than 5 Committees

(Committees being Audit Committee and Stakeholders

Relationship Committee as per Regulation 26(1) of the SEBI

Listing Regulations) across all the public companies in which

he/she is a Director. All the Directors have made the requisite

disclosures regarding committee positions held by them in

other companies.

None of the Directors hold office in more than 10 public

limited companies as prescribed under Section 165(1)

of the Act. No Director holds directorships in more than

7 listed companies. None of the Non-Executive Directors is

an Independent Director in more than 7 listed companies

as required under the SEBI Listing Regulations. Further, the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO apprises the Board on the overall

performance of the Company every quarter including the

performance of the overseas operating subsidiaries.

The Board periodically reviews the strategy, annual business

plan, business performance of the Company and its key

subsidiaries, technology and innovation, quality, customer

centricity, capital expenditure budgets and risk management,

safety and environment matters. Amongst other things,

the Board also reviews the compliance reports of the laws

applicable to the Company, internal financial controls and

financial reporting systems, minutes of the Board Meetings

of the Company’s subsidiary companies, adoption of

quarterly/half-yearly/annual results, corporate restructuring,

transactions pertaining to purchase/disposal of property,

minutes of the Meetings of the Audit and other Committees

of the Board.

In addition to the information required under Regulation

17(7) read with Part A of Schedule II of the SEBI Listing

Regulations which is required to be placed before the Board,

the Directors are also kept informed of major events.

All the Board and Committee Meetings conducted are

paperless with documents securely uploaded on the

Board Application and accessed online. This has resulted in

saving paper, reducing the cycle time to make documents

available to the Board/Committee Members and increasing

confidentiality.

In compliance with the relaxations granted by the MCA

due to the outbreak of Covid-19, the Company has also

conducted its Board and Committee Meetings through

video conferencing during the year.

Independent Directors

The Company currently has 5 Non-Executive Independent

Directors (including 2 Women Directors) which comprise

55.56% of the total strength of the Board of Directors.

During the year under review, the Board of Directors

based on the recommendations made by the Nomination

and Remuneration Committee appointed Mr. Rajiv Dube

as Non-Executive Independent Director with effect from

September 18, 2020 subject to approval of the shareholders.

During the year under review, none of the Independent

Director(s) of the Company resigned.

Independence of Directors

The Company has received a declaration from the

Independent Directors confirming that they meet the

criteria of independence as prescribed under Section 149(6)

of the Act read with Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing

Regulations. In terms of Regulation 25(8) of the SEBI Listing

Regulations, the Independent Directors have confirmed that

they are not aware of any circumstances or situations which

exist or may be reasonably anticipated that could impair or

impact their ability to discharge their duties.

In the opinion of the Board, the Independent Directors fulfil

the conditions of independence specified in the Act and

the SEBI Listing Regulations and are independent of the

management.

Further, the Independent Directors have in terms of

Section 150 of the Act read with Rule 6 of the Companies

(Appointment & Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014,

confirmed that they have enrolled themselves in the

Independent Directors’ Databank maintained with the

Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs (‘IICA’). They are exempt

from the requirement to undertake the online proficiency

self-assessment test conducted by IICA.

Meeting of Independent Directors

During the year under review, one (1) meeting of the

Independent Directors of the Company was held on March

23, 2021 as required under Schedule IV to the Act (Code of

Independent Directors) and Regulation 25(3) of the SEBI

Listing Regulations. At their Meeting, the Independent

Directors reviewed the performance of Non-Independent

Directors and the Board as a whole including the Chairman

of the Board after taking the views of Executive Directors

and Non-Executive Directors and also assessed the quality,:

Managing Director & CEO forms

part of this Report.

Apart from reimbursement of expenses incurred in

discharging their duties and the remuneration that the

Directors would be entitled under the Act as Non-Executive

Directors, none of the Directors have any other material

pecuniary relationships or transactions with the Company,

its Promoters, its Directors, its Senior Management or its

Subsidiaries during the two immediately preceding financial

years.

Senior Management of the Company have made disclosures

to the Board confirming that there are no material, financial

and/or commercial transactions between them and the

Company which could have potential conflict of interest

with the Company at large.

3.

Audit Committee

The Audit Committee’s role is to assist the Board fulfil its

Corporate Governance and overseeing responsibilities

in relation to the Company’s financial reporting process

carried out by the Management, internal control system,

risk management system and internal and external audit

functions. The Audit Committee functions according to its

charter/terms of reference that defines its composition,

authority, responsibilities and reporting functions. The

Board has adopted a charter of the Audit Committee for its

functioning. All the items listed in Section 177 of the Act and

Regulation 18(3) read with Part C of Schedule II of the SEBI

Listing Regulations are covered in its terms of reference.

Terms of Reference

The Audit Committee of the Company is responsible for

supervising the Company’s internal controls and financial

reporting process and inter alia, performs the following

functions:

•

Oversight of the Company’s financial reporting process

and disclosure of its financial information to ensure

that the financial statements are materially correct,

sufficient and credible;

•

Review of the Company’s accounting policies, internal

accounting controls, financial and such other matters

and the changes thereon;

•

Review the functioning of Whistleblower Mechanism of

the Company which shall include the Vigil Mechanism

for Directors and employees to report genuine

concerns in the prescribed manner;

•

Discuss and review, with the management and auditors,

the annual/half-yearly/quarterly financial statements

before submission to the Board for approval;

•

Hold timely discussions with external auditors

regarding critical accounting policies and practices,

significant reporting issues and judgements made,

nature and scope of audit;

•

Evaluate

auditors’

performance,

qualification,

independence and effectiveness of audit process;

•

Recommend

to

the

Board,

the

appointment,

re-appointment, removal of the external auditors,

fixation of audit fees and also approval for payment of

audit and non-audit services;

•

Reviewing the adequacy of internal control system,

internal audit function and risk management function;

•

Review the significant related party transactions;

•

Valuation of undertakings or assets of the listed entity,

wherever it is necessary;

•

Approve the appointment of the Chief Financial Officer

after assessing the qualifications, experience and

background of the candidate;

•

Carrying out any other function as is mentioned in the

terms of reference of the Audit Committee.

Further, pursuant to Regulation 18(2)(c) of the SEBI Listing

Regulations, the Audit Committee is empowered to

investigate any activity within its terms of reference, seek

information it requires from any employee, obtain outside

legal or other Independent professional advice and secure

attendance of outsiders with relevant expertise, if considered

necessary. Apart from the above, the Audit Committee also

exercises the role and powers entrusted upon it by the Board

of Directors from time to time.

Meetings Held

During FY 2020-21, eleven (11) Meetings of the Audit

Committee were held on the following dates:

• May 15, 2020

• July 9, 2020

• July 31, 2020

• August 25, 2020

• October 29, 2020

• November 12, 2020

• November 26, 2020

• January 28, 2021

• February 9, 2021

• March 1, 2021

• March 20, 2021:

Managing Director & CEO, Executive Director,

Chief Financial Officer, Statutory Auditor and Controller -

Risk & Internal Auditor attend and participate in all the

Meetings of the Committee. The Chief Operating Officers

and Chief Human Resources Officer attend the Meetings

where Internal Audit Reports are discussed. The Committee,

from time to time, also invites such executives, as it considers

appropriate, to be present at the Meetings. During the

year under review, the Committee reviewed the key audit

findings covering operational, financial and compliance

areas, internal financial controls and financial reporting

systems. The Audit Committee also reviewed the reports

on leadership of business ethics, reports on dealings under

Prohibition of Insider Trading Regulations and Related

Party Transactions. During the year under review, the Audit

Committee reviewed the process and controls for Insider

Trading and also adopted a framework for levying penalties

in case of any violation under the Insider Trading Code.

The Chairperson of the Audit Committee briefs the Board

at each Board Meeting about the significant discussions

at the Audit Committee Meetings including the internal

audit matters. The minutes of each of the Audit Committee

Meetings are placed in the next Meeting of the Board

after they are confirmed by the Committee.

Ms. Padmini Khare Kaicker, Chairperson of the Audit

Committee, was present at the last e-AGM held on

July 7, 2020.

4.

Nomination and Remuneration Committee

The role of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee

(‘NRC’) is to oversee the selection of Directors and Senior

Management Personnel based on criteria related to the

specific requirement of expertise and independence.

The NRC evaluates the performance of Directors and

Senior Management Personnel based on the expected

performance criteria. The NRC also recommends to the

Board the remuneration payable to Directors and Senior

Management Personnel of the Company.

Terms of Reference

The Board has adopted a charter of the NRC for its smooth

functioning covering aspects relating to composition,

responsibilities, evaluation process, remuneration, Board

development and reviewing HR strategy. The key terms of

reference of the NRC, inter alia, are:

•

Make recommendations to the Board regarding the

setup and composition of the Board;

•

Identify persons who are qualified to become directors

and who may be appointed in senior management in

accordance with the criteria laid down and recommend

to the Board of Directors their appointment and removal;

•

Support the Board and Independent Directors, as may

be required, in evaluation of the performance of the

Board, its Committees and Individual Directors;

•

Whether to extend or continue the term of appointment

of the Independent Director, on the basis of the report

of performance evaluation of Independent Directors;

•

On an annual basis, recommend to the Board the

remuneration payable to Directors, KMP and executive

team members of the Company;

•

Devise a policy on Board diversity;:

Managing Director & CEO

1,19,34,000

2,00,31,185

3,25,00,000

6,44,65,185

Mr. Zarir Langrana – Executive Director

66,15,000

1,13,37,932

1,35,00,000

3,14,52,932

*Commission relates to FY 2020-21, which will be paid during FY 2021-22

Non-Executive Directors

During FY 2020-21, the Company paid sitting fees of

` 30,000 per Meeting to the Non-Executive Directors for

attending each Meeting of the Board; Audit Committee and

Nomination and Remuneration Committee; and ` 20,000

per Meeting for attending each Meeting of Stakeholders

Relationship Committee; Meeting of Independent Directors;

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee; Safety, Health,

Environment and Sustainability Committee and Risk

Management Committee. The Members had, at the AGM of

the Company held on July 25, 2018 approved the payment

of commission to the Non-Executive Directors within the

ceiling of 1% per annum of the net profits of the Company

as computed under the applicable provisions of the Act.

The said commission is decided each year by the Board

of Directors and distributed amongst the Non-Executive

Directors based on their attendance and contribution at

the Board and Committee Meetings. The Company also

reimburses out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Directors

for attending the Meetings.

Details of sitting fees paid and commission payable to the Non-Executive Directors for FY ended March 31, 2021 is given below:

(`)

Name of the Director

Sitting Fees paid

during FY 2020-21

Commission (for FY 2020-21

payable in FY 2021-22)

Mr. N. Chandrasekaran @

1,20,000

N.A.

Mr. Bhaskar Bhat #

2,70,000

30,00,000

Ms. Vibha Paul Rishi

8,40,000

40,00,000

Mr. S. Padmanabhan *

9,00,000

N.A.

Ms. Padmini Khare Kaicker

7,40,000

40,00,000

Dr. C. V. Natraj

6,10,000

40,00,000

Mr. K. B. S. Anand

5,10,000

30,00,000

Mr. Rajiv Dube &

1,70,000

20,00,000

Total

41,60,000

2,00,00,000

@ Appointed as an Additional, Non-Executive Non-Independent Director and Chairman of the Board w.e.f. November 24, 2020. As a policy, Mr. Chandrasekaran

has abstained from receiving commission from the Company

#Resigned as a Non-Executive Non-Independent Director w.e.f. November 24, 2020

* In line with the internal guidelines, no payment is made towards commission to Mr. S. Padmanabhan, Non-Executive Director of the Company, who is in

full-time employment with other Tata company

&Appointed as an Additional, Non-Executive Independent Director of the Company w.e.f. September 18, 2020

As per the practice, commission to the Directors is paid after the annual accounts are adopted by the Members at the AGM.

The Company has not granted any stock options to its Directors.:

Managing Director & CEO

Mr. Zarir Langrana,

Executive Director

Period of Contract

5 years up to November 25, 2023

5 years up to March 31, 2023

Severance fees/notice period

The Agreement may be terminated earlier, without any cause, by either Party by giving to the other

Party six months’ notice of such termination or the Company paying six months’ remuneration

which shall be limited to provision of Salary, Benefits, Perquisites, Allowances and any pro-rated

lncentive Remuneration (paid at the discretion of the Board, in lieu of such notice).

There is no separate provision for payment of severance fees.

Succession Plan

The Company believes that sound succession plans for the

senior leadership are very important for creating a robust

future for the Company. The Nomination and Remuneration

Committee works along with the Human Resource team of

the Company for a structured leadership succession plan.

Retirement Policy for Directors

As per the Company’s policy, the Managing and Executive

Directors retire at the age of 65 years, Non-Independent

Non-Executive Directors retire at the age of 70 years and the

retirement age for Independent Directors is 75 years.

5.

Stakeholders Relationship Committee

The Stakeholders Relationship Committee (‘SRC’) looks into

various aspects of interest of shareholders. The Committee

ensures cordial investor relations and oversees the

mechanism for redressal of investors’ grievances.

Terms of Reference

The terms of reference of the SRC, inter alia, are as under:

•

Resolving the grievances of the security holders;

•

Reviewing details of transfer of unclaimed dividend/

securities to the Investor Education and Protection Fund;

•

Reviewing the transfer, transmission, dematerialisation

of securities;

•

Reviewing measures taken for effective exercise of

voting rights by shareholders;

•

Reviewing adherence to the service standards in

respect of various services being rendered by the

Registrar & Share Transfer Agent;

•

Reviewing various measures and initiatives taken for

reducing the quantum of unclaimed dividends; and

•

Ensuring timely receipt of dividend warrants/annual

reports/statutory notices by the shareholders of the

Company.

Meetings Held

During FY 2020-21, two (2) Meetings of the SRC were held on

the following dates:

• November 12, 2020

• February 11, 2021

The necessary quorum was present for all the Meetings of

the Committee.

Composition and Attendance

Name of the

Member

Category

No. of

Meetings

held during

tenure

No. of

Meetings

attended

Ms. Vibha Paul Rishi

(Chairperson)

ID

2

2

Mr. S. Padmanabhan

NED

2

2

Mr. R. Mukundan

MD &

CEO

2

2

Mr. Zarir Langrana

ED

2

2

ID - Independent Director; NED - Non-Executive Director; MD & CEO -: Managing

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer; ED - Executive Director

@Ceased to be Members of the Committee w.e.f. September 1, 2020

#Appointed as a Member of the Committee w.e.f. September 1, 2020:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer; ED - Executive Director;

CFO - Chief Financial Officer

@ Appointed as a Member and Chairman of the Committee

w.e.f. September 1, 2020. In the absence of a permanent Chairman,

Mr. S. Padmanabhan was elected as the Chairman for the Meeting held

on August 25, 2020

^ Ceased to be a Member of the Committee w.e.f. March 31, 2021

upon

cessation

as

CFO

of

the

Company.

Subsequently,

Mr. Nandakumar S. Tirumalai was appointed as CFO of the

Company and Member of the Committee w.e.f. April 1, 2021

The Chairman of the RMC briefs the Board at each Board

Meeting about the significant discussions at the RMC

Meetings. The Company has a well-defined risk management

framework in place. The risk management framework

adopted by the Company is discussed in detail in the

Management Discussion and Analysis which forms part of

this Integrated Annual Report.

8.

Safety, Health, Environment and

Sustainability Committee

The Safety, Health, Environment and Sustainability ('SHES')

Committee is entrusted with the specific responsibility of

reviewing and monitoring the health, environment and

safety framework and sustainable development. The overall

roadmap as well as specific issues of concern including those

related to safety and climate change is reviewed in detail.

Terms of Reference

The terms of reference of the SHES Committee, inter alia, are

as under:

•

Review and monitor the sustainability, environmental,

safety and health policies and activities across the:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer; ED - Executive Director

#Appointed as a Chairman of the Committee w.e.f. September 1, 2020

@ Ceased to be a Member and Chairperson of the Committee w.e.f.

September 1, 2020

$Appointed as a Member of the Committee w.e.f. September 1, 2020

The Chairman of the SHES Committee briefs the Board at

each Board Meeting about the significant discussions at the

SHES Committee Meetings.

Chief - Safety and Chief - CSR & Sustainability were invitees to

the Meetings of the SHES Committee. The General Counsel &

Company Secretary also attended the Meetings.

9.

Scientific Advisory Board

The Board of Directors has constituted a Scientific Advisory

Board with the objective of synergising the Research &

Development (‘R&D’) initiatives at the Company’s Innovation

Centre and R&D Centres (for crop care and seeds division) of

Rallis India Limited, subsidiary of the Company. The Scientific

Advisory Board is instrumental in providing guidance and

direction to R&D Centres and report progress to the Board.

The Scientific Advisory Board consists of senior employees

from the Company and Rallis India Limited with background

in R&D, Science and Technology and is chaired by

Dr. C. V. Natraj, Independent Director of the Company.

The terms of reference of the Scientific Advisory Board,

inter alia, are - alignment of the R&D Centres’ priorities

to the Business priorities; recommending the right skills

and competencies necessary for the teams; ensuring that

the right R&D metrics are derived from business targets;

maintaining a balance between short-term and long-term

projects; ensuring open innovation to support internal R&D

activities; and give directions for ensuring the right balance

between inputs and outputs for the centres. An update on

the Scientific Advisory Board is given to the Board of Directors

quarterly.

10. Subsidiary Companies

Regulation 16 of the SEBI Listing Regulations defines a

‘material subsidiary’ to mean a subsidiary, whose income or

net worth exceeds 10% of the consolidated income or net

worth respectively, of the listed entity and its subsidiaries in

the immediately preceding accounting year.

In addition to the above, Regulation 24 of the SEBI Listing

Regulations requires that at least one Independent Director

on the Board of Directors of the listed entity shall be a

Director on the Board of Directors of an unlisted material

subsidiary, whether incorporated in India or not. For the

purpose of this provision, material subsidiary means a

subsidiary, whose income or net worth exceeds 20% of the

consolidated income or net worth respectively, of the listed

entity and its subsidiaries in the immediately preceding

accounting year.

Accordingly, Independent Directors have been appointed on

the Board of unlisted material subsidiaries. For more effective

governance, the Independent Directors appointed in such

subsidiaries brief the Board of Directors of the Company

at each Board Meeting on any significant issues of these

unlisted material subsidiaries.:

Managing Director & CEO and Chief Financial Officer

hold quarterly briefs with analysts, shareholders and

major stakeholders where the Company’s performance

is discussed. The official press releases, presentation

made to the Members at the AGM, the presentation

made to the institutional investors and analysts and the

transcripts of the call with analysts for quarterly/half-yearly/

annual results are available on the Company’s website at

www.tatachemicals.com.:

Managing Director & CEO and the Chief Financial Officer

have certified to the Board in accordance with Regulation

17(8) read with Part B of Schedule II to the SEBI Listing

Regulations pertaining to CEO/CFO certification for the year

ended March 31, 2021.

Details of utilisation of funds raised through

preferential allotment or qualified institutional

placement

The Company has not raised any funds through preferential

allotment or qualified institutional placement during the

year under review.

Acceptance of recommendations of Committees

by the Board of Directors

In terms of the SEBI Listing Regulations, there have been

no instances during the year under review, when the

recommendations of any of the Committees were not

accepted by the Board.

Fees paid to B S R & Co. LLP, Statutory Auditors

and all entities in the network firm of the

Statutory Auditors

During FY 2020-21, a total fee of ` 14.19 crore was paid by

the Company and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis,

for all services to B S R & Co. LLP, Statutory Auditors and all

entities in the network firm/entity of which they are a part.

Disclosures in relation to the Sexual Harassment

of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition

and Redressal) Act, 2013

As per the requirement of the Sexual Harassment of Women

at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition & Redressal) Act, 2013:

letter duly signed by the first/sole holder

quoting details of folio number.

Mandatory Requirements

The Company has complied with all the mandatory

requirements of the SEBI Listing Regulations relating to

Corporate Governance.

Compliance with Discretionary Requirements

The status of compliance with the discretionary requirements

as stated under Part E of Schedule II to the SEBI Listing

Regulations are as under:

The Board: The Non-Executive Chairman has a separate

office which is not maintained by the Company.

Shareholder Rights: The quarterly/half-yearly/financial

performance of the Company is sent to all the Members

whose e-mail addresses are registered with the Company/

Depositories. The results are also available on the Company’s

website at:

https://www.tatachemicals.com/Investors/Financial-reports/

Quarterly-results

Modified opinion(s) in Audit Report: During the year under

review, there was no audit qualification in the Company’s

Financial Statements. The Company continues to adopt best

practices to ensure regime of unmodified audit opinion.

Reporting of Internal Auditor: The Internal Auditor reports

to the Audit Committee.:

MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO

TO THE MEMBERS OF

TATA CHEMICALS LIMITED

I, R. Mukundan,: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

b)

Details of the BR head:

Sr.

No.

Particulars

Details

1.

DIN (if applicable)

N.A.

2.

Name

Ms. Alka Talwar

3.

Designation

Chief CSR and Sustainability Officer

4.

Telephone Number

022-66437530

5.

E-mail id

atalwar@tatachemicals.com

2.

Principle-wise (as per NVGs) BR policy/policies:

The National Voluntary Guidelines on Social, Environmental

and Economic Responsibilities of Business (‘NVGs’) released

by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) has adopted nine

areas of Business Responsibility. These are briefly as under:

P1

Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with

Ethics, Transparency and Accountability

P2

Businesses should provide goods and services that are safe

and contribute to sustainability throughout their life cycle

P3

Businesses should promote the well-being of all employees

P4

Businesses should respect the interests of and be

responsive towards all stakeholders, especially those who

are disadvantaged, vulnerable and marginalised

P5

Businesses should respect and promote human rights

P6

Businesses should respect, protect and make efforts to

restore the environment

P7

Businesses, when engaged in influencing public and

regulatory policy, should do so in a responsible manner

P8

Businesses should support inclusive growth and equitable

development

P9

Businesses should engage with and provide value to their

customers and consumers in a responsible manner:

Managing Director and CEO

Nandakumar S. Tirumalai

(ICAI M. No.: 203896)

Chief Financial Officer

Rajiv Chandan

(ICSI M. No.: FCS 4312)

General Counsel & Company Secretary

As per our report of even date attached

For B S R & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm's Registration No: 101248W/W - 100022

Vijay Mathur

Partner

Membership No. 046476

Mumbai, May 3, 2021:

Managing Director and CEO

Nandakumar S. Tirumalai

(ICAI M. No.: 203896)

Chief Financial Officer

Rajiv Chandan

(ICSI M. No.: FCS 4312)

General Counsel & Company Secretary

As per our report of even date attached

For B S R & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm's Registration No: 101248W/W - 100022

Vijay Mathur

Partner

Membership No. 046476

Mumbai, May 3, 2021

Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss for the year ended March 31, 2021

` in crore

Note

Year ended

March 31, 2021

Year ended

March 31, 2020

I.

Incomes

a)

Revenue from operations

25

2,998.88

2,920.29

b)

Other income

26

219.15

309.15

Total income (a+b)

3,218.03

3,229.44

II.

Expenses

a)

Cost of materials consumed

600.33

541.90

b)

Purchases of stock-in-trade

152.56

94.41

c)

Changes in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress and stock-in-trade

27

11.59

(76.41)

d)

Employee benefits expense

28

250.42

250.28

e)

Finance costs

29

18.74

43.37

f)

Depreciation and amortisation expense

30

197.32

149.50

g)

Other expenses

31

1,373.10

1,392.07

Total expenses (a to g)

2,604.06

2,395.12

III.

Profit before tax ( I - II )

613.97

834.32

IV.

Tax expense

(a)

Current tax

33

134.49

194.37

(b)

Deferred tax

33

0.37

(31.87)

Total tax expense (a+b)

134.86

162.50

V.

Profit for the year from continuing operations ( III-IV)

479.11

671.82

VI.

Exceptional gain from discontinued operations (net)

34

-

6,128.08

VII.

Tax expense of discontinued operations

34

-

(40.32)

VIII.

Profit for the year from discontinued operations ( VI-VII)

-

6,168.40

IX.

Profit for the year (V+VIII)

479.11

6,840.22

X.

Other comprehensive income (net of tax) ("OCI") - gain/(loss)

(A)

Items that will not be reclassified to the Statement of Profit and Loss

-

Changes in fair value of investments in equities carried at fair value through OCI

1,194.26

(557.31)

-

Remeasurement of defined employee benefit plans (note 38)

28.72

(50.55)

(B)

Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to the Statement of Profit and Loss

142.01

(65.42)

Total other comprehensive income - gain/(loss) (net of tax) (A-B)

1,080.97

(542.44)

XI.

Total comprehensive income for the year (IX+X)

1,560.08

6,297.78

XII.

Earnings per share for continuing operations (in `)

-

Basic and Diluted

35

18.81

26.37

XIII.

Earnings per share for discontinued operations (in `)

-

Basic and Diluted

35

-

242.13

XIV.

Earnings per share (for continuing and discontinued operations) (in `)

-

Basic and Diluted

35

18.81

268.50

Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements

1-46:

Managing Director and CEO

Nandakumar S. Tirumalai

(ICAI M. No.: 203896)

Chief Financial Officer

Rajiv Chandan

(ICSI M. No.: FCS 4312)

General Counsel & Company Secretary

As per our report of even date attached

For B S R & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm's Registration No: 101248W/W - 100022

Vijay Mathur

Partner

Membership No. 046476

Mumbai, May 3, 2021:

Managing Director and CEO

Nandakumar S. Tirumalai

(ICAI M. No.: 203896)

Chief Financial Officer

Rajiv Chandan

(ICSI M. No.: FCS 4312)

General Counsel & Company Secretary

As per our report of even date attached

For B S R & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm's Registration No: 101248W/W - 100022

Vijay Mathur

Partner

Membership No. 046476

Mumbai, May 3, 2021:

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer (who is the Company’s

chief operating decision maker) in deciding how to

allocate resources and in assessing performance.

The accounting policies adopted for segment

reporting are in conformity with the accounting

policies of the Company. Segment revenue,

segment expenses, segment assets and segment

liabilities have been identified to segments on

the basis of their relationship to the operating

activities of the segment. Inter segment revenue is

accounted on the basis of transactions which are

primarily determined based on market / fair value

factors. Revenue, expenses, assets and liabilities

which relate to the Company as a whole and are

not allocable to segments on a reasonable basis

have been included under ‘unallocated revenue /

expenses / assets / liabilities’.

2.21 Income tax

Tax expense for the year comprises current and

deferred tax. The tax currently payable is based

on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs

from net profit as reported in the Standalone

Statement of Profit and Loss because it excludes

items of income or expense that are taxable or

deductible in other years and it further excludes

items that are never taxable or deductible. The

Company’s liability for current tax is calculated

using tax rates and tax laws that have been

enacted or substantively enacted by the end of

the reporting period.

Current tax assets and current tax liabilities are

offset when there is a legally enforceable right to

set off the recognised amounts and there is an

intention to realise the asset or to settle the liability

on a net basis.

Deferred tax is the tax expected to be payable or

recoverable on differences between the carrying

values of assets and liabilities in the Standalone

Financial Statements and the corresponding tax

bases used in the computation of taxable profit

and is accounted for using the Standalone Balance

Sheet liability method. Deferred tax liabilities are

generally recognised for all taxable temporary

differences arising between the tax base of

assets and liabilities and their carrying amount,

except when the deferred income tax arises from

the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a

transaction that is not a business combination and

affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss

at the time of the transaction. In contrast, deferred

tax assets are only recognised to the extent that

it is probable that future taxable profits will be

available against which the temporary differences

can be utilised.

The carrying value of deferred tax assets is

reviewed at the end of each reporting period and

reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable

that sufficient taxable profits will be available to

allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

Deferred tax is calculated at the tax rates that are

expected to apply in the period when the liability

is settled or the asset is realised based on the

tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or

substantially enacted by the end of the reporting

period. The measurement of deferred tax liabilities

and assets reflects the tax consequences that

would follow from the manner in which the

Company expects, at the end of the reporting

period, to cover or settle the carrying value of its

assets and liabilities.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset to the

extent that they relate to taxes levied by the same

tax authority and there are legally enforceable

rights to set off current tax assets and current tax

liabilities within that jurisdiction.:

Managing Director/

Executive Director or five years of continuous service as: Managing

letter of credit - as and

where considered necessary, setting appropriate credit terms and by setting and monitoring internal limits on exposure to individual

customers.

There is no substantial concentration of credit risk as the revenue and trade receivables from any of the single customer do not

exceed 10% of Company revenue and trade receivables, except as disclosed in note 39.1.

For certain other receivables, where recoveries are expected beyond twelve months of the Balance Sheet date, the time value of

money is appropriately considered in determining the carrying amount of such receivables.:

Managing Director and CEO

4

General Chemical International Inc., United States of America

2

Mr. Zarir Langrana, Executive Director

5

NHO Canada Holdings Inc., United States of America

Promoter

6

Tata Chemicals (Soda Ash) Partners (TCSAP), United States of America **

1

Tata Sons Private Limited, India

7

Tata Chemicals (Soda Ash) Partners Holdings(TCSAPH), United States

of America **

List of subsidiaries and joint ventures of Tata Sons Private Limited @@

8

TCSAP LLC,United States of America

1

TATA AIG General Insurance Company Limited

9

Homefield Pvt UK Limited, United Kingdom

2

Tata Autocomp Systems Limited

10 TCE Group Limited

3

Tata International Limited

11 Tata Chemicals Africa Holdings Limited, United Kingdom

4

Tata Consultancy Services Limited

12 Natrium Holdings Limited

5

TATA AIA Life Insurance Company Limited

13 Tata Chemicals Europe Limited, United Kingdom

6

Tata Consulting Engineers Limited

14 Winnington CHP Limited,United Kingdom

7

Infiniti Retail Limited

15 Brunner Mond Group Limited, United Kingdom

8

Tata Medical and Diagnostics Limited

16 Tata Chemicals Magadi Limited, United Kingdom

9

Tata Teleservices Limited

17 Northwich Resource Management Limited, United Kingdom

10 Ecofirst Services Limited

18 Gusiute Holdings (UK) Limited, United Kingdom

11 Tata Realty and Infrastructure Limited

19 TCNA (UK) Limited, United Kingdom

12 Tata Investment Corporation Limited

20 British Salt Limited, United Kingdom

13 Ewart Investments Limited

21 Cheshire Salt Holdings Limited, United Kingdom

14 Simto Investment Company Limited

22 Cheshire Salt Limited, United Kingdom

15 Tata Autocomp Hendrickson Suspensions Private Limited

23 Brinefield Storage Limited, United Kingdom

16 Tata SmartFoodz Limited

24 Cheshire Cavity Storage 2 Limited, United Kingdom

17 Tata SIA Airlines Limited

25 Cheshire Compressor Limited, United Kingdom

18 Tata Communications Limited

26 Irish Feeds Limited,United Kingdom

19 Tata Communications Collaboration Services Private Limited

27 New Cheshire Salt Works Limited, United Kingdom

20 Tata Teleservices (Maharashtra) Limited

28 Tata Chemicals (South Africa) Proprietary Limited, South Africa

21 Tata Digital Ltd.

29 Magadi Railway Company Limited, Kenya

22 Tata International Singapore PTE Ltd

30 Alcad, United States of America **

23 Tata Elxsi Limited

Joint Ventures

24 Carbon Disclosure Project India

Direct

25 AirAsia India Limited

1

Indo Maroc Phosphore S.A., Morocco

@@The above list includes the Companies with whom the Company has

entered into the transactions during the course of the year.

**a general partnership formed under the laws of the State of Delaware

(USA).

2

Tata Industries Limited

Indirect

1

The Block Salt Company Limited, United Kingdom

(Holding by British Salt Limited)

2

JOil (S) Pte. Ltd and its subsidiaries

(Holding by Tata Chemicals International Pte. Limited):

Managing Director and Whole-time Director.

4.

Disclosures that related party transactions were made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm’s length transactions are made only if such terms can be substantiated.

5.

*value below ` 50,000

The figures in light print are for previous year:

Managing Director and CEO

Nandakumar S. Tirumalai

(ICAI M. No.: 203896)

Chief Financial Officer

Rajiv Chandan

(ICSI M. No.: FCS 4312)

General Counsel & Company Secretary

As per our report of even date attached

For B S R & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm's Registration No: 101248W/W - 100022

Vijay Mathur

Partner

Membership No. 046476

Mumbai, May 3, 2021

45.2 Contingent assets

` in crore

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

(i)

Income Tax

(pending before Appellate authorities in respect of which the Company is in appeal)

78.94

78.40

46. Approval of Standalone Financial Statements

The Standalone Financial Statements were approved for issue by the Board of Directors on May 3, 2021.

Signatures to notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements 1 - 46:

Managing Director and CEO

Nandakumar S. Tirumalai

(ICAI M. No.: 203896)

Chief Financial Officer

Rajiv Chandan

(ICSI M. No.: FCS 4312)

General Counsel & Company Secretary

As per our report of even date attached

For B S R & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm's Registration No: 101248W/W - 100022

Vijay Mathur

Partner

Membership No. 046476

Mumbai, May 3, 2021:

Managing Director and CEO

Nandakumar S. Tirumalai

(ICAI M. No.: 203896)

Chief Financial Officer

Rajiv Chandan

(ICSI M. No.: FCS 4312)

General Counsel & Company Secretary

As per our report of even date attached

For B S R & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm's Registration No: 101248W/W - 100022

Vijay Mathur

Partner

Membership No. 046476

Mumbai, May 3, 2021

Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss for the year ended March 31, 2021

` in crore

Note

Year ended

March 31, 2021

Year ended

March 31, 2020

I.

Incomes

a)

Revenue from operations

27

10,199.80

10,356.75

b)

Other income

28

234.42

311.12

Total income (a+b)

10,434.22

10,667.87

II.

Expenses

a)

Cost of materials consumed

2,081.16

1,844.23

b)

Purchases of stock-in-trade

322.85

252.44

c)

Changes in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress and stock-in-trade

29

(7.09)

(128.27)

d)

Employee benefits expense

30

1,399.74

1,375.37

e)

Finance costs

31

367.37

341.91

f)

Depreciation and amortisation expense

32

759.32

666.47

g)

Other expenses

33

4,902.50

5,063.81

Total expenses (a to g)

9,825.85

9,415.96

III.

Profit before share of profit of joint ventures and tax (I-II)

608.37

1,251.91

IV.

Share of profit/(loss) of joint ventures (net of tax)

9(a)

25.62

(3.85)

V.

Profit before tax (III+IV)

633.99

1,248.06

VI.

Tax expense

(a)

Current tax

35

225.79

266.33

(b)

Deferred tax

35

(28.02)

(46.68)

Total tax expense (a+b)

197.77

219.65

VII.

Profit for the year from continuing operations (V-VI)

436.22

1,028.41

VIII.

Exceptional gain from discontinued operations (net)

36

-

6,128.08

IX.

Share of profit of joint ventures (net of tax)

9(a), 36

-

31.34

X.

Tax expense of discontinued operations

36

-

(40.32)

XI.

Profit for the year from discontinued operations (VIII+IX-X)

-

6,199.74

XII.

Profit for the year (VII+XI)

436.22

7,228.15

XIII.

Other comprehensive income (net of tax) ('OCI') - gain/(loss)

A

(i)

Items that will not be reclassified to the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss

-

Changes in fair value of investments in equities carried at fair value through OCI

1,188.93

(579.88)

-

Remeasurement of defined employee benefit plans (note 40)

175.12

(68.58)

(ii)

Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to the Consolidated Statement of Profit

and Loss

215.82

(95.79)

(iii)

Share of other comprehensive income in joint ventures (net of tax)

167.29

(76.39)

B

(i)

Items that will be reclassified to the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss

-

Effective portion of gain/(loss) on cash flow hedges

291.06

(230.77)

-

Changes in foreign currency translation reserve

(178.47)

439.14

(ii)

Income tax relating to items that will be reclassified to the Consolidated Statement of Profit and

Loss

8.63

(4.20)

(iii)

Share of other comprehensive income in joint ventures (net of tax)

(3.12)

10.19

Total other comprehensive income - gain/(loss) (net of tax) (A (i-ii+iii) +B (i-ii+iii))

1,416.36

(406.30)

XIV.

Total comprehensive income for the year (XII+XIII)

1,852.58

6,821.85

XV.

Profit for the year from continuing operations (VII)

Attributable to:

(i)

Equity shareholders of the Company

256.37

806.59

(ii)

Non-controlling interests

179.85

221.82

436.22

1,028.41

XVI.

Profit for the year from discontinued operations (XI)

Attributable to:

(i)

Equity shareholders of the Company

-

6,199.74

(ii)

Non-controlling interests

-

-

-

6,199.74

XVII.

Profit for the year (XII)

Attributable to:

(i)

Equity shareholders of the Company

256.37

7,006.33

(ii)

Non-controlling interests

179.85

221.82

436.22

7,228.15

XVIII.

Other comprehensive income (net of tax) (XIII)

Attributable to:

(i)

Equity shareholders of the Company

1,415.66

(456.88)

(ii)

Non-controlling interests

0.70

50.58

1,416.36

(406.30)

XIX.

Total comprehensive income for the year (XIV)

Attributable to:

(i)

Equity shareholders of the Company

1,672.03

6,549.45

(ii)

Non-controlling interests

180.55

272.40

1,852.58

6,821.85

XX.

Earnings per share for continuing operations (in `)

-

Basic and Diluted

37

10.06

31.66

XXI.

Earnings per share for discontinued operations (in `)

-

Basic and Diluted

37

-

243.36

XXII.

Earnings per share for continuing and discontinued operations (in `)

-

Basic and Diluted

37

10.06

275.02

Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

1-49:

Managing Director and CEO

Nandakumar S. Tirumalai

(ICAI M. No.: 203896)

Chief Financial Officer

Rajiv Chandan

(ICSI M. No.: FCS 4312)

General Counsel & Company Secretary

As per our report of even date attached

For B S R & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm's Registration No: 101248W/W - 100022

Vijay Mathur

Partner

Membership No. 046476

Mumbai, May 3, 2021:

Managing Director and CEO

Nandakumar S. Tirumalai

(ICAI M. No.: 203896)

Chief Financial Officer

Rajiv Chandan

(ICSI M. No.: FCS 4312)

General Counsel & Company Secretary

As per our report of even date attached

For B S R & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm's Registration No: 101248W/W - 100022

Vijay Mathur

Partner

Membership No. 046476

Mumbai, May 3, 2021:

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer (who is the Group’s chief

operating decision maker) in deciding how to

allocate resources and in assessing performance.

The accounting policies adopted for segment

reporting are in conformity with the accounting

policies of the Group. Segment revenue, segment

expenses, segment assets and segment liabilities

have been identified to segments on the basis

of their relationship to the operating activities of

the segment. Inter segment revenue is accounted

on the basis of transactions which are primarily

determined based on market / fair value factors.

Revenue, expenses, assets and liabilities which

relate to the Group as a whole and are not allocable

to segments on a reasonable basis have been

included under ‘unallocated revenue / expenses /

assets / liabilities’.

2.26 Income tax

Tax expense for the year comprises current and

deferred tax. The tax currently payable is based

on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs

from net profit as reported in the Statement

of Profit and Loss because it excludes items of

income or expense that are taxable or deductible

in other years and it further excludes items that are

never taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability:

Director's fees and commission

11.08

11.12

(p)

Others

550.34

573.61

4,902.50

5,063.81

34. The Indian Parliament has approved the Code on Social Security, 2020 which would impact the contributions by the Company

towards Provident Fund and Gratuity. The Ministry of Labour and Employment has released draft rules for the Code on Social Security,

2020 on November 13, 2020, and has invited suggestions from stakeholders which are under active consideration by the Ministry.

The Company and its Indian subsidiaries will assess the impact and its evaluation once the subject rules are notified and will give

appropriate impact in its Financial Statements in the period in which, the Code becomes effective and the related rules to determine

the financial impact are published.

35. Income tax expense relating to continuing operations

` in crore

Year ended

March 31, 2021

Year ended

March 31, 2020

(a) Tax expense

Current tax

In respect of the current year

225.79

266.33

225.79

266.33

Deferred tax

In respect of the current year (note 22)

(28.02)

(46.68)

(28.02)

(46.68)

Total tax expense

197.77

219.65:

Managing Director/

Executive Director or five years of continuous service as: Managing

letter of credit - as and

where considered necessary, setting appropriate payment terms and credit period, and by setting and monitoring internal limits on

exposure to individual customers.

As the revenue and trade receivables from any of the single customer do not exceed 10% of Group revenue, there is no substantial

concentration of credit risk.

For certain other receivables, where recoveries are expected beyond twelve months of the Balance Sheet Date, the time value of

money is appropriately considered in determining the carrying amount of such receivables.

Financial instruments and cash deposits

Credit risk from balances/investments with banks and financial institutions is managed in accordance with the Risk management

policy. Investments of surplus funds are made only with approved counterparties and within limits assigned to each counterparty.

The limits are assigned based on corpus of investable surplus and corpus of the investment avenue. The limits are set to minimise the

concentration of risks and therefore mitigate financial loss through counterparty’s potential failure to make payments.

Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they become due. The objective of liquidity

risk management is to maintain sufficient liquidity and ensure that funds are available for use as per requirements.:

Managing Director and CEO

Mr. Zarir Langrana, Executive Director

Promoter

Tata Sons Private Limited, India

Other Related Parties

@

TATA AIG General Insurance Company Limited

Tata Teleservices (Maharashtra) Limited

Tata Autocomp Systems Limited

Tata Digital Ltd.

Tata International Limited

Tata International Singapore PTE Ltd

Tata Consultancy Services Limited

Tata Elxsi Limited

TATA AIA Life Insurance Company Limited

Carbon Disclosure Project India

Tata Consulting Engineers Limited

Tata Medical and Diagnostics Limited

Infiniti Retail Limited

Simto Investment Company Limited

AirAsia India Limited

Tata Chemicals Ltd Provident Fund

Tata Teleservices Limited

Tata Chemicals Ltd Emp Pension Fund

Ecofirst Services Limited

Tata Chemicals Superannuation Fund

Tata Realty and Infrastructure Limited

Tata Chemicals Employees Gratuity Trust

Tata Investment Corporation Limited

TCL Employees Gratuity Fund

Ewart Investments Limited

Rallis India Limited Provident Fund

Tata Autocomp Hendrickson Suspensions Private Limited

Rallis India Limited Management Staff Gratuity Fund

Tata SmartFoodz Limited

Rallis India Limited Senior Assistants Super Annuation

Scheme

Tata SIA Airlines Limited

Rallis Executive Staff Super Annuation Fund

Tata Communications Limited

Rallis India Limited Non-Management Staff Gratuity Fund

Tata Communications Collaboration Services Private

Limited

@ The above list includes the Companies with whom Tata Chemicals Limited has entered into the transactions during the course of

the year.:

Managing Director and Whole-time Director.

3.

Disclosures that related party transactions were made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm’s length transactions are made

only if such terms can be substantiated.:

Managing Director and CEO

Nandakumar S. Tirumalai

(ICAI M. No.: 203896)

Chief Financial Officer

Rajiv Chandan

(ICSI M. No.: FCS 4312)

General Counsel & Company Secretary

As per our report of even date attached

For B S R & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm's Registration No: 101248W/W - 100022

Vijay Mathur

Partner

Membership No. 046476

Mumbai, May 3, 2021:

Managing Director and CEO

Nandakumar S. Tirumalai

(ICAI M. No.: 203896)

Chief Financial Officer

Rajiv Chandan

(ICSI M. No.: FCS 4312)

General Counsel & Company Secretary

Mumbai, May 3, 2021:

letter mentioning their name,

folio number, complete address and following

details relating to bank account in which the

dividend is to be received:

i)

Name and Branch of Bank and Bank Account

type;

ii)

Bank Account Number & Type allotted by

the Bank after implementation of Core

Banking Solutions;

iii)

11 digit IFSC Code.

b.

original copy of cancelled cheque bearing the

name of the Member or first holder, in case shares

are held jointly;

c.

self-attested photocopy of the PAN Card; and

d.

self-attested photocopy of any document (such

as Aadhaar Card, Driving Licence, Election Identity

Card, Passport) in support of the address of the

Member as registered with the Company.

Shares held in electronic form: Members may please

note that their bank details as furnished by the respective

Depositories to the Company will be considered for

remittance of dividend as per the applicable regulations

of the Depositories and the Company will not be able

to accede to any direct request from such Members

for change/addition/deletion in such bank details.

Accordingly, the Members holding shares in demat form

are requested to update their Electronic Bank Mandate

with their respective DPs.

Further, please note that instructions, if any, already

given by the Members in respect of shares held in

physical form, will not be automatically applicable to

the dividend paid on shares held in electronic form.

iv.

The Members who are unable to receive the

dividend directly in their bank accounts through

Electronic Clearing Service or any other means, due to

non-registration of the Electronic Bank Mandate,

the

Company

shall

despatch

the

dividend

warrant/Bankers’ cheque/demand draft to such

Members, at the earliest once the normalcy is restored

in view of the ongoing Covid-19 pandemic.

9.

Effective April 1, 2019, the Company had stopped accepting

any fresh transfer requests for securities held in physical

form. In view of this and to eliminate all risks associated with

physical shares, Members holding shares in physical form

are requested to dematerialise their holdings. Members

may contact TSR at csg-unit@tcplindia.co.in for assistance

in this regard. Members may also refer to Frequently

Asked Questions (‘FAQs’) on the Company’s website at

https://www.tatachemicals.com/FAQsonDemat.htm.

10.

The format of the Register of Members prescribed by the

MCA under the Act requires the Company/Registrar and

Transfer Agent to record additional details of Members,

including their PAN details, e-mail address, bank details for

payment of dividend, etc. A form for capturing additional

details is available on the Company’s website under the

section ‘Investor Resources’ at https://www.tatachemicals.

com/UpdationForm.htm and is also attached to this Annual:

letter should

be signed by the first named shareholder. Further,

those Members who have already registered their

e-mail addresses are requested to keep their e-mail

addresses validated/updated with their DPs/TSR to

enable servicing of Notices/documents/Annual Reports

and other communications electronically to their e-mail

address in future.

15.

Remote e-Voting before/during the AGM:

i.

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the Act

read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management

and Administration) Rules, 2014 (as amended)

and Regulation 44 of the SEBI Listing Regulations

(as amended) and the MCA Circulars, the Company is:

Managing Director of the leading global IT solution

and consulting firm. Under his leadership, TCS generated total

revenues of US$ 16.5 billion in 2015-16 and consolidated its

position as the largest private sector employer in India and the

country’s most valuable company. In addition to his professional

career at Tata, Mr. Chandrasekaran is a Director on the Board

of India’s central bank, the Reserve Bank of India, since 2016.

Mr. Chandrasekaran is on the International Advisory Council of

Singapore’s Economic Development Board. He is the Chairman

of Indian Institute of Management (Lucknow) as well as the

President of the Court at Indian Institute of Science, Bengaluru.

He is the member of Bocconi’s International Advisory Council and

the Co-Chair India-US CEO Forum. Mr. Chandrasekaran has been

awarded several honorary doctorates by leading Universities in

India and internationally, including an honorary Doctor of Letters

from Macquarie University, Australia, Doctor of Letters from

the Regional Engineering College, Trichy, Tamil Nadu, where he

completed a Masters degree in Computer Applications before

joining TCS in 1987. Mr. Chandrasekaran is also the author

of Bridgital Nation, a ground-breaking book on harnessing

technological disruptions to bring Indians closer to their dreams.

Mr. Chandrasekaran is eligible to be appointed as a Director in

terms of Section 164(2) of the Act. A declaration to this effect and

the consent to act as Director, subject to appointment by the

Members, has been received from Mr. Chandrasekaran. Further, he

has also confirmed that he is not debarred from holding the office

of a director pursuant to any SEBI Order or any such Authority.

The Board considers that the association of Mr. Chandrasekaran

would be of immense benefit to the Company and accordingly,

the Board commends the Ordinary Resolution set out in Item No. 6

of the accompanying Notice for approval of the Members.

Except Mr. Chandrasekaran and his relatives, none of the Directors

or Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) of the Company and their

respective relatives are concerned or interested, financially

or otherwise, in the resolution set out at Item No. 6 of the

accompanying Notice.

Item No. 7

The Company is directed under the provisions of Section 148 of

the Act read with the Companies (Cost Records and Audit) Rules,

2014, as amended, to have the audit of its cost records conducted

by a Cost Accountant. Further, in accordance with the provisions

of Section 148 of the Act read with the Companies (Audit and

Auditors) Rules, 2014, the remuneration payable to the Cost

Auditors has to be ratified by the Members of the Company.

The Board of Directors, on the recommendation of the Audit

Committee, has approved the appointment of D. C. Dave & Co.,

Cost Accountants (Firm Registration No. 000611), as the Cost

Auditors to conduct the audit of the cost records of the Company

for the financial year ending March 31, 2022 at a remuneration

of ` 7,50,000 plus applicable taxes, travel and out-of-pocket

expenses.

Accordingly, consent of the Members is sought by way of an

Ordinary Resolution as set out at Item No. 7 of the accompanying

Notice for ratification of the remuneration amounting to ` 7,50,000

plus applicable taxes, travel and out-of-pocket expenses payable

to the Cost Auditors for the financial year ending March 31, 2022.

The Board commends the Ordinary Resolution set out at

Item No. 7 of the accompanying Notice for the approval of the

Members.

None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) of

the Company and their respective relatives are concerned or

interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolution set out at Item

No. 7 of the accompanying Notice.

By Order of the Board of Directors

Rajiv Chandan

General Counsel & Company Secretary

FCS 4312

Mumbai, May 3, 2021

Registered Office:

Tata Chemicals Limited

Bombay House,

24 Homi Mody Street,

Fort, Mumbai - 400 001

CIN: L24239MH1939PLC002893

Tel. No: + 91 22 6665 8282

Email: investors@tatachemicals.com

Website: www.tatachemicals.com:

