letter and the spirit, and

keep abreast of updates to relevant regulations

and legislation affecting the territories in

which we operate.

Overview

Although increasing regulations and legislation have added to an

increased focus and spend on compliance in our group, the pro-

consumer regulatory environment has created opportunities for us.

Investment regulations aim to protect investors, their assets and

their income, leading to sustained financial well-being, an objective

that aligns with our purpose.

Default regulations in the Pension Funds Act have provided

opportunities in our consulting services since Regulation 37

around default investment portfolios, Regulation 38 around default

preservation and portability, and Regulation 39 around annuity

strategy took effect on 1 March 2019. The regulations require

funds to implement a default investment strategy, and default

preservation and portability options, and maintain an annuity

strategy. We have built a broader product suite to align to the

default regulations.

Our solutions include a with-profit annuity in partnership with

Momentum and JUST. Through the partnership we have managed

to contract annuities that meet the default regulatory requirements

and within these solutions we manage the underlying investments

within our Performer portfolio. We also made a number of

enhancements to our AFRIS solution to allow for broader access

by employers and use by independent financial advisers. Because

this product includes a retirement annuity fund for members, a

preservation fund for those who have left their employer, and a

living annuity for retirees, it offers one solution to meet individual

Some of the Covid-19 related legislation and regulatory instruments

introduced were linked to our group and the measures we had to

put in place to ensure compliance with the Disaster Management

Act requirements.

The Alexander Forbes second-line compliance team assists the

board and the executive in coordinating, implementing and

reporting on compliance policies, procedures and standards. They

also provide assurance for the group and subsidiaries on the status

of compliance and any gaps to be closed. Each of our platforms has

compliance personnel in place as a first line of defence. Their role is

to drive compliance awareness within the business line, to conduct

monitoring and reporting throughout the business, and to provide

practical recommendations and solutions.

Our performance

In response to changes in our regulatory environment we have

updated the benefit structures offered by our sponsored funds

and will update further annuity strategies where necessary. These

funds include our best thinking around default investments, our

in-fund and out-of-fund preservation options (where relevant) and

include comprehensive annuity strategies. We have also engaged

with clients to assist them in updating their annuity strategies. Our

flagship annuity solution, AFRIS, provides competitive portfolios and

pricing for annuity options.

While we remain committed to absorbing the costs of regulatory

compliance rather than passing them on to our clients, it has placed

upward pressure on our internal costs, which we aim to alleviate

through increased automation and efficiency in our operations.

Significant progress was made on our privacy programme

to respond to POPIA. Ongoing and significant progress was

made to ensure the group and our retirement funds have a full

understanding of the privacy act, and that we are compliant. The

group privacy policy was redrafted and approved by the board on

2 September 2020. Our boards, specialists, senior managers and

employees on the programme have received training on POPIA

and privacy principles. As some of our clients and members live

outside South Africa, we adhered to the requirements stipulated

in POPIA for the transmission of personal information across

international borders. We have also ensured that our companies or

subsidiaries who operate in other jurisdictions comply with the act,

unless they have more stringent requirements, in which case those

requirements will apply in addition to our internal policies. We have

remediated all applicable contracts and forms and continue to

provide training for our employees to ensure that they are up to

date on all regulatory requirements in dealing with clients.

Response to regulatory amendments

and legislation

While we respond quickly to meet changes in regulation,

Alexander Forbes also plays a proactive role in providing

commentary and feedback on proposed regulatory changes that

will affect our clients and members. We regularly review white

papers and draft regulations on behalf of the sector and maintain

a mutually beneficial and constructive relationship with our

regulators. During the year we contributed commentary on tax

changes, the second draft of COFI and Pension Funds Act changes,

and assisted with research and commentary at the Association for

Savings and Investment South Africa – one of the industry bodies of

which we are a member.

needs over their lifetime. In FY2021, employers’ funds using the

solution grew by 9% while membership growth within AFRIS saw a

56% increase.

Our services and member experience also align with the regulations.

Since this alignment, we have experienced an increase of 71% in our

fund or employers that have signed up for our enhanced retirement

benefit counselling (eRBC). We launched a variety of new delivery

methods for eRBC such as the My Money Matters contact centre,

My Money Matters Digital Toolbox, and webinars and other forms

of virtual delivery of content. The result of these efforts is that over

10 times more members were offered eRBC compared to FY2020.

Regulation 28, which sets investment limits for retirement fund

assets, has led to an increased focus on ESG being part of the

trustee responsibility. This is backed by an awareness that funds

are a key driver of transformation and economic growth in South

Africa. Proposed changes have been issued by National Treasury

with the aim of increasing investment in infrastructure. During our

engagements we indicated our support of this objective, and made

meaningful contributions to the debate and drafting process.

The long-awaited changes to provident funds, which will align

them with pension and retirement funds, arrived on 1 March 2021,

also known as T-Day. Members of provident funds will now have

to purchase an annuity with two thirds of their retirement savings

when they retire. These annuitisation requirements will only apply

to savings made after 1 March 2021. Retiring members from a

provident fund can still take savings made before this date as

a cash lump sum. The annuitisation requirements do not apply

to members of a provident fund who were 55 years or older on

1 March 2021. The legislative change required a significant effort

on the part of our group, regulators and clients.

Our goal, in line with the regulations, is to address certain member

behaviours that result in poor decision-making and sub-optimal

member outcomes. As such we welcome these changes, as they

simplify the environment for consumers and will improve post-

retirement outcomes for retiring members. The new regulations

require direct engagement with members as part of the retirement

benefit counselling (RBC) requirements. Aside from the regulations,

we also identified the need to implement systems to engage with

members directly, at key moments in their life journey, and not only

upon retirement and exit. We provided background on this in the

FY2020 Integrated annual report. Changes will take time to show

results, and we will discuss the impact in future reports.

Our regulatory environment also included a second draft of the

Conduct of Financial Institutions (COFI) Bill that was released at the

end of 2020, as well as financial crime controls and a significant

volume of Covid-19 related regulation and communication from

all regulators. These new pieces of legislation affect the way we

operate and our response is to always do the right thing.

COFI, which essentially legislates the Treating Customers Fairly

principles, will be a single overarching market conduct legislation

for all financial institutions. The bill, which will require financial

service-related acts to be amended or repealed, will be implemented

incrementally. Treating Customers Fairly is an integral part of our

operating environment and it has been embedded in our thinking

for some time. The changes will improve the lives of consumers and

align to our strategy of a lifetime of financial well-being.

Looking forward

For FY2022 and beyond, we will remain pre-emptive in responding to expected

regulatory changes and will continue with training and education initiatives

to ensure swift and effective responses. We are also taking a more proactive

approach, actively seeking to help guide policy debates so that they serve the

best interests of our clients.

We continue to refine our solutions to meet clients’ needs and regulatory

requirements, and to maintain and improve their competitive position.

In FY 2022, we intend to refine our default investment strategies for

retirement, among other things.

We will also complete our activities to be fully compliant with POPIA, and

prepare for any worst-case scenarios in the event that we experience a

breach or incident that affects the rights of individuals – including expedited

notification procedures and ability to communicate with the relevant

regulatory authorities. We will also focus on evolving our culture and business

practices to further protect personal information. Privacy requires ongoing

attention, and we strive to improve our data processing, handling and security

practices by continuously embedding and reviewing controls going forward.

Integrated annual report for the year ended 31 March 2021

63

Alexander Forbes Group Holdings Limited

62

OUR BUSINESS MODEL

AND VALUE CREATION

OUR

STRATEGY

OUR

PERFORMANCE

ABOUT OUR

REPORT

LEADERSHIP

MESSAGES

INTRODUCTION

TO OUR GROUP:

