Managing Director of the Currimjee Group of

Companies where he has had executive experience for 36 years.

The Group is one of the largest diversified commercial business

Groups in Mauritius with broad investments in India and a focus

on a wide range of activities including Telecommunications, Real

Estate, Hospitality, Energy and Financial Services. He holds non-

executive directorships in Building and Civil Engineering Co. Ltd

and Sanlam Africa Core Real Estate Fund. He was President of

the Mauritius Chamber of Commerce and Industry in 2003.

Between 2004 to 2016, Anil was the Honorary Consul General

of Japan in Mauritius. He was appointed to the Board of ARC

Investments on 11 March 2019.

Clive has global experience working for Actis Capital in London

and PricewaterhouseCoopers in London and the US. His core

experiences are in Private Equity and Corporate Finance. He has

also gained extensive management experience in the various

leadership roles that he has performed.

He serves as a Non-executive Director of Untu Holdings Limited,

a Botswana domiciled investment holding Company. He also

currently serves as the Chief Executive of Untu Capital Limited and

built it to becoming the leading SMME financier in Zimbabwe.

He is a Chartered Accountant by training and won the national

prize for the best qualifying student in his final qualifying

exams. He is a CFA charter holder and holds a Master of

Business Administration from the University of Oxford, which

he attended as a Beit Scholar.

Renosi has held several leadership positions in the public sector

and academia. She was the Deputy Governor of the South

African Reserve Bank from August 2005 to July 2010 and

Executive Director of the World Bank from 2010 to 2012. She

has also served as the Executive Dean of the Graduate School

of Business Leadership, UNISA, and as a senior policy analyst at

the Development Bank of Southern Africa. She is currently the

Executive Chairperson of Concentric Alliance.

She holds non-executive directorships at Bidvest Bank Limited,

GEPF and Vukile Property Fund amongst others. Her committee

membership includes Remuneration, Governance, Audit and

Social and Ethics.

Mark Olivier (53)

Independent Non-executive Chairperson

British | CA(SA)

Appointment date: 10 August 2017

Anil Currimjee (59)

Independent Non-executive Director

Mauritian | BA, MBA

Appointment date: 11 March 2019

Clive Msipha (39)

Independent Non-executive Director

Zimbabwean | CFA, CA(Z), MBA

Appointment date: 11 August 2017

Dr Renosi Mokate (63)

Independent Non-executive Director

South African | BA, MA, PhD

Appointment date: 23 November 2017

ND

A&RC*

N&RC

BOARD MEMBERS

STEWARDSHIP:

letter from the Audit and Risk

Committee of the General Partner on the execution of its duties as

the General Partner under the Partnership Agreement and including

those arising from the Audit and Risk Committee Charter of the

General Partner as well as other reporting matters requested by the

Audit and Risk Committee of the Company.

External Auditors

• Determined the terms of engagement and fees to be paid to

PricewaterhouseCoopers (for the statutory Mauritius reporting)

and PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc. (for JSE reporting); ensured that

the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers complied with the

legislation relating to the appointment of auditors;

• Considered the tenure of PricewaterhouseCoopers and the

engagement partner and deemed it appropriate;

• Understood and assessed the procedures performed by

PricewaterhouseCoopers as detailed in their Audit Planning report

to the A&RC and further confirmed in their Final Report to the

A&RC;

• Reviewed the external auditors’ report on the year-end audit and

the key audit matters;

• Monitored the effectiveness of the external auditors in terms of

their audit quality, expertise and independence, as well as the

content and execution of the audit plan;

• Reviewed the findings and recommendations of the external auditors

and confirmed that there were no unresolved matters;

• Confirmed that no reportable irregularities were identified and

reported by the external auditors in terms of the Auditing Profession

Act, 26 of 2005 of South Africa;

• All decision letters and explanations issued by the Independent

Regulatory Board for Auditors or any other regulator, and any

summaries relating to monitoring procedures or deficiencies (if

applicable) issued by the audit firm to confirm the suitability for

appointment of the audit firm and the designated individual

partner, Mr Vincent Tshikhovhokhovho; and:

Managing Director of Copper

Moon Trading. He previously held a number of

positions with Coca-Cola. He was a Fullbright

Scholar and a member of the Harvard LLM

Association.

Johan is the co-CEO of African Rainbow Capital

as well as the CEO of Ubuntu- Botho Investments.

He previously served as group CEO of Sanlam for

12 years.

Tom previously served as the CEO of Nedbank and

has a long history working in financial services as

well as retail.

Michael previously served as the Financial Director

of African Rainbow Minerals (ARM). He is currently

also a Non-executive Board member of ARM.

STEWARDSHIP

BOARD MEMBERS

A&RC

ED

ND#

ND

ND

ND

ED

ND

ND

ED

IAC*

A&RC*

A&RC

ND

ND

ND

ND

ED

N&HR

A&RC#

N&HR

N&HR#

A&RC*

A&RC

IC

IC#

IC*

IC

IC#

A&RC#

A&RC*

A&RC

IC

IC#

IC*

IC

IC#

A&RC#

Dr Patrice Motsepe (59)

Non-executive Chairperson

BA (Legal), LLB, D. Com (Honoris Causa),

Doctorate of Management and Commerce

Patrice is the founder and Chairperson of UBI, ARC and African Rainbow Energy and Power (AREP). He is

also Executive Chairperson of African Rainbow Minerals, Chairperson of Harmony and Deputy Chairperson

of Sanlam. His past business responsibilities include being the Founding President of Business Unity South

Africa (BUSA), and Chairperson of the BRICS Council for 2013. He plays an active role in the international

business arena where he is a member of the International Business Council of the World Economic Forum,

which is made up of 100 of the most highly respected and influential chief executives from all industries.

ND*

NC*

NC*

IC*

IC

UBI GP CO BOARD

ARC BOARD

UBUNTU-BOTHO

INVESTMENTS BOARD:

letter of representation, or they must provide the CSDP or

broker with their voting instructions in terms of the relevant custody

agreement/ mandate entered between them and the CSDP or broker.

In the interest of efficiency, shareholders are kindly requested to submit

completed forms of proxy at the office of the transfer secretaries of

the Company, whose details appear below, by or before Thursday,

11 November 2021 at 13:00 South African time, 15:00 Mauritian

time. Any forms of proxy not lodged by this time must be handed to

the transfer secretaries or chairman of the Annual General Meeting

immediately prior to the proxy exercising a shareholder’s right at the

Annual General Meeting.

Please note that a proxy may delegate his/her authority to act on a

shareholder’s behalf to another person, subject to the restrictions set

out in the attached form of proxy as stipulated in section 58(3) (b) of

the Mauritius Companies Act 2001.

Unless revoked before then, a signed proxy form shall remain valid at

any adjournment or postponement of the Annual General Meeting

and the proxy so appointed shall be entitled to vote, as indicated on

the proxy form, on any resolution (including any resolution which is

amended).

CSDPs, brokers or their nominees, as the case may be, recorded in

the Company’s sub-register as holders of dematerialised shares held

on behalf of an investor/beneficial owner in terms of Strate, when

authorised in terms of their mandate or instructed to do so by the owner

on behalf of whom they hold dematerialised shares in the Company,

may vote by either appointing a duly authorised representative to

attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting or by completing the

attached form of proxy in accordance with the instructions thereon and

returning it to the Company’s transfer secretaries, provided that, should

a CSDP, broker or their nominee return such form of proxy to the

Company’s transfer secretaries less than 48 hours before the Annual

General Meeting, they will also be required to furnish a copy of such

form of proxy to the Chairman of the Annual General Meeting or his

nominee before the appointed proxy exercises any shareholder rights at

the Annual General Meeting (or any postponement or adjournment of

the Annual General Meeting).

ELECTRONIC PARTICIPATION

Shareholders wishing to participate electronically at the Annual

General Meeting are required to deliver written notice to the Company

Secretary Toorisha Nakey: arci@intercontinentaltrust.com, with a copy

to the transfer secretaries of the Company (proxy@computershare.

co.za), or at the applicable addresses as set out in this notice, by no

later than Friday, 5 November 2021 at 15h00 (UCT/GMT+ 4 hours)

or 13h00 (SA time), stating that they wish to participate via electronic

communication at the Annual General Meeting (the electronic notice).

Any reference to shareholder in this paragraph includes a reference to

that shareholder’s proxy.

Note that shareholders will merely be able to participate and vote, via

electronic communication on the day. In order for the electronic notice

to be valid it must contain:

•

if the shareholder is an individual, a certified copy of his/ her identity

document and/or passport;

•

if the shareholder is not an individual, a certified copy of a resolution

by the relevant entity and a certified copy of the identity documents

and/or passports of the persons who passed the relevant resolution

and the relevant resolution must set out who from the relevant

entity is authorised to represent the relevant entity at the Annual

General Meeting via electronic communication;

•

a valid e-mail address and telephone number of the participant.

By Thursday, 11 November, the Company shall use its reasonable

endeavours to communicate with each shareholder who has delivered

a valid electronic participation notice, by notifying such shareholder

at its contact address and/or number of the relevant details through

which the shareholder can participate via electronic communication.

Where the Company is required to provide for electronic participation

at the Annual General Meeting, the costs of accessing any means of

electronic participation provided by the Company will be borne by the

shareholder so accessing the electronic participation.

By order of the Board

Toorisha Nakey

For and on behalf of Intercontinental Trust Limited Company Secretary

Ebene, Mauritius

19 October 2021

NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL

MEETING:

