managing director of Sanlam Investment

Management and CEO of Sanlam Private Equity.

Cora was appointed to the boards of Capitec and Capitec

Bank on 25 September 2020.

Non-executive directors

Michiel Scholtz du Pré le Roux (71) (Michiel)

BCom LLB, DCom (hc)

Michiel was chairman of Capitec and Capitec Bank

from 2007 until 31 May 2016 when he stepped down.

He continues to serve on the board as a non-executive

director. He was the bank’s CEO until 2004.

Michiel was appointed to Capitec’s board on 1 March 2001

and to Capitec Bank’s board on 6 April 2000.

Petrus Johannes Mouton (44) (Piet)

BCom (Mathematics)

Piet is the CEO of PSG Group. He serves as a director on

the boards of various PSG Group companies, including

Curro Holdings, PSG Konsult and Zeder Investments.

He has been active in the investment and ﬁ nancial services

industry since 1999.

Piet was appointed to the boards of Capitec and Capitec

Bank on 5 October 2007.

Chris Adriaan Otto (71) (Chris)

BCom LLB

Chris was an executive director of PSG Group and has

served as a non-executive director since February 2009.

He is also a director of Distell Group, Kaap Agri and Zeder

Investments.

Chris was appointed to the boards of Capitec and Capitec

Bank on 6 April 2000.

Independent non-executive directors

Susan Louise Botha (56) (Santie)

BEcon (Hons)

Chairman of the boards and the DAC

Santie was appointed as the chairman of the boards

of Capitec and Capitec Bank effective 1 June 2019.

She served as an executive director of MTN Group

(2003 to 2010) and Absa Bank (1996 to 2003).:

managing director of the Co-operative Banks Development

Agency since 2011. Previously, he worked at the NT as

chief director: international ﬁ nance (2010 to 2011), chief

director: ﬁ nancial sector development (2006 to 2010) and

director: banking development (2002 to 2006).

Nkosana started his career as a lecturer at the University

of Johannesburg (1998 to 2001). He later moved to the

University of KwaZulu-Natal as a lecturer (2001 to 2002)

before joining NT.

Nkosana was appointed to the boards of Capitec and

Capitec Bank on 1 June 2016.

Company secretary

Yolande Mariana Mouton (54) (Yolande)

BSc (Hons), MSc

Yolande joined the Capitec group in 2000 and served

as assistant company secretary from 2001 until

November 2015, when she was appointed as company

secretary of the Capitec group.

Group executive committee

In addition to the CEO, CFO and executive: risk

management, the group EXCO comprises the

following members:

Rizwana Butler (46)

BSocSc (Hons)

Executive: human resources

Rizwana joined Capitec Bank on 1 March 2021. She has

over 20 years’ experience at global FMCG giant Unilever

across both generalist and specialist ﬁ elds. During her

time at Unilever, Rizwana served in a number of local

South African roles, regional roles across Africa, the Middle

East and Turkey and more recently internationally leading

talent, culture and organisation transformation. Her most

recent appointments at Unilever have been as head

of HR: Nordics and head of HR: East Europe across

20 countries. Rizwana started her career in 1997 as an

HR management trainee at Tavistock Collieries, a coal mine

subsidiary of JCI Limited.

Willem de Bruyn (50) (Wim)

BSc (Hons) (Computer Science)

Executive: business development and technology

Wim joined Capitec Bank on 1 November 2014. He

was chief information ofﬁ cer at Standard Bank until

2014, responsible for personal and business banking

in South Africa and across 18 African countries. He

has been extensively involved in retail banking strategy,

has international experience in IT management and

has implemented large-scale projects during his career.

He started his career with Standard Bank as a software

developer in 1992.

Karl Rainer Kumbier (49) (Karl)

BCompt, PGDA, CA(SA), CFA

Executive: Business bank

Karl joined Capitec Bank in 2020 as the executive of the

Business bank, following the acquisition of Mercantile

Bank (Mercantile) where he was the CEO. Before joining

Mercantile in 2010, he worked for the Standard Bank group

for nine years in various positions, including provincial

director: Western Cape and chief operating ofﬁ cer of

Stanbic Bank Ghana Limited.:

letter from the REMCO chairman, reporting on

factors that influenced the remuneration policy and

forward-looking approaches

• Part 2 contains the forward-looking

remuneration policy

• Part 3 illustrates the implementation of the

remuneration policy over the past financial year.

Part 1:

Background

statement: Letter from the

REMCO chairman

The 2021 ﬁ nancial year was a

challenging year for all of our

stakeholders: for you as our

shareholders, for our executives who

worked relentlessly as a result of the

impact of the COVID-19 pandemic,

for the board who had to continue

to navigate the company despite

the economic challenges faced and

for all of our employees and the

communities in which we operate. In

light of this, we are proud of how our

internal stakeholders have risen to

these challenges and I am therefore

especially pleased to present to you

our remuneration report for the 2021

ﬁ nancial year (FY2021) on behalf of

the REMCO.

Operating environment

and ﬁ nancial performance

When the REMCO met in

February 2020, the world was a

group ﬁ nancial performance was

negatively impacted in the ﬁ rst half

of the year, strong leadership and

nimble delivery turned this around

signiﬁ cantly in the second half of the

year, exceeding market expectations

as highlighted in the review by the

letter, terms, audit plan and budgeted

fees for the 2021 ﬁ nancial year

• Approved the nature and extent of non-audit services

that the external auditors may provide

• Nominated for election at the annual general

meeting (AGM), PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc. and

Deloitte & Touche as the external audit ﬁ rms

• Satisﬁ ed itself, based on the information and

explanations supplied by management and obtained

through discussions with the independent external

auditors and internal auditors, that the system of internal

ﬁ nancial controls of all the companies included in the

consolidated annual ﬁ nancial statements, is effective

and forms a basis for the preparation of reliable

ﬁ nancial statements

• Reviewed the accounting policies and the consolidated

annual ﬁ nancial statements for the year ended

28 February 2021 and, based on the information

provided to the committee, considers that the group

complies, in all material respects, with the requirements

of the Companies Act, Code of Corporate Practices and

Conduct and IFRS

• Undertook the prescribed functions in terms of section

94(7) of the Companies Act on behalf of the subsidiary

companies of the group

• Approved the key audit matters report

• Satisﬁ ed itself as to the performance and quality

of external audit after due consideration and with

reference to the audit quality indicators.

The committee performed the following duties assigned by

the board during the period under review:

• Considered the information as disclosed in the

integrated annual report and satisﬁ ed itself that the

information is reliable and consistent with the ﬁ nancial

results. The committee, at its meeting held on

9 April 2021, recommended the integrated annual

report for approval by the board of directors

• Satisﬁ ed itself that the group’s internal audit function

is independent and had the necessary resources and

authority to enable it to discharge its duties

• Approved the internal audit charter and the annual

audit plan

• Considered internal audit reports tabled on a quarterly

basis and noted the annual conclusion on the adequacy

and effectiveness of the system of internal controls, risk

management and governance

• Satisﬁ ed itself that appropriate ﬁ nancial reporting

procedures exist and are working, as contemplated in

paragraph 3.84(g)(ii) of the JSE Listings Requirements,

which includes consideration of all the entities in the

consolidated annual ﬁ nancial statements

• Met with the external auditors and with the heads of the

internal audit function and compliance function without

management being present

• Satisﬁ ed itself in terms of JSE Listings Requirement

3.84(g)(i) that the group ﬁ nancial director has

appropriate expertise and experience.

Jean Pierre Verster

Chairman of the audit committee

13 April 2021:

