Managing Director’s Report

GOVERNANCE REPORTS

12 Corporate Governance

35 Board Report on the Effectiveness of Internal Controls

36 Internal Financial Controls sign-off by the Managing

Director and Financial Director

37 Group Audit Committee Report on the Effectiveness of

Internal Financial Controls

38 Group Remuneration Report

54 Group Social and Ethics Report

58 Group Audit Committee Report

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

62 Statement of Group Embedded Value

69 Approval of the Annual Financial Statements

69 Certificate by the Company Secretary

70 Report of the Directors

79 Statement of Actuarial Values of Assets and Liabilities of Clientèle Life

83 Independent Auditors’ Report to the Shareholders of Clientèle Limited

89 Risk Management

116 Accounting Policies

131 Statements of Financial Position

132 Statements of Comprehensive Income

133 Statements of Changes in Equity

134 Statements of Cash Flows

135 Segment Information

139 Notes to the Annual Financial Statements

171 Notice of Annual General Meeting

178 Definitions and Interpretations

183 Form of Proxy

IBC Corporate Information

Contents:

Managing Director of

Clientèle Life, was appointed to the main Board of Clientèle

together with Tshepisho Tabane, the Group Human

Resources Director, I congratulate them and wish them

luck, I am confident that they will add significant value to the

Group into the future. At the same time Brenda du Toit, who

has been on the Clientèle Board for many years, resigned

from the main Board to focus her attentions on Clientèle

Life. She has made a tremendous contribution over the

time she has been on the main Board and I thank her and

wish her well.

During the year, Bonge Mkhondo, one of our Non-executive

Directors on the Boards of Clientèle, Clientèle Life and

Clientèle General, resigned to pursue her career on a full

time basis. Our thanks to her for a very valuable contribution

during her tenure and we wish her well in her career. Pheladi

Gwangwa, another of our Non-executive Directors on the

Clientèle and Clientèle Life Boards replaced Bonge on the

Board of Clientèle General.

I once again thank all the members of the Board both

Executive and Non-executive for their commitment and

value add. The Non-executive Directors have been

enormously supportive during this period and have shown

both empathy and dedication.

I thank again every single member of the Clientèle family for

their effort, passion and endurance this year.

Thank you all.

Mr. GQ Routledge

20 September 2021

On another front, DebiCheck has strained the banking

system in South Africa. The banking environment has not

been stable, resulting in a number of incidents which have

required long hours and much effort and frustration to

resolve and have caused financial losses to Clientèle

resulting from banking errors. Clientèle continues to place

great focus on this area and has achieved significant

success despite the challenges of the banking system

stability.

Clientèle is pouring a considerable effort into a deeper

understanding of its clients and target market in a drive to

further improve the value proposition to our clients, to

improve their understanding of our products and to assist

them in the area of financial education. We understand that

many of them are under financial strain and are also anxious

and scared in the pandemic environment. We are trying to

do everything we can to safeguard their world with

compassion.

We strive to treat our clients and our employees well and

are speeding up the digitisation of our business, refining our

business model and focusing on efficiencies and cost

control even more than usual. Clientèle is in robust financial

health with strong positive cash flows and healthy solvency

and liquidity ratios.

The Clientèle executive team and their senior managers

have again showed great resourcefulness and commitment

and have worked very long hours to ensure the health of

Clientèle in these extraordinary times and I am extremely

proud of them.

NOTABLE EVENTS

Once again the notable events of the year were

overshadowed by events outside the control of Clientèle.

The COVID-19 pandemic continues to be the dark cloud

and the violence and looting in July 2021 has deeply

shaken South Africans in many ways.

Despite this, there were wins for Clientèle and I refer you to

the Report of the: Managing Director.

RESULTS

The results for the year ended 30 June 2021 were very

pleasing considering the circumstances. Although the

economy remained depressed and the pandemic continued

to create havoc the efforts put in by the executives and staff

of Clientèle paid off and I am proud of the results set out in

the Integrated Report.

FUTURE PROSPECTS

The Group remains strongly solvent, well capitalized and

with positive cash flows. We have a talented and dynamic

management team who are very committed to Clientèle

and its clients which promises well for the future.

We believe that there remains strong demand for our

products and services and we are focused on our goal of

being the financial services partner of choice for our target

market into the future.

Managing Director’s Report continued

8

Clientèle Limited Integrated Annual Report 2021:

Managing Director’s Report continued

Governance and King IV

The Board continuously revises and strengthens its

corporate governance framework designed to drive a

culture of accountability. This is done by raising transparency

in governance, allowing for greater oversight and monitoring

at management and Board level, improving organisational

resilience, bolstering combined assurance and improving

the Group’s defences against unethical conduct.

The Group’s governance framework plays a strategic role in

maintaining reputation and credibility amongst our

leadership, attracting and holding on to top talent and

remaining agile in a fast-changing corporate environment.

Our framework is holistic and consists of interrelated

governance elements. A stakeholder inclusive approach is

embraced in our values, ethics, clear lines of communication

and improved risk and opportunity management.

This framework is strongly driven by the principles contained

in, amongst others, King IV, GOI, the Companies Act and

related legislation.

During the 2021 financial year the Group has, in all material

respects, voluntarily applied King IV principles and complied

with the mandatory corporate governance provisions

contained in the JSE Listings Requirements. A narrative of

how the Group has applied the King IV principles and

complied with the JSE Listings Requirements is set out in

the Corporate Governance section of this Integrated Annual

Report.

RISK MANAGEMENT

The Board continues to acknowledge and monitor its

responsibilities with regard to the management of risk in

terms of King IV. The Group Risk Committee is an

established Board Committee with a Terms of Reference

approved by the Board.

The strategy for managing risk is aligned with the principles

of the Insurance Act and related prudential standards.

Business objectives, based on a three-year time horizon,

are set by the various entities and divisions within the

Group. Action plans to achieve these business objectives

are then identified so as to support the longer term strategy.

Risk events that could threaten the achievement of the

business objectives are identified and rated against an

impact and probability scale, which differs between entities

and divisions given their individual materiality level.

Potential risk events are managed so as to minimise any

negative impact on the Group. All risk events are measured

against a pre-defined overall risk appetite. The current

Group risk appetite comprises three metrics, namely,

financial soundness (prudential minimum plus a buffer), free

cash flow and REVE. Specific key risks are also measured

individually against pre-defined risk tolerance levels.

The risk management process contributes towards the

early identification and on-going management of systemic

and organisational exposure, in parallel with all Board and

Non-Board Committees, which all contribute to a combined

assurance model.

RESPONSE TO COVID-19

COVID-19 continues to have a significant impact on all

businesses. Despite the challenges, Clientèle has paid all

valid claims, remained solvent, and produced a strong set

of financial results. The COVID-19 Committee ensures

compliance with all COVID-19 regulations and focuses on

the Health and Safety of all our employees. In particular,

Clientèle made the following changes as a consequence of

COVID-19:

• We were the first Insurer to remove waiting periods for

COVID-19 claims on all our funeral policies, and have

kept the benefit in place for new business during the

financial year;

• We launched an education program on vaccinations,

and arranged for onsite vaccinations for our staff;

• We enhanced our Rewards program to include items

such as online education and free trauma and counselling

support with a particular emphasis on COVID-19;

• We instituted shift working during level 4 lockdown in

order to ensure that as many staff as possible were able

to earn salaries and incentives, while remaining safe;

and,

• We continued to focus on paying every valid claim.

At the time of writing, around 311 Clientèle employees have

tested positive for COVID-19 (since April 2020). Sadly, two

Clientèle employees passed away as a consequence of

COVID-19 since our previous annual report. At the time of

writing this report, we only had a couple of reported active

cases amongst employees.

B-BBEE

Our talent attraction, development and retention strategies

are focused on attaining a diversified workforce, which is

representative of South Africa’s economically active

population. We are accessing South African youth through

various social partners such as the Harambee Youth

Accelerator programme which enables us to match

employment opportunities with available skills. Our

relationship with the Insurance SETA enables us to progress

the development of relevant skills through learnerships and

internships for our employees as well as unemployed youth

in South Africa.

Investment in small and medium enterprises through our

IFA network remains one of our proudest contributions to

sustainable socio-economic activity in South Africa. The

Development of the IFA App and the digitisation of the IFA

business model has empowered our IFA network partners

to successfully navigate the challenges posed by COVID-19.

This year, we have added Consumer Education to our

Socio-economic offering by providing Financial Education

programmes which seek to improve the Financial Literacy

of South Africans which is especially important during these

tough times.

OUR BUSINESS

GOVERNANCE REPORT

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

9

Clientèle Limited Integrated Annual Report 2021:

Managing Director’s Report continued

In addition, Clientèle is continuously looking to improve its

B-BBEE contribution status and remains committed to

increasing the B-BBEE shareholding in Clientèle over time.

The majority of our B-BBEE shares are held directly and

indirectly by YTI, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Hollard

Foundation Trust, a B-BBEE Trust. YTI’s total shareholding,

including the indirect holdings amounts to approximately

11.34%.

Clientèle has continued to provide financial assistance

resulting in a net exposure via guarantees of R200 million

for the purchase of approximately 9.0% of Clientèle’s issued

ordinary shares by YTI.

A new preference share funding arrangement was entered

into by YTI and the guarantee covenant was formally

renegotiated with Depfin to include an EV per share

covenant in addition to the Market Value per share

covenant. This makes the likelihood of breach lower and

more predictable. As part of this funding arrangement, the

Clientèle Group acquired preference shares in YTI to the

value of R50 million.

CORPORATE SOCIAL INVESTMENTS

Clientèle focuses on Corporate Social Investment projects

that have the ability to uplift the communities in which we

operate and which will have a lasting effect.

For the 2021 year, our CSI initiatives focused on the

following pillars:

1. Education

Since 2009, the Clientèle bursary scheme has supported

the children of our staff and IFA’s with bursaries to enable

them to complete tertiary studies. To date, this bursary

scheme has sponsored over 60 graduates covering a

wide range of disciplines. The bursaries cover all costs

relating to the beneficiaries’ studies including tuition,

books, meals and accommodation. In this current year,

there are 19 bursary students who are in the process of

obtaining their qualifications.

The challenges and disruptions of the national lockdown

has resulted in the majority of the bursary students using

online facilities across the various provinces in South

Africa. The provision of resources such as laptops,

specific technical support and access to the internet

assisted all of our bursary students who had registered

for the 2020 academic year to perform well. The

mentorship engagements between some of Clientèle’s

senior management and the students focused on the

overall well-being (including mental and emotional

wellness) of the bursary students.

Our “After Death and Funeral Guide” which was

launched in 2020 to educate South Africans has been

successfully accessed across the various platforms. In

2021, the focus has been on translating this important

consumer information guide into a number of additional

languages to enhance its accessibility.

2. Community Support and Donations

At Clientèle we recognise that our connection with the

communities that we operate in is more relevant now

than it has ever been. With the socio-economic impact

of COVID-19 on South African communities, our

consolidated

donations

have

supported

the

advancement of child and vulnerable youth care during

the pandemic. Beneficiaries included:

• Sithabile Child and Youth Centre in Benoni; and,

• Ditau Primary School in Soweto.

3. Employee Giving and Volunteering

Although the impact of COVID-19 is being felt by

everyone, Clientèle employees rallied to give to those

affected the hardest through the annual Employee

Giving campaign. The employees sacrificed their time

and donated funds to the following worthy causes:

• School shoes donation to primary learners in

Johannesburg;

• Food parcels during the festive season to the

HOMAC (Home of Mother & Child Care Centre) in

Edenvale, Ekurhuleni; and,

• Donation of 1 600 sanitary packs to young school

girls at Sunrise Secondary school in Diepsloot as

part of the ‘Wellness with Education’ drive of the CSI

department.

The spirit of giving and caring for our communities

continues to live on at Clientèle.

BUSINESS SEGMENTS

Long-term Insurance

Clientèle Life’s Long-term insurance segment remains the

major contributor to the Group’s performance and as a

consequence of considerable COVID-19 claims, recorded a

4% decrease in net profit for the year to R282.7 million

(2020: R294.5 million). Clientèle Life’s VNB for the year was

R126.9 million and it recorded REVE of R401.5 million and

a RRoEV of 9.4%.

Short-term Insurance

Clientèle Legal’s net profit for the year of R90.1 million

(2020: R53.2 million) increased by 69% on last year. The

increase in profit was assisted by a R25.6 million increase

in investment returns to R26.3 million (2020: R0.7 million)

and an increase in net premium income of R33.5 million to

R498.6 million (2020: R465.1 million) due to healthy

production and positive withdrawal experience during the

year. Clientèle Legal’s VNB was R87.3 million and it

recorded REVE of R273.8 million and a RRoEV of 22.6%.

CBC Rewards and Clientèle Mobile

CBC Rewards and Clientèle Mobile is a new segment within

the Group and reported a net profit for the year of

R0.1 million and VNB of R1.5 million.

10

Clientèle Limited Integrated Annual Report 2021:

Managing Director’s Report continued

DIVIDENDS

The Board has declared a dividend per ordinary share of

110 cents, an increase of 15.8% over last year’s dividend

per ordinary share of 95 cents.

OUTLOOK

Clientèle is, more than ever, aware of the demand for its

products and the need to continue to Treat its Clients Well.

I am proud of the management team that continue to

successfully navigate the business through the ongoing

COVID-19 lockdown challenges and the recent disruptions

due to rioting and looting around the country, Clientèle

remains well positioned to service new and existing clients

into the future.

Our recent initiatives, which include Clientèle Rewards, the

Clientèle App and Clientèle Mobile coupled with the roll-out

of DebiCheck are aimed at improving persistency, the

quality of new business written and adding value to our

clients. Clientèle will continue to focus on increasing

production levels across all of its distribution channels,

many of which have been successfully re-engineered for

the new and ever changing operating environment.

Tight control will continue to be kept on expenses and

every effort will be made to maintain and improve business

efficiencies.

Clientèle remains committed to providing products and

services that are relevant and meet our clients’ needs and

will continue to improve on the delivery of them to the

market conveniently and efficiently.

I am extremely pleased with the results for the year,

particularly given the context of the difficult economic and

operating environment and I am comfortable that the

ongoing challenges continue to be handled well. Despite

the pressure on clients’ disposable income which has been

compounded by COVID-19 and the lockdown, I remain

encouraged by the prospects for growth and value creation

over time. Nonetheless, as mentioned in the December

2020 results, the Board and I still anticipate uncertainty and

a poor economic climate in the short to medium term.

APPRECIATION AND BOARD

COMPOSITION

COVID-19 has impacted all of our lives in a profound way.

As an insurance company we are in the business of paying

claims and as I look back on the past year, I am saddened

when I think of the individual stories behind each and every

claim that we have paid this year. Equally, I am proud of our

team who have been looking for reasons to pay all valid

claims and have found the capacity (in difficult times) to pay

45% more in client claims than in any prior year in our

history.

We were sad to see Bonge Mkhondo resign from the

Clientèle Board during the year and we wish her all the very

best in her future endeavors. Mthunzi Mbali, who was one

of the executives responsible for the IFA business, retired

on 30 June 2021 and we wish him all the best in the future.

Iain Hume (our long standing Group Financial Director) also

indicated an intention to step down into semi-retirement

and move to Cape Town. He plans to do this with effect

from 31 December 2022. After considering our succession

planning, we appointed Michael Cownie to the role of

Clientèle Life Financial Director with effect from

30 August 2021 (a role which Mr. Hume held in addition to

his Group Financial Director role). The Nominations

Committee are already planning for Mr. Hume’s retirement

and who will replace him as Group Financial Director.

Hugo Louw (the: Managing Director of Clientèle Life) was

appointed to the Clientèle Board in February as was

Tshepisho Tabane (our Group HR Director). I wish them

every success in their extended roles within the Group.

Brenda du Toit has been a member of the Clientèle Board

for over a decade and stood down in order to focus her

attention on areas within Clientèle Life. I thank her for her

commitment and dedication over many years and look

forward to her adding significant value to Clientèle Life into

the future.

There have been a number of challenges at the end of the

previous financial year and the beginning of the new

financial year which have impacted Clientèle. These include

the third wave of COVID-19, civil unrest across much of the

Country, which disrupted our sales force and a number of

banking incidents (referred to elsewhere in this report).

Nonetheless, I am excited about the opportunities that the

new financial year brings and look forward to us continuing

to rebuild Clientèle following the devastating impacts of

COVID-19.

I would also like to thank the

Managing Director is formalised and his performance evaluated

against specified criteria. The Board has established

Committees to which certain responsibilities and authorities are

delegated.

11

The Board should govern risk in a way

that supports the organisation in

setting and achieving strategic

objectives.

The Board understands and takes accountability for all risks that

potentially affect the achievement of its strategic objectives and

has delegated the responsibility for overseeing the adequacy

and effectiveness of the risk management process to the Group

Audit and Group Risk Committees.

The Group Audit and Group Risk Committees delegate to

management the responsibility to continuously identify, assess,

mitigate and manage risks within the existing operating

environment. Mitigating controls are in place to address these

risks, which are monitored on a continuous basis.

Three Independent Non-executive Directors are members of

both the Group Audit and Group Risk Committees, thus

ensuring that there is co-ordination in respect of the evaluation

and reporting of risks.

12

The Board should govern technology

and information in a way that supports

the organisation in setting and

achieving its strategic objectives.

Excom has an established Group IT Steering Committee to

assist in its IT Governance responsibilities. The IT governance

framework and IT Policy framework supports effective and

efficient management and decision-making around the utilisation

of IT resources to facilitate the achievement of the Group’s

objectives and the management of IT-related risk. The Group IT

Steering Committee has a Terms of Reference, policies,

decision-making structures, an accountability framework, IT

reporting and an IT risk and controls framework, to guide their

activities.:

letter is sent to every insurance policyholder who takes up a policy;

• Rewards and Mobile clients will receive a welcome SMS and/or e-mail containing a link to their relevant

terms and conditions;

• A well-established and well-trained call centre deals with client queries;

• Clients are also able to access important information and update certain details via the self-service

portal and the Clientèle App;

• SMS, e-mail and in-App communication is widely used to keep clients up to date on their particular

interactions with the Group;

• Walk-in centres assist clients who prefer face-to-face contact in dealing with their queries; and,

• Agency kiosks are located in various shopping centres across South Africa where a prospective client

can take out a policy or contract.

The Group subscribes to the principles of TCF to ensure that:

• Clients can be confident that they are dealing with a Group where the fair treatment of clients is central

to the corporate culture;

• Products marketed and sold are designed to meet the needs of identified consumer groups and are

targeted accordingly;

• Products are easy to understand. The wording of policies and contracts are continuously reviewed to

ensure the wording is simple, clear and easy to follow;

• There is a focus on client-centricity to ensure that clients get the after-sales service that they expect;

• The Group always deals with clients with compassion; and,

• There is a continuous focus on the claims process and complaints management to ensure that clients

receive empathetic professional and timely claims service.

The TCW initiative, which goes beyond TCF, combined with the Group’s values, are integral in achieving

the Clientèle purpose of “Safeguarding your world... with compassion.”

Also refer to the Group Social and Ethics Report on pages 54 to 57.:

Managing Director on an annual basis.

The Board is mandated to discharge its duties by ensuring that they have fulfilled their responsibilities as set out above.

2.6 Independence of the Board

By adhering to a number of key principles, the Board’s independence from Excom is ensured:

• The Board has twelve Directors (including one Alternate Director), eight of whom are Non-executive of which

five are Independent Non-executive Directors. Included in the twelve Directors is Mr. GK Chadwick, the

Alternate Director to Dr. ADT Enthoven.

• The Board has considered the independence of the Non-executive Directors and has held discussions with

them and is of the opinion that they are Independent in their actions, judgment and conduct: They have also

been found Independent in fact and in perception by the Board;

• Clientèle has an Independent Non-executive Chairman;

• The roles of Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director and Company Secretary, the Board meeting schedule

and agenda to take full account of the important issues facing the Group and the concerns of all Directors, and

ensures that adequate time is available for thorough discussion of critical and strategic issues;

• Ensures that the Board is properly briefed on issues arising at Board meetings and receives, in a timely manner,

adequate information which must be accurate, clear, complete and reliable, to fulfil its duties, such as reports

on the Group’s performance, the issues, challenges and opportunities facing the Group, and matters reserved

for it to make decisions on;

• Ensures that there is effective communication with shareholders and other stakeholders, and that each Director

develops and maintains an understanding of the stakeholders’ views; and,

• Establishes good corporate governance practices and procedures and promotes the highest standards of

integrity and corporate governance throughout the Group and particularly at Board level.

Mr. Routledge was appointed as a member of the Group Audit Committee on 1 December 2018 and is also a

member of the Group Risk, Group Investment, Group Remuneration and Group Nominations Committees. The

Board is of the opinion that Mr Routledge’s contribution to the Group Audit Committee is invaluable to the Group.

Mr. Routledge was appointed as Chairman of the Board of Clientèle on 31 January 2008. Mr. Routledge’s notice

period is six months.

Mr. Routledge is allowed to hold outside professional positions and commitments and discloses these positions

to the Group Nominations Committee on an annual basis and whenever there have been significant changes in

outside appointments and commitments.

The Board is of the opinion that there is no need for a Lead Independent Director due to the size of the Company

and the Group, as well as the size and structure of the Board Committees.:

Managing Director

Mr. Basil William Reekie is the: Managing Director of Clientèle. Mr. Reekie’s notice period is six months.

Mr. Reekie is a Fellow of the Actuarial Society of South Africa and has no other professional commitments.

A succession plan is in place for the position of Managing Director.

2.10 Executive Directors

There were no payments made relating to sign-on or termination of employment to any Executive Directors.

2.11 Group Company Secretary

Mrs. W van Zyl was appointed as Group Company Secretary on 1 July 2006 and is a qualified Chartered

Accountant. The Group Company Secretary provides support and guidance to the Board on matters relating to

governance across the Group. She assists the Board as a whole, and Directors individually, with detailed guidance

as to how their responsibilities should be properly discharged in the best interests of the Group. She facilitates,

where necessary, induction and training for Directors and assists the Managing Director in determining the annual

meeting timetable.

The Board, on a biennial basis, assesses the competence, qualifications and experience of the Group Company

Secretary, as required in terms of the Listings Requirements and has agreed that she is sufficiently qualified,

competent and experienced to hold her position as Group Company Secretary. This assessment is done through

a questionnaire completed by every Board member.

The Group Company Secretary fulfils no Excom function and is not a Director. Therefore, the Board is satisfied that

the Group Company Secretary maintains an arm’s length relationship with the Executive team, the Board and

individual Directors in terms of the Listings Requirements.

The Group Company Secretary is also the secretary to the majority of the Board Committees.

2.12 Directors’ Interests

The shareholding of Directors appear on page 53 in the Group Remuneration Report.

2.13 Share Dealing by Directors and Senior Personnel

Clientèle has implemented a code relating to share dealing by Directors and all personnel who, by virtue of the key

positions they hold, have comprehensive knowledge of the Group’s affairs. The code imposes closed periods to

prohibit dealing in Clientèle securities before the announcement of mid-year and year-end financial results or in any

other period considered price sensitive, in compliance with the requirements of the Financial Markets Act, 2012,

and the Listings Requirements in respect of dealings by Directors. The Group Company Secretary undertakes the

administration required to ensure compliance with this code under the direction of the

Managing Director attends all

meetings by invitation

• Refer to pages 73 to 74 for members’

qualifications and experience

• The composition and responsibilities of this

Committee are aligned to the Prudential Standard

GOI 2 – Governance of Insurers

Assessment:

• Every second year

• Satisfactory rating in September 2020

Conclusion:

Satisfied that the Committee has fulfilled its

responsibilities in accordance with the Terms of

Reference for the reporting period.

2021 KEY FOCUS AREAS

• The Group Remuneration Committee assists the Board in ensuring that:

–

The Group remunerates Directors and Executives fairly and responsibly;

–

The levels of increases given to staff and management are appropriately reviewed; and,

–

The disclosure of remuneration is accurate, complete and transparent.

• Overseeing the remuneration policy and ensuring that it promotes the achievement of strategic

objectives and Group targets;

• Reviewing the outcomes of implementation of the remuneration policy in terms of achievement of

set objectives;

• Benchmarking Executive remuneration;

• Ensuring the mix of fixed and variable pay meets the Group’s strategic objectives and needs. Changes

implemented to fixed and variable pay was a particular focus area in the prior year;

• Satisfying itself as to the accuracy of performance measures that govern vesting and payment of

incentives and bonuses;

• Ensuring that all benefits are justified and correctly valued;

• Considering and evaluating the performance of the Group: Managing

Managing Director and senior management are

developed and implemented;

• Recommending to the Board the continuation (or not) in service of any Director who has reached the age

of 75;

• Considering, annually, the eligibility for re-election of those Directors who retire by rotation and

recommend or advise otherwise such retiring Directors’ re-appointments by shareholders at the AGM

taking into account the results of their performance evaluation;

• Considering, annually, as part of the Board evaluation process, the independence of the Non-executive

Directors. A separate annual review is required for Independent Directors serving for longer than nine

years, to ensure:

–

the member exercises objective judgment; and,

–

there is no interest, position, association or relationship which, when judged from the perspective of a

reasonable and informed third party, is likely to influence unduly or cause bias in decision-making.

• Overseeing the formal induction programme for new Directors including the development and

implementation of continuing professional development programmes for Directors and mentorship of

Directors where required;

• Ensuring that Directors receive regular briefings on changes in risks, laws and the environment in which

the company operates;

• Co-ordinating the annual performance evaluation of the Board and Committees, independence

assessment of Directors, peer reviews, and assessment of the qualifications and competence of the

Group Company Secretary;

• Ensuring the implementation of action plans emanating from the annual evaluations where required;

• Considering and recommending to the Board, for approval, policies relating to the Committee’s mandate

as set out in the Terms of Reference;

• Recording, and approval of, any delegation to an individual member or members (including nature and

extent of delegation, decision-making authority, duration of delegation and delegate’s reporting

responsibilities);

• Agreeing with the: Managing

Managing Director and the Group Financial Director on

attesting to an adequate internal financial control environment in compliance with the JSE Listings Requirements' section

3.84(k). Even effective systems of internal, financial and operating controls, no matter how well designed, have inherent

limitations, including the possibility of circumventing or overriding such controls. Such systems can therefore not be

expected to provide absolute assurance. Effective systems of internal, financial and operating controls, therefore, aim to

provide reasonable assurance as to the reliability of financial information and, in particular, of the Annual Financial

Statements.

Moreover, changes in the business and operating environment could have an impact on the effectiveness of such

controls which, accordingly, are reviewed and reassessed regularly.

The Group maintains internal, financial and operating controls that are designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding:

• The safeguarding of assets against unauthorised use or dispossession;

• Compliance with applicable laws and regulations;

• The maintenance of proper accounting records and the integrity and reliability of financial information; and,

• Detection and minimisation of fraud, potential liability, loss and material misstatements.

GIA assists in providing the Board and Excom with monitoring mechanisms for identifying risks and assessing controls

appropriate to managing such risks.

The Board has not been made aware of any issue that would constitute a material breakdown in the functioning of these

controls up to the date of this report. The Board Report on the Effectiveness of Internal Controls is set out on page 35.

7.

COMPLIANCE

The primary role of the Group Compliance function is to minimise regulatory risk by assisting management to comply with

statutory, regulatory and supervisory requirements. The Compliance function facilitates the monitoring of and the

management of compliance through the analysis of statutory and regulatory requirements and the implementation of the

required systems, processes and procedures.:

Managing Director and Financial Director

The Directors, whose names are stated below, hereby confirm that:

1.

The Group Annual Financial Statements, set out on pages 89 to 170, fairly present in all material respects the financial

position, financial performance and cash flows of the issuer in terms of IFRS;

2.

No facts have been omitted or untrue statements made that would make the Group Annual Financial Statements false or

misleading;

3.

Internal financial controls have been put in place to ensure that material information relating to the issuer and its consolidated

subsidiaries have been provided to effectively prepare the Group Annual Financial Statements of the issuer; and,

4.

The internal financial controls are adequate and effective and can be relied upon in compiling the Group Annual Financial

Statements, having fulfilled our role and function within the combined assurance model pursuant to principle 15 of the King

Code. Where we are not satisfied, we have disclosed to the Group Audit Committee and the Auditors the deficiencies in

design and operational effectiveness of the internal financial controls and any fraud that involves Directors, and have taken

the necessary remedial action.

Mr. BW Reekie

Mr. IB Hume

Group: Managing

Managing Director and can change the payment upwards or downwards for

individuals or all participants at its discretion.

Performance

measures

The award for all participants is determined on the basis of Clientèle’s

performance as well as individual performance assessments measured against

key measurement factors determined at the beginning of the year. Key

measurement factors considered for Group Excom include the following:

• Group profits;

• Managing Withdrawals;

• Production and Quality of New Business;

• Developing new distribution channels;

• Lead creation;

• Focus on Authenticated Collections;

• Building brand and other marketing activities;

• Innovation;

• Smooth functioning of relevant business areas;

• Improving culture and level of client service;

• Staff Management and Treating Employees Well;

• Staff development and stability;

• Succession planning;

• Expense management;

• Strategic input and Executive contribution;

• Fintech, automation, digital strategy;

• System stability;

• IT Governance;

• Hardware development and planning;

• Attainment of appropriate B-BBEE certification;

• TCW;

• Maintaining appropriate service levels and standards;

• Transformation;

• Compliance;

• Living the values; and,

• Key staff retention.

The key measurement factors are different in weight depending on the role of

the participant and do not all apply to each and every participant. The key

measurement factors also contribute to the final awards for the EV incentive.:

Managing Director and subject to Group Remuneration

Committee approval.

Operation

The EV incentive element incentivises participants over the medium-term for

performance over and above that for which they are remunerated and

incentivised for under Clientèle’s standard remuneration and short-term bonus

policy.

The EV Scheme is based on growth in EV, as certified by Clientèle’s External

Actuaries and approved by the Group Remuneration Committee, and vests

and is payable over a four-year period. The EV Scheme is split into two pools.

Pool 1 is calculated as a percentage (5%) of adjusted REVE. Pool 2 is based

on out-performance of adjusted REVE over a defined hurdle rate at a

participation level of 5.6%. Each participant’s share in the pool is set at an

initial level at the beginning of the year and then adjusted up or down based

on individual performance during the year. The Group Remuneration

Committee is entitled to allocate 100% of the pool to the participants;

however, this has not been done to date with such lesser amount allocated

based on circumstances. Each participant’s share in the pool is determined

annually, it is then paid out in four equal annual payments with the first annual

payment being at the time of the amount of the pool being determined. There

is a “clawback” on Pool 1 if the pre-determined assumptions are not met,

which is deducted from non-vested amounts earned but not yet paid.

Performance

measures

Each participant’s allocation within the pool is determined (on a provisional

basis) at the beginning of the year. The ultimate allocation will be similar to the

initial allocation; however, it may be adjusted upwards or downwards based

on the individual’s performance during the year. Performance is assessed both

on financial and non-financial elements.

Maximum value of

annual incentive

for 2021

There is no specific cap, however, the quantum of the bonus pool and the

amounts per individual are approved by the Group Remuneration Committee.

Changes for 2022

No changes this year and no changes currently expected in future years.:

Managing Director and the Chairman of the Board recommend the Non-executive Director fees to the Group

Remuneration Committee for approval subsequent to periodic input by external independent advisers regarding

benchmark studies based on the same competitive group used for Executive Directors’ remuneration.

The remuneration packages of the Non-executive Directors comprise a Directors fee. Non-executive Directors do

not qualify to participate in any Bonus or Incentive Scheme (including the BR Scheme).

The performance of Non-executive Directors is assessed by Group Excom. The Non-executive Director’s fees are

approved at the AGM.

7.

NON-BINDING ADVISORY VOTE

Shareholders are requested to cast a non-binding advisory vote on part 2 of this Remuneration Report.:

Managing Director –

BW Reekie1

1

7,488

3,482

5,700

–

–

16,670

Financial Director –

IB Hume1

1

4,742

2,158

3,618

–

–

10,518

Director – B du Toit1

1

2,808

1,123

1,867

5,798

Director – H Louw1

1

4,493

2,044

3,732

–

–

10,269

Director – RDT Tabane1

1

2,246

1,011

1,727

-

-

4,984

Balance of Group Excom

6

13,874

5,673

9,977

–

–

29,524

Balance of Excom5

19

24,836

5,786

8,311

–

–

38,933

Total

30

60,488

21,277

34,932

–

–

116,696

(R’000)

Base

salary2

Short-term

Incentive

EV

Scheme

Special

bonus

Goodwill

Scheme3

Total

Average for the Balance of Group Excom

2,312

945

1,663

–

–

4,921

Average for the Balance of Excom

1,307

305

437

–

–

2,049

PAID 2021

(R’000)

Category

Number of

individuals

paid during

the period

Base

salary2

Short-term

Incentive

EV

Scheme4

Special

bonus

Goodwill

Scheme3

Total: Managing

Managing Director –

BW Reekie1

1

7,200

2,332

–

–

–

9,532

Financial Director –

IB Hume1

1

4,560

1,413

–

–

–

5,973

Director – B du Toit1

1

2,700

831

–

–

–

3,531

Balance of Group Excom5

8

19,325

6,602

710

–

–

26,637

Balance of Excom6

14

20,635

3,996

386

–

–

25,018

Total

25

54,420

15,174

1,097

–

–

70,691

(R’000)

Base

salary2

Short-term

Incentive

EV

Scheme4

Special

bonus

Goodwill

Scheme3

Total

Average for the Balance of Group Excom

2,416

825

89

–

–

3,330

Average for the Balance of Excom

1,474

285

28

–

–

1,787

PAID 2020

(R’000)

Category

Number of

individuals

paid during

the period

Base

salary2

Short-term

Incentive

EV

Scheme4

Special

bonus

Goodwill

Scheme3

Total: Managing

Managing Director, Group Financial Director, Chief Risk Officer, CAE, External Auditors and other assurance

providers attend meetings by invitation only.

During the year six meetings were held.

Members

Number of meetings held

Number

attended

BA Stott (Chairperson)

6

6

RD Williams

6

GQ Routledge

6

LED Hlatshwayo

6

The experience and qualifications of the members of the Group Audit Committee are set out on pages 73 to 74.

The Chairman of the Group Audit Committee attended the AGMs held during this reporting period. The effectiveness of

the Group Audit Committee and its members is assessed on a biennial basis. The most recent assessment carried out

did not highlight any significant matters of concern.

3.

ROLE, RESPONSIBILITIES AND FULFILMENT THEREOF

3.1 Statutory Duties

The Group Audit Committee’s role and responsibilities include statutory duties in terms of the Companies Act,

Long-term Insurance Act, Short-term Insurance Act, Insurance Act, JSE Listing Requirements, Prudential

Standards and further responsibilities assigned to it by the Board.

The Group Audit Committee executed its duties in terms of the requirements of King IV.

External Auditor

The Group Audit Committee has satisfied itself that the External Auditor is independent of the Group, as set out in

section 94(8) of the Companies Act, which includes consideration of previous appointments of the External Auditor,

the extent of other work undertaken by the External Auditor for the Group and compliance with criteria relating to

independence or conflicts of interest as prescribed by IRBA. Requisite assurance was sought and provided by the

External Auditor that internal governance processes within the audit firm support and demonstrate its claim to

independence.

As required by paragraph 22.15(h) of the Listing Requirements, the Group Audit Committee has received from the

external audit firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc, the latest inspection reports and accompanying correspondence

on inspections performed by IRBA on PwC, and the individual designated auditor, Mr. Francois Johannes Kruger.

The Group Audit Committee has reviewed such reports and was satisfied that there were no findings which would

impair the quality of the audits.:

letter, and budgeted fees for the 2021 financial year

and actual audit fees for the 2020 financial year.

There is a formal procedure that governs the process whereby the External Auditor is considered for non-audit

services. The Group Audit Committee approved the terms of a master service agreement for the provision of

non-audit services by the External Auditor, and approved the nature and extent of non-audit services that the

External Auditor may provide in terms of the agreed pre-approval policy. The Group Audit Committee approved

the fees paid for non-audit services up to the date of this report.

The Group Audit Committee has nominated, for election at the next AGM, PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc. as the

External Audit firm and Mr. Francois Johannes Kruger as the designated External Auditor responsible for performing

the functions of External Auditor for the 2022 financial year. In terms of section 92 of the Companies Act, the

designated Auditor is required to rotate every five years. The Group Audit Committee has satisfied itself that the

External Audit firm and designated Auditor are accredited as such on the JSE list of Auditors and their advisors.

The External Auditor has confirmed that no reportable irregularities have been reported up to the date of this report.

Group Annual Financial Statements, Group Preliminary Results and Accounting Practices

The Group Audit Committee has reviewed the accounting policies, the condensed Group results for the six months

to 31 December 2020, the preliminary Group results for the year ended 30 June 2021 and the Group Annual

Financial Statements for the year ended 30 June 2021 and is satisfied that they are appropriate and comply with

IFRS. A formal written report to the Committee on estimates and judgments used in the preparation of the Group

Annual Financial Statements was reviewed and approved.

Certain deferred tax assets and liabilities were not off-set in the Annual Financial Statements as at 30 June 2020.

The Group Audit Committee has reviewed the restated amounts as at 30 June 2021.

The Group Audit Committee was satisfied that issues identified in the report on pro-active monitoring of Group

Annual Financial Statements, issued by the JSE during the year, were complied with where relevant.

The Group Audit Committee was satisfied that appropriate financial reporting procedures exist and are working,

including consideration of all entities included in the consolidated Group IFRS financial statements and had access

to the relevant financial information of the Group.

The dividend for the year was considered by the Group Audit Committee and recommended to the Board for

approval.

The Group Annual Financial Statements have been recommended to the Board for approval.

The Group Audit Committee did not receive any complaints from within or outside the Group relating to accounting

practices, GIA or the content or audit of the Group Annual Financial Statements, or to any related matter.

Internal Controls and Internal Financial Controls

The Group Audit Committee has overseen a process by which GIA was requested to provide a written assessment

of the effectiveness of the Group’s system of internal control and risk management, including internal financial

controls. This written assessment by GIA formed the basis for the Group Audit Committee’s recommendation in

this regard to the Board, in order for the Board to report thereon. The Group Audit Committee Report on the

Effectiveness of Internal Financial Controls is included on page 37. The Board Report on the Effectiveness of

Internal Controls is included on page 35.

The Group Audit Committee oversees the processes implemented for the sign-off on the internal financial controls

by the: Managing

letter and authorised the Group

Financial Director to sign the: letter.

The Group Audit Committee met with the External Auditors without management being present. The

Managing Director

20 September 2021

Approval of the Annual Financial Statements

Certificate by the Company Secretary

I, Wilna van Zyl, being the Company Secretary of Clientèle, certify that the Company has, for the year under review, lodged all

returns required of a Public Company with the Registrar of Companies, and that all such returns are, to the best of my

knowledge and belief, true, correct and up to date.

Mrs. W van Zyl

Company Secretary

20 September 2021:

Managing Director), BSc(Hons), FASSA

Mr. Basil Reekie is a qualified actuary who joined Clientèle on 1 January 2008 and was the: Managing Director of Clientèle

Life (the major subsidiary of Clientèle) from May 2008 until June 2020 and has been the Managing Director of Clientèle

since 1 July 2013. Prior to joining Clientèle, Mr. Basil Reekie was the Managing Executive of QED Actuaries and

Consultants where he was responsible for the day-to-day operations of QED and consulted to numerous life insurance

companies in South Africa and across the African continent. As a consultant, he acted in the capacity of Statutory

Actuary for many of these companies.

Adrian Domonic t’Hooft Enthoven, 52, (Non-executive Director), BA Hons in Politics, Philosophy and Economics,

PhD in Political Science.

Dr. Adrian Enthoven is Executive

Managing Director of QED

Actuaries and Consultants (providing actuarial services to life insurers, short-term insurers, retirement funds). Mr. Robert

Williams has over 25 years’ experience acting as the appointed Head of the Actuarial Function to various life insurance

companies in Southern Africa.

Bonge Mkhondo, 46, (Non-executive Director), BCom, Diploma in Marketing Management, MBA

Mrs. Bonge Mkhondo is an experienced marketing executive and strategy consultant with diverse experience. She has

worked in senior marketing executive positions and on marketing strategy consulting projects, predominantly within the

financial services sector, for various organisations including Clientèle, Hollard, LegalWise, Absa Capital and Real People

Group. Mrs. Mkhondo resigned as a Director on 31 March 2021.

Gavin Knighton Chadwick, 64, (Alternate Non-executive Director), Masters in Agricultural Management, MBA

Mr. Gavin Chadwick was appointed as a Non-executive Director of Clientèle with effect 2 October 2019. Mr. Chadwick

is an alternate Director to Dr. ADT Enthoven and is currently the Head of Investments of Yellowwoods Ventures

Investments SA (Pty) Ltd. Mr. Chadwick has over 3 decades experience in the financial services industry.

Dumisa Hlatshwayo, 54, (Independent Non-executive Director) CA(SA)

Mr. Dumisa Hlatshwayo was appointed as a Non-executive Director of Clientèle with effect 1 February 2020.

Mr. Hlatshwayo was previously the Chief Financial Officer of South African Forestry Company Limited and further has

extensive experience in the financial services industry.

Phethedi Gideon Nkadimeng, 49, (Non-executive Director), B Sc (Statistics and Economics)

Mr. Gideon Nkadimeng was appointed as a Non-executive Director of Clientèle with effect 1 March 2017. Mr. Nkadimeng

is currently the Investment Executive of Yellowwoods Ventures Investments SA (Pty) Ltd and has extensive experience in

the financial services industry.

Hugo Louw, 48, (Executive Director), BSc(Hons), FASSA

Mr. Louw joined Clientèle in 2013 as Head of Operations. Mr. Louw was appointed as a Director of Clientèle Life in

July 2016 and appointed as: Managing

Director's and key management

The following salaries were paid and bonuses

payable to key management excluding individuals

who acted as Clientèle Directors during the year.

Key management are part of Excom.

58,514

53,161

Salaries and other benefits

38,710

39,960

Short-term bonuses

11,459

10,598

EV Scheme

7,923

1,779

Goodwill Scheme

422

824

(R’000)

Group

Company

2021

2020

2021

2020

35. TAX

South African normal tax

185,862

126,528

1,168

(4,389)

– Current year tax

140,150

126,509

18

1,519

– Deferred tax

3,434

(14,462)

1,150

(5,908)

– Policyholder deferred tax on assessed loss

in the IPF (IAS 12)

42,278

14,481

South African capital gains tax

292

369

–

–

– Current year tax

292

369

Total tax expense

186,154

126,897

1 168

(4,389)

Taxation rate reconciliation

Profit before tax

578,410

455,413

324,347

402,051

Tax

(186,154)

(126,897)

(1,168)

4,389

%

%

%

%

Effective tax rate

32.18

27.86

0.36

(1,09)

Adjustments due to:

Over provision in respect of prior year

0.24

Capital gains tax

(0.16)

0.29

(0.15)

Policyholder deferred tax on assessed loss in the

IPF (IAS 12)

(26.10)

(16.85)

Exempt income

11.32

12.08

27.56

29,09

Deferred tax i.r.o assets disregarded in terms of

S29A (16)

(5.37)

4.38

B-BBEE expense (capital in nature)

16.12

0.52

Statutory tax rate

28.00

28.00

28.00

28.00

Policyholder taxation funds are separate tax entities which have differing tax rules as applied in the South African taxation

legislation for life insurance companies.

There are three separate policyholder funds applicable to Clientèle Life, defined as the untaxed, individual and risk funds.

The IPF has an estimated tax loss of R1.9 billion (2020: R2.2 billion). It is currently probable that future taxable profits in the

Clientèle Life Individual Policyholder fund will be available against which the assessed loss can be utilised.:

Letter of support: Clientèle has agreed to provide financial assistance to CBC Rewards and Clientèle Mobile for the

foreseeable future, until such time as both the companies’ assets fairly valued exceeds their liabilities.

Nedbank guarantee: Clientèle’s Board approved the granting of a guarantee on 13 February 2015 in favour of Nedbank

Limited of R100.0 million in respect of a Term Credit Facility for Clientèle Properties East.

Nedbank guarantee: Clientèle’s Board approved the granting of a guarantee on 19 May 2016 in favour of Nedbank

Limited of R14.0 million in respect of a Term Credit Facility for Clientèle Properties North.

Depfin guarantee: Clientèle has in prior years provided financial assistance resulting in a gross exposure of R374 million

(2020: R497.4 million) and a net exposure through guarantees of R200 million (2020: R200 million) for the purchase of

8.97% (2020: 7.23%) of Clientèle’s issued shares (“ordinary Shares”) by YTI.

A new preference share funding arrangement was entered into and the guarantee covenant was formally renegotiated

with Depfin to include an EV per share covenant in addition to the Market Value per share covenant.

42. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING DATE

Dividend

The Board declared a final gross dividend of 110.00 cents per share on 31 August 2021 for the year ended 30 June 2021.

The dividend is subject to DWT.

43. PRIOR YEAR RESTATEMENT

The restatement of the Deferred Tax balance is due to the fact that certain deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities

have previously been presented on a gross basis. Financial years 2020 and 2019 have been reclassified to reflect certain

deferred tax assets and liabilities on a net basis, where there is legal right of set off.

The restatement has no impact on profit before tax, income tax, on the SOCI or net assets.

(R’000)

Amounts

Previously

reported

Amounts

as restated

Difference

30 June 2020

Statement of Financial Position

Deferred tax asset

260,506

189,854

70,652

Deferred tax liability

(90,481)

(19,829)

(70,652)

30 June 2019

Statement of Financial Position

Deferred tax asset

270,193

184,561

85,632

Deferred tax liability

(112,906)

(27,274)

(85,632):

Managing Director of

Clientèle Life (the major subsidiary of Clientèle) from May

2008 until June 2020 and has been the: Managing

Managing Director of Clientèle

Life on 1 July 2020. Mr. Louw holds a BCom (Hons)

Actuarial, is a qualified Actuary and a Fellow of the Actuarial

Society of South Africa.

Mr. Louw was appointed to the Board of Clientèle on

1 March 2021.

Having taken into account the Directors’ performance,

attendance at Board and Committee meetings and having

reviewed the composition of the Board against corporate

governance requirements, the Board recommends the re-

election of this Director. It is the view of the Board that the

re-election of this candidate would enable the Company to

effectively maintain a diversity of academic qualifications,

technical expertise, industry knowledge and business skills

relevant to the Company and balance the requirements of

continuity and succession planning.

ORDINARY RESOLUTION 8 –

RE-APPOINTMENT OF THE EXTERNAL

AUDITORS

“RESOLVED that the External Auditors be re-appointed

as Independent Auditors for the financial year ending

30 June 2022 and their concomitant remuneration”.

To re-appoint the External auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers

Inc., (as nominated by Clientèle’s Group Audit Committee,

which has concluded that the re-appointment of

PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc. will comply with the

requirements of the Companies Act and the Listings

Requirements), as Independent Auditors for the financial

year ending 30 June 2022 and their concomitant

remuneration. The Designated Auditor for the year ending

30 June 2022 will be Mr. Francois Johannes Kruger, who

meets the requirements of section 90(2) of the Companies

Act. The Group Audit Committee has evaluated the

independence, experience and effectiveness of both

PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc. and Mr. Kruger and has

concluded that both the firm and the individual Designated

Auditor are independent of the Group in accordance with

section 94(8) of the Companies Act. In compliance with the

Listings Requirements (paragraph 3.94(h) (iii)) the Group

Audit Committee obtained and considered all information

listed in 22.15(h) of the Listings Requirements in its

assessment of the suitability of PricewaterhouseCoopers

and Mr. Kruger for re-appointment.

ORDINARY RESOLUTION 9 – ELECTION

TO THE GROUP AUDIT COMMITTEE

“RESOLVED that, subject to the passing of Ordinary

Resolution 4, Mr. Robert Williams, who is an Independent

Non-executive Director of Clientèle, be and is hereby re-

elected as a member of the Group Audit Committee effective

28 October 2021 until the conclusion of the next AGM.”

ORDINARY RESOLUTION 10 –

ELECTION TO THE GROUP AUDIT

COMMITTEE

“RESOLVED that, subject to the passing of Ordinary

Resolution 3, Mr. Barry Stott, who is an Independent Non-

executive Director of Clientèle, be and is hereby re-elected

as a member of the Group Audit Committee effective 28

October 2021 until the conclusion of the next AGM.”

ORDINARY RESOLUTION 11 –

ELECTION TO THE GROUP AUDIT

COMMITTEE

“RESOLVED that Mr. Gavin Routledge, who is an Independent

Non-executive Director of Clientèle and also the Chairman of

the Board of Clientèle, be and is hereby re-elected as a

member of the Group Audit Committee effective 28 October

2021 until the conclusion of the next AGM.”

ORDINARY RESOLUTION 12 –

ELECTION TO THE GROUP AUDIT

COMMITTEE

“RESOLVED that Mr. Dumisa Hlatshwayo, who is an

Independent Non-executive Director of Clientèle be and is

hereby re-elected as a member of the Group Audit

Committee effective 28 October 2021 until the conclusion

of the next AGM.”

Reason for and effect of Ordinary Resolutions

Numbers 9 to 12

In terms of the Companies Act, the Group Audit Committee

is a Committee elected by the shareholders and those

entitled to exercise votes at the meeting when the election

takes place at each AGM. In terms of the Companies

Regulations, 2011, for the purposes contemplated in

section 94 (5) of the Companies Act, at least one-third of

the members of a Company’s Audit Committee at any

particular time must have academic qualifications or

experience in economics, law, corporate governance,

finance, accounting, commerce, industry, public affairs or

human resource management.

As can be seen from the condensed curriculum vitae of the

proposed members (refer to pages 73 to 74 in the Report

of the Directors), the proposed members all have relevant

experience in audit, accounting and the insurance industry,

amongst others.:

Letter of Representation.

Beneficial owners who have dematerialised their shares through a CSDP or broker who do not wish to attend the AGM,

must provide the CSDP or broker by the time of the commencement of the AGM with their voting instructions in terms

of the relevant custody agreement entered into between them and the CSDP or broker.

2.

A holder entitled to attend and vote may insert the name of a proxy or the names of two alternative proxies of the holder’s

choice in the space provided, with or without deleting “the Chairman of the AGM”.

A proxy need not be a holder of the Company. The person whose name stands first on the form of proxy and who is

present at the meeting will be entitled to act as proxy to the exclusion of those whose names follow.

3.

A holder is entitled to one vote on a show of hands and, on a poll, one vote in respect of each ordinary share held in

terms of section 58 of the Companies Act. A holder’s instructions to the proxy must be indicated by inserting a cross in

the appropriate box(es). Failure to comply with this will be deemed to authorise the proxy to vote or to abstain from voting

at the general meeting as he deems fit in respect of all the holder’s votes.

A vote given in terms of an instrument of proxy shall be valid in relation to the general meeting notwithstanding the death

of the person granting it, or the revocation of the proxy, or the transfer of the ordinary shares in respect of which the vote

is given.

4.

If a holder does not indicate on this form that the holder’s or his/her proxy is to vote in favour or against any resolution

or to abstain from voting, or gives contradictory instructions, or should any further resolution(s) or any amendment(s)

which may be properly put before the general meeting be proposed, the proxy shall be entitled to vote as he/she thinks

fit.

5.

The Chairman of the general meeting may reject or accept any form of proxy which is completed and/or received other

than in compliance with these notes.

6.

The completion and lodging of this form of proxy will not preclude the relevant holder from attending the meeting and

speaking and voting in person thereat to the exclusion of any proxy appointed in terms hereof, should such holder wish

to do so.

7.

Documentary evidence establishing the authority of a person signing the proxy form in a representative capacity must

be attached to this form of proxy, unless previously recorded by the Company or unless this requirement is waived by

the Chairman of the AGM.

8.

A minor or any other person under legal incapacity must be assisted by his/her parent or guardian, as applicable, unless

the relevant documents establishing his/her capacity are produced or have been registered with the Company.

9.

Where there are joint holders of ordinary securities: Any one holder may sign the form of proxy;

The vote(s) of the most senior (for that purpose seniority will be determined by the order in which the names of

shareholders appear in the Company’s register of shareholders) who tenders a vote (whether in person or by proxy) will

be accepted to the exclusion of the vote(s) of the other joint holder(s).

10.

Forms of proxy should be lodged with or posted to the Company’s transfer secretaries, Computershare Investor Services

Proprietary Limited:

Hand deliveries:

Postal deliveries:

Rosebank Towers

Private Bag X9000

15 Biermann Ave

Saxonwold

Rosebank

2132

Johannesburg

2196:

