managing director and deputy

chair, and currently contracted

in an advisory capacity. He was

a founder of the transformation

of Growthpoint into South Africa’s

largest listed property REIT and

was a director until Investec sold its

interests in October 2007. Sam also

served on the board of the South

African Property Owners’ Association

(SAPOA). He retired as CEO of the

Fund on 31 March 2015, having held

this position since its listing on the

JSE in April 2011. He remains on

the Board as non-executive deputy

chair. Sam was a crucial driver in the

formation of the Investec Australia

Property Fund, which listed on the

JSE in October 2013.

Suliman Mahomed (72)

Independent non-executive

director

Suliman Mahomed has over

49 years’ experience in the

investment and development of

commercial property. He is presently

chair and chief executive officer

of the Solly’s Group of companies,

including Solly’s Discount World,

Solly Noor Properties and

Computron.

Philip A Hourquebie (68)

Independent non-executive

director

BAcc, BCom(Hons), CA(SA)

Philip gained over 38 years of

experience at the global professional

services firm, EY (formerly Ernst &

Young). Between 2010 and 2014,

he served as the Regional Managing

Partner, Central and South Eastern

Europe for EY. Prior to that, Philip

was the Regional Managing Partner,

sub-Saharan Africa and CEO

South Africa. He currently serves

as non-executive chair of Aveng

Limited and independent non-

executive director of Investec Limited

and Investec plc. He is a member

of the South African Institute of

Chartered Accountants (SAICA) and

a past Chair of that board.

Luigi LM Giuricich (60)

Non-executive director

BCompt (Hons), CA(SA)

Luigi Giuricich completed his articles

at Peat Marwick Mitchell and Co

(now KPMG). He has over 35 years’

experience across all sectors of

the construction and property

sectors. Starting as the financial

director of the S. Giuricich group

of companies in 1990, he currently

holds numerous directorships of

group and associate companies.

Khumo L Shuenyane (50)

Independent non-executive director

ACA (Institute of Chartered Accountants

in England and Wales)

Khumo Shuenyane has served as an independent

non-executive director of the Fund since

2015. He also serves on the boards of several

companies within the Investec Group, including

Investec Limited, Investec Plc, Investec Bank

Limited and Investec Life Limited. Khumo also

serves as an independent non-executive director

of Vodacom Group Limited. He previously

worked with Delta Partners, a global advisory

firm headquartered in Dubai and focused on

the telecoms, media and technology sectors,

in various capacities for six years from 2014.

Between 2007 and 2013, Khumo served as Group

Chief Mergers and Acquisitions Officer for MTN

Group Limited and a member of its Group Executive

Committee. Khumo previously worked for Investec

Bank for nine years, serving as head of Principal

Investments for three years and a member of

Investec’s corporate finance team before that.

Prior to joining Investec in 1998, he worked

for Arthur Andersen in Birmingham, UK, and in

Johannesburg for six years from 1992. He qualified

as a member of the Institute of Chartered

Accountants in England and Wales in 1995.

Constance (Connie) M Mashaba (59)

Independent non-executive director

BCom (Hons) (Business Management)

Constance Mashaba has been with Black Like

Me Products since its inception in 1985, working

as their financial manager and assuming the

position of: managing director from 2005 to

date. Black Like Me is currently a subsidiary of

Amka Products. Connie served as a trustee of

the Deutsche Bank Africa Foundation from 2009

to 2014. She serves as non-executive chair of

The Energy Company Proprietary Limited, non-

executive chair of GIB Insurance Brokers and chair

of African Equity Corporation Proprietary Limited.

She has a BComm (Hons) in Business Management,

a Diploma in Marketing and Communication

from the AAA School of Advertising. Connie has

attended executive leadership programmes at

Harvard Business School and is a fellow member of

the Institute of

letter of appointment. Among other things,

this: letter sets out their duties, responsibilities and expected

time commitments. It also provides details of the Fund’s policy

on obtaining independent advice and, where appropriate,

details of the Board Committees on which the non-executive

director will serve.

Ongoing training and development

Ongoing training and development is a standing agenda item

for the Board, and the Board pack includes updates on various

training and development initiatives.

Board members receive regular formal presentations on

regulatory and governance matters, as well as on the

business and support functions.

Board Committees and responsibilities

The Board is empowered to delegate certain duties to

various Board Committees and Executive Committees.

All of these committees have specific Terms of Reference,

appropriately skilled members and access to specialist

advice, when necessary.

Board meetings

The Board meets at least four times a year. During the year

ended 31 March 2021, six meetings were held.

The Chair, in consultation with the Joint Chief Executive

Officers and the Company Secretary, is responsible for setting

the agenda for each meeting. Comprehensive information

packs on matters to be considered by the Board are provided

to the directors in advance of the meetings.

Board diversity

The Board believes that diversity of skills, experience,

background and outlook is required for it to operate effectively.

While non-executive appointments are based on merit and

overall suitability for the role, the Nominations Committee is

mindful of all aspects of diversity, including gender and race,

when making recommendations for appointment to the Board.

The Board has approved a diversity policy.

letter of representation to do so.

Every shareholder present in person or represented by proxy

and entitled to vote shall, on a show of hands, have only one

vote irrespective of the number of shares such shareholder

holds. On a poll, every shareholder present in person or

represented by proxy and entitled to vote shall be entitled

to one vote for each share such shareholder holds.

Presentation of annual financial statements

To present to shareholders:

•

the audited annual financial statements of the Company

for the year ended 31 March 2021, together with:

–

the reports of the directors and the auditors;

–

the report by the chair of the Audit and

Risk Committee; and

–

the report by the chair of the Social and

Ethics Committee.

The complete set of the audited annual financial

statements, together with the abovementioned reports,

are set out on pages 118 to 186 of the 2021 integrated

annual report.

To consider and, if deemed fit, to pass, with or without

modification, the following ordinary and special resolutions

of the Company:

1.

To elect Zaida Adams as a director of the Company,

in accordance with the provisions of the Memorandum

of Incorporation of the Company.

Luigi Giuricich, Solly Mahomed and Khumo Shuenyane will

retire by rotation at the Annual General Meeting.

Messrs Giuricich and Mahomed are not available for re-election.

2.

To re-elect Khumo L Shuenyane, as a director of

the Company in accordance with the provisions of the

Memorandum of Incorporation of the Company.

For brief biographical details of the directors to be

elected or re-elected refer to pages 28 and 29

of the 2021 integrated annual report.

3.

To elect Philip A Hourquebie as a member of the

Audit and Risk Committee, with effect from the end

of this AGM, in terms of section 94(2) of the Act.

4.

To elect Constance M Mashaba as a member of the

Audit and Risk Committee, with effect from the end

of this AGM, in terms of section 94(2) of the Act.

5.

To elect Moses M Ngoasheng as a member of the

Audit and Risk Committee, with effect from the end

of this AGM, in terms of section 94(2) of the Act.

6.

To elect Khumo L Shuenyane, as a member of the

Audit and Risk Committee, with effect from the end

of this AGM, in terms of section 94(2) of the Act, subject

to his re-election as director.

The members of the Audit and Risk Committee have been

nominated by the board of the Company for election as

members of the company’s Audit and Risk Committee in

terms of section 94(2) of the Act. The board has reviewed

the proposed composition of the audit and risk committee

against the requirements of the Act and the Regulations

under the Act and has confirmed that if all the individuals

referred to above are elected, the committee will comply

with the relevant requirements and have the necessary

knowledge, skills and experience to enable it to perform

its duties in terms of the Act.

7.

To re-appoint Ernst & Young Inc., 102 Rivonia Road,

Sandton, 2196, South Africa (Private Bag X14, Sandton,

2146, South Africa) as independent external auditor of

the Company, until such time as the conclusion of the

next AGM of the Company.

In terms of section 90(1) of the Act, each year at its AGM,

the Company must appoint an auditor who complies with

the requirements of section 90(2) of the Act. Following a

detailed review, which included an assessment of its

independence, the current Audit and Risk committee of the

Company has recommended that Ernst & Young Inc. be

reappointed as the auditor of the Company.

8.

To authorise any director or the Company Secretary of the

Company to do all things and sign all documents which

may be necessary to carry into effect the resolutions

contained in this notice to the extent the same have been

passed and, where applicable, filed.

9.

Directors’ authority to issue shares specifically in relation

to a Dividend Reinvestment Plan:

Resolved that:

•

To the extent required by and subject to the provisions of

the Act and the Listings Requirements of the JSE Limited

(JSE Listings Requirements), the directors be and they are

hereby authorised by way of a specific standing authority

to issue ordinary shares of no par value (ordinary shares)

as and when they deem appropriate, for the exclusive

purpose of affording shareholders the opportunity from

time to time to elect to reinvest their dividends into new

ordinary shares of the Company. The directors have

decided to seek annual renewal of this authority in

accordance with best practice.

The exercise of the authority will be subject to the

provisions of the Act and the JSE Listings Requirements.

10. Authorising the directors to allot and issue authorised but

unissued shares:

Resolved that:

•

To the extent required by and subject to the Memorandum

of Incorporation of the Company, the Act and the

JSE Listings Requirements, each as presently constituted

and as amended from time to time, the directors of the

Company are authorised, as they in their discretion think

fit, to allot and issue 80 491 844 of the authorised but

unissued shares in the Company, which equates to 10%

of the shares in issue, to such person(s) and upon such

terms and conditions as the directors may determine,

such authority to not exceed 10% of the shares in issue

at the date of the AGM when read in conjunction with

Resolution 11 (Special Resolution 1) and to expire at the

next AGM of the Company. In terms of the Company’s

Memorandum of Incorporation, read with the JSE Listings

Requirements, the shareholders of the Company may

authorise the directors to, inter alia, issue any unissued

shares of the Company, as the directors in their

discretion think fit.

The directors have decided to seek annual renewal of this

authority in accordance with best practice. The exercise of

the authority will be subject to the provisions of the Act

and the JSE Listings Requirements. The directors consider

it advantageous to attain the authority to enable the

Company to take advantage of any business opportunity

that may arise in future.

11. Special resolution No 1: Directors’ authority to allot and

issue shares for cash in respect of 40 245 922 (5%) of

the shares in issue:

Resolved that:

•

To the extent required by, and subject to the JSE Listings

Requirements, the Company’s Memorandum of

Incorporation and the Companies Act, No. 71 of 2008,

as amended (the Act), each as presently constituted

and as amended from time to time, the directors of the

Company are authorised by way of a general authority,

which authority shall not extend beyond the date of

the next AGM of the Company to be held in 2022 or the

date of the expiry of 15 (fifteen) months from the date

of the AGM of the Company convened for 2 August 2021,

whichever period is shorter, to allot and issue

40 245 922 shares for cash (i.e. other than by way of

rights offer, to the existing shareholders in proportion to

their then existing holdings), such authority to not exceed

5% of the shares in issue at the date of the AGM when

read in conjunction with Resolution 10 subject to the

limitations as required by the JSE Listings Requirements

from time to time, it being recorded that at 28 June 2021,

the JSE Listings Requirements provide, inter alia, that:

(i)

a press announcement giving full details, including

the impact on net asset value and earnings per share,

will be published at the time of an issue of shares for

cash representing, on a cumulative basis within 1 (one)

financial year, 5% (five percent) or more of the number

of shares in issue prior to such issue;

(ii) the issue of shares for cash in the aggregate in

any 1 (one) financial year will not exceed 30%

(thirty percent) of the number of the Company’s

shares in issue, including instruments which are

compulsorily convertible;

(iii) in determining the price at which an allotment and

issue of shares may be made in terms of this

authority, the maximum discount permitted will be 5%

(five percent) of the weighted average traded price

of the shares in question as determined over the

30 (thirty) business days prior to the date that the

price of the issue is agreed to between the directors

of the Company and the party subscribing for the

shares; and

(iv) the shares issued for cash must be issued to persons

qualifying as ‘public shareholders’, as defined in the

JSE Listings Requirements, and not to ‘related parties’.

The directors are seeking authority to allot and issue

up to 40 245 922 of the number of unissued shares

for cash which represents 5% (five percent) of the

number of the Company’s issued shares as at the date

of this notice of AGM, which is in line with the 30%

(thirty percent) permitted in terms of the JSE Listings

Requirements.

The authority will be exercised subject to the provisions

of the Act, the Company’s Memorandum of Incorporation

and the JSE Listings Requirements.

The directors consider it beneficial to obtain the authority

to enable the Company to take advantage of any business

opportunity that may arise in future.

12. Special resolution No 2: Directors’ authority to acquire

shares:

Resolved that:

•

The Company is authorised (to the extent required), by

way of a general authority, which authority shall not extend

beyond the date of the next AGM of the Company to be

held in 2022 or the date of the expiry of 15 (fifteen)

months from the date of the AGM of the Company

convened for 2 August 2021, whichever period is shorter,

to acquire shares issued by the Company, from any person,

upon such terms and conditions and in such number as the

directors of the Company may from time to time decide,

but subject to the provisions of the Company’s

Memorandum of Incorporation, the Companies Act, No. 71:

letter on the adequacy of the working

capital in terms of the JSE Listings Requirements,

prior to the commencement of any acquisition of the

Company’s shares on the open market.

Directors’ responsibility statement

The directors, whose names appear on pages 28 and 29 of the

2021 integrated annual report, collectively and individually

accept full responsibility for the accuracy of the information

given pertaining to this special resolution No 2 and certify that,

to the best of their knowledge and belief, there are no facts

that have been omitted which would make any statement false

or misleading and that all reasonable enquiries to ascertain

such facts have been made and that the special resolution

contains all information required by law and the JSE Listings

Requirements.

Material changes

Other than the facts and developments reported on in the

2021 integrated annual report, there have been no material

changes in the affairs or financial position of the Company

since the date of signature of the audit report and up to

the date of this notice of AGM of the Company.

The following additional information is provided in terms of

the JSE Listings Requirements for purposes of the general

authority:

•

Largest shareholders: page 202 of the 2021 integrated

annual report

•

Directors: pages 28 and 29 of the 2021 integrated

annual report

•

Issued capital of the Company: page 202 of the 2021

integrated annual report.

13. Special resolution No 3: Non-executive directors’

remuneration:

The company has begun the process of refreshing its board.

The non-executive directors’ fee structure was reviewed

relative to the market and, where appropriate, amendments

were made to ensure roles were competitively remunerated

and support the attraction of top candidates. This includes the

acknowledgement of Board Committee participation.

Resolved that:

•

In terms of section 66(9) of the Companies Act, No. 71 of

2008, as amended (the Act), fees to be paid by the

Company to the non-executive directors for their services

as directors, exclusive of VAT, be and are hereby approved

as follows:

(i)

for the period 1 April 2021 to 31 March 2022:

R

Chair (all inclusive)

2 000 000

Non-executive director

350 000

Audit committee chair

300 000

Audit committee member

130 000

Investment committee member

75 000

Nomination committee member

40 000

Social and ethics committee chair

105 000

Social and ethics committee member

40 000

Additional fee to the Lead Independent

Director

150 000

Fee per sub-committee meeting

10 000

Special fee per day in the event that an

excessive number of additional meetings

are held during the year

31 500

(ii) thereafter, but only until the next AGM (or until

amended by a special resolution of shareholders

prior to the expiry of such period), on the same

basis as above, escalated as determined by the board

of the Company up to a maximum of 5% (five percent),

per annum, per amount set out as aforesaid, exclusive

of VAT.

Special resolution No 3 is proposed to enable the

Company to comply with the provisions of sections

65(11)(h), 66(8) and 66(9) of the Act, which stipulate that

remuneration to non-executive directors for their service

as non-executive directors may be paid only in accordance

with a special resolution approved by the shareholders

within the previous two years. The remuneration proposed

for approval has been determined mindful thereof that

the role of non-executive directors is under increasing

focus of late with greater accountability and risk attached

to the position.

Value-Added Tax (VAT), at the prevailing rate, where

applicable, will be added to the above fees.

For further information on the proposed directors’

remuneration, please refer to page 113 of the annual

integrated report.

14. Special resolution No 4: Financial assistance to

subsidiaries and other related and interrelated entities:

Resolved that:

•

To the extent required by the Companies Act, No. 71

of 2008, as amended (the Act), the board of directors

of the Company may, subject to compliance with the

requirements of the Company’s Memorandum of

Incorporation, the Act and the JSE Listings Requirements,

each as presently constituted and as amended from time

to time, authorise the Company to provide direct or

indirect financial assistance by way of a loan, guarantee,

provision of security or otherwise, to:

–

any of its current and future subsidiaries; and/or

–

any other company or entity that is or becomes related

or interrelated to the Company; and/or

–

any company or entity created for the purpose of

providing a guarantee to noteholders under the

Company’s Domestic Medium-Term Notes Programme

for the purpose of or in connection with any matter,

including, but not limited to:

–

the subscription of any option, or any securities,

issued or to be issued by the Company or a related

or interrelated company; or

–

for the purchase of any securities of the Company

or a related or interrelated company; or

–

for the purpose of lending money, guaranteeing a

loan or other obligation and securing any debt or

obligation; or

–

for the provision of a guarantee by special purpose

vehicles to noteholders under the Domestic

Medium-Term Notes Programme

such authority to endure until the next AGM of the

Company.

Reason

The Company would like the ability to provide financial

assistance to its subsidiaries and related or interrelated

entities and to any company or entity created for the

purpose of providing a guarantee to noteholders under

the Company’s Domestic Medium-Term Notes Programme,

for the purpose of or in connection with the subscription

of any option, or any securities, issued or to be issued by

the Company or a related or interrelated company, or for the

purchase of any securities of the Company or a related or

interrelated company or for the purpose of lending money,

guaranteeing a loan or other obligation and securing any debt

or obligation of any such company.

Under sections 44 and 45 of the Act, the Company will

require a special resolution to be adopted before such financial

assistance may be provided. In the circumstances and in

order to, among others, ensure that the Company’s related

and interrelated companies and entities have access to

financing and/or financial backing from the Company

(as opposed to banks), it is necessary to obtain the approval

of shareholders, as set out in special resolution number 4.:

letter of representation to do so, or should you

not wish to attend the annual general meeting in person, you must timeously provide your CSDP or broker with your voting

instruction in order for the CSDP or broker to vote in accordance with your instruction at the annual general meeting.

Signed at:

on

2021

Signature:

Assisted by me where applicable:

Name:

Capacity:

Signature:

Please read the notes that follow.

Notes and summary of rights under section 58 of the

Companies Act 2008

1.

A shareholder entitled to attend and vote at the annual

general meeting is entitled to appoint any one or more

individual (who need not be a shareholder of the Company)

as a proxy to attend, speak and vote in his place at the

annual general meeting, provided that, if more than one

proxy is concurrently appointed by a shareholder, each

proxy is appointed to exercise the rights attached to

different shares held by that shareholder. Such shareholder

may insert the name of a proxy or the names of two

alternative proxies of the shareholder’s choice in the space

provided, with or without deleting ‘the chair of the meeting’,

provided that any such deletion must be signed in full by

the shareholder. The person whose name stands first on

the proxy form and who is present at the annual general

meeting will be entitled to act as proxy to the exclusion of

those whose names follow. Should a proxy not be

specified, this will be exercised by the chair of the annual

general meeting

2. A shareholder or his proxy shall have one vote for every

share held. You are not obliged either to cast all your votes

or to cast all your votes in the same way. Please instruct

your proxy how to vote by either:

•

marking the appropriate box with an ‘X’ next to the

resolution (i.e. in favour of and/or against and/or by

way of abstention), in which event the proxy will cast

all your votes in the manner so specified, or

•

setting out the number of votes to be cast in the

appropriate box next to the resolution, provided that,

if for any resolution the aggregate number of votes to

be cast would exceed the total number of shares held,

you will be deemed to have given no specific

instruction as to how you wish your proxy to vote in

respect of that resolution.

•

Your proxy will have discretion to vote in respect of

your total holding on any resolution on which you have

not (or are deemed not to have) given specific

instruction as to how to vote and, unless instructed

otherwise, on any business which may properly come

before the meeting.

3. The date must be filled in on this form of proxy when

it is signed.

4. If you are signing in a representative capacity, whether

for another person or for an organisation, then, in order

for this form to be valid, you must include a power of

attorney or other written authority that authorises you

to sign (or a certified copy of such power or authority).

5. In the case of a company, the proxy form should either

be sealed by the Company or signed by a director or an

authorised signatory (and the provisions of paragraph 4

shall apply to such authorised signatory).

6. In the case of joint shareholders, only one need sign.

If more than one joint shareholder votes, whether in

person or by proxy, only the most senior shareholder

who casts a vote, whether in person or by proxy,

will be counted. For this purpose, seniority is determined

by the order in which shareholders’ names appear in the

securities register for that share.

7. Any alteration or correction made to this form of proxy

must be signed in full and not initialed by the signatory

or signatories.

8. A minor must be assisted by his/her parent/guardian

and the relevant documentary evidence establishing

his/her legal capacity must be attached to this form of

proxy unless previously recorded by the Company or

waived by the chair of the annual general meeting.

9. The chair of the annual general meeting may reject

or accept any form of proxy which is completed and/or

received other than in compliance with these notes.

10. The return of this form of proxy will not prevent you from

attending the meeting and voting in person.

11. A proxy may not delegate his/her authority to act on

behalf of the shareholder to another person.

12. The appointment of a proxy or proxies:

•

is suspended at any time to the extent that the

shareholder chooses to act directly and in person

in the exercise of any rights as a shareholder;

•

is revocable in which case the shareholder may revoke

the proxy appointment by:

–

cancelling it in writing or making a later inconsistent

appointment of a proxy; and

–

delivering a copy of the revocation instrument to

the proxy and to the Company.

13. Should the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies have

been delivered to the Company, as long as the

appointment remains in effect, any notice that is required

by the Companies Act, No. 71 of 2008, as amended,

(the Act) or the Company’s Memorandum of Incorporation

to be delivered by such Company to the shareholder, must

be delivered by such Company to:

•

the shareholder, or

•

the proxy or proxies, if the shareholder has directed

the Company to do so in writing and has paid any

reasonable fee charged by the Company for doing so.

14. The proxy appointment remains valid only until the end of

the relevant meeting at which it was intended to be used

(including any adjournment thereof), unless revoked as

contemplated in section 58(5) of the Act.

15. It is requested that this form of proxy be forwarded to the

Company’s transfer secretaries:

Computershare Investor Services Proprietary Limited

Rosebank Towers

15 Biermann Avenue

Rosebank

Johannesburg 2196

Private Bag X9000

Saxonwold 2132

proxy@computershare.co.za:

letter of

representation from their CSDP or broker to participate in and/or vote at the AGM by way of electronic means.

Application Form: Electronic participation in the AGM

Full name of shareholder:

Identity/registration number:

Email address:

Cell number:

Telephone number: (code): (number):

Number of ordinary shares in the Company:

Name of CSDP or broker (if shares are held in dematerialised form):

Contact number of CSDP/broker:

Contact person of CSDP/broker:

Number of share certificate (if applicable):

Signed at

on

2021

Signature of shareholder

Terms and conditions for participation in the AGM via electronic means

1.

Shareholders will be liable for their own network charges in relation to electronic participation in and/or voting at the

AGM and it will not be for the expense of the Company, the transfer secretaries or the JSE. Neither the Company,

the transfer secretaries nor the JSE will be held accountable in the case of loss of network connectivity or network

failure due to insufficient airtime/internet connectivity/power outages which would prevent a shareholder from participating

in and/or voting at the AGM electronically.

2. The shareholder acknowledges that the electronic platform through which the AGM will be facilitated is provided by

third parties and indemnifies the Company against any loss, injury, damage, penalty or claim arising in any way from the

use of the electronic platform, whether or not the problem is caused by any act or omission on the part of the shareholder

or anyone else.

3. A shareholder, participating in and/or voting at the AGM by means of electronic participation, acknowledges by signing this

application form, that he/she will have no claim against the Company, the transfer secretaries and the JSE, whether for

consequential damages or otherwise, arising from the use of the electronic platform or any defect in it or from total or partial

failure of the electronic platform and connections linking the shareholder via the electronic platform to the AGM.

4. An application to participate in the AGM electronically, utilising this application form, will only be deemed successful if this

application form, along with the submission of the necessary: letter of representation (if applicable), has been completed fully,

signed by the shareholder and submitted to the transfer secretaries of the Company as detailed above, prior to the

commencement of the AGM and such shareholder is verified (as required in terms of section 63(1) of the Act).

