Managing Director from

1996 to 2005, during which time he progressed through various roles, ranging

from technical actuarial roles to management roles including Momentum CEO – a

position he held for nine years. Hillie then left the Group and became an active

investor in a number of small private companies, which led to him being a founding

shareholder and the managing partner of Nodus Investment Managers from 2009

to early 2018. Hillie returned to Momentum Metropolitan as Group CEO in 2018.

Jeanette joined Momentum Metropolitan on 1 March 2018 as Deputy Chief

Executive Ofﬁ cer and CEO of Momentum Investments. She has a strong track

record of building proﬁ table businesses at various ﬁ nancial institutions. She

started her career at Momentum in 1990, ﬁ lling various roles in actuarial product

development, marketing and as part of the team that launched Momentum

Administration Services, pioneering investment platforms in South Africa. She

ﬁ lled executive level positions at PSG, STANLIB and Old Mutual before joining

Allan Gray in 2009 as co-head of retail business, where she became executive

director. She is passionate about the upliftment of women and making ﬁ nancial

services accessible to all South Africans.

Risto joined Momentum Metropolitan in August 2016 to head up investor

relations and business performance management. He gained extensive

experience as a ﬁ nancial services analyst and researcher with Standard Bank,

Ketola Research and Deutsche Bank. As the Group FD, Risto is responsible

for investor relations, business performance management, group ﬁ nancial

reporting, group-wide services, mergers and acquisitions, balance sheet

management, and group facilities. He is also the executive in charge of the

Africa portfolio and our India joint venture business.

Board

meetings

Board

meetings

Board

meetings

Committees

Committees

Committees

Risk, Capital and

Compliance: 4/4

Social, Ethics and

Transformation: 3/3

Fair Practices: 3/3*

*Appointed

1 September 2020

Actuarial: 5/5

Investments: 5/5

4/4

4/4

4/4

Appointment

15 February 2018

Appointment

1 March 2018

Appointment

16 January 2018

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

62

53

46

7

Attendance

Qualiﬁ cations

Skills and experience

OUR PURPOSE

ABOUT OUR REPORT

HOW WE CREATE VALUE

VALUE CREATING

LEADERSHIP AND

GOVERNANCE

CREATING VALUE THROUGH

OUR STRATEGY

PERFORMANCE

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION

37

INTEGRATED REPORT 2021

MOMENTUM METROPOLITAN:

letter that

raised our concerns with regard to the PRX

voluntary share exchanges offer for NPN

shares, as initially announced on

12 May 2021 in a joint announcement by

PRX and NPN.

We are also part of a Steinhoff Shareholder

Group working together in a number of

legal actions against Steinhoff International

Holdings NV. We form part of an

international collaborative group that signed

a Just Transition statement to support the

workforce in our transition to a resilient and

low-carbon economy.

We integrate ESG

We consider environmental, social and governance

risk factors across the assets in which we invest to be

relevant to the performance of the overall investment

objective - across all asset classes, sectors and

markets.

Our ESG integration approach is reported on in

our annual Stewardship report and in our UN PRI

Transparency report available on our website...

(momentum.co.za/momentum/invest-and-save/

responsible-investing)

Through our focused commitment to the SDG goals

(SDG 3, 4, 7, 8, 9 and 13) our investment teams have

set forward looking goals to positively contribute

towards achieving SDG goals as set by the United

Nations Member States in 2015. For more information

visit: https://www.undp.org/content/undp/en/home/

sustainable-development-goals.html

Our UNPRI Scorecard

The UNPRI has encountered some challenges with its

pilot of a new reporting framework for investors, which

is intended to better capture responsible investment

activities. These challenges have resulted in the release

of participants’ annual assessments until June 2022.

As a result, we do not have a scorecard available for

publication.

We are active owners

Proxy voting summary

Number of shareholder meetings voted on

247

Total resolutions

4 052

Abstentions

59

Votes in favour

3 506

Votes against

487

149

INTEGRATED REPORT 2021

MOMENTUM METROPOLITAN:

