letter of

the law. In practice, this means we seek to ensure that we

comply with our tax reporting and payment obligations

in a timely manner and keep tax authorities up to date on

major changes within our business. Where a tax authority

has questions, or we disagree about a tax treatment, we

engage with those tax authorities in a cooperative and

transparent way.

Our Group Tax Strategy sets out the framework for managing

taxes, including information on our tax risk management

and governance. This is reviewed and approved by the

Board annually and is published on our website.

Sustainability

Acting Responsibly

as a Corporate Citizen

40

Ninety One Integrated Annual Report 2021:

Letter: Presentation

of pro forma financial information, dated 4 March 2010

and in accordance with paragraphs 8.15 to 8.33 in the JSE

Listings Requirements, the Revised SAICA Guide on Pro

Forma Financial Information (issued September 2014) and

International Standard on Assurance Engagement 3420

– Assurance Engagements to Report on the Compilation of

Pro Forma Financial Information included in a Prospectus,

to the extent applicable given the Non-IFRS Financial

Information’s nature. This pro forma financial information

has been reported on by KPMG Inc in terms of ISAE 3420

and their unmodified report is available for inspection on

Ninety One’s website (www.ninetyone.com).

These non-IFRS measures, including reconciliations to their

nearest consolidated financial statements equivalents, are

as follows:

£ million

2021

2020

Net revenue

625.1

609.9

Adjustments

Silica third-party revenue

(18.9)

(21.2)

Foreign exchange (loss)/gain

(6.3)

2.1

Net gain/(loss) on investments

15.6

(4.2)

Deferred employee benefit

scheme (gain)/loss

(14.2)

1.0

Share of profit from associates

0.6

–

Other income

1.6

0.2

Rounding

–

0.2

Adjusted operating revenue

603.5

588.0

Of which management fees

561.0

565.7

Of which performance fees

45.4

21.5

Of which foreign exchange

(loss)/gain

(6.3)

2.1

Of which other income/(loss)

3.4

(1.3)

£ million

2021

2020

Operating expenses

425.0

413.4

Adjustments

Silica net expenses

(17.2)

(19.4)

Deferred employee benefit

scheme (gain)/loss

(14.2)

1.0

Interest expense on lease liabilities

3.7

3.0

Rounding

–

0.1

Adjusted operating expenses

397.3

398.1

£ million

2021

2020

Adjusted operating revenue

603.5

588.0

Adjusted operating expenses

(397.3)

(398.1)

Adjusted operating profit

206.2

189.9

Adjusted operating profit margin

34.2%

32.3%

£ million

2021

2020

Net interest (expense)/income

(1.5)

1.7

Adjustments

Silica interest income

–

(0.1)

Interest expense on lease liabilities

3.7

3.0

Other interest expense

–

(0.1)

Adjusted net interest income

2.2

4.5

47

Strategic Report

Governance

Financial Statements

Additional Information:

Dear shareholders

I am pleased to introduce our governance report for the

financial year 2021 – Ninety One’s first full year operating

as an independent dual-listed business.

This report sets out how the Board and our committees

operated during this unprecedented year. It details the

governance framework for Ninety One plc and its

subsidiaries and Ninety One Limited and its subsidiaries

(together, “Ninety One” or the “Group”), and how we’ve

applied the provisions of the UK Corporate Governance

Code (the “UK Code”) and the South African King IV Code

on Corporate Governance (“King IV”).

The COVID-19 pandemic brought a big change to the way

we work, with all Board meetings during the year conducted

remotely. I am pleased to note that the Board has adapted

well, making sure we continued to govern Ninety One to

the benefit of all our stakeholders. Effective corporate

governance is an integral part of our efforts to build a

better firm and contribute to a better world, in line with

our corporate purpose.

Governance structure

Ninety One operates as a dual-listed company (“DLC”)

under a DLC structure. The DLC structure comprises

Ninety One plc and Ninety One Limited. Ninety One plc

is a public company incorporated in the UK, with a primary

listing on the London Stock Exchange (“LSE”) and a

secondary listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange

(“JSE”). Ninety One Limited is a public company incorporated

in South Africa and listed on the JSE. The DLC structure

ensures that the shareholders of Ninety One plc and Ninety

One Limited are in substantially the same position as if they

held shares in a single unified economic enterprise.

The Board of Directors of Ninety One plc and Ninety One

Limited (together the “Board”) are identical in terms of their

composition, with board meetings held jointly and a single

committee structure being constituted.

Board effectiveness

The Board carried out its first board effectiveness review

during the year, looking at the composition of the Board, its

committees and the depth of skills, experience, knowledge

and performance of each individual Director. I’m pleased to

confirm that the Board continues to work effectively and

has the right skills and experience required to support

the activities of the business. Details about the review,

including the main findings, are set out on pages 67 and 68.

Diversity

We want to make sure that when it comes to diversity, our

Board and workforce accurately represents the countries

and the societies in which we operate. We believe this

approach provides a diverse perspective in our decision-

making and forms an integral part of our firm’s recruitment,

development and retention strategy. Furthermore, we

believe that diversity can be a competitive advantage in

helping us to achieve the best outcomes for our clients,

our colleagues and the communities in which we work.

We are working towards a more balanced organisation

and acknowledge that this requires a broad and sustained

effort. Updates on our progress can be found in the

Strategic Report on pages 22 and 23.

Section 172 and stakeholder engagement

The Board recognises the importance of our stakeholders

and takes its responsibilities and duty to them under

section 172 of the UK Companies Act 2006 very seriously.

Our Stakeholders Section on pages 16 to 18 explains who

our key stakeholders are, why and how we engaged with

them, and how we’ve considered their interests in our

decision-making throughout the year.

Due to the COVID-19 pandemic restrictions, all meetings

and presentations over the year were virtual, including

our 2020 AGM. We now look forward to the lifting of

restrictions and being able to meet our wider stakeholders

in person.

Gareth Penny

Chairman

Chairman’s Introduction

Ninety One Integrated Annual Report 2021

60:

letter, which identifies the

time commitments expected of them. The terms and

conditions of appointment of the Non-Executive Directors

and service contracts of Executive Directors are available

to shareholders for inspection at the Group’s registered

office during normal business hours.

Board effectiveness

In line with the requirements of the UK Code and King IV,

the Board, led by the Chairman, undertook a self-

evaluation of the performance of the Board, its committees

and individual Directors during the year. The Chairman’s

evaluation was undertaken by the SID, Colin Keogh. This

was the first full year of the Board’s two-year review cycle.

In line with this cycle, this year’s Board evaluation was

conducted internally using an online questionnaire. The

Board will be evaluated by an external agent next year,

and at least every two years after that.

The results of the evaluation, including Board members’

comments in each area, were presented to the Board at its

February 2021 meeting, where the results were considered

and discussed. The Board concluded that it operates

effectively and it is satisfied that all Directors seeking

re-election contribute effectively and demonstrate

commitment to their roles. The following is a summary

of the themes the Board focused on for enhancement

in 2021, and some of the action points it will be tracking

throughout the year.

Composition, Succession

and Evaluation

Strategic Report

Governance

Financial Statements

Additional Information

67:

Dear shareholders

This committee’s main focus this year has been to ensure

that the Board has the right balance of skills, knowledge,

experience and diversity required to operate effectively in

overseeing the implementation of Ninety One’s strategic

objectives in the interest of promoting its long-term

success.

The membership of the committee, as well as that of the

Board, remained unchanged throughout the financial year.

During the year, the committee has overseen the Board’s

annual effectiveness review which included an evaluation

of the Board, its committees and individual Directors,

details of which can be found on page 67. In respect of this

committee, I can report that it is considered to be operating

effectively, its members have a good mix of skills and

experience and received sufficient information in a timely

manner. Through this process, the committee identified

potential areas where more focus and time was required,

such as succession planning and the need to spend more

time getting to know the below-Board leadership. The

committee will look to engage more in these areas, as well

as overseeing the implementation of the actions stemming

from the Board effectiveness review over the course of the

financial year 2022.

The committee was not required to make any

recommendations on new appointments over the last

year. However, it is fully aware of its ongoing responsibility

to ensure that robust succession plans are in place both

at Board and executive management levels, when required.

In May 2021, the committee reviewed its own membership

and recommended to the Board that Busisiwe Mabuza

replace Hendrik du Toit as a member of the committee

to ensure full compliance with the UK Code and King IV.

This report sets out an overview of the

committee’s role and responsibilities

and its key activities during the year.

DLC Nominations and Directors’

Affairs Committee Report

Strategic Report

Governance

Financial Statements

Additional Information

69:

Dear shareholders

The committee performs an important governance

function for Ninety One, exercising independent

oversight of, and reporting to the Board on, the integrity

of Ninety One’s financial statements and the adequacy

and effectiveness of its systems of internal control and

risk management. The committee reviewed Ninety One’s

current risk management framework, its principal risks, its

Risk Appetite Policy and its capital adequacy. In particular,

given the challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic, the

committee kept under review Ninety One’s control

environment with a view to monitoring any changes or

additional risks associated with the impact of COVID-19.

In addition, during the financial year 2021, the committee

completed the tender process for the appointment of a

new auditor, as required by audit rotation legislation in both

the UK and South Africa. Following a recommendation by

the committee, the Board approved PwC’s appointment

as Ninety One’s auditor for the financial year 2023.

As required by the UK Code, the Board undertook an

annual effectiveness review which included an evaluation

of the committee. The review did not highlight any specific

areas of concern. I am also pleased to report that the

committee is considered to be operating effectively,

has a good balance of skills, knowledge and experience

and received sufficient information to provide the

necessary independent challenge to the Executive

Directors. In addition, the members were assessed to

have the required competence to oversee the financial

reporting and risk management controls required for

Ninety One. Details of the Board’s effectiveness review

process and outcomes can be found on pages 67 to 68.

The report sets out an overview of the

committee’s main activities and areas

of focus during the year, as well as the

priorities established for the financial

year 2022, including an increased focus

on TCFD and sustainability reporting.

DLC Audit and Risk

Committee Report

Ninety One Integrated Annual Report 2021

72:

letter, audit fee and

audit plan, including materiality levels. The committee also

reviewed arrangements for ensuring the external auditor’s

independence and objectivity, including the external

auditor’s fulfilment of the agreed audit plan.

The committee reviewed the key audit findings, as well as

recommendations for improvements to processes and

management’s responses to those recommendations.

KPMG did not identify any material control weaknesses.

A full assessment of the quality and effectiveness of

KPMG’s financial year 2021 audit was considered by way

of a questionnaire completed by key stakeholders in

accordance with guidance on assessing audit quality

issued by the UK Financial Reporting Council (“UK FRC”).

The findings from the questionnaire were presented to

the committee in May 2021. The committee also received

and discussed the periodic UK FRC’s and South Africa’s

Independent Regulatory Board for Auditors’ audit quality

review findings, performed during the ordinary course of

business, and root cause analysis performed by KPMG.

Jatin Patel is the lead partner for the UK and Gawie Kolbé is

the lead partner for South Africa. They have demonstrated

that they have the appropriate qualifications and expertise

and have remained independent of the Group.

On the basis of its review the committee concluded that

the external audit and the external audit process were

effective, the committee was able to recommend the

re-appointment of KPMG for the financial year 2022

to the Board.

Tender for audit services

The Statutory Audit Services for Large Companies Market

Investigation (Mandatory Use of Competitive Tender

Processes and Audit Committee Responsibilities) Order

2014 in the UK and the rules of South Africa’s Independent

Regulatory Board of Auditors’ prescribe that FTSE 350

companies in the UK and public interest entities in South

Africa must undertake a mandatory tendering for audit

services.

During the year, the committee commenced a tender

process for the appointment of an external auditor for the

financial year ending 31 March 2023. The tender process

was undertaken for the corporate audit and assurance

reviews of Ninety One. Four audit firms were asked to

prepare and present proposals to members of the

committee. The incumbent auditor was not eligible

to tender under the South African rules.

The committee held discussions with a number of firms

who were judged against objective criteria determined in

advance of the process, together with the findings and

conclusions of published audit quality inspection reports

on the tendering firms and a review of independence.

Following a comprehensive review and further discussions

with the two strongest candidates, the committee was able

to conclude which firm it would recommend to the Board

for appointment as Ninety One’s external auditor. The

committee reported to the Board in December 2021 and

recommended that PwC be appointed as the Group’s

auditor for the financial year ending 31 March 2023.

Non-audit fees

The committee reviewed and approved the non-audit

services policy, noting that it was Ninety One’s intention

to not utilise KPMG for the provision of non-audit services,

other than in rare circumstances, which would require

approval by the Finance Director and the committee Chair.

Going forward, KPMG as a firm has taken the decision not

to engage in non-audit services for any of the FTSE 350

entities they audit. However, the committee noted that

there were exceptions to this in that certain services

provided by the auditors were classed as non-audit, but

were not considered to impact on their independence

as they are closely linked to their statutory audit

responsibilities. These exceptions include the audit of

the interim financial statements, the Dual AAF 01/06 and

ISAE 3402 controls reporting, and regulatory reporting

(including the FCA’s Client Money and Asset Rules, where

KPMG would continue to provide these services). It

was also noted that fund audits were separate and not

considered to be part of this assessment. KPMG fees for

non-audit work during the year amounted to £627,314.

Fees for the statutory audit for the year were £952,911.

Strategic Report

Governance

Financial Statements

Additional Information

77:

Dear shareholders

The committee provides guidance in relation to Ninety

One’s sustainability framework, its policies and strategy,

ensuring they are aligned to Ninety One’s long-term

commitment to sustainable growth. The committee

understands that sustainability remains an evolving part of

Ninety One’s strategy, adapting to the needs of our society

to protect our environment, and responding to regulatory

changes. The committee approved the evolution of Ninety

One’s sustainability framework encompassing its three key

pillars of Invest, Advocate and Inhabit, which reflects Ninety

One’s approach to sustainability. The committee also

reviewed Ninety One’s strategy on the implementation of

the TCFD.

The committee reviewed and approved Ninety One’s

short-term sustainability objectives for the financial year

2021, confirming that these were designed to support

Ninety One’s long-term sustainability objectives. Details of

Ninety One’s approach to corporate sustainability, social

and ethics can be found on pages 32 to 40.

The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic meant that our main

priority this year was the safety and wellbeing of our people

and their families. The committee received regular updates

on various engagements and initiatives that were

established to support our people during these difficult

times. The committee also received regular updates on

Ninety One’s initiatives to support the wider society,

including the charity matching schemes and ongoing

support for our small business suppliers.

During the year, the committee recognised the contribution

Ninety One makes to promoting a non-biased and safe

working environment for all our people through the launch

of various initiatives, including a third party whistleblowing

service and the active promotion of various internal

networks to foster the exchange of ideas and healthy

debate. The committee considered social economic

development, in particular the B-BBEE targets and strategy,

the diversity principles, corporate responsibility, health,

safety and the environment and stakeholder engagement.

The committee, on behalf of the Board,

oversees and monitors Ninety One’s approach

to sustainability, corporate social responsibility

and ethics, and its ability to contribute towards

creating a sustainable future for our stakeholders.

DLC Sustainability, Social

and Ethics Committee Report

Ninety One Integrated Annual Report 2021

78:

Dear shareholders

The operating environment in this year presented

unprecedented challenges for the business, with the

fallout of the COVID-19 pandemic and the responses

of governments around the world impacting investor

confidence and resulting in significant market volatility.

In the face of these challenging operating conditions,

Ninety One remained focused on maintaining operational

stability while continuing to serve our clients and deliver

strong investment performance. Our investment in people

and technology over many years allowed for a seamless

shift to virtual client engagement and a remote-working

operating model. The effectiveness with which Ninety One

has navigated this challenging period is a testament to our

long-standing client relationships, diverse investment

offering, our owner culture and the visionary stewardship

of the leadership team.

Overview of executive remuneration for the

financial year 2021

Notwithstanding the challenging environment, both

financial and non-financial results were strong. Notable

performance highlights include:

ɽ

Strong financial performance in the context of the

economic environment, including Adjusted EPS of

17.0p (2020: 16.1p);

ɽ

weighted investment outperformance of 82% over

the three financial years 2019–2021;

ɽ

strong share price performance and a maiden

dividend declared;

ɽ

execution of Ninety One’s dual-listing during a period

of considerable market instability and successful

establishment of Ninety One over its first full operating

year as an independent dual-listed business;

ɽ

implementation of a full governance framework in

compliance with the dual-listing requirements;

ɽ

development and well-received launch of the Ninety

One brand;

ɽ

significant progress towards long-term strategic

priorities (see page 94 for further details);

ɽ

thoughtful and wide-ranging response to the COVID-19

pandemic and maintaining stability in our operating

regions (see page 93 for further details); and

ɽ

no recourse to any government support programmes,

no employees furloughed and no COVID-19-related

redundancies.

Against the backdrop of this very strong performance, the

committee determined that the formulaic outcome under

the Executive Incentive Plan (“EIP”) scorecard was 86.3%

of the maximum award opportunity for each of the

Executive Directors.

The committee gave careful consideration to the formulaic

outcome, alongside the performance achieved, the relative

performance of Ninety One’s peers, and the shareholder,

client and wider workforce experience over the period.

Notwithstanding the record earnings achieved, the

committee acknowledged that because the performance

targets for the real annual growth in Adjusted EPS metric

under the EIP scorecard had been set during a period of

significant market volatility in the midst of the COVID-19

pandemic, these targets were not as challenging as initially

anticipated. In addition, the committee recognised the

wider economic context in this year.

For these reasons, the committee exercised its discretion

to reduce both the overall non-financial scorecard

outcome and the overall formulaic outcome under the EIP

scorecard. This represented 7.3% of the maximum award

opportunity, amounting to a total reduction of £718,000.

As a result, the awards to the Executive Directors represent

79% of the maximum award opportunity, recognising an

exceptional level of achievement in an exceptional year.

The Executive Directors acknowledged the context and

reasons for these reductions, and fully supported them.

The Directors’ Remuneration Report sets

out our approach to remuneration for

Ninety One’s people and Directors

for the financial year 2021.

DLC Human Capital and Remuneration

Committee Report

Ninety One Integrated Annual Report 2021

82:

letter of appointment

under which their appointment can be terminated by either party on three months’ written notice except where the Director

is not reappointed by shareholders, in which case termination is with immediate effect.

The Human Capital and Remuneration Committee

The committee’s role

The committee’s terms of reference were reviewed and approved on 1 February 2021 and can be viewed on our website at

www.ninetyone.com.

The committee is responsible for determining and developing the group’s policies for remuneration of the Chairman of the

board, the Executive Directors and senior executives. In determining such policies, the committee will have regard to the need

to attract, retain and motivate directors and senior executives of the quality required to run Ninety One successfully, in a way

that promotes our strategy and long-term success. It will also consider all factors including relevant legal and regulatory

requirements which it deems necessary. This includes the FCA Listing Rules, the UK Corporate Governance Code, the King

IV Report on Corporate Governance for South Africa, 2016, the Listings Requirements issued by the JSE Limited and where

relevant FCA Remuneration Codes covering AIFMD, UCITS, CRD III and MiFID II, as well as all associated guidance.

Strategic Report

Governance

Financial Statements

Additional Information

101:

