Message from the chairman

64

Overview

67

Board of directors

72

Governance structure and reports

86

Risk report

91

Remuneration report

103

Annual financial statements:

Message from the chairman

64

Overview

67

Board of directors

72

Governance structure and reports

86

Risk report

91

Remuneration report:

Message from the chairman

PSG Konsult’s performance has exceeded expectations in volatile and

uncertain times.

2020 was an even more turbulent year than we

anticipated. The economic world in which we operate

has changed dramatically. The United Kingdom withdrew

from the European Union, President Biden succeeded

President Trump and the Zondo Commission grabbed the

attention of the nation politically. The most significant

impact on the year was COVID-19, a pandemic with

economic, political and sociocultural consequences that

will stretch far into the future.

I am proud to say that PSG Konsult has weathered these

challenges well. We moved to a digital way of doing business

and have found exciting new ways to reach existing and

prospective clients. Our advisers have nurtured their

relationships with clients, even when face-to-face meetings

were not possible. We benefited from word-of-mouth

referrals and our advisers continued to write new business.

We have strived to support all aspects of employees’

physical and emotional well-being so they stay energised

and engaged. We have found that a virtual environment

simply does not compare with a physical office situation,

where collaboration and connection come naturally.

Cancelling our physical annual conference in May 2020,

and again in 2021, was unfortunate, but unavoidable.

Traditionally held at Sun City, the conferences for the two

years were held virtually. While this cannot replace the

networking and camaraderie of physical events, it has the

advantage that we reached attendees who may not have

otherwise been able to travel to the conference.

Our overall performance was strong; we were able to grow

our business and improve our headline earnings per share

while enhancing dividends paid to shareholders. We are a

resilient business built on good cash flows with no interest-

bearing debt. Our capital management levels are good,

substantially exceeding regulatory requirements.

Our biggest risks are adhering to, and integrating,

changing industry regulation and mitigating cyber risk.

Our greatest opportunities lie in upskilling and retaining

our employees and advisers.

Our commitment to being a

leading financial services group has kept

us motivated during this difficult time and

enabled us to serve our clients, advisers,

employees and shareholders.”:

