Managing Director A Mahoney

Remgro nominated directors

J J du Toit, L Zingitwa

Website www.siqalofoods.com

Sustainability measures

CSI/Training spend R5.8 million

Number of employees 274

Environmental aspect

Scope 1 and 2 emissions of 22 734 tonnes CO2e

Year ended 30 June 2021

Financial highlights

R million

%

Revenue

3 088

13.9

Operating profit

498

(3.3)

Headline earnings

405

(2.2)

Siqalo Foods Proprietary

Limited (Siqalo Foods)

Siqalo Foods manufactures spreads, which are sold under

market-leading trade marks such as Rama, Flora, Stork and

Rondo within the Southern African customs union territories.

Siqalo Foods’ contribution to Remgro’s headline earnings

for the year under review amounted to R405 million (2020:

R414 million), excluding additional IFRS 3 amortisation of

R79 million (2020: R79 million). Siqalo Foods received an after tax

finalisation amount of R31 million from Unilever in the prior year.

Excluding the finalisation amount Siqalo Foods’ contribution to

headline earnings increased from R383 million to R405 million

(or 5.7%). During a challenging, turbulent year impacted by

the Covid-19 pandemic as well as the weak South African rand

impacting on imported raw materials (resulting in two price

increases taken during the year), Siqalo Foods managed to

grow volumes by 5.5% compared to the prior year. Good cost

management enabled the business to increase its operational

EBITDA by 6.7%. The business continues to deliver good results

in line with prior years driven by its market leading brands. On

30 June 2021, Siqalo Foods had a combined 12-month moving

average value market share of 72.3%. Siqalo Foods remains

committed to keeping its market share and growing its brands

in 2022 while maintaining its profit margins during the subdued

economic conditions.

Two contracts are in place with RCL Foods. Vector Logistics

provides the distribution, sales and merchandising, while a

management services contract governs certain services that

RCL Foods Shared Services platform provide to Siqalo Foods

on an arm’s length basis. The result is an innovative, alternative

business model, leveraging the capabilities within the wider

Remgro Group of companies.:

letter and spirit of the prevailing tax laws and regulations, and

(2) cultivating accountable relationships with tax authorities.

The Board also ensures that Remgro complies with and adheres

to the Constitution of South Africa, the law, leading standards,

and adherence to its own codes of conduct and policies.

Further details regarding Remgro’s sustainability practices,

including an overview of the key areas of focus during the

reporting period, highlights on sustainability and planned areas

of future focus can be found in the Sustainable Development

Report, which is available on Remgro’s website.

Given the advent of Covid-19 and its local and global societal

impact, the Management Board as part of its key strategic

initiatives, has inter alia, formed an operational ESG focus group

to ensure that Remgro remains engaged with its corporate

citizen mandate and values-driven ethos.

Strategy and performance

Remgro’s Board is ultimately accountable for the performance

of Remgro, appreciating that strategy, risk, performance and

sustainability are inseparable. The Board provides strategic

direction by proposing, discussing and questioning, whilst

evaluating and approving, plans and strategies based on the

values and objectives of Remgro and stakeholder interests and

expectations. The Board furthermore oversees the Remgro

Group’s corporate actions via the Investment Committee, which

is supported by an approved delegation of authority.

The Board’s formal Board Charter, which is available on

Remgro’s website, defines key responsibilities of the Board,

including inter alia directing the ethical standards, strategy

and operations of the Remgro Group to build a sustainable

business, while considering the impact of the Remgro Group’s

strategy on the triple context.

The Board has delegated the formulation and development of

Remgro’s strategy to the Management Board, and has approved

the policies and operational plans developed by management to

give effect to the approved strategy. The Management Board’s

mandate is available on Remgro’s website. The Management

Board is furthermore supported by various senior management

work streams, including one focused on new and disruptive

technologies, being part of its future scanning processes.

The Board has approved, oversees and continually assesses

Remgro’s strategy, the risks, opportunities and other significant

matters connected to the triple context in which Remgro

operates; as well as the extent to which the proposed strategy

depends on the resources and relationships connected to

the various forms of capital (being financial, manufactured,

human, intellectual, natural, social and relationship capital, as

applicable) (capitals), the legitimate and reasonable needs,

interests and expectations of stakeholders, and the increase,

decrease or transformation of the various forms of capitals that

may result from the execution of the proposed strategy.:

letter.

Variation in share capital

Participants shall continue to participate in the SAR Plan and the CSP in the event of a variation in the Company’s share capital.

The committee may make such adjustment to the award or take such other action to place participants in no worse position

than they were prior to the happening of the relevant event and to provide that the fair value of the award immediately after

the event is materially the same as the fair value of the award immediately before the event.

Dilution limits

Individual basis

No award will be made to a single participant if at the time of or as a result of the granting of such award, the aggregate number

of Remgro ordinary shares in respect of which any unexercised SAR Plan awards or CSP awards granted to the participant, shall

exceed 5 290 000 Remgro ordinary shares, being approximately 1% of issued ordinary shares.

Overall basis

Similarly, no award will be made if at the time of or as a result of the granting of such award, the aggregate number of Remgro

ordinary shares in respect of which any unexercised SAR Plan awards may be exercised or CSP awards, shall exceed 26 450 000

Remgro ordinary shares, being approximately 5% of issued ordinary shares.

Settlement considerations

If it is assumed that all of the participants to the SAR Plan

exercise all options awarded to them on 1 July 2021,

Remgro will have to deliver 224 161 shares in order to

settle its obligations. This calculation is based on Remgro’s

closing share price on 30 June 2021 of R114.60. A 10%

increase or decrease in the Remgro share price will require

the number of shares to be delivered to be 334 324 shares

and 120 583 shares, respectively.

If it is assumed that all awards made under the CSP vest

on 1 July 2021 in full, Remgro will have to deliver 2 412 538

shares in order to settle its obligations.

On 30 June 2021 Remgro held sufficient treasury shares to settle its obligations to deliver shares to LTI participants.

GOVERNANCE AND SUSTAINABILITY

|

REMUNERATION REPORT:

letter of representation) in

terms of the custody agreement entered

into between you and your CSDP or broker.

• Register online at www.smartagm.co.za by

no later than 10:30 (SA time) on Tuesday,

23 November 2021. Shareholders may still

register online to participate in and/or

vote electronically at the Annual General

Meeting after this date and time, provided,

however, that for those shareholders to

participate and/or vote electronically at

the Annual General Meeting, they must

be verified and registered before the

commencement of the Annual General

Meeting.

• As part of the registration process you

will be requested to upload your: letter of

representation and proof of identification

(i.e.

certified

copy

of

SA

identity

document, SA driver’s licence or passport),

as well as to provide details, such as your

name, surname, email address and contact

telephone number.

• Following

successful

registration,

the

Transfer Secretaries will provide you with

a meeting ID number, username and

password in order to connect electronically

to the Annual General Meeting.

• Participate in the Annual General

Meeting through the Lumi app or website

by following the steps set out at

www.smartagm.co.za. The Lumi app can

be downloaded from the Apple App Store

or Google Play Store.

1.

Each shareholder is entitled to appoint one or more proxy(ies) (who need not be a shareholder(s) of the Company) to

participate, speak and vote in their stead at the Annual General Meeting.

2.

Voting will take place by way of a poll and accordingly every holder of ordinary shares will have one vote in respect of each

ordinary share held and every holder of B ordinary shares will have 10 votes in respect of each B ordinary share held.

3.

The cost (e.g. for mobile data consumption or internet connectivity) of electronic participation in the Annual General Meeting

will be carried by the participant.

4.

The participant acknowledges that the electronic communication services are provided by third parties and indemnifies the

Company and its directors/employees/Company Secretary/Transfer Secretaries/service providers against any loss, injury,

damage, penalty or claim arising in any way from the use or possession of the electronic services, whether or not the problem

is caused by any act or omission on the part of the participant or anyone else. In particular, but not exclusively, the participant

acknowledges that he/she will have no claim against the Company or its directors/employees/Company Secretary/Transfer

Secretaries/service providers, whether for consequential damages or otherwise, arising from the use of the electronic services

or any defect in it or from total or partial failure of the electronic services and connections linking the participant via the

electronic services to the Annual General Meeting.

5.

Due to the electronic format of the meeting, shareholders are requested to submit the questions that they wish to

raise at the Annual General Meeting in advance of the Annual General Meeting by sending them by email to the

Company Secretary at ddreyer@remgro.com.

1. Approval of Annual Financial Statements

Ordinary Resolution Number 1

Resolved that the audited Annual Financial Statements, including the Report of the Board of

