letter of the law and

are committed to conducting our tax affairs in an open and

transparent way.

This means that we comply with our tax filing, reporting and

payment obligations globally. We also seek to maintain good

relationships with the tax authorities in the jurisdictions in which

we operate. This may take the form of discussing key

developments in our business and the potential impact of those

developments on the amount of tax we pay. From time to time,

our views on the appropriate tax treatment in any given

situation may differ from those of the tax authorities. Where this

occurs, we work constructively and proactively to achieve an

early resolution. We comply with the UK’s Code of Practice on

Taxation for Banks and are treated as ‘low risk’ by HM Revenue

& Customs.

We believe it is important that businesses behave responsibly

and build trust within society regarding their role and

contribution on tax. With this in mind, we support initiatives to

improve international transparency on taxation matters,

including the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and

Development measures on country-by-country reporting and

automatic exchange of information.

Our tax strategy, available at www.schroders.com/taxstrategy,

sets out our approach to tax matters across the Group more

generally. This strategy is reviewed and approved annually by

the Audit and Risk Committee.

Taxes borne by the Group include corporate income tax on the

profits arising in each country, indirect taxes such as value

added tax on our expenses and payroll taxes on our employees’

remuneration. The total tax borne by the Group in 2021 was

£308.9 million (2020: £245.9 million).

Companies also have an important role to play in collecting and

administering taxes on behalf of governments, where the cost

of tax is borne by others. This includes income tax and social

security payments deducted from our employees’ remuneration

and indirect taxes charged to our clients. These are taxes paid

in addition to the taxes we bear as a business, which are

referred to above. The total tax collected in 2021 was

£268.8 million (2020: £240.7 million). The combined taxes borne

by us as a business and the amounts collected by us on behalf

of tax authorities in 2021 was £577.7 million

(2020: £486.6 million).

Further information on taxes borne and collected can be found at

www.schroders.com/en/about-us/corporate-responsibility/our-economic-contribution

Further demonstrating our commitment regarding climate change,

we have become one of the first asset managers to have our

emissions targets approved by the Science Based Targets initiative.

These targets define our longer-term roadmap towards achieving

the goal of net zero emissions by 2050 or sooner. Further

information on this can be found on pages 32-34.

The year has demonstrated the importance of remaining focused

on our long-term goals. We have delivered growth in the

strategically important areas of private assets and wealth, while

continuing to build a resilient global operating platform and

advancing our work in sustainability. This has enabled us to deliver

a strong set of results and ultimately, deliver strong investment

performance for our clients as we accelerate positive change for all

of our stakeholders.

26

Schroders Annual Report and Accounts 2021:

letter our Group

Chief Executive wrote to FTSE 350 companies, urging them to

publish detailed plans for how they intend to transition their

business towards net zero emissions by 2050.

Holding companies to account

In the past few years, we have seen an increase in the number of

climate-related shareholder resolutions submitted to companies’

AGMs. There is increased scrutiny over the way in which we vote in

these resolutions. We have adopted a ‘support or explain’

approach to environmental shareholder resolutions aiming to vote

for where they align with our sustainability agenda. Our voting

records, along with our rationale, are available via our website1.

Developing climate products and solutions

We recognise a growing awareness and demand from our clients

for climate-focused products. We have responded to this demand

for many years by offering products which contribute to the

reduction of carbon emissions, or those which actively commit to

rapid decarbonisation. We continue to expand the options for

clients, benefitting from the growth in those markets.

This year we launched a number of new strategies targeted on

climate action, including our first fixed income climate-focused

solutions. These latest additions to our climate-focused products

identify companies that are leading the way in reducing carbon

emissions, both in the scale of their future commitments and

timeframes to achieve them. We seek to identify the companies

that will obtain a competitive advantage from their climate

transition.

We understand that our clients are all at different stages of their

net zero transition journey. This is why we are building out our

climate solutions approach by expanding the options available to

our clients and ensuring we provide products that not only look to

reduce carbon emissions but also products that contribute to

environmental or nature-based solutions.

1. www.schroders.com/ao

Our solutions

Reducing GHG emissions

Designed for clients that want to

support the transition to net zero.

These solutions invest in companies who

are actively transitioning to a lower-

carbon business model and are reducing

their exposure to greenhouse

gas emissions.

Comprises our Sustainable solutions

(Article 8 under SFDR) and includes

strategies such as Global Climate Change

and Global Climate Leaders

Designed for clients who want to

contribute to environmental solutions.

We do this by investing in companies that

have products and services that actively

contribute to specific climate-related

outcomes through technological

development and innovation.

Comprises our Impact Goals solutions

(Article 9 under SFDR) and includes

strategies such as the Global Energy

Transition, Global Cities and BlueOrchard

Emerging Market Climate Bond

Designed for clients who want to

invest in our nature based solutions.

We recognise the important role they will

play in mitigating climate risk. We focus

on analysing natural capital assets and

identify the best way to maximise carbon

capture and sequestration.

Comprises our investment in Natural

Capital Research where our aim is to

provide access to conservation projects

through high quality carbon credits that

benefit local communities.

Area of future innovation

Contributing to environmental solutions

33

Schroders Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Strategic report

Governance

Shareholder information

Financial statements:

Managing Director and

Joint Chief Executive of

ABN AMRO Rothschild

• Partner at Goldman Sachs

• Co-Head of Global

Banking at HSBC

Contribution

Key external appointments and experience

N Nominations Committee

AR Audit and Risk Committee

R Remuneration Committee

Committee Chair

Deborah Waterhouse

Independent non-executive

Director

Matthew Westerman

Independent non-executive

Director

Graham Staples

Group Company Secretary

N

N

R

AR

AR

Board composition at 31 December 2021

Executive Directors

Non-independent

non-executive Directors

Independent

non-executive Directors

Board gender diversity at 31 December 2021

Male

Female

17%

25%

58%

50%

50%

Length of tenure at 31 December 2021

0-3 years

3-6 years

9+ years

6-9 years

42%

25%

25%

8%

58

Schroders Annual Report and Accounts 2021:

letter of appointment with a mutual notice period of six months. Letters of appointment and service contracts are available for

shareholders to view at the Company’s registered office on business days between the hours of 9am and 5pm and will be available at each

AGM.

Payments for loss of office and payments to former Directors (audited)

No payments for loss of office were paid to Directors or former Directors during 2021. No other payments were made to former Directors

during 2021.

By order of the Board.

Sir Damon Buffini

Chairman of the Remuneration Committee

2 March 2022

99

Schroders Annual Report and Accounts 2021

Strategic report

Governance

Shareholder information

Financial statements:

