Message from the chairman

28

Chief executive officer’s report

34

Our investments

50

Corporate governance

50

How we are governed

54

Governance structure

56

Structure of the board and its committees

58

Board committees

63

Directors appointment procedure

64

Director duties, remuneration and performance

66

Risk governance and internal control

68

Reporting with integrity

69

Audit

70

Relations with shareholders and other key shareholders

73

Annual financial statements

74

Commentary of the directors

75

Statement of compliance

76

Certificate from the secretary

77

Independent auditor’s report

80

Statement of financial position

81

Statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income

82

Statement of changes in equity

83

Statement of cash flows

84

Notes to the financial statements

105

Shareholder information

106

Corporate diary

107

Corporate information:

managing director

until his retirement in 2018 and sat on the

boards of various RMB Corvest investee

companies, and the boards of the subsidiary

companies making up the RMB Corvest Group

of companies. Neil remains on the board of

RMB Corvest as a non-executive director.

Neil was a member of the RMB investment

committee for a number of years up until his

retirement from RMB Corvest.

Neil holds a Bachelor of Commerce and CAIB

(SA), Dip SAIM from Port Elizabeth Technikon,

South Africa.

MARC OOMS (70)

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE

DIRECTOR

Chairman of the investment committee

Nationality: Belgian

Marc Ooms was general partner of the

Petercam Group, a Benelux investment bank.

He was also the: managing director of Petercam

Belgium N.V. and chairman of Petercam Bank

Nederland. He retired from Petercam in 2011.

Today, Marc is a private equity investor and

independent board member. He is also involved

in real estate mainly in Germany and Poland.

He serves, inter alia, as a board member of the

following companies: Sea-Invest Corporation,

Luxemburg (the largest European stevedoring

group in bulk and fruit which is also active

in Africa); BMT NV (gears, transmissions,

aeronautics, moulds for the glass industry);

Greenyard NV (world leader in distribution

of fresh, frozen and canned food, listed on

Euronext); Baltisse and Straco, two important

Belgian family offices.

Marc is a graduate of the VLEKHO Business

School, Brussels and lives in Belgium.

GARY SPELLINS (63)

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE

DIRECTOR

Member of the investment committee

Nationality: British

Gary was Chair at Inflexion LLP backed

Reed & Mackay, a global corporate travel

management and solutions company servicing

the financial and professional services market

until November 2020. He is also a board advisor

to FINE+RARE, one of Europe’s largest fine

wine brokers.

During his 18 years leading Private Equity

backed businesses he has been Chair

at Inflexion LLP backed Scott Dunn, an

international luxury tour operator specialising

in premium tailor-made holidays. Gary was

also Chair at The Parts Alliance, an Hg Capital

investment in the automotive sector, which

was successfully sold in 2017.

Previously, between 2002 and 2014, he was

Chief Executive, then Chair at Independent

Clinical Services, which is Europe’s leading

healthcare staffing and professional services

company. Gary led the business through five

phases of Private Equity ownership.

In his early career Gary was Group Managing

Message from the chairman

28

Chief executive officer’s report

34

Our investments:

MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN: Dear stakeholders,

Following a difficult 2020, in which the Covid-19

pandemic had a marked impact on economies across

the globe because of nationwide shutdowns, 2021 has

proven to be far more positive.

To date, Universal Partners Limited, “UPL”

or the “Company”, has made investments in

six businesses, and all have shown resilience during

this challenging time, with most of our investments

exceeding performance expectations for the year

ended 30 June 2021.

We are very pleased with this, given the extent

to which our primary market, the UK, was hit by the

Covid-19 pandemic, and resultant lockdown

extensions. However, the UK economy has seen

positive signs of recovery with many of the lockdown

restrictions now lifted thanks to a successful vaccine

rollout. The economy, which shrank by more than 9.9%

in 2020, is expected to grow by more than 7% in 2021

(IMF, July 2021).

OUR FIRST SUCCESSFUL EXIT

Although concluded after the reporting date,

UPL has passed a significant milestone in its journey to

delivering shareholder value. On 03 August 2021, we

concluded the first exit of an investment since listing in

August 2016, selling our 21.95% share in world-leading

electric motor manufacturer, YASA, for £42.8 million.

In doing so, we achieved a 3 times money multiple on

the funds invested in YASA and delivered an IRR of

27,6%, after allowing for the anticipated timing

of all cash flows, fees and carried interest payable.

This is substantially higher than our minimum

targeted return on investments.

When we listed the business in August 2016, our

pre-listing statement outlined that we are a listed

private equity business seeking patient investors who

are looking for medium to long-term growth in NAV

per share in GB Pounds sterling.

YASA is the first concrete delivery on this investment

thesis. Furthermore, we believe that there is solid

potential in our remaining portfolio and investors that

have a long-term approach will see the rewards in

terms of the Company exceeding its targeted returns.

OUR PERFORMANCE

During the first part of the financial year, our efforts

were focused on getting our investee companies, all of

which were affected to some degree by the Covid-19

pandemic, back on track. During the second half of the

year, we saw activity return, for the most part, to

pre-pandemic levels, with some of our businesses even

exceeding the targets outlined in their business plans.

We made no new investments during the year.

OUR INVESTMENTS

Dentex, the UK’s second largest private dental practice

group, has performed exceptionally well, and has

achieved strong growth in the number of dental

practices in the group (95 practices (at 06 September),

up from 73 last year) and in terms of its earnings. The

business recovered rapidly from the ten-week Covid

lockdown in 2020 and was trading at pre-Covid levels

within 2 months of re-opening in June 2020. Dentex

raised £20 million of additional equity in November

2020 from current and new shareholders to help

fund new acquisitions, in line with its business plan.

UPL invested a further £2.5million in this round.

The business is now well capitalised, demonstrating

strong profitability and has successfully agreed

additional debt facilities with its lenders, who

remain very supportive of the company.

JSA, a leading UK provider of personal service

companies (PSC) and umbrella payroll services, had a

successful year. HMRC legislative changes around who

“ON 03 AUGUST 2021, WE

CONCLUDED THE FIRST EXIT

OF AN INVESTMENT SINCE

LISTING IN AUGUST 2016,

SELLING OUR 21.95% SHARE

IN WORLD-LEADING ELECTRIC

MOTOR MANUFACTURER,

YASA, FOR £42.8 MILLION.”

