message from the Chairman and

Chief Executive Officer (continued):

letter of representation to do so.

The directors have made any provision for electronic voting at the AGM.

Litigation

The directors are not aware of any legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings that are pending or

threatened), which may have or have had, in the recent past, being at least the previous 12 months, a material effect on the

group’s financial position.

Material change

Other than the facts and developments reported on in this integrated annual report, there have been no material changes in

the financial or trading position of the group since the company’s financial year-end and the signature date of this integrated

annual report.:

letter of representation to attend the AGM or the ordinary shareholders concerned must instruct their CSDP or broker as to how they wish

to vote in this regard. This must be done in terms of the custody agreement entered into between the shareholder and the CSDP or broker concerned.

I/We

(full names in BLOCK LETTERS)

of

(address)

Telephone (work)

Telephone (home)

being the holder(s) of

ordinary shares in the company, appoint (see note 1):

or failing him/her,

or failing him/her,

the chairman of the AGM,

as my/our proxy to act on my/our behalf at the AGM which is to be held for the purpose of considering and, if deemed fit, passing, with or without modification, the ordinary

and special resolutions to be proposed thereat and at any adjournment thereof and to vote for or against such resolutions or to abstain from voting in respect of such

resolutions, in accordance with the following instructions (see note 2):

Number of votes (one vote per ordinary share)

For

Against

Abstain

Ordinary Resolution number 1

Re-election of Mr LI Jacobs as an independent non-executive director

Ordinary resolution number 2

Re-election of Mr S Mthethwa as an independent non-executive director

Ordinary resolution number 3

Re-election of Mr MJ Golding as a non-executive director

Ordinary resolution number 4

Re-election of Mr GS Nzalo as a member and chairman of the audit and risk committee

Ordinary resolution number 5

Re-election of Mr JR Macey as a member of the audit and risk committee

Ordinary Resolution number 6

Re-election of Ms NS Mazwi as a member of the audit and risk committee

Ordinary Resolution number 7

Re-appointment of KPMG Inc. as the auditor of the company

Ordinary Resolution number 8

General authority to directors to allot and issue authorised but unissued ordinary shares

Ordinary Resolution number 9

General authority to directors to allot and issue ordinary shares for cash

Ordinary Resolution number 10

Approval of remuneration policy (non-binding advisory vote)

Ordinary resolution number 11

Approval of remuneration implementation report (non-binding advisory vote)

Special resolution number 1

Approval of remuneration payable to non-executive directors

Special resolution number 2

Repurchase of company shares

Special resolution number 3

Financial assistance

Ordinary Resolution number 12

Directors’ authority to sign documents

(Please indicate instructions to proxy in the space provided above by the insertion therein of the relevant number of votes exercisable.)

Each shareholder is entitled to appoint one or more proxies (who need not be a shareholder of the company) to attend, speak, and on a poll, vote in place of that shareholder

at the AGM.

Signed at

on

2021

Signature(s)

Capacity

Please read the notes and summary on the reverse side hereof.

FORM OF PROXY:

letter of representation to

attend the AGM or the ordinary shareholders concerned must instruct their

CSDP or broker as to how they wish to vote in this regard. This must be done

in terms of the custody agreement entered into between the shareholders and

the CSDP or broker concerned.

6. Any alteration to this form of proxy, other than the deletion of alternatives,

must be signed, not initialled, by the signatory/ies.

7. Documentary evidence establishing the authority of a person signing this

form of proxy in a representative capacity (e.g. on behalf of a company,

close corporation, trust, pension fund, deceased estate, etc.) must be

attached to this form of proxy, unless previously recorded by the company

or waived by the chairman of the AGM.

8. A minor must be assisted by his/her parent or guardian, unless the relevant

documents establishing his/her capacity are produced or have been

recorded by the company.

9. Where there are joint holders of shares:

• any one holder may sign this form of proxy; and

• the vote of the senior joint holder who tenders a vote, as determined by

the order in which the names stand in the company’s register of

members, will be accepted.

10. To be valid, the completed forms of proxy must either: (a) be lodged or

emailed to Transfersec@singular.co.za so as to reach the transfer secretaries

by no later than the relevant time or (b) be lodged with the chairman of the

AGM prior to the AGM so as to reach the chairman by no later than

immediately prior to the commencement of voting on the ordinary and

special resolutions to be tabled at the AGM.

11. The proxy appointment is revocable by the shareholders giving written notice

of the cancellation to the company prior to the AGM or any adjournment

thereof. The revocation of the proxy appointment constitutes a complete and

final cancellation of the proxy’s authority to act on behalf of the shareholders

as of the later of: (i) the date stated in the written notice, if any or (ii) the date

on which the written notice was delivered as aforesaid.

12. If the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies has been delivered to the

company, any notice that is required by the Companies Act or the MOI to

be delivered by the company to shareholders must (as long as the proxy

appointment remains in effect) be delivered by the company to: (i) the

shareholder or (ii) the proxy or proxies of the shareholder has directed the

company to do so, in writing and pay it any reasonable fee charged by the

company for doing so.

Summary of the rights

Established in terms of section 58 of the Companies Act

For purposes of this summary, “shareholder” shall have the meaning ascribed

thereto in the Companies Act.

1. At any time, a shareholder of a company is entitled to appoint an individual,

including an individual who is not a shareholder of that company, as a

proxy, to participate in, and speak and vote at, a shareholders’ meeting on

behalf of the shareholder, or give or withhold written consent on behalf of

such shareholder in relation to an decision contemplated in section 60 of the

Companies Act.

2. A proxy appointment must be in writing, dated and signed by the relevant

shareholder, and such proxy appointment remains valid for one year after

the date upon which the proxy was signed, or any longer or shorter period

expressly set out in the appointment, unless it is revoked in a manner

contemplated in section 58(4)(c) of the Companies Act or expires earlier as

contemplated in section 58(8)(d) of the Companies Act.

3. Except to the extent that the MOI of a company provides otherwise:

a. a shareholder of the relevant company may appoint two or more persons

concurrently as proxies, and may appoint more than one proxy to

exercise voting rights attached to different securities held by such

shareholder;

b. a proxy may delegate his authority to act on behalf of a shareholder to

another person, subject to any restriction set out in the instrument

appointing the proxy; and

c. a copy of the instrument appointing a proxy must be delivered to the

relevant company, or to any other person on behalf of the relevant

company, before the proxy exercises any rights of the shareholder at a

shareholders’ meeting.

4. Irrespective of the form of instrument used to appoint a proxy,

the appointment of the proxy is suspended at any time and to the extent that

the shareholder who appointed that proxy chooses to act directly and

in person in the exercise of any rights as a shareholder of the

relevant company.

5. Unless the proxy appointment expressly states otherwise, the appointment of

a proxy is revocable. If the appointment of a proxy is revocable,

a shareholder may revoke the proxy appointment by cancelling it in writing,

or making a later inconsistent appointment of a proxy, and delivering a copy

of the revocation instrument to the proxy and the company.

6. The revocation of a proxy appointment constitutes a complete and final

cancellation of the proxy’s authority to act on behalf of the relevant

shareholder as of the later of the date: (a) stated in the revocation instrument,

if any or (b) upon which the revocation instrument is delivered to the proxy

and the relevant company as required in section 58(4)(c)(ii) of the

Companies Act.

7. If the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies has been delivered to the

relevant company, as long as that appointment remains in effect, any notice

that is required by the Companies Act or the relevant company’s MOI to be

delivered by such company to the shareholder, must be delivered by such

company to the shareholder, or to the proxy or proxies, if the shareholder

has directed the relevant company to do so in writing and paid any

reasonable fee charged by the company for doing so.

8. A proxy is entitled to exercise, or abstain from exercising, any voting right

of the relevant shareholder without direction, except to the extent that the

MOI, or the instrument appointing the proxy provides otherwise.

9. If a company issues an invitation to shareholders to appoint one or more

persons named by such company as a proxy, or supply a form of instrument

for appointing a proxy:

a. such invitation must be sent to every shareholder who is entitled to notice

of the meeting at which the proxy is intended to be exercised;

b. the invitation, or form of instrument supplied by the relevant company,

must: (a) bear a reasonably prominent summary of the rights established

in section 58 of the Companies Act; (b) contain adequate blank space,

immediately preceding the name or names of any person or persons

named in it, to enable a shareholder to write in the name and,

if so desired, an alternative name of a proxy chosen by such shareholder

and (c) provide adequate space for the shareholder to indicate

whether the appointed proxy is to vote in favour or against the

applicable resolution/s to be put at the relevant meeting, or is to abstain

from voting;

c. the company must not require that the proxy appointment be made

irrevocable; and

d. the proxy appointment remains valid only until the end of the relevant

meeting at which it was intended to be used, unless revoked as

contemplated in section 58(5) of the Companies Act.:

Managing director

MOI

Memorandum of Incorporation

NCI

Non-controlling interest

Definitions (continued):

