director's remuneration is subject to approval by the Zeder shareholders.

The remuneration committee has recommended, and the board has endorsed such recommendation, for approval of the

payment to the non-executive directors of the company, as set out in the table below:

Total paid

Total paid

2021

2020

Audited

R’000

R’000

GD Eksteen1

495

595

S Cassiem2

WL Greeff3

RM Jansen1

468

554

ASM Karaan2

330

330

NS Mjoli-Mncube

440

440

PJ Mouton3

CA Otto1,4

747

1 024

2 480

2 943

1

Independent board fees in total of R350 000 paid in October 2019 for the services rendered in relation to the disposal of Pioneer Foods

shares was approved by the shareholders at the 30 September 2019 general meeting.

2

Prof ASM Karaan passed away on 13 January 2021. Mrs S Cassiem was appointed on 12 February 2021.

3

These directors do not receive any emoluments for services rendered to the company and only receive emoluments from PSG Corporate

Services Proprietary Limited ("PSGCS") for services rendered to PSG Group Limited and its investee companies (including the Zeder

group). The Zeder group pays a strategic fee to PSGCS for services rendered to the company. These directors' remuneration is disclosed

in PSG Group Limited's annual report.

4

In January 2019 Mr CA Otto was appointed as the Chairman of the Zeder board of directors. Previously the:

Director's responsibility statement

68

Declaration by the company secretary

68

Directors' report

69

Independent auditor’s report

72

Summary consolidated statement of

financial position

73

Summary consolidated income statement

74

Summary consolidated statement of

comprehensive income

75

Summary consolidated statement of

changes in equity

76

Summary consolidated statement of

cash flows

77

Notes to the summary consolidated

financial statements

78

Annexure A – SOTP value

96

Annexure B – Shareholder analysis

100:

letter, terms, audit plan and budgeted audit fees for the

2021 financial year;

•

Approved the nature and extent of non-audit services that the external auditor may provide;

•

Nominated for appointment at the annual general meeting, Deloitte & Touche as the external audit firm;

•

Satisfied itself, based on the information and explanations supplied by management and obtained through discussions with

the independent external auditor, that the risk management processes and systems of internal financial controls are effective

and forms a basis for the preparation of reliable financial statements;

•

Satisfied itself, based on the information and explanations supplied by management and obtained through discussions with

the external auditor, that Zeder be regarded as a going concern;

•

Reviewed the formal policy and calculation for the ordinary dividend and recommended no ordinary dividend for approval

by the board;

•

Reviewed the accounting policies and financial statements for the year ended 28 February 2021 and, based on the

information provided to the committee, considers that the company and group complies, in all material respects, with the

requirements of International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS"); the SAICA Financial Reporting Guides, as issued

by the Accounting Practices Committee; the Financial Reporting Pronouncements, as issued by the Financial Reporting

Standards Council; the manner required by the Companies Act; and the JSE Listings Requirements;

•

Considered the JSE Limited's ("JSE") latest report on the proactive monitoring of financial statements for compliance

with IFRS;

•

Ensured that the appropriate financial reporting procedures exist and are operating as required by the JSE Listings

Requirements paragraph 3.84(g)(ii);

•

Satisfied itself in terms of paragraph 3.84(g)(i) of the JSE Listings Requirements that the Zeder financial director, as well as

the group finance function, has the appropriate expertise and experience; and

•

Undertook the prescribed functions in terms of section 94(7) of the Companies Act, on behalf of the subsidiary companies

of the group.

PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc. has served as external auditor of Zeder Investments Limited for the past 15 years, while the

designated external audit partner has served in such capacity for the past one year. The committee adopted mandatory audit

firm rotation, as set out in the rules of the Independent Regulatory Board of Auditors, and recommended, as endorsed by the

board, the appointment of Deloitte & Touche as external auditor, with effect from the financial year ending 28 February 2022.

RM Jansen

Chairman

28 May 2021

Stellenbosch:

DIRECTOR'S RESPONSIBILITY

STATEMENT

The director, whose name is stated below, hereby confirms that:

•

the summary consolidated financial statements set out on pages 73 to 100, fairly present in all material respects the financial

position, financial performance and cash flows of the company and group in terms of IFRS;

•

no facts have been omitted or untrue statements made that would make the annual financial statements false or misleading;

•

internal financial controls have been put in place to ensure that material information relating to the company and its

consolidated subsidiaries have been provided to effectively prepare the financial statements of the company; and

•

the internal financial controls are adequate and effective and can be relied upon in compiling the summary consolidated

financial statements, having fulfilled our role and function within the combined assurance model pursuant to principle 15 of

the King Code. Where I am not satisfied, I have disclosed to the audit and risk committee and the auditors the deficiencies in

design and operational effectiveness of the internal financial controls and any fraud that involves directors, and have taken

the necessary remedial action.

JH le Roux

CEO and Financial director

28 May 2021

Stellenbosch

DECLARATION BY THE COMPANY

SECRETARY

We declare that, to the best of our knowledge, the company has lodged with the Registrar all such returns as are required of a

public company in terms of the Companies Act of South Africa and that all such returns are true, correct and up to date.

Zeder Corporate Services Proprietary Limited

Per: L van der Merwe

Company secretary

28 May 2021

Stellenbosch:

DIRECTOR'S RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE SUMMARY CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors are responsible for the preparation of the summary consolidated financial statements in accordance with the JSE's

requirements for summary financial statements, set out in note 1 to the summary consolidated financial statements, and the

requirements of the Companies Act of South Africa as applicable to summary financial statements.

AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITY

Our responsibility is to express an opinion on whether the summary consolidated financial statements are consistent, in all material

respects, with the audited consolidated financial statements based on our procedures, which were conducted in accordance with

International Standard on Auditing (ISA) 810 (Revised), Engagements to Report on Summary Financial Statements.

PricewaterhouseCoopers Inc.

Director: JA Hugo

Registered Auditor

28 May 2021

Stellenbosch:

letter of representation)

in terms of the custody agreement entered into between you and your CSDP or broker.

• Register online at www.smartagm.co.za by no later than 10:00 am on Monday, 12 July 2021. Shareholders may

still register online to participate in and/or vote electronically at the AGM after this date and time, provided,

however, that for those shareholders to participate and/or vote electronically at the AGM, they must be verified

and registered before the commencement of the AGM.

• As part of the registration process you will be requested to upload your: letter of representation and proof of

identification (e.g. valid SA identity document, SA driver's license or passport).

• Following successful registration, the transfer secretary will provide you with a meeting ID number, username and

password in order to connect electronically to the AGM.

• Participate in the AGM through the Lumi website at https://web.lumiagm.com and follow the steps set out

at www.smartagm.co.za.

7.

Each Zeder shareholder is entitled to appoint one or more proxy(ies) (who need not be a shareholder(s) of the company)

to participate, speak and vote in their stead at the AGM. Shareholders are referred to the attached form of proxy attached

to this notice of the AGM.

8.

Voting will take place by way of a poll and accordingly each shareholder will have one vote in respect of each share held.

9.

You will need the latest versions of Chrome, Edge or Firefox. Please ensure that your browser is compatible.

10.

The cost (e.g. mobile data consumption or internet connectivity) of electronic participation in the AGM will be carried by

the participant.

11.

The participant acknowledges that the electronic communication services are provided by third parties and indemnifies

the company and its directors, employees, company secretary, transfer secretary, advisors or service providers against any

loss, injury, damage, penalty or claim arising in any way from the use or possession of the electronic services, whether

or not the problem is caused by any act or omission on the part of the participant or anyone else. In particular, but not

exclusively, the participant acknowledges that he/she will have no claim against the company or its directors, employees,

company secretary, transfer secretary, advisors or service providers, whether for consequential damages or otherwise,

arising from the use of the electronic services or any defect in it or from total or partial failure of the electronic services

and connections linking the participant via the electronic services to the AGM.

12.

The company cannot guarantee there will not be a break in electronic communication that is beyond the control of the

company.

By order of the board

Zeder Corporate Services (Pty) Ltd

Per L van der Merwe

Company secretary

28 May 2021

Stellenbosch

