letter dated June 06, 2023, wherein the Company intimated about the ensuing

31st Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Members of the Company on Thursday, July 06, 2023 at

09:00 A.M. through Video Conferencing /Other Audio Visual Means (VC/OVAM) in compliance

with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs vide. General Circular Nos. 20/2020 and 10/2022 dated

5th May 2020 and 28th December 2022, respectively, and other circulars issued in this respect

(“MCA Circulars”) and also vide Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD-2/P/CIR/2023/4 dated 5th

January 2023 (“SEBI Circular”), in this regard, companies are allowed to hold AGM through video

conferencing (VC) or other audio-visual means (OAVM), without the physical presence of members at

a common venue. In compliance with the said Circulars, the 31st AGM shall be conducted through VC

/ OAVM. The deemed venue for the AGM shall be the Registered Office of the Company.

Pursuant to provisions of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 20 of the Companies

(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended by the Companies (Management and

Administration) Amendment Rules, 2015 and Regulation 44 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 2015, the Company is pleased to provide members facility to

exercise their right to vote at the ensuing AGM by electronic means and the business may be transacted

through e-Voting Services. The facility of casting the votes by the members using an electronic voting

system from a place other than venue of the AGM (“remote e-voting”) will be provided by National

Securities Depository Limited (NSDL). The facility for voting through remote e-voting shall also be

made available at the AGM.

The Notice is also available on the website of the Company (www.coforge.com) and National Securities

Depository Limited (NSDL), www.evoting.nsdl.com. inter alia indicating the process and manner of e-

Voting process.

The e-voting period will be from Sunday, July 02, 2023 at 09:00 A.M. (IST) and ends on

Wednesday, July 05, 2023 at 05:00 P.M. (IST). During this period shareholders of the Company may

cast their vote electronically. The e-voting module shall also be disabled for voting thereafter. Once the

vote on a resolution is cast by the shareholder, the shareholder shall not be allowed to change it

subsequently.

The voting rights of members shall be in proportion to their shares of the paid up equity share capital

of the Company as on the cut-off date of Thursday, June 29, 2023. Any person, who acquires shares

of the Company and become member of the Company after dispatch of the notice and holding shares:

letter to the Company at its

Registered Ofﬁce address immediately. The Members,

whose unclaimed dividends/shares have been transferred

to IEPF, may claim the same by making an online

application to the IEPF Authority in web Form No. IEPF-5

(available on www.iepf.gov.in). For details, please refer to

corporate governance report which is a part of the Annual

Report. Pursuant to the Investor Education & Protection

Fund Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund)

Rules, 2016 (IEPF Rules), the Company has uploaded

the information in respect of the Unclaimed Dividends on

the website of the IEPF viz. www.iepf.gov.in and under

“Investors Section” on the website of the Company viz.

www.coforge.com.

The Company has issued a newspaper advertisement

on May 18, 2023 informing the shareholders that the ﬁnal

dividend declared during FY 2015-16 which has remained

unpaid/ unclaimed for 7 years shall be credited to the

Investor Education Protection Fund (IEPF) alongwith the

corresponding shares on which the dividend has remained

unpaid/ unclaimed for 7 years, as per the procedure as set

out in the Rules.

In view of the MCA Circulars the Company shall be

sending notices to the shareholders through electronic

mode. However, the Company had alreday dispatched the

notices to the shareholders giving them an opportunity to

claim their unclaimed dividend in May 2023. For details the

Members may refer the website of the Company viz. www.

coforge.com.

14.

Pursuant to Finance Act 2020, dividend income will be

taxable in the hands of shareholders w.e.f. April 1, 2020

and the Company is required to deduct tax at source

from dividend paid to shareholders at the prescribed

rates. For the prescribed rates for various categories, the

shareholders are requested to refer to the Finance Act,

2020 and amendments thereof, the shareholders are

requested to update their PAN with the Company/RTA (in

case of shares held in physical mode) and depositories (in

case of shares held in demat mode).

15.

A Resident individual shareholder with PAN and who is not

liable to pay income tax can submit a yearly declaration in

Form No. 15G/15H, to avail the beneﬁt of non-deduction

of tax at source by e-mail at the time of declaration of

dividend at investors@coforge.com. Shareholders are

requested to note that in case their PAN is not registered,

or having invalid PAN or Speciﬁed Person as deﬁned

under section 206AB of the Income-tax Act (“the Act”),

the tax will be deducted at a higher rate prescribed under

section 206AA or 206AB of the Act, as applicable. Non-

N O T I C E

Engage With The Emerging

COFORGE LIMITED

(CIN NO. L72100DL1992PLC048753)

8, Balaji Estate, Third Floor, Guru Ravi Das Marg, Kalkaji, New Delhi – 110 019, India

Tel.:+91- 011-41029297; Email : investors@coforge.com

Corporate Website : www.coforge.com:

letter etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who

are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail ofﬁcenns@gmail.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in. Institutional

shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board Resolution/Power of Attorney/Authority: Letter etc. by clicking on "Upload Board Resolution/Authority Letter" displayed under "e-Voting" tab in their login.

2.

It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep your password

conﬁdential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon ﬁve unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password.

In such an event, you will need to go through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?”

option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

3.

In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-voting user manual

for Shareholders available at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on.: 022 - 4886 7000 and 022 - 2499

7000 or send a request to Amit Vishal at evoting@nsdl.co.in

Managing Director

of Headstrong between 2012-14.

Sudhir is a graduate of the Indian Institute of Technology and the Indian Institute of Management.

He is based in Princeton, New Jersey.

Brief profile of Mr. Kenneth Tuck Kuen Cheong (DIN: 08449253)

Mr. Kenneth Tuck Kuen Cheong is a Partner and a Member of the Investment Committee of BPEA EQT, part of EQT AB, a global

investment organisation. Joining BPEA EQT in 1998, Mr. Cheong has been involved in the ﬁrm’s investments in Southeast Asia,

China, Korea, U.S. and India.

Mr. Cheong was previously a Manager with BZW Asia for three years, where he was involved in corporate ﬁnance and M&A in Asia.

Prior to that, Mr. Cheong spent three years with DBS Bank, where he was involved in credit, marketing and loan syndications.

By the Order of the Board

For Coforge Limited

Sd/-

Barkha Sharma

Place: Greater Noida

Company Secretary

Date: June 01, 2023

Membership No. ACS 24060:

letter

of appointment outlining his/her role, functions, duties and

responsibilities. The terms and conditions of the appointment

of Non-Executive Directors are placed on the website of the

Company at www.coforge.com

Key Managerial Personnel

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 203 of the Companies Act,

2013, the Company has the following Directors/ employees as

Whole-time Key Managerial Personnel as on March 31, 2023:

a)

Mr. Sudhir Singh – Chief Executive Officer & Executive

Director

b)

Mr. Ajay Kalra - Chief Financial Officer

c)

Ms. Barkha Sharma - Company Secretary

Changes in the status of KMPs during the year:

There was no change in the status of the KMPs during the FY

2022-23.

Number of meetings of the Board

The Board of Directors of the Company met 7 (Seven) times in

the FY 2022-23. The details pertaining to the Board Meetings and

attendance are provided in the Corporate Governance Report.

The intervening gap between two Board Meetings was within the

period prescribed under Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI Listing

Obligations & Disclosure Regulations, 2015 as amended. The

details of the attendance and other relevant details are provided

in the Corporate Governance Report.

Directors’ Responsibility Statement

As required under Section 134(3)(c) read with 134(5) of the

Companies Act, 2013, the Board of Directors of the Company

hereby states and confirms that:-

a.

In the preparation of the Annual Accounts, the applicable

Accounting Standards have been followed along with

proper explanation relating to material departures;

b.

The Company has selected such accounting policies

and applied them consistently and made judgments and

estimates that are reasonable and prudent so as to give a

true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company at

the end of the Financial Year and of the Profit & Loss of the

Company for that period;

c.

Proper and sufficient care has been taken for the

maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance

with the provisions of this Act for safeguarding the assets

of the Company and for preventing and detecting fraud and

other irregularities;

d.

The Annual Accounts are prepared on a going concern

basis;

e.

Suitable internal financial controls have been implemented

by the Company and such internal financial controls are

adequate and are operating effectively.

f.

Proper systems have been devised to ensure compliance

with the provisions of all applicable laws and such systems

are adequate and are operating effectively.

g.

Based on the framework of internal financial controls and

compliance systems established and maintained by the

Company, the work performed by the internal, statutory and

secretarial auditors and external consultants, including the

audit of internal financial controls over financial reporting

by the statutory auditors and the reviews performed by

management and the relevant board committees, including

the audit committee, the Company’s internal financial

controls were adequate and effective during FY 2023

Deposits from Public

The Company has not accepted any Deposits under Chapter

V of the Companies Act, 2013 during the year and hence no

amount of principal or interest was outstanding on the date of

the Balance Sheet.

Insolvency & Bankruptcy Code, 2016

There were no proceedings initiated/pending against your

Company under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016

which impacts the business of the Company.

Difference in amount of valuations, if any

There were no instances where your Company required the

valuation for one time settlement or while taking any loan from

the Banks or Financial Institutions.

Share Capital

a)

Issue of equity shares with differential rights or sweat

equity shares

During the year, the Company has not issued any equity

shares with differential rights/sweat equity shares under

Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014.

b) Issue of Employee Stock Options

During the year, the Company issued 1,73,928 (One Lakh

Seventy Three Thousand Nine Hundred Twenty Eight)

Equity shares on the exercise of stock options under the

Employee Stock Option Scheme of the Company (ESOP

2005). Consequently, the issued, subscribed and Paid-

up Equity Capital increased to Rs.61,08,70,800 as at

March 31, 2023 pursuant to Rule 12(9) of Companies

(Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014. The grant-

wise details of the Employee Stock Option Scheme are

partially provided in the Notes to Accounts of the Financial

Statement in the Annual Report and a comprehensive:

Letter of Approval (LOA) for setting up 100% EOU under Software Technology Park (STP);

b)

Obtaining License for setting up Private Custom Bonded Warehouse;

c)

Submission of Monthly Progress Report;

d)

Submission of Annual Progress Report.:

letter and imposing fine on the designated person.

2.

Further, the Company has filed form FCGPR for certain allotments as per prevalent practice suggested by AD bank, however,

AD Bank has suggested different mode now, which Company is deliberating with the AD Bank and will get the Forms on record

in due course.

We further report that:-

The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive Director, Non-Executive Directors and

Independent Directors. The changes in the composition of the Board of Directors that took place during the period under review were

carried out in compliance with the provisions of the Act.

Adequate notice has been given to all directors to schedule the Board Meetings including committee meetings during the financial

year under review, agenda and detailed notes on agenda were sent properly before the scheduled meeting, and a system exists for

seeking and obtaining further information and clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful participation

at the meeting.

In terms of the minutes of Board and committee meetings, all the decisions have been carried unanimously. The members of the

Board have not expressed dissenting views on any of the agenda items during the financial year under review.

We further report that there are adequate systems and processes in the Company commensurate with the size and operations of

the Company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.

We further report that, during the audit period, the Company has:

(i)

Allotted shares under Employee Stock Option Plan to its employees and officers of the Company and necessary compliances

of the Act was made;

(ii)

Obtained approval of members for payment of profit related commission payable to Mr. Basab Pradhan (DIN: 00892181) as an

Independent Director of the Company and Chairman of the Board and necessary compliances of the Act was made;

(iii) Obtained approval of members through postal ballot for appointment of Ms. Mary Beth Boucher (DIN: 09595668 as an

Independent Director of the Company and necessary compliances of the Act was made;

(iv)

Declared and paid dividend in accordance with the provisions of the Act and necessary compliances of the Act was made;

(v)

Obtained approval of board for providing tax indemnity in relation to ESOP to Mr. Sudhir Singh CEO and Executive Director of

the Company.

FOR RANJEET PANDEY & ASSOCIATES

COMPANY SECRETARIES

Place: NEW DELHI

CS RANJEET PANDEY

Date: 27.04.2023

FCS- 5922, CP No.- 6087

UDIN F005922E000258561

This report is to be read with our: letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure-I and forms an integral part of this report.

letter:

1.

Management of Secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an

opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices. and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness

of the contents of the Secretarial Records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in

secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and

happening of the events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of

management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedure on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness

with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

OR RANJEET PANDEY & ASSOCIATES

COMPANY SECRETARIES

Place: NEW DELHI

CS RANJEET PANDEY

Date: 27.04.2023

FCS- 5922, CP No.- 6087

UDIN F005922E000258561:

letter and in spirit. The

Company ensures that it evolves and follows the corporate

governance guidelines and best practices. The Company is

in compliance with the requirements of the Corporate

Governance under the Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure requirements) Regulations,

2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) as amended from time to time.

The Company believes in adopting and adhering to globally

recognized corporate governance practices and continuously

benchmarking itself against such practices.

The Company’s approach on Corporate Governance is founded

upon a rich legacy of fair, ethical and transparent governance

practices, many of which were in place even before they were

mandated by adopting the highest standards of professionalism,

honesty, integrity and ethical behaviour.

Your Company is committed to good Corporate Governance,

based on an effective Independent Board, separation of

supervisory role from the executive management and constitution

of Committees to oversee critical areas thus upholding the

standards practically at every sphere ranging from action

plan to performance measurement and customer satisfaction.

Efﬁcient corporate governance requires a clear understanding

of the respective roles of the Board of Directors (“the Board”)

and of senior management and their relationships with others in

the corporate structure. The Corporate Governance standards

demonstrate inalienable rights vested with various stakeholders

and strong commitment to values, ethics and business conduct.

The Company ensures adequate, timely and accurate disclosure

on all material matters including the ﬁnancial situation,

performance, ownership and governance of the Company to

the stock exchanges and the investors. Information is prepared

and disclosed in accordance with the prescribed standards

Report on

Corporate

Governance

of accounting, ﬁnancial and non-ﬁnancial disclosure and are

disseminated in an equal, timely and cost-efﬁcient access to

relevant information by users. The standards of governance are

guided by the following principles:

•

Clear & ethical strategic direction and sound business

decisions

•

The effective exercising of ownership.

•

Transparent and professional decision making.

•

Excellence in corporate governance by abiding the

guidelines and continuous assessment of Board processes

and the management systems for constant improvisation.

•

Greater attention is paid to the protection of minority

shareholders rights.

Your Company protects and facilitates the exercise of

shareholders’ rights, provides adequate and timely information,

opportunity to participate effectively and vote (including remote

e-voting) in general shareholder meetings and postal ballots, and

ensure equitable treatment to all the shareholders. This enables

the Company to build and sustain the trust and conﬁdence of its

stakeholders, as well as to strengthen the foundation for long-

term business success and sustainability. The Company is in

compliance with the requirements stipulated under Regulation

17 to 27 read with Schedule V and clauses (b) to (i) of sub-

regulation (2) of Regulation 46 of SEBI Listing Regulations, as

applicable, with regard to corporate governance.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The Company is managed and controlled through a professional

Board of Directors (“Board”) comprising of an optimum

combination of Executive, Non-Executive and Independent

Directors. The composition of the Board of the Company is in

conformity with the provisions of the Securities and Exchange

Board of India SEBI Listing Regulations & the Companies Act,

2013. The present composition of the Board is Eight (8) members

out of which three (3) members are Independent Directors,

which constitute 37.5 percent of the total strength of the Board.

The Chairman of the Board is Mr. Basab Pradhan, who is an

Independent Chairman and Ms. Mary Beth Boucher, a Woman

Director is acting as an Independent Director on the Board of the

Company. The brief proﬁle of all the Directors is available on the

website of the Company www.coforge.com.

During the year Ms. Mary Beth Boucher has been appointed as

the Independent Director of the Company w.e.f. May 07, 2022.

The composition of the Board as on March 31, 2023 is provided

below:

Composition of the Board as on March 31, 2023

Independent Directors

3

Non-Executive Director

4

Executive Director

1

Total

8:

letter of appointment is given to him/her, which inter alia explains

the role, function, duties and responsibilities expected of him/

her as a ID of the Company. The terms and conditions of the

appointment are also placed on the website of the Company.

Each newly appointed ID is taken through a familiarization

program in terms of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure

Requirements), Regulations, 2015, including the interaction

with the CEO & the Senior Management of the Company

covering all marketing, ﬁnance and other important aspects

of the Company. The Company Secretary briefs the ID about

their legal and regulatory responsibilities. The familiarization

program also includes interactive sessions with Business and

Functional Heads and visit to the Business Centres. The details

of the familiarization program is available on the website of the

Company www.coforge.com

Meeting of Independent Directors

During the year under review, a separate meeting of the

Independent Directors was held without the attendance of Non-

Independent Directors and members of the management.

Code of Conduct

The Company has a well-deﬁned policy, which lays down

procedures to be followed by the employees for ethical

professional conduct. The Code of Conduct has been laid

down for all the Board Members and Senior Management of

the Company. The Board members and Senior Management

personnel have afﬁrmed compliance with the Company’s code

of conduct for the year 2022-23. This Code has been displayed

on the Company’s website.

Board Committees

With a view to have a more focused attention on business and

for better governance and accountability, the Board has the

following mandatory committees:

a. Audit Committee

b. Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee

c. Nomination and Remuneration Committee

d. Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

e. Risk Management committee

The terms of reference of these Committees are determined by

the Board and their relevance reviewed from time to time. Meetings

of each of these Committees are convened by the respective

Chairman of the Committee, who also informs the Board about

the summary of discussions held in the Committee Meetings. The

Minutes of the Committee Meetings are sent to all members of the

Committee individually and tabled at the Board Meetings.

Audit Committee

The Company has an Audit Committee in accordance with

Regulation 18 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 read with Section 177 of the

Companies Act, 2013.

Name of the

Committee

member

Category

Designation

Number of

meetings during

the Financial

Year 2022-23

Dates of

meetings

held

during the

year

Held

Attended

Mr. Basab

Pradhan

Independent

Director

Member

4

4

May 09,

2022

July 21,

2022

October

20, 2022

January

19, 2023

Mr. Ashwani

Kumar Puri

Independent

Director

Chairman

4

4

Ms. Mary Beth

Boucher

Independent

Director

Member

4

4

All the Members of the Audit Committee have the requisite

qualiﬁcation for appointment on the Committee and possess

sound knowledge of ﬁnance, accounting practices and

internal controls. The Chairperson of the Audit Committee is

an Independent Director and the Company Secretary acts as

Secretary to the Committee. The Audit Committee also invites the

CEO, Chief Financial Ofﬁcer, Internal Audit Head/representatives

of Internal Audit ﬁrm*, representatives of Statutory Auditors and

such executives as it consider appropriate at its meetings.

The Committee also passed the Circular Resolutions on May 26,

2022, July 20, 2022 & March 26, 2023

The Committee is responsible for the effective supervision of

the ﬁnancial reporting processes to ensure proper disclosure

of ﬁnancial statements, their credibility, and compliance with

the Accounting Standards, Stock Exchanges and other legal

requirements, reviewing with internal and external audit and

internal control systems, assessing their adequacy ensuring

compliance with internal controls; reviewing ﬁndings of the

Internal Audit, reviewing the Company’s ﬁnancial and risk

management policies and ensuring follow up action on signiﬁcant

ﬁndings, and reviewing quarterly, half yearly and yearly annual

accounts, reviewing the utilization of loans and/or advances from/

investment by the holding Company in the subsidiary exceeding

rupees 100 crore or 10% of the asset size of the subsidiary,

whichever is lower including existing loans/advances/investments

existing as on the date of coming into force of this provision &

to review compliance with the provisions of SEBI (Prohibition of

Insider Trading) Regulations and shall verify that the systems

for internal control are adequate and are operating effectively.

It acts as a link between Statutory and Internal Auditors and the

Board of Directors of the Company. The Committee is governed

by a Charter which is in line with the regulatory requirements

mandated by the Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI (Listing

Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as

amended from time to time. The Committee reviews information:

Managing Director and

Whole-time Directors of the Company.:

Managing Director or Chief Executive Ofﬁcer or the

Manager and in their absence a Whole-time Director

b)

Chief Financial Ofﬁcer; and

c)

Company Secretary

Any other person as deﬁned under the Act from time to

time

9.

“Non-Executive Director” means the director other than

the Executive Director and Independent Director.

10.

“Senior Management Personnel” for this purpose shall

mean employees of the company who are members of

its core management team excluding Board of Directors.

It would comprise all the members of management one

level below the Chief Executive Ofﬁcer/: Managing Director/

Whole Time Director/ Manager (including Chief Executive

Ofﬁcer/Manager, in case they are not part of the Board),

all Functional Heads and any other person/positions as

deﬁned under the Regulations from time to time Company

Secretary & Chief Financial Ofﬁcer.”

Unless the context otherwise requires, words and

expressions used in this policy and not deﬁned herein

but deﬁned in the Companies Act, 2013 or SEBI (Listing

Obligations & Disclosure) Regulations, 2015 as may

be amended from time to time shall have the meaning

respectively assigned to them therein.

e.

APPOINTMENT AND REMOVAL OF DIRECTOR, KMP,

SENIOR MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL

a.

Appointment criteria and qualifications

1.

Subject to the applicable provisions of the Companies

Act, 2013, the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015, other applicable laws,

if any, and the Company’s Policy, the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee shall identify and ascertain

the integrity, qualiﬁcation, expertise and experience of

the person for appointment as Director, KMP or at Senior

Management level and recommend to the Board his/her

appointment and to recommend to the Board, plans and

process for succession for appointments to the Board and

senior management.

2.

The Committee has discretion to decide the adequacy of

qualiﬁcation, expertise and experience for the concerned

position.

3.

The Company shall not appoint or continue the employment

of any person as Managing Director/ Whole-time Director

/Manager who has attained the age of seventy years,

provided that the term of the person holding this position

may be extended beyond the age of seventy years with the

approval of shareholders by passing a special resolution.

4.

The Company shall not appoint or continue the directorship

of any person as Non-Executive Director who has attained

the age of 75 years, unless a special resolution is passed

to that effect, in which case the explanatory statement

annexed to the Notice for such motion shall indicate the

justiﬁcation for appointing such person.

b.

Term/Tenure

Managing Director/Whole-time Director:

The Company shall appoint or re-appoint any person as

its Executive

Managing Director/Whole-time Directors:

1.

The Remuneration/ Commission etc. to be paid to Managing

Director/Whole-time Directors, shall be governed as per

provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules made

there under alongwith the SEBI (Listing Obligations &

Disclosure Regulations), 2015 or any other enactment for

the time being in force and the approvals obtained from the

Members of the Company.

2.

The Committee shall make such recommendations to the

Board of Directors, as it may consider appropriate with

regard to remuneration to: Managing

Letter of conﬁrmation’ in

lieu of physical securities certiﬁcate(s), to the securities

holder/claimant.

The ‘: Letter of Conﬁrmation’ shall be valid for a period

of 120 days from the date of its issuance, within which

the securities holder/claimant shall make a request to

the Depository Participant for dematerializing the said

securities.

j. Distribution of shareholding as on March 31, 2023

Range (No.

of Shares)

No. of

Shareholders

% to Total

Shareholders

Range (No.

of Shares)

Total No.

of Shares

% to Total

Shares

Up to -500

145039

98.87

Up to -500

37,39,725

6.12

501-1000

860

0.59

501-1000

5,91,670

0.97

1001-5000

521

0.36

1001-5000

10,84,363

1.78

5001 &

above

265

0.18

5001 &

above

5,56,71,322

91.13

TOTAL

146685

100.00

TOTAL

6,10,87,080

100.00

