Dear Member,

We are pleased to invite you to attend the 30th Annual General Meeting of the Members of Dixon Technologies (India) Limited to be

held on Friday, 29th September, 2023 at 11.00 A.M. (IST) through Video Conferencing/Other Audio-Visual Means (“VC/OAVM”) facility.

The Notice of the 30th Annual General Meeting along with the instructions for casting of vote by electronic means and the instructions

for attending the Annual General Meeting by VC /OAVM facility has been provided herein.

Please find below key details / information regarding 30th Annual General Meeting for your ready reference and ease of participation.

We anticipate your presence in the Annual General Meeting. Kindly make it convenient to attend the same.

Very truly yours,

Sd/-

Ashish Kumar

Chief Legal Counsel & Group Company Secretary

1

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

30th AGM Notice 2022-23:

letter either by email or by SMS’s to all

the investors who holds the shares in physical form, creating

awareness amongst the investors about the availability of

Dispute resolution mechanism at the stock exchanges against

the listed entities/RTA. The Company has already circulated

such intimation: letter to all the shareholders of the Company

holding shares in physical form complying with the aforesaid

provisions of the circular on 17th February, 2023.

21. Process for those Members whose email ids are not

registered for procuring user id and password and

registration of email ids for e-Voting on the resolutions set

out in this Notice:

i.

Those members who have not yet registered their email

addresses are requested to get their email addresses

registered by following the procedure given below:

a. Members holding shares in demat form can get their

e-mail ID registered by contacting their respective

Depository Participant.

b.

Physical shareholders are hereby notified that based

on SEBI Circular number: SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-

PoD1/P/ CIR/2023/37, dated March 16th, 2023 all

holders of physical securities in listed companies

shall update the contact details through submitting

the requisite ISR 1 form along with the supporting

documents. ISR 1 Form can be obtained by following

the link: https://ris. kfintech.com/clientservices/isc/

default.aspx

ISR Form(s) and the supporting documents can be provided

by any one of the following modes:

a) Through ‘In Person Verification’ (IPV): the authorized

person of the RTA shall verify the original documents

furnished by the investor and retain copy(ies) with IPV

stamping with date and initials; or

b) Through hard copies which are self-attested, which can

be shared on the address below; or

Name

Kfin Technologies Limited

Address

Selenium Building, Tower-B, Plot No 31

& 32, Financial District, Nanakramguda,

Serilingampally, Hyderabad, Rangareddy,

Telangana India - 500 032.

c) Through electronic mode with e-sign by following

the link: https://ris.kfintech.com/clientservices/isc/

default.aspx#

22. PROCEDURE FOR REMOTE E-VOTING

i.

In compliance with the provisions of Section 108 of the

Act, read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management

and Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended from time

to time, Regulation 44 of the SEBI Listing Regulations

and in terms of SEBI vide circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/

CMD/ CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9, 2020 in

relation to e-Voting Facility Provided by Listed Entities,

the Members are provided with the facility to cast

their vote electronically, through the e-Voting services

provided by KFin Technologies Limited , on all the

resolutions set forth in this Notice. The instructions for

e-Voting are given herein below.

ii.

Pursuant to SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/

CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9, 2020 on “e-Voting

facility provided by Listed Companies”, e-Voting process

has been enabled to all the individual demat account

holders, by way of single login credential, through their

demat accounts / websites of Depositories / DPs in

order to increase the efficiency of the voting process.

iii. Individual demat account holders would be able to

cast their vote without having to register again with

the e-Voting service provider (ESP) thereby not only

facilitating seamless authentication but also ease

and convenience of participating in e-Voting process.

Members are advised to update their mobile number

and e-mail ID with their DPs to access e-Voting facility.

iv.

A) Commencement of remote e-voting - 09:00 A.M. on

26th September, 2023 (Tuesday)

B) End of remote e-voting - 05.00 P.M. on 28th

September, 2023 (Thursday)

At the end of remote e-voting period, the facility shall

forthwith be blocked.

v.

The voting rights of Members shall be in proportion to

their shares in the paid-up equity share capital of the

Company as on the cut-off date.

vi. Once the vote on a resolution stated in this notice is

cast by Member through remote e-voting, the Member

shall not be allowed to change it subsequently and such

e-vote shall be treated as final. The Members who have

cast their vote by remote e-voting may also attend the

e-AGM, however such Member shall not be allowed to

vote again during the e-AGM.

vii. Any person holding shares in physical form and non-

individual shareholders, who acquires shares of the

Company and becomes a Member of the Company

after sending of the Notice and holding shares as of the

cut-off date, may obtain the login ID and password by

sending a request through their registered email ID at

evoting@Kfintech.com. However, if he / she is already

registered with KFin Technologies Limited for remote

e-Voting then he /she can use his / her existing User ID

and password for casting the vote.

viii. In case of Individual Shareholders holding securities in

demat mode and who acquires shares of the Company

and becomes a Member of the Company after sending of

the Notice and holding shares as of the cut-off date may

follow steps mentioned below under “Login method for

remote e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual

shareholders holding securities in demat mode.

7

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

30th AGM Notice 2022-23

Letter etc.,

authorizing its representative to attend

the AGM through VC / OAVM on its behalf

and to cast its vote through remote

e-voting together with attested specimen

signature(s)

of

the

duly

authorised

representative(s), to the Scrutinizer at

email

id

scrutinizer.sba@gmail.com

with a copy marked to evoting@kfintech.

com. The scanned image of the above-

mentioned documents should be in the

naming format “Corporate Name_Even No.

(B) Members whose email IDs are not registered

with the Company/Depository Participants(s), and

consequently the Annual Report, Notice of AGM

and e-voting instructions cannot be serviced will

have to follow the following process:

i.

Member may send an e-mail request at

the email id einward.ris@kfintech.com

along with scanned copy of the signed

copy of the request: letter providing the

email address, mobile number, self-

attested PAN copy and Client Master copy

in case of electronic folio and copy of

share certificate in case of physical folio

for sending the Annual report, Notice of

AGM and the e-voting instructions.

ii.

After receiving the e-voting instructions,

please follow all steps above to cast your

vote by electronic means.

Details on Step 3 are mentioned below:

III) Instructions for all the shareholders, including

Individual, other than Individual and Physical, for

attending the AGM of the Company through VC/

OAVM and e-Voting during the meeting.

i.

Member will be provided with a facility to attend

the AGM through VC / OAVM platform provided

by KFintech. Members may access the same

at https://emeetings.kfintech.com/ by using

the e-voting login credentials provided in the

email received from the Company/KFintech.

After logging in, click on the Video Conference

tab and select the EVEN of the Company. Click

on the video symbol and accept the meeting

etiquettes to join the meeting. Please note that

the members who do not have the User ID and

Password for e-Voting or have forgotten the

User ID and Password may retrieve the same

by following the remote e-Voting instructions

mentioned above.

ii.

Facility for joining AGM though VC/ OAVM

shall open atleast 15 minutes before the

commencement of the Meeting.

iii. Members are encouraged to join the Meeting

through Laptops/ Desktops with Google

Chrome (preferred browser), Safari, Internet

Explorer, Microsoft Edge, Mozilla Firefox 22.

iv. Members will be required to grant access to

the webcam to enable VC / OAVM. Further,

Members connecting from Mobile Devices

or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via

Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/Video

loss due to fluctuation in their respective

network. It is therefore recommended to use

Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate any

kind of aforesaid glitches.

v.

The Members who have not cast their vote

through remote e-voting shall be eligible

to cast their vote through e-voting system

available during the AGM. E-voting during the

AGM is integrated with the VC / OAVM platform.

The Members may click on the voting icon

displayed on the screen to cast their votes.

10

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

30th AGM Notice 2022-23

Dear Shareholders,

I personally believe,

not all headwinds are

challenges but all

challenges contain

within it a scope of

opportunity and growth.

At Dixon, we strongly

rely on our ability to

overcome or conquer

any situation to uncover

WHAT’s NEXT! The year

under review has been

yet another remarkable

year for Dixon, wherein

we continued to grow

our existing businesses

and explored newer

opportunities in the

backdrop of a dynamic

macroeconomic

scenario.

Macroeconomic environment

The global economic growth was

significantly hindered in the year

gone by, however amid a number of

challenges, the Indian economy has

remained resilient on account of its

strong macroeconomic fundamentals.

It is also placed well ahead of other

emerging market economies and is

been viewed as silver lining among the

global slowdown.

India has also demonstrated huge

potential as an export hub and

investment destination for the

manufacturing and services sector. The

Government of India has introduced

multiple reforms in the form of

changes to FDI policy and introduction

of Production Linked Incentive (PLI)

Scheme to boost economic growth

in the short-term, especially in the

manufacturing sector.

While, the production-linked incentive

scheme has been hugely beneficial

for certain sectors like smartphone

manufacturing, as an industry, we

need to start looking beyond that: The

sector needs to start becoming more

self-reliant. To this end, we believe that

the sector and Dixon will have to invest

heavily in research and development

and in the component ecosystem, which

needs a drastic transformation.

With India aiming to grow its exports

to $100 billion in the next five years

from the current $10 billion, we

strongly believe that our country’s

design-led manufacturing has a major

role to play in strengthening the

country’s manufacturing sector and

boost exports. Besides, design-led

manufacturing also helps develop

eco-friendly and resource-efficient

products, driving sustainable

development.

We will strive to continue to stay at the

forefront of this evolving manufacturing

industry landscape. By leveraging our

design capabilities to offer tailored

solutions and drive innovation, we are

looking forward to meeting the evolving

requirements of our customers.

Reinforcing competitiveness

In today’s macroeconomic environment,

aggressive go-to-market strategies are

imminent. Our business is not immune

to economic uncertainty. It affects us as

well as our customers and end-users.

Thus, at Dixon, we are focussed on

enhancing productivity through prudent

investments in new and existing

businesses. It not only allows us to

ensure strong returns but, also forms

the foundation for a healthy balance

sheet. Additionally, we are prioritising

continued growth through strategic

capex allocation, strengthening R&D

efforts and being cautious about our

environmental footprint.

The government’s initiatives for making

India a global manufacturing hub for

electronics have also encouraged us

to consistently upgrade our capability

and fortify our position as a leading

manufacturing service provider in

the electronic space. We have also

relentlessly pursued technological

changes to keep up with an evolving

business environment. It lends us an

opportunity to diversify our offerings

and strengthen operations.

Factors such as our integrated

manufacturing facilities, cost

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

10

11

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

It’s been a little more than five

years since Dixon got listed.

How would you summarise

the growth of the Company

during this period?

The past five years have not been easy

for any company, especially due to the

unpredicted and unexpected challenges

posed by the pandemic or geopolitical

tension and its consequences in the

form of rising inflation levels and

reduced purchasing power. At Dixon,

we have executed a consistently

differentiated strategy for enhancing our

manufacturing scale, diversifying our

offerings and relentlessly focusing on

being a one-stop-solution for customers.

And today, I am pleased to report that

Dixon’s net worth is more than

H 1,285 Crores. It has also become one

of the largest home-grown electronics

contract manufacturers. In terms of

revenue, our consolidated revenue

from operations has grown from

H 2,853 Crores on 31st March 2018 to

H 12,192 Crores on 31st March 2023,

grown at a 34% CAGR . Moreover, in

terms of market capitalisation, we

have grown from H 3,715 Crores on

31st March 2018 to H 17,043 Crores

on 31st March 2023, Grown at a 36%

CAGR. In terms of scale, we have

grown from 9 manufacturing facilities

offering products to 21 integrated

facilities delivering products across

multiple segments.

Can you please walk us

through the major highlights

for the year under review?

In fiscal year 2022-23, Dixon’s

business environment remained

challenging. Despite adversities, we

registered a growth of 14% in our

consolidated revenue which stood

at H 12,198 Crores in FY 2022-23 as

compared to H 10,701 Crores in FY

2021-22. Our EBITDA grew from

H 383 Crores in FY 2021-22 to H 518

Crores in FY 2022-23, a growth of

35%. Our PAT grew by 34% YoY to H

256 Crores in the current year as

compared to H 190 Crores in the

previous year.

investment in FY 22-23 under PLI for

LED Lighting components

Our new state of the art facility for

Semi-Automatic Washing Machine in

Dehradun will be operational by July

2023, also in line with our Backward

Integration strategy we have set

up our own Tool Room for in-house

Mould Manufacturing

In the mobile phone segment, we

are in the process of concluding

with a few major brands present

both globally & domestic. Also, we

are working towards increasing our

manufacturing capacity. In addition

to this, we are on the verge of

finalizing two large relationship with

the largest global brand in India. The

relationship with one of the brand

is joint manufacturing. We are likely

to start operations for the same

during fiscal year 2023-24 for which

a new facility of 320,000 square feet

is in the process of being set up in

Noida, which will become operational

by end of Q2- FY24.In the Security

surveillance system segment, we

have expanded our capacity and

have, therefore, relocated our facility

from Tirupati to a 200,000 square

feet facility at Kadapa, Kopparthi

Electronic Manufacturing Cluster.

We have also received a large order

of set-top boxes from our anchor

customer and its production is

expected to start of Q2 of current

fiscal year 2023-24. We are also

actively engaging with some of the

largest global brands for enhancing

the existing product portfolio and

introduction of new categories.

In the wearables and hearables

segment, we are working on adding

newer SKUs such as Bluetooth

speakers and smart watches alongside

TWS and neck bands.

Through a comprehensive strategy

that includes various layers,

long-term initiatives, and strategic

partnerships, we have successfully

increased our renewable energy

share by 7.1% of our total energy

usage.

We have made substantial

progress in adopting renewable

energy solutions, specifically

through the installation of rooftop

solar panels, to decrease our

dependence on traditional energy

sources. To facilitate this initiative,

we have implemented the OPEX

(operational expenditure) model for

solar power system deployment.

Given our people are of utmost

importance, we maintain a continual

focus on their development. In

alignment with this commitment,

we have allocated H 6.38 Lakhs

this year towards their growth and

advancement.

In our endeavor to make a positive

impact on our communities,

we have made a substantial

investment of H 3.8 Crores in

areas such as skill development,

environmental sustainability,

education, and healthcare.

Through these initiatives, we

aim to contribute towards the

betterment of our communities

and foster their long-term growth.

We have also ramped up our R&D efforts

to introduce new products as well as

to explore opportunities of backward

integration. To strengthen export orders,

we are also proudly partnering with

leading brands across the globe.

Dixon has been entering

various new joint ventures and

expanding to newer segments.

Can you please shed some

light on that as well?

At Dixon, we believe it is integral to

collaborate with customers, suppliers

and other key stakeholders to

accelerate our growth cycle. This will

not only enable us to diversify our

offerings but, also helps us to gain

insight into newer technologies and

attain operational efficiency.

During the year under review, we

entered into a Term sheet with

Mega Alliance Holdings Ltd, a part

of the Tinno Group for prospective

Joint venture arrangement for

And today, I am

pleased to report

that Dixon’s net

worth is more

than J 12,850

million. It has also

become one of the

largest homegrown

electronics contract

manufacturers.

designing and manufacturing of

mobile communication equipment

and related solutions in India.

Through this joint venture, we

propose to undertake research and

development, product designing

and maintain the supply chain of

multiple product categories including

smartphones, IT hardware products,

IoT-based products and other similar

devices that facilitate voice and data

communication in domestic and

international markets.

During the year under review,

Our JV with Rexxam, Japan to

manufacture Printed Circuit boards

for air conditioners based out of our

new manufacturing facility in Noida

whose operations have commenced

in July, 2022 under the PLI scheme.

We intend to invest H 51 Crores over

a period of 5 years. We have achieved

the capex thresholds under the PLI

scheme in FY 2022-23

Given the increasing demand

in the refrigerator segment,

the construction of the new

manufacturing facility in Greater

Noida with a capacity of 1.2 million

direct cool refrigerators, is under

way. We plan to manufacture DC

refrigerators of various sizes, ranging

190 litres/ 235 litres with multiple

features and have received positive

response from domestic as well as

international brands. The product

trials are expected to start from the

next fiscal year.

What next and new can we

expect from Dixon in the year

ahead?

Going forward, we are committed

for investment in new businesses

and diversify our current offerings.

We will continue to work towards

strengthening our financial & creating

value for all our stakeholders. We

believe, Dixon now is poised to take

the leap forward and attain greater

heights of success.

Mr. Atul B Lall

Vice Chairman and: Managing

Dear Shareholders,

For Dixon Technologies

(India) Limited, the

focus has always been

on ensuring Corporate

governance and

creating and sustaining

a deep relationship with

all the stakeholders. The

norms and processes of

corporate governance

reflect our commitment

to make timely

disclosures and share

accurate information

regarding our financial

and operational

performance.

Our human capital is

the cornerstone of our

success at DIXON. We

are proud to announce

that we have been

honoured as winners

of the “North India

Best Employer Brand

Awards 2022” by the

jury council of the World

HRD Congress & World

Leadership Congress

and a great place to

work till November,

2023 . Through our

efforts, we have

prioritized employee

experience, professional

growth, and compliance

standards at Dixon

Technologies.

and creating diverse opportunities

for development, ensuring long-term

prosperity and well-being.

Furthermore, we believe in the principle

of transparency and accountability and

thus have been reporting on our overall

performance year on year basis in

our integrated report. From this year

onwards, as per the SEBI mandate,

we have also started reporting on

our ESG parameters in the Business

Responsibility and Sustainability Report

(BRSR). We are pleased to share our first

BRSR with our stakeholders from this

year onwards.

In conclusion, I would like to express my

sincere appreciation to our employees

for their dedication and resilience,

which have been instrumental in our

achievements. I extend my gratitude

to our esteemed shareholders for

their trust and support, which have

contributed to our progress.

Looking ahead, we remain committed

to fostering a work environment that

nurtures talent, encourages innovation,

and values diversity and inclusion. We

will continue to invest in our employees’

well-being, professional development,

and growth opportunities. With your

continued support, we are confident

in delivering exceptional value to all

stakeholders and achieving sustained

success in the years to come.

Regards,

Mr. Ashish Kumar

Chief Legal Counsel & Group Company

Secretary (KMP)

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

19

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

Annual Report 2022-23

18:

Managing Director - Mr. Atul Lall for his

exceptional leadership skills and his contribution to the transformation of the

Indian Electronics and Appliances Industry.

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited has been

awarded as the NORTH INDIA BEST EMPLOYER

BRAND AWARD 2022 at the 17th Employer

Branding Awards.

Certifications

Location

ISO

9001:2015

ISO

14001:2015

ISO

27001:2018

ISO

45001:2015

ISO

50000

ESD $20:20

RBA VAP

Washing Machine

(Dehradun)

Washing Machine

(Tirupati)

AIL Dixon (CCTV)

Sec-63 (Mobile, Router,

STB & Laptop)

Sec-60 (Mobile)

Ludhiana

TV/Monitor

Dixon - Noida (B14&15)

Dixon Noida (A163A)

Dixon - DDN

Dixon Noida C-33

Sec-90 (Mobile)

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

40

41

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director and overseen by

the Risk Management Committee and

Board of Directors of the Company.

Every half year a meeting of the Risk

Management Committee is conducted,

which is presided by our Vice Chairman

&: Managing

Managing Director

Dr. Manuji Zarabi

Independent Director

Mr. Sunil Vachani

Executive Chairman

Ms. Poornima Shenoy

Independent Director

Dr. Rakesh Mohan

Independent Director

Audit Committee

Committees

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

Risk Management Committee

Nomination and Remuneration Committee

Stakeholders Relationship Committee

Chairperson

Member

governance

governance

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

47:

Managing Director

Mr. Ashish Kumar

Chief Legal Counsel &

Group Company Secretary

Mr. Kamlesh Kumar

Mishra

President- Mobile

Mr. Rajeev Lonial

President & COO

(Home Appliances)

Mr. Arjun Singh

Chief Human Resource

Officer (CHRO)

Committees of the Board of directors

Audit Committee

The Audit committee supervises the

company’s financial reporting and

pertinent disclosures to make sure

the financial statements are thorough,

credible, and well-founded. The Audit

Committee also reviews the internal

audits on a regular basis to make sure

all internal control mechanisms are

operating as intended and to keep the

Board of Directors informed.

Nomination & Remuneration

Committee

The Company has a Nomination and

remuneration committee comprising 4

members which includes 1 Executive

Director and 3 Non-Executive Directors.

The Committee functions in compliance

with the provisions mandated under the

Companies Act 2013 and SEBI Listing

Regulations 2015. The responsibility

of the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee inter-alia is to identify and

recommend to the Board individuals

from the Company who are qualified to

become a Director or part of the Senior

Management.

Corporate Social Responsibility

Committee

The Composition of the Corporate Social

Responsibility committee includes 2

executive directors and 1 non-executive

director. The committee oversees the

discharge of CSR obligations under

Section 135 of the Companies Act

2013 and rules made thereunder. The

Committee is responsible for inter-alia,

formulating the CSR policy as provided

under the Act and Rules, recommending

the key activities to be undertaken by the

Company and the amount of expenditure

to be allocated to the CSR activities and

monitoring its progress.

Risk Management Committee

The Company has in pursuance to the

provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations

set up a Risk Management Committee.

The role and terms of reference of

Risk Management Committee covers

areas as mentioned under SEBI Listing

Regulations/and Section 178 of the

Companies Act, 2013 as amended from

time to time and rules related thereto/

other SEBI Laws/Regulations, and others

laws as applicable from time to time,

or as may be delegated by Board of

Directors from time to time.

Stakeholder Relationship

Committee

The Board has a Stakeholder

Relationship Committee to look into

various aspects of the stakeholder’s

interests. The Company also has a

framework that outlines the different

channel/medium of communication to be

used to engage with the stakeholders of

the Company to redress their grievances

and incorporate their views and desires

in the overall business strategy.

The detailed composition

of the Committees is

mentioned on

pg no: 47

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

48

49

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

Dr. Manuji Zarabi

Independent Director

Mr. Manoj Maheshwari

Independent Director

Ms. Poornima Shenoy

Independent Director

Mr. Keng Tsung Kuo

Independent Director

Dr. Rakesh Mohan

Independent Director

Key Managerial Personnel

Mr. Sunil Vachani

Executive Chairman

Mr. Atul B. Lall

Vice Chairman &: Managing

Dear Member(s),

Your Directors take immense pleasure in presenting the 30th Annual Report on the business and operations of your Company along

with the Audited Standalone & Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31st March, 2023. The consolidated performance

of the Company, its Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures have been referred to wherever required.

Financial Summary / Performance of the Company (Standalone & Consolidated)

The Company’s financial results are as under:

Overview and State of Company’s Affairs

Despite challenges in the macro environment, India emerged as

one of the fastest growing developing economies in the world,

demonstrating tremendous resilience amidst crisis. Due to easing

of mobility restrictions, wide coverage of vaccination drives and

prudent efforts by the RBI to contain inflation, the economy remained

well on track to rebound growth. Additionally, accommodating fiscal

and monetary policies by the government and strong emphasis on

asset creation and infrastructure development offered significant

impetus for further growth. Although the unorganized sector

continued to witness some uncertainty, corporate profits during the

year remained particularly promising.

While supply-side imbalances are still prevalent, your Company

responded to supply chain disruptions with agility and

successfully drove revenue growth in the year under review.

As consumer spending improved, the Company noticed strong

demand for the products and the trend is expected to continue

in the upcoming quarters as well. But, the ODM business is likely

to experience marginal pressures due to increased commodity

and freight costs.

Your

Company

has

been

constantly

working

towards

accomplishing its vision of being the most preferred & trusted

manufacturing & solution partner to brands operating across

verticals. Your Company has carved out a firm place in the Indian

EMS industry. During the year under review, we acquired new

customers and increased the scope of work with the existing

customers across almost all verticals. This has enabled us to

strengthen our market share and giving us an edge over our

competitors. Moreover, your Company’s strong balance sheet

and liquidity position has enabled us to capitalize on growing

market opportunities across all verticals.

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

73:

Managing Director was liable to retire by rotation

and being eligible offered himself for re-appointment and he

was suitable appointed by the shareholders at the 29th Annual

General Meeting.

Key Managerial Personnel (“KMPs”)

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 203 of the Act, as on 31st

March, 2023 Mr. Sunil Vachani, Executive Chairman & Whole Time

Director, Mr. Atul B Lall, Vice Chairman &: Managing Director, Mr.

Saurabh Gupta, Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Ashish Kumar,

Chief Legal Counsel & Group Company Secretary of the Company

are the KMPs of your Company.

There was no change in the KMP of the Company during the

period under review.

Directors Liable to Retire by Rotation

In accordance with the provisions of the Act, not less than

2/3rd (Two-third) of the total number of Directors (other than

Independent Directors) shall be liable to retire by rotation.

Accordingly, pursuant to the Act read with Articles of Association

of your Company, Mr. Sunil Vachani (DIN: 00025431) is liable

to retire by rotation and, being eligible, offers himself for re-

appointment.

Declaration of Independent Directors of the

Company

As on date of this report, the Board comprises of 7 (seven)

Directors. The composition includes 5 (five) Independent

Directors. All the Independent Directors are appointed on

the Board of your Company in compliance with the applicable

provisions of the Act and SEBI Listing Regulations.

Your Company has received declarations from all the Independent

Directors confirming that they meet/continue to meet, as the

case may be, the criteria of Independence under sub-section

(6) of section 149 of the Act and Regulation 16(1) (b) of the SEBI

Listing Regulations.

Also, the Independent Directors have complied with the Code

for Independent Directors prescribed in Schedule IV of the Act

and have confirmed that they are in compliance with the Code

of Conduct for Directors and Senior Management personnel

formulated by the Company.

The Independent Directors have also confirmed that their names

are registered in the databank as mentioned by the Indian

Institute of Corporate Affairs (“IICA”).

Familiarization Programme for the Independent

Directors

In compliance with the requirements of the SEBI Listing

Regulations, your Company has put in place a familiarization

programme for the Independent Directors to familiarize them

with their roles, rights and responsibility as Directors, working

of the Company, nature of the industry in which the Company

operates, business model etc. The details of the familiarization

programme are explained in the Corporate Governance Report.

The same is also available on the website of the Company and

can be accessed at web link https://dixoninfo.com/json/dixon/

codes-policy/Familiarization%20Programme%20For%20

Independent%20Directors.pdf.

Board and Director’s Evaluation

Pursuant to the provisions of the Act and the SEBI Listing

Regulations, Annual evaluation of the Board, its Committees

and individual directors has been carried out on the basis of

Guidance Note on Board Evaluation issued by Securities and

Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”).

To facilitate the evaluation process, Board and its Committee’s

self-evaluation questionnaires were circulated to the Board

members and respective Committee members and an online

link was also provided to the Board members and respective

Committee members wherein an option was provided to the

Board and committee members to fill in the said questionnaires

online.

Basis the results of the aforesaid questionnaire and feedback

received from the Directors and respective Committee members,

the performance evaluation of the Independent Directors

were carried out by the entire Board excluding the Director

being evaluated. The performance evaluation of the Executive

Managing Director of the

Company has been bestowed with the ‘Man of Electronics Award,

2022’ by CEAMA.

Particulars of Employees and Remuneration

The disclosures pertaining to remuneration and other details

of Directors and employees as required under Section 197(12)

of the Act read with Rule 5 of the Companies (Appointment and

Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 have been

provided in the annexure forming part of this report. Having

regard to the provisions of Section 136(1) read with relevant

provisions of the Act, the Annual Report excluding the aforesaid

information is being sent to the members of the Company. The

said information is available for inspection at the Registered

Office of the Company during working hours and any member

interested in obtaining such information may write to the

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

83:

Managing Director

Place: Noida

DIN:00025431

DIN:00781436

84

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

Annual Report 2022-23:

letter of even date which is

annexed as Annexure A and Forms an integral part of this report.

92

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

Annual Report 2022-23:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an

opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness

of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in

secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of the financial statements of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the management representation about the compliances of laws, rules and regulations and

happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of the corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of

the management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness

with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Shirin Bhatt & Associates

Company Secretaries

Firm Registration No. S2011DE162600

Shirin Bhatt

Proprietor

Place: Greater Noida

C.P. No. 9150

Date: 25-07-2023

M. No. F8273

UDIN:F008273E000661926

PR No. 1209/2021

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

93:

letter of even date which is

annexed as Annexure A and Forms an integral part of this report.

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

95:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an

opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness

of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in

secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of the financial statements of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the management representation about the compliances of laws, rules and regulations and

happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of the corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of

the management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness

with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Shirin Bhatt & Associates

Company Secretaries

Firm Registration No. S2011DE162600

Shirin Bhatt

Place: Greater Noida

Proprietor

Date: 24-07-2023

C.P. No. 9150

UDIN: F008273E000661915

M.No. F8273

PR. No. 1209/2021

96

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director)

Date: 25th July, 2023

DIN:00025431

DIN:00781436

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

99:

Managing Director

Telephone: 0120-4737200

Email: atullall@dixoninfo.com

9.

Does the entity have a specified Committee of the

Board/ Director responsible for decision making

on sustainability related issues? (Yes / No). If yes,

provide details.

The Board of Directors of the Company at it's meeting held on 25th July,

2023 constituted an ESG Committee for implementation and oversight

of the sustainability and ESG related issues / strategy.

10. Details of Review of NGRBCs by the Company:

Subject for Review

Indicate whether review was undertaken by Director / Committee of

the Board/ Any other Committee

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

Performance against above policies and follow up

action and frequency of review for performance

against above policies and follow up action

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

The Company is implementing and adhering to all the policies in

accordance with the applicable laws and regulations. These policies

are also reviewed on an as-needed basis by the Board of Directors

and/or its committees with the aim of streamlining and establishing

sustainable measures in place for the company.

Compliance with statutory requirements of relevance

to the principles, and rectification of any non-

compliances and frequency of review

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

The Company complies with all the regulatory and legal requirements

and is periodically evaluated by the respective Board committees or

Board of Directors. The Company ensures that it has implemented

policies to address its significant material areas such as environmental

protection, employee health and safety etc.

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

11. Has the entity carried out independent assessment/

evaluation of the working of its policies by an external

agency?

No, The Company has various policies in place which are reviewed

periodically by the Board and it's Committees.

114

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

Date: 25th July, 2023

DIN:00025431

DIN:00781436

(c) Total

H:

1302

Lakhs

(Previous

year

–

H : 602 Lakhs)

(d) Total R & D expenditures as a percentage of total

turnovers : 0.19% (Previous year – : 0.08%)

c. Foreign exchange earnings and Outgo:

The Foreign Exchange earned in terms of actual inflows

during the year and the Foreign Exchange outgo during the

year in terms of actual outflows as under:

Foreign Exchange Outgo (H in Lakhs):

Particulars

2022-23

2021-22

CIF VALUE OF IMPORTS GOODS

3,48,227

4,43,484

EXPENDINTURE IN FOREIGN

CURRENCY

348

201

Total

3,48,575

4,43,685

Foreign Exchange Earnings (J in Lakhs):

Particulars

2022-23

2021-22

Export (FOB Basis) -

753

579

144

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

Annual Report 2022-23:

letter and spirit.

c.

Regular and timely meetings of various committees of the

Board viz. Audit, Nomination & Remuneration Committee,

Stakeholders Relationship, Corporate Social Responsibility,

Risk Management Committee, and a separate meeting of

Independent Directors.

d.

A day long strategy meeting wherein all Business Heads

present their strategy and annual operational plans before

the Board to give them perspective and strategy of their

businesses.

e.

Performance evaluation of Board, Board’s Committees,

all Directors including Chairman and Vice Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

Nil

Nil

Dr. Manuji Zarabi

6

Present

Nil

4

Dixon Technologies (India)

Limited- Independent Director

Nil

Nil

Ms. Poornima Shenoy

4

Present

100 ; Negligible

%

3

Dixon Technologies (India)

Limited- Independent Director

Nil

1

Mr. Manoj Maheshwari

6

Present

Nil

Nil

Dixon Technologies (India)

Limited- Independent Director

Nil

Nil

Mr. Keng Tsung Kuo

6

Present

Nil

2

Dixon Technologies (India)

Limited- Independent Director

Nil

Nil

Dr. Rakesh Mohan

5

Present

Nil

Nil

Dixon Technologies (India)

Limited- Independent Director

Nil

Nil

^In accordance with Regulation 26 of SEBI Listing Regulations, chairmanship/committee membership of Audit Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee of other

public limited companies only has been considered.

# Directorships/partnerships positions held in non-profit organisations and partnerships firms are not considered.

154

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

Mr. Manoj Maheshwari

Non-Executive & Independent Director

Ms. Poornima Shenoy

Non-Executive & Independent Director

Dr. Manuji Zarabi

Non-Executive & Independent Director

Qualification

Master’s Degree in Management Studies

from the Birla Institute of Technology

and Science, Pilani

Experience

More than three decades of experience

in the EMS industry

Qualification

Doctor of Philosophy from the Indian

Institute of Science, Bangalore

Experience

He has more than 3 decades of experience

in the field of electronics and retired as

Chairman cum: Managing

managing director

and submitting their recommendations to the Board;

3.

Formulation of criteria for evaluation of performance of

independent directors and the Board;

4.

Identifying persons who are qualified to become

directors and who may be appointed in senior

management in accordance with the criteria laid down,

and recommending to the Board, their appointment

and removal and shall carry out evaluation of every

director’s performance;

5.

Recommend to the Board, all remuneration, in whatever

form, payable to the senior Management.

6.

Whether to extend or continue the term of appointment

of ID on the basis of performance evaluation.

Board Evaluation Process

The Board had carried out an annual evaluation of its

own performance and of its committees as well as the

performance of each individual Directors. Board Evaluation

Criteria Feedback was sought based on the evaluation

criteria approved by the NRC for evaluating the performance

of the Board, its committees and individual directors.

The Executive Chairman, Vice Chairman & MD and the

Independent Directors were evaluated on the following

parameters.

1.

The Board – Board Administration, Overall Board

Effectiveness, Governance and Compliance, Member

Effectiveness, Ethics, Chairman, Board Committees,

Meeting through Video Conferencing, Miscellaneous.

2.

Board

committees

–

Committee

Effectiveness

Component including the frequency of the meetings,

the chairperson of the Committee, the time allotted for

agenda items, proper agenda papers and other required

documents, healthy debates and discussions, action

taken points from the previous committee meetings,

information flow, recommendations to the Board, etc.

3.

Executive Directors – Attendance at the meetings,

engagement with fellow Board members, employees,

strategy making, risk management, management of

the company and its employees during the ongoing

pandemic situation etc.

4.

The Chairman – Leadership of the Board, promoting

effective participation of all Board members in the

decision-making process, encouraging deliberations on

important matters etc.

5.

Independent Directors – Independence from the

Company,

exercising

independent

judgement

in

decision-making, contributing strongly to the objectivity

of the Board’s deliberations based on their external

expertise, attendance at meetings etc.

In order to ensure confidentiality, the Board's evaluation

was undertaken by way of a questionnaire through an online

tool by an independent agency. All the directors participated

in the evaluation process. The responses received from the

Board members were compiled by an independent agency

and a consolidated report was submitted by the agency to

the Board through the Company Secretary.

The evaluation report was also discussed at the meeting

of the Board of Directors. The Board deliberated over the

suggestions and inputs to augment its own effectiveness

and optimise the individual strengths of the directors. The

directors were satisfied with the Company’s standard of

governance, its transparency, meeting practices and overall

Board effectiveness.

The suggestions given by the Independent Directors were

duly incorporated.

Succession Planning

The NRC had reviewed the succession planning of top

leadership positions in the Company. While undertaking said

review the leadership competencies required for orderly

succession planning was considered by the NRC.

C

Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee:

The Board has constituted Stakeholder’s Relationship

Committee pursuant to Section 178 of the Act and Regulation

20 of the SEBI Listing Regulations to look into the redressal

of grievances of shareholders and other security holders, if

any. The Committee overseas the resolution of grievances of

the security holders of your Company including complaints

related to transfer of shares, non-receipt of annual report or

non- receipt of declared dividends.

Composition, Meetings and Attendance during the Year

The Composition of the Stakeholder Relationship Committee

is in line with the requirements of section 178 of the Act and

the SEBI Listing Regulations. During the financial year under

review, 4 (four) meetings of the Stakeholder’s Relationship

Committee were held i.e. on 30th May, 2022, 27th July, 2022,

20th October, 2022 and 25th January, 2023. The details of the

composition, meetings and attendance of the Stakeholder’s

Relationship Committee are given hereunder:

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

159:

Managing Director

4

4

The Company Secretary of the Company acts as the Secretary to the Committee.

Brief Description of Terms of Reference

Terms of Reference of Stakeholder Relationship Committee,

inter alia, include the following:

1.

Collecting and analyzing reports received periodically

from the Registrar and the Share Transfer Agent (“RTA”)

on the following:

a.

Complaints regarding non-receipt of the shares,

debentures, deposit receipt, declared dividend or

interest;

b.

Complaints of investors routed by the SEBI or Stock

Exchanges and others;

c.

Transfer,

sub-division,

consolidation,

split,

exchange, endorsement, transmission of share

certificates and transposition of share certificates;

d.

Issue of share certificates, debenture certificates,

duplicate share or debenture certificates in lieu of

lost/ torn/ mutilated/ defaced certificates;

e.

Requests relating to de-materialization and re-

materialization of shares;

f.

Requests relating to modes of paying the dividend

i.e. through electronic clearing service, RTGS and

issue of dividend warrant for dividend payment/

interest etc.; and

g.

Complaints related to allotment of shares, transfer

or transmission of shares, debentures or any

other securities, non-receipt of annual report and

non-receipt of declared dividends or any other

document or information to be sent by our Company

to its shareholders.

2.

To redress other grievances of shareholders, debenture

holders and other security holders;

3.

Scrutinizing other matters related to or arising out of

shareholders/ investors services including preparation

and approval of periodical reports.

4.

Resolving the grievances of the security holders of the

Listed entity including complaints related to transfer/

transmission of shares, non-receipt of annual report,

non-receipt of declared dividends, issue of new/

duplicate certificates, general meetings etc.

5.

Review of the various measures and initiatives taken by

the listed entity for reducing the quantum on unclaimed

dividends and ensuring timely receipt of dividend

warrants/annual reports/statutory notices by the

shareholders of the Company.

6.

Review of measures taken for effective exercise of

voting rights by shareholders.

7.

Review of adherence to the service standards adopted

by the listed entity in respect of various services being

rendered by the Registrar & Share Transfer Agent.

Status of Complaints during FY 2022-23

The number of complaints received and resolved to the

satisfaction of investors during the year under review and

their break-up are as under:

Particulars

Number of

Complaints

Investor queries/complaints pending at the

beginning of the Year -1st April, 2022

NIL

Investor queries/complaints received

during the Year

13

Investor queries/complaints disposed of

during the Year

13

Investor queries/complaints remaining

unresolved at the end of Year - 31st March,

2023

NIL

The total no. of Shareholders as on 31st March, 2023 stood at

3,67,727 as compared to 3,79,160 as of 31st March, 2022.

Also, the Company as per SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/

MIRSD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2023/37 dated 16th March, 2023 (in

supersession of earlier SEBI circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/

MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2021/655 dated 3rd November, 2021

read with Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/

CIR/2021/687 dated 14th December, 2021) has requested

the shareholders holding shares in physical mode to furnish

PAN, KYC details and linking of PAN and Aadhar. The said

intimation has also been uploaded on the Company’s

website.

160

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

Annual Report 2022-23:

letter either by email or

by SMS’s to all the investors who holds the shares in physical

form, creating awareness amongst the investors about the

availability of Dispute resolution mechanism at the stock

exchanges against the listed entities/RTA. The Company has

already circulated such intimation: letter to all the shareholders

of the Company holding shares in physical form complying with

the aforesaid provisions of the circular and action taken report

has been submitted to SEBI citing compliance of the provisions

of the Circular on 27th February, 2023.

Details of the Compliance officer of your Company:

Name: Mr. Ashish Kumar

Designation: Chief Legal Counsel & Group Company Secretary

E-mail id: investorrelations@dixoninfo.com

D

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

The Corporate Social Responsibility Committee has been

constituted in accordance with the requirements of the

Act. The Committee recommends the Corporate Social

Responsibility projects to be undertaken by the Company

and also monitors its implementation status.

Composition, Meetings and Attendance during the Year

The Corporate Social Responsibility Committee has been

constituted as per the provisions of the Act. During the

Financial Year under review, 4 (Four) meetings of the

Committee were held i.e. on 30th May, 2022, 27th July, 2022,

20th October, 2022 and 25th January, 2023. The details of

the composition, meetings and attendance of the Corporate

Social Responsibility Committee are given hereunder:

Details of Corporate Social Responsibility Committee meetings held during the financial year ended 31st March, 2023:

Name of Director

Position in the

Committee

Designation

Corporate Social

Responsibility Committee

Meetings entitled to attend

Meetings Attended

Mr. Sunil Vachani

Managing Director

The Company Secretary of the Company acts as the Secretary to the Committee

G

Share Allotment Committee

The Board had constituted the Share Allotment Committee on 31st October, 2018. The said Committee is authorized for allotment

of shares, in one or more tranches, to the employees of the Company pursuant to exercise of the options vested with them in

accordance with the DIXON ESOP Schemes. During the year under review, 2 (Two) meetings of the Share Allotment Committee

were held i.e. on 15th November, 2022 and 7th December, 2022.

Name of Director

Position in the

Committee

Designation

Share Allotment

Committee Meetings

entitled to attend

Meetings Attended

Mr. Sunil Vachani

Member

Executive Chairman

7

7

Mr. Atul B. Lall

Member: Managing

Managing Director

2

2

Mr. Manoj Maheshwari

Member

Independent Director

2

1

Research and Development Committee

The Board at its meeting held on 30th October, 2020,

approved the constitution of Research and Development

Committee to provide for more focus on innovative, design

oriented and technology-backed solutions to leading

domestic and international brands resting on the Company’s

manufacturing capabilities.

Composition, Meetings and Attendance during the Year

The Research and Development Committee comprises of Dr.

Manuji Zarabi, Independent Director who is the Chairman

of the said Committee and Mr. Atul B. Lall, Vice Chairman &: Managing

letter which prescribes that any Independent

Director may resign from his office subject to reasonable

written notice to the Board. The Company does not pay any

severance fees or any such payment to the Directors.

General Body Meetings

Annual General Meetings

The date, time, location of Annual General Meetings held during last three years and the special resolutions passed there at are as

follows:

Details of Annual General Meetings

Financial

Year

Date and

Time

Venue

Special Resolution Passed

2019-20

29th

September,

2020 at

03.00 P.M.

Held through Video Conferencing pursuant

to General Circular Nos.14/2020, 17/2020

and 20/2020 dated 8th April 2020, 13th April

2020 and 5th May 2020, respectively, issued

by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA

Circulars”) and Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/

CMD1/CIR/P/2020/79 dated 12th May 2020

issued by the Securities and Exchange

Board of India

a. Variation in the terms of the Object of the public issue

as stated in the prospectus of the company dated 11th

September, 2017

b. To approve raising of funds in one or more tranches, by

issuance of securities by way of private offerings, qualified

institutions placements and or any combination thereof or

any other method as may be permitted under applicable

law for an amount not exceeding H200 Crores

c. Approval of Dixon Technologies India Limited – Employee

Stock Option Plan- 2020 (“Dixon ESOP 2020”)

d. Grant of Stock Options to the Employees of Indian

Subsidiary Companies under DIXON Technologies India

Limited – Employee Stock Option Plan, 2020 (“DIXON ESOP

2020”)

(H in Lakhs)

Name of Director

Fixed Salary

Bonus /

Performance

Linked

Incentive

Sitting Fee

Commission

Perquisite

value of

Stock

Options

Total

Basic

Salary and

allowances

Perquisites

Others Total Fixed

Salary

Mr. Sunil Vachani

283

-

-

283

-

-

594

-

877

Mr. Atul B. Lall

280

-

-

280

-

-

594

1169

2043

The details of remuneration paid to each of the Directors during the year ended 31st March, 2023 are given below:

Details of Remuneration of Directors:

164

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director of

the Company

c. Increase in the limit of managerial remuneration payable

to Mr. Atul B. Lall

d. To approve raising of funds in one or more tranches, by

issuance of securities by way of private offerings, qualified

institutions placement(s) and/or any combination thereof

or any other method as may be permitted under applicable

law for an amount not exceeding H 500 Crores

2021-22

23rd August

2022 at

03.00 P.M

Held through Video Conferencing pursuant

to General Circular no. 20/2020 dated 5th

May, 2020, 02/2021 dated January 13, 2021,

19/2021 dated 8th December, 2021,21/2021

dated 14th December, 2021 and 02/2022

dated 5th May, 2022 issued by the MCA

(“MCA Circulars”) and Circular No. SEBI/HO/

CFD/ CMD2/CIR/P/2022/62 dated 13th May

2022 issued by the SEBI (“SEBI Circular”)

and in compliance with the provisions of

the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and

SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI

Listing Regulations”)

a. Continuation of Office of Dr. Manuji Zarabi (DIN: 00648928)

as a Non-Executive Independent Director of the Company

beyond the age of 75 years

b. Approval of Loans, Investments, Guarantee or Security

under Section 185 of Companies Act, 2013

c. Approval of remuneration payable to Mr. Sunil Vachani

(DIN: 00025431), Executive Chairman & Whole time

Director of the Company as per Regulation 17(6)(e) of SEBI

(LODR) Regulations, 2015.

d. Grant of stock options to the employees of Associate

Companies including Joint Venture Companies, under

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited —Employees Stock

Option Plan, 2018 (“DIXON ESOP 2018”) and Dixon

Technologies (India) Limited- Employee Stock Option Plan,

2020 (“DIXON ESOP 2020”)

POSTAL BALLOT

During the FY 2022-23, no special resolution was passed through

the exercise of postal ballot for seeking approval of members of

the Company.

Procedure for E-voting

In compliance with the provisions of Sections 108 of the Act, read

with applicable rules, your Company provides electronic voting

(e-voting) facility to all its members. Your Company engages

the services of KFin Technologies Limited for the purpose of

providing e-voting facility to all its members. Members can refer

e-voting instructions provided in the Notice of Annual General

Meeting. Members whose names appear on the register of

members as on cut-off date i.e. 22nd September, 2023 shall be

eligible to participate in the e-voting.

Participation and voting at 30th Annual General Meeting

Pursuant to the General Circular numbers, 10/2022 dated 28th

December, 2022, 20/2020, 02/2021,02/2022 issued by the

Ministry of Corporate Affairs and Circular number SEBI/HO/CFD/

PoD-2/P/CIR/2023/4 dated 5th January, 2023 issued by SEBI,

the 30th Annual General Meeting of the Company will be held

through video-conferencing and the detailed instructions for

participation and voting at the meeting is available in the Notice

of the 30th Annual General Meeting.

Extra-Ordinary General Body Meetings (including adjourned

Meetings) during the FY 2022-23

No Extra-ordinary general meeting was held during the FY 2022-

23.

Means of Communication

Results

The Quarterly and Half-yearly/Annual financial results are

forthwith communicated to the BSE Limited (the “BSE”) and

National Stock Exchange of India Limited (the “NSE”), (both BSE

and NSE are collectively referred as the “Stock Exchanges”)

where the shares of your Company are listed, as soon as they

are approved and taken on record by the Board of Directors.

Additionally your Company’s quarterly/half yearly/ annual

financial results are simultaneously published in ‘Business

Standard- English and Hindi’ in accordance with SEBI Listing

Regulations. Also they are also put up on your Company’s

website at www.dixoninfo.com.

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

165:

Managing Director or CEO is

different.

6

Reporting of Internal Auditor

The Internal Auditor of the Company attends the meeting of the Audit

Committee on regular basis and provides its report directly to the Audit

Committee.

Your Company has also adopted the non-mandatory requirements specified under Part E of Schedule II of SEBI Listing Regulations

regarding direct reporting of Internal Auditor of your Company to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. These are as under :

172

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director of

British Telecom since 1995 and retired

as Non-Executive Chairman of British

Telecom in India in 2012. He was also on

the Board of Airtel and Tech Mahindra,

Jubilant Foodworks (Dominos) and

Chair of Nasscom Foundation. He took

early retirement to focus on bringing the

benefits of IT and Telecom to the real-

world businesses i.e. energy, health,

fintech

and

payments,

hospitality,

retail etc., and help create a vibrant

entrepreneurial system. Currently, he

is also an independent Director on the

Board of various companies including

listed companies like Jubilant Pharmova

Ltd and Jubilant Ingrevia Ltd. WW

General Shareholders’ Information

Disclosures with respect to demat suspense account/ unclaimed suspense account

Your Company does not have any securities in the demat suspense account/unclaimed suspense account.

NSE Electronic Application Processing System (NEAPS):

The NEAPS is a web-based application designed by NSE for corporates. All periodical compliance filings like shareholding pattern,

corporate governance report, statement of investor complaints, among others are filed electronically on NEAPS.

BSE Corporate Compliance & Listing Centre (the ‘Listing Centre’):

BSE’s Listing Centre is a web-based application designed for corporates. All periodical compliance filings like shareholding pattern,

corporate governance report, statement of investor complaints, among others are also filed electronically on the Listing Centre.

SEBI Complaints Redress System (SCORES):

The investor complaints are processed in a centralised web-based complaints redress system. The salient features of this system

are: centralised database of all complaints by concerned companies and online viewing by investors of actions taken on the complaint

and its current status.

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

173:

Managing Director is as below:

DECLARATION ON CODE OF CONDUCT

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited is committed to conducting its business in accordance with the applicable laws, rules and regulations

and with highest standards of business ethics. The Company has adopted a “Code of Ethics and Business Conduct” which is applicable

to all directors, officers and employees. I hereby certify that the Board members and senior management personnel of the Company

have affirmed compliance with the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct for the financial year 2022-23.

For Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

Sd/-

Atul B. Lall

(Vice Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director)

Sd/-

Saurabh Gupta

(Chief Financial officer)

178

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

Vinesh Jain

Partner

Saurabh Gupta

Ashish Kumar

Membership No. 087701

Chief Financial officer

Company Secretary

Place: Noida

Place: Noida

Date: 23 May, 2023

Date: 23 May, 2023

(H in Lakhs)

Particulars

Note

No.

As at

31 March 2023

As at

31 March 2022

ASSETS

Non-current assets

(a) Property, plant and equipment

5

58,710

48,796

(b) Capital work-in-progress

6

5,233

1,896

(c) Intangible assets

7

877

283

(d) Right -of-use assets

8

14,502

11,695

(e) Financial assets

i.

Investments

9

10,774

9,187

ii.

Loans

10

24,581

2,000

iii. Other financial assets

11

2,195

2,101

(f) Other non-current assets

12

920

6,060

117,792

82,018

Current assets

(a) Inventories

13

43,267

65,589

(b) Financial assets

i.

Investments

9

3,000

13,502

ii.

Trade receivables

14

93,066

84,559

iii. Cash and cash equivalents

15

4,400

11,142

iv. Bank balances other than cash and cash equivalents

16

521

505

v.

Loans

10

2,930

187

vi. Other financial assets

11

2,518

2,480

(c) Other current assets

12

5,711

12,603

155,413

190,567

TOTAL ASSETS

273,205

272,585

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

Equity

(a) Equity share capital

17

1,191

1,187

(b) Other equity

18

115,449

91,039

TOTAL EQUITY

116,640

92,226

Liabilities

Non-Current Liabilities

(a) Financial liabilities:

i.

Borrowings

19

5,939

17,460

ii.

Lease liabilities

20

14,976

11,938

(b) Provisions

21

1,140

1,006

(c) Deferred tax liabilities (net)

23

1,590

1,237

(d) Other non current liabilities

26

1,277

1,405

24,922

33,046

Current Liabilities

(a) Financial liabilities:

i.

Borrowings

24

2,283

7,120

ii.

Lease liabilities

20

1,081

769

iii. Trade payables

25

–

Total outstanding dues of micro and small enterprises

6,423

5,287

–

Total outstanding dues to creditors other than micro and small enterprises

114,067

127,032

iv. Other financial liabilities

22

747

1,051

(b) Other current liabilities

26

5,488

5,176

(c) Provisions

21

620

565

(d) Current tax liabilities (net)

27

934

313

131,643

147,313

TOTAL LIABILITIES

156,565

180,359

TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

273,205

272,585

190

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

Vinesh Jain

Saurabh Gupta

Ashish Kumar

Partner

Chief Financial officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 087701

Place: Noida

Place: Noida

Date: 23 May, 2023

Date: 23 May, 2023

Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss

for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(H in Lakhs)

Particulars

Note

No.

Year ended

31 March, 2023

Year ended

31 March, 2022

INCOME

1 Revenue from operations

28

699,740

748,441

2 Other income

29

1,847

262

3 Total income (1+2)

701,587

748,703

4 EXPENSES

(a) Cost of materials consumed

30

615,095

679,586

(b) Changes in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress and stock-in- trade

31

2,830

(1,280)

(c) Employee benefits expense

32

18,382

16,222

(d) Finance costs

33

3,622

3,015

(e) Depreciation and amortisation expense

34

5,761

5,072

(f) Other expenses

35

27,372

26,051

Total expenses (4)

673,062

728,666

5 Profit before exceptional items and tax (3-4)

28,525

20,037

6 Exceptional items

–

–

7 Profit before tax (5-6)

28,525

20,037

8 Tax expense:

36

(a) Current tax

7,036

5,117

(b) Deferred tax

369

(214)

(c) Income tax related to earlier years (net)

5

38

Tax expense (8)

7,410

4,941

9 Profit for the year (7-8)

21,115

15,096

10 Other comprehensive income (‘OCI’)

(a) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss - re-measurement of

post employment benefit obligations

(66)

(14)

(b) Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit and loss

16

4

Other comprehensive income for the year

(50)

(10)

11 Total comprehensive income for the year (9+10)

21,065

15,086

12 Earnings per equity share

40

(Nominal value of share H 2)

(a) Basic

35.53

25.63

(b) Diluted

35.27

25.38

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

191:

Managing Director

Vinesh Jain

Saurabh Gupta

Ashish Kumar

Partner

Chief Financial officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 087701

Place: Noida

Place: Noida

Date: 23 May, 2023

Date: 23 May, 2023

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

193:

Managing Director

Vinesh Jain

Saurabh Gupta

Ashish Kumar

Partner

Chief Financial officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 087701

Place: Noida

Place: Noida

Date: 23 May, 2023

Date: 23 May, 2023

194

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

Annual Report 2022-23:

letter of credit, bank

guarantee and submitted with various taxation departments.

17 Equity share capital

(H in Lakhs)

Particulars

As at 31 March, 2023

As at 31 March, 2022

No of shares

Amount

No of shares

Amount

Authorised

Equity shares of H 2 each

130,000,000

2,600

130,000,000

2,600

Issued, subscribed and paid-up

Equity shares of H 2 each fully paid up

59,560,165

1,191

59,341,935

1,187

59,560,165

1,191

59,341,935

1,187

a. Reconciliation of equity shares

Balance as at the beginning of the year

59,341,935

1,187

58,569,355

1,171

Share issued under employees stock option scheme

218,230

4

772,580

16

Balance as at the end of the year

59,560,165

1,191

59,341,935

1,187

Note

Pursuant to the approval of the shareholders accorded on 7 March, 2021 vide postal ballot conducted by the Company, each equity

share of face value of H10 per share was sub-divided into five equity shares of face value of H 2 per share, with effect from 19

March, 2021.

b.

Terms and rights of equity shareholders

The Company has only one class of equity shares having par value of H 2 per share. Each holder of equity shares is entitled to one

vote per share. In the event of liquidation of the company, the holders of equity shares will be entitled to receive remaining assets

of the company, after distribution of all preferential amounts. The distribution will be in proportion to the number of equity shares

held by each share holders. There is no restriction on distribution of dividend, however, the same is subject to the approval of the

share holders in the annual general meeting except in the case of interim dividend.

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

221:

Letter of credit for business are secured on pari-passu basis over all the

present and future book debts and stock-in-trade comprising of raw material, Components, work in progress and finished goods

arising out of Xiaomi LED TV Business for banks mentioned below.

1.

Standard Chartered Bank

2.

IDFC First Bank Limited

3.

ICICI Bank Limited

4.

Indusind Bank Limited

5.

HDFC Bank Limited

Further, Borrowings is secured by the first parri passu charge block of (present and future) entire movable fixed Assets (except

those charged exclusively to other lenders) for banks mentioned below.

1.

Standard Chartered Bank

2.

HDFC Bank Limited

Further, Borrowings is secured by the first parri passu charge block of (present and future) movable fixed Assets of unit located

at plot no 262M, Industrial area, Central hope Town, Selaqui, and District – Dehradun (both Present and Future) & unit located at

C-3/1 Selaqui industrial Area, Dehradun & at Khasra No. 1022, Village Majra JamanPur, Central Hope Town, Pargana: Pachhwdoon

District – Dehradun. (except those charged exclusively to other lenders) for banks mentioned below.

1.

YES Bank Limited

2.

HDFC Bank Limited

Further, Borrowing is secured by the exclusive charge on immovable property located at Plot No C-2/1, UPSIDC Industrial Area,

Selaqui, Dehradun for bank mentioned below.

1.

HDFC Bank Limited “

II

a.

Interest Rate: The interest rate applicable to this borrowing is based on the SBI 3-month MCLR (Marginal Cost of Funds Based

Lending Rate). The effective interest rate as on date is 8.1% per annum.

b.

Term of borrowing- The borrowing is repayable on-demand, which grants the lender the right to request repayment at any

time.

III

For security clause and repayment terms of borrowings, refer note 19.

25 Trade payables

(H in Lakhs)

Particulars

As at

31 March, 2023

As at

31 March, 2022

a. Total outstanding dues of micro and small enterprises*

6,423

5,287

b. Total outstanding dues to creditors other than micro and small enterprises

114,067

127,032

120,490

132,319

* For detailed disclosure of micro and small enterprises see note 39

Trade payable to related parties (see note 47)

3

1,071

24 Current borrowings (Contd..)

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

231:

Managing Director and Chief

Financial Officer which examines the Company’s performance on the basis of single operating segment Electronics Goods. Accordingly

segment disclosure has not been made.

Revenue from two customers (Previous year two customers) of the Company represented approximately 48% (Previous year 54%)of

the total revenue .

44 Corporate Social Responsibility (Contd..)

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

253:

Managing Director

c.

Mr. Manuji Zarabi

Non Executive Independent Director

d.

Ms. Poornima Shenoy

Non Executive Independent Director

e.

Mr. Manoj Maheshwari

Non Executive Independent Director

f.

Mr. Keng Tsung Kuo

Non Executive Independent Director

g.

Mr. Rakesh Mohan

Non Executive Independent Director

h.

Mr. Prithvi Vachani

Project Manager (Son of Chairman)

i.

Mr. Saurabh Gupta

Chief Finance Officer (CFO)

j.

Mr. Ashish Kumar

Company Secretary

iv. Entities over which individuals mentioned in (iii) above are able to exercise control/significant influence

a.

Dixon Applied Technology Training Institute

v.

Entities over which executive directors or relatives are able to exercise control/significant influence

a.

Light House Partners

b.

Topline Electronics Private Limited

c.

Smartice LLP

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

257:

Managing Director

Vinesh Jain

Saurabh Gupta

Ashish Kumar

Partner

Chief Financial officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 087701

Place: Noida

Place: Noida

Date: 23 May, 2023

Date: 23 May, 2023

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

267:

Managing Director

Vinesh Jain

Partner

Saurabh Gupta

Ashish Kumar

Membership No. 087701

Chief Financial officer

Company Secretary

Place: Noida

Place: Noida

Date: 23 May, 2023

Date: 23 May, 2023

(H in Lakhs)

Particulars

Note

No.

As at

31 March 2023

As at

31 March 2022

ASSETS

Non-current assets

(a) Property, plant and equipment

5

94,249

75,833

(b) Capital work-in-progress

6

11,970

2,201

(c)

Intangible assets

7

2,244

1,875

(d) Intangible assets under development

8

–

38

(e)

Right of use assets

9

24,840

19,590

(f)

Goodwill

10

3,031

3,031

(g) Financial assets

i. Investments

11

1,415

594

ii. Other financial assets

12

3,483

3,559

(h) Other non-current assets

13

12,784

6,296

154,016

113,017

Current assets

(a) Inventories

14

95,787

115,569

(b) Financial assets

i. Investments

11

3,000

13,502

ii. Trade receivables

15

171,545

135,635

iii. Cash and cash equivalents

16

21,704

17,646

iv. Bank balances other than cash and cash equivalents

17

1,214

588

v. Loans

18

–

44

vi. Other financial assets

12

8,991

15,615

(c)

Other current assets

13

11,591

15,917

(d) Current tax assets

19

95

184

313,927

314,700

TOTAL ASSETS

467,943

427,717

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

Equity

(a) Equity share capital

20

1,191

1,187

(b) Other equity

21

127,300

98,491

Equity attributable to owners of the company

128,491

99,678

Non-controlling interest

(28)

55

TOTAL EQUITY

128,463

99,733

Liabilities

Non-Current Liabilities

(a) Financial liabilities:

i. Borrowings

22

14,523

29,732

ii. Lease liabilities

23

25,283

19,732

(b) Provisions

24

1,726

1,428

(c)

Deferred tax liabilities (net)

25

2,240

2,012

(d) Other non-current liabilities

26

1,609

1,491

45,381

54,395

Current Liabilities

(a) Financial liabilities:

i. Borrowings

27

3,739

16,067

ii. Lease liabilites

23

1,764

1,159

iii. Trade payables

28

– Total outstanding dues of micro and small enterprises

8,709

5,927

– Total outstanding dues to creditors other than micro and small enterprises

236,479

225,447

iv. Other financial liabilities

29

29,142

17,915

(b) Other current liabilities

26

12,142

5,492

(c)

Provisions

24

858

729

(d) Current tax liabilities

30

1,266

853

294,099

273,589

TOTAL LIABILITIES

339,480

327,984

TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

467,943

427,717

276

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

Annual Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

Vinesh Jain

Partner

Saurabh Gupta

Ashish Kumar

Membership No. 087701

Chief Financial officer

Company Secretary

Place: Noida

Place: Noida

Date: 23 May, 2023

Date: 23 May, 2023

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

277:

Managing Director

Vinesh Jain

Saurabh Gupta

Ashish Kumar

Partner

Chief Financial officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 087701

Place: Noida

Place: Noida

Date: 23 May, 2023

Date: 23 May, 2023

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

279:

Managing Director

Vinesh Jain

Saurabh Gupta

Ashish Kumar

Partner

Chief Financial officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 087701

Place: Noida

Place: Noida

Date: 23 May, 2023

Date: 23 May, 2023

280

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

Annual Report 2022-23:

letter of credit and

bank guarantee

15 Trade receivables (Contd..)

308

Dixon Technologies (India) Limited

Annual Report 2022-23:

Letter of credit for business are secured on pari-passu basis over all the

present and future book debts and stock-in-trade comprising of raw material, Components, work in progress and finished goods

arising out of Xiaomi LED TV Business for banks mentioned below.

1.

Standard Chartered Bank

2.

IDFC First Bank Limited

3.

ICICI Bank Limited

4.

Indusind Bank Limited

5.

HDFC Bank Limited

Further, Borrowings is secured by the first parri passu charge block of (present and future) entire movable fixed Assets (except

those charged exclusively to other lenders) for banks mentioned below.

1.

Standard Chartered Bank

2.

HDFC Bank Limited

Further, Borrowings is secured by the first parri passu charge block of (present and future) movable fixed Assets of unit located

at plot no 262M, Industrial area, Central hope Town, Selaqui, and District – Dehradun (both Present and Future) & unit located at

C-3/1 Selaqui industrial Area, Dehradun & at Khasra No. 1022, Village Majra JamanPur, Central Hope Town, Pargana: Pachhwdoon

District – Dehradun. (except those charged exclusively to other lenders) for banks mentioned below.

27 Current borrowings (Contd..)

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

321:

Managing Director and Vice chairman and Chief

financial officer which examines the Group’s performance on the basis of single operating segment i.e. Electronics Goods; accordingly

segment disclosure has not been made.

Revenue from three customers (Previous year two customers) of the Company represented approximately 59% of the total revenue

(Previous year 51%).

50 Related party disclosure

a.

List of related parties

i

Joint Venture Company

a.

Rexxam Dixon Electronics Private Limited (formerly known as Dixon Devices Private Limited) ( Incorporated as subsidiary

on 15 May, 2021 upto 22 March, 2022)

b.

Califonix Tech and Manufacturing Private Limited (Incorporated on 27 April,2022)

c.

AIL Dixon Technologies Private Limited

ii.

Key Managerial Personnel and their relatives

a.

Mr. Sunil Vachani

Chairman

b.

Mr. Atul B. Lall

Vice Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director

Vinesh Jain

Saurabh Gupta

Ashish Kumar

Partner

Chief Financial officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 087701

Place: Noida

Place: Noida

Date: 23 May, 2023

Date: 23 May, 2023

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

353:

