Letter from the Chairman

28: Letter from MD & CEO

30 Financial Performance

32

Board of

Letter from the Chairman: Dear Shareholders,

In FY 2022-23, our industry faced

a dynamic macro environment,

presenting both opportunities and

challenges. Technological advancements

drove change, requiring continuous

upskilling and integration of AI,

RPA, and data analytics. Regulatory

changes emphasized data privacy and

compliance, while intensiﬁed market

competition demanded differentiation

and customer-centricity. The remote work

and digital transformation that came as a

result of the pandemic became a staple

for all businesses, and Sustainability

and ESG considerations have gained

prominence. Geopolitical factors required

agility and adaptability.

Amidst these challenges and opportunities, Firstsource

made remarkable progress in enhancing our long-term

strategy, growing our global footprint, and optimizing

our business mix for sustained growth. We expanded our

delivery footprint to new geographies like Mexico and

further strengthened our Philippines operations.

Our geographic footprint puts us in a unique place to

build opportunities and face diverse macroeconomic

challenges, reflecting the complex interplay of domestic

and global factors. In FY 2022-23, while India's economy

was experiencing growth, driven by a young workforce

and expanding digital infrastructure, the UK faced post-

Brexit challenges, striving to secure trade deals and

manage economic uncertainty. The US exhibited a mixed

economic landscape, with a robust tech sector and rising

inflation. The Philippines showcased resilience despite

political uncertainties and Mexico confronted economic

inequality and security concerns while benefiting from

trade agreements and a strong manufacturing sector.

Despite the macroeconomic cyclicity and external

variabilities we faced, we delivered a notable 13.7%

year-on-year increase in continuous currency growth,

excluding Mortgage and acquisitions. Our revenues

amounted to ₹ 60,223 million, with an operating margin

of ₹ 5,633 million. Furthermore, we recorded a PAT of

₹ 5,137 million, solidifying our financial success during

this period and allowing us to return ₹ 2,384 million to

shareholders as dividends.

We are delighted to report an impressive organic,

constant currency growth rate of 18.3% in our BFS

portfolio, excluding Mortgage. In the CMT segment,

our portfolio, excluding the top client, achieved strong

year-on-year growth of 44%, driven by advancements in

EdTech, Technology, and Communications Collections.

The utility segment also performed well, with a

commendable growth rate of 43%, thanks to our mature

and digitally connected DECX offering. Our client

acquisition efforts were successful, adding 73 new clients

to our portfolio.

Like most other industries, our industry is undergoing

a transformative change, with artificial intelligence (AI)

and new technologies revolutionizing every aspect of

business. I believe the depth and breadth of our services

have never been more relevant. We believe every part of

every business must be transformed by technology, data,

and AI, with new ways of working and engaging with

customers, employees, and partners, and new business

models, products, and services.

I am proud to share that Firstsource is well-positioned to

leverage these advancements - remaining committed

to creating value, capitalizing on new opportunities, and

delivering on the promise of technology and human

ingenuity. We are helping clients build their digital core,

optimize operations, and accelerate growth. In the future,

we will continue to be agile and pivot to enable operating

our business with operational excellence. We are confident

that our commitment to excellence and our drive to

continually innovate will help us achieve our goals.

As we look ahead, we’re thrilled by the exciting projects in

the pipeline and remain vigilant about emerging trends. At

the core of our business, we prioritize lean processes and

channel investments into new ventures, with a continued

focus on harnessing AI and other emerging technologies

to better serve our customers. Above all, we maintain a

balanced approach by prioritizing the well-being of our

people, who lie at the heart of everything we do.

We strongly believe that the future of our company

is intricately linked to the caliber of our people and

recognize the significance of creating meaningful work

and a harmonious workplace. A new generation of talent

is emerging, one that is energized by challenges and

seeks inspiration from businesses. We welcome and

embrace this spirit with sustained investments in our

people, platforms, and purpose.

A profound shift is underway, reshaping the way

individuals perceive the role of businesses in molding

the fabric of our economy. Consumers are increasingly

gravitating towards organizations that evoke genuine

emotions and positively impact not only their own lives

but also our planet. In this era, the future belongs to

companies that embrace purpose and strive to fulfill it.

As a responsible corporate citizen, we place our

commitments to society and the planet on an equal

footing with profitability. We actively seek opportunities

to integrate the material aspects of Environmental,

Social, and Governance (ESG) factors into our day-to-

day operations, putting us on the path to becoming a

sustainable and purpose-driven business. This year, we

delved deeper, ensuring that this strategy permeates

every aspect of our organization, providing clear guidance

and purpose to our people and processes.

I express my deepest appreciation to our dedicated team

for their unflinching commitment to bringing value to all

our stakeholders. I also extend heartfelt gratitude to all

our stakeholders for their unwavering support. Your trust

has been instrumental in our growth and success.

As we continue to navigate the ever-evolving business

landscape and seize the opportunities that lie ahead,

I’m confident that Firstsource will continue to thrive –

investing in the people and platforms that deliver value to

stakeholders and make a positive impact on people and

the planet.

Dr Sanjiv Goenka

C H A I R M A N

"

Our industry is undergoing

a transformative change, with

artificial intelligence (AI) and new

technologies revolutionizing every

aspect of business. I believe the

depth and breadth of our services

have never been more relevant.

26

27

Corporate Overview

Firstsource Solutions Limited | Annual Report 2022-23

Letter from MD & CEO

significantly, digital health integration – which has the potential to

leverage digital technology in addressing access and costs. The

CMT sector faced a unique scenario of integrating diverse platforms

and systems, meeting personalized consumer expectations,

aligning with regulations, protecting data, and adapting to new

technologies.

Our resilience and momentum through these challenges were

fueled by the key elements of our purpose-driven strategy. We

drove diversification within the banking and financial services

(BFS) and communications, media, and technology (CMT) sectors.

Expanding into select healthcare and CMT sub-segments, we

have successfully reduced our exposure to macroeconomic

cyclicity while driving growth in promising areas. Additionally, we

focused on building adjacent capabilities, acquiring new clients in

a systematic manner, and nurturing our existing strategic accounts.

These calculated moves have resulted in noteworthy gains within

our chosen verticals, enabling us to forge stronger relationships and

expand our market reach.

We continue to use digital tools and services strategically to drive

cost efficiency and innovation in our execution. At Firstsource,

we fully recognize the transformative potential of Generative

AI in reshaping human interactions with technology and

revolutionizing job roles across industries. We are enthusiastic

about the possibilities it presents, to enhance both employee and

customer experiences. As a result, we are actively exploring and

experimenting with AI applications across different aspects of our

business. Our commitment to embracing AI reflects our dedication

to staying at the forefront of technological advancements and

continuously improving our services for the benefit of our clients

and stakeholders.

I’m thrilled to be shaping the future of our purpose-driven

organization alongside an extraordinary team of 23,000+

Firstsourcers, as we strive to make a lasting impact not only on

our stakeholders but also on the world at large – by reducing our

environmental footprint, supporting our communities, and fostering

inclusive and safe workspaces.

FY 2022-23 Performance

For FY 2022-23, our revenues amounted to ₹ 60,223 million or

$ 750 million, reflecting a 1.1% decline in constant currency

compared to the previous financial year. However, excluding

mortgage and acquisitions, we achieved a constant currency

growth of 13.7% year-on-year. Our operating margin for the year

stood at ₹ 5,633 million or 9.4%, and we recorded a profit after tax

(PAT) of ₹ 5,137 million or 8.5%. Our net debt recorded a significant

reduction, declining to ₹ 6,159 million or $ 75 million, marking a

26% decrease from the preceding year's debt of ₹ 8,013 million or

$ 106 million.

We achieved several milestones during FY 2022-23. In the BFS

sector, we made significant strides in expanding the collections

and UK BFS segments to advance our diversification agenda. This

resulted in an impressive organic, constant currency growth rate of

18.3% in our BFS portfolio, excluding Mortgage. In the CMT segment,

we proactively focused on multiple areas to successfully reduce

our dependency on a single top client, decreasing their contribution

from 80% of CMT revenues in FY 2021-22 to 70% in Q4 of FY 2022-

23. As a result, our portfolio, excluding the top client, experienced

robust year-on-year growth of 44%, driven by growth in EdTech,: Dear Shareholders,

The past few years have been a period of increased uncertainties.

Even as we navigated through a global pandemic and supply chain

disruptions, FY 2022-23 presented new challenges with heightened

geopolitical tensions, rising interest rates, elevated inflation, and

volatile financial markets. We also saw significant advancements in

artificial intelligence (AI) - particularly Generative AI - which, along

with analytics and cloud should accelerate the transformation of

enterprises and create disruptive business models globally. As I

reflect on these challenges and opportunities, I am confident in

the strength of our diverse business portfolio in effectively leading

us through the turbulence and delighted by the remarkable

progress we made during FY 2022-23 in refining our long-term

strategy, optimizing our business mix, and positioning ourselves for

sustainable growth.

To set things in context, the global mortgage industry faced an

unprecedented slowdown in FY 2022-23 due to rising interest

rates and geopolitical factors. In the US, the Mortgage refinance

activity shrunk by nearly 75% and new home purchases declined

as the Federal Reserve implemented multiple rate hikes to curb

decadal high inflation caused by multiple global and localized

factors. Meanwhile, the healthcare industry encountered challenges

affecting operations and patient care, besides the impact of the

impending wind down of the US Public Health Emergency program

- key among them being access to healthcare, rising costs, and

Technology, and the Communications Collections verticals.

Additionally, we expanded our capabilities in complementary

domains, such as Financial Crime Ops in BFS and DECX (digitally

empowered customer experience) solutions for the EdTech sector

to drive better learner experiences. We also successfully launched

a consulting practice – Insights, Design Experience and Advisory

(IDEA) - leveraging our deep expertise in customer experience

to introduce innovative ideas and solutions to our clients and

address the market gap in experience design customized to

client-specific needs. Given the speed of digital advancements

and the possibilities that emerge, fostering sustainable growth

means prioritizing trust and safety concerns. Understanding this

crucial factor, we launched a Data Integrity practice that aims to

help clients ensure safe, secure, and reliable online environments

by harnessing the synergy of top-tier talent and cutting-edge

technology.

In our diverse verticals business, the utility segment achieved a

commendable year-on-year growth rate of 43%, propelled by the

maturity and digital capabilities of our DECX offering.

We are further invigorated by the successful expansion of our

delivery ecosystem into new geographies - namely, Mexico,

while further strengthening our operations in the Philippines.

This strategic move has enabled us to effectively address the

increasing challenges of talent sourcing and deliver greater value

to our clients. Our robust presence in five countries positions us

well to deliver exceptional outcomes and meet the evolving needs

of our clients around the world.

Navigating uncertainty and change

BFS

• Mortgage

The mortgage industry has witnessed significant fluctuations over

the past 12-18 months. Having successfully weathered the storm,

we are focused on the future and believe that the worst of the

volatility now lies behind us. The industry is poised for a gradual

recovery, with a modest uptick in volume anticipated in the coming

year. The mortgage segment now contributes less than 9% to our

overall revenue, and we maintain a strong sense of confidence in

our ability to navigate any future volatility without any substantial

impact on our overall performance. Our strategic focus remains

centered on diversifying beyond origination, placing particular

emphasis on servicing and capital markets.

• Collections

The collections segment continued to gradually recover from the

previous year’s record low volumes, benefiting from favorable

trends in consumer credit metrics. We observed an increase in

US card debt delinquencies and charge-offs, which presented a

growing demand for our collection services. With our robust sales

activity and the addition of multiple new clients in FY 2022-23, we

are strategically positioned to capitalize on market opportunities. In

FY 2023-24, our key priorities encompass diversifying collections as

a multi-industry offering, expanding our geographical reach to the

UK, enhancing our digital collections platform, and driving revenue

and margin growth in our legal collection segment.

• UK BFS

Our UK BFS segment exhibited strong growth, driven by our

strategic focus on expanding key banking relationships, penetrating

new divisions, and expanding our offshore operations. The

successful digitization of contact centers, particularly through the

implementation of call deflection and self-service options, played a

pivotal role in our achievements. Looking ahead to FY 2023-24, we

expect this positive momentum to continue as we prioritize client

acquisition and further expand our offshore business activities.

Healthcare

Our healthcare business demonstrated consistent growth, achieving

a year-on-year increase of 8.7% in constant currency FY 2022-23.

Although the provider segment faced challenges due to the US

government's implementation of a public health emergency (PHE),

we anticipate promising growth opportunities in the second half

of FY 2023-24. With PHE ending on May 11, 2023, and Medicaid

coverage undergoing changes, our eligibility services and patient

access practice are ideally positioned to cater to the needs of the

uninsured population. Additionally, we are actively engaging with

our health plan clients to leverage our offshore capabilities and drive

transformative initiatives. Moving into FY 2023-24, our primary focus

will be on reversing the revenue decline in the provider segment,

scaling offshore operations in both provider and HPHS (Health Plan

and Health System), and capitalizing on opportunities in the market.

CMT

The CMT segment exhibited a robust growth trajectory, achieving

a 14% year-on-year increase in constant currency. Our US

Communications Media (CM) business played a pivotal role in

driving this growth, supported by successful expansions into the

EdTech, digital media, and tech verticals. Our relationship with our

top client remained strong, and we actively explored new avenues

for growth within their ecosystem. Looking ahead to FY 2023-24,

our strategic focus will continue to prioritize the expansion of our US

CM business, while simultaneously fostering the development of

new capabilities and exploring untapped markets.

Diverse

Our diverse verticals business segment, which encompasses

utilities and other industries, made significant strides during the year.

Our strong partnership with a top utility provider in the UK solidified

our position as one of their key outsourcing partners. Building upon

recent successes and with strategic expansion plans in place, we

are poised for substantial growth in this segment in FY 2023-24.

Also, we are actively capitalizing on our anchor client, and scaling

our offshore capabilities.

Leading into the future

As we set our sights on FY 2023-24, we do so with unwavering

confidence in our ability to refine and strengthen the solid

foundation we have built. Despite the heightened uncertainty

prevailing in the global economic landscape, we have successfully

navigated cyclical fluctuations within our business. Our ongoing

efforts to streamline costs and safeguard margins will play a pivotal

role in ensuring sustained operating margin performance and we

expect to return to our historical margin range.

We measure our success both by our financial results as well as

the broader impact we create on our people, our communities,

and the environment. To this end, we have proactively developed

an organization that is driven by purpose. Whether it’s upskilling

and reskilling employees in cutting-edge digital technologies,

monitoring and analyzing data to reduce our environmental impact,

or leveraging our vast enterprise resources for CSR initiatives, we

leave no stone unturned to exemplify good corporate citizenship.

I am honored to lead an exceptional team of dedicated and

passionate individuals. Their staunch commitment has played a

pivotal role in our progress throughout the year. We are driven by

a common purpose to nurture a diverse and inclusive culture that

supports and empowers our people, fostering continuous growth

and enabling us to deliver exceptional outcomes.

In closing, I want to express my heartfelt gratitude to all our

stakeholders - our clients, partners, Firstsourcers, and shareholders

- for your continued trust and support. As we push towards a better

future, I’m confident that, together, we’ll make a meaningful impact

on the planet we call home.

Mr Vipul Khanna

M D & C E O

28

29

Corporate Overview

Firstsource Solutions Limited | Annual Report 2022-23

letter

etc. together with attested specimen signature of the

duly authorized signatory who are authorized to vote,

to the Scrutinizer at the email address viz; scrutinisers@

mmjc.in, if they have voted from individual tab & not

uploaded same in the CDSL e-voting system for the

scrutinizer to verify the same.

INSTRUCTIONS FOR SHAREHOLDERS ATTENDING

THE AGM THROUGH VC/OAVM & E-VOTING DURING

MEETING ARE AS UNDER:

1. The procedure for attending meeting & e-voting on the day

of the AGM is same as the instructions mentioned above for

Remote e-voting.

2. The link for VC/OAVM to attend meeting will be available where

the EVSN of Company will be displayed after successful login as

per the instructions mentioned above for remote e-voting.

3. Shareholders who have voted through remote e-voting will

be eligible to attend the meeting. However, they will not be

eligible to vote at the AGM.

4. Shareholders are encouraged to join the Meeting through

Laptops/IPads for better experience.

5. Further shareholders will be required to allow camera and

use internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance

during the meeting.

6. Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile Devices or

Tablets or through Laptop connecting via Mobile Hotspot may

experience Audio/Video loss due to fluctuation in their respective

network. It is therefore recommended to use stable Wi-Fi or LAN

Connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.

7. Shareholders who would like to express their views/ask

questions during the meeting may register themselves as a

speaker by sending their request in advance atleast 48 hours

prior to meeting mentioning their name, demat account

number/folio number, email id, mobile number at fsl@3i-

infotech.com. The shareholders who do not wish to speak

during the AGM but have queries may send their queries in

advance 48 hours prior to meeting mentioning their name,

demat account number/folio number, email id, mobile

number at fsl@3i-infotech.com. These queries will be replied

to by the company suitably by email.

8. Those shareholders who have registered themselves as

a speaker will only be allowed to express their views/ask

questions during the meeting.

9. Only those shareholders, who are present in the AGM

through VC/OAVM facility and have not casted their vote on

the resolutions through remote e-voting and are otherwise

not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through

e-voting system available during the AGM.

10. If any votes are cast by the shareholders through the e-voting

available during the AGM and if the same shareholders have

not participated in the meeting through VC/OAVM facility,

then the votes cast by such shareholders may be considered

invalid as the facility of e-voting during the meeting is

available only to the shareholders attending the meeting.

PROCESS FOR THOSE SHAREHOLDERS WHOSE

EMAIL/MOBILE NO. ARE NOT REGISTERED WITH THE

COMPANY/DEPOSITORIES:

1. For Physical shareholders - please provide necessary details

like Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the

share certificate (front and back), PAN (self-attested scanned

copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of

Aadhar Card) by email to fsl@3i-infotech.com.

2. For Demat shareholders - Please update your email id &

mobile no. with your respective Depository Participant (DP).

3. For Individual Demat shareholders - Please update your email

id & mobile no. with your respective Depository Participant

(DP) which is mandatory while e-voting & joining virtual

meetings through Depository.

If you have any queries or issues regarding attending AGM & e-voting

from the CDSL e-voting System, you can write an email to helpdesk.

evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 1800 22 55 33.:

letter mentioning

your folio number, complete address, email address to

be registered along with scanned self-attested copy of

the PAN and any document (such as Driving Licence,

Passport, Bank Statement, AADHAR) supporting the

registered address of the Member, by email to Registrar

& Share Transfer Agents at fsl@3i-infotech.com.

(ii) For the Members holding shares in demat form, please

update your email address through your respective

Depository Participant/s.

i.

The Notice of the 22nd AGM and the Annual Report for the

financial year ended March 31, 2023 including therein the

Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended

March 31, 2023 will be available on the website of the

Company at https://www.firstsource.com/ and the websites

of NSE at www.nseindia.com and BSE at www.bseindia.com.

The Notice of 22nd AGM will also be available on the website

of CDSL at www.evotingindia.com.

j.

Corporate members intending to send their authorized

representatives to attend the 22nd AGM are requested to

send a certified true copy of the appropriate resolution/

authority, as applicable, authorising their representatives to

attend and vote on their behalf at the AGM.

k. The Register of Members and Share Transfer Books of the

Company will remain closed from Thursday, July 27, 2023

to Wednesday, August 02, 2023 (both days inclusive) for the

purpose of the AGM.

l.

As per Regulation 40 of SEBI Listing Regulations, as amended,

securities of listed companies can be transferred only in

dematerialized form with effect from April 01, 2019, except in

case of request received for transmission or transposition of

securities. In view of this and to eliminate all risks associated

with physical shares and for ease of portfolio management,

members holding shares in physical form are requested to

consider converting their holdings to dematerialized form.

Members can contact the Company or Company’s Registrars

and Transfer Agents, 3i Infotech Limited for assistance in

this regard.

m. Members whose shareholding is in electronic mode

are requested to direct change of address notification

and updates of bank account details to their respective

depository participant/(s). Members are requested to utilize

the Electronic Clearing System (ECS) for receiving dividends.

n.

Members are requested to address all correspondence,

including on matters relating to dividends, to the Registrar

and Share Transfer Agents, 3i Infotech Limited Tower # 5, 3rd

to 6th Floor, International Infotech Park, Vashi, Navi Mumbai -

400 703 or can email at fsl@3i-infotech.com.:

Managing Director/Whole-Time Director who

has attained the age of seventy years, provided that the term

of the person holding this position may be extended beyond

the age of seventy years with the approval of shareholders

by passing a special resolution based on the statement

pursuant to the provisions of Section 102 of the Act annexed

to the notice or such motion indicating the justification for

extension of appointment beyond seventy years.

Meeting of Independent Directors:

There should be atleast one meeting of Independent Directors in

a year, without the attendance of non-independent Directors and

members of the Management. One (1) meeting of the Independent

Directors of the Company was held on February 01, 2023.

The Independent Directors in the meeting:

•

Review the performance of non-independent Directors

including MD & CEO and the Board as a whole;

•

Review the performance of the Chairperson of the Company,

taking into account the views of Executive Directors and Non-

Executive Directors; and

•

Assess the quality, quantity and timeliness of the flow of

information between the Company’s Management and

the Board that is necessary for the Board to effectively and

reasonably perform its duties.

REMUNERATION POLICY:

The Board, on the recommendation of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee framed a Remuneration Policy for

Non-Executive Directors (including Independent Directors) and

a Remuneration Policy for Key Managerial Personnel and other

Employees of the Company. The details of Remuneration Policy

for Non-Executive Directors and Independent Directors are

provided as Annexure IIIA and details of Remuneration Policy for

Key Managerial Personnel and Other employees of the Company

are provided as Annexure IIIB to this Report.

COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD:

A detailed note on the Board and its Committees is provided in

the ‘Report on Corporate Governance’ forming part of this Annual

Report. The composition of the major Committee/(s) is as follows:

Audit Committee:

As on March 31, 2023, the Audit Committee comprised of three

(3) Independent Directors viz. Ms Grace Koshie (Chairperson),

(ceased to be a Chairperson and Member on the closing of

business hours on February 08, 2023 by efflux of time), Mr Utsav

Parekh (appointed as a Member and Chairman w.e.f. February

09, 2023), Mr Anjani K. Agrawal, Mr Sunil Mitra and one (1) Non-

Independent Director, Mr Subrata Talukdar.

Nomination and Remuneration Committee:

As on March 31, 2023, the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee comprised of two (2) Independent Directors viz. Mr

Anjani K. Agrawal (Chairman), Mr Pratip Chaudhuri and one (1)

Non-Independent Director, Mr Subrata Talukdar.

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee:

As on March 31, 2023, Corporate Social Responsibility

Committee

comprised

of

four

(4)

members

viz

Mr

Shashwat Goenka (Chairman), Mr Vipul Khanna, MD & CEO,:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Chief

Financial Officer and Company Secretary of the Company in the FY 2022-23.

Name & Designation

% increase/decrease in

remuneration in the FY 2022-23

Ratio of remuneration of each Director

to median remuneration of employees

Directors

Dr Sanjiv Goenka, Chairman, NI-NED

(25%)

1.02

Mr Shashwat Goenka, Vice Chairman, NI-NED

9.09%

2.04

Mr Vipul Khanna, MD & CEO*

(0.1%)

73.38

Mr Charles Richard Vernon Stagg, I-NED**

NA

0.34

Ms Grace Koshie, I-NED#

6.67%

2.72

Mr Pradip Kumar Khaitan, NI-NED

-

1.02

Ms Vanita Uppal, I-NED##

NA

0.85

Mr Pratip Chaudhuri, I-NED

20.0%

2.04

Mr Subrata Talukdar, NI-NED

-

3.06

Mr Sunil Mitra, I-NED

-

2.21

Mr Anjani K. Agrawal, I-NED

58.33%

3.23

Mr Utsav Parekh, I-NED $

NA

0.51

Mr Dinesh Jain, President & CFO*

(8.4%)

NA

Ms Pooja Nambiar, CS

8.67%

NA

Legends: KMP - Key Managerial Personnel, MD & CEO -: Managing

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this report.:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the company. Our responsibility is to express an

opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of

the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial

records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and

happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of

management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with

which the management has conducted the affairs of the company.

For MMJB & Associates LLP

Company Secretaries

Date: May 04, 2023

Place: Mumbai

Deepti Joshi

Designated Partner

FCS No. 8167

CP No. 8968

PR: 2826/2022

UDIN: F008167E000253918:

letter and

spirit, which entails surety towards sustainable development of

the Company, enhancing Stakeholders’ value eventually.

COMPANY’S PHILOSOPHY ON CORPORATE

GOVERNANCE:

At Firstsource Solutions Limited, (‘the Company’), adherence

to Corporate Governance practices not only justifies the legal

obedience of the laws but translates into ethical leadership and

organizational stability. It is the sense of good governance that our

leaders portray, which trickles down to the wider management

and is further maintained across the entire functioning of the

Company. Your Company envisages the importance of building

trust and integrity through transparent and accountable

communication with the internal and external stakeholders as

well as the customers of the Company. This involves keeping the

stakeholders of the Company updated on a timely basis about the

development, the plans and the performance of the Company with

a view to establish the long-term affiliations. The Company keeps

itself abreast with the best governance practices on the global

front and at the same time conforms to the recent amendments.

The Company is in compliance with the requirements stipulated

under Regulation 17 to 27 read with Schedule V and clauses (b)

to (i) and (t) of sub-regulation (2) of Regulation 46 of Securities

and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), as

applicable, to ensure good Corporate Governance practices across

the Company in: letter and in spirit. The Company has complied

with all the mandatory requirements of the Listing Regulations

and following is the status with regard to the same.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS:

The Board of

Managing Director under section 196 and Schedule V of the

Companies Act, 2013

For MMJB & Associates LLP

Company Secretaries

Date: May 04, 2023

Place: Mumbai

Saurabh Agarwal

FCS: 9290

CP: 20907

PR: 904/2020

UDIN:F009290E000255723:

Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary as defined under Section

2(51) of the Companies Act, 2013.:

letter of credit given

(Refer table below)

15,741.60

18,331.48

d) The Company has a purchase commitment towards Nanobi Data and

Analytics Private Limited for the Optionally Convertible Debentures of ₹ 100

per unit of 1,20,000 units.

12.00

12.00

Guarantees

(` in million)

Particulars

March 31, 2023

March 31, 2022

Guarantees given for working capital facilities and finance lease on behalf of

Firstsource Solution UK Limited (FSL-UK)

2,337.89

5,967.30

Guarantees given for credit facilities and term loans on behalf of Firstsource

Group USA, Inc. (FG US)

13,393.71

12,354.18

Guarantees given to the customer and others*

10.00

10.00

15,741.60

18,331.48

Direct tax matters

Income tax demands amounting to ₹ 1,872.94 (March 31, 2022:

₹ 1,840.26) for the various assessment years are disputed in appeal

by the Company in respect of which it has favourable decisions

supporting its stand based on the past assessment or otherwise

and hence, the provision for taxation is considered adequate. The

Company has paid ₹ 10.38 (March 31, 2022: ₹ 10.38) tax under

protest against the demand raised for the assessment year 2004-

05, ₹ 12.50 (March 31, 2022: ₹ 12.50) tax under protest against the

demand raised for the assessment year 2009-10, ₹ 80.00 (March

31, 2022: ₹ 80.00) tax under protest against the demand raised for

the assessment year 2011-12. ₹ 5.00 (March 31, 2020: ₹ 5.00) tax

under protest against the demand raised for the assessment year

2014-15, ₹ 2.50 (March 31, 2022: ₹ 2.50) tax under protest against

the demand raised for the assessment year 2015-16.

Indirect tax matters

Service tax demands amounting to ₹ 192.52 (March 31, 2022:

₹ 151.76) in respect of service tax input credit and FCCB issue

expenses is disputed in appeal by the Company. The Company

expects favourable appellate decision in this regard.:

