Letter from the CEO & MD and

President & Joint MD

12

Highlighting stories from FY23

14

Financial highlights

16

Our services and solutions

18

Fulfilling the promise of sustainability

20

Our quest for responsible transformations

24

Operating with integrity and transparency

25

Board of Directors

26

Contributing to a sustainable future:

An In-depth Perspective

30

Our community development initiatives

34

Our employee engagement initiatives:

Dear shareholders,

It is always a pleasure

to converse and share

my thoughts with you

through this annual: letter.

In this letter, I would like

to take a look at the way

the world of mobility is

transforming and your

Company’s place in this

brave new world-to-be.

of poverty in China and India. Today,

most of the world is enjoying a better

quality of life than ever since our

ancestors got down from the trees.

But the same industrial revolution has

disturbed our ecology, destroyed our

diversity, increased the temperature,

triggered calamitous events and

brought human existence on this

beautiful planet to the threshold

of destruction.

Now, we are at a juncture where

we must manage sustainability

in all its dimensions – social

and economic, so that no part of

humanity gets left behind; and

environmental, so that we can live

in harmony with nature.

The world of mobility

Mobility, the facet of human life

in which your Company operates,

faces this dilemma in all its

aspects.

The history of human progress is

the history of mobility. Mobility has

led the progress of humanity; from

the days our ancestors got down

from trees and started walking on

hind legs, to walking out of Africa,

covering the entire world, sailing

the seas and soaring in the skies,

to touching the depth of the seas

and the edge of outer space.

This mobility has brought

unimaginable success and prosperity

to the world. It has also had a huge

impact on sustainability. Today,

transportation constitutes roughly

16% of global CO2 generation. It

accounts for the largest usage

of fossil fuels, mining for various

materials, and creating waste that

the world has to carry forward across

generations.

Just as other aspects of human

endeavours are on the cusp of

transformation, so is the world

of mobility. And your Company

Today, KPIT is home to over 11,000+

dedicated Automobelievers across

the globe, with a presence in 13

countries, including Centres of

Excellence across India (Pune,

Bengaluru, Kochi), the EU, the USA,

Brazil, Thailand, China and Japan.

Standing at an extraordinary

juncture in human history

Two hundred and fifty years of the

industrial revolution have brought

unimaginable prosperity to humanity.

Major breakthroughs have facilitated

the availability of essentials such as

good food and healthcare for the vast

majority, leading to increased longevity

and a higher standard of living for a

large part of humanity. Hundreds of

millions are coming out of the curse

KPIT Technologies Limited

04

Letter from the CEO & MD

and President & Joint MD: Dear shareholders,

As we reflect upon the

fiscal year gone by, we

are pleased to share the

key highlights with you.

It was a period marked

by remarkable growth in

revenue and profitability.

As we celebrate these

achievements, we remain

very optimistic about

what lies ahead.

We find ourselves in a stage of

transition that has not been

witnessed in the past century. Our

clients, the Passenger Car and Truck

Original Equipment Manufacturers

(OEMs), are experiencing a profound

shift in their business models, driven

by a multitude of factors.

The urgent need to reduce

greenhouse gas emissions and

combat climate change has

prompted the transition towards

Zero Emission Vehicles (ZEVs). This

paradigm shift is characterised by

the widespread adoption of electric

vehicles (EVs) and other zero-

emission technologies. Additionally,

the industry is embracing a circular

economy model, aiming to minimise

waste, optimise resource efficiency

and foster sustainability. This

entails re-evaluating product design,

production processes, and end-of-

life management with a focus on

efficiency and effectiveness. These

trends resonate deeply with us, as

we are passionate about providing

our clients with sustainable

solutions.

At the core of the Mobility Industry’s

rapid transformation lies technology,

especially software. Its pivotal role

in this shift cannot be overstated.

Today, the strategic growth of new-

age businesses relies on their ability

to adapt to the changing operating

environment and effectively leverage

software solutions.

For KPIT, our motto is to be a

software Company that understands

the needs of the Passenger Car

and Truck OEMs better than any

other player. This sets us apart as

we solely focus on the Mobility

Industry. Over the past few years,

we have aligned our efforts with

the fast-paced changes in our

clients’ business models. This has

empowered us to contribute to

the architectural development and

problem-solving aspects of product

development for our clientele.

As we embark on a progressive

journey, our confidence stems

from the convergence of two

KPIT Technologies Limited

08

Letter from the CEO & MD and President & Joint MD contd...

KPIT Technologies Limited

10:

Managing Director

Sachin Tikekar,

President & Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Sachin Tikekar

President & Joint: Managing

Managing Director, Mr.

Kishor Patil, was awarded Best CEO of the Year by ET

Ascent in collaboration with HRD Congress.

From Industry Partners

•

Amazon Web Sources (AWS) have recognized and

approved

KPIT’s

cloud-based

software-defined

solutions (SDV) as its FTR approved solutions.

Quality, Productivity and Innovation

Delivering Zero Defect delivery to our customers is one

of our key strategies to achieve our Mission of becoming

a leading software integration partner in mobility. To

achieve this objective, we had designed a comprehensive

quality framework covering key initiatives in the areas of

People, Process and Technology with a focus on improving

performance at Project/Program level, Practice level and

Unit level. Like every year, we took up key initiatives for

the current year from this framework, put a detailed

plan for each, defined processes keeping sustenance

KPIT Technologies Limited

36:

Managing Director

for a period of five years with effect from January 16,

2019, to January 15, 2024. The Board of Directors has

approved his reappointment as CEO &: Managing

Managing Director

and Ms. Priyamvada Hardikar, Chief Financial Officer,

pursuant to the provisions of regulation 17(8) of the SEBI

(LODR) Regulations, 2015, for the year under review was

placed before the Board of Directors of the Company at

its meeting held on April 26, 2023.

A copy of such a certificate forms a part of the Report on

Corporate Governance.

Cost Records

The Company is not required to maintain cost records

under the provisions of Section 148(1) of the Companies

Act, 2013.

Directors & Ofﬁcers Insurance Policy

The Company has in place an insurance policy for its

Directors & Ofﬁcers with a quantum and coverage as

approved by the Board.

Acknowledgments

We take this opportunity to thank all the shareholders of

the Company for their continued support.

We thank our customers, vendors, investors and bankers for

their continued support during the year. We place on record

our appreciation of the contribution made by our employees

at all levels. Our consistent growth was made possible by

their hard work, solidarity, co-operation and support.

We further thank the governments of various countries

where we have our operations. We also thank the

Government of India, particularly the Ministry of

Communication and Information Technology, the Ministry

of Commerce, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of

Corporate Affairs, the Customs and Excise Departments,

the Income Tax Department, the Reserve Bank of India, the

State Governments, the Software Development Centers

(SDCs)/Special Economic Zones (SEZs) – Bengaluru, Pune

and all other government agencies for their support and

look forward for their continued support in future.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Pune

S. B. (Ravi) Pandit

July 25, 2023

Chairman of the Board

KPIT Technologies Limited

48:

Managing Director

MBA (Strategic Management &

International Finance)

29

08-Jan-18*

45.01

KPIT Technologies Limited (renamed as

Birlasoft Limited)**

Anup Sable

54

CTO & Whole-time

Director

B.E. (Mechanical)

35

22-Dec-21^

12.85

KPIT Technologies Limited (renamed as

Birlasoft Limited)**

Chinmay Pandit

44

Head of Geography

- America &

Whole-time

Director

Chartered Accountant & MBA

21

26-Jul-22^

25.28#

KPIT Technologies Limited (renamed as

Birlasoft Limited)**

Chinmay Pandit

44

Executive Vice

President

Chartered Accountant & MBA

21

01-Jan-19**

11.01$

KPIT Technologies Limited (renamed as

Birlasoft Limited)**

Rajesh

Janwadkar

53

Executive Vice

President

Bachelor of Engineering

34

01-Jan-19**

11.92

KPIT Technologies Limited (renamed as

Birlasoft Limited)**

Pushpahas Joshi

48

Executive Vice

President

Bachelor of Engineering

29

01-Jan-19**

11.07

KPIT Technologies Limited (renamed as

Birlasoft Limited)**

Priyamvada

Hardikar

51

Chief Financial

Officer

Cost Accountant

30

01-Jan-19**

10.68

KPIT Technologies Limited (renamed as

Birlasoft Limited)**

Part B: Particulars of employees who were in employment for part of the financial year and are in receipt of remuneration of not less than J 8,50,000/- p.m.

Chandrashekhar

Sonsale

63

Vice President

M.Com

36

01-Jan-19**

6.65

KPIT Technologies Limited (renamed as

Birlasoft Limited)**

Saravanan K

55

Director (Delivery)

Bachelor of Engineering

33

01-Jan-19**

1.67

KPIT Technologies Limited (renamed as

Birlasoft Limited)**

Santosh B

Sandbhor

47

Delivery Manager

Masters in Computer

Application

24

01-Jan-19**

1.65

KPIT Technologies Limited (renamed as

Birlasoft Limited)**

*

Mr. Kishor Patil and Mr. Sachin Tikekar have been appointed as the directors of the Company since the date of incorporation.

**

As a result of demerger, the employees have been transferred from KPIT Technologies Limited (renamed as Birlasoft Limited) to the Company with effect from the appointed date as per the Composite

Scheme i.e. January 1, 2019

#

Mr. Chinmay Pandit received remuneration from KPIT Technologies Inc. USA, wholly owned subsidiary of the Company in USD (equivalent in INR).

$

Mr. Chinmay Pandit being deputed on secondment in USA as Executive Vice President - Commercial Vehicle vertical, received remuneration from KPIT Technologies Inc. USA, wholly owned subsidary of

the Company in USD (equivalent in INR) including amount received towards balance VPI from the Company.

^

Date of appointment as an Executive Director.

KPIT Technologies Limited

54:

letter of Grant at the time

of Grant.

Exercise price will be the

Market Price of the Company,

subject to the condition that

the Exercise Price will not be

less than the face value of

the share (H 10/-) under any

circumstances.

The

Offer

Price

per

Share shall be such

price being not less

than the face value of a

Share of the Company

at the time of the Offer.

Exercise Price per RSU shall

be the face value of Shares as

on date of exercise.

5

Maximum term of Options

granted (years)

Pursuant to the Scheme of Arrangement

and the Applicable Law, Company has

taken into account the Vesting Period

completed under the KPIT ESOPs prior

to the Grant of Options to the Employee

under the ESOP 2019.

The Exercise Period in respect

of an Option shall be subject

to a maximum period of 5

(Five) years from the date of

Vesting of such Option.

Not applicable to the

Scheme.

Maximum exercise period of 5

(five) years from the date of

last vesting of RSUs.

Statutory Reports

Annual Report 2022-23

59:

Managing Director

Chairman of CSR Committee

Statutory Reports

Annual Report 2022-23

67:

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure and forms an integral part of this report.

Statutory Reports

Annual Report 2022-23

69:

letter:

1. Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. My responsibility is to

express an opinion on these secretarial records based on my audit.

2. I have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test-check basis to ensure

that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. I believe that the process and practices, I followed provide a

reasonable basis for my opinion.

3. I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of accounts of the Company.

4. Wherever required, I have obtained Management Representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations

and happening of events, etc.

5. The compliance of the provisions of corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the

responsibility of management. My examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test-check basis.

6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Dr. K. R. Chandratre

FCS No.: 1370, C. P. No.: 5144

Unique Identification No: F001370E000196015

Peer Review Certificate No.: 1206/2021

Place: Pune

Date: 26 April 2023

KPIT Technologies Limited

70:

letter and spirit

and is committed to the highest standards of corporate

governance and be considered as a good corporate

governed Company. The Company is passionate about

ESG (Environment, Social, Governance), since these three

elements are the core of KPIT and strengthen the Company

in continuing its journey towards our vision of creating a

cleaner, smarter, and safer world. The Company believes

that sound Corporate Governance is critical for enhancing

and retaining stakeholder trust and always seeks to

ensure that its performance goals are met accordingly.

The Company has established systems and procedures

to ensure that its Board of Directors is well informed and

well equipped to fulfill its overall responsibilities and to

provide management with the strategic direction needed

to create long term shareholders value.

To achieve our business vision, mission and establish

culture of excellence, we have incorporated seven key

behavioural attributes within our ecosystem. These are

part of performance management system also so that

each KPITian demonstrates this in everyday action.

Anyone who lives in the culture of excellence will LEARN

CONTINUOUSLY

to

build

world-class

competence.

While the competency is being developed, one gets the

opportunity to work on challenging projects. To produce

results in these challenging projects one needs to SEEK

CLARITY on the deliverables from the stakeholders,

repeatedly. In doing so, one needs to have the courage

and tact to PUSH BACK when not in alignment. Once

commitments are made, one must strive to KEEP

COMMITMENTS on every deliverable. If these attributes

are meticulously developed, the chances of success

increase multifold. In the small chance that one fails to

deliver, one needs to OWN FAILURES, without defending.

It's okay to fail, but not okay to repeat the mistakes. Hence,

one must document the learnings from the failures and

learn from the same. One’s success depends on others

too and one has the responsibility to grow others while

growing. With this spirit, one must SHARE KNOWLEDGE

of both success and failures with others. These steps will

catapult us to achieve our stated mission. This will make

everyone, together, CELEBRATE SUCCESS!!

The aforementioned seven behaviors are defined as

below:

Key

Behavioural

Aspect

(KBAs)

Definition

Learn

Continuously

Demonstrate learnability consistently,

seek feedback periodically (including

from younger colleagues) and provide

feedback constructively.

Seek Clarity

Seek clarity for each task.

Push Back

Push-back when not convinced, else

own the decisions.

Keep

Commitments

Keep to commitments on every

deliverable - time, quality, scope.

Own Failures

Own failures without justifications -

and list learnings.

Share

Knowledge

Share knowledge with others and help

them improve.

Celebrate

Success

Celebrate contribution and success of

all stakeholders.

Our philosophy is aimed at conducting business ethically,

efficiently and in a transparent manner; fulfilling its

corporate responsibility to various stakeholders and

retaining and enhancing investor trust and is based on

the following principles:

1.

Compliance with the relevant provisions of securities

laws and conformity with globally accepted practices

of

corporate

governance,

secretarial

standards

prescribed by the Institute of Company Secretaries of

India and laws of India in true spirit;

2.

Integrity in financial reporting and timeliness of

disclosures;

3.

Transparency in the functioning and practices of the

Board;

4. Balance between economic and social goals;

5.

Equitable treatment and rights of shareholders;

6. Maintenance of ethical culture within and outside the

organization;

7.

Establishing better enterprise risk management

framework and risk mitigation measures and

8. Maintaining independence of auditors.

We seek to protect the shareholders’ rights by providing

timely and sufficient information to the shareholders,

KPIT Technologies Limited

76:

letter and spirit in the preparation of financial statements

taking into account the interest of the stakeholders and

the annual audit is conducted by an independent and

qualified auditor. Investor updates and earnings call

transcript are uploaded on the Company’s website on

quarterly basis. Further, additional updates are provided

to the stakeholders on any matter that concerns them, as

and when the circumstances arise.

Our Board of Directors periodically reviews its corporate

strategies, annual budgets and sets, implements and

monitors corporate objectives. It effectively monitors the

Company’s governance practices and ensures transparent

Board processes. Further, it appoints and compensates

the key executives and also monitors their performance.

It strives to maintain overall integrity of the accounting

and financial reporting systems.

I.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

A. Size and composition of the Board

In order to maintain the independence of the Board,

we have a judicious mix of Executive, Non-Executive

and Independent Directors on the Board which is

essential to separate the two main Board functions

viz. governance and management. Out of the total

strength of eleven Directors as on March 31, 2023,

one is Non-Executive Chairman, four are Executive

Directors and six are Independent Directors. The

Board members have diverse backgrounds and

possess rich experience and expertise in various

industries such as automotive, energy & utilities,

manufacturing, electronics, finance and research. The

Board periodically evaluates the need for increasing

or decreasing its size. The composition of the Board

and the number of directorships held by each Director

both in the Company as well as outside the Company

is detailed in Table 1.

Table 1: The composition of the Board and the number of directorships held by them as on March 31, 2023

Sr.

No.

Name of

Director

Category of

Directorship

at KPIT

Relationship

with the

Directors

No. of

Director

ships held

in Public

Companies*

No. of

Committee

Membership

in

Companies@

No. of

Chairmanship

in

Committees@

Names of the listed entities

where the person is a

director and the category of

directorship

Name of listed

entity

Category of

directorship

1

Mr. S. B. (Ravi)

Pandit,

Chairman of

the Board

Non-

executive

Relative of

Mr. Chinmay

Pandit,

Executive

Director

2

1

Nil

Thermax

Limited

Independent

Director

2

Mr. Kishor Patil,

CEO &

Managing

Director

Executive

None

1

1

Nil

Nil

Nil

3

Mr. Sachin

Tikekar,

President &

Joint Managing

Director#

Executive

None

1

1

Nil

Nil

Nil

4

Mr. Anup Sable,

CTO & Whole-

time Director

Executive

None

1

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

5

Mr. Chinmay

Pandit,

Whole-time

Director %

Executive

Relative of

Mr. S. B.

(Ravi) Pandit,

Chairman of

the Board

1

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Statutory Reports

Annual Report 2022-23

77:

Managing Director of the Company with effect from April 01, 2022.

% Appointed with effect from July 26, 2022.

KPIT Technologies Limited

78:

letter of appointment to Independent

Directors

The Company has issued formal appointment

letters to the Independent Directors and brief

terms & conditions of which have been placed on

the Company’s website.

5.

Performance evaluation of Independent Directors

The

Nomination

and

Remuneration

(HR)

Committee has laid down criteria for performance

evaluation of Independent Directors, in its policy

which are given below:

a) Attendance at Board meetings and Board

Committee meetings;

b) Chairmanship of the Board and Board

Committees;

c) Contribution and deployment of knowledge

and expertise at the Board and Committee

meetings;

d) Guidance and support provided to senior

management of the Company outside the

Board meetings;

e) Independence of behavior and judgment; and

f)

Impact and influence.

As a part of the annual Board evaluation,

detailed questionnaires were circulated to all

the Directors. On the basis of responses received

on these questionnaires, the Chairman of the

Board and the Chairman of the Nomination and

Remuneration (HR) Committee evaluated the

Board’s performance and that of its committees.

The

Board

also

conducted

evaluation

of

independent

directors

which

included

KPIT Technologies Limited

80:

Managing Director, Mr. Sachin Tikekar

is a President & Joint: Managing Director, Mr. Anup

Sable is a CTO & Whole-time Director and Mr. Chinmay

Pandit is a Whole-time Director of the Company. The

authorities and responsibilities of each of the above

Directors are clearly demarcated as under:

Mr. S. B. (Ravi) Pandit,

Managing Director and Mr. Sachin Tikekar, President

& Joint: Managing

Managing Director (‘Non-

Executive Directors’), may be paid remuneration by

way of commission if the members of the Company,

authorize such payment. However, members of the

Company at their Annual General Meeting held on

Wednesday, August 25, 2021, have approved by way of

a special resolution:

1.

Overall maximum managerial remuneration limit

payable to its directors, including managing

director, whole-time director and manager, if

any, in respect of any financial year from 11% to

17% of the net profits of the Company, computed

in the manner as laid down in section 198 of the

Companies Act, 2013.

2.

The limit of 5% or 10% (as applicable), as

stipulated in section 197(1)(i) of the Companies

Act, 2013, payable to any one or more managing

directors or whole-time directors of the Company

in any financial year to 8% or 15% respectively

of the net profits of the Company, computed

in the manner laid down in section 198 of the

Companies Act, 2013 and in excess of limit under

regulation 17(6)(e) of the Securities and Exchange

Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

3.

The limit of 1%, as stipulated in clause (ii)(A) of the

first proviso to section 197(1) of the Companies

Act, 2013, payable to Non-executive Directors of

the Company in any financial year to 2% of the net

profits of the Company, computed in the manner

laid down in section 198 of the Companies Act, 2013.

The Board of Directors of the Company has approved

a commission of H 36.45 million (previous year H

24.32 million) to the Non-executive Directors of the

Company for the financial year 2022-23. There is no

other remuneration to the Non-executive Independent

Directors, except the Commission. The details of

remuneration to the Non-executive Independent

Directors for the financial year 2022-23 are given in

Table 10.

During the year under review, the Nomination and

Remuneration

(HR)

Committee

granted

10,000

options to Mr. Anup Sable, Whole-time Director under

‘KPIT Technologies Limited-Employee Stock Option

Scheme 2019A’ on July 25, 2022, at the exercise price

not less than face value of the shares as on date of

grant of option i.e., Rs. 10/- per option.

KPIT Technologies Limited

90:

Managing Director/Chief

Executive Officer.

2.

The Company prepares quarterly investor updates which

cover operational details apart from ﬁnancial details

which are uploaded on the website of the Company and

stock exchanges. Copies of the same are being provided

on request.

3.

The Internal Auditor presents the internal audit report

to the Audit Committee.

Training of Board members

During

the

year,

the

Board

members

were

provided with a deep and thorough insight into the

business model of the Company through detailed

presentations on the operational aspects of the

Company’s business. At every Board meeting, detailed

business presentations are made which are useful

to the Directors in understanding the business. The

presentations are made by the business leaders so

that the Directors are able to connect with the leaders

and also ask them related questions. Efforts are also

made to acquaint and train the Board members about

the emerging trends in the industry.

Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report

Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 34 of the

SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, read with SEBI

Circular

No.

SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD-2/P/CIR/2021/562

dated May 10, 2021, the Company has prepared a

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report giving

detailed information of the Company’s efforts towards

managing sustainable growth, initiatives taken from

an environmental, social and governance perspective

forms a part of this annual report.

Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute of

Company Secretaries of India

The Institute of Company Secretaries of India (‘ICSI’),

one of the premier professional bodies in India, has

issued 10 Secretarial Standards. Out of which 2

Secretarial Standards have been made mandatory

and 2 Secretarial standards are recommendatory as

per the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. The

Company adheres to these standards.

Declaration of the Chief Executive Officer & Managing

Director

This is to certify that the Company has laid down

code of conduct for all the Board members and senior

management personnel of the Company and the same is

uploaded on the website of the Company www.kpit.com.

Further, it is certified that the members of the Board

of Directors and senior management personnel have

afﬁrmed the compliance with the code applicable to

them during the year ended March 31, 2023.

Pune

Kishor Patil

July 25, 2023

CEO &: Managing

letter dated 13th September 2019

and addendum to the engagement: letter dated April

13, 2023.

2.

We have examined the compliance of conditions of

Corporate Governance by KPIT Technologies Limited

(“the Company”), for the year ended 31st March 2023,

as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b) to

(i) of regulation 46(2) and paragraphs C, D and E of

Schedule V of the Securities Exchange Board of India

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 as amended from time to time

(“Listing Regulations”) pursuant to the Listing

Agreement of the Company with Stock Exchanges.

Management’s Responsibility

3.

The

compliance

of

conditions

of

Corporate

Governance as stipulated under the listing regulations

is the responsibility of the Company’s Management

including the preparation and maintenance of all the

relevant records and documents. This responsibility

includes

the

design,

implementation

and

maintenance of internal control and procedures to

ensure compliance with the conditions of Corporate

Governance stipulated in the Listing Regulations.

Auditors’ Responsibility

4. Our examination was limited to the procedures and

implementation thereof adopted by the Company

for ensuring the compliance of the conditions of the

Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an

expression of opinion on the financial statements of

the Company.

5.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Listing Regulations,

it is our responsibility to provide a reasonable assurance

whether the Company has complied with the conditions

of Corporate Governance as stipulated in Listing

Regulations for the year ended 31st March 2023.

6. We conducted our examination of the above corporate

governance compliance by the Company in accordance

with the Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for

Special Purposes (Revised 2016) and Guidance Note

on Certification of Corporate Governance both issued

by the Institute of the Chartered Accountants of India

(the “ICAI”), in so far as applicable for the purpose of

this certificate. The Guidance Note requires that we

comply with the ethical requirements of the Code of

Ethics issued by the ICAI.

7.

We have complied with the relevant applicable

requirements of the Standard on Quality Control

(SQC) 1, Quality Control for Firms that Perform Audits

and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and

Other Assurance and Related Services Engagements.

Opinion

8. In our opinion and to the best of our information and

according to the explanations given to us, we certify

that the Company has complied with the conditions

of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the above-

mentioned Listing Regulations.

9. We state that such compliance is neither an

assurance as to the future viability of the Company

nor the efficiency or effectiveness with which the

management has conducted the affairs of the

Company.

Restriction on use

10. The certificate is addressed and provided to the

Members of the Company solely for the purpose

of enabling the Company to comply with the

requirement of the Listing Regulations and should not

be used by any other person or for any other purpose.

Accordingly, we do not accept or assume any liability

or any duty of care for any other purpose or to any

other person to whom this certificate is shown or into

whose hands it may come without our prior consent

in writing.

For B S R & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm’s Registration No: 101248W/ W-100022

Swapnil Dakshindas

Partner

Place: Pune

Membership No: 113896

Date: 26 April 2023

UDIN: 23113896BGYERS1225

KPIT Technologies Limited

94

Managing Director and Priyamvada Hardikar, Chief Financial Officer of KPIT Technologies

Limited (“the Company”) to the best of our knowledge and belief, certify that: -

A. We have reviewed financial statements (consolidated and standalone) for the year April 1, 2022, to March 31, 2023,

and to the best of our knowledge and belief:

(1) these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements

that might be misleading;

(2) these statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with

existing accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.

B. There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the listed entity during the year

i.e., April 1, 2022, to March 31, 2023, which are fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company’s code of conduct.

C. We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that we have

evaluated the effectiveness of internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting and we

have disclosed to the auditors and the Audit Committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal

controls, if any, of which we are aware and the steps we have taken or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies.

D. We have indicated to the auditors and the Audit Committee: -

(1) significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year i.e., April 1, 2022, to March 31,

2023.

(2) significant changes in accounting policies during the year and the same have been disclosed in the notes to the

financial statements.

(3) instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of the management

or an employee having a significant role in the Company’s internal control system over financial reporting.

Kishor Patil

Priyamvada Hardikar

CEO &: Managing

Letter from Chairman’s Desk, Joint: Letter from CEO &

Managing

letter has been attached to this

report requesting all the shareholders whose email

addresses are not registered with their depository

participants or our Registrar and Share Transfer Agent,

KFin Technologies Limited or with the Company to

update their email addresses.

26. Board members’ profiles:

The Board of Directors of the Company consists of

executive and non-executive members. The present

Board consists of following members:

Co-Founder & Chairman

Mr. S. B. (Ravi) Pandit is the Co-founder and

Chairman of board of KPIT Technologies Limited.

Since its inception, his ambitious vision has steered

KPIT towards achieving a global leadership position as

an engineering technology partner to the automotive

industry to make it safer, smarter and cleaner

through green energy generation, storage and usage

technologies. He has been instrumental in shaping

KPIT’s vertical focus strategy and building a unique

partnership model based on the tenets of innovation

and sustainable development. Having run a Chartered

Accountancy firm for close to a decade after finishing

his masters studies, Mr. Pandit decided to venture

into Information Technology consulting and services,

thus setting up KPIT, with his co-founders, in 1990 and

over the last 20+ years, KPIT, under the leadership of

Mr. Pandit, has combined its deep industry & technology

expertise, presence in relevant geographies and highly

scalable delivery infrastructure to enable clients

expand their product development footprint, enhance

operational efficiencies and optimize processes.

Mr. Pandit has been a Director on our Board since

incorporation. He shouldered the responsibility as a

Chairman & Executive Director (Whole-time) till March

28, 2020, and thereafter, he has been a Chairman

(Non-Executive Director) of the board.

Mr. Pandit has been awarded the prestigious Rotary

Excellence Award for exemplary leadership and

outstanding performance. He has also been honored

with the Maharashtra Corporate Excellence (MAXELL)

Awards for Excellence in Entrepreneurship and

for his contribution to the economic and industrial

development of Pune City; he has also been conferred

with the prestigious Samata Award. In recognition of

his tremendous contribution to global technology and

mobility sectors as well as his significant contribution

in promoting UK-India business and academic

relationships, recently, he has been awarded with

honorary doctorate by Coventry University, UK.

Mr. Pandit has deep interest in social issues and

is a founder trustee of Janwani, an NGO which is

focused on improvements in urban India, and he is

a founder trustee of the Pune International Centre, a

National level think tank working on policy issues. His

recent co-authored book called ‘From Leap Frogging

to Pole Vaulting’, recipient of the ‘Business book of

the year 2019 award’, shares his vision, thoughts and

frameworks on solving global issues and convinces

readers of radical transformation towards the coveted

sustainable future.

The results and presentations made to institutional investors & analysts have also been regularly uploaded in Investor

section of our website, www.kpit.com.

KPIT Technologies Limited

146:

Managing Director

Mr. Kishor Patil is the Co-founder, CEO and Managing

Director of KPIT Technologies Limited – one of the

largest Software Integration partners in the global

automotive and Mobility industry. KPIT’s vision is to

Reimagine Mobility in partnership with the industry,

clients, and partners for creating a cleaner, smarter,

and safer world.

Mr. Patil co-founded KPIT in 1990. In 2018, the

Company decided to undergo a comprehensive

merger-demerger scheme to create a mobility-

focused Company, KPIT Technologies Limited. In the

span of 4 years, the Company has crossed a market

capitalization of more than USD 3Bn through organic

growth and global acquisitions.

Mr. Patil strategized and led the merger demerger

process to reincarnate KPIT in its current avatar. Mr.

Patil has since then redefined the Company strategy

with a new Vision and Mission aimed at gaining global

leadership in the areas of operation of the Company.

His relentless focus on execution of the redefined

strategy has led the Company to quadruple its revenues

in the last 4 years with consistent improvement

in operational margins, cash conversion and the

efficiency of the overall operations of the Company.

His acumen in identifying the right partners, either

for acquisition or for joint go to market strategies has

abetted acceleration of the strategy implementation

and achievement of defined milestones as per the

strategic objectives.

In 2014, Mr. Patil was honored with the CA Business

Leader Award – Corporate award, by the Institute of

Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI). The ICAI Awards

felicitate chartered accountants who create value

for their Company’s stakeholders on a sustainable

basis. For his excellence in entrepreneurship, he has

also been honored with the Maharashtra Corporate

Excellence (MAXELL) Awards 2014. In 2013, Mr. Patil

was named among the top 16 entrepreneurs in India

by Ernst and Young in its Entrepreneur of the Year

award program. He was recognized among the Top

50 CEOs of 2013 by The Entrepreneur Magazine and

was also awarded the 2013 Rotary Excellence Award.

He is a prolific speaker and has presented at various

national & international forums including the World

Economic Forum, on topics such as entrepreneurship,

innovation, building high performance organizations,

and business transformation. He has won several

national and international awards including the Wall

Street Journal Technology Innovation Award, and

Knowledge@Wharton Technovation Award. Recently,

Mr. Kishor Patil has been awarded the ‘Best CEO of the

year’ award by ET Ascent.

Mr. Patil is a fellow member of the Institute of

Chartered Accountants of India, and a member of the

Institute of Cost Accountants of India.

Whole-time Director

Mr. Sachin Tikekar is the Co-Founder, President &

Joint: Managing

Managing Director of

the Cummins Group in India from March 2004 through

October 2017, was a member of the Cummins Inc. global

leadership team from August 2009 till October 2017

and the President of the Cummins Inc. Components

Group from 2010 through 2014. He has also served

as the: Managing

Managing Director

Membership No. 113896

DIN: 00075861

DIN: 00076190

Priyamvada Hardikar

Nida Deshpande

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Pune

Place: Pune

Date: 26 April 2023

Date: 26 April 2023

Financial Statements

Annual Report 2022-23

165:

Managing Director

Membership No. 113896

DIN: 00075861

DIN: 00076190

Priyamvada Hardikar

Nida Deshpande

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Pune

Place: Pune

Date: 26 April 2023

Date: 26 April 2023

KPIT Technologies Limited

166:

Managing Director

Membership No. 113896

DIN: 00075861

DIN: 00076190

Priyamvada Hardikar

Nida Deshpande

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Pune

Place: Pune

Date: 26 April 2023

Date: 26 April 2023

(Amount in H million)

Nature and purpose of reserves:

i)

Capital reserve

Any profit or loss on purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Company’s own equity instruments is

transferred to capital reserve. Any surplus or shortfall on account of merger/demerger within common control

is also transferred to capital reserve. This reserve is not available for distribution of dividend.

ii) General reserve

During the year ended 31 March 2019, general reserve amounting to H 34.38 million was transferred to the

Company on account of composite scheme of arrangement - demerger scheme. The general reserve is used

from time to time to transfer profits from retained earnings for appropriation purposes. As the general reserve

is created by a transfer from one component of equity to another and is not an item of other comprehensive

income, items included in the general reserve will not be reclassified subsequently to Statement of Profit and

Loss.

iii) Retained earnings

It comprises of the undistributed accumulated earnings of the Company as on the balance sheet date. This

amount can be used to distribute dividend to equity shareholders.

iv) Share based payment reserve

Share based payment reserve is used to record the fair value of equity-settled share-based payment

transactions with employees. Refer note 35 for the details of employee stock options and share purchase

schemes.

v) Special Economic Zone Re-investment reserve

The Special Economic Zone Re-investment Reserve has been created out of the profit of eligible SEZ units

in terms of the provisions of Sec 10AA(1)(ii) of the Income-tax Act, 1961. The reserve will be utilized by the

Company for acquiring new assets for the purpose of its business as per the terms of the Sec 10AA(2) of the

Income-tax Act, 1961.

KPIT Technologies Limited

168:

Managing Director

Membership No. 113896

DIN: 00075861

DIN: 00076190

Priyamvada Hardikar

Nida Deshpande

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Pune

Place: Pune

Date: 26 April 2023

Date: 26 April 2023

Statement of Cash Flows

(Amount in H million)

Financial Statements

Annual Report 2022-23

171:

Managing Director

Membership No. 113896

DIN: 00075861

DIN: 00076190

Priyamvada Hardikar

Nida Deshpande

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Pune

Place: Pune

Date: 26 April 2023

Date: 26 April 2023

Financial Statements

Annual Report 2022-23

227:

Managing Director

Membership No. 113896

DIN: 00075861

DIN: 00076190

Priyamvada Hardikar

Nida Deshpande

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Pune

Place: Pune

Date: 26 April 2023

Date: 26 April 2023

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements

Financial Statements

Annual Report 2022-23

239:

Managing Director

Membership No. 113896

DIN: 00075861

DIN: 00076190

Priyamvada Hardikar

Nida Deshpande

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Pune

Place: Pune

Date: 26 April 2023

Date: 26 April 2023

(Amount in J million)

Particulars

Note

For the

year ended

31 March 2023

For the

year ended

31 March 2022

Exchange differences on translation of financial statements of

foreign operations

654.40

13.51

Effective portion of gains on hedging instruments in cash flow

hedges

39

(167.45)

20.17

Income tax on items that will be reclassified subsequently to

profit or loss

58.00

(6.94)

Total other comprehensive income/(loss)

485.68

(22.69)

Total comprehensive income for the year

4,354.31

2,739.74

Profit for the year attributable to

Owners of the Company

3,809.98

2,742.33

Non-controlling interests

58.65

20.10

3,868.63

2,762.43

Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year attributable to

Owners of the Company

491.82

(28.14)

Non-controlling interests

(6.14)

5.45

485.68

(22.69)

Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to

Owners of the Company

4,301.80

2,714.19

Non-controlling interests

52.51

25.55

4,354.31

2,739.74

Earnings per equity share (face value per share J 10 each)

46

Basic

14.10

10.17

Diluted

13.95

10.05

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements

Financial Statements

Annual Report 2022-23

241:

Managing Director

Membership No. 113896

DIN: 00075861

DIN: 00076190

Priyamvada Hardikar

Nida Deshpande

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Pune

Place: Pune

Date: 26 April 2023

Date: 26 April 2023

Nature and purpose of reserves:

i)

Capital reserve

Any profit or loss on purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Company’s own equity instruments is

transferred to capital reserve. It also includes any surplus or shortfall on account of:

-

merger/demerger within common control

-

purchase of stake in minority share holder

-

gain from a bargain purchase

This reserve is not available for distribution of dividend.

ii) General reserve

During the year ended 31 March 2019, general reserve amounting to J (113.92) million was transferred to

the Company on account of composite scheme of arrangement - demerger scheme. The reserve pertains

to general reserve amounting to J (148.30) million of the subsidiary company and J 34.38 million of the

parent company. The general reserve is used from time to time to transfer profits from retained earnings

for appropriation purposes. As the general reserve is created by a transfer from one component of equity to

another and is not an item of other comprehensive income, items included in the general reserve will not be

reclassified subsequently to Statement of Profit and Loss.

iii) Retained earnings

It comprises of the undistributed accumulated earnings of the Group as on the balance sheet date. This

amount can be used to distribute dividend to equity shareholders.

iv) Share based payment reserve

Share based payment reserve is used to record the fair value of equity-settled share-based payment

transactions with employees. Refer note 44 for the details of employee stock options and share purchase

schemes.

v) Foreign currency translation reserve

The exchange differences arising from the translation of financial statements of foreign operations with

functional currency other than Indian rupees is recognised in other comprehensive income and is presented

within equity in the foreign currency translation reserve.

vi) Special Economic Zone Re-investment reserve

The Special Economic Zone Re-investment Reserve has been created out of the profit of eligible SEZ units

in terms of the provisions of Sec 10AA(1)(ii) of the Income-tax Act, 1961. The reserve will be utilized by the

Company for acquiring new assets for the purpose of its business as per the terms of the Sec 10AA(2) of the

Income-tax Act, 1961.

KPIT Technologies Limited

244:

Managing Director

Membership No. 113896

DIN: 00075861

DIN: 00076190

Priyamvada Hardikar

Nida Deshpande

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Pune

Place: Pune

Date: 26 April 2023

Date: 26 April 2023

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flow

(Amount in J million)

Financial Statements

Annual Report 2022-23

247:

Managing Director

Membership No. 113896

DIN: 00075861

DIN: 00076190

Priyamvada Hardikar

Nida Deshpande

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Pune

Place: Pune

Date: 26 April 2023

Date: 26 April 2023

(ix) None of the entities in the Group have been declared wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution

or government or any government authority.

(x) The Group has complied with the number of layers prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013.

(xi) The Group has not entered into any scheme of arrangement which has an accounting impact on current

or previous financial year.

56 The Company has established a system of maintenance of information and documents as required by the

transfer pricing legislation under Section 92-92F of the Income Tax Act 1961. The Company is in the process

of updating the documentation for the Financial Year 2022-2023.

The management is of the opinion that international transactions are at arm’s length and accordingly the

aforesaid legislation will not have any impact on the financial statements, particularly on the amount of tax

expenses and that of provision for taxation.

Financial Statements

Annual Report 2022-23

313:

Managing Director of the Company,

for a further period of five years with effect from

January 16, 2024 to January 15, 2029 on the terms

and conditions specified in the Agreement to be

entered into between the Company and Mr. Kishor

Patil with liberty to the Board of Directors, to alter

or vary the terms and conditions and remuneration

including minimum remuneration as it may deem fit

and in such manner as may be agreed to between the

Board and Mr. Kishor Patil.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT approval be and is hereby

accorded to the payment of remuneration to Mr.

Kishor Patil as set out in the Explanatory Statement

annexed to the Notice and the Board of Directors of

the Company be and is hereby authorized to revise the

said remuneration from time to time subject to the

Notice

Annual Report 2022-23

315:

Letter of Engagement specifying the detailed terms of

appointment shall be finalized by Chief Financial Officer

(CFO) in consultation with Chairman of Audit Committee

and such terms shall specifically include the conditions

as mentioned in para 6(A) and 6(B) of the SEBI circular

dated October 18, 2019, bearing reference no. CIR/CFD/

CMD1/114/2019 and such other conditions as may be

specified by applicable law in force.

BSR consented to the said appointment and confirmed

that their appointment, if made, would be within the limits

specified under Section 141 of the Act. They have further

confirmed that, they are not disqualified to be appointed

as Statutory Auditors in terms of the provisions of the

proviso to Section 139(1), Section 141(2) and Section 141(3)

of the Act and the provisions of the Companies (Audit and

Auditors) Rules, 2014.

None of the Directors or key managerial personnel or

relatives of other directors or key managerial personnel

is concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the

proposed resolution.

The Board of Directors recommends the Ordinary

Resolution set forth as Item No. 5 of the notice for

approval of the shareholders.

Item No. 6:

Mr. Anant Talaulicar holds a bachelor’s degree in mechanical

engineering from Mysore University, a master’s degree

from the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor and an MBA

degree from Tulane University, USA. He was the Chairman

and: Managing

Managing Director of Tata Cummins

Private Limited, a 50:50 joint venture between Cummins

Inc. and Tata Motors Limited. He has chaired the boards

of four other Cummins legal entities in India as well. He

worked as a financial analyst, manufacturing engineer,

project manager, product manager, strategy manager

before taking various general management positions. He

has also led the Cummins India Foundation which has

implemented sustainable community initiatives such

as model villages and higher education. He has served

as a member of the Confederation of Indian Industries

(CII), Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM)

and Automobile Components Manufacturers Association

(ACMA) in the past.

Aside from his board and trust memberships, Mr. Talaulicar

is engaged as an advisor to companies and a start-up. He

is a part time advisor and lecturer at the SP Jain Institute

of Management & Research. He is funding the Usha

Jaivant Foundation to educate financially disadvantaged

rural youth through college and educating them about

important aspects of spirituality, values and life skills.

Mr. Anant Talaulicar has been appointed as an Independent

Director of the Company by the Members in the AGM

held on August 28, 2019, to hold office from January 16,

2019, till January 15, 2024 (first term). Mr. Talaulicar is

well conversant with the Company’s business industry

& related business areas of the Company. He brings

independent judgement and gives thoughtful directions

in Board room discussions or otherwise. He has played an

immense role in structuring & overseeing the initiatives

taken by CSR and People functions at KPIT. He has been a

keen observer of the IT industry for decades and his vision

domain has helped the Company to achieve significant

growth in strategy & planning at a global level.

After taking into account the performance evaluation of

Mr. Anant Talaulicar during his first term of five years and

considering his knowledge, acumen, expertise, experience

and substantial contribution and time commitment,

the Nomination and Remuneration (HR) Committee has

recommended to the Board his reappointment for a second

term of five years. The Nomination and Remuneration (HR)

Committee has considered his diverse skills, leadership

capabilities, expertise in governance and finance, risk

management and vast global business experience, among

others, as being key requirements for this role and

recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration (HR)

Committee, the Board is of the view that Mr. Anant Talaulicar

possesses the requisite skills and capabilities, which would

be of immense benefit to the Company, and hence, it is

desirable to reappoint him as an independent director.

Based on the recommendation of the Nomination

and Remuneration (HR) Committee, the Board has

recommended the reappointment of Mr. Anant Talaulicar

as an independent director, not liable to retire by rotation,

for a second term of five years effective January 16, 2024,

to January 15, 2029.

The Company has received a notice in writing from a member

under Section 160 of the Act proposing the candidature of

Mr. Anant Talaulicar for the office of Independent Director

of the Company. Mr. Anant Talaulicar is not disqualified

from being appointed as Director in terms of Section 164

of the Act and has given his consent to act as Director.

According to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the

appointment of independent director(s) of the Company

shall be approved at the meeting of shareholders.

Accordingly, it is proposed to approve the reappointment

of Mr. Talaulicar as an Independent Director in the AGM

for second term of five years from January 16, 2024, not

liable to retire by rotation.

Mr. Talaulicar will be entitled to receive sitting fees

and commission in the same manner as any other

independent director is entitled to. The terms and

conditions of appointment are given more elaborately in

the appointment: letter of Independent

letter of Independent

Directors displayed on the website of the Company at

(https://www.kpit.com/investors/corporate-governance/).

Prof. Alberto Sangiovanni Vincentelli has submitted a

declaration of his independent status as required under

Section 149 of the Companies Act, 2013 and that he is

not disqualified from being appointed as a Director by

the SEBI or any other authority, which has been taken

on record by the Board of Directors of the Company. In

the opinion of the Board of Directors, Prof. Alberto fulfills

the conditions specified in the Companies Act, 2013 and

the rules made thereunder and SEBI LODR, 2015 for being

appointed as an Independent Director and Prof. Alberto is

independent of the management.

Other details of Prof. Alberto Sangiovanni Vincentelli are

given in a tabular format (Annexure-A) below, which forms

part of this notice.

Prof. Alberto Sangiovanni Vincentelli is not related to any

other director or key managerial personnel of the Company

or relatives of Directors or key managerial personnel.

Prof. Alberto Sangiovanni Vincentelli is concerned or

interested in the proposed resolution to the extent of the

remuneration that the office of an independent director

may incur.

None of the other Directors or key managerial personnel

or relatives of other directors or key managerial personnel

is concerned or interested in the proposed resolution.

The Board of Directors recommends the Special Resolution

set forth as Item No. 7 of the notice for approval of the

shareholders.

Item No. 8:

Mr. BVR Subbu is an automotive industry expert and a

widely acknowledged thought leader. He holds a bachelor’s

degree in arts (honors) from the Bangalore University and

a post graduate degree in Economics from Jawaharlal

Notice

Annual Report 2022-23

321:

letter of Independent Directors displayed

on the website of the Company at (https://www.kpit.com/

investors/corporate-governance/ ).

Mr. Subbu has submitted a declaration of his independent

status as required under Section 149 of the Companies Act,

2013 and that he is not disqualified from being appointed

as a Director by the SEBI or any other authority, which

has been taken on record by the Board of Directors of

the Company. In the opinion of the Board of Directors, Mr.

Subbu fulfills the conditions specified in the Companies

Act, 2013 and the rules made thereunder and SEBI LODR,

2015 for being appointed as an Independent Director and

Mr. Subbu is independent of the management.

Other details of Mr. BVR Subbu are given in a tabular

format (Annexure-A) below, which forms part of this

notice.

Mr. BVR Subbu is not related to any other director or

key managerial personnel of the Company or relatives of

Directors or key managerial personnel.

Mr. BVR Subbu is concerned or interested in the proposed

resolution to the extent of the remuneration that the

office of an independent director may incur.

None of the other Directors or key managerial personnel

or relatives of other directors or key managerial personnel

is concerned or interested in the proposed resolution.

The Board of Directors recommends the Special Resolution

set forth as Item No. 8 of the notice for approval of the

shareholders.

Item No. 9:

Mr. Srinath Batni holds a Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical

Engineering from Mysore University and a Master’s degree

in Mechanical Engineering from the Indian Institute of

Science, Bangalore. He started his career with BHEL, a

heavy engineering manufacturing Company, in the field of

Design and R&D as an engineer trainee.

During the early eighties, with the advent of mainframe

computers in business enterprises, he shifted focus to

business systems domain. During this period, he was

the member of the team responsible for designing and

implementing enterprise wise material planning system

using network database on ICL mainframe.

Mr. Batni took up the responsibility of Head of technical

support for marketing the Bull main frames at PSI

Data Systems Ltd when banks started automating the

processes. His responsibility included technical bidding /

sales, benchmarking and training the clients on systems

implementation. After a brief period of two years, he

joined Infosys Technologies Ltd as a Project Manager in its

nascent stage. He held various positions and responsible

for project management, managing the growth and

preparing for scaling up through various initiatives. He was

formally inducted to the board as an executive member of

the board in the year 2000. He served as Head of Global

Delivery- IT & Quality until retirement in the year 2014.

He was also responsible for starting Infosys operation in

China and Australia. During this period, he also served

as the member of the executive committee of NASSCOM

KPIT Technologies Limited

322:

letter of Independent Directors displayed

on the website of the Company at (https://www.kpit.com/

investors/corporate-governance).

Mr. Batni has submitted a declaration of his independent

status as required under Section 149 of the Companies

Act, 2013 and that he is not disqualified from being

appointed as a Director by the SEBI or any other authority,

which has been taken on record by the Board of Directors

of the Company. In the opinion of the Board of Directors,

Mr. Batni fulfills the conditions specified in the Companies

Act, 2013 and the rules made thereunder and SEBI LODR,

2015 for being appointed as an Independent Director and

Mr. Batni is independent of the management.

Other details of Mr. Srinath Batni are given in a tabular

format (Annexure-A) below, which forms part of this

notice.

Mr. Batni is not related to any other director or key

managerial personnel of the Company or relatives of

Directors or key managerial personnel.

Mr. Batni is concerned or interested in the proposed

resolution to the extent of the remuneration that the

office of an independent director may incur.

None of the other Directors or key managerial personnel

or relatives of other directors or key managerial personnel

is concerned or interested in the proposed resolution.

The Board of Directors recommends the Special Resolution

set forth as Item No. 9 of the notice for approval of the

shareholders.

Item No. 4 & 10:

Mr. Kishor Patil is the Co-founder, CEO and Managing

Director of KPIT Technologies Limited – one of the largest

Software Integration partners in the global automotive

and Mobility industry. KPIT’s vision is to Reimagine Mobility

in partnership with the industry, clients, and partners for

creating a cleaner, smarter, and safer world.

Mr. Patil co-founded KPIT in 1990. In 2018, the Company

decided to undergo a comprehensive merger-demerger

scheme to create a mobility-focused Company, KPIT

Technologies Limited. In the span of 4 years, the Company

has crossed a market capitalization of more than USD

3Bn through organic growth and global acquisitions.

Mr. Patil strategized and led the merger demerger

process to reincarnate KPIT in its current avatar. Mr.

Patil has since then redefined the Company strategy

with a new Vision and Mission aimed at gaining global

leadership in the areas of operation of the Company. His

relentless focus on execution of the redefined strategy

has led the Company to quadruple its revenues in the

last 4 years with consistent improvement in operational

margins, cash conversion and the efficiency of the overall

operations of the Company. His acumen in identifying

the right partners, either for acquisition or for joint go to

market strategies has abetted acceleration of the strategy

implementation and achievement of defined milestones

as per the strategic objectives.

In 2014, Mr. Patil was honored with the CA Business

Leader Award – Corporate award, by the Institute of

Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI). The ICAI Awards

felicitate chartered accountants who create value for

Notice

Annual Report 2022-23

323:

Managing Director of the Company to hold

office for a further period of five years with effect from

January 16, 2024.

The Company has received a notice in writing under

Section 160 of the Act from a member proposing the

candidature of Mr. Kishor Patil for the office of Director

of the Company. Mr. Kishor Patil is not disqualified from

being appointed as Director in terms of Section 164 of the

Act and has given his consent to act as Director.

Brief terms and conditions of reappointment of Mr. Kishor

Patil are given below:

The total remuneration payable from the Company

includes aggregate of basic salary, allowances, perquisites,

other benefits, variable performance incentive, special

incentives & increments as per the policy of the Company,

as mentioned in points (a), (b), and (c) below, shall be

payable to Mr. Kishor Patil with effect from January 16,

2024 for a further period of five years and shall be within

the limits approved by special resolution under section

197 of the Act and Securities and Exchange Board of

India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 passed by the Members in the AGM held

on August 25, 2021. The limits approved are, payment of

remuneration to executive director of the Company shall

not be in excess of 8% of the Net Profit of the Company

(computed in a manner laid down in Section 198 of

the Act) and payment of remuneration to all Executive

Directors of the Company shall not be in excess of 15% of

the Net Profit of the Company (computed in a manner laid

down in Section 198 of the Act) for each of the financial

years from 2021-22 and onwards for a period of five years.

a) He shall be paid a fixed basic salary, perquisites,

and allowances of H 400 lacs per annum, from the

Company, subject to maximum annual increase up

to 15% over the fixed basic salary, perquisites, and

allowances for the previous year by the Board of

Directors on recommendation of the Nomination

& Remuneration (HR) Committee of the Board of

Directors, from time to time.

Variable performance incentives, special bonus incentives,

other benefits and increments as per the policy of the

Company as detailed below in point (b) and (c) shall be

excluded from the aforementioned range.

b) Variable incentive, special incentives upto a maximum

of 60% of the total remuneration payable, from the

Company and any modification thereof, based on the

Company performance and individual performance,

as may be decided by the Board of Directors on

recommendation of the Nomination & Remuneration

(HR) Committee of the Board of Directors, from time

to time.

c) The following other benefits shall be allowed to the

CEO &: Managing

Managing Director shall be approved by the Members at a

general meeting of the Company.

Mr. Patil is not related to any other Director or Key

Managerial Personnel of the Company or the relatives of

other Directors or Key Managerial Personnel.

Mr. Patil is concerned or interested in this resolution to

the extent of the remuneration payable to him under the

authority of the resolution.

None of the other Directors or key managerial personnel

or relatives of other directors or key managerial personnel

is concerned or interested in the proposed resolution.

The Board of Directors recommends the Ordinary

Resolution set forth as Item No. 4 & 10 respectively of the

notice for approval of the shareholders.

Item No. 11:

Mr. Sachin Tikekar is the Co-Founder, President & Joint: Managing

Managing Director (Whole-Time) shall be approved by

the Members at a general meeting of the Company.

Mr. Tikekar is not related to any other Director or Key

Managerial Personnel of the Company or the relatives

of other Directors or Key Managerial Personnel.

Mr. Tikekar is concerned or interested in this

resolution to the extent of the remuneration payable

to him under the authority of the resolution.

None of the other Directors or key managerial

personnel or relatives of other directors or key

managerial personnel is concerned or interested in

the proposed resolution.

The Board of Directors recommends the Ordinary

Resolution set forth as Item No. 11 of the notice for

approval of the shareholders.

Item No. 12:

Ms. Jayada Chinmay Pandit is relative of Mr. Chinmay Pandit,

Whole-time Director and Mr. S. B. (Ravi) Pandit, Chairman

of the Board and thus falls within the definition of relative

under the Companies Act, 2013 and her employment with

the Company would attract the provisions of Section 188

(1) of the Companies Act, 2013, for which approval of the

members of the Company by way of Ordinary Resolution

would be required.

The shareholders in their meeting held on August 28,

2019, approved the appointment of Ms. Jayada Pandit on

recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration

(HR) Committee, as Manager – Business Unit Marketing

with effect from August 28, 2019, at a remuneration up to

H 45 Lacs p.a.

On recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration

(HR) Committee, the Board of Directors in their meeting

held on July 25, 2023 accorded its approval to Ms.

Jayada Pandit to hold office or place of profit in the

Company and to fulfil the Company’s business needs

from time to time, she may be assigned or deputed as a

representative, to other locations of the Company, group

companies, subsidiaries, associate companies, and any of

their branches, present and future, in India or abroad, as

Sr. Manager - Marketing with effect from August 29, 2023

at a remuneration up to H 60 Lacs per annum inclusive of

salary, allowances, perquisites, benefits, amenities, but

exclusive of variable performance incentives per annum,

special bonus incentive per annum and increment as

per the policy of the Company as applicable to the other

employees in her grade with effect from August 29, 2023,

being relative of Mr. Chinmay Pandit, Whole-time Director

& Mr. S. B. (Ravi) Pandit, Chairman of the Board.

Ms. Jayada Pandit joined KPIT in 2004 and has worked

in India as well as USA locations, in various capacities

KPIT Technologies Limited

326:

letter etc. with attested specimen signature

of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are

authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to

jbbhave@gmail.com with a copy marked to evoting@

nsdl.co.in. Institutional shareholders (i.e., other than

individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board

Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority: Letter etc.

by clicking on "Upload Board Resolution / Authority

Letter" displayed under "e-Voting" tab in their

login.

5.

Only bonafide shareholders of the Company whose

names appear on the register of shareholders, will be

permitted to attend the meeting through VC/OAVM.

The Company reserves its right to take all necessary

steps as may be deemed necessary to restrict non-

shareholders from attending the meeting.

6. Shareholders whose names appear in the Register of

Shareholders/ list of Beneficial Owners as on Tuesday,

August 22, 2023, being the cut-off date, are entitled

to vote on the Resolutions set forth in this Notice.

7.

Any person holding shares in physical form and non-

individual shareholders, who acquires shares of the

Company and becomes member of the Company

after the notice is send through e-mail and holding

shares as of the cut-off date i.e., Tuesday, August

22, 2023, may obtain the login ID and password by

sending a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in or Issuer/

RTA. However, if you are already registered with NSDL

for remote e-voting, then you can use your existing

user ID and password for casting your vote. If you

forgot your password, you can reset your password

by using “Forgot User Details/Password” or “Physical

User Reset Password” option available on www.

evoting.nsdl.comor call on 022 - 4886 7000 and 022 -

2499 7000. In case of Individual Shareholders holding

securities in demat mode who acquires shares of the

Company and becomes a Member of the Company

after sending of the Notice and holding shares as of

the cut-off date i.e., Tuesday, August 22, 2023, may

follow steps mentioned in the Notice of the AGM

under “Access to NSDL e-Voting system”.

8. In case of Holders attending the AGM, only such

Joint Holder who is named first in the order of

names will be entitled to vote. A person who is not

a shareholder as on the cutoff date should treat

this Notice for information purposes only. Once the

vote on a Resolution(s) is cast by the shareholders,

the shareholder shall not be allowed to change it

subsequently.

9. It is strongly recommended not to share your password

with any other person and take utmost care to keep

your password confidential. Login to the e-voting

website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful

attempts to key in the correct password. In such

an event, you will need to go through the “Forgot

User Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset

Password?” option available on www.evoting.nsdl.

com to reset the password.

10. In case of any queries/grievances pertaining to remote

e-Voting (before/during the AGM), you may refer the

Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders

and e-Voting user manual for Shareholders available

at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or

call at 022 - 4886 7000 and 022 - 2499 7000 or send

a request to at evoting@nsdl.co.in or contact Mr. Amit

Vishal or Ms. Pallavi Mhatre from NSDL at evoting@

nsdl.co.in.

Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not

registered with the depositories for procuring user id and

password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting for

the resolutions set out in this notice:

1.

In case shares are held in physical mode, please

provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy

of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self-

attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-

attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to

evoting@nsdl.co.in.

2.

In case shares are held in demat mode, please

provide DPID-CLID (16-digit DPID + CLID or 16-digit

beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy of

Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self-attested

scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested

scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to evoting@nsdl.co.in.

If you are an Individual shareholder holding securities

in demat mode, you are requested to refer to the login

method explained at step 1 (A) i.e., Login method for

e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual

shareholders holding securities in demat mode.

3.

Alternatively, shareholder/members may send a

request to evoting@nsdl.co.in for procuring user

id and password for e-voting by providing above

mentioned documents.

4. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020,

on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies,

Individual shareholders holding securities in demat

mode are allowed to vote through their demat

account maintained with Depositories and Depository

Participants. Shareholders are required to update

their mobile number and email ID correctly in their

demat account in order to access e-Voting facility.

THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR e-VOTING

DURING AGM ARE AS UNDER: -

1.

The procedure for e-Voting during AGM is same as the

instructions mentioned above for remote e-voting.

2.

Only those Members/ shareholders, who will be

present in the AGM through VC/OAVM facility and

KPIT Technologies Limited

334

Managing Director

Company Secretary

Sachin Tikekar

Auditors

President & Joint: Managing Director

B S R & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants,

Anup Sable

8th Floor, Business Plaza,

Whole-time Director

Westin Hotel Campus,

36/3-B, Koregaon Park Annex,

Chinmay Pandit

Mundhwa Road, Pune - 411001.

Whole-time Director

(w.e.f. July 26, 2022)

Legal Advisors

Anant Talaulicar

Khaitan & Co.

Independent Director

One Indiabulls Centre,

10th & 13th Floor, Tower 1,

B V R Subbu

841 Senapati Bapat Marg,

Independent Director

Mumbai – 400 013.

India.

Prof. Alberto Sangiovanni Vincentelli

Independent Director

Financial Institutions

Dr. Nickhil Jakatdar

-

HDFC Bank Limited

Independent Director

-

The Hongkong & Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited

-

Citibank N.A.

Bhavna Doshi

-

Axis Bank Limited

Independent Director

-

Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited

-

ICICI Bank Limited

Prof. Rajiv Lal

-

The IDBI Bank Limited

Independent Director

-

DBS Bank Limited

Srinath Batni

Additional & Independent Director (w.e.f. July 25, 2023)

Board of Directors

Corporate Leadership Team

S. B. (Ravi) Pandit

-

