Dear Shareholders,

It is with great pleasure that I address all of you today, as we

collectively navigate through the challenges posed by the

macro-economic landscape. I want to express my sincere

appreciation for the unwavering commitment and dedication

shown by every member of the SWREL family. Your efforts

have been instrumental in helping us overcome the obstacles

of the past year, and I am confident that together, we will

continue to make remarkable progress on our journey

forward.

I take immense pride in stating that SWREL has once again

emerged as one of India’s leading solar EPC companies.

Our success is a testament to the trust placed in us by our

stakeholders and the leadership we have demonstrated in

winning and executing complex projects, both domestically

and globally. We have established an impressive portfolio

of EPC projects, totalling 14.7 GWp of capacity, along with a

strong O&M portfolio of 6.4 GWp.

Our partnership with Reliance Industries has been a significant

advantage for us. As RIL accelerates its commitment to

06

Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited Annual Report 2022-23:

letter

etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized

signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer

by e-mail to auditteam@mgconsulting.in with a copy

marked to ir@sterlingwilson.com and evoting@nsdl.co.in.

6.

Members are encouraged to join the AGM through

Laptops/ Ipads connected through broadband and

allow the camera functionality for a better and

seamless experience. Please note that participants

connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through

Laptop connecting via Mobile Hotspot may experience

Audio/ Video loss due to fluctuation in their respective

network. It is therefore recommended to use stable

Wi-Fi or LAN connection to mitigate any kind of

aforesaid glitches.

7.

The attendance of the Members attending the AGM

through VC/ OAVM will be counted for the purpose of

reckoning the quorum under Section 103 of the Act.

The remote e-voting period begins on Monday, July

10, 2023 at 09:00 A.M. IST and ends on Wednesday,

July 12, 2023 at 05:00 P.M. IST. The remote e-voting

module shall be disabled by NSDL for voting thereafter.

The Members, whose names appear in the Register

of Members/ Beneficial Owners as on the record

date (cut-off date) i.e. Thursday, July 06, 2023, may

cast their vote electronically. The voting right of

shareholders shall be in proportion to their share in the

paid-up equity share capital of the Company as on the

cut-off date.

How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting

system?

The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned below:

Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system

A) Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities in

demat mode

In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders

holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and

Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts in

order to access e-Voting facility.

Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below:

Type of shareholders

Login Method

Individual shareholders holding

securities in demat mode with

NSDL.

1. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. https://eservices.

nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. On the e-Services home page

click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’

section, this will prompt you to enter your existing User ID and Password. After

successful authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting services under value added

services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able to

see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and

you will be re-directed to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the

remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.:

letter was issued to Mr. Thakur, as per

which the notice period to terminate the employment

is 3 (Three) months. No severance fee is payable to

the Manager.

iv. Stock option details, if any, and whether the

same has been issued at a discount as well as

the period over which accrued and over which

exercisable

No Stock Options have been granted to any Directors.

86,883 Stock Options were granted on July 16,

2021 to Mr. Chandra Kishore Thakur at an exercise

price of ` 238 which is at ~15% discount to the

closing market price of ` 279.65 as on July 15, 2021

on BSE Limited.

Options granted to him shall vest in four equal annual

instalments after one year from the date of grant.

The Exercise Period in respect of a vested option

shall be 4 years from the date of vesting.:

Managing Director (“MD”)/ Chief Executive

Officer/ Manager may propose the rate of final

dividend to be recommended by the Board to

Shareholders or the rate of interim dividend to be

declared by the Board.

b.

The Board upon perusing the rationale for such

pay-out may recommend the final dividend or

declare the interim dividend.

c.

The final dividend recommended by the Board is

subject to approval/ declaration by the shareholders

in the ensuing general meeting.

d.

The interim dividend approved by the Board requires

confirmation by the shareholders in the ensuing

general meeting.

e.

In case of inadequacy of profits in any Financial

Year, the Board may consider recommendation of

final dividend out of accumulated profits as may be

permitted under the applicable laws and regulations

from time to time.

6. General:

a.

The Company may declare dividend out of the

profits of the Company for the year or out of the

profits for any previous year or years or out of the

free reserves available for distribution of dividend,

after having due regard to the parameters laid down

in this Policy and as per the provisions of Companies

Act. Further, any amount representing unrealised

gains, notional gains or revaluation of assets and any

change in carrying amount of an asset or of a liability

on measurement of the asset or the liability at fair

value shall be excluded while computing the profits

for the purpose of declaration of dividend.

b.

Subject to compliance with applicable law, the

Company’s retained earnings, if any will be used

for the Company’s growth plans, issuance of bonus

shares capital adequacy / liquidity requirements, debt

repayments, and other contingencies and/or for any

of the purposes specified in paragraph 2 above.

c.

If the Board decides to deviate from this Policy, the

rationale for the same will be suitably disclosed.

7.

Review/ Modification of the Policy:

The Board reserves the right to amend, modify or review

this Policy along with the rationale for the same in whole or

in part, at any point of time, as may be deemed necessary

in accordance with the amendment of the Companies Act

and the Listing Regulations, and any other regulations,

guidelines/ clarifications as may be issued from time to

time by relevant statutory and regulatory authority.

8. Disclosure:

The Company shall make appropriate disclosures as

required under the Listing Regulations.

9. Disclaimer:

This document does not solicit investments in the Company’s

securities. Nor is it an assurance of guaranteed returns (in

any form), for investments in the Company’s shares.:

Managing Director/Whole-time Director

The Company shall appoint or re-appoint any person

as its: Managing

Managing Director,

Whole-time Director and KMP to the Board for their

approval.

13.2 The level and composition of remuneration

so determined by the NR Committee shall be

reasonable and sufficient to attract, retain and

motivate Directors, Key Managerial Personnel

and Senior Management of the quality required

to run the Company successfully. The relationship

of remuneration to performance should be made

clear and should meet appropriate performance

benchmarks. The remuneration should also involve a

balance between fixed and incentive pay reflecting

short and long-term performance objectives

appropriate to the working of the Company and its

goals:

13.2.1: Managing

Managing Director / Whole-time Director etc shall

be governed as per provisions of the Companies

Act, 2013 and rules made there under or any other

enactment for the time being in force.

c.

The remuneration payable by the Company to the

executive directors shall be subject to the conditions

specified in the Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations

including in terms of monetary limits, approval

requirements and disclosure requirements.

13.2.2

Non-Executive Directors

a.

The

Non-

Executive

Director

may

receive

sitting fees for attending meetings of Board

or NR Committee thereof. The remuneration/

commission/ compensation to the Non-Executive

Directors will be determined by the NR Committee

and recommended to the Board for its approval.

b.

The remuneration payable by the Company to

Non-Executive Directors shall be subject to the

conditions specified in the Act and the SEBI Listing

Regulations including in terms of monetary limits,

approval requirements and disclosure requirements.

13.2.3 KMPs / Senior Management Personnel etc.

The Remuneration to be paid to KMPs/ Senior

Management Personnel shall be based on the experience,

qualification and expertise of the related personnel

and governed by the limits, if any prescribed under the

Companies Act, 2013 and rules made there under or any

other enactment for the time being in force.

13.2.4 Directors’ and Officers’ Insurance

Where any insurance is taken by the Company on behalf

of its Directors, KMPs/ Senior Management Personnel etc.

for indemnifying them against any liability, the premium

paid on such insurance shall not be treated as part of

the remuneration payable to any such personnel unless

otherwise specifically provided under the Act.

14 Chairperson:

1.1 Chairperson of the NR Committee shall be an

Independent Director.

1.2 Chairperson of the Company may be appointed as

a member of the NR Committee but shall not be a

Chairperson of the NR Committee.

1.3 In the absence of the Chairperson, the members

of the NR Committee present at the meeting shall

choose one amongst them to act as Chairperson.

1.4 Chairperson of the NR Committee meeting could

be present at the Annual General Meeting or may

nominate some other member to answer the

shareholders’ queries.

15 Frequency of Meetings:

15.1 The meeting of the NR Committee shall be held at

such regular intervals as may be required.

16 NR Committee Members Interest:

16.1 A member of the NR Committee is not entitled to

participate in the discussions when his/her own

remuneration is discussed at a meeting or when his/

her performance is being evaluated.

16.2 The NR Committee may invite such executives, as it

considers appropriate, to be present at the meetings

of the NR Committee.

17 Secretary:

17.1 The Company Secretary of the Company shall act as

Secretary of the NR Committee.

18 Voting:

18.1 Matters arising for determination at NR Committee

meetings shall be decided by a majority of votes of

Members present and voting and any such decision

shall for all purposes be deemed a decision of the NR

Committee.

19 Adoption, Changes and Disclosure of

Information:

19.1 This Policy and any changes thereof will be approved

by the Board based on the recommendation(s) of

the NR Committee.

19.2 This policy may be reviewed at such intervals as the

Board or NR Committee may deem necessary.

19.3 Such disclosures of this Policy as may be required

under the Act and SEBI Listing Regulations may be

made.

20 Dissemination Policy:

20.1 A copy of this Policy shall be handed over to all

Directors within one month from the date of

approval by the Board. This Policy shall also be posted

on the website of the Company and the details of

this Policy, including the evaluation criteria, shall be

mentioned in the annual report of the Company.:

letter of even date which is

annexed as ‘Annexure-A’ and forms an integral part of this

report.

Place: Mumbai

Date: April 20, 2023

UDIN: F006252E000148394

For Manish Ghia & Associates

Company Secretaries

(Unique ID: P2006MH007100)

CS Mannish L. Ghia

Partner

M. No. FCS 6252 C.P. No. 3531

PR 822/2020

NOTE:

This draft has been prepared without examining the approved

and audited Financials and the report of Statutory Auditors.

Accordingly, we reserve the right to amend any part of this

report, if a need arises subsequently based on such approved

and audited financials and report of the auditors as and when

the same are made available to us.:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the Management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an

opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness

of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in

secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provided a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4.

Where ever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations

and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulation, standards is the responsibility of

Management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on the test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or

effectiveness with which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Place: Mumbai

Date: April 20, 2023

UDIN: F006252E000148394

For Manish Ghia & Associates

Company Secretaries

(Unique ID: P2006MH007100)

CS Mannish L. Ghia

Partner

M. No. FCS 6252 C.P. No. 3531

PR 822/2020:

letter of appointment setting out the terms of

appointment, role, rights, duties and responsibilities is

issued to the Independent Directors at the time of their

appointment along with a set of documents such as

snapshot of your Company, policies adopted by the Board,

Company’s major activities, corporate presentations

etc., which enables him/ her to have an adequate and

fair idea about your Company, its Board of Directors,

the Management, various Codes of Conduct and Policies

applicable to your Company, etc.

Your Company through its senior managerial personnel/

officials conducts programs/ presentations to familiarize

the existing Directors as well as new Directors with the

strategy, operations and functions of your Company.

Such programs/ presentations provide an opportunity

to the Independent Directors to interact with the

senior leadership team of the Company and helps

them to understand the Company’s strategy, business

model, operations, markets, organization structure,

finance, human resources, technology, quality, and risk

management and such other areas as may arise from time

to time.

The Board has adopted a Policy on Familiarization

Programme for the Independent Directors which aims

to provide significant insight into the business of the

Company. The details of the Familiarization Programme

for Independent Directors are also available on the

website of the Company i.e.

h t t p s : / / w w w. s t e r l i n g a n d w i l s o n r e . c o m / p d f /

familiarization-programme-for-independent-directors.pdf.

Committees of the Board

The Board has constituted various Committees with an

optimum representation of its members and with specific

terms of reference in accordance with the Act and the SEBI

Listing Regulations. The Board Committees play a vital role in

improving the Board’s effectiveness in the areas where more

focused and extensive discussions are required. The objective

is to focus effectively on the issues and ensure expedient

resolution of the diverse matters. The Committees operate

as the Board’s empowered agents according to their charter/

terms of reference.

The Board has constituted the below mentioned Committees:

a)

Audit Committee

b)

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

c)

Management Committee

d)

Nomination and Remuneration Committee

e)

Risk Management Committee

f)

Stakeholders Relationship Committee

The Committees are represented by a combination of

Non-Executive

and

Independent

Directors

except

for

Management Committee which consists of Key Managerial

Personnels (KMPs) as members of the Committee in addition

to Non-Executive Director.

The Committee(s) meet at regular intervals and take

necessary steps to perform its duties entrusted by the Board.

Generally, Committee meetings are held prior to the Board

meeting and the Board is updated about the deliberations,

recommendations, and decisions taken by the Committee.

The recommendations of the Committee(s) are submitted to

the Board for its approval.

Minutes of proceedings of Committee meetings are circulated

to the respective Committee members for their approval/

comments as per prescribed Secretarial Standards and after

the Minutes are duly approved, the Minutes are tabled at the

Board Meetings for noting.

A. Audit Committee

(i) Brief description:

Audit Committee of the Board of Directors is entrusted

inter alia with the responsibility to monitor and provide

effective supervision of the financial reporting process

with a view to ensuring accurate and timely disclosures,

with the highest levels of transparency, integrity and

quality of financial reporting.

The composition, quorum, powers, role and scope of the

Audit Committee are in accordance with Section 177 of

the Act and Regulation 18 of the SEBI Listing Regulations.

All the members of the Audit Committee are financially

literate and possess expertise in the fields of accounting

and financial management.:

Managing Director or CEO.

•

The Chairman, being a Non-Executive Director, is

entitled to maintain a Chairperson’s office at the

Company’s expense and also allowed reimbursement

of expenses incurred in performance of his duties.

•

The Internal Auditor reports directly to the Audit

Committee in all matters relating to Internal Audit.

h.

Details of utilization of funds raised through

Preferential Allotment or Qualified Institutions

Placement

On December 30, 2021, your Company has issued

2,93,33,333 (Two Crore Ninety Three Lakh Thirty Three

Thousand Three Hundred and Thirty Three only) equity

shares of face value of ` 1/- each fully paid up, for cash,

at a price of ` 375/- each for an aggregate amount of

` 1,099,99,99,875/- (Rupees One Thousand Ninety

Nine Crore Ninety Nine Lakh Ninety Nine Thousand Eight

Hundred and Seventy Five Only) on preferential basis to

Reliance New Energy Limited (formerly known as Reliance

New Energy Solar Limited).:

letter of credit, claim against suppliers, insurance claims, export incentives, bank

guarantee invocation, recoverable from promoters not due etc.

**The loss allowance on other receivables has been computed on the basis of Ind AS 109, Financial Instruments, which requires such allowance to

be made even for other receivables considered good on the basis that credit risk exists even though it may be very low.

Dues from directors or other officers of the company or any of them either severally or jointly with any other person

or amounts due from firms or private companies in which any director is a partner or a director or member:

Particulars

March 31, 2023

March 31, 2022

Interest accrued on loan and amount recoverable from subsidiaries

Esterlina Solar Engineers Private Limited*

0.00

-

Sterling and Wilson International Solar FZCO

62.07

-

Sterling and Wilson (Thailand) Limited

0.02

0.02

62.09

0.02

*Amount less than ` 0.01 crore

Recoverable amounts from subsidiaries and others

Shapoorji Pallonji and Company Private Limited

25.84

4.08

Sterling and Wilson International Solar FZCO

160.55

513.34

Sterling and Wilson Solar Australia Pty. Ltd.

0.31

183.00

Sterling and Wilson Co-Gen Solutions Private Limited

0.01

0.01

Sterling and Wilson Private Limited

-

10.05

186.71

710.48:

Letter of credit

payable

0.00

-

Amount reclassified to profit or loss - Highly probable forecast cash

flows – Trade receivables

(15.50)

-

Foreign currency payable - Advance from customers

3.72

Amount included in the cost of non-financial items

-

-

Tax on movements in relevant items of OCI during the year

(5.13)

-

Tax on relevant items of OCI during the year reclassified to profit or loss

-

-

Balance as at 31 March 2023

3.72

-

(b) Interest rate risk

Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because

of changes in market interest rates. The Company’s exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates

to fixed deposits and borrowings from financial institutions.

For details of the Company’s short-term loans and borrowings, including interest rate profiles, refer to Note 23 of

these financial statements.

Particulars

March 31, 2023

March 31, 2022

Fixed rate instruments

Financial assets

1,304.88

190.64

Financial liabilities

(1,809.21)

(312.94)

(504.33)

(122.30)

Variable rate instruments

Financial liabilities

(42.08)

(46.37)

(42.08)

(46.37)

Interest rate sensitivity - fixed rate instruments

The Company’s fixed rate borrowings and fixed rate bank deposits are carried at amortised cost. They are therefore

not subject to interest rate risk as defined in Ind AS 107, since neither the carrying amount nor the future cash flow

will fluctuate because of a change in market interest rates.:

letter, to go ahead with the works/maintenance of the

plant wherein they also assured the Company that they

would make the payment if the customer failed to pay.

As on date, the customer owes the Company ` 92.45

crore. In addition, an amount of ` 64.10 crore under

confirmed, irrevocable Letters of Credit arranged by the

customer from their bank mainly for the supplies which

had been discounted by the Company, after confirmation,

both from the customer and their bank, became due.

Due to the NCLT actions against the customer group, the

customer’s bank refused to make the payment to the

Company’s bank citing prevention against doing the same

due to the NCLT order, and the Company had to return the

amount back to its bank.

During the year ended 31 March 2020, the Company

had initiated legal proceedings in both these matters,

which are now pending with the National Company Law

Appellate Tribunal. Further, during the year ended 31

March 2023, the Company has filed a criminal complaint

against the developer.

The Company has sought legal opinions regarding the

amount due from the developer as per their assurance: letter and from the customer’s bank due to failure to pay

confirmed Letters of Credit and has been advised that

the said amounts are recoverable. The amount of ` 92.45

crore and ` 64.10 crore is shown under the head Trade

Receivables and Other Financial Assets, respectively.

Both the above are covered under the Indemnity

Agreement as given in Note 53 above.

55 The Red Herring Prospectus dated 29 July 2019 stated

that Shapoorji Pallonji and Company Private Limited and

Khurshed Yazdi Daruvala (“Selling Shareholders”) shall

use a portion of the net offer proceeds towards funding

full repayment of the outstanding inter-corporate

deposits payable by a fellow subsidiary to the Company.

The balance outstanding as at the beginning of the

previou year was entirely repaid during the previous year

along with all interest accrued thereagainst.

The Company has responded to queries on this matter

raised by the concerned authorities. The Company,

based on independent opinions from legal experts, has

determined that there is no non-compliance with any

provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and/or SEBI (Issue

of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2018, by the Company, in respect of this matter.

letter of credit, claim against suppliers, insurance claims, export incentives, bank

guarantee invocation, recoverable from promoters not due etc.

*** The loss allowance on other receivables has been computed on the basis of Ind AS 109, Financial Instruments, which requires such allowance

to be made even for other receivables considered good on the basis that credit risk exists even though it may be very low.

Dues from directors or other officers of the company or any of them either severally or jointly with any other person

or amounts due from firms or private companies in which any director is a partner or a director or member:

Particulars

March 31, 2023

March 31, 2022

Other receivables

Shapoorji Pallonji and Company Private Limited

25.84

4.08

Sterling and Wilson Cogen Solutions Private Limited

0.01

0.01

Sterling and Wilson Private Limited

-

10.05

Sterling and Wilson International FZE

19.64

18.21

45.49

32.35

18 Current Tax Assets (net)

Particulars

March 31, 2023

March 31, 2022

Advance tax

1.70

1.96

1.70

1.96:

Letter of credit

payable

0.00

-

Amount reclassified to profit or loss - Highly probable forecast cash

flows – Trade receivables

(15.50)

-

Foreign currency payable - Advance from customers

3.72

-

Amount included in the cost of non-financial items

-

-

Tax on movements in relevant items of OCI during the year

(5.13)

-

Balance as at March 31, 2023

3.72

-

At March 31, 2022, the Group holds the following instruments to hedge exposures to changes in foreign currency.

Foreign currency risk

Maturity analysis

1-6 months

6-12 months More than 1 year

Foreign exchange forward contracts

Net exposure (loss) / gain (` in crore)

(20.37)

-

-

Average AUD:USD forward contract rate

0.72

-

-

Average USD:INR forward contract rate

76.47

-

-:

letter of credit payable (USD)

-

(0.00)

-

-

-

(20.37)

-

-

The amounts relating to items designated as hedging instruments and hedge ineffectiveness are as follows:

Foreign

currency risk

March 31, 2022

During the year ended March 31, 2022

Carrying amount

Nominal

amount

Assets Liabilities

Changes in

the value of the

hedging instrument

recognised in OCI

Hedge

ineffectiveness

recognised in

profit or loss

Cost of

hedging

recognised

in OCI

March 31, 2022

AUD-INR

-

-

0.00

0.30

-

-

AUD-USD

10.60

-

(20.37)

75.77

(0.02)

-

USD-INR

1.60

-

(0.00)

0.45

-

-

The following table provides a reconciliation by risk category of components of equity and analysis of OCI items,

net of tax, resulting from cash flow hedge accounting :

March 31, 2022

Equity head

Effective portion of

cash flow hedges

Cost of

hedging

Balance as at April 1, 2021

(74.08)

-

Cash flow hedges

Changes in fair value :

Highly probable forecast cash flows – Trade receivables

20.94

-

Highly probable forecast cash flows – Trade payable and: Letter of credit payable

0.45

-

Amount reclassified to profit or loss - Highly probable forecast cash

flows – Trade receivables

55.13

-

Amount included in the cost of non-financial items

-

-

Tax on movements in relevant items of OCI during the year

(3.77)

-

Tax on relevant items of OCI during the year reclassified to profit or loss

(13.88)

-

Balance as at March 31, 2022

(15.21)

-

letter, to

go ahead with the works/maintenance of the plant where

in they also assured the Company that they would make

the payment if the customer failed to pay. As on date the

customer owes Parent Company ` 92.45 crore. In addition,

an amount of ` 64.10 crore under confirmed, irrevocable

Letters of Credit arranged by the customer from their

bank mainly for the supplies which had been discounted

by Parent Company, after confirmation both from the

customer and their bank, became due. Due to the NCLT

actions against the customer group, the customer’s bank

refused to make the payment to the Parent Company’s

bank citing prevention against doing the same due to the

NCLT order, and the Parent Company had to return the

amount back to its bank.

During the year ended March 31, 2020, the Parent

Company had initiated legal proceedings in both these

matters, which are now pending with the National

Company Law Appellate Tribunal. Further during the year

ended March 31, 2023, the Parent Company has filed a

criminal complaint against the developer.

The Parent Company had sought legal opinion regarding

the amount due from the developer as per their assurance: letter and from the customer’s bank due to failure to pay

confirmed Letters of Credit and has been advised that

the said amounts are recoverable. The amount of ` 92.45

crore and ` 64.10 crore is shown under the head Trade

Receivables and Other Financial Assets, respectively.

Both of the above are covered under the Indemnity

Agreement (Refer note 58).”

60 A Subsidiary Company has incurred ` 21.68 crore (USD

2.64 Million) towards cost of remediation works due to

defective parts supplied by a supplier. The Subsidiary has

made a claim of ` 79.66 crore (USD 9.70 Million) towards

the expected remediation costs, liquidated damages due

as per supply agreement and back charge of liquidated

damages from the customer and holds the supplier’s

surety bond of value ` 12.65 crore (USD 1.54 Million).

The Management is confident that the amount is fully

recoverable.

61 The Indian Parliament has approved the Code on Social

Security, 2020 which would impact the contributions

by the Holding Company towards Provident fund and

Gratuity. The Ministry of Labour and Employment has

released draft rules for the Code of Social Security, 2020

on 13 Novemeber 2020, and has invited suggestions from

stakeholders which are under active consideration by the

Ministry. The Holding Company will assess the impact

and its evaluation once the subject rules are notified and

will give appropriate impact in its consolidated financial

statements in the period in which, the Code becomes

effective and the related rules to determine the financial

impact are published.

62 During the current year, the managerial remuneration

paid by the Parent Company in relation to its Manager is

in excess of the limits laid down under Section 197 of the

Companies Act, 2013, read with schedule V to the Act by

` 1.00 crore (March 31, 2022: ` 0.69 crore). The Parent

Company is in the process of obtaining approval by a

special resolution for ` 1.00 (March 31, 2022: ` 0.69

crore) crore towards the managerial remuneration for the

financial year 2022-2023 from its shareholders at the

forthcoming annual general meeting.

