Dear shareholders,

The foundation of our Group rests

upon a philosophy of trusteeship,

which imagines corporations as

institutions that drive collective

prosperity. This philosophy has played

an integral role in shaping our actions

for generations, guiding us in our quest

to enrich lives. Over the years, this

purpose, though unstated, has been

our unwavering anchor.

In FY 2022-23, we formally put in

words our Group’s Purpose statement.

At its heart is the commitment to

enrich lives by building dynamic

and responsible businesses and

institutions that inspire trust.

Every day, we strive to honour this

commitment through our brands,

products, services, solutions, actions,

relationships, and institutions.

Our Purpose statement stands

both timeless and fresh against the

backdrop of our extensive history.

In a world of increasing opportunity,

and also accelerating uncertainty, our

Purpose statement is meant to act as

a talisman and remain at the core of

our business decisions.

Our Purpose offers us a unique lens

with which to view the world, to bring

perspective to it, and to thrive in it.

Guided by this unique perspective, we

navigate the evolving global landscape

with resilience and foresight. As we

turn our attention to the current state

of the global economy, it is evident

that we are charting a course through

a ‘new normal’.

Global economy: Finding a new normal

The global economy continues to pull

itself out of the pandemic-triggered

shock. It does so amid a complex

environment marked by the ongoing

conflict in Ukraine, geo-economic

fragmentation, soaring interest

rates, and looming risks of a banking

contagion. Reflecting these concerns,

the International Monetary Fund (IMF)

expects global economic growth to

dip from 3.4% in CY22 to 2.8% in CY23.

Developed countries are predicted

to experience a more pronounced

deceleration, their aggregate growth

stumbling to just 1.3% in CY23–the

slowest pace in a decade, excluding

the pandemic-impacted CY20.

On the brighter side, China’s economy

marches towards normalisation

following the lifting of its

Covid-related restrictions.

QUOTE ON BOX

Both China and India are set to

significantly contribute to global

economic growth in CY23, providing a

much-needed stimulus as developed

economies grapple with challenges.

Meanwhile, global supply chain

pressures have largely normalised,

helping ease commodity prices

and peak inflation levels in most

economies. Central banks, led by

the US Federal Reserve, appear to be

nearing the end of their rate-hiking

phase, signaling cautious optimism

for the global economy and financial

markets. However, vigilance remains

crucial in the face of potential risk

events in this fragile environment.

3:

Managing Director’s message

14

Feature stories snapshot

18

About UltraTech

20 Operational presence

Performance overview

22 Financial and

operational performance

24 Board of Directors

26 Management team

27 Awards and recognition

28

Product portfolio

Value creation at

UltraTech

32 Value creation model

34 Stakeholder engagement

40 Materiality assessment

44 Sustainability performance

46 Operating context

48 Our strategy

50 Risk management

ESG performance

54

ESG performance

Environment

58 ESG strategy and framework

60

Climate change: Energy

and emission

66 Water management

67 Biodiversity and land use

68 Responsible mining

70 Local sourcing and

sustainable procurement

74

Sustainability and innovation

78

Circular economy

Social

84 Employee well-being

and engagement

86 Learning and development

87 Diversity, equity and inclusion

88 Enhancing health and safety

96

Community engagement

and impact

Governance

108 Governance structure

and framework

110 Digitisation and

customer experience

114

Cyber security and

data protection

Statutory reports

116 Financial Highlights

118 Directors’ Report and

Management Discussion

and Analysis

162 Report on Corporate Governance

187 Shareholder Information

198 Social Report

202 Business Responsibility &

Sustainability Report

Financial statements

238 Standalone Financial Statements

327 Consolidated Financial

Statements

Annexure

417 Sustainability scorecard

423 GCCA KPIs

424 GRI content index

428 Independent

assurance statement

Feature stories:

Managing Director’s message: Dear shareholders,

The year gone by has been a period

of prolonged uncertainty and

volatility globally. The volatility

created by the unrelenting war

between Russia and Ukraine has

been compounded by economic

uncertainty, characterised by high

inflation and lower growth across

developing and underdeveloped

economies globally. This global

environment is heralding new ways

of doing business where only the

nimble, agile, and efficient can survive

irrespective of their size. Companies

are globally moving to a new paradigm

of doing business adapting to the

ever-changing economic landscape.

Indian businesses have quickly

pivoted towards adapting this new

environment with the tailwind of a

relatively faster growing economy.

In a true testament of its resilience,

the Indian economy continued to

surprise the world with steady growth

backed by firm monetary measures

by the Reserve Bank of India that

has kept a tight leash on inflation

while balancing growth. One of the

key engines of the economy today is

the rapid scale-up of infrastructure.

The infrastructure sector is expected

to grow at a CAGR of 8.2% by 2027,

boosted by some well-timed and

thought-through policy measures by

the Government of India.

The allocation of investments in

infrastructure and productive capacity

at I10 lakhs crores in the latest Union

Budget is a clear reflection of the

priority being accorded to this sector

by the government.

In a true testament of its resilience, the Indian

economy continued to surprise the world

with steady growth. This was backed by RBI’s

monetary measures that kept a tight leash on

inflation while balancing growth. One of the

key engines of the economy today is the rapid

scale-up of infrastructure.

UltraTech Cement Limited

12

Integrated and Sustainability Report 2022-23

Managing Director

QUOTE ON BOX

Organisational overview

13:

Managing Director, the Whole‑time

Director & CFO, five Independent Directors, and two

Non‑Executive Directors. For more information on the

Board composition, refer to the Report on Corporate

Governance forming part of this Report.

Expertise

Mr. Kumar Mangalam Birla

Chairman

N

Mr. K. K. Maheshwari

Vice Chairman and

Non-executive Director

Expertise

A

Mr. Atul Daga

Whole-time Director and Chief Financial Officer

Expertise

R

F

Mr. K. C. Jhanwar: Managing

Managing Director

Mr. Vivek Agrawal

Chief Marketing Officer

Mr. Atul Daga

Whole-time Director and

Chief Financial Officer

Mr. E. R. Raj Narayanan

Chief Manufacturing Officer

Mr. Ramesh Mitragotri

Chief Human Resource Officer

Company Secretary

Mr. Sanjeeb Kumar Chatterjee

UltraTech Cement Limited

26

Integrated and Sustainability Report 2022-23:

Managing Director takes responsibility

for driving the implementation of our

sustainability strategy.

While our production capacity has

expanded, resulting in increased

absolute GHG emissions, we are proud

to have effectively lowered our specific

GHG emissions compared to previous

year by implementing various strategies

and practices that have allowed us to

minimise the environmental impacts.

As a result, our GHG emission intensity

has also reduced for the current year.

FY 2022-23

6,25,30,455

Scope 1 in tCO2

(Includes Captive Power Plant)

16,95,036

Scope 2 in tCO2

42,04,918

Scope 3 in tCO2

FY 2021-22

6,14,53,952

Scope 1 in tCO2

(Includes Captive Power Plant)

10,49,149

Scope 2 in tCO2

45,47,816

Scope 3 in tCO2

1

2

3

4

5

UltraTech Cement Limited

60

Integrated and Sustainability Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

Chairperson, Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

Chairperson, Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

QUOTE ON BOX

UltraTech Cement Limited

98

Integrated and Sustainability Report 2022-23:

Managing Director heads

the management team and is responsible for achieving the targets set by

our Board.

Board responsibility

We have a diverse and experienced

Board whose responsibility is to

promote sustainable development

practices and create long-term

value for all stakeholders. The Board

provides strategic guidance in all

areas of our operations while ensuring

the optimal utilisation of resources

and governance and sustainability

matters. We make all decisions in

alignment with our vision and mission

statement and design strategies

that are in the best interests of all

stakeholders. Board Committees,

mostly headed by Independent

Directors, implement the Board’s

decisions and maintain continuous

oversight through rigorous reviews of

policy and procedure implementation.

Shareholding pattern

(%)

59

Promoter and Promoter Group

15.65 Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPI) and Others

17.89 Mutual Fund (MF), Institutions, Insurance and Bodies Corporate

5.99 Other Public Holding

1.47 GDRs

Board of Directors

Audit Committee

Stakeholder Relationship Committee

Nomination, Remuneration & Compensation

Committee

Risk Management and Sustainability Committee

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

Finance Committee

Committees of the Board

Governance structure

UltraTech Cement Limited

108

Integrated and Sustainability Report 2022-23:

Dear Shareholders,

Your Directors present the 23rd Annual Report together with

the audited accounts of your Company for the year ended

31st March, 2023.

Overview and the state of your Company’s affairs

The International Monetary Fund (“IMF”) projects global

growth to fall to 2.8% in 2023 before rising to 3.0% in

2024, where advanced economies are expected to see an

especially pronounced growth slowdown, from 2.7% in

2022 to 1.3%. The IMF projects that in a plausible alternative

scenario with further financial sector stress, global growth

could decline to about 2.5% in 2023 with advanced economy

growth falling below 1.0%. Global inflation is expected to fall

from 8.7% in 2022 to 7.0% in 2023 and 4.9% in 2024, which

is yet above pre-COVID-19 pandemic range of average 3.5%

between 2017 and 2019. Elevated interest rates, financial

sector stress compelling central banks to reconsider policy

actions, and the war in Ukraine continue to weigh on global

economic activity.

Over the next two years India is projected to be the fastest-

growing major economy, as IMF projects India’s GDP growth

at 5.9% and 6.3% during 2023 and 2024 respectively, which

is expected to surpass China’s 5.2% and 4.5% GDP growth

in the same period. This is despite the three shocks of

COVID-19, the Russia–Ukraine conflict, and central banks

across economies led by the US Federal Reserve responding

with synchronised policy rate hikes to curb inflation, leading

to appreciation of the US dollar and the widening of Current

Account Deficits in net importing economies.

Directors’ Report and Management Discussion and Analysis

The Indian economy appears to have moved on after its

encounter with the pandemic, staging a full recovery in FY22

ahead of many nations and positioning itself to ascend to

the pre-pandemic growth path in FY23. Yet in the current

year, India has also faced the challenge of reining in inflation

that the European strife accentuated. Measures taken by the

government and the Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”), along with

the easing of global commodity prices, finally managed to

bring retail inflation below the RBI upper tolerance target in

March 2023. In the process of arresting rising inflation, during

FY23, the RBI hiked interest rates by 2.5% in six tranches.

India’s economic growth is expected to be brisk in FY24, as

a vigorous credit disbursal and capital investment cycle is

expected to unfold in India with the strengthening of balance

sheets in the corporate and banking sectors. Direct tax

revenue collections have been highly buoyant and so have

GST collections, which should ensure the full expending of

the Capex budget within the budgeted fiscal deficit. Further,

support to economic growth will come from the expansion

of public digital platforms and path-breaking measures

such as PM GatiShakti, the National Logistics Policy, and

the Production-Linked Incentive (“PLI”) schemes to boost

manufacturing output.

The capital expenditure initiatives of the central government

are another growth driver of the Indian economy. A sustained

increase in private Capex is imminent with the strengthening

of the balance sheets of corporates and the consequent

increase in credit financing it has been able to generate. The

Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee

Scheme (“MGNREGS”) has been directly providing jobs in

UltraTech Cement Limited

118

Integrated and Sustainability Report 2022-23:

Managing Director and Head of Manufacturing,

reviews organisational safety performance once

every two months, and a further course of action is

communicated across units.

Building Competence

Around 750,000 man-hours of safety training were

organised across units during the year.

A brief description of the various safety training elements

are as follows:

•

Standard Champions training: to build a pool of

competent in-house resource as trainers, 500

employees across all units were trained on 18

safety standards through the ‘Standard Champions

training’ programme.

•

VR-enabled safety training on 30 modules was

organised for contract workmen and employees at

units to ensure that job-specific immersive training is

provided to each contract workman before deploying

them to the job. VR puts learners in places and

situations they are likely to encounter on the job and

allows them to experience how their actions affect

outcomes, all in a safe environment. Around 12,000

persons were trained during the year.

•

E-learning modules on critical processes (such as use of

a coal mill or boiler, operations involving the likelihood

of hot material exposure, and the management of

change) were developed and uploaded to the learning

management system (“LMS”) platform. The system was

institutionalised so that all employees involved in these

operations needed to mandatorily get themselves

qualified through tests after going through these

courses. Around 5,000 employees completed these

courses during the year.

•

Virtual training sessions in Hindi as well as regional

languages were organised for the contractual workforce

on four fatal risk prevention elements: working at

height, conveyor safety, electrical safety, and hot

material safety. Around 14,000 contractual workers

covered so far.

•

544 persons (employees and contract workers)

engaged in rail yard related activities across units have

been trained on rail safety by an external expert.

•

Classroom safety training has been imparted to 1,800

contractor’s supervisors across all units.

Facilitating Adherence to Safety

•

Monthly safety campaign, driven by identified

themes (based on analysis of past incidents): Multiple

activities/events are organised and supported by

a variety of mediums (3D animation video, creative

posters, training through virtual platform etc.) to reach

out to all.

•

Safety toll-free number (available 24/7): As a deterrent

against safety violations, an exclusive safety toll-free

number has been made available with communication

to every person (employee/contract worker) so that

they can act as whistleblowers to save lives. The

concerns voiced are addressed, keeping the caller’s

identity anonymous.

•

60 seconds to think: This involves seven questions that

have to be asked by each individual before initiating

any work. They must sign this and submit it along

Directors’ Report and Management Discussion and Analysis

UltraTech Cement Limited

132

Integrated and Sustainability Report 2022-23:

Managing Director. Dr. (Mrs.) Pragnya Ram, Group

Executive President, CSR, Legacy, Documentation and

Archives, is a permanent invitee to the Committee. Your

Company has in place a CSR Policy, which is available at

https://www.ultratechcement.com/investors/corporate-

governance#policies.

Statutory Reports

133:

Managing Director; Mr. Atul Daga,

Whole-time Director and Chief Financial Officer; and

Mr. Sanjeeb Kumar Chatterjee, Company Secretary, are the

Key Managerial Personnel of your Company.

Audit Committee

The Audit Committee comprises Mr. S. B. Mathur, Mr. Arun

Adhikari, Mrs. Alka Bharucha, and Mr. K. K. Maheshwari,

majority of whom are Independent Directors, with Mr. S. B.

Mathur being the Chairman. Mr. K. C. Jhanwar, Managing

Director, and Mr. Atul Daga, Whole-time Director and Chief

Financial Officer, are permanent invitees. Further details

relating to the Audit Committee are provided in the Report

on Corporate Governance, which forms part of this Report.

During the year under review, all recommendations made

by the Audit Committee were accepted by the Board.

Vigil Mechanism / Whistle Blower Policy

Your Company has in place a vigil mechanism for Directors

and employees to report instances and concerns about

Statutory Reports

139:

Managing Director

1

1

Permanent Invitee: Dr. (Mrs.) Pragnya Ram, Group Executive President, CSR, Legacy, Documentation & Archives.

3.

Provide the web-link where Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by the board are

disclosed on the website of the Company.

Composition of CSR Committee: https://www.ultratechcement.com/about-us/board-committees

CSR Policy and CSR Projects: https://www.ultratechcement.com/content/dam/ultratechcementwebsite/pdf/

policies/corporate-social-responsibility-policy.pdf

4.

Provide the executive summary along with web-link(s) of Impact Assessment of CSR Projects carried out in pursuant

of sub-rule (3) of Rule 8, if applicable.

The Company, which has a robust CSR Policy and an active CSR Committee, has empanelled Tata Institute of Social

Sciences (TISS), to conduct an Impact Assessment study for CSR projects having outlays of ` 1 crore and above and

have been completed more than one year before undertaking the impact assessment study.

TISS conducted an Impact Evaluation study using the Coherence, Effectiveness, Efficiency, Equity, Relevance,

Sustainability (CEEERS) Framework and mixed-method approach of qualitative and quantitative tools. The

assessment indicated that the CSR activities undertaken by the Company have had a positive impact on the targeted

areas. This was fixated on primary data collected from beneficiaries and stakeholders across different verticals of

education, health, sustainable livelihood, infrastructure development and social empowerment across 24 locations.

Community interactions for the impact assessment study were conducted for 3 Units spanning 3 states -

i) Rajashree Cement (RC) in Malkhed, Karnataka; ii) Andhra Pradesh Cement (APCW), Andhra Pradesh; and

iii) Hirmi Cement (HCW), Chhattisgarh.

Annexure III

UltraTech Cement Limited

144

Integrated and Sustainability Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

Chairperson, CSR Committee

Mumbai, 28th April, 2023

(DIN: 01743559)

(DIN: 00022995)

UltraTech Cement Limited

146

Integrated and Sustainability Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

(DIN: 01743559)

Mumbai, 28th April, 2023

Sanjeeb Kumar Chatterjee

Company Secretary

UltraTech Cement Limited

152

Integrated and Sustainability Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

17.29

41.61

246.3

10

Atul Daga, Whole-time Director and Chief Financial Officer

8.15

51.49

116.0

11

Sanjeeb Kumar Chatterjee, Company Secretary

1.69

13.31

Not Applicable

* Remuneration includes commission payable to Directors for the year ended 31st March, 2023 and excludes payment of sitting fees paid to the

Directors during financial year 2022-23.

** During financial year 2022-23, ` 3.40 crores has been paid to Mr. K. K. Maheshwari as pension for his past services as: Managing Director.

ii.

The median remuneration of employees of the Company during the financial year was ` 7.02 lakhs.

iii.

In the financial year, there was an increase of 4.15% in the median remuneration of employees.

iv.

There were 22,916 permanent employees on the rolls of Company as on 31st March, 2023.

v.

Average percentage increase made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel in the last

financial year i.e. 2022-23 was 4.15% whereas increase in the managerial remuneration for the same financial year is

43%.

vi.

It is hereby affirmed that the remuneration paid is as per the Remuneration Policy for Directors, Key Managerial

Personnel and other Employees.

For and on behalf of the Board

Kumar Mangalam Birla

Managing Director), Chief

Financial Officer and Company Secretary.

3.

Senior Management: as may be decided by the

Board of Directors.

III. Business and Talent Competitors

We benchmark our executive pay practices and

levels against peer companies in similar industries,

geographies and of similar size. In addition, we

look at secondary reference (internal and external)

benchmarks in order to ensure that pay policies and

levels across the Group are broadly equitable and

support the Group’s global mobility objectives for

executive talent. Secondary reference points bring to

the table, the executive pay practices and pay levels

in other markets and industries, to appreciate the

differences in levels and medium of pay and build in as

appropriate for decision making.

IV. Executive Pay Positioning

We aim to provide competitive remuneration

opportunities to our executives by positioning target

total remuneration (including perks and benefits,

annual incentive pay-outs, long term incentive pay-

outs at target performance) and target total cash

compensation (including annual incentive pay-outs) at

target performance directionally between median and

top quartile of the primary talent market. We recognise

the size and scope of the role and the market standing,

skills and experience of incumbents while positioning

our executives.

We use secondary market data only as a reference

point for determining the types and amount of

remuneration while principally believing that target

total remuneration packages should reflect the typical

cost of comparable executive talent available in the

sector.

V.

Executive Pay-Mix

Our executive pay-mix aims to strike the appropriate

balance between key components: (i) Fixed Cash

compensation (Basic Salary + Allowances) (ii) Annual

Incentive Plan (iii) Long-Term Incentives (iv) Perks and

Benefits.

Annual Incentive Plan:

We tie annual incentive plan pay-outs of our

executives to relevant financial and operational

metrics achievement and their individual performance.

We annually align the financial and operational metrics

with priorities / focus areas for the business.

Long-Term Incentive:

Our Long-term incentive plans incentivise stretch

performance, link executive remuneration to sustained

Annexure VII

157

Statutory Reports:

Managing Director which was carried out in compliance

with the provisions of the Act and Listing Regulations.

Adequate notice is given to all directors to schedule the

Board Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on agenda

were sent at least seven days in advance (except in two

cases where meeting is convened at a shorter notice for

which necessary approvals obtained as per applicable

provisions) and a system exists for seeking and obtaining

further information and clarifications on the agenda items

before the meeting and for meaningful participation at the

meeting.

All decisions at Board Meetings and Committee Meetings

are carried out unanimously as recorded in the minutes of

the meetings of the Board of Directors or Committee of the

Board, as the case may be.

We further report that there are adequate systems and

processes in the Company commensurate with the size

and operations of the Company to monitor and ensure

compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations, and

guidelines.

We further report that during the audit period, the

Company has

1.

Issued and allotted 15,498 Equity Shares of face value

of Rs. 10/- each towards exercise of options vested

under Employee Stock Option Scheme;

2.

Adopted UltraTech Cement Limited Employee Stock

Option and Performance Stock Unit Scheme 2022 by

passing special resolution at the 22nd Annual General

Meeting dated August 17, 2022.

3.

Redemption of 10 unlisted redeemable non-

convertible preference shares of face value

` 100,000/- on June 29, 2022 and accordingly share

capital is altered.

4.

Redeemed its Commercial Paper amounting to

` 10,400 Crores.

For Makarand M. Joshi & Co.

Company Secretaries

Kumudini Bhalerao

Partner

FCS No. 6667

CP No. 6690

Peer Review No: 640/2019

UDIN: F006667E000213764

Date: April 28, 2023

Place: Mumbai

This report is to be read with our: letter of even date which

is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this

report.

UltraTech Cement Limited

160

Integrated and Sustainability Report 2022-23

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to

express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct

facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable

basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations

and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility

of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Makarand M. Joshi & Co.

Company Secretaries

Kumudini Bhalerao

Partner

FCS No. 6667

CP No. 6690

Peer Review No: 640/2019

UDIN: F006667E000213764

Date: April 28, 2023

Place: Mumbai

161

Statutory Reports:

Managing Director

Age: 66

Date of Appointment: 19.10.2018

Term ending date: 31.12.2024

Tenure (in years): ~4

Shareholding: 21,038

Board Memberships - Indian Listed companies: Nil

Directorship(s) in public companies: 3

Committee position:

Chairman

Nil

Member

1

Areas of expertise:

• Corporate Governance, Legal & Compliance

• Financial literacy

• General Management

• Human Resource Development

• Industry knowledge

• Innovation, technology & digitisation

• Marketing

• Risk Management

• Strategic expertise

• Sustainability

Atul Daga (DIN - 06416619)

Mr. Atul Daga, is a chartered accountant with over 36 years’

experience, of which over 31 years have been with the Group. He

has served as the CFO in multiple businesses within the Group.

His experience is broad based in sectors such as cement, retail,

aluminum, carbon black, textiles, tyre-cord and fibre. His ability

to penetrate deep into business areas and his understanding of

the dynamics has been his constant strength.

Mr. Daga was instrumental in restructuring of the Group’s

overseas businesses. As Principal Executive assistant to

Mr. Aditya Vikram Birla and Mr. Kumar Mangalam Birla,

he imbibed the vision to take Indian business beyond its

geographical boundaries while retaining the humane values and

principles espoused by the founder.

Mr. Daga has experience in different roles like financial planning,

treasury management, business strategy, working capital

management, risk management, information technology,

mergers & acquisition, investor relations, audit and compliance.

He has been ranked amongst the top 3 CFOs in the Building

Materials Segment in Asia by the Institutional Investor

community. Within the Group, he is a recipient of the Chairman’s

Exceptional Contributor award in 2009 and the Outstanding

Leader Award in 2017. Some of his key achievements include

Category: Whole-time Director and CFO

Age: 57

Date of Appointment: 09.06.2016

Term ending date: 08.06.2024

Tenure (in years): ~7

Shareholding: 12,103

Board Memberships - Indian Listed companies: Nil

Directorship(s) in public companies: Nil

Committee position:

Chairman

Nil

Member

Nil

Areas of expertise

• Corporate Governance, Legal & Compliance

• Financial literacy

• General Management

• Human Resource Development

• Industry knowledge

• Innovation, technology & digitisation

• Marketing

• Risk Management

• Strategic expertise

• Sustainability

as well as his commendable contribution to your Company’s

growth journey.

acquisitions for over $ 4 billion in the cement industry in India/

UAE, divestment of assets outside India. He has also been

instrumental in setting up a state of art 700-member shared

services centre for the accounting function. He has pioneered

raising finances through Sustainability linked bonds in 2020, the

first of its kind from India and only the second in Asia.

During his tenor, your Company has grown from US$ 10 billion in

2015 to US$ 27 billion in 2023.

UltraTech Cement Limited

168

Integrated and Sustainability Report 2022-23:

letter of appointment together with an induction kit is

provided to Independent Directors at the time of their

appointment, setting out their roles, functions, duties

and responsibilities. In terms of the Listing Regulations,

the terms and conditions of appointment of Independent

Directors are available on your Company’s website.

Familiarisation programmes for the Independent

Directors generally forms part of the Board process.

Board and Committees are updated on business

performance; operating results; risk management

and mitigation plans; efforts and initiatives around

environment and sustainability; management outlook

on business; economic / industry developments, among

others. A meeting of Independent Directors with Senior

Management team was held on 22nd February, 2023, at

which the directors were appraised about the above.

Directors also interacts with the Statutory and the Internal

Auditors of your Company. They are also regularly kept

informed of other regulatory changes and corresponding

impact on your Company. The details of familiarisation

programme imparted to Directors is available on your

Company’s website.

Succession Planning:

Your Company has an effective mechanism for succession

planning which focuses on orderly succession of Board

and senior management team. The NRC Committee

implements this mechanism in concurrence with the

Board. In addition, promoting senior management within

the organisation fuels the ambitions of the talent force to

earn future leadership roles.

Code of Conduct:

Doing the right things following sound, moral and ethical

business principles ensure that your Company is fair and

transparent to both internal and external stakeholders.

Integrity, Commitment, Passion, Seamlessness and Speed

are the foundation for all actions and decisions at your

Company. They set standards for the organisation and

for employee conduct. The Board has laid down a Code of

Conduct (“the Code”) for all Board members and senior

management personnel of your Company. The Code is

available on your Company’s website.

All Board members and senior management personnel

have affirmed compliance with the Code. A declaration to

that effect signed by the: Managing

Managing Director and Mr. Atul Daga,

Whole-time Director & CFO are permanent invitees to the

Audit Committee meetings.

The Statutory and Internal Auditors of your Company

also attend the Audit Committee meetings. The Audit

Committee acts as a link between the management, the

statutory and internal auditors and the Board.

Terms of Reference of Committee:

1.

Oversight of the Company’s financial reporting

process and the disclosure of its financial information

to ensure that the financial statements are correct,

sufficient and credible.

2.

Recommendation for appointment, remuneration

and terms of appointment of auditors of the

Company.

3.

Approval of payment to statutory auditors for any

other services rendered by the statutory auditors.

4.

Reviewing, with the management, the annual

financial statements and auditor’s report thereon

before submission to the Board for approval, with

particular reference to:

a)

Matters required to be included in the Director’s

Responsibility Statement to be included in the

Board’s report in terms of section 134(3) (c) of

the Act;

b)

Changes, if any, in accounting policies and

practices and reasons for the same;

c)

Major accounting entries involving estimates

based on the exercise of judgment by

management;

d)

Significant adjustments made in the financial

statements arising out of audit findings;

e)

Compliance with listing and other legal

requirements relating to financial statements;

f)

Disclosure of any related party transactions;

g)

Modified opinion(s) in the draft audit report.

5.

Reviewing, with the management, the quarterly

financial statements before submission to the Board

for approval.

6.

Reviewing, with the management, the statement of

uses / application of funds raised through an issue

(public issue, rights issue, preferential issue, etc.), the

statement of funds utilised for purposes other than

those stated in the offer document / prospectus /

notice and the report submitted by the monitoring

agency monitoring the utilisation of proceeds of

a public or rights issue, and making appropriate

recommendations to the Board to take up steps in

this matter.

7.

Reviewing and monitoring the auditor’s independence

and performance, and effectiveness of audit process.

8.

Approval or any subsequent modification of

transactions of the Company with related parties.

Audit Committee

Members

4

Independent

3

Meetings

5

Attendance

100%

173

Statutory Reports:

Managing Director, Executive

Directors and senior management.

6.

To devise a policy on Board diversity.

7.

To formulate the criteria for determining

qualifications, positive attributes and independence

of Directors.

8.

To recommend to the Board, all remuneration, in

whatever form, payable to senior management.

Items reviewed

Frequency of review

1.

Monitor complaints received by the Company from shareholders, debenture holders, other security

holders, SEBI, stock exchanges, Registrar of Companies etc. and action taken for redressing the same.

Q

2.

Approve allotment of shares, debentures or any other securities.

E

3.

Approve requests for transposition, deletion, consolidation, sub-division, change of name,

dematerialisation, rematerialisation etc. of shares, debentures and other securities.

Q

4.

Monitor and expedite the status and process of dematerialisation and rematerialisation of shares,

debentures and other securities of the Company.

Q

5.

Measures taken to reduce the quantum of unclaimed dividend / interest and ensuring timely receipt of

dividend warrants / annual reports / statutory notices by the shareholders of the Company.

A

6.

Adherence to the service standards adopted by the listed entity in respect of various services being

rendered by the Registrar & Transfer Agent.

A

Frequency: A - Annually; Q - Quarterly; E - Event based

UltraTech Cement Limited

176

Integrated and Sustainability Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

-

12.11

5.18

See note (c)

See note (d)

Atul Daga

Whole-time Director & CFO

-

5.90

2.25

In addition to the sitting fees, your Company also pays

commission to the Non-Executive Independent Directors

of an amount not exceeding 1% per annum of the net

profit of your Company. The amount of commission

payable is determined after assigning weightage to various

factors, which, inter alia, include providing strategic

perspective, Chairmanship and contributions made by

the Directors, type of meeting and responsibilities under

various statutes, performance evaluation, etc. Based

on the performance evaluation of each Director and the

remuneration policy, the Board has recommended an

amount of ` 12 crores as commission to be paid to the

Non-Executive Directors for the financial year 2022-23.

UltraTech Cement Limited

180

Integrated and Sustainability Report 2022-23:

Managing Director are separate. Your

Company maintains a separate office for its Chairman. All

necessary infrastructure and assistance is made available

to enable him to discharge his responsibilities effectively.

Shareholders’ Rights: Since the quarterly and half yearly

financial performance along with significant events are

published in the newspapers and are also posted on your

Company’s website, the same are not being sent to the

shareholders.

Modified Opinion in Auditors’ Report: Your Company’s

financial statements for the year 2023 do not contain any

modified audit opinion.

Reporting of Internal Auditor:

The Internal Auditors report to the Audit Committee.

Compliance:

•

A certificate from the statutory auditors confirming

compliance with the conditions of Corporate

Governance as stipulated in the Listing Regulations

forms part of this Report.

•

A Certificate by Company Secretary in Practice

that none of the Directors have been debarred or

disqualified from being appointed or continuing as

Directors in the companies by SEBI / the MCA or any

such statutory authority forms part of this Report.

•

During the year under review, the Board has accepted

all the recommendations, which are required to be

made by the Committee’s constituted.

CEO / CFO Certification:

The: Managing

Managing Director

28th April, 2023

(DIN:01743559)

CEO / CFO Certification

The Board of Directors

UltraTech Cement Limited

We certify that:

1.

We have reviewed the financial statement, read with the cash flow statement of UltraTech Cement Limited (“the

Company”) for the year ended 31st March, 2023 and to best of our knowledge and belief:

(i)

these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain

statements that might be misleading;

(ii)

these statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with

existing accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.

2.

There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the year

which are fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company’s Code of Conduct;

3.

We are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and we have evaluated

the effectiveness of the internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting and have

disclosed to the Company’s Auditors and the Audit Committee of the Company’s Board of Directors deficiencies

in the design or operation of internal controls, if any, of which we are aware and the steps taken or proposed to be

taken to rectify the deficiencies.

4.

We have indicated to the Auditors and the Audit Committee:

a)

significant changes in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting during the year.

b)

significant changes in accounting policies during the year, if any, and that the same have been disclosed in the

notes to the financial statements.

c)

instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and involvement therein if any of management

or other employees having a significant role in the Company’s internal control system over financial reporting.

Mumbai

28th April, 2023

K. C. Jhanwar: Managing

letter) as

mentioned in the form to Nodal Officer (IEPF)

of the company in an envelope marked “Claim

for refund from IEPF Authority”.

5. After scrutinizing the documents received,

Nodal Officer of the company to verify the

claim and furnish the e-verification report

to the IEPF Authority within 30 days of

filing the claim.

6. On the basis of verification report refund will

be released by the IEPF Authority in favour of

claimant’s Bank or Demat account through

electronic transfer. In case of discrepancies,

if any, intimated by IEPF Authority, one re-

submission option is provided for rectification.

Contact Details - IEPF:

E-mail: iepf@mca.gov.in;

Call: 1800 114 667

Public Relations Officers:

Phone No: 011-23441777

Helpdesk - 0124-4832500

Company :

Email ID: iepf.utcl@adityabirla.com

UltraTech Cement Limited

194

Integrated and Sustainability Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

forming part of this Report.

207

Statutory Reports:

Managing Director

Telephone: 022 66917800

email: brr.utcl@adityabirla.com

9.

Does the entity have a specified Committee of the

Board/ Director responsible for decision making on

sustainability related issues? (Yes / No). If yes, provide

details.

Yes.

Risk Management and Sustainability Committee.

The Committee comprises of:

-

Mrs. Sukanya Kripalu, Independent Director

-

Mr. K. C. Jhanwar,: Managing

Managing Director and Chief Manufacturing Officer review organisational safety performance once every two

months and further course of action is communicated across Units for implementation.

To further strengthen safety governance, the following Leaders’ Connect initiatives were introduced:

•

Periodical Safety Review by Chief Manufacturing Officer, Unit Head, Function Head (Technical) and

Department Head (Safety) of randomly selected three Units connected every week and Chief Manufacturing

Officer interacted with them on all safety KPIs of their respective Unit.

•

Cluster Head – Weekly review of WTI done by employees across Units through “Pratibimb” - a creative

initiative to improve and strengthen safety and awareness at all workforce levels. 576 employees connected

through 144 sessions during the year.

UltraTech Cement Limited

216

Integrated and Sustainability Report 2022-23:

Managing Director

Key Management Personnel (KMP)

Mr. Atul Daga - Whole-time Director and CFO

Key Management Personnel (KMP)

Mrs. Kritika Daga

Relative of KMP (Wife of Mr. Atul Daga)

(a)

The following transactions were carried out with the related parties in the ordinary course of business:

` in Crores

Nature of Transaction/Related Parties

Year Ended

March 31, 2023

Year Ended

March 31, 2022

Sale of Goods:

Grasim Industries Limited

19.67

14.48

UltraTech Nathdwara Cement Limited

636.56

561.98

UltraTech Cement Lanka Private Limited

167.39

139.47

Aditya Birla Power Composites Limited

-

0.35

Total

823.62

716.28

Purchase of Goods:

Grasim Industries Limited

7.30

1.56

UltraTech Nathdwara Cement Limited

2,673.44

2,117.93

Aditya Birla Renewables Energy Limited

8.12

8.03

Aditya Birla Renewables SPV 1 Limited

36.66

36.30

Ras Al Khaimah Co. for White Cement & Construction Materials P.S.C, UAE

66.26

-

Total

2,791.78

2,163.82

Sale of Property, Plant and Equipment:

Grasim Industries Limited

0.13

0.54

UltraTech Nathdwara Cement Limited

0.39

1.12

Aditya Birla Management Corporation Private Limited (CY: ` 11,412 and LY: ` Nil)

0.00

-

Total

0.52

1.66

Purchase of Property, Plant and Equipment:

Grasim Industries Limited

0.07

-

UltraTech Nathdwara Cement Limited

0.54

4.17

Aditya Birla Housing Finance Limited

-

0.08

Aditya Birla Management Corporation Private Limited (CY: ` 31,178)

0.00

0.06

Total

0.61

4.31

Services received from:

Grasim Industries Limited

0.28

0.27

UltraTech Nathdwara Cement Limited

0.45

-

UltraTech Cement Lanka Private Limited

6.61

0.00

Samruddhi Swastik Trading and Investments Limited

1.26

1.13

Aditya Birla Health Insurance Limited

-

(0.06)

ABNL Investment Limited

3.72

2.90

Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance Company Limited

10.89

16.83

KMP (including director’s sitting fees and director commission)

42.84

32.76

Aditya Birla Management Corporation Private Limited

413.20

364.93

Relative of KMP

0.01

0.01

Total

479.26

418.77

303

Financial Statements:

letter of credit or security deposits.

Total Trade receivable as on March 31, 2023 is ` 3,242.17 Crores (March 31, 2022 ` 2,706.82 Crores). The Company

does not have higher concentration of credit risks to a single customer. A single largest customer has total

exposure in sales 2.93% (March 31, 2022: 2.51%) and in receivables 11.11% (March 31, 2022: 11.60%)

As per simplified approach, the Company makes provision of expected credit losses on trade receivables using a

provision matrix to mitigate the risk of default payments and makes appropriate provision at each reporting date

wherever outstanding is for longer period and involves higher risk.

As per policy, receivables are classified into different buckets based on the overdue period ranging from 6 months

– one year to more than two years. There are different provisioning norms for each bucket which are ranging from

25% to 100%.

Movement of Allowances for credit losses:

` in Crores

Particulars

March 31, 2023

March 31, 2022

Opening provision

82.39

83.35

Add: Provided during the year

4.92

2.28

Less: Utilised during the year

(1.42)

(3.24)

Closing Provision

85.89

82.39

Investments, Derivative Instruments, Cash and Cash Equivalent and Deposits with Banks/Financial Institutions

Credit Risk on cash and cash equivalent, deposits with the banks / financial institutions is generally low as the

said deposits have been made with the banks / financial institutions who have been assigned high credit rating by

international and domestic rating agencies.

Credit Risk on Derivative Instruments are generally low as Company enters into the Derivative Contracts with the

reputed Banks and Financial Institutions.

Investments of surplus funds are made only with approved Financial Institutions / Counterparty. Investments

primarily include investment in units of mutual funds, quoted Bonds, Non-Convertible Debentures issued by

Government / Semi Government Agencies / PSU Bonds / High Investment grade corporates etc. These Mutual

Funds and Counterparties have low credit risk.

Total Non-current and current investments excluding Subsidiaries, Joint Ventures and Associates as on March 31,

2023 is ` 6,246.42 Crores (March 31, 2022 ` 6,114.72 Crores.)

Financial Guarantees

The Company has given corporate guarantees amounting to ` 2,182.42 Crores in favour of its subsidiaries and joint

ventures (Refer note 33 (c)).

319

Financial Statements:

Managing Director

Key Management Personnel (KMP)

Mr. Atul Daga - Whole-time Director and CFO

Key Management Personnel (KMP)

Mrs. Kritika Daga

Relative of KMP (Wife of Mr. Atul Daga)

(a)

The following transactions were carried out with the related parties in the ordinary course of business:

` in Crores

Nature of Transaction/Relationship

Year ended

March 31, 2023

Year ended

March 31, 2022

Sale of Goods:

Grasim Industries Limited

19.67

14.48

Aditya Birla Power Composites Limited

-

0.35

Total

19.67

14.83

Purchase of Goods:

Grasim Industries Limited

7.30

1.56

Aditya Birla Renewables SPV 1 Limited

36.66

36.30

Aditya Birla Renewables Energy Limited

8.12

8.03

Ras Al Khaimah Co. for White Cement & Construction Materials P.S.C, UAE

66.26

-

Total

118.34

45.89

Sale of Property, Plant and Equipment:

Aditya Birla Management Corporation Private Limited (CY: ` 11,412 and LY: ` Nil)

0.00

-

Grasim Industries Limited

0.13

0.54

Total

0.13

0.54

391

Financial Statements:

letter of credit or security deposits.

Total Trade receivables as on March 31, 2023 is ` 3,867.02 Crores (March 31, 2022: ` 3,071.61 Crores)

The Group does not have higher concentration of credit risks to a single customer. Single largest customer has total

exposure in sales of 2.8% (March 31, 2022: 2.4%) and in receivables of 9.3% (March 31, 2022: 10.2%).

As per simplified approach, the Company makes provision of expected credit losses on trade receivables using a

provision matrix to mitigate the risk of default payments and makes appropriate provision at each reporting date

wherever outstanding is for longer period and involves higher risk.

As per policy receivables are classified into different buckets based on the overdue period ranging from 6 months

– one year to more than two years. There are different provisioning norms for each bucket which are ranging from

25% to 100%.

Movement of allowances for credit losses:

` in Crores

Particulars

March 31, 2023

March 31, 2022

Opening provision

145.28

148.47

Add: Provided during the year

4.92

3.38

Less: Utilised during the year

(56.70)

(8.64)

Add: Effect of Foreign Currency Conversion

5.20

2.07

Closing Provision

98.70

145.28

Investments, Derivative Instruments, Cash and Cash Equivalent and Deposits with Bank/Financial Institutions

Credit Risk on cash and cash equivalent, deposits with the banks / financial institutions is generally low as the

said deposits have been made with the banks / financial institutions who have been assigned high credit rating by

international and domestic rating agencies.

Credit Risk on Derivative Instruments is generally low as Group enters into the Derivative Contracts with the

reputed Banks and Financial Institutions.

Investments of surplus funds are made only with approved Financial Institutions / Counterparty. Investments

primarily include investment in units of mutual funds, quoted Bonds, Non-Convertible Debentures issued by

Government / Semi Government Agencies / PSU Bonds / High Investment grade corporates etc. These Mutual

Funds and Counterparties have low credit risk.

Total Non-current and current investments as on March 31, 2023 is ` 6,279.56 Crores (March 31, 2022 ` 6,234.52

Crores)

Financial Guarantees:

The company has given corporate guarantees of ` 1.70 crores. (Refer Note 37(c)).

409

Financial Statements:

Chairman's message

-

6

2-23 Policy commitments

Business

responsibility and

sustainability report

Section B

207

2-24 Embedding policy commitments

Business

responsibility and

sustainability report

Section B

207

2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations

Business

responsibility and

sustainability report

Section A

205

2-28 Membership associations

Business

responsibility and

sustainability report

Principle-7

213

UltraTech Cement Limited

424

Integrated and Sustainability Report 2022-23:

