Message from the Chairman and: Managing

MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN AND: MANAGING DIRECTOR

Dear Fellow Shareholders,

In an essay,

“That Which Is Seen,

and That Which Is

Not Seen”, the French

theorist Frédéric Bastiat

says “…an act, …, gives

birth not only to an

effect, but to a series

of effects. Of these

effects, the first only is

immediate; it manifests

itself simultaneously

with its cause — it is

seen. The others unfold

in succession — they

are not seen: … Hence

it follows that the bad

economist pursues a

small present good,

which will be followed

by a great evil to

come, while the true

economist pursues a

great good to come,

— at the risk of a small

present evil.” For us, at

Zen Technologies, the

“small present evil” has

cost our shareholders,

in the short term, a

tremendous amount

of earnings and resulted

in “lost” profits as Zen

deployed precious

current resources in

R&D.

Emerging as trailblazers

Over the past 3 decades, we have spent

hundreds of Crore in R&D to build great

products and develop a unique set of

capabilities that makes Zen a rare beast

in Indian defence. What makes it rare

is that, unlike most companies that

conduct research funded by DRDO

against guaranteed orders, Zen chooses

its products, finances its research, and

shoulders the complete risk of failure.

Remarkably, the IP developed here is

100% owned by Zen. For the first 25

years of its existence, Zen remained

laser-focused on simulators, cultivating

exceptionally deep expertise in this

domain. By contrast, in most other

organizations, the IP is either owned

exclusively by DRDO, shared jointly

with DRDO, or held in collaboration

with another partner. Today, in most

categories of army simulators, Zen has

arguably the world's best simulators.

These products and our capabilities

are now helping us benefit from the

opportunities provided by the new

environment. Almost 2 decades ago,

when Zen proposed that indigenously

designed and manufactured products

be given preference over products that

were just manufactured in India, the idea

was laughed at. One remark particularly

stuck with me “Pehle chalna seekho, baad

me udne ki baat karenge” (First learn to

walk, then we will talk about flying)”. When

most people disagree with you, you know

you are on to something.

Embodying

#Atmanirbharbharat

It was in 2015, that the late Mr. Manohar

Parrikar immediately got the concept

of how Indigenously Designed,

Developed and Manufactured (IDDM)

can completely alter the Indian defence

landscape and included it in the Defence

Procurement Procedure 2016 by the

category Buy Indian IDDM. I think this

was the seminal moment that flipped

the defence efforts of the industry from

only seeking foreign partnerships for

#MakeInIndia and being glorified coolies

to establishing indigenous innovative

and IP-focused companies developing

Indian-owned IP, thus symbolising true

#Atmanirbharbharat (self-reliance).

This focus on IDDM has helped Zen win

new tenders. The IDDM procurement

process, thankfully, is very rigorous

and companies that want to fake the

category are backing out due to the

various parameters being tested and

severe possible penalties.

In many of the tenders, with few

companies spending serious R&D money,

Zen has emerged as a resultant single

vendor. This is helping us not only win

Indian orders but also establish ourselves

as a global leader for army simulators.

Even in the case of anti-drone systems

(ADS), we have got orders after being

a resultant single vendor. While we are

a very serious player in ADS in India,

we are putting in extraordinary efforts

to gain global leadership too. We plan

to continuously invest massive R&D

resources in our effort to give absolutely

the latest to the Indian and friendly

foreign forces. We expect ADS to be a

blockbuster product in the coming years.

Now that the context is set, let me take

you through our performance in the year

gone by.

A strong FY2023

The year has been unusually strong and

memorable for us as our efforts have

resulted in your Company recording its

highest-ever revenue of H 161.44 Crore

(standalone), marking a stellar increase

of ~200% over the previous year. Exports

Ashok Atluri

CHAIRMAN & MANAGING

DIRECTOR

There are

decades where

nothing happens;

and there are

weeks where

decades happen.

Looking ahead, we are confident

of securing several orders before

the end of September 2023 and

have already crossed the ~ ₹ 1,000

Crore mark as of August 2023.

"

17

STRATEGIC REVIEW | STATUTORY REPORTS | FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

02-37

16

ZEN TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN AND: MANAGING DIRECTOR

We believe the next couple of years will

see increased acquisition of simulators

by the armed forces. The Ukraine-

Russia war has decisively demonstrated

that just having the latest equipment

is not enough; you need to be trained

comprehensively and quickly to be able

to operate the equipment.

A recent study released by TERI in

June 2023, New Delhi, has clearly

demonstrated that using simulators has

immense benefits - both to the forces

and the environment. In fact, they

have indicated that the induction

of simulators to train gunnery personnel

on tanks can save as much as ~ H 381

Crore, including environmental costs.

These savings are staggering. We expect

that such studies will accelerate the path

to simulation within the forces.

Rapidly emerging

opportunities

Our counter-drone solutions have

garnered significant interest from

international clients, prompting us to

actively pursue the expansion of our

export endeavours. We are confident

that in the coming years, we will be able

to serve the markets in the USA, Middle

East, Europe, including CIS, and Africa.

Our R&D capabilities form the bedrock

of our future endeavours. To date, we

have applied for 130+ patents for our

pioneering initiatives and dedicated

more than ~ H 100 Crore to R&D efforts

over the past few years. Following the

successful launch of our counter-drone

technology, we are deeply investing in the

technology to attain global leadership in

the field.

Being an IP-driven business, with bills

of material costs typically accounting

for 15-35% of the final price, our post-

breakeven contribution is substantial. We

are committed not only to continuous

and significant investments in R&D to

maintain our competitive edge and

expand our IP portfolio but also to

strategising ways to capitalise on our

IP assets in a significant manner. Our

sustained high investments in R&D over

the lifespan of our Company create a

contributed ~ H 55.49 Crore to the

revenue, with the remaining contribution

came from domestic sales. Our PAT grew

by ~1,750% while our EBITDA recorded a

growth of ~700% over the previous year.

Complimenting this is our order book,

which stood at ~ H 473 Crore owing to the

multiple new orders worth H 141.67 Crore

we secured in Q4 FY2023.

Looking ahead, we are confident

of securing orders worth couple of

hundreds of crores before the end

of September 2023 and have already

crossed the ~ H 1,000 Crore mark as of

August 2023.

Focus on India

Amidst the escalating global tensions,

India must maintain its preparedness,

resilience and ability to respond effectively

as the need arises. The mounting tensions

with neighbouring countries and the

ongoing conflict between Russia and

Ukraine underscore the importance

of India's aspirations to become a

defence hub. While other countries

have hegemonistic aspirations, India’s

self-reliance aspirations are to shore up

defensive and retaliatory capabilities.

Your Company continues to excel

through its asset-light business model by

outsourcing most of the operations while

formidable entry barrier for potential

newcomers, providing us with a distinct

and sustainable competitive advantage.

With innovation at the heart of our

operations, we are well-positioned to

forge ahead, delivering cutting-edge

solutions to meet the evolving needs of

the defence industry and reinforcing our

position as a leader in this space.

Embedding sustainability

across our operations

While we prioritise innovation and

profitability, we consider sustainability

to be our core value and strive to

embed sustainable practices and

processes across our operations. We

are committed to taking concrete steps

in our sustainability journey focused

on environmental responsibility and

upholding high ethical standards.

We collaborated with the TERI (The

Energy and Resources Institute) and

worked jointly on overall objectives to

enhance environmental awareness and

promote sustainability. We also worked

on an assessment of how simulators

can enhance sustainability in the

armed forces and released a report on

‘Supporting Defence Sectors Efforts

Towards Sustainability: Application

of Simulators in Army Training’. This

study seeks to assess and quantify the

environmental and economic benefits

of using simulators for training in the

armed forces.

According to an analysis by TERI, the

use of crew gunnery simulators has

the potential to result in cost savings

of H 381 Crore over a span of 30 years.

Additionally, the use of simulators could

reduce GHG emissions. Specifically, at

the implementation of simulators could

potentially prevent the emission of 3,676

tCO2e over a span of 30 years.

Towards success

Our long-term vision is to establish

ourselves as the foremost global player

in training and simulation, and ADS, with

a targeted growth rate of 50-60% CAGR

over the next 5 years. Aligned with the

burgeoning global and Indian defence

keeping the other aspects of the value

chain - like R&D, Engineering, After Sales

Service, Marketing and Sales. Leveraging

a reliable supply chain built over the past

three decades, we outsource a significant

portion of our manufacturing, resulting

in minimised capital investment and fixed

assets. This approach has enabled us to

maintain cost efficiency and experience

improved cash flows. The AMCs have

once again proven to be a robust revenue

stream with consistent profitability. This

fiscal year, it contributed H 35.90 Crore to

our total revenue. Moreover, our current

liquidity position is at an all-time high,

positioning us favourably to fulfill our

ambitious growth plans.

Additionally, we foresee promising

opportunities for the expansion and

diversification of the export market

To emerge as an important defence hub,

the Government of India has introduced

strategic initiatives like Make in India and

Atmanirbhar Bharat, leaving no stone

unturned in fortifying our country's

military capabilities. Agnipath Yojana,

presents a valuable opportunity for the

Indian youth to serve in the armed forces

in a short stint and contribute to national

security. Furthermore, the government

has implemented several initiatives to

foster the development of indigenous

drone capabilities in both offensive and

counter-drone domains. To facilitate

this, the Drone Rules, 2021 have been

liberalised and a Product Linked Incentive

(PLI) program for drones and drone

components has been established.

Efforts are afoot currently to expand

the PLI scheme to embrace more of

the Drone ecosystem including ADS.

These policies will collectively bolster the

nation's drone ecosystem.

Additionally, in 2021, the Ministry of

Defence announced a simulation

framework to promote increased and

accelerated utilisation of simulators

by the three armed forces and the

Indian Coast Guard. We have seen the

beginning of serious implementation

of the framework by the government.

simulator market, we have committed

significant resources in simulators and

counter-drone systems, thereby adding

value to our portfolio.

Furthermore, to fortify our capabilities,

we intend to forge extended partnerships

with Indian Original Equipment

Manufacturers (OEMs) to collaboratively

develop these cutting-edge simulators for

their equipment platforms and integrate

their weapon platform with our ADS.

Q. One question we are frequently asked

is: are you going beyond simulators

and counter-drone solutions?

A. The answer is there is a tremendous

scope for growth in simulators and

counter-drone systems. Under special

circumstances, we are keen to look

at other opportunities provided the

technology being offered gives us a

shot at being the world’s best in that

field and Zen has the capability to

absorb the technology and undertake

further research for future versions

of the product and if the size of the

market is reasonable.

Our accomplishments would not have

been possible without the dedication

of our workforce. I extend my heartfelt

appreciation for the unwavering passion

displayed every day. To our bankers for

timely support, to regulatory authorities

who are working day and night to frame

enabling policies and finally, to our fellow

shareholders, your trust and confidence

inspire us to excel further. I express my

gratitude to the Government of India for

recognising the significance of defence

simulators and undertaking measures to

promote indegenous R&D in defence.

Together, let us continue our efforts to

ensure the safety of our soldiers and

pave the way for India to ascend as a

global military hub. Your support and

collaboration remain integral to our

shared vision and success.

Best wishes,

Ashok Atluri

CHAIRMAN & MANAGING DIRECTOR

200.58%

Y-O-Y GROWTH

IN REVENUE FROM

OPERATIONS

701.24%

Y-O-Y GROWTH IN

EBITDA

1763.37%

Y-O-Y GROWTH IN PAT

18

19

ZEN TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED

STRATEGIC REVIEW | STATUTORY REPORTS | FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

02-37

Managing Director of

Pawan Hans Helicopters Limited.

Dr Ravindra Kumar Tyagi

INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR

A

C

N

Mr. Amreek Singh Sandhu is a finance and secretarial professional

with more than 36 years of industry experience in various

areas, such as corporate finance, treasury, audit, mergers and

acquisitions, public issues, secretarial and compliance matters,

HR, administration, and legal functions. He holds an M. Com,

LL.B., MBA, FCS, FCMA, EPAF-IIM(C), and has served in reputed

Companies, such as Herman Milkfoods Limited, Gati Limited,

Ybrant Digital Limited, and AMR India Limited, with experience

in manufacturing (electronics, consumers goods, dairy

products, etc), cargo, logistics, shipping, power, digital media,

infrastructure, and mining.

Mr. Sandhu was awarded the Best CFO award by 9.9 Group

(CFO India) in the year 2017 (for Risk Management) and 2018

(for Cash Management). He has also attended and addressed

numerous seminars and conferences on various professional

and educational topics, such as CSR, Corporate Governance,

maximising shareholder value, strategic finance, business

strategies for economic revival, combating the risk of corporate

frauds, compliances, GST, digitalisation, etc., organised by CII,

CFO forums, ICSI, ICWAI, Dun & Bradstreet, etc. Before the

recession of 2007, he has also extended some of his insights in his

article on Inflation and Economic Recession, that was published

in CFO Asia.

Mr. Amreek Singh Sandh

INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR

A

R

N

S

Mr. Ashok Atluri is a post-graduate diploma holder in applied

computer science. He instrumental in designing the simulators

on the Windows-Intel platforms to ensure the products are

simple to use and meet industry standards. He received the

"Small Scale Entrepreneur of the Year" award from Hyderabad

Management Association in 1998.

Mr. Ashok Atluri

CHAIRMAN &: MANAGING DIRECTOR

A

S

C

R

Mr. Kishore Dutt Atluri is a post-graduate in Computer

Application from the University of Hyderabad. With over 21

patents to his name, he has a deep understanding of simulation

technology and its applications for defence and homeland

security. He has been instrumental in the development of Zen’s

range of virtual and live simulation systems, including simulators

for Infantry, Armoured Corps, Mech Forces, and Air Defence;

thus catering to the needs of Police Forces, Central Police

Organisations, Civilians, and Miners. His primary roles at Zen

include technology direction and product development, aligned

with the Company’s strategy.

Mr. Kishore Dutt Atluri

FOUNDER, PRESIDENT &

JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR

22

23

ZEN TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED

STRATEGIC REVIEW | STATUTORY REPORTS | FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

02-37

Managing Director

Mr Kishore Dutt Atluri

(DIN: 09691242)

President and Joint: Managing

Managing Director of the

Company for a further period of three (3) years with effect from

01 May 2023, in supersession to the earlier resolution passed

by the shareholders of the Company in their meeting held on

19 September 2020, whose office is liable to retire by rotation, on

the terms and conditions and at a remuneration as set out in the

statement herein below:

A. SALARY: ₹ 12,50,000/- (Rupees Twelve Lakhs and Fifty

thousand only) per month.

B. HOUSING:

i)

Where accommodation in the Company owned house is

provided, he will pay 10% of his salary towards house rent;

ii)

Where hired accommodation is provided, the expenditure

incurred on hiring furnished accommodation including

maintenance cost will be borne by the Company;

iii)

In case, the Company does not provide accommodation,

house rent allowance shall be paid @ 40% of the

salary and;

iv) The expenditure incurred by the Company on gas,

electricity, water and furnishing shall be evaluated as per

the Income Tax Rules, subject to a ceiling of ten percent

(10%) of the salary.

C. INCENTIVE: @3% on net profits of the Company for each

financial year.

D. PERQUISITES: In addition to the above, he shall be entitled

to the following perquisites classified into three categories

as follows:

Notice

Notice is hereby given that the 30th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the members of Zen Technologies Limited

(CIN: L72200TG1993PLC015939) (“the Company”) will be held on Saturday, 16 September 2023, at 11:00 a.m. (IST) through Video

Conferencing (“VC”)/Other Audio Visual Means (“OAVM”) to transact the following business(s):

39

STRATEGIC REVIEW | STATUTORY REPORTS | FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

38-107:

Managing Director, be entitled to

receive any fee for attending any meeting of the Board or

Committee thereof.

iv) Notice period and other terms regarding cessation

of employment shall be governed as per the rules of

the Company.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT notwithstanding anything herein

stated above, where in any financial year during the tenure of

Mr. Ashok Atluri (DIN: 00056050) as Chairman and Managing

Director of the Company, the Company incurs a loss or its

profits are inadequate, the Company shall pay the above

remuneration by way of salary, perquisites and other allowances as

minimum remuneration.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors be and are

hereby authorised to take such steps and do all such acts, deeds,

matters and things as may be considered necessary, proper and

expedient to give effect to this resolution.”

Item No.6: Re-appointment of and remuneration

payable to Mr. Kishore Dutt Atluri as President and

Joint: Managing

Managing Director, be entitled to

receive any fee for attending any meeting of the Board or

Committee thereof.

iv) Notice period and other terms regarding cessation

of employment shall be governed as per the rules of

the Company.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT notwithstanding anything herein

stated above, where in any financial year during the tenure of

Mr. Kishore Dutt Atluri (DIN: 09691242) as President and Joint: Managing

Managing Director of the

Company, retires by rotation at the ensuing annual general

meeting and, being eligible, offers himself for re-appointment.

The Board of directors commends the re-appointment of

Mr. Ashok Atluri as a Director, liable to retire by rotation.

PROCEDURE AND INSTRUCTIONS FOR

REMOTE E-VOTING:

i.

Pursuant

to

SEBI

circular

no.

SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/

CIR/P/2020/242 dated 09 December 2020 on “e-voting

facility provided by Listed Companies”, e-voting process has

been enabled to all the individual demat account holders, by

way of single login credential, through their demat accounts/

websites of Depositories/DPs in order to increase the

efficiency of the voting process.

ii.

In compliance with the provisions of Section 108 of the Act,

read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management and

Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended from time to time,

Regulation 44 of the SEBI Listing Regulations and in terms of

SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated

09 December 2020 in relation to e-voting Facility Provided by

Listed Entities, the Members are provided with the facility to

cast their vote electronically, through the e-voting services

provided by KFin, on all the resolutions set forth in this Notice.

The instructions for e-voting are given herein below.

iii.

Individual demat account holders would be able to cast

their vote without having to register again with the e-voting

service provider (ESP) thereby not only facilitating seamless

authentication but also ease and convenience of participating

in e-voting process. Shareholders are advised to update

their mobile number and e-mail ID with their DPs to access

e-voting facility.

iv.

The remote e-voting facility will be available during the

following period:

Commencement of

remote e-voting

9.00 a.m. (IST) on Monday,

11 September 2023

End of remote e-voting

5.00 p.m. (IST) on Friday,

15 September 2023

v.

The voting rights of members shall be in proportion to their

shares in the paid-up equity share capital of the Company as

on the cut-off date.

vi.

Any person holding shares in physical form and non-individual

shareholders, who acquires shares of the Company and

becomes a Member of the Company after sending of

the notice and holding shares as of the cut-off date, may

obtain the login ID and password by sending a request at

evoting@Kfintech.com. However, if he/she is already

registered with KFintech for remote e-voting then he/she can

use his/her existing User ID and password for casting the vote.

vii. In case of Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat

mode and who acquires shares of the Company and becomes

a Member of the Company after sending of the notice

and holding shares as of the cut-off date may follow steps

mentioned below under “Login method for remote e-voting

and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding

securities in demat mode”.

viii. The details of the process and manner for remote e-voting

and e-AGM are explained herein below:

Step 1:

Access to Depositories e-voting system in case

of individual shareholders holding shares in

demat mode.

Step 2:

Access to KFintech e-voting system in case

of shareholders holding shares in physical and

non- individual shareholders in demat mode.

Step 3:

Access to join virtual meetings(e-AGM) of the

Company on KFintech system to participate e-AGM

and vote at the AGM.

45

STRATEGIC REVIEW | STATUTORY REPORTS | FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

38-107:

Letter etc., authorizing its

representative to attend the AGM through VC/OAVM on

its behalf and to cast its vote through remote e-voting.

together with attested specimen signature(s) of the

duly authorised representative(s), to the Scrutinizer

at email id rao_ds7@yahoo.co.in with a copy marked

to evoting@kfintech.com. The scanned image of the

above-mentioned documents should be in the naming

format “Corporate Name-EVEN No”.

B.

Members whose email IDs are not registered with the

Company/Depository Participants(s), and consequently the

Annual Report, Notice of AGM and e-voting instructions

cannot be serviced, will have to follow the following process:

i.

Members who have not registered their email address

and in consequence the Annual Report, Notice of AGM

and e-voting instructions cannot be serviced, may

temporarily get their email address and mobile number

provided with KFin, by accessing the link:

https://ris.kfintech.com/clientservices/mobilereg/

mobileemailreg.aspx

Members are requested to follow the process as guided to

capture the email address and mobile number for sending

the soft copy of the notice and e-voting instructions

along with the User ID and Password. In case of any

queries, member may write to einward.ris@kfintech.com.

ii.

Alternatively, member may send an e-mail request

at the email id einward.ris@kfintech.com along with

signed scanned copy of the request: letter providing

the email address, mobile number, self-attested PAN

copy and Client Master copy in case of electronic folio

and copy of share certificate in case of physical folio

for sending the Annual report, Notice of AGM and the

e-voting instructions.

iii.

After receiving the e-voting instructions, please follow all

steps above to cast your vote by electronic means.

47

STRATEGIC REVIEW | STATUTORY REPORTS | FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

38-107

Managing Director

of the Company for nearly~three decades and has played an

instrumental role in the growth of the Company. During his tenure

as: Managing Director of the Company, he has made significant

contribution to the growth of the Company in terms of business

and profitability.

The Board, pursuant to the recommendation of the Nomination

and Remuneration Committee and prior approval of Audit

Committee, at its meeting held on 06 May 2023, by taking into

consideration the duties and responsibilities of the Managing

Director and the prevailing managerial remuneration in the bench

marked industries, approved the re-appointment of Mr. Ashok

Atluri as

Managing Director of

the Company.

Pursuant to Regulation 17(6)(e) of the Listing Regulations

any remuneration payable to the Executive Directors who are

promoters or members of the promoter group in excess of higher

of Rupees 5 Crores or 2.5% of the net profits to one such director

or 5% of net profits in aggregate to all such directors requires the

approval of the members of the Company by special resolution.

The remuneration payable to all the Executive Directors who are

promoters or members of the promoter group including Mr. Kishore

Dutt Atluri are reviewed and approved, from time to time, by the

Board and the members of the Company within the permissible

limits as prescribed under the provisions of Section 197 of the

Companies Act, 2013 read with Schedule V thereof. The aggregate

remuneration payable to Executive Directors who are promoters or

members of the promoter group including Mr. Kishore Dutt Atluri

is exceeding the limits prescribed in aforesaid regulation. Hence,

it is proposed to seek the approval of the members by special

resolution in compliance with the above said Listing Regulations.

The Profile of Mr. Kishore Dutt Atluri along with details as required

under Regulation 36 of the Listing Regulations and pursuant

to Secretarial Standards on general meetings is furnished in

Annexure-A to this notice.

Except Mr. Kishore Dutt Atluri being the appointee and Mr. Ashok

Atluri, Mrs. Shilpa Choudari and their relatives, none of the other

Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and their

relatives is concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in

the Resolution.

The Board recommends the Special Resolution set out at Item no.

6 of the notice for approval by the members.

Item No.7: Re-appointment of and remuneration

payable to Mrs. Shilpa Choudari as Whole-time Director

of the Company:

Mrs. Shilpa Choudari was appointed as Whole-time Director

of the Company for a period of three (3) years w.e.f.

01 November 2020 by the members of the Company at their

meeting held on 28 August 2021.

The Board, pursuant to the recommendation of the Nomination

and Remuneration Committee and prior approval of Audit

Committee, at its meeting held on 05 August 2023, approved the

re-appointment of Mrs. Shilpa Choudari as Whole-time Director

of the Company for a further period of three (3) years w.e.f.

01 November 2023, on the remuneration as set out in the

resolution, subject to approval of the shareholders.

Mrs. Shilpa Choudari is not disqualified from being appointed

as Director in terms of Section 164 of the Act and has given her

consent to act as Whole-time Director of the Company.

Pursuant to Regulation 17(6)(e) of the Listing Regulations

any remuneration payable to the Executive Directors who are

promoters or members of the promoter group in excess of higher

of Rupees 5 Crores or 2.5% of the net profits to one such director

or 5% of net profits in aggregate to all such directors requires the

approval of the members of the Company by special resolution.

The remuneration payable to all the Executive Directors who are

promoters or members of the promoter group including Mrs. Shilpa

Choudari are reviewed and approved, from time to time, by the

Board and the members of the Company within the permissible

limits as prescribed under the provisions of Section 197 of the

Companies Act, 2013 read with Schedule V thereof. The aggregate

remuneration payable to Executive Directors who are promoters

or members of the promoter group including Mrs. Shilpa Choudari

is exceeding the limits prescribed in aforesaid regulation. Hence,

it is proposed to seek the approval of the members by special

resolution in compliance with the above said Listing Regulations.

The Profile of Mrs. Shilpa Choudari along with details as required

under Regulation 36 of the Listing Regulations and pursuant

to Secretarial Standards on general meetings is furnished in

Annexure-A to this notice.

Except Mrs. Shilpa Choudari being the appointee, Mr. Ashok Atluri,

Mr. Kishore Dutt Atluiri, and their relatives, none of the other

Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and their

relatives is concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in

the Resolution.

The Board recommends the Special Resolution set out at Item no.

7 of the notice for approval by the members.

Item No.8: Re-appointment of Ms. Sirisha Chintapalli as

an Independent Director:

Ms. Sirisha Chintapalli was appointed as an Independent

Director of the Company for a period of three (3) years w.e.f.

08 August 2020, by the members of the Company at their meeting

held on 19 September 2020.

The Board, pursuant to the recommendation of the Nomination

and Remuneration Committee and prior approval of Audit

Committee, at its meeting held on 05 August 2023, approved the

re-appointment of Ms. Sirisha Chintapalli (DIN: 08407008) as an

Independent Director, not liable to retire by rotation, for second

consecutive term of 3 years w.e.f. 08 August 2023, subject to

approval of the shareholders.

Ms. Sirisha has given her declaration to the Board, inter alia, that

(i) she meets the criteria of independence as provided under

Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing

Regulations, (ii) is not restrained from acting as a Director by virtue

of any Order passed by SEBI or any such authority and (iii) is eligible

to be appointed as a Director in terms of Section 164 of the Act.

She has also given her consent to act as a Director.

In the opinion of the Board, Ms. Sirisha is a person of integrity,

possesses relevant expertise/experience and fulfills the conditions

specified in the Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations for re-

appointment as an Independent Director and she is independent

of the management. The profile and specific areas of expertise

and other details of Ms. Sirisha is provided in ‘Annexure-A’ to

this Notice.

Given her experience, the Board considers in the interest of the

Company to have her on the Board of the Company.

The terms and conditions of appointment of the independent

directors of the Company is open for inspection by the Members

in electronic form 21 days before the Annual General Meeting

and can be viewed on the Company’s website at https://www.

zentechnologies.com/investor-information.

50

ZEN TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23:

Managing Director of

the Company)

Mr. Kishore Dutt

Atluri is elder brother

of Mr. Ashok Atluri

(Chairman and: Managing Director of

the Company)

Mrs. Shilpa Choudari is

Spouse of Mr. Ashok

Atluri (

Managing Director,

Mr. M Ravi Kumar, Whole-Time Director and Mrs. Shilpa Choudari,

Whole-Time Director.

CHANGES IN DIRECTORS AND KEY

MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL (KMP)

During the year under review,

a)

Mr. M Ravi Kumar (DIN: 00089921) has been re-appointed

as the Whole-Time Director of the Company, not liable to

retire by rotation, for a period of three years, with effect

from 29 June 2022.

b)

Mr. Afzal H. Malkani has been appointed as Chief Financial

officer of the Company, in the place of Mr. Ashok Atluri, the

then Chief Financial Officer of the Company, with effect from

01 August 2022.

c)

Dr. Ajay Kumar Singh (DIN: 08532830) has been re-appointed

as the Non-executive Independent Director of the Company,

for the second consecutive term of three years, with effect

from 02 November 2022.

d)

Mr. Ashok Atluri (DIN:00056050) has been re-appointed

as Chairman and: Managing

letter and in spirit by the

Independent Directors.

c.

Bringing objectivity and independence of view to the

Board’s discussions in relation to the Company’s strategy,

performance, and risk management.

d.

Statutory compliance and ensuring high standards of financial

probity and Corporate Governance.

e.

Responsibility towards requirements under the Companies

Act, 2013, responsibilities of the Board and accountability

under the Director’s Responsibility Statement.

FAMILIARIZATION PROGRAMME FOR

INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS

The Independent Directors attend a Familiarization/Orientation

Program on being inducted into the Board. Further, various other

programmes are conducted for the benefit of Independent

Directors to provide periodical updates on regulatory front,

industry developments and any other significant matters of

importance. The Company issues a formal: letter of appointment

to the Independent

Managing Director nor the Whole-time Directors

of the Company receive any remuneration or commission

from any of its subsidiaries; and

5.

There is no change in the nature of the business of

the Company.

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

Your directors thank various departments of Central and State

Government, Organizations and Agencies for the continued

help and co-operation extended by them to your Company. Your

directors also gratefully acknowledge all stakeholders of the

Company viz. shareholders, customers, dealers, vendors, financial

institutions, banks and other business partners for the excellent

support received from them during the year.

Your directors place on record their sincere appreciation to all

employees of the Company for their unstinted commitment and

continued contribution to the Company.

For and on behalf of the Board

Place: Hyderabad

Date: 05 August 2023

Ashok Atluri

Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director

DIN: 00056050

Annexure-1

FORM NO. AOC – 1

(Pursuant to first proviso to sub-section (3) of section 129 read with rule 5 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)

Statement containing salient features of the financial statement of Subsidiaries/Associate Companies/Joint Ventures

PART “A”: SUBSIDIARIES

(₹ in lakhs)

1

Name of the subsidiary

Unistring Tech

Solutions

Private Limited

Zen Medical

Technologies

Private Limited

Zen Technologies

USA, Inc.

Zen UAE

Defence LLC

2

Date since it is subsidiary

27 September 2018

24 July 2020

09 May 2018

15 November 2022

3

Reporting period for the subsidiary

concerned, if different from the

holding Company’s reporting period

NA

NA

NA

NA

4

Reporting currency and Exchange

rate as on the last date of the

relevant Financial year in the case of

foreign subsidiaries.

NA

NA

1 USD = ₹ 82.22

1 AED = ₹ 21.75

5

Share capital

56.63

75.20

1434.67

--

6

Reserves & surplus

2195.00

(28.17)

(954.31)

(0.80)

7

Total assets

4603.32

47.34

489.30

--

8

Total Liabilities

2,264.39

0.28

8.93

0.80

9

Investments

--

--

--

--

10

Turnover

6,583.05

--

--

--

11

Profit before taxation

2022.14

(2.14)

(169.68)

(0.80)

12

Provision for taxation

546.62

--

--

--

13

Profit after taxation

1,475.52

(2.14)

(169.68)

(0.80)

14

Proposed Dividend

--

--

--

--

15

% of share/shareholding

51%

100%

100%

99%

Notes:

1.

Names of subsidiaries which are yet to commence operations: Zen Technologies USA, Inc. and Zen UAE Defence LLC.

2.

Names of subsidiaries which have been liquidated or sold during the year: Nil

PART “B”: ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES

Statement pursuant to Section 129 (3) of the Companies Act, 2013 related to Associate Companies and Joint Ventures.

The Company has no Associate Company or Joint Venture.

62

ZEN TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23:

Managing Director of

the Company

Appointed as

President and

Joint Managing

Director of

the Company

Ongoing

During the financial year 2022-23, he

received remuneration ₹ 69.24 lakhs

(including perks) and Incentive of

₹ 161.44 lakhs.

24 July

2021 and 30

July 2022

Nil

2

Mrs. A Rama Devi, Wife

of Mr. Kishore Dutt Atluri,

President and Joint: Managing Director of

the Company

Leasing of

property of

any kind

01 June 2022 to 31

May 2025

(Renewal with

mutual consent of

the parties)

Taking on lease 3 bedroom fully

furnished flat jointly owned by

Mr. Kishore Dutt Atluri, President

and Joint Managing Director of the

Company and his wife Mrs. A. Rama

Devi for using as Guest House for

Company’s executives and business

clients for ₹ 56,284/- per month plus

maintenance charges as per actuals

with an annual escalation on tariff

at 5%.

During the financial year 2022-23,

₹ 6.70 lakhs paid as a rent to the

related party.

07 May 2022

Security

deposit –

lease rent of

two months

3

Mr. Arjun Dutt Atluri,

Son of Mr. Kishore Dutt

Atluri, President and Joint

Managing Director of

the Company

Appointed to

office or place

of profit in

the Company

Ongoing

During the financial year 2022-23,

he received remuneration of ₹ 22.78

lakhs (including perks).

07 May 2022

Nil

4

Ms. Anisha Atluri,

Daughter of Mr. Kishore

Dutt Atluri, President and

Joint Managing Director

of the Company

Appointed to

office or place

of profit in

the Company

Ongoing

During the financial year 2022-23,

she received remuneration of

₹ 11.33 lakhs (including perks).

07 May 2022

Nil

5

Unistring Tech Solutions

Private Limited

(UTS), Subsidiary

Company

Purchase of

goods viz.,

Anti-Drone

Systems

Ongoing

During the year 2022-23, ₹ 842.01

lakhs was paid to UTS.

06 September

2022

Nil

For and on behalf of the Board

Place: Hyderabad

Date: 05 August 2023

Ashok Atluri

Managing Director

DIN: 00056050

Annexure-3

Statement of particulars of Conservation of Energy, Technology Absorption, Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo pursuant to the

provisions of Section 134(3)(m) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 8 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014

A. CONSERVATION OF ENERGY

(i) The steps taken or impact on conservation of energy:

The Company does not use energy-intensive equipment

for its operations. Besides, due to significant awareness

campaigns within the Company, the employees are averse

to wasting power. Consequently, the power consumption by

the employees is very low. The computers, air-conditioners

and other equipment being used by the Company are energy-

efficient and environment-friendly.

(ii) The steps taken by the Company for utilizing alternate sources

of energy:

a.

The Company is energy conscious. All types of driving

simulators

manufactured

by

the

Company

with

high-rated, power-saving servo motors.

b. The employees are disciplined on saving energy. Systems

are switched on only when it is to be used and switched

off as soon as the scheduled work is completed.

c.

The Company has made a policy decision of buying

systems that are rated high in power saving. Employees

work on LED monitors. Their energy consumption is

less. They also release less heat compared to CRT and

LCD monitors enabling the centralized air-conditioner

maintain the temperature with ease. The air-conditioner

too has a regulator to save power.

d. Plans are afoot to buy eco-friendly vehicles for intra-office

movement at the Hardware Park Plant and between the

research wing and production wings.

e. Also there is a move to harness solar energy for lighting

and wire fencing. The roof of the plant is about 70 feet

from ground and there are enough provisions for the day

light to seep into the plant to enable technical hands to

work without switching on electrical lights especially in

day time.

f.

Air conditioners are fitted with controllers to cut off

power at the set temperature. The present MH lamps

and mercury lamps are replaced with LED lamps which

consume only 40% of CFL and its minimum life is 50,000

burning hours.

g. The street lights and the complete indoor lights at the

Hardware Park are replaced with LED bulbs towards

efficient energy consumption.

h. The Company has installed motion sensor based lights in

the corporate & head office and the Hardware Park.

i.

We had also installed energy meters to our 40 Kva &

60 Kva UPS for monitoring Electric consumption for our

IT infrastructure.

(iii) The capital investment on energy conservation equipments:

The capital investment was made on controllers used for air

conditioners and LED bulbs.

B. TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION

(i) The efforts made towards technology absorption:

The Company has indigenously developed significant

technologies that are useful in various products. The

technologies nurtured within the Company have been

incorporated into various products.

(ii) The benefits derived like product improvement, cost

reduction, product development or import substitution:

We expect such technologies will give us an unbeatable

edge in evolving our products into advanced, reliable, and

robust simulators.

(iii) In case of imported technology (imported during the last three

years reckoned from the beginning of the financial year):

The Company has not imported any technology during the

past 3 years.

(iv) The expenditure incurred on Research and Development:

The Company has incurred ₹ 19.09 crores as R&D expenditure

(capital and revenue) for the financial year 2022-23 for the

development of various products. The Company has incurred

12.52% as R&D expenditure of Sales Turnover. The Company

will continue to make big bets for long-term national interests

which may impact short-term profitability of the Company.

C. FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO

(` In lakhs)

Particulars

FY 2022-2023

FY 2021-2022

Earned during the year

6,438.67

2,590.09

Used during the year

2,836.22

860.64

64

ZEN TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23:

Managing Director

DIN: 00056050

65

STRATEGIC REVIEW | STATUTORY REPORTS | FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

38-107:

Managing Director

DIN: 00056050

Dr. Ravindra Kumar Tyagi

Chairman of the CSR Committee

DIN: 01509031

Place: Hyderabad

Date: 05 August 2023

67

STRATEGIC REVIEW | STATUTORY REPORTS | FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

38-107:

Managing Director for a period of

3 years w.e.f., 01 August 2022 to 31 July 2025 with

the approval of Shareholders at the 29th Annual

General Meeting

4

Mrs. Shilpa Choudari

Re-appointment

Re-appointed as a Director at the 29th AGM held on

29 September 2022 upon retirement by rotation in

accordance with the provisions of Section 152 of

Companies Act, 2013.

Adequate notice has been given to all the directors to schedule the Board meetings. Agenda and detailed notes on agenda were sent

at least seven days in advance, and a system exists for seeking and obtaining further information and clarifications on the agenda items

before the meeting and for meaningful participation at the meeting.

As a general practice of the Board, decisions were taken on unanimous consent.

We further report that based on our verifications and the declarations received from the respective directors, the directors were not

disqualified to act as such as per the provisions of Companies Act, Rules, Orders/Circulars/Regulations issued by SEBI or such other acts

for the time being enforceable.

We further report that no prosecutions were initiated and no fines or penalties were imposed during the year under the Companies Act,

SEBI Act, SCRA Act or other SEBI Regulations on the Company or its Directors and officers of the Company.

We further report that there are adequate systems and processes in the Company, commensurate with its size and operations, to

monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.

We further report that during the year under review, the Company has granted 2,70,900 Employee Stock Options (ESOPs) at an exercise

price of ₹ 100/- per option, on 21 February 2023 in terms of “Zen Technologies Limited Employee Stock Option Plan – 2021”.

We further report that, during the year under review, in terms of the provisions of Section 124(5) of the Act, an amount of ₹ 1,18,157.20/-

being the Unclaimed Dividend of FY 2014-15, was transferred to the Investor Education and Protection Fund.

We further report that, in terms of the provisions of section 124(6) of the Act, 4,202 equity shares belonging to 4 shareholders were

transferred to the Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF). After affecting this transfer and claims settled, 1,13,752 shares were lying

in the IEPF account as on 31 March 2023.

We further report that, during the financial under review, ₹ 44,79,194/- lakhs have been spent in terms of the provisions of section 135 of

the Act, against actual obligation of ₹ 44,79,194/-.

Place: Hyderabad

Date: 05 August 2023

N. VANITHA; PCS

M. No: A26859

C P No: 10573

UDIN: A026859E000741826

Peer Review Cer No.1890/2022

Note: This report is to be read with our: letter of even date which is annexed as ‘Annexure A’ and forms an integral part of this report.

69

STRATEGIC REVIEW | STATUTORY REPORTS | FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

38-107

letter.

1.

Maintenance of Secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion

on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of

the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial

records. We believe that the processes and practices we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of accounts of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and happening

of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations and standards is the responsibility of the

management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with

which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

7.

We have relied on the information/documents received from the respective officials of the Company for forming our opinion and for

eventual reporting thereof.

70

ZEN TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23:

Managing Director

*48.07

Nil

2

Mr. Kishore Dutt Atluri, President and Joint Managing

Director $

*62.80

33.3%

3

Mr. M. Ravi Kumar, Whole-Time Director

19.0

33.3%

4

Mrs. Shilpa Choudari, Whole-Time Director

6.5

Nil

5

Mr. Amreek Singh Sandhu, Independent Director

Nil

Nil

6

Dr. Ravindra Kumar Tyagi, Independent Director

Nil

Nil

7

Dr. Ajay Kumar Singh, Independent Director

Nil

Nil

8

Ms. Sirisha Chintapalli, Independent Director

Nil

Nil

9

Mr. Hansraj Singh Rajput, Company Secretary

(upto 14 December 2022)

3.31%

15%

10

Mr. Afzal Harunbhai Malkani, Chief Financial Officer

(w.e.f. 01 August 2022)

18.13%

--

Note: Independent Directors were paid sitting fees for attending the Meetings.

* Increase in ratio is due to increase in commission linked to profits/sales.

$ Mr. Kishore Dutt Atluri was appointed as President and Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Contractual

B.Com, PG

Diploma Over

32 years

57

29-Jun-93

176.59

--

Not Applicable

Yes*

2

Mr. Kishore Dutt Atluri

President & Joint: Managing Director#

Contractual

Master of

Computer

Application 38

years

61

29-Jun-93

230.68

--

Not Applicable

Yes**

3

Mr. M. Ravi Kumar

Whole-Time Director

Contractual

PG Diploma

in Computer

Science

Around 34

years

61

29-Jun-93

69.79

--

Not Applicable

No

4

Mr. Afzal

Harunbhai Malkani

Chief

Financial Officer

B.Com, CA

20 years

44

01 Aug,

2022

66.52

Anupam

Rasayan India

Limited

Not Applicable

No

5

Mr. M. Vijaya Rama Rao

Sr. Manager (R&D-

Electronics),

Permanent

Employee

BE-Electronics

21 years

45

03-Apr-02

36.91

--

Not Applicable

No

6

Mr. Suhruth Taduri

Software

Head, Permanent

Employee

M. Sc.

18 years

44

01-Sep-21

36.00

Zen

Technologies

& Game

Shahstra

Not Applicable

No

7

Mr. Surya Prakash Koti

Project Lead

(Software),

Permanent

Employee

M.Sc-

Electronics

17 years

41

26-Dec-05

31.32

--

Not Applicable

No

8

Mr. Ravi Kumar Mummadi

Sr. Technical

Lead, Permanent

Employee

M. Tech

27 years

47

16-Jul-20

27.30

DRDL, DMRL,

Logical

Solutions

Not Applicable

No

9

Mr. Venkatapathi Raju

Sr Technical

Lead, Permanent

Employee

M. Tech

22 years

46

2-Jul-20

27.30

RCI-DRDO,

Logical

Solutions

Not Applicable

No

10

Mr. AVM Arvind Verma

Advisor

M.Sc (Military

Sciences)

42 years

64

04-Oct-16

27.00

Indian Air

Force from

1978 to 2015

Not Applicable

No

# Mr. Kishore Dutt Atluri was appointed as President and Joint Managing Director w.e.f. 01 August 2022.

*Mr. Ashok Atluri is brother of Mr. Kishore Dutt Atluri, President & Joint Managing Director and spouse of Mrs. Shilpa Choudari, Whole-Time Director of the Company.

**Mr. Kishore Dutt Atluri is brother of Mr. Ashok Atluri,

Managing Director w.e.f. 01 August 2022

# includes one Not-for-Profit License Company

All Directors are in compliance with the limits and other conditions as prescribed under Regulation 16, 17A, 26 and other applicable

Regulations, whichever is applicable, of the Listing Regulations and None of the Directors on the Board is a Director of any other listed

entity. Necessary disclosures regarding their Committee positions have been made by all the Directors.

The Company has received declarations on criteria of independence as provided in Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the

Listing Regulations from the Directors of the Company who have been classified as Independent Directors as on 31 March 2023.

73

STRATEGIC REVIEW | STATUTORY REPORTS | FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

38-107:

Managing Director,

i.

who is the brother of Mr. Kishore Dutt Atluri, President and

Joint: Managing Director of the Company; and

ii.

who is the spouse of Mrs. Shilpa Choudari, Whole-Time

Director of the Company.

None of the other Directors are related to each other.

(e) Shares and Convertible Instruments held by Non-

Executive Directors:

S.no.

Name of the Director

Number of Equity

Shares (face value

of ₹ 1/- each held in

the Company)

1

Mr. Amreek Singh Sandhu

Nil

2

Dr. Ravindra Kumar Tyagi

2,260

3

Dr. Ajay Kumar Singh

Nil

4

Ms. Sirisha Chintapalli

Nil

(f) The detail of Familiarization programmes

The details of programs for familiarization of the Independent

Directors with the Company, their roles, rights, responsibilities

in the Company, nature of the industry in which the Company

operates, business model of the Company and related matters are

available on the website of the Company at the Web link: https://

www.zentechnologies.com/investor-information

(g) List of core skills/expertise/competencies identified

by the Board of Directors:

The Company requires skills, expertise and competencies in the

areas of Leadership, Knowledge of the Company’s business,

Behavioural Skills, Financial Discipline and Risk Oversight, Board

Service & Governance, Strategic thinking and Planning and

Technical/Professional skills to effectively and efficiently carry on

its core businesses.

All the members of the Board possess the relevant skills, expertise,

competencies in the above mentioned areas and are well qualified

who bring in the above-mentioned required skills, expertise and

competence, which allow them to make effective contributions

to the Board and its Committees. The members of the Board are

committed to ensuring that the Company is in compliance with the

highest standards of corporate governance.

(h) The Board of Directors, based on the declarations received

from the Independent Directors, be and is hereby confirm that

in the opinion of the Board, the Independent Directors fulfil the

conditions specified in the Listing Regulations and are independent

of the management.

Further, pursuant to Section 150 of the Act read with Rule 6 of

the Companies (Appointment & Qualification of Directors) Rules,

2014, all Independent Directors have confirmed that they have

enrolled themselves in the Independent Directors’ Databank

maintained with the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs and are in

compliance with the related provisions from time to time.

(i) During the year under review, no independent director has

resigned from the directorship of the Company before the expiry

of his/her term of appointment.

(j) Code of Conduct:

The Board has laid down two separate Codes of Conduct, one for

all the Board Members and the other for Senior Management of

the Company. These Codes have been posted on the Company’s

website

https://www.zentechnologies.com/policies-and-code-

of-conduct. All the Board members and Senior Management

Personnel have affirmed compliance with these Codes. A

declaration signed by the

Managing Director w.e.f. 01 August 2022

(ii) Details of fixed component and performance linked incentives, along with the performance criteria: No director was allowed any fixed

or performance linked incentives.

(iii) Service contracts, notice period, severance fees:

There are neither specific contracts nor any severance fees. Terms of appointment are as decided by the Board and General Body

from time to time.

(iv) Stock option details, if any including issue at a discount as well as the period over which accrued and over which execisable:

The Company has no options outstanding as at the beginning of the year and has not granted any stock options during the financial

year 2022-23.

9) GENERAL BODY MEETINGS.

(a) Location and time, where last three AGMs held: The following are the details of the last three Annual General Meetings held:

Financial Year

Date & time

Venue

Special resolution(s)

Passed

Number

2021-22

29 September 2022

at 11.00 a.m. (IST)

The Company conducted this AGM through VC/OAVM

pursuant to the MCA and SEBI Circulars and as such there

is no requirement to have a venue for the AGM.

Yes

9

2020-21

28 August 2021 at

10.00 a.m. (IST)

The Company conducted this AGM through VC/OAVM

pursuant to the MCA and SEBI Circulars and as such there

is no requirement to have a venue for the AGM.

Yes

8

2019-20

19 September 2020

at 10.00 a.m. (IST)

The Company conducted this AGM through VC/OAVM

pursuant to the MCA and SEBI Circulars and as such there

is no requirement to have a venue for the AGM.

Yes

3

(b) Postal Ballot: During the year under review, no resolution(s)

passed through postal ballot and there are no resolutions

proposed to be passed through postal ballot now.

10) MEANS OF COMMUNICATION.

(a) Quarterly results:

The quarterly results of the Company are published in accordance

with the requirements of the Listing Regulations.

The Annual reports with audited financial statements are sent to

the shareholders through permitted mode.

(b) Newspapers wherein results normally published:

The results are normally published by the Company in the

newspapers (Business Standard/Financial Express) in English

version, circulating in the whole of India and in regional newspaper

(Nava Telangana).

(c) Website:

Financial Results, Annual Reports, Announcements, Investor

information, Policies etc., are displayed on the Company’s website:

https://www.zentechnologies.com/investors.

(d) Whether it also displays official news releases:

Official news releases/press releases are displayed on the

Company’s website: https://www.zentechnologies.com/press-

releases.

(e) Presentations made to institutions investors or to

the analysts:

The presentations made to the investors/analysts are placed on

the Company’s website at: https://www.zentechnologies.com/

calls-and-conferences.

77

STRATEGIC REVIEW | STATUTORY REPORTS | FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

38-107:

MANAGING DIRECTOR UNDER SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND

DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015

To

The Members of Zen Technologies Limited

I, Ashok Atluri, Chairman and: Managing Director of Zen Technologies Limited, declare that all Board Members and Senior Management

personnel have affirmed compliance with the Code of Conduct for Directors and Senior Management for the year ended 31 March 2023.

Place: Hyderabad

Date: 06 May 2023

Ashok Atluri

Managing Director

00056050

2

Mr. Kishore Dutt Atluri

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

+91 40 23813281

E-mail: cosec@zentechnologies.com/

info@zentechnologies.com

9.

Does the entity have a specified Committee of the Board/

Director responsible for decision making on sustainability

related issues? (Yes/No). If yes, provide details.

No

10. Details of Review of NGRBCs by the Company:

Subject for Review

Indicate whether review was undertaken

by Director/Committee of the Board/Any

other Committee

Frequency (Annually/Half yearly/Quarterly/

Any other – please specify)

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

Performance

against

above

policies and follow up action

The Policies adhere to relevant laws and National

Standards. The responsibility for implementing

the Policies rests with the respective functional

Heads, and they are subject to review by

the Management.

Periodically whenever required

Compliance

with

statutory

requirements of relevance to the

principles, and rectification of

any non-compliances

The Company complies with all

applicable regulations.

Periodically whenever required

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

11. Has the entity carried out independent assessment/evaluation of the working of its

policies by an external agency? (Yes/No). If yes, provide name of the agency.

Yes, Zen Technologies regularly conducts audits

and internal reviews of all policies and processes.

These assessments are performed periodically

by

the

Company

to

ensure

compliance,

effectiveness, and continuous improvement in

its operations.

12. If answer to question (1) above is “No” i.e., not all Principles are covered by a policy, reasons to be stated:

Questions

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

The entity does not consider the principles material to its

business (Yes/No)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

The entity is not at a stage where it is in a position to formulate

and implement the policies on specified principles (Yes/No)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

The entity does not have the financial or/human and technical

resources available for the task (Yes/No)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

It is planned to be done in the next financial year (Yes/No)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Any other reason (please specify)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

93

STRATEGIC REVIEW | STATUTORY REPORTS | FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

38-107:

Managing Director

DIN: 00056050

M. Ravi Kumar

Whole-Time Director

DIN: 00089921

Afzal Harunbhai Malkani

Chief Financial Officer

M. Raghavendra Prasad

Company Secretary

M.No.: A41798

Place: Hyderabad

Date: 06 May 2023

Place: Hyderabad

Date: 06 May 2023

118

ZEN TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23:

Managing Director

DIN: 00056050

M. Ravi Kumar

Whole-Time Director

DIN: 00089921

Afzal Harunbhai Malkani

Chief Financial Officer

M. Raghavendra Prasad

Company Secretary

M.No.: A41798

Place: Hyderabad

Date: 06 May 2023

Place: Hyderabad

Date: 06 May 2023

108-226

119

STRATEGIC REVIEW | STATUTORY REPORTS | FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23:

Managing Director

DIN: 00056050

M. Ravi Kumar

Whole-Time Director

DIN: 00089921

Afzal Harunbhai Malkani

Chief Financial Officer

M. Raghavendra Prasad

Company Secretary

M.No.: A41798

Place: Hyderabad

Date: 06 May 2023

Place: Hyderabad

Date: 06 May 2023

108-226

121

STRATEGIC REVIEW | STATUTORY REPORTS | FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23:

Managing Director

DIN: 00056050

M. Ravi Kumar

Whole-Time Director

DIN: 00089921

Afzal Harunbhai Malkani

Chief Financial Officer

M. Raghavendra Prasad

Company Secretary

M.No.: A41798

Place: Hyderabad

Date: 06 May 2023

Place: Hyderabad

Date: 06 May 2023

108-226

123

STRATEGIC REVIEW | STATUTORY REPORTS | FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23:

Letter of Credit, Pre and Post Shipment Credit, PSR and Corporate Card Limits.

(ii) Borrowings mentioned in (c) are secured by the hypothecation of respective vehicles for which loans are availed.

(iii) Borrowings mentioned in (d) is the financial liability component of CCDs issued during the previous year which is carried at interest rate

of 8.50% p.a. For further Details refer Note 48.

22. TRADE PAYABLES

(` In lakhs)

Particulars

31 March 2023

31 March 2022

Trade payables

- Dues to Micro and Small Enterprises

74.03

107.59

- Dues to creditors other than micro and small enterprises

291.03

224.47

365.06

332.06

Note: Trade payable are non interest bearing and normally settled in 30-45 days.

22A. Ageing Schedule of Trade Payables:

As at 31 March 2023

(` In lakhs)

Particulars

Outstanding for the following periods from the due date of payment

Not Due

<1 year

1-2 years

2-3 years

More than 3 years

Total

(i)

MSME

52.19

2.37

0.05

0.40

19.04

74.03

(ii) Others

169.76

74.80

12.01

1.33

33.13

291.03

(iii) Disputed dues - MSME

-

-

-

-

-

-

(iv) Disputed dues - Others

-

-

-

-

-

-

221.95

77.17

12.05

1.72

52.17

365.06

146

ZEN TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23:

Managing Director

Mr. Kishore Dutt Atluri

President & Joint: Managing

Managing Director

DIN: 00056050

M. Ravi Kumar

Whole-Time Director

DIN: 00089921

Afzal Harunbhai Malkani

Chief Financial Officer

M. Raghavendra Prasad

Company Secretary

M.No.: A41798

Place: Hyderabad

Date: 06 May 2023

Place: Hyderabad

Date: 06 May 2023

166

ZEN TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23:

Managing Director

DIN: 00056050

M. Ravi Kumar

Whole-Time Director

DIN: 00089921

Afzal Harunbhai Malkani

Chief Financial Officer

M. Raghavendra Prasad

Company Secretary

M.No.: A41798

Place: Hyderabad

Date: 06 May 2023

Place: Hyderabad

Date: 06 May 2023

Consolidated Balance Sheet

As at 31 March 2023

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

3

The accompanying notes form an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

108-226

175

STRATEGIC REVIEW | STATUTORY REPORTS | FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23:

Managing Director

DIN: 00056050

M. Ravi Kumar

Whole-Time Director

DIN: 00089921

Afzal Harunbhai Malkani

Chief Financial Officer

M. Raghavendra Prasad

Company Secretary

M.No.: A41798

Place: Hyderabad

Date: 06 May 2023

Place: Hyderabad

Date: 06 May 2023

176

ZEN TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23:

Managing Director

DIN: 00056050

M. Ravi Kumar

Whole-Time Director

DIN: 00089921

Afzal Harunbhai Malkani

Chief Financial Officer

M. Raghavendra Prasad

Company Secretary

M.No.: A41798

Place: Hyderabad

Date: 06 May 2023

Place: Hyderabad

Date: 06 May 2023

178

ZEN TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23:

Managing Director

DIN: 00056050

M. Ravi Kumar

Whole-Time Director

DIN: 00089921

Afzal Harunbhai Malkani

Chief Financial Officer

M. Raghavendra Prasad

Company Secretary

M.No.: A41798

Place: Hyderabad

Date: 06 May 2023

Place: Hyderabad

Date: 06 May 2023

180

ZEN TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23:

Letter of Credit, Pre and Post

Shipment Credit, PSR and Corporate Card Limits.

(ii) Borrowings mentioned in (c) are secured by the hypothecation

of respective vehicles for which loans are availed.

(ii) Borrowings mentioned in (e) is the financial liability component

of CCDs issued during the previous year which is carried at

interest rate of 8.50% p.a.For further Details refer Note 48.

Note: Trade payable are non interest bearing and normally settled in 30 - 45 days

22A. Ageing Schedule of Trade Payables:

As at 31 March 2023

(` In lakhs)

Particulars

Outstanding for the following periods from the due date of payment

Not Due

<1 year

1-2 years

2-3 years

More than 3 years

Total

(i) MSME

52.19

2.37

0.05

0.40

19.04

74.03

(ii) Others

176.34

375.34

13.27

1.33

33.13

599.41

(iii) Disputed dues - MSME

-

-

-

-

-

-

(iv) Disputed dues - Others

-

-

-

-

-

-

228.53

377.71

13.32

1.73

52.17

673.44

206

ZEN TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23:

Managing Director

Mr. Kishore Dutt Atluri

President & Joint: Managing

Managing Director

DIN: 00056050

M. Ravi Kumar

Whole-Time Director

DIN: 00089921

Afzal Harunbhai Malkani

Chief Financial Officer

M. Raghavendra Prasad

Company Secretary

M.No.: A41798

Place: Hyderabad

Date: 06 May 2023

Place: Hyderabad

Date: 06 May 2023

226

ZEN TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23:

