Managing Director

Our People

Succeeding together

p.10

Key Financial Parameters

BLS International

02

Our Global Presence

04

Our Business Model

06

Our Business Segments

08

Key Financial Parameters

10

Message from: Managing

Managing Director: Dear Shareholders,

The year 20-21 will remain etched in

human memory for the challenges

it posed. As the Covid-19 outbreak

wreaked havoc, lives as well as

livelihoods continued to be severely

affected. Economic activity slumped

and businesses across the globe

struggled to stay afloat.

Despite the hurdles posed by the

pandemic, our perseverance and

adaptability allowed us to sustain

healthy performances during the year.

We believe, “Tough times don’t last, but

tough people do”. Therefore, we are

focused on our strategic priorities to

capitalise on opportunities and adopt

new realities to thrive and excel in a

rapidly changing world. It gives me

great pleasure to share that we have

been recognised among Forbes Asia’s

list of ‘Best Under a Billion Company’

and have been featured among Fortune

India’s Next 500 companies.

Our inherent capacity to deliver

excellence and the determination to offer

superior services enables us to create a

distinct identity in the industry. Resting

on our robust business model, agile and

innovative solutions, we have emerged as

a prominent partner for governments and

citizens all over the world.

Travel restrictions on account of

the Covid-19 pandemic affected our

business during the first few months

of the year. However, business

recovered in the latter half of the year

when lockdowns around the world

continued to be lifted in phases. Amidst

challenges, BLS managed to generate

positive EBITDA and introduced new

methods to seamlessly execute projects

for a global clientele.

Financial performance

The company’s performance in

FY20-21 reflected the strength of its

agile business model and its ability to

relentlessly exceed expectations with

superior quality services. Our revenue

from operations stood at H 478 crore as

compared to H 786 crore in the previous

year. We recorded EBITDA* of H 40

crore and PAT of H 50 crore. We have

also successfully generated positive

cashflows throughout the year.

We have streamlined our operational

expenses to minimise the adverse

impacts on our financial performance.

BLS International remains a debt-free

Company while maintaining a strong

liquidity. Furthermore, our asset-light

business model and systematic approach

to improve revenues from diversified

verticals enabled us to optimise costs and

augured efficient capital utilisation.

Strategic Focus

With rapid transformations in the world

of business, strategic endeavours have

become a necessity to drive sustained

growth. At BLS, we are consistently

shoring up our capacities to emerge as a

tech-enabled service provider. We have

successfully grown the Government to

Citizen Services vertical over the last

year and our growing dependence on

advanced technology and sophisticated

methods have augured well for all our

key business verticals.

This year, we delivered around 300

government to citizen services in Punjab,

including ‘Sanjh’, which was specially

developed to cater to the needs of

Punjab police. Moreover, other services

like attestation of documents for people

travelling abroad have resulted in a

considerable improvement of our topline

and bottom-line revenues. Apart from

these primary services, we also undertook

a project for delivering insurance to

underprivileged people under the

government’s Ayushman Bharat scheme.

In a major achievement this year, we

won a contract for delivering citizen

“Tough times

don’t last, but

tough people do”.

Therefore, we are

focused on our

strategic priorities

to capitalise on

opportunities

and adopt new

realities to thrive

and excel in a

rapidly changing

world.

*EBITDA is excluding other income.

12

BLS INTERNATIONAL SERVICES LIMITED

Envisioning a Tech-Empowered Future

Managing Director

13

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21

CORPORATE OVERVIEW:

Dear Shareholders,

The year will go down as a remarkable

year in the history of BLS as we

continued to outperform in the midst

of a pandemic which is exceptional

if we compare with the industry

that’s grappling for survival. Despite

these turbulent times of Covid-19

outbreak, our resilience, dedication and

enthusiasm to deliver against all odds

have enabled us to sustain healthy

margins in the last fiscal. With growing

dependence on digital services, the

need for quick, efficient and real-time

services have skyrocketed. Taking a

cue from rapid developments around

us, BLS strives to develop and invest in

solutions that transcend expectations

and enhance customer experiences.

The digital revolution is gaining

momentum around the world. With

rapid technological shifts, consumer

demands continue to morph. However,

a majority of government services

offered to citizens are still semi-

automated, with limited penetration

of new technology. As a result, citizen

services need to be improved to

effortlessly undertake complicated

processes, minimize delivery time, and

enhance customer satisfaction.

With over 16 years of experience,

BLS offers tech-enabled citizen

services across the world. Leveraging

its strong digital platforms, trained

workforce and domain expertise, BLS

International has today emerged as

one of the forerunners in the domain

of visa, passport, consular, front-end

& citizen, attestation, biometric, and

retail services. With cutting-edge digital

infrastructure and the ability to handle

large and complex data sets, we have

expanded to serve more than 46 client

governments in over 66 countries via

12,000+ centres. We have also handled

over 52 million applications till date.

The digital revolution is gaining

momentum around the world. With

rapid technological shifts, consumer

demands continue to morph.

14

BLS INTERNATIONAL SERVICES LIMITED

Envisioning a Tech-Empowered Future:

Managing Director

With over 16 years of experience, BLS

offers tech-enabled citizen services

across the world. Leveraging its strong

digital platforms, trained workforce and

domain expertise, BLS International has

today emerged as one of the forerunners

in the domain of visa, passport, consular,

front-end & citizen, attestation,

biometric, and retail services.

FY21 started with stringent lockdowns

and huge restrictions on worldwide

travel, largely impacting our regular

course of operations. To counter the

cascading effect of the situation

and sustain business profitability, we

focused on diversifying our service

portfolio. We prioritized operational

process improvements and upgradation

of technological platforms to further

strengthen our services for a vast

clientele. And our continuous efforts to

streamline the costs in line with level

of operations made us stand strong

through the global pandemic.

Within a very short span of time, we

have become the preferred choice of

governments across the world. Even in

these tough times, governments across

the world have bestowed their faith on

us and have given us the responsibility

to carry out different types of citizen

services. In the last fiscal, we acquired

a tender from the Portugal government,

launched new fingerprinting services

for the Royal Canadian Mountain Police,

started visa applications for Thailand, and

won the tender for e-residency cards

from Estonia. Our consular and citizen

services verticals performed relatively

well over the course of the last year. As

a trusted player with profound industry

connections, we were also able to start

Covid testing units around the world.

In the domestic front, our G2C services

remained uninterrupted in Punjab and

Uttar Pradesh. Starfin business also

witnessed remarkable leaps in terms of

transactions and introduction of several

new services.

Our operational excellence can be

attributed to our strategic efforts to

maintain strong relations with various

governments and deliver exceptional

performance throughout the year. We

operate with an asset-light business

model that enables us to easily scale

our business with agility. We also

rationalized our operational costs and

rental expenses by reducing office

spaces and operating virtually. Amidst

difficulties, many governments granted

incentives to sustain our operational

efficiency in this fiscal year.

We reckon employees as one of our

key strengths. It is their talent, skillsets,

and steadfast commitment provide

outstanding service that drives us to

map new growth paths and accomplish

greater objectives. We provide

opportunities to improve the leadership

skills of our staff through online

seminars and mentorship programs

that are categorically identified to aid

the professional growth of our key

management.

We are optimistic about regaining the

traction in the visa services segment,

especially with rapid vaccination drives

around the world and the resumption of

travel to many countries. We also remain

confident about capitalizing on growing

opportunities in the citizen services

domain to deliver government services

seamlessly. We are a preferred partner

for various governments in domestic

and international market alike, owing

to our strong financial position, robust

15

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21

CORPORATE OVERVIEW:

Managing Director

Mr. Nikhil Gupta is a Chartered

Accountant with over 36 years of

experience in audit, consulting, finance

and leadership roles for both MNCs

and Indian conglomerates. Prior to

joining BLS, he served as the Managing

Director and CEO of a manufacturing

company for over a decade, where

he was instrumental in turning it

around and subsequently growing

it multifold to become an industry

leader. He has also been associated

with Pricewaterhouse Coopers,

Novartis India, Raychem RPG and

RPG Cables. He has travelled around

the world and brings an international

perspective to the Company. He holds

a degree in Economics (honours) from

Delhi University and is an associate

member of the Institute of Chartered

Accountants of India (merit list)

Mr. Shikhar Aggarwal

Joint: Managing Director

Mr. Shikhar Aggarwal has been

associated with the Company since

2014 and looks after various verticals

of the Company. A young, vibrant

and dynamic professional, he holds a

Bachelor’s degree from Delhi University.

In a short span of time, his proactive

strategies have helped take the

business to a new level.

Mr. Karan Aggarwal

Executive Director

Mr. Karan Aggarwal joined the board

of the Company in FY 2016- 17. His

decade-long experience spans across

diverse fields, including finance,

management, administration and

human resources. He has spearheaded

various organizations including

BLS Polymers, BLS Ecotech, BLS

International and was instrumental

in setting up three greenfield textile

projects for group companies of BLS.

He played a significant role in the

Punjab e-governance project. He is also

a keen golfer and a marathon runner. He

graduated in finance and management

from the University of Bradford and

completed a specialisation course in

finance from Harvard University.

Mr. Sarthak Behuria

Independent director

Mr. Sarthak Behuria has been

superannuated from the chairmanship

of Indian Oil Corporation, India’s largest

commercial enterprise. Prior to joining

Indian Oil, he was the

letter dated January 30, 2018. As per the terms

of contract, these Companies have to transfer

the fixed assets (hardware infrastructure) at the

net block (Procurement price less depreciation as

per provision of the Companies Act, 2013) of the

assets. The Company has accordingly handed over

the hardware infrastructure to the authority and

transferred these at the net block based on their

understanding of the master service agreement by

taking the life of these assets of 5 years and has

accounted profit on such transfer. The Company

has communicated the basis of arriving at the

net block to the authority which is pending final

acceptance by them.

Management View on Audit Qualification:

1.

The Company has physically transferred the fixed

assets to the Government of Punjab on termination

of the contract. These have been invoiced to the

Punjab Government at cost, as defined in the

contract, less depreciation provided over the

period of the contract This has been explained to

the Punjab Government and awaiting their final

approval.

b) Secretarial Auditors:

In terms of Section 204 of Companies Act, 2013

and Rules made thereunder, M/s. D.K. Chawla & Co.,

Practicing Company Secretaries, holding C.O.P No.

15232 and Membership No. 33095 were appointed

as Secretarial Auditors of the Company to conduct

Secretarial Audit for the Financial Year 2020-21.

The report given by the Secretarial Auditors in Form

MR-3 is annexed as Annexure – II. The Secretarial Audit

Report for the financial year ended 31st March 2021 is

self- explanatory and does not contain any qualifications,

reservations, adverse remark or disclaimer.

Pursuant to SEBI circular vide no. CIR/CFD/

CMD/1/27/2019 dated February 8, 2019, the Company

has submitted the Annual Secretarial Compliance

Report, issued by M/s. D.K. Chawla & Co. Practicing

Company Secretaries with the stock exchanges where

shares of the Company are listed.

C) Internal Auditors

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 138 of the

Companies Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder

(including

any

amendment(s),

modification(s)

or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in

force), the Board of Directors of the Company, on

recommendation of Audit Committee, at their meeting

held on November 03, 2020 have appointed M/s.

Nangia & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants, as Internal

Auditors of the Company for the Financial Year

2020-2021, to conduct Internal Audit of the Company.

13. PARTICULARS OF LOANS, GUARANTEE OR

INVESTMENT UNDER SECTION 186

The details of Loan, Investments and Guarantees covered

under the provisions of Section 186 of the Act are given

in the Notes to the Financials Statements forming part of

Annual Report.

14. ANNUAL RETURN

In compliance of section 134 (3) (a) and 92(3) of the

Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) Annual Return of

the Company as on March 31, 2021 in Form MGT-7 is

available on the website of the Company at https://www.

blsinternational.com/annual-report.php

15. AWARD & RECOGNITION

Over the years, we have received multiple awards for its

preformance, commitment and processes, Few of the

recent awards include 'Times 40 Under 40 Awards:

Managing Director, Mr. Shikhar

Aggarwal, JMD; ‘India’s Most Trusted Visa Outsourcing

Services Company’ for our excellence in visa process

outsourcing and allied services; and “Best Operational

Process in Visa Outsourcing” award at World Quality

Congress & Awards.

16. DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT

Pursuant to section 134(5) of the Companies Act 2013, the

Directors to the best of their knowledge and ability, hereby

confirm that:

(a) in the preparation of the annual accounts for the

financial year ended 31st March, 2021, the applicable

accounting standards had been followed along with

proper explanation relating to material departures;

(b) they have selected such accounting policies and

applied them consistently and made judgments and

estimates that are reasonable and prudent so as to

give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the

company at the end of the financial year and of the

profit and loss of the company for that period;

(c) the directors have taken proper and sufficient

care to the best of their knowledge and ability for

the maintenance of adequate accounting records

in accordance with the provisions of the Act for

safeguarding the assets of the Company and for

preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities;

(d) they have prepared the Accounts for the financial year

ended 31st March, 2021 on a ‘going concern basis’;

(e) they have laid down internal financial controls to be

followed by the Company and such Internal Financial

Controls are adequate and operating effectively.

(f) proper systems have been devised to ensure

compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws

and that such systems were adequate and operating

effectively.

17. DISCLOSURE

ON

COMPLIANCE

WITH

SECRETARIAL STANDARDS

The Company has devised proper system to ensure

compliance with the provisions of all applicable Secretarial

Standards issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries

of India and that such systems are adequate and operating

effectively.

18. DIRECTORS AND KEY MANAGERIAL PERSON

i.

Inductions, Re-appointments, Retirements &

Resignations

During the year under review, no change in Board

Composition

occurred.

However,

approval

of

shareholders was taken vide Thirty Sixth Annual

General Meeting held on 21st September 2020 to

re-appoint the Independent Directors of the Company

viz. Mr. Ram Prakash Bajpai and Ms. Shivani Mishra for

second term of 3 (three) and 5 (five) years respectively.

Mr. Karan Aggarwal, Executive Director of the Company

was re-appointed for further period of three years by

the shareholders vide Thirty Sixth Annual General

Meeting held on 21st September 2020

Further, during the year under review, Mr. Dharak

Mehta was appointed as Company Secretary and

Compliance Officer of the Company with effect from

19th September 2020.

Except above, there was no other change in the

Director/ Key Managerial Personnel.

ii.

Declaration by Independent Directors

The Board is of the opinion that the Independent

Directors

of

the

Company

possess

requisite

qualifications, experience and expertise and hold

highest standards of integrity. All Independent

Directors of the Company have given declarations that

they meet the criteria of independence as provided

in Section 149(6) of Companies Act, 2013 and also

Regulation 16(I)(b) of SEBI Listing Regulations.

None of aforesaid Directors are disqualified under

Section 164(2) of the Companies Act, 2013. Further,

they are not debarred from holding the office of

Director pursuant to any order of SEBI or any other

authority.

The Company issues a formal: letter of appointment

to the Independent

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

Joint: Managing

letter.

1.

Maintenance of Secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an

opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

I have followed the audit practices and process as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of

the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that the correct facts are reflected in

secretarial records. I believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4.

The Compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of

management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedure on test basis.

5.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness

with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For D.K. Chawla & Co.

(Company Secretaries)

(CS Dasvinder Kaur)

Proprietor

M. No.: 33095

Place:Delhi

COP: 15232

Date: 14th May, 2021

UDIN: A033095C000295016:

Managing Director

8:1

5

Mr. Shikhar Aggarwal

Joint: Managing

managing director or whole-time director or manager and holds by himself or along with his spouse and dependent children,

not less than two percent of the equity shares of the company:

Managing Director)

1

1

Annual report on Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) activities

(Pursuant to the provisions of Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility)

Rules, 2014)

1. A brief outline of the Company's CSR policy, including overview of projects or programs proposed

to be undertaken and a reference to the web-link to the CSR Policy and projects or programs.

A. Policy Objectives:

BLS International Services Limited (BLS) is committed to the BLS Group’s ‘Good & Green’ vision of creating a more inclusive

and greener India. We never lose sight of our responsibility to the environment and society. Our commitments towards

Corporate Social Responsibility include but not limited to, promotion of education and healthcare, energy and climate

change, and betterment of the society through respect for universal human rights and the environment, acting with

integrity and accountability and operating responsibly and sustainably.

B. Scope of CSR Activities:

The Company would have freedom and flexibility to choose from any of the activities specified in Schedule VII of the

Companies Act, 2013, as amended from time to time. Thus, with any change in the statutory provisions governing the

activities, the policy shall be deemed to include / exclude such activities as permissible under law.

The list and implementation modalities may be modified from time to time, as per the recommendations of the CSR

Committee.

The Company has framed a CSR Policy in compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the same

is placed on the Company’s website and the web-link for the same is https://www.blsinternational.com/assets/pdfs/

corporate-social-responsibility-policy.pdf

C. CSR activates are carried out through:

a)

Contribution/donation made to such organization/Institutions as may be permitted under the applicable laws from

time to time

b)

Collaboration with other Companies/agencies undertaking projects/programs in CSR activities

c)

Directly by the Company for fulfilling its responsibilities towards various stakeholders.

2. Composition of CSR Committee:

3.

The web link of CSR policy is https://www.blsinternational.com/assets/pdfs/corporate-social-responsibility-policy.pdf

The web link for Composition of CSR Committee is https://www.blsinternational.com/composition-of-board-committees.php

4.

Provide the details of Impact assessment of CSR projects carried out in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 8 of the Companies

(Corporate Social responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, if applicable (attach the report).: Not applicable:

Managing Director

b)

Details of the BR Head

No.

Particulars

Details

1.

DIN Number (if

applicable)

06975729

2.

Name

Shikhar Aggarwal

3.

Designation

Joint: Managing

Managing Director

regarding affirmation of compliance with the Code of

Conduct is attached as “Annexure-A”.

2. BOARD OF DIRECTORS

(a) (i) Composition

The details of composition and category of the

Board of Directors of the Company as on March

31, 2021 is given below:

Name and Designation

Category

(i.e. Promoter,

Executive,

Non-Executive,

Independent

Non-Executive,

Nominee

Director)

Number of Board

Meetings of the

Company

*Number

of other

Boards in

which he

/ she is a

Director or

Chairperson

**Number of

other Board

Committee(s)

in which he

/ she is a

Member or

Chairperson

Attendance

at the last

AGM (held

on 21st

September

2020)

Held

during

the year

Attended

during

the year

Mr. Nikhil Gupta,: Managing

Managing Director)

-

-

2

Mr. Shikhar Aggarwal (Joint: Managing

letter

of appointment is given to him/her, which inter alia

explains the role, function, duties and responsibilities

expected from him/her as a Director of the Company.

The Director is also explained in detail the Compliance

required from him/her under Companies Act, 2013,

LODR and other various statutes and an affirmation

is obtained. The: Managing

Managing Director

Mr. Ram Prakash Bajpai, an Independent Non-

Executive Director is the Chairman of the Committee.

The Company Secretary of the Company acts as the

Secretary of the Committee.

During the financial year 2020-21, 1 (one) meeting of

CSR Committee was held on:

S.

No.

Date of Corporate Social Responsibility

Committee Meeting(s)

1

02.02.2021:

Managing Director

2

Mr. Shikhar Aggarwal

Joint: Managing Director

3

Mr. Karan Aggarwal

Executive Director

Mr. Nikhil Gupta, Managing Director is the

Managing Director

Mr. Shikhar Aggarwal

Joint: Managing

Managing Director of the Company.

3. Increase in remuneration of Mr. Shikhar

Aggarwal, Joint: Managing

Managing Director

and that the Internal Auditor reports directly to the

Audit Committee.

(f) Web link where policy for determining ‘material’

subsidiaries is disclosed and policy for dealing

related party transactions.

Policy for dealing related party transactions can be

accessed at: https://www.blsinternational.com/bls-

policies.php

(g) Disclosure

of

compliance

with

Corporate

Governance Requirements

THE DISCLOSURES OF THE COMPLIANCE WITH

CORPORATE

GOVERNANCE

REQUIREMENTS

SPECIFIED IN REGULATION 17 TO 27 AND

REGULATION 46(2):

The Company has duly complied with the requirements

specified in Regulation 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of

sub-regulation (2) of Regulation 46 of LODR.

(h) Disclosure of accounting treatment

Accounting has been done in accordance with

applicable accounting standards (IND AS). There has

been no change in accounting policies of the company

during the year from the last financial year.

(i) BLS International Services Limited - Unclaimed

Suspense

Account

(“Unclaimed

Suspense

Account”)

Disclosure with respect to demat suspense A/c /

unclaimed suspense A/c : Not Applicable

(j) Details of the Directors Seeking Appointment/

Re-appointment:

Mr. Nikhil Gupta,: Managing

Managing Director

Date: 15.06.2021

(DIN: 06975729):

Managing Director

Date: June 15, 2021

(DIN: 06975729)

CEO/CFO CERTIFICATE

Certified that as on and up to 31st March, 2021 we hereby confirm that:

A.

We have reviewed Financial Statements and the cash flows statement for the year and that to the best of our knowledge and

belief:

1)

these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements that

might be misleading;

2)

these statements together present a true and fair view of listed entity’s affair and are in compliance with existing accounting

standard, applicable laws and regulations.

B.

There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by listed entity during the year which are

fraudulent, illegal or violative of the listed entity’s code of conduct.

C.

We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that we have evaluated

the effectiveness of internal control systems of the listed entity pertaining to financial reporting and we have disclosed to the

auditors and the audit committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls, if any, of which we are aware

and the steps we have taken or propose to take the rectify these deficiencies.

D.

We have indicated to the Auditors and the Audit Committee

1)

significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the quarter, if any.

2)

significant changes in accounting policies during the quarter and that the same have been disclosed in the notes to the

financial statements, if any; and

3)

instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of the management or

an employee having a significant role in the listed entity’s internal control system over financial reporting, if any.

For BLS International Services Limited

Place: New Delhi

Amit Sudhakar

Nikhil Gupta

Date : June 15, 2021

Chief Financial Officer: Managing

Managing Director: Managing

Managing Director: Managing

Managing Director: Managing

Managing Director: Managing

Managing Director

Mr. Nikhil Gupta: Managing

Managing Director: Managing

letter dated January 30, 2018. As per the terms

of contract, these Companies have to transfer the fixed assets

(hardware infrastructure) at the net block value (Procurement

price less depreciation as per provision of the Act) of the

fixed assets. The above mentioned three subsidiaries have

accordingly handed over the hardware infrastructure to the

authority and transferred these at the net block based on their

Independent Auditor’s Report

understanding of the master service agreement by taking the

life of these assets of 5 years and have accounted profit on

such transfer. The above mentioned three subsidiaries have

communicated the basis of computing net block of the assets

to the authority which is pending for final acceptance by them.

Pending final acceptance/ confirmation of the sale price of

fixed assets by the Authority, we cannot comment upon the

correctness of the amount receivable from the Authority.

The matter stated above were also subject matter of

qualification in our audit opinion on the consolidated financial

statements for the year ended March 31, 2019 and March 31,

2020.

We conducted our audit of the consolidated financial

statements in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs)

specified under section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities

under those Standards are further described in the Auditor’s

Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial

Statements section of our report. We are independent of the

Company in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by

the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) together

with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of

the consolidated financial statements under the provisions

of the Act and the Rules made thereunder, and we have

fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with

these requirements and the ICAI’s Code of Ethics. We believe

that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and

appropriate to provide a basis for our qualified audit opinion on

the Consolidated financial statements.

Emphasis of Matter

Without qualifying, we draw attention to

i.

Note 54 to the Consolidated financial statements wherein

the Group has considered internal and external information

upto the date of this report in respect of the current and

estimated future global economic indicators consequent

to the global health pandemic. Our opinion is not modified

in respect of this matter.

ii.

In earlier years, the Punjab Government has terminated

the master service agreement entered with three Indian

Subsidiaries namely BEServPL, BESoIPL and BITPL vide

its: letter dated January 30, 2018, which was only the

source of the revenue of these Companies. However, the

management is making efforts to secure further contracts/

business in these subsidiaries and is able to achieve

success in respect of one subsidiary (Le, BEServPL) and is

of the view that going concern assumption is not affected.

We have relied upon the management's contention.

iii.

The trade receivables of three Indian Subsidiaries namely

BEServPL, BESoIPL and BITPL from Punjab Government

aggregating to H 6,755.69 lakhs (Including amount for

Managing Director: Managing

Managing Director: Managing

Managing Director: Managing

Managing Director: Managing

Managing Director

Mr. Nikhil Gupta: Managing

letter dated January 30, 2018. This contract was the only source of revenue for the group. However,

management is making efforts to secure other contracts/business in the group and of the view that going concern assumption

is not affected. Accordingly these financial Statements have been prepared on a going concern basis.

The amount receivable by three Indian subsidiaries from Government of Punjab aggregating to H 6,755.69 (including

reimbursement of diesel and electricity expense) as on March 31, 2021 for which recovery is slow. However, the management

is confident that there is no impairment in the value of the amount to be recovered.

48 The Punjab State E-Governance Society (“Punjab Government or the authority or PSEG’s”) has terminated master service

agreement with three Indian subsidiaries (i.e, BLS E-Services Private limited, BLS E-Solutions Private Limited and BLS IT-

Services Private limited) vide its: letter dated January 30, 2018. As per the terms of contract, these Indian subsidiaries have to

transfer the fixed assets (hardware infrastructure) at the net block (Procurement price less depreciation as per provision of the

Companies Act 2013) of the assets. The companies have accordingly handed over major part of the hardware infrastructure to

the authority and transferred these at the net block based on their understanding of the master service agreement by taking

the life of fixed assets of 5 years and has accounted profit of H 3,382.80 on such transfer. The companies have communicated

the basis of arriving at the net block to the authority which is pending final acceptance by them.

49 THE MICRO, SMALL AND MEDIUM ENTERPRISES DEVELOPMENT (MSMED) ACT, 2006

Based on the information available, there are certain vendors who have confirmed that they are covered under the Micro,

Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006. Disclosures as required by section 22 of ‘The Micro, Small and Medium

Enterprises Development Act, 2006, are given below:

Managing Director: Managing

Managing Director

Membership number: 500607

Place : New Delhi

(Amit Sudhakar)

Nikhil Gupta

Date : 15th June 2021

Chief Financial Officer: Managing

letter dated

January 30,2018. As per the terms of contract, these Companies have

to transfer the fixed assets (hardware infrastructure) at the net block

(Procurement price less depreciation as per provision of the Companies

Act, 2013) of the assets. The Company has accordingly handed over the

hardware infrastructure to the authority and transferred these at the net

block based on their understanding of the master service agreement by

taking the life of these assets of 5 years and has accounted profit on

such transfer. The company has communicated the basis of arriving

at the net block to the authority which is pending final acceptance by

them

The company has physically transferred the fixed

assets to the Government of Punjab on termination of

the contract. These have been invoiced to the Punjab

Government at cost, as defined in the contract, less

depreciation provided over the period of the contract

This has been explained to the Punjab Government and

awaiting their final approval

For S S Kothari Mehta & Company

Chartered Accountants

Firm’s registration number: 000756N

Amit Goel

Ram Prakash Bajpai

Shikhar Aggarwal

Partner

Audit Committee Chairperson

Jt: Managing

Managing Director of the

Company, whose office shall be liable to retire by rotation

and to pay the minimum remuneration, as detailed below,

for another term of 3 (three) consecutive years with effect

from June 17, 2021:

REMUNERATION

PAYABLE

TO

MR.

SHIKHAR

AGGARWAL

1.

Fixed salary of H 96,00,000/- (Rupees Ninety Six Lakhs

only) per annum including all perquisites and;

2.

Commission upto 3% on net profits, subject to not

exceeding H 1 crore per annum, computed as per

provision of the Section 198 of the Companies Act, 2013.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT upon recommendation by

Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board of

Directors may alter and vary the terms and conditions of

said appointment and/or the agreement in such manner as

may be agreed to between the Company and Mr. Shikhar

Aggarwal (DIN 06975729) within and in accordance with

and subject to the limits prescribed in Schedule V of

the said Act or any amendment(s) and/or any statutory

modification(s) thereto.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT notwithstanding anything

hereinabove stated, where, in any financial year during

the currency of the term of Mr. Shikhar Aggarwal as the

Jt.: Managing

letter providing the email address, mobile number

and self-attested PAN copy along with client master copy

(in case of electronic folio)/copy of share certificate (in

case of physical folio) via email to beetalrta@gmail.com for

obtaining the Annual Report and Notice of AGM.

23. Instructions for remote e-voting and joining the AGM are

as follows:

a)

Voting through electronic means:

In compliance with provisions of Section 108 of the

Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 20 of the Companies

(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, the

Company is pleased to provide members facility to

exercise their right to vote at the Annual General Meeting

by electronic means and the business may be transacted

through e-Voting Services provided by Central Depository

Securities (India) Limited (CDSL).

Book Closure: Dividend on Equity Shares as recommended

by the Board of Directors for the Financial Year 2020-21,

if approved at the meeting, will be paid within 30 days

from the date of the declaration to those eligible members

whose names appear :

1.

As Beneficial owners, as on September 18, 2021 as

per the list to be furnished by National Securities

Depository Ltd. (NSDL) and Central Depository

Services (India) Ltd. (CDSL) in respect of shares held

in Dematerialized form, and

2.

As Members in the Register of Members of the

Company in respect of shares held in Physical Form,

after giving effect to all valid share transfers in physical

form lodged with the Company or its RTA on or before

September 18, 2021.

3.

Members holding shares in electronic form are hereby

informed that bank particulars registered with their

respective Depository Participants (DP), with whom

they maintain their demat accounts, will be used by

the Company for payment of dividend.

4.

Members holding shares in physical / electronic form

are required to submit their bank account details, if not

already registered, as mandated by SEBI.:

letter etc. together

with attested specimen signature of the duly

authorized signatory who are authorized to

vote, to the Scrutinizer and to the Company

at the email address viz; ankit@indiacp.

com,

compliance@blsinternational.net,

if

they have voted from individual tab & not

uploaded same in the CDSL e-voting system

for the scrutinizer to verify the same.:

MANAGING DIRECTOR:

a)

Background details: Mr. Shikhar Aggarwal, 30 years,

has done graduation from Delhi University.

b)

Past remuneration: Mr. Shikhar Aggarwal served as

Jt.: Managing

Managing Director of Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd. Mr.

Behuria has been conferred with Honorary Fellowship of Energy

Institute, UK. He has also served the erstwhile Oil Coordination

Committee of Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas, Govt. of

India. He has vast experience in the business management and

administration of Companies.

Mr. Behuria has given a declaration to the Board that he meets

the criteria of independence as provided in Section 149(6) of

the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 16 of the SEBI Listing

Regulations. In terms of proviso to sub-section (5) of Section 152,

the Board of Directors is of the opinion that Mr. Behuria fulfils

the conditions specified in the Act for his re-appointment as an

Independent Director. The Company has also received from the

above director:- (i) the consent in writing to act as Director, (ii)

intimation that he is not disqualified under section 164(2) of the

Companies Act, 2013, and (iii) a declaration to the effect that he

is not debarred from holding the office of Director pursuant to any

Order issued by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI).

A copy of draft: letter for the re-appointment of the above

