Dear Shareholders,

It has been a year with an unparallel difficulties on a global scale which

we all have witnessed and survived, but some of the difficulties still

continue to affect us.

The year 2020 began with the lockdown and suddenly it was a whole

new world, unprecedented and ambiguous. Overnight, the adaptability

and the resilience of organizations and humans was tested. We

witnessed great acceleration of phenomena like extensive ‘work from

home’, virtual meetings, speedy adoption of digitization, innovative

technology and content and character of customer demand.

These have now become the new normal and I believe that there is

no certainty anymore. Expecting the unexpected and reacting to it with

agility will be what we all need to be ready for.

Lockdowns changing to gradual unlocks by the Governments is a ray

of hope in 2021 and with the vaccines, the World may possibly reach

end game of the COVID-19 Pandemic or ultimately accept it as a

permanent part of life and learn to live with it.

The Pandemic is estimated to have contracted the economy of India

by 8% for FY 2020-21 and growth for next financial year (FY2021-22)

is estimated to be between 9% and 11%.

Despite a Volatile, Uncertain, Complex and an Ambiguous environment,

income from operations for the financial year ended March 31, 2021,

stood at ` 3,27,970 lakhs. Your Company posted a profit after tax

on a standalone basis of ` 9,631 lakhs for the financial year ended

March 31, 2021. Your Company carried over 1,853.16 lakh domestic

shipments and over 7.52 lakh international shipments weighing more

than 7,18,548 tonnes during the financial year ended March 31, 2021.

As logistics came to a halt overnight, your Company understood the

urgency for its express logistics services and made this performance

possible. Using our market differentiator, our six Boeing 757-200

freighters, Blue Dart ensured that the essential supply chain, both

domestically as well as internationally (Guangzhou, Shanghai, Hong

Kong, Dhaka, Yangon and Hanoi), remained undisrupted by supporting

the Government’s ‘Lifeline Udan’ initiative. Your Company played an

integral role in transporting PPE, testing kits, reagents, enzymes,

medical equipment (ventilators), N95 respirators and surgical masks,

gloves and other items requisitioned by the National and State

Governments, research authorities, health authorities etc.

In line with your Company’s philosophy on customer centricity, initiatives

such as the Fight COVID-19 Price (FC19-P), delivering medicines to

Non-Residential Indians (NRIs) away from family, ‘the Contact Less

Delivery’ service as well as the ramp up of the Temperature Controlled

Logistics (TCL) Solutions, were actioned keeping the customer at the

centre of our business. The ESS – ‘Emergency Situation Surcharge’

enabled us to cover the increasing cost of operating during the

Pandemic.

To boost the morale during challenging times, your Company launched

several internal initiatives to appreciate Blue Darters with its ‘People

First’ policy, including rewarding all Blue Darters with a special bonus

for the outstanding work ethics practised during the lockdown. ‘Diversity

and Equality’ continues to remain a focus within the organization and

initiatives towards women empowerment.

Your Company derives its leadership through its market-leading

technology, striving to make systems and processes user-friendly and

efficient to drive results. Blue Dart ensured that all collections went

100% digital during the Pandemic. Blue Dart continues to lead digital

transformation with analytics, automation, business intelligence, smart

dashboards, API Solutions, auto-route applications, deployment of

parcel lockers, electrical vehicles and investments in high-standard

technology including the mobile application - ‘My Blue Dart’, the

internal Knowledge, Engagement & Learning System – Blue Connect

as well as pioneering the ‘Contact Less Delivery’ service.

To increase brand visibility, your Company launched the Blue Dart

TVC Ad Campaign in record time across India’s leading channels as

well as on social media. Our slogan ‘We Move So Your World Can

Move | If Its Important, #BlueDartIT’, encapsulate the essence of

Blue Dart’s premium services. Three advertisements were made to

amplify the capabilities of Temperature Controlled Logistics, Secure/

Critical Shipments as well as e-commerce packages. The campaign

ran across India’s leading television channels and was appreciated

by customers.

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT | ANNUAL REPORT 2020-2021

8: CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT

Managing Director was also recognised as a ‘Great People Manager’

by ‘The Great Manager Institute’ and Forbes.

I would like to take this opportunity to welcome Mr. Florian Ulrich

Bumberger, Chief Human Resource Officer, Chief of Staff &

Programs, DHL eCommerce Solutions and Mr. Sebastian Paeßens,

Chief Financial Officer, DHL eCommerce Solutions as an ‘Additional

Directors’ on the Blue Dart Board of Directors.

Going forward in 2021, your Company will continue to practice what

has worked well in the past and focus on agility and adaptability to

continue to remain a ‘Provider of Choice’, an ‘Employer of Choice’ and

an ‘Investment of Choice’.

On behalf of the Board of Directors of the Company, I would like to

take this opportunity to thank our customers, shareholders and Blue

Darters for their continued commitment and support.

It gives me great pleasure to share with you the Annual Report of your

Company for the year ended March 31, 2021.

I thank you, the shareholders, for your kind support and I thank the

Board and all Blue Darters for their hard work and commitment to this

great organisation.

Warm regards,

Mumbai

Sharad Upasani

June 15, 2021

Chairman

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT | ANNUAL REPORT 2020-2021

9:

Managing Director.

5.

Does the Company have a specified committee of the Board/

Director/Official to oversee the implementation of the policy?

The Board has constituted the BRR Committee

comprising of Mr. Sharad Upasani, Mr. Narendra Sarda

and Ms. Tulsi Nowlakha Mirchandaney.

6.

Indicate the link for the policy to be viewed online

Copies will be made available on receipt of written

request from the shareholders.

7.

Has the policy been formally communicated to all relevant

internal and external stakeholders?

The policies have been formally communicated to

internal and external stakeholders.

8.

Does the Company have in-house structure to implement the

policy/policies?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

9.

Does the Company have a grievance redressal mechanism

to address stakeholders’ grievance related to the policy/

policies?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

10.

Has the Company carried out independent audit/ evaluation

of working of this policy by an internal or external agency?

It will be done in due course.

QUESTION

REFERENCE SECTION

GRI

3. Governance related to BR

Indicate the frequency with which the Board of Directors, Committee of the Board

or CEO to assess the BR performance of the Company. (Within 3 months, 3-6

months, annually, more than 1 year?)

Annually

GRI 102-31 and

102-52

Does the Company publish a BR or a Sustainability Report? What is the hyperlink

for viewing this report? How frequently it is published?

The Company has been publishing

information on its sustainability efforts

as part of its annual report on a

voluntary basis.

SECTION E: PRINCIPLE - WISE PERFORMANCE

QUESTION

REFERENCE SECTION

Principle 1: Ethics, Transparency and Accountability

1. Does the policy relating to ethics, bribery and corruption cover only the Company?

Yes/No. Does it extend to the Group/Joint-Ventures/Suppliers/Contractors/NGOS/

Others?

Refer ‘Building a Responsible Business - Ethics and

Corporate Governance’ section of 'BRR'.

2. How many stakeholders’ complaints have been received in the past financial

year and what percentage was satisfactorily resolved by the management? If so

provide details thereof, in about 50 words or so.

20

BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORT:

letter as well as in spirit.

At Blue Dart, the aspects of human rights are embedded in the Company’s HR code of conduct, policy on prevention, prohibition and redressal of

sexual harassment of women at workplace, risk management policy and whistle blower policy. The whistle-blower policy of the Company provides

a procedural framework to handle concerns and grievances of employees, customers, vendors and/or third-party intermediaries. The HR code of

conduct covers aspects of a safe and healthy work environment and no discrimination. Being an equal opportunity workplace, Blue Dart ensures

that the rights of women employees of the Company are not compromised by putting clear guidelines and grievance mechanism in place. In this

regard, the Company has formulated a policy on ‘Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal of Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace’ with the

objective of protection against sexual harassment of women and providing a safe working environment to them.

The Company has laid down a ‘Code of Conduct’ for the Board members and senior management team of the Company. The Company has also

laid down a ‘Code of Conduct’ for its employees. The ‘Code of Conduct’ is a comprehensive document that articulates the Company’s expectations

from its people to reflect on the ethics and values of the organisation and resultantly earn the goodwill of its customers and enhance its reputation.

The Company has also laid down a ‘Vendor Code of Conduct’ for all its vendors.

Principle 1

Principle 2

Principle 3

Businesses should conduct and govern

themselves with Ethics, Transparency and

Accountability

Businesses should provide goods and services

that are safe and contribute to sustainability

throughout their life cycle

Businesses should promote the wellbeing of all

employees

Principle 4

Principle 5

Principle 6

Businesses should respect the interests of,

and be responsive towards all stakeholders,

especially those who are disadvantaged,

vulnerable and marginalised

Businesses should respect and promote

human rights

Businesses should respect, protect, and make

efforts to restore the environment

Principle 7

Principle 8

Principle 9

Businesses, when engaged in influencing

public and regulatory policy, should do so in a

responsible manner

Businesses should support inclusive growth

and equitable development

Businesses should engage with and provide

value to their customers and consumers in a

responsible manner

24

BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORT:

Managing Director's review who within 7 working days communicates his decision to the

Corporate HR & RH for implementation.

In view of the above, Blue Dart does not have an employee association that is recognized by the management.

COVID-19 – PANDEMIC MANAGEMENT AT BLUE DART

The COVID-19 pandemic affected the entire globe leaving a devastating impact on India, the second most populated country in the world. As the

nation’s trade facilitator Blue Dart played an important role to ensure that an uninterrupted supply of essential products was delivered across the

country. Blue Dart follows a ‘People First’ philosophy and always puts its customers, employees and its stakeholders at the forefront of its business.

To ensure the safety and wellbeing of all its employees especially its frontline staff and those working from home Blue Dart initiated, adopted and

encouraged various precautionary measures. COVID-19 safety orientation training was conducted across all offices and centres, routine checks

on ensuring mask are used, maintaining social distancing, temperature checks and availability of sanitization at all offices.

In order to break the chain and maintain a congenial work environment, employees were required to submit a fitness certificate once returned

from leaves or any ailment. Employees were asked to fill Self-Declaration Form (SDF) with details of the well-being of the employee, their families

and their neighborhood. Blue Connect (Internal LMS) regularly uploaded information on COVID-19 safety assessment. In scenarios where an

employee reporting to work was tested positive, an external agency was appointed for complete sanitization and fumigation of the location.

28

BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORT:

Managing Director, was recognized in the list

of India's Top 100 Great People Managers by ‘The Great Manager’

Institute and Forbes India.

Mr. Aneel Gambhir, CFO, was recognized as one of India’s most

distinguished F&A Leaders and featured in ‘The CFO Power List

2020’ by the CORE Media Group. He also won Top 100 CFO Role of

Honour Award organized by CFO India, under ‘Digital Transformation’

Category. Mr. Gambhir was also part of the ICAI jury member for

selecting winners of the “Excellence in Financial Reporting for the year

2019-20”.

Mr. Ketan Kulkarni, CMO and Head – Business Development,

participated in a number of jury opportunities and panel discussions; a

few of the most notable of which were the India Marketing Awards, the

Construction World Magazine Awards, as well as the prestigious Pitch

Marketing 30 under 30 Awards.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL

Directors

During the year, Mr. Kenneth Allen tendered his resignation as a

Director with effect from January 11, 2021. The Board of Directors

(“Board”) accepted his resignation and placed on record their sincere

appreciation and thanks for his valuable contribution.

Mr. Florian Ulrich Bumberger was appointed as an Additional Director

of the Company with effect from February 24, 2021. Mr. Florian Ulrich

Bumberger, aged 42 years, is currently the divisional CHRO, Chief of

Staff & Programs of DHL eCommerce Solutions and member of the

DPDHL Group HR Board. Furthermore, he is responsible for divisional

strategic initiatives and programs, M&A and Compliance. He holds a

Diploma in the Business Administration and is a Certified Institutional

Investment Analyst (CIIA). Mr. Florian commenced his career as an

Investor Relations professional with numerous awards viz; Institutional

Investor & Thomson Extel IR Survey. Thereafter, he transitioned into

strategic, business development and financial positions.

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | DIRECTORS’ REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2020-2021

DIRECTORS’ REPORT:

Managing Director, DHL Express India and a member of the

DHL Express Asia Pacific Management Board.

On recommendation of Nomination & Remuneration Committee, the

Board of Directors of the Company in its Board Meeting held on May

5, 2021 approved re-appointment of Air Marshal M. McMahon (Retd.),

as an Independent Director of the Company for a further period of

three years with effect from February 10, 2022 till February 09, 2025,

subject to approval by members of the Company. Air Marshal M.

McMahon (Retd.) has been appointed as the Independent Director

of the Company with effect from February 10, 2017. Air Marshal M.

McMahon (Retd.) aged 76 years, possess wide experience in the

Aviation Industry. He was commissioned as a fighter pilot and served

in the IAF for 42 years. On graduating, he stood first in Flying. He

underwent the T - 33 / F- 86 Advanced Gunnery Course in the USA

and was awarded certificates for standing first in Low Level Strafe and

Low Angle Bombing. He was an A2 Qualified Flying Instructor and was

winner of Chief's of Air Staff trophy for standing first in flying during the

QFI course. His important staff appointments were Director, Air Staff

Requirements, Asst. Chief of Air Staff (Operations), Inspector General

of the IAF and Vice Chief of Air Staff. Air Marshal M. McMahon (Retd.)

is recipient of the Param Vishist Seva Medal, Ati Vishist Seva Medal

and Vishist Seva Medal.

On recommendation of Nomination & Remuneration Committee, the

Board of Directors of the Company in its Board Meeting held on May 5,

2021 approved re-appointment of Ms. Kavita Nair, as an Independent

Director of the Company for a further period of five years with effect

from September 26, 2021 till September 25, 2026, subject to approval

by members of the Company. Ms. Kavita Nair has been appointed as

Independent Director of the Company with effect from March 26, 2019.

An award winning and dynamic leader, Kavita Nair, aged 48 years,

has been successful in managing a wide range of leadership roles.

She has spent majority of her working years with Vodafone Idea. Her

career spanned for over 22 years here where she held leadership roles

in diverse functions across both consumer and enterprise domains.

In her last assignment, Kavita was Chief Digital Transformation and

Brand Officer of Vodafone Idea Limited, India’s leading telecom

service provider.

The resolutions seeking approval of shareholders for re-appointment of

Air Marshal M. McMahon (Retd.) and Ms. Kavita Nair are incorporated

in the Notice of forthcoming Annual General Meeting along with their

brief resume.

The Company has received necessary declaration from each

Independent Director under Section 149(7) of the Act and Regulation 25

of SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015, that they meet requisite criteria of independence as laid down

under Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16 of SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as

amended. There has been no change in the circumstances affecting

their status as independent directors of the Company.

The Independent Directors have also confirmed that they have

registered themselves on Independent Directors data bank maintained

by the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs at Manesar (Haryana), in

accordance with the requirements of law.

The Board of Directors, based on declaration(s) received from

the Independent Directors, have verified the veracity of such

disclosures and confirm that, Independent Directors fulfil conditions

of ‘independence’ stipulated under SEBI Listing Regulations and

the Act and are independent of the Management of the Company.

In the opinion of the Board, Independent Directors proposed to be

re-appointed, possess attributes of integrity, expertise and experience

as required under applicable laws, rules and regulations.

Key Managerial Personnel (KMP)

Mr. Balfour Manuel,: Managing Director, Mr. Aneel Gambhir, Chief

Financial Officer and Mr. Tushar Gunderia, Head (Legal & Compliance)

& Company Secretary, are KMPs as prescribed under the applicable

laws.

NUMBER OF BOARD MEETINGS

The Board met 6 (six) times during the financial year ended March 31,

2021. The details of Board Meetings and attendance of Directors are

provided in the Corporate Governance Report being part of the Annual

Report.

AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee comprises of three non-executive directors,

Mr. Sharad Upasani, Mr. Narendra Sarda and Mr. R.S. Subramanian.

The

Managing Director and Mr. Aneel Gambhir, CFO

are permanent invitees to the Committee.

The details of Nomination & Remuneration Committee meetings and

attendance of committee members are provided in the Corporate

Governance Report, which forms a part of the Annual Report.

Nomination & Remuneration Policy

Pursuant to provisions of Section 178 of the Act, the Board has, on

recommendation of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee,

formulated a “Policy on Directors’ Appointment and Remuneration”

including criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes,

independence of a Director and other matters provided under Section

178(3) of the Act. The Nomination and Remuneration Policy has been

incorporated in the Corporate Governance Report, which forms a part

of the Annual Report.

RISK MANAGEMENT

Your Company has a well-defined risk management framework and

policy in place. The risk management framework works at various

levels across the enterprise. Risk Management is an integral and

important component of corporate governance and your Company

believes that a robust risk management ensures adequate controls

and monitoring mechanisms for a smooth and efficient running of the

business. A risk-aware organization is better equipped to maximize the

shareholders’ value.

Your Company has formulated the Risk Management Policy which

provides an overview of the principles of risk management, explains

an approach adopted by the Company towards risk management

and mitigation, defines the organizational structure for effective risk

management, develops a “risk” culture which encourages employees

to identify risks and associated opportunities and respond to them

with an effective action, identify, assess, manage and mitigate existing

and new risks in a planned and co-ordinated manner with minimum

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | DIRECTORS’ REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2020-2021

DIRECTORS’ REPORT:

letter and

spirit’ and adherence to an ethical standards for effective management

and distribution of wealth and discharge of social responsibility for

sustainable development of all stakeholders.

Corporate governance reflects the principles embedded in its values,

policies and day-to-day business practices, leading to sustainable,

value-driven growth of the Company. Your Company maintains the

highest standards of corporate governance and disclosure practices

and is committed to transparency in all its dealings.

A section on corporate governance along with a certificate from the

Auditors confirming compliance of conditions of corporate governance

as stipulated under the Listing Regulations is annexed and forms part

of the Directors’ Report.

A detailed review of operations, performance and future outlook of the

Company and its business is given under the ‘Management Discussion

and Analysis’ Report which forms an integral part of this Report and is

set out as a separate section to this Report.

BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORT (BRR)

As stipulated in Listing Regulations, the Business Responsibility

Report, describing initiatives undertaken by the Company from

environmental, social and governance (ESG) perspective, is attached

and forms part of this Report.

Your Company endeavours to achieve the highest levels of

transparency, accountability, integrity and responsibility, thereby

continuing to focus on good governance practices, in line with local

and global standards. As an effective reflection of the same and

adhering to the SEBI Circular dated 25th March, 2021, your Company

has taken voluntary initiative to make material ESG related disclosures

which forms part of this Report.

CEO/CFO CERTIFICATION

In accordance with the Regulation 17 of the Listing Regulations

pertaining to corporate governance norms, Mr. Balfour Manuel,: Managing

Managing Director nor Whole-time Directors of the

Company received any remuneration or commission from any of

its subsidiaries.

4. No significant or material orders were passed by the regulators or

courts or tribunals which impacted the going concern status and

Company’s operations in future.

5. As on March 31, 2021, there is no associate company or joint

venture company within the meaning of Section 2(6) of the Act.

6. No material fraud has been reported by the auditors to the Audit

Committee or the Board.

7. There was no change in the nature of business.

8. There is no proceeding pending under the Insolvency and

Bankruptcy Code, 2016.

9. There was no instance of a one-time settlement with any Bank or

Financial Institution.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

Your Directors wish to place on record their sincere appreciation to all

employees for their hard work, dedication, commitment and efforts put

in by them for achieving encouraging results under difficult conditions

during this unprecedented year. The success of Blue Dart is directly

linked to hard work and commitment of our employees who worked

round-the-clock to ensure the ‘business continuity’ and exceptional

service quality offerings for our Customers.

The Board wishes to express their sincere appreciation and thanks

to all customers, suppliers, banks, financial institutions, solicitors,

advisors, Government of India, concerned State Governments and

other authorities for their consistent support and co-operation extended

to the Company during the year.

We are also deeply grateful to our shareholders for the confidence and

faith that they have always placed on us.

The Directors mourn the loss of lives due to COVID-19 pandemic and

have immense gratitude and respect for every person who risked their

lives and safety to fight this pandemic and protect the society at large.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors,

Sharad Upasani

Balfour Manuel

Chairman: Managing

Managing Director

DIN: 01739334

DIN:08416666

Aneel Gambhir

Tushar Gunderia

Chief Financial Officer

Head (Legal & Compliance) &

Company Secretary

Mumbai

May 05, 2021

` In Lakhs

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | ANNEXURES TO DIRECTORS’ REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2020-2021:

Managing Director

3

3

3.

Ms. Tulsi N. Mirchandaney

Member, Non-Independent &

Non-Executive Director

3

3

3. Provide the web-link where Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by the board are disclosed on

the website of the company:

Composition of the CSR committee: https://www.nseprimeir.com/z_BlueDart/files/Corporate_Social_Responsibility_Committee.pdf

CSR Policy: https://www.nseprimeir.com/z_BlueDart/files/Bluedart_CSR_Policy.pdf

CSR Projects: https://www.nseprimeir.com/z_BlueDart/files/Annual_Action_Plan_CSR.pptx

4. Provide the details of Impact assessment of CSR projects carried out in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 8 of the Companies

(Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, if applicable (attach the report):

NA

5. Details of the amount available for set off in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 7 of the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility

Policy) Rules, 2014 and amount required for set off for the financial year, if any:

NA

6. Average net profit of the company as per section 135(5) of the Act:

` 9,764 Lakhs

7. (a) Two percent of average net profit of the company as per section 135(5):

` 196 Lakhs

(b) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years:

NIL

(c) Amount required to be set off for the financial year, if any:

NA

(d) Total CSR obligation for the financial year (7a+7b- 7c).

` 196 Lakhs

(e) Actual amount spent towards CSR:

` 202 Lakhs

8. (a) CSR amount spent or unspent for the financial year:

Total Amount Spent

for the Financial

Year. (in `)

Amount Unspent (in `)

Total Amount transferred to Unspent CSR

Account as per section 135(6).

Amount transferred to any fund specified under

Schedule VII as per second proviso to section 135(5)

Amount

Date of transfer

Name of the Fund

Amount

Date of transfer

2,02,35,131

Nil

-

-

Nil

-

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | ANNEXURES TO DIRECTORS’ REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2020-2021:

Managing Director

DIN: 01739334

DIN:08416666

Mumbai

May 05, 2021

ANNEXURES TO DIRECTORS’ REPORT

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | ANNEXURES TO DIRECTORS’ REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2020-2021:

Managing Director

96.6

47.4*

Mr. Sharad Upasani

Chairman

12.8

NA

Mr. Kenneth Allen1

Director

0.0

NA

Ms. Tulsi N. Mirchandaney

Director

0.0

NA

Mr. Narendra Sarda

Director

11.6

NA

Air Marshal M. McMahon (Retd.)

Director

9.4

NA

Ms. Kavita Nair

Director

8.7

NA

Mr. R.S. Subramanian

Director

0.0

NA

Mr. Florian Bumberger2

Additional Director

0.0

NA

Mr. Sebastian Paeßens3

Additional Director

0.0

NA

Mr. Aneel Gambhir

Chief Financial Officer

72.9

31.1%*

Mr. Tushar Gunderia

Head (Legal & Compliance) &

Company Secretary

43.1

30.4%*

* Includes performance linked Incentive of prior period

1. Mr. Kenneth Allen, Director resigned as a Director with effect from January 11, 2021.

2. Mr. Florian Bumberger was appointed as Additional Director of the Company with effect from February 24, 2021

3. Mr. Sebastian Paeßens was appointed as Additional Director of the Company with effect from February 24, 2021

Notes:

1. The number of permanent employees as on March 31, 2021 was 12,095.

2. Compared to the previous financial year 2019-20, the figures for the current financial year 2020-21 reflects that:

(i) Gross Turnover has grown by 4% and PBT for 2020-21 is ` 13,105 Lakhs against loss of ` 4,720 Lakhs for 2019-20.

(ii) Median remuneration of all employees have increased by 3.42% and average remuneration of all employees have increased by 4.01%

respectively.

(iii) Average remuneration of employees excluding Key Managerial Personnel has increased by 3.79%.

(iv) Remuneration of Key Managerial Personnel has increased by 24.27%.

3. No employee's remuneration for the year 2020-21 exceeded the remuneration of any of whole-time directors.

4. The remuneration of the directors, key managerial personnel and other employees is in accordance with the remuneration policy of the

Company provided under the section 'Report on Corporate Governance' which forms part of the Report and Accounts.

5. The Market capitalization of the Company has increased from ` 5,200 crores as of March 31, 2020 to ` 13,228 crores as of March 31, 2021.

The Company’s stock price as at March 31, 2021 has increased by ` 7333% to ` 5,575 over the last public offering, i.e. initial public offer in

September 1994 at the price of ` 150 per share after adjusting the bonus share issued in the ratio of 1:1 in the year 2002.

ANNEXURES TO DIRECTORS’ REPORT

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | ANNEXURES TO DIRECTORS’ REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2020-2021:

letter and spirit’.

The Company is in compliance with requirements of Regulations

17 to 27 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015

as amended from time to time, (“Listing Regulations”) as

applicable, pertaining to provisions of corporate governance

norms. The Company has disseminated information on its

website as stipulated under clauses (b) to (i) of the Regulation

46(2) of the Listing Regulations. The Company is in compliance

with the disclosures required to be made under this report in

accordance with regulation 34(3) read together with Schedule V

of the Listing Regulations.

2.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The size and composition of the Board conforms to the

requirements of corporate governance norms as stipulated

under provisions of the Listing Regulations. As on March 31,

2021, the Company has 9 (nine) Directors, of which 1 (one)

director is an executive director and 8 (eight) directors are non-

executive directors, including 2 (two) women directors.

As per Regulation 17 of the Listing Regulations, the Board is

required to have at least 1/3rd of the members of the Board as

independent directors if Chairman is a non-executive director.

Accordingly, the Company’s present Board comprises of

Mr. Sharad Upasani, Mr. Narendra Sarda, Air Marshal M.

McMahon (Retd.) and Ms. Kavita Nair who are independent

directors on Board of the Company.

During the year, Mr. Kenneth Allen, tendered his resignation as a

director with effect from January 11, 2021. The Board accepted

his resignation and sincerely appreciated and thanked him for

his valuable contribution.

Appointment of Mr. Florian Ulrich Bumberger as an

additional director

•

Mr. Florian Ulrich Bumberger was appointed as an additional

director of the Company with effect from February 24, 2021.

Mr. Florian Ulrich Bumberger, aged 42 years, is currently

the divisional CHRO, Chief of Staff & Programs of DHL

eCommerce Solutions and member of the DPDHL Group

HR Board. Furthermore, he is responsible for divisional

strategic initiatives and programs, M&A and Compliance.

He holds a Diploma in the Business Administration and is a

Certified Institutional Investment Analyst (CIIA). Mr. Florian

commenced his career as an Investor Relations professional

with numerous awards viz; Institutional Investor & Thomson

Extel IR Survey. Thereafter, he transitioned into strategic,

business development and financial positions.

•

Mr. Florian led numerous strategic programs such as

greenfield market entries, cost optimization programs,

working capital management initiatives in a Euro 16 billion

turnover 2,00,000 employees division and several M&A

transactions. Mr. Florian had a leading role in the carve-

out and creation of a new business division, within DPDHL

Group, including necessary ‘change management’ and

communication initiatives.

Appointment of Mr. Sebastian Paeßens as an additional

director

•

Mr. Sebastian Paeßens was appointed as an additional

director of the Company with effect from February 24, 2021.

Mr. Sebastian Paeßens, aged 47 years, is CFO of DHL

eCommerce Solutions, a business division of Germany

based at Deutsche Post DHL Group. Mr.Sebastian Paeßens

commenced his professional career as Management

Consultant for Finance and Controlling related projects.

•

Mr. Sebastian joined Deutsche Post DHL Group in 2008

and held various management positions in the DHL Express

division, the German Post and Parcel division and in the

Corporate Controlling department. In October 2017, he

assumed the role of CFO DHL eCommerce. In October

2018, Mr. Sebastian Paeßens was appointed CFO DHL

eCommerce and DHL Parcel Europe, before moving on to

his current role in January 2019. He is member of Deutsche

Post DHL Group’s Finance Board.

•

Mr. Sebastian holds a Master of Science degree in Business

Administration and Mechanical Engineering.

Retirement by Rotation

•

In accordance with the provisions of Companies Act, 2013

(“Act”) and Articles of Association of the Company, Mr. R.S.

Subramanian, director (DIN 02946608), retires by rotation

at the ensuing Annual General Meeting and being eligible,

offers himself for re-appointment.

•

He is a graduate in Industrial Engineering and has a Masters

in Management from IIM – Bangalore. He is Gold Certified

in ‘First Choice’ which is Deutsche Post DHL’s internal

quality program based on Six-Sigma DMAIC methodology.

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2020-2021

REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE:

Managing Director, DHL Express India, a member of the

DHL Express Asia Pacific Management Board. With over

30 years of experience in the product-led as well as service

industry, Mr. Subramanian has extensive knowledge across

areas of business strategy, marketing, team development

and customer management.

•

Mr. Subramanian joined DHL Express India as Head of

Sales, subsequently moving up to the position of Vice

President for South Asia Cluster (RoSA) wherein he was

managing DHL Express operations in Pakistan, Bangladesh,

Sri Lanka, Nepal, Maldives and Bhutan. He was instrumental

in restructuring and developing DHL operations in these

markets. Mr. Subramanian assumed the role of Managing

Director, DHL Express India in 2010. Its India business grew

manifold to a leadership position in the last decade with

investments in best-in-class infrastructure, state of the art

technology and strong people processes. Mr. Subramanian

is member of the Management Committee of Express

Industry Council of India (EICI) and Indo-German Chamber

of Commerce (IGCC) and is also a member on the Governing

body of Logistics Sector Skill Council (LSC) under Ministry

of Skill Development and promoted by CII. Mr. Subramanian

and any of other Directors of the Company do not have any

inter-se relationship.

All key decisions are taken only after detailed deliberations

and discussions by the Board. The Board possesses adequate

experience, expertise and skills necessary to manage affairs of

the Company in the most efficient manner. The Board acts with

autonomy and independence in the strategic decision-making

process and discharges its fiduciary duties.

DHL nominee Directors hold a firm belief that DHL’s best

interests are aligned with the continued growth and success of

the Company.

As regards appointment and tenure of the independent directors,

following Policy is adopted by the Board:

•

The Company has adopted provisions with respect to

appointment and tenure of independent directors which are

consistent with the Act.

•

In accordance with the Act, independent directors can be

appointed for two terms of maximum period of 5 (five) years

each.

•

The Company would not have any upper age limit on

retirement of independent directors from the Board and their

appointment and tenure would be governed by the provisions

of the Act.

The Company has in place the ‘Directors & Officers’ Liability

Insurance (D&O) pursuant to requirements of the applicable

laws.

Pursuant to Regulation 27(2) of the Securities and Exchange

Board of India (“SEBI”) Listing Regulations, the Company also

submits a quarterly compliance report on corporate governance

to the stock exchanges, including details on all material

transactions with related parties, within 15 (fifteen) days from the

close of every quarter.

Board Independence

The definition of ‘Independence’ of Directors is derived from

Regulation 16 of the Listing Regulations and Section 149(6)

of the Act, as amended. Based on confirmation / disclosures

received from Directors and on evaluation of relationships

disclosed, Mr. Sharad Upasani, Chairman, Mr. Narendra Sarda,

Air Marshal M. McMahon (Retd.) and Ms. Kavita Nair, Directors

are ‘Independent’ in terms of provisions of Regulation 16 of the

Listing Regulations and Section 149(6) of the Act.

Pursuant to Ministry of Corporate Affairs notification dated

October 22, 2019, independent directors successfully registered

their names in the databank maintained by the Indian Institute of

Corporate Affairs at Manesar (Haryana), in accordance with the

requirements of applicable law. The registration of independent

directors has been renewed for a further period of 5 (five) years.

The Company has issued letters of appointment to independent

directors in the manner as provided under the Act. The terms and

conditions of the said appointment are posted on website of the

Company.

Board Procedure

The Board is presented with all relevant information on vital

matters which may impact functioning of the Company as well

as those which require deliberations at the highest level. It is

ensured that information, as required under Regulation 17(7)

and Part A of Schedule II of the Listing Regulations is made

available to the Board to enable them to discharge their functions

effectively.

Meetings, Agenda and proceedings of the Board Meeting

The Board met 6 (six) times during the year and maximum interval

between any two meetings did not exceed 120 (one hundred and

twenty) days. The yearly calendar of meetings is finalized at the

beginning of the year. Additional meetings are held as and when

necessary. The meetings of the Board are generally held at the

Company’s registered office situated in Mumbai. During the

last year the meetings were held through Video Conferencing

(“VC”)/ Other Audio-Visual Means (“OAVM”). The notice of

Board Meeting and Board Agenda with detailed enclosures are

sent in advance to all Directors.

The Directors are also given the option of attending the Board

meeting through video conferencing. Agenda documents

containing all requisite information are made available to the

Board/committee members in advance to enable them to

discharge their responsibilities effectively and take informed

decisions. A considerable time is spent by the directors on

deliberations at the Board/ committee meetings. At Board

and committee meetings, concerned functional heads and

representatives who can provide an additional insight in respect

of agenda items are invited for the meetings.

The information as specified in Schedule II to the Listing

Regulations is regularly made available to the Board, whenever

applicable, for discussions and consideration. During the year

under review, 6 (six) Board meetings were held on May 26, 2020,

July 31, 2020, September 26, 2020, October 29, 2020, January

28, 2021 and March 23, 2021.

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2020-2021

REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE:

Managing Director, Mr. Aneel Gambhir, CFO, the

statutory auditors and internal auditor are permanent invitees

to the Audit Committee meetings.

The Chairman of the Audit Committee, Mr. Sharad Upasani,

was present at the last Annual General Meeting of the Company

held on July 31, 2020 through Video Conferencing (“VC”)/

Other Audio-Visual Means (“OAVM”).

The scope, terms of reference, role and responsibilities of

the Audit Committee are in accordance with the provisions of

Regulation 18 of the Listing Regulations and Section 177 of the

Act.

The directorships held by directors as mentioned above, includes directorships of private limited companies and companies registered under

Section 8 of the Act, but do not include directorships in foreign companies. The committee membership and chairpersonship includes membership

of Audit Committee and the Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee of Indian public companies. None of the directors have any inter-se relationship

and do not hold any shares in the Company.

The Company’s Board comprises of qualified members who bring in required skills, competence and expertise which allow them to make effective

contribution to the Board and its committees. The Board members are committed to ensure that the Company is in compliance with the law and

the highest standards of corporate governance.

The below table summarizes the list of core skills/ expertise/ competencies identified by the Board of Directors for effectively conducting the

business of the Company:

Sr.

No.

Name of Director

Designation

Core skills /expertise/ competencies available with the Board

1

Mr. Sharad Upasani

Chairman

Board Governance, Corporate Law, Legal, Arbitration,

2

Mr. Balfour Manuel: Managing

Managing Director and Mr. Aneel Gambhir,

CFO, are permanent invitees to the Nomination & Remuneration

Committee. Mr. Tushar Gunderia, Company Secretary, acts as

Secretary to the Nomination & Remuneration Committee.

The Chairman of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee,

Mr. Narendra Sarda, was present at the last Annual General

Meeting of the Company held on July 31, 2020 through VC /

OAVM.

During the year under review, 3 (three) Nomination &

Remuneration Committee meetings were held on May 26,

2020, September 26, 2020 and March 23, 2021. The details of

attendance of each member at the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee meetings held during the year ended March 31, 2021

are as under:

Name of Director

Designation

No. of Meetings

Held

Attended

Mr. Narendra Sarda

Chairman

3

3

Mr. Sharad Upasani

Member

3

3

Ms. Kavita Nair

Member

3

3

Mr. Florian Ulrich

Bumberger *

Member

NA

NA

* Mr. Florian Ulrich Bumberger was inducted as a member

w.e.f. March 23, 2021

The executive director is paid remuneration in terms of a

resolution passed by the members at the annual general

meetings. The Nomination & Remuneration Committee ensures

transparent nomination process for Directors with diversity of

thought, experience, knowledge, perspective and gender in the

Board.

The terms of reference of ‘Nomination & Remuneration

Committee’ inter-alia includes the following:

1. Formulation of criteria for determining qualifications, positive

attributes and independence of a director and recommend

to the Board a Policy, relating to the remuneration of the

directors, key managerial personnel and other employees;

2. Formulation of criteria for evaluation of independent

directors and the Board;

3. Devising a ‘Policy on diversity’ of the Board;

4. Identifying persons who are qualified to become directors

and who may be appointed in senior management roles in

accordance with the criteria laid down and recommend to

the Board their appointment and removal;

5. Whether to extend or continue the term of appointment

of the independent director, on the basis of the report of

performance evaluation of independent directors;

6. Recommend to the Board all remuneration payable to the

key managerial personnel and senior management.

Details of Independent Directors:

• Mr. Sharad Upasani, aged 82 years, holds a Masters in

Commerce and an LLB from Mumbai University, besides

a MBA from USA. He is now providing consultancy on

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2020-2021

REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE:

managing director, if in

any financial year, the Company does not earn any profit or

earns inadequate profit as contemplated under the provisions

of Schedule V of the Act, unless otherwise approved by such

statutory authority, if any as may be required by the applicable

law, remuneration shall be paid as per the conditions and

monetary ceiling prescribed in Schedule V to the Act or any

re-enactment thereof. Severance term which has been agreed

between the Company and: managing director is 6 (six) months’

notice or payment of 6 (six) months’ salary in lieu thereof.

In the last Annual General Meeting held on July 31, 2020, the

Company had obtained requisite approval from the shareholders

for proposed remuneration of the managing director for the

period April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2021. In view of payment of

incentive of 105%, the Company proposes to seek approval

of shareholders by ‘special resolution’ at the ensuing Annual

General Meeting to be held on July 30, 2021 for an additional

incentive payment of 5% to the managing director as per the

requirements under Section 197 and other applicable provisions,

if any, of the Act read with Schedule V to the Act and the rules

made thereunder.

The Company does not have any ‘stock options’ scheme.

5.

POLICY FOR SELECTION AND APPOINTMENT OF

DIRECTORS AND THEIR REMUNERATION

The Company has formulated the Nomination and Remuneration

Policy pursuant to requirements of the Act and the Listing

Regulations and the same is amended from time to time in

accordance with the requirements of law. The criterion for

selection, appointment and remuneration of

Managing Director shall be entitled to stock options, as

applicable.

The fees or compensation payable to executive directors who

are promoters or members of the promoter group, shall be

subject to approval of the shareholders by special resolution in

general meeting, if (i) the annual remuneration payable to such

executive director exceeds Rupees 5 (five) crore or 2.5% (two

point five per cent) of the net profits of the Company, whichever

is higher; or (ii) where there is more than one such director, the

aggregate annual remuneration to such directors exceeds 5 per

cent of the net profits of the Company, provided that the approval

of the shareholders under this provision shall be valid only till the

expiry of the term of such director.

Criteria for selection of Non-Executive Directors:

For a person to be appointed as a Non-Executive Director

(“Candidate”), he/she should fulfill/meet the following criteria:

(a) The Candidate should have been allotted a director’s

identification number;

(b) The number of companies in which such Candidate may

be holding office as a director or a chairman or committee

member should not exceed the limit stipulated by the Act

and the Listing Regulations;

(c) The Candidate should not be disqualified/debarred to act/

appoint as a director pursuant to the provisions of the Act

and the Listing Regulations;

(d) The Candidate should not be holding office as a director or

any other office in a competing firm/entity;

(e) The Candidate should possess requisite qualification and

experience as may be decided by the Board; and

(f) As per Listing Regulations, the Company shall appoint

a person or continue the directorship of any person as a

non-executive director who has attained the age of seventy-

five years after passing a special resolution to that effect,

in which case the explanatory statement annexed to the

notice of General Meeting for such motion shall indicate the

justification for appointing such a person.

Remuneration of Non-Executive Directors

The Nomination & Remuneration Committee is required to

recommend remuneration of Non-executive directors (excluding

sitting fees) to the Board for its approval. It will be also subject to

approval of the shareholders of the Company.

The terms of the remuneration of the Non-executive directors

shall be as under:

(a) An incentive payment based on achievement of profitability

levels for the year ended, upto such amount, as may be

decided by the Board and the shareholders, from time to

time.

(b) Sitting fees of such amounts as may be determined from

time to time and upto such amount, as may be decided by

the Board and the shareholders, if required.

(c) Increment for each year will be determined by the committee

based on the performance evaluation report and which will

be subject to approval of the Board and the shareholders.

(d) The non-executive directors are currently not entitled to any

stock options.

Criteria for selection of Independent Directors:

For a person to be appointed as an Independent Director

(“Candidate”), he/she should fulfill/meet the following criteria:

(a) If Candidate is already an independent director, then

his tenure and term will be as per the Act and Listing

Regulations;

(b) The Candidate should have been allotted a director’s

identification number;

(c) The number of companies in which such Candidate may be

holding office as an independent director or a chairman or

committee member should not exceed the limit stipulated by

the Act and the Listing Regulations;

(d) The Candidate should not be disqualified/debarred to act/

appoint as a director pursuant to the provisions of the Act

and the Listing Regulations;

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2020-2021

REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE:

managing director, chief

financial officer and company secretary to the Board for its

approval.

(b) Increment for each year will be determined by the Committee

based on performance evaluation report. Such increment

will be subject to approval of the Board.

(c) The key managerial personnel would be entitled to stock

options, if applicable.

Remuneration of Employees:

(a) The Nomination and Remuneration Committee is required

to determine remuneration of employees of the Company,

other than the whole time key managerial personnel.

(b) Increment for each year will be determined by the Committee

based on the performance evaluation.

(c) The employees would be entitled to stock options, if

applicable.

6.

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR) COMMITTEE

The Company constituted the CSR Committee on February

5, 2014 and has reconstituted the same from time to time

Mr. Sharad Upasani is Chairman of the Committee and

Mr. Balfour Manuel,: Managing Director and Ms. Tulsi N.

Mr. Tushar Gunderia, Company Secretary, acts as Secretary

to the CSR Committee. Mr. Aneel Gambhir, CFO, is permanent

invitee to the CSR Committee.

The role of CSR Committee is as under:

(a) Formulating and recommending to the Board, CSR Policy

and the activities to be undertaken by the Company.

(b) Recommending amount of expenditure to be incurred on

activities undertaken.

(c) Implementation and execution of CSR initiatives/ activities.

(d) Reviewing performance of the Company in the areas of

CSR.

(e) Monitoring CSR Policy from time to time.

During the year under review, 3 (three) CSR Committee meetings

were held on May 26, 2020, October 29, 2020 and on January

28, 2021. The details of attendance of each member at the CSR

Committee meetings held during the year ended March 31, 2021

are as under:

Name of Director

Designation

No. of Meetings

Held

Attended

Mr. Sharad Upasani

managing director, non-executive directors, non-

independent directors and management team. The meetings

were attended by all independent directors and it was convened

to enable independent directors to discuss matters including

matters pertaining to Company affairs, performance of non-

independent directors and Board as whole, board committees,

chairperson, also assessed the quality, quantity and timeliness

of flow of information between the Company management and

the Board which is necessary for the Board to effectively and

reasonably perform their duties pursuant to requirements of the

Act and the Listing Regulations and put forth their views to the

Board.

The details of attendance of each Member at the independent

directors’ meetings held during the year ended March 31, 2021

are as under:

Name of Director

Designation

No. of Meetings

Held

Attended

Mr. Sharad Upasani

Member

2

2

Mr. Narendra Sarda

Member

2

2

Air Marshal M.

McMahon (Retd.)

Member

2

2

Ms. Kavita Nair

Member

2

2

11. FAMILIARISATION PROGRAMME FOR INDEPENDENT

DIRECTORS

Pursuant to requirements of Regulation 25 of the Listing

Regulations, the Company has a familiarisation program

for independent directors with regard to their role, rights,

responsibilities in the Company, nature of the industry in which

the Company operates, business model of the Company etc.

The Board members are provided with all necessary documents/

reports and internal policies to familiarise independent directors

with the Company’s procedures and practices. Periodic

presentations are made at the Board and Board constituted

committee meetings pertaining to business and performance

updates of the Company, global business environment, business

strategies and risks involved.

Directors attend training programs / conference on relevant

subject matters and keep themselves abreast of the latest

corporate, regulatory and industry developments. The details of

training program attended has been posted on website of the

Company i.e. www.bluedart.com. The weblink of familiarization

programme

is

https://www.nseprimeir.com/z_BlueDart/files/

FamiliarisationProgramme.pdf

12. BOARD AND COMMITTEES EVALUATION

Pursuant to provisions of the Act and Regulation 17 and

Schedule II of Listing Regulations, the Board would carry out

an Annual Performance Evaluation of its own performance, the

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2020-2021

REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE:

managing director (DIN: 08416666) for the

period from May 16, 2019 to March 31, 2020.

•

Approval for revision in remuneration of Mr. Balfour

Manuel,: managing director (DIN: 08416666) for the

period from April 01, 2020 to March 31, 2021.

•

Approval for continuance of appointment of

Mr. Narendra Sarda (DIN: 03480129) as a non-

executive independent director on his attaining the age

of 75 years.

16. SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES

The Concorde Air Logistics Ltd and Blue Dart Aviation Limited

are ‘Wholly Owned Subsidiaries’ of the Company and Blue Dart

Aviation Limited is ‘material subsidiary’ under provisions of law.

As a good corporate governance practice and as stipulated

under the Listing Regulations, Mr. Sharad Upasani, independent

director of the Company has been appointed as

Managing Director confirming compliance

to the ‘Blue Dart Code of Conduct’ has been attached to this

Report.

Pursuant to the requirements of Securities and Exchange Board

of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015, as

amended, the Company has adopted the ‘Blue Dart Code of

Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading’ in the Equity Shares

of the Company. Mr. Tushar Gunderia, the Company Secretary,

acts as ‘Compliance Officer’ for administration of the Code in

consultation with the Company’s Stakeholders Relationship

Committee. This ‘Code of Conduct’ is applicable to all Directors,

designated employees of the Company and third parties such as

Auditors, Consultants etc. who are expected to have access to

unpublished price-sensitive information relating to the Company.

The Company also has PAN based online tracking mechanism

for monitoring of the trades in the Company’s securities by any

of the “designated employees” and their relatives to ensure real

time detection and appropriate action, in case of any violation /

non-compliance of the Company’s Insider Trading Code.

20. AUDITOR’S CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

As required by the provisions of Schedule V of the Listing

Regulations, the Auditor’s Certificate on corporate governance

is given as an Annexure to the Directors’ Report.

21. CERTIFICATE BY THE COMPANY SECRETARY IN PRACTICE

Mr. Nilesh Shah of M/s. Nilesh Shah & Associates, Practicing

Company Secretary, has issued a certificate as required under

the Listing Regulations, confirming that none of the Directors on

Board of the Company were debarred or disqualified from being

appointed or continuing as Directors of companies by the SEBI /

Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such statutory authority.

22. CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER (“CEO”) AND CHIEF

FINANCIAL OFFICER (“CFO”) CERTIFICATION

As required by Regulation 17(8) of the Listing Regulations,

the CEO and CFO certification on Financial Statements, Cash

Flow Statement and Internal Control Systems for the financial

reporting for the year ended March 31, 2021 has been obtained

from Mr. Balfour Manuel,: Managing

Managing Director,

Blue Dart Express Limited:

Managing Director, 871 Blue Darters joined the True Blue Club on

completion of 5 years of service.

OTHER PROGRAMMES

Upstairs

A GoTeach initiative by Blue Dart that promotes equal education

opportunity and offers a Scholarship programme for the children of

Blue Darters. Through the Upstairs programme, Blue Dart supports

selected children with a scholarship for three years.

Subsidized Tuition Education Plan (STEP)

This developmental policy enables employees to acquire higher

qualification skills to enhance career prospects/ personal

development/ improve effectiveness on the current assignment.

This is a developmental initiative by Blue Dart.

Blue Dart’s Reimbursement of Accident Claims & Expenses

(BRACE)

This is a wellness initiative that aims at providing timely relief

including reimbursement of medical expenses.

Death Benevolent Fund (DBF)

This is an employee welfare initiative at Blue Dart where the

immediate family of a deceased Blue Dart employee receives

monetary help from employees, as payroll giving.

Appreciation Week

During the Appreciation Week celebration, employees express

their gratitude by exchanging 'Thank You' mailers with each other.

In 2020-21, the celebration was done virtually with many online

activities. The theme was based on the 4 values of the DPDHL

Group: Passion, Can Do, Right 1st Time and As One. A Thank You

pop-up card was also sent to the employees at their homes for

acknowledging their contribution to the Company, in the midst of

the pandemic.

Diversity Interventions

During the Diversity Week celebration, virtual activities were

conducted to uphold the culture of diversity at Blue Dart.

Some of the major interventions that we have undertaken for

enhancing diversity within Blue Dart are as below:

-

Each One Refer One: An Employee Referral policy

communication has been sent out, focusing on rewarding

referrals of women candidates for open positions at Blue Dart

-

We also launched the all women service centre at Kharghar,

Navi Mumbai branch of the West 1 region on International

Women’s Day . We have 16 female employees, ranging from

the manager to security.This is the first of many more to come in:

Managing Director, Blue Dart Aviation to address

participants. We had also invited a lady Police Inspector to

address the participants as well.

-

For every open position, during the recruitment stage, we

emphasize looking for female candidates first. We have also

included hiring female candidates as an HR MBO that is

monitored regularly.

-

We have constituted a cross-functional team of regional

diversity champions across India, including female and male

colleagues, who drive diversity initiatives with HR support.

-

We have also been working on enhancing the washroom

facilities for women at all Blue Dart facilities. This is to give

women a better working environment at Blue Dart.

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT

The statement forming part of this Report may contain certain

forward-looking remarks with the meaning of applicable

Securities Law and Regulations. Many factors could cause

the actual results, performances, or achievements of the

company to be materially different from any future results,

performances, or achievements. Significant factors that

could make a difference to the Company’s operations include

domestic and international economic conditions, changes in

government regulations, tax regime and other statutes.:

Managing Director and Aneel Gambhir, Chief Financial Officer of Blue Dart Express Limited, to the best of our knowledge

and belief certify that:

A.

We have reviewed financial statements and the cash flow statement of Blue Dart Express Limited for the year ended March 31, 2021 and that

to the best of our knowledge and belief, we state that:

(i)

these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements that might be misleading;

(ii) these statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with existing accounting

standards, applicable laws and regulations.

B.

We also state that to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the year, which are

fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company’s code of conduct.

C.

We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that they have evaluated the effectiveness

of internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting and they have disclosed to the Auditors and the Audit Committee,

deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls, if any, of which they are aware and the steps they have taken or propose to

take to rectify these deficiencies.

D.

We have indicated, based on our most recent evaluation, wherever applicable, to the Auditors and the Audit Committee:

i.

significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year;

ii.

significant changes, if any, in the accounting policies during the year and that the same have been disclosed in the notes to the

financial statements and

iii. instances of significant fraud of which they have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of the management or an employee

having significant role in the Company’s internal control system over financial reporting.

Balfour Manuel: Managing

Managing Director

DIN:08416666

Aneel Gambhir

Chief Financial Officer

Tushar Gunderia

Head (Legal & Compliance) &

Company Secretary

Membership Number 104315

Place: Bengaluru

Date: May 05, 2021

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2021

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | FINANCIALS | ANNUAL REPORT 2020-2021:

Managing Director

DIN:08416666

Aneel Gambhir

Chief Financial Officer

Tushar Gunderia

Head (Legal & Compliance) &

Company Secretary

Membership Number 104315

Place: Bengaluru

Date: May 05, 2021

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2021

Note

Year ended

Year ended

March 31, 2021

March 31, 2020

in ` Lakhs

in ` Lakhs

INCOME

Revenue from Operations

25

327,970

316,639

Other Income

26

1,266

1,401

Total Income

329,236

318,040

EXPENSES

Freight, Handling and Servicing Costs

27

209,115

216,106

Employee Benefits Expenses

28

56,683

57,400

Finance Costs

29

3,172

3,214

Depreciation and Amortisation Expense

30

20,067

15,280

Other Expenses

31

24,509

24,349

Total Expenses

313,546

316,349

PROFIT BEFORE EXCEPTIONAL ITEMS AND TAX

15,690

1,691

Exceptional Items

31 (a)

2,585

6,411

PROFIT / (LOSS) BEFORE TAX

13,105

(4,720)

Income Tax Expense

36

Current Tax

3,598

-

Deferred Tax (Credit)

(124)

(891)

Total Tax Expense

3,474

(891)

PROFIT / (LOSS) FOR THE YEAR

9,631

(3,829)

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

Items that will not be reclassified to Statement of Profit and Loss in subsequent years

Actuarial loss arising from remeasurements of post employment benefit obligation

84

964

Income tax relating to this item

(21)

(242)

Total comprehensive income / (loss) for the year

9,568

(4,551)

Earnings Per Equity Share [Nominal value of share ` 10 each]

Basic and Diluted (in `)

32

40.59

(16.14)

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | FINANCIALS | ANNUAL REPORT 2020-2021:

Managing Director

DIN:08416666

Aneel Gambhir

Chief Financial Officer

Tushar Gunderia

Head (Legal & Compliance) &

Company Secretary

Membership Number 104315

Place: Bengaluru

Date: May 05, 2021

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2021:

Managing Director

DIN:08416666

Aneel Gambhir

Chief Financial Officer

Tushar Gunderia

Head (Legal & Compliance) &

Company Secretary

Membership Number 104315

Place: Bengaluru

Date: May 05, 2021

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2021

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | FINANCIALS | ANNUAL REPORT 2020-2021:

Managing Director (from May 16, 2019)

Sharad Upasani

Chairman

Air Marshal M. McMahon (Retd.)

Director

Narendra Sarda

Director

Kavita Nair

Director:

Letter of Comfort in

favour of various Banks / Financial Institutions to facilitate its borrowings. As at March 31, 2021, the Company has issued: letter of comfort

worth ` 18,500 Lakhs (previous year ` 18,500 Lakhs) of which outstanding as on even date is ` 11,610 Lakhs (previous year ` 13,084

Lakhs).

41 During year ended March 31, 2020 Blue Dart Aviation Limited, wholly owned subsidiary company has repaid the loan in full as per the

schedule. There was no amount outstanding as at year end March 31, 2021 (Previous year: ` Nil)

42 DIVIDENDS

The final dividend proposed for the year is as follows:

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

On Equity Shares of ` 10/- each

Amount of dividend proposed (in ` Lakhs)

3,559

-

Dividend per equity share

15

-

43 CAPITAL MANAGEMENT

The Company’s objective for Capital management is to maximise shareholder's value and support the strategic objectives of the Company.

The Company determines the capital requirements based on its financial performance, operating and long term investment plans. The funding

requirements for current financial year are largely met through operating cash flows generated.

The Company monitors capital using a ratio of 'Adjusted net debt’ to ‘equity’. For this purpose, adjusted net debt is defined as total borrowings

less cash and cash equivalents (excluding collection on cash on delivery shipments held on behalf of customers). Equity comprises all

components of equity. Debt equity ratio as at March 31, 2021 is 0.15 and as at March 31, 2020 is 0.07.

44 Note on COVID 19

World Health Organisation (WHO) declared outbreak of Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19) a global pandemic on March 11, 2020. Consequent

to this, The Ministry of Home Affairs vide order No.40-3/2020 dated March 24, 2020 notified first ever nationwide lockdown in India to contain

the outbreak of COVID-19 which impacted the overall economy and business activities of the Company. It has been over a year but still the

pandemic continues to impact across the world.

The operations of the Company were also impacted in the period of lockdown. The Company operated truncated services all through the

lockdown period to support movement of essential goods, international charters for movement of medical equipment and medicines for

various customers including Central, State Governments and Ministry of Finance and gradually scaling up its operations in compliance with

the guidelines issued by Central / State authorities from time to time.

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | FINANCIALS | ANNUAL REPORT 2020-2021

Managing Director

DIN:08416666

Aneel Gambhir

Chief Financial Officer

Tushar Gunderia

Head (Legal & Compliance) &

Company Secretary

Membership Number 104315

Place: Bengaluru

Date: May 05, 2021

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2021:

Managing Director

Air Marshal M. McMahon (Retd.)

Director

Air Marshal VA Patkar (Retd.)

Director

(resigned w.e.f. May 09, 2021)

Ravi S. Menon

Director

(appointed as an Independent Director w.e.f May 04, 2021)

Sharad P. Upasani

Director

Geoffrey Kehr

Director

KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL

P. Parameshwaran

Chief Financial Officer

N. Palaniappan

Company Secretary & General Manager - Finance

BANKERS

Axis Bank Ltd.

Bank of America N.A.

Citibank N.A.

Yes Bank Ltd.

AUDITORS

S.R.Batliboi & Associates LLP

REGISTERED OFFICE

Blue Dart Centre,

Sahar Airport Road,

Andheri (E), Mumbai – 400 099

CIN: U35303MH1994PLC078691

HEAD OFFICE

Blue Dart Aviation Terminal,

Gate No.6, Old International Airport,

Meenambakkam, Chennai – 600 027:

Managing Director

3.

Air Marshal M.McMahon (Retd.)

Director

4.

Air Marshal Vijay Achyut Patkar (Retd.) Director

5.

Mr. Sharad Upasani

Director

6.

Mr. Geoffrey Kehr

Director

During the year, Mr. Clyde C Cooper (DIN 382001) resigned from the

Company on November 03, 2020. Due to the resignation of Mr. Clyde

C. Cooper, Mr. Surendra Sheth (DIN 89981), an alternate Director of

Mr. Clyde C Cooper, also ceased to be a Director from the said date.

During the year under review, in terms of the requirements under

the Companies Act, 2013, all Independent Directors have provided

declarations under Section 149(7) of the Companies Act, 2013 that

they meet the criteria of independence as laid down under Section

149(6) of the Companies Act, 2013.

The Independent Directors have also confirmed that they have

registered themselves in the databank of Independent Directors.

In accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, and

Articles of Association of the Company, Mr. Tushar K Jani (DIN

:00192621), retires by rotation at the ensuing Annual General Meeting

and being eligible, offers himself for re-appointment.

The Key Managerial Personnel (KMPs) in the Company as per Section

2(51) and Section 203 of the Companies Act, 2013 are as follows:

Sr. No. Name of the Directors

Designation

1.

Ms.Tulsi Nowlakha Mirchandaney: Managing Director

2.

Mr. P. Parameshwaran

Chief Financial Officer

3.

Mr. N. Palaniappan

Company Secretary

During the year, there was no change (appointment or cessation) in

the office of any KMP.

Number of Meetings of the Board

During the year, the Board of Directors of your Company has met

6 times. The Maximum interval between any two meetings did not

exceed 120 days.

Details of Board Meeting as follows:

Sr. No.

Date of Meeting

1.

26.05.2020

Sr. No.

Date of Meeting

2.

30.07.2020

3.

29.10.2020

4.

19.11.2020

5.

28.01.2021

6.

25.03.2021

Due to the COVID 19, pandemic, your company conducted all the

Board Meetings through Video Conference.

AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee comprises of three Non-Executive Directors

viz; Air Marshal M. McMahon (Retd.) as

Managing Director, is the

permanent invitee to the Nomination and Remuneration Committee

Meetings.

NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION POLICY

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 178 of Companies Act, 2013,

the Board has, on the recommendations of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee, framed a policy on appointment of Directors

and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company, and fixation of the

remuneration of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and other

employees of the Company. The Nomination and Remuneration policy

of your Company has listed down criteria for determining qualifications,

positive attributes, independence of a Director and other matters

provided under Section 178(3) of Companies Act, 2013.

CSR COMMITTEE

The CSR Committee of the Company comprises of Air Marshal M.

McMahon (Retd.), as Chairman of the Committee and Mr Tushar

K Jani and Ms. Tulsi Nowlakha Mirchandaney as members of the

Committee. The CSR Committee, along with the CSR Implementation

and Management Committee, is responsible for formulating and

implementing the CSR Policy of the Company.

Mr. N. Palaniappan, Company Secretary & General Manager-Finance

acts as Secretary to the Committee.

CSR INITATIVES / CSR POLICY

Corporate Social Responsibility is an integral part of our strategy. We

are committed to our responsibility towards society, community and the

environment. Our endeavor is to make a positive contribution to our

world by using our knowledge and domestic as well as global presence

in a way that benefits the planet and its people.

In accordance with the provisions of Section 135 of Companies Act,

2013 and the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy)

Rules, 2014, the Company has formulated and posted the CSR Policy

on website of the company viz; www.bluedartaviation.com.

During the year, your Company has continued its support for the

Government schools, which were earlier adopted by the Company

for its CSR Projects towards promotion of education. Further, your

Company has made a Tri-Party Agreement with Aeronero Solutions

Private Limited (hereinafter referred as “Aeronero”) and M/s. RC

Chennai ECR Charitable Trust (hereinafter referred as “Rotary”) for

installation of a machine which converts air to water, without depleting

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

BLUE DART AVIATION LIMITED | DIRECTORS’ REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2020-2021:

Managing Director,

Mr. P. Parameshwaran, Chief Financial Officer and Mr. N. Palaniappan,

Company Secretary & General Manager – Finance as members to

monitor the risks on a periodic basis.

FIXED DEPOSITS

Your Company has not accepted any fixed deposits under the

provisions of Section 73 of the Companies Act, 2013.

AUDITORS

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 139 of the Companies Act, 2013

(the Act) read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014

(including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof, for the

time being in force), M/s. S. R. Batliboi & Associates LLP, Chartered

Accountants, (Firm Registration no. 101049W/E300004), were

appointed as statutory auditors of the Company for a term of five (5)

years to hold office from the conclusion of Twenty Third Annual General

Meeting of the Company held on July 27, 2017 upto the conclusion of

the Twenty Eighth Annual General Meeting, subject to ratification of

their appointment at every subsequent Annual General Meeting.

MCA vide its notification dated May 07, 2018 has enforced section 40

of the Companies (Amendment) Act, 2017 and the Companies (Audit

and Auditors) Rules, 2014 wherein the requirement for ratifying the

appointment of the Auditors of a Company at every Annual General

Meeting as per the provisions of section 139 (1) of the Act, 2013 has

now been dispensed with.

Accordingly, in terms of the aforesaid amendments, your Company

has not sought ratification of the appointment of the Statutory Auditors

by the Shareholders at the ensuing Annual General Meeting.

Your Company has received necessary certificate from M/s. S. R.

Batliboi & Associates LLP, Chartered Accountants confirming that they

satisfy the criteria provided under section 141 of the Companies Act,

2013 and are not disqualified from continuing as Statutory Auditors of

the Company.

The Auditors’ Report for 2020-21, does not contain any qualification,

reservation or adverse remarks.

No fraud has been reported by the auditors to the audit committee or

the Board.

EMPLOYEES

People are the human capital of the organization and key to the

successful implementation of plans and processes. Your Company

continues to maintain its ‘People’ philosophy. Your Directors take

this opportunity to thank each one of our people for their dedicated

service and contributions and going beyond the call of duty, flying to

new destinations at short notice, and working under the extremely

challenging conditions of an exceptional year and a grave crisis. Your

Company’s consistent growth has been made possible by their hard

work, solidarity, co-operation, commitment and support.

Information on the particulars of employees’ remuneration as per

Section 197 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with Rule 5(2) of the

Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel)

Rules, 2014 forms part of this report. However, as per the provisions of

Section 136 (1) of the Companies Act, 2013, the report and accounts

are being sent to all shareholders of the Company, excluding the

Statement of Particulars of Employees which is available for inspection

at the registered office of the Company during working hours. Any

shareholder interested in such particulars may inspect the same.

PARTICULARS REGARDING CONSERVATION OF ENERGY,

TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE

EARNINGS AND EXPENDITURE

The particulars regarding foreign exchange earnings and expenditure

stipulated under section 134(3)(m) are annexed herewith as an

‘Annexure E’ and forms part of this Report. Since your Company does

not own any manufacturing facility, the other particulars relating to

conservation of energy and technology absorption stipulated in the

Companies (Disclosure of Particulars in the Report of the ‘Board of

Directors’ Rules, 1988) are not applicable.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

The Board of Directors wishes to express its sincere appreciation and

thanks to all customers, vendors, banks, financial institutions, solicitors,

advisors, the Government of India, concerned State Governments

and other authorities for their consistent support and co-operation in

contributing to the Organization’s success.

Your Directors appreciate the contribution made by the employees

of the Company and acknowledge their hard work and dedication

to ensure that the Company consistently performs to the highest

standards of excellence.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors,

Tushar K. Jani

Tulsi Nowlakha Mirchandaney

Chairman: Managing

Managing Director

DIN: 0192621

DIN: 01842520

Chennai,

May 04, 2021:

Managing Director

DIN: 0192621

DIN: 01842520

Chennai,

May 04, 2021

BLUE DART AVIATION LIMITED | ANNEXURES TO DIRECTORS’ REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2020-2021

a.:

letter.

1. Maintenance of Secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. My responsibility is to express an opinion on these

secretarial records based on my audit.

2. I have followed the audit practices and process as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the contents of

the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in Secretarial records. I believe that

the process and practices, I have followed provide a reasonable basis for my opinion.

3. I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4. Wherever required, I have obtained the Management representation about the Compliance of laws, rules and regulations and happening of

events etc.

5. The Compliance of the provisions of corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of management. My

examination was limited to the verification of procedure on test basis.

6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which the

management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Place : Chennai

Signature:

Date : May 04, 2021

For Mohan Kumar & Associates

UDIN: F004347C000338615

A. Mohan Kumar

Practicing Company Secretary

FCS No. 4347

COP No: 19145

BLUE DART AVIATION LIMITED | ANNEXURES TO DIRECTORS’ REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2020-2021:

Managing Director, Whole-time Directors and/or Manager:

Sr. No.

Particulars of Remuneration

Name of MD/WTD/ Manager

Tulsi Nowlakha Mirchandaney,: Managing

Managing Director

DIN: 01842520

per Sunil Gaggar

Partner

Membership Number 104315

N. Palaniappan

Company Secretary &

General Manager-Finance

P. Parameshwaran

Chief Financial Officer

Place: Chennai

Date: May 04, 2021

Date: May 04, 2021

Place: Bengaluru

The above balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

As per our report of even date.:

Managing Director

DIN: 01842520

per Sunil Gaggar

Partner

Membership Number 104315

N. Palaniappan

Company Secretary &

General Manager-Finance

P. Parameshwaran

Chief Financial Officer

Place: Chennai

Date: May 04, 2021

Date: May 04, 2021

Place: Bengaluru

BLUE DART AVIATION LIMITED

STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2021

BLUE DART AVIATION LIMITED | FINANCIALS | ANNUAL REPORT 2020-2021

Notes

Year ended

Year ended

March 31, 2021

March 31, 2020

in ` Lakhs

in ` Lakhs

INCOME

Revenue from Operations

24

76,873

80,686

Other Income

25

831

395

TOTAL INCOME

77,704

81,081

EXPENSES

Operating Costs

26

24,496

29,475

Employee Benefits Expenses

27

16,182

15,633

Finance Costs

28

8,042

8,797

Depreciation and Amortisation Expenses

29

22,927

19,448

Other Expenses

30

5,190

6,927

TOTAL EXPENSES

76,837

80,280

PROFIT BEFORE TAX

867

801

Income Tax Expense

32

Current Tax

1,328

1,276

Adjustment of tax relating to earlier year

475

-

Deferred Tax (Credit)

(1,478)

(115)

Total Tax Expenses

325

1,161

PROFIT / (LOSS) FOR THE YEAR

542

(360)

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME ('OCI')

Item not to be reclassified to Statement of Profit and Loss in subsequent years

- Remeasurement gains/ (losses) on defined benefit plans

(7)

(268)

- Income tax effect

2

67

TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME / (LOSS) FOR THE YEAR

537

(561)

Earnings Per Equity Share

31

[Nominal value of share ` 10 each]

Basic and Diluted (in `)

2.26

(1.50)

The above Statement of Profit and Loss should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

As per our report of even date:

Managing Director

DIN: 01842520

per Sunil Gaggar

Partner

Membership Number 104315

N. Palaniappan

Company Secretary &

General Manager-Finance

P. Parameshwaran

Chief Financial Officer

Place: Chennai

Date: May 04, 2021

Date: May 04, 2021

Place: Bengaluru

Notes

Year ended

March 31, 2021

in ` Lakhs

Year ended

March 31, 2020

in ` Lakhs

Inter Corporate deposits accepted from Blue Dart Express

10,902

2,644

Inter Corporate deposits repaid to Blue Dart Express

(10,902)

(2,644)

Payment of principal portion of Lease liabilities

(8,029)

(6,293)

Payment of interest on lease liabilities

(5,104)

(5,012)

Interest Paid

(2,791)

(3,546)

Net Cash flows (used in) financing activities.

(16,174)

(12,943)

Net increase /(decrease) in Cash and cash equivalents

(7)

26

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year

109

83

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year

102

109

Note : There are no changes in liabilities arising from financing activities, due to

non-cash changes.

Cash and cash equivalents comprise of :

Balances with banks in current accounts

100

107

Cash on hand

2

2

102

109

Notes:

The above Statement of Cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

As per our report of even date

BLUE DART AVIATION LIMITED | FINANCIALS | ANNUAL REPORT 2020-2021:

Managing Director

DIN: 01842520

per Sunil Gaggar

Partner

Membership Number 104315

N. Palaniappan

Company Secretary &

General Manager-Finance

P. Parameshwaran

Chief Financial Officer

Place: Chennai

Date: May 04, 2021

Date: May 04, 2021

Place: Bengaluru

BLUE DART AVIATION LIMITED | FINANCIALS | ANNUAL REPORT 2020-2021:

Letter of Comfort to the banks in respect of credit facilities provided

by the banks to the Company.

BLUE DART AVIATION LIMITED | FINANCIALS | ANNUAL REPORT 2020-2021

As at

March 31, 2021

in ` Lakhs

As at

March 31, 2020

in ` Lakhs

17 A

CURRENT FINANCIAL LIABILITIES - LEASES

Lease Liability (Refer Note 35 (ii))

7,920

7,360

Total

7,920

7,360

17 B

NON CURRENT FINANCIAL LIABILITIES - LEASES

Lease Liability (Refer Note 35 (ii))

55,920

56,923

Total

55,920

56,923

18 OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES

Aircraft Payload Deposit from Blue Dart Express Limited (refer note 33)

1,601

2,150

Deposit Received from DHL Express (India) Private Limited (refer note 33)

348

498

Total

1,949

2,648:

Managing Director

Mr. Tushar K. Jani

Non-Executive Chairman

Air Marshal M. McMahon (Retd.)

Independent Director

Air Marshal Vijay Achyut Patkar (Retd.)

Independent Director

Mr. Sharad Upasani

Director

Mr. Geoffrey Kehr

Director

Mr. Clyde C Cooper *

Ceased to be Director

Mr. Surendra Sheth *

Ceased to be Alternate Director

* Mr. Clyde C Cooper resigned from the Board of Directors w.e.f 19th November, 2020. Mr. Surendra Sheth who was alternate director

for Mr. Clyde C Cooper also ceased to be alternate director on the same date.

iii) Entities under common control where transaction have taken place

Concorde Air Logistics Limited

DHL Express India Private Limited

European Air Transport, Leipzig Gmbh

DHL Aviation (Netherlands) B.V.

DHL Logistics Private Limited

DHL Aviation EEMEA, Kingdom of Bahrain

DHL Worldwide Network NV/SA

iv) Entities in which a Director is interested, where transaction have taken place

Cargo Service Center India Private Limited

Delhi Cargo Service Center Private Limited

Mumbai Cargo Service Center Airport Private Limited:

Managing Director

DIN: 01842520

per Sunil Gaggar

Partner

Membership Number 104315

N. Palaniappan

Company Secretary &

General Manager-Finance

P. Parameshwaran

Chief Financial Officer

Place: Chennai

Date: May 04, 2021

Date: May 04, 2021

Place: Bengaluru

The operations of the Company were also impacted in the period of lockdown. The Company operated truncated services all through the

lockdown period to support movement of essential goods, international charters for movement of medical equipment and medicines and

gradually scaling up its operations in compliance with the guidelines issued by Central/State authorities from time to time.

Post the lockdown the volumes started picking up and the Company has continued playing its role in supporting business and trade.

The impact on our business will depend on future developments that cannot be reliably predicted. The impact of global health pandemic might

be different from that estimated as at the date of approval of these financial statements and the Company will closely monitor any material

changes to future economic conditions.

39 CONTINGENT LIABILITY

The Company has no contingent liabilities for the year ended March 31, 2021 which requires disclosure in the financial statements.

40 SEGMENT INFORMATION

Based on the "management approach" as defined in Ind AS 108, the Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) comprises of: Managing

Managing Director, Whole-time Directors and/or Manager

Sr. No.

Particulars of Remuneration

Name of MD/WTD/ Manager

NA

1.

Gross salary

a) Salary as per provisions contained in section 17(1) of the Income-tax

Act, 1961

b) Value of perquisites u/s 17(2) Income-tax Act, 1961

c) Profits in lieu of salary under section 17(3) Income-tax Act, 1961

-

2.

Stock Option

-

3.

Sweat Equity

-

4.

Commission

- as % of profit

- others, specify

-

5.

Others, please specify

-

Total (A)

-

Ceiling as per the Act

-

B. Remuneration to other Directors: Nil

Sr.

No.

Particulars of Remuneration

Name of Directors

Total Amount

(1)

Independent Directors

- Fee for attending board /

committee meetings

-

-

-

-

- Commission

-

-

-

-

- Others,please specify

-

-

-

-

Total (1)

-

-

-

-

ANNEXURES TO DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONCORDE AIR LOGISTICS LIMITED | ANNEXURES TO DIRECTORS REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2020-2021:

Managing Director

DIN:08416666

Aneel Gambhir

Chief Financial Officer

Tushar Gunderia

Head (Legal & Compliance) &

Company Secretary

Membership Number 104315

Place: Bengaluru

Date: May 05, 2021

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2021

The above Consolidated Balance Sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

As per our report of even date:

Managing Director

DIN:08416666

Aneel Gambhir

Chief Financial Officer

Tushar Gunderia

Head (Legal & Compliance) &

Company Secretary

Membership Number 104315

Place: Bengaluru

Date: May 05, 2021

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2021

As per our report of even date:

Managing Director

DIN:08416666

Aneel Gambhir

Chief Financial Officer

Tushar Gunderia

Head (Legal & Compliance) &

Company Secretary

Membership Number 104315

Place: Bengaluru

Date: May 05, 2021

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2021:

Managing Director

DIN:08416666

Aneel Gambhir

Chief Financial Officer

Tushar Gunderia

Head (Legal & Compliance) &

Company Secretary

Membership Number 104315

Place: Bengaluru

Date: May 05, 2021

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2021

The above Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

As per our report of even date

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED (CONSOLIDATED) | FINANCIALS | ANNUAL REPORT 2020-2021:

Managing Director (from May 16, 2019) -

Blue Dart Express Limited

Sharad Upasani

Chairman

Air Marshal M. McMahon (Retd.)

Director

Tulsi Nowlakha Mirchandaney: Managing

Managing Director

DIN:08416666

Aneel Gambhir

Chief Financial Officer

Tushar Gunderia

Head (Legal & Compliance) &

Company Secretary

Membership Number 104315

Place: Bengaluru

Date: May 05, 2021

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2021:

Managing Director (DIN : 08416666) for the calendar year

ended December 31, 2020;

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any Director and / or Company

Secretary be and is hereby authorised severally to do all such

acts, deeds, matters and things as may be considered necessary

or desirable to give effect to this resolution and matters incidental

thereto.”

7. To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a

Special Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT in partial modification of earlier Resolutions

passed at the Twenty Eighth and Twenty Ninth Annual General

Meetings of the Company held on July 31, 2019 and July 31,

2020 respectively and pursuant to provisions of Sections 196,

197, 198, 203 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the

Companies Act, 2013 read with Schedule V of the Companies

Act, 2013 and the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration

of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, (including any statutory

modification(s) or re-enactment(s) made thereof for the time being

in force), relevant provisions of the Articles of Association of the

Company and in terms of recommendation of the Nomination

& Remuneration Committee and as approved by the Board of

Directors in its Meeting held on May 5, 2021, approval of Members

of the Company be and is hereby accorded to revise remuneration

of Mr. Balfour Manuel,: Managing Director (DIN: 08416666) for

the financial year April 1, 2021 to March 31, 2022 as set out in

the Explanatory Statement and Supplementary Agreement (“the

Agreement”) to be entered into between the Company and Mr.

Balfour Manuel, Managing Director, the draft whereof is placed

before this meeting and initialed by the

letter mentioning

the name and address of the Member, self-attested copy of the

PAN card and self-attested copy of any document (eg; Driving

License, Election Identity Card, Passport) in support of address

of the Member. Members holding shares in dematerialised mode

are requested to register / update their e-mail addresses with the

relevant Depository Participants. Pursuant to general circular no.

20/2020 dated May 05, 2020 issued by the Ministry of Corporate

Affairs, the Company has also enabled the process for the limited

purpose of receiving the Company’s Annual Report and notice of

Annual General Meeting (including remote e-voting instructions)

electronically and members may temporarily update their e-mail

address by accessing the link https://linkintime.co.in/emailreg/

email_register.html or on their web site www.linkintime.co.in

under the Investor Services tab by choosing the e-mail registration

heading and follow registration process as guided therein.

PROCEDURE FOR JOINING THE AGM THROUGH VC / OAVM:

10. Members will be provided with a facility to attend the AGM through

VC/OAVM through the NSDL e-Voting system. Members may

access by following the steps mentioned below for an access to

NSDL e-Voting system. After successful login, you can see the

link of “VC/OAVM link” placed under “Join General meeting” menu

against company name. You are requested to click on VC/OAVM

link placed under Join General Meeting menu. The link for VC/

OAVM will be available in Shareholder/Member login where the

EVEN of Company will be displayed. Please note that members

who do not have User ID and Password for an e-Voting or have

forgotten the User ID and Password may retrieve the same by

following the remote e-Voting instructions mentioned in the notice

to avoid last minute rush.

11. For convenience of Members and proper conduct of AGM,

Members can login and join at least 30 (thirty) minutes prior to

the time scheduled for the AGM and facility to join AGM shall be

kept open throughout the proceedings of AGM. Members will be

allowed to attend the AGM on first come, first served basis.

12. Please note that participants connecting from Mobile devices or

Tablets or through Laptop connecting via Mobile Hotspot may

experience Audio / Video loss due to fluctuations in their respective

network. It is therefore recommended to use stable Wi-Fi or LAN

connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.

13. Members attending the AGM through VC / OAVM shall be counted

for the purpose of reckoning the quorum under Section 103 of the

Act.

PROCEDURE TO RAISE QUESTIONS / SEEK CLARIFICATIONS

WITH RESPECT TO ANNUAL REPORT:

14. As the AGM is being conducted through VC / OAVM, for smooth

conduct of proceedings of the AGM, Members are encouraged to

express their views / send their queries in advance mentioning

their names, demat account no./folio no., email id, mobile no. at

Investors@bluedart.com. Questions / queries received by the

Company by Wednesday, July 28, 2021 till 5:00 p.m. shall be

considered and responded during AGM.

15. Members who would like to express their views or ask questions

during the AGM, may register themselves as a speaker by

sending an e-mail to the Company at Investors@bluedart.com by

Wednesday, July 28, 2021 till 5:00 p.m.

16. The Company reserves its right to restrict the number of questions

and number of speakers, as appropriate for smooth conduct of the

AGM.

PROCEDURE FOR REMOTE E-VOTING AND E-VOTING DURING

THE AGM:

17. Pursuant to Section 108 of the Act read with Rule 20 of the

Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, as

amended and Regulation 44 of Listing Regulations and in terms of

SEBI vide circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/ CIR/P/2020/242 dated

December 9, 2020 in relation to e-Voting Facility Provided by Listed

Entities, the Company is pleased to provide the facility to Members

to exercise their rights to vote on the resolutions proposed to

be passed at AGM by electronic means. For this purpose, the

Company has entered into an agreement with National Securities

Depository Limited (NSDL) for facilitating voting through electronic

means, as the authorized agency. The facility of casting votes by a

member using remote e-Voting system as well as e-voting on the

date of the AGM will be provided by NSDL.

18. The Members, whose names appear in the Register of Members

/ list of Beneficial Owners as on Thursday, July 22, 2021, i.e. the

cut-off date, are entitled to vote on the Resolutions set forth in this

Notice.

19. Members may cast their votes on electronic voting system from

any place (remote e-voting). The remote e-voting period will

commence at 9.00 a.m. on Saturday, July 24, 2021 and will end at

5.00 p.m. on Thursday, July 29, 2021. The remote e-voting module

shall be disabled by NSDL for voting thereafter. In addition, the

facility for voting through electronic voting system shall also be

made available during the AGM. Members attending the AGM who

have not cast their votes by remote e-voting shall be eligible to cast:

letter along with self-attested copy of

PAN Card and original cancelled cheque. The original cancelled

cheque should bear name of the Member. In the alternative,

Members are requested to submit a copy of the bank passbook/

statement attested by the bank. Members holding shares in

Demat mode are requested to submit the aforesaid information

to their respective Depository Participant.

34. As per Regulation 40 of SEBI Listing Regulations as amended,

securities of listed companies can be transferred only in

dematerialised form with effect from April 1, 2019, except in

case of request received for transmission or transposition of

securities. in view of this and to eliminate all risks associated

with physical shares and ease of portfolio management,

members holding shares in physical form are requested to

consider consider converting their holding to dematerialised

form.

35. Members of the Company had approved the appointment of

M/s. S. R. Batliboi & Associates LLP, Chartered Accountants,

as Statutory Auditors at the Twenty Sixth Annual General

Meeting of the Company held on July 27, 2017, for a term

of five years subject to ratification by the members at every

Annual General Meeting. The Ministry of Corporate Affairs vide

its Notification dated May 7, 2018 has enforced Section 40 of

the Companies (Amendment) Act, 2017 and Companies (Audit

and Auditors) Rules, 2014 wherein the requirement for ratifying

the appointment of the Statutory Auditors of the Company at

every Annual General Meeting has now been dispensed with.

Accordingly, the proposal for ratification of the appointment of

Statutory Auditors is not forming part of the Notice convening

ensuing Annual General Meeting.

REGISTRAR & SHARE TRANSFER AGENT:

Link Intime India Pvt. Ltd.,

C- 101, First Floor, 247 Park,

LBS Marg, Vikhroli West,

Mumbai - 400083.:

Managing Director of the

Company by an ordinary resolution passed by the Members at the

Twenty Eighth Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of the Company held

on July 31, 2019 for a period of (three) years with effect from May 16,

2019 to May 15, 2022. Further, Members at the AGM of the Company

held on July 31, 2020 by way of a Special Resolution, approved

remuneration payable to Mr. Balfour Manuel,: Managing

Managing Director shall be entitled to an incentive payment

based on achievement of profitability level and other performance

parameters determined by the Board of Directors for the calendar

year ended December 31, 2021, upto a maximum of ` 129 lakhs.

(vii) Increment for each year shall be determined by NRC and subject

to approval of Board and members at the General Meeting of

members.

(viii) LTI as per the scheme.

Save and except as indicated hereinabove, other terms of appointment

of Mr. Balfour Manuel,: Managing

letter of appointment and terms and conditions of

re-appointment of Air Marshal M. McMahon (Retd.), is available for

inspection in the electronic mode. Members can inspect the same by

sending an e-mail to Investors@bluedart.com.

Given his expertise, knowledge and experience, the Board considers

that, continued association of Air Marshal M. McMahon (Retd.)

would be of immense benefit to the Company and it is desirable to

continue to avail the services of Air Marshal M. McMahon (Retd.)

as an Independent Director. Accordingly, the Board considers the

re-appointment of Air Marshal M. McMahon (Retd.) as an Independent

Director for a second term of three years with effect from February 10,

2022 to February 09, 2025, in the best interest of the Company and

recommends the resolution as set out in the accompanying Notice for

approval of the Members.

None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company

or their relatives, other than Air Marshal M. McMahon (Retd.) for his

re-appointment are in any manner concerned or interested in the

resolution as set out at Item no. 8 in the accompanying Notice of

Annual General Meeting.

Item no. 9

As per provisions of Section 149, 152, Schedule IV of the Act read

with rules made thereunder, the Company has appointed Ms. Kavita

Nair as an Independent Director as per requirement of Companies Act,

2013 for a period of 2 years and 6 months commencing from March

26, 2019 to September 25, 2021. Ms. Kavita would be completing her

term on September 25, 2021 and being eligible for re-appointment for

another term under the applicable provisions of Companies Act, 2013

offers herself to be appointed as Independent Director of the Company

for a second term.

Ms. Kavita Nair is a Member of the Nomination & Remuneration

Committee and rendering valuable advice and guidance to the

Board of Directors and Management from time to time and actively

contributing to the Board deliberations. Based on comprehensive

appraisal of the performance against a range of criteria including

expertise in the areas of digital, Technology and operations, efficiency

of meetings, time and focus given to particular areas, information

issues, corporate governance standards, it was concluded that

Ms. Kavita Nair’s contribution to the performance of the Board was

effective and valuable.

Accordingly, based on performance evaluation of Ms. Kavita Nair, the

Board of Directors of the Company (‘the Board’) at the meeting held on

May 05, 2021, on recommendation of the Nomination & Remuneration

Committee and subject to approval of Members, approved and

recommended re-appointment of Ms. Kavita Nair as an Independent

Director, for a second term as set out in the Resolution, and she shall

not be liable to retire by rotation at the Annual General Meeting as

provided under Section 152(6) of the Companies Act, 2013.

The Company has received from Ms. Kavita Nair (i) consent in writing

to act as a Director in Form DIR- 2 pursuant to Rule 8 of the Companies

(Appointment & Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, (ii) intimation in

Form DIR- 8 in terms of the Companies (Appointment & Qualification

of Directors) Rules, 2014, to the effect that she is not disqualified under

the provisions of sub-section (2) of Section 164 of the Companies Act,

2013, and (iii) a declaration to the effect that she meets the criteria

of independence as provided in sub-section (6) of Section 149 of the

Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 16 of Securities and Exchange

Board of India (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015.

In the opinion of the Board, Ms. Kavita Nair fulfils the conditions

specified under the Companies Act, 2013 and Rules framed thereunder

for appointment as an Independent Director and she is independent of

the management.

Brief resume of Ms. Kavita Nair pursuant to Regulation 36 of Securities

and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations & Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and Secretarial Standard-2 on

General Meeting are provided below.

Ms. Kavita Nair is an alumnus of the Faculty of Management Studies

(FMS), M. S. University, Baroda, where she did her MBA in Marketing

and has also completed Senior Leadership Programs from London

Business School and IIM Ahmedabad.

An award winning and dynamic leader, Ms. Kavita Nair aged 48 years,

has proven success in managing a wide range of leadership roles.

She has spent majority of her working years with Vodafone Idea.

Her career spanned 22 years here where she held leadership roles:

letter of appointment and terms and conditions of

re-appointment of Ms. Kavita Nair, is available for inspection in the

electronic mode. Members can inspect the same by sending an e-mail

to Investors@bluedart.com.

Given her expertise, knowledge and experience, the Board considers

that the continued association of Ms. Kavita Nair would be of immense

benefit to the Company and it is desirable to continue to avail the

services of Ms. Kavita Nair as an Independent Director. Accordingly, the

Board considers re-appointment of Ms. Kavita Nair as an Independent

Director for a second term of 5 (five) years from September 26, 2021

to September 25, 2026 in the best interest of the Company and

recommends the resolution as set out in the accompanying Notice for

approval of the Members.

None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or

their relatives, other than Ms. Kavita Nair for her re-appointment are in

any manner concerned or interested in the resolution as set out at Item

no. 9 in the accompanying Notice of Annual General Meeting.

Item No. 10

The Members of the Company at the Annual General Meeting held on

July 28, 2016 had approved payment of commission to Non - Executive

Directors of the Company at a rate not exceeding one percent of net

profit of the Company for a period of 5 (five) years from August 1, 2016.

Accordingly, the validity of the said resolution shall expire on July 31,

2021.

Pursuant to Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations

& Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing regulations’)

under the provisions of Regulation 17(1)(6)(a) of the Listing Regulations

and Section 197 of the Companies Act, 2013, compensation payable

to Non-Executive Directors, including the independent Directors, shall

require previous approval of the Members in the General Meeting.

On recommendation and approval by Board of Directors in its Meeting

held on May 05, 2021, approval of the Members is being sought

by way of an Ordinary Resolution for payment of commission for a

further period of five years to Non-Executive Directors as set out in the

resolution at Item no. 10 of this notice.

All Directors of the Company except Mr. Balfour Manuel, Managing

Director and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and their

respective relatives may be considered to be concerned or interested,

financial or otherwise, in the resolution set out in Item no. 10.

Mumbai,

By Order of the Board

May 05, 2021

sd/-

Tushar Gunderia

Head (Legal & Compliance) &

Company Secretary

Regd. Office:

Blue Dart Centre, Sahar Airport Road,

Andheri (East), Mumbai – 400 099.

Tel : 28396444 | Fax : 28244131

CIN: L61074MH1991PLC061074

www.bluedart.com

communications@bluedart.com:

Managing Director, DHL Express

India in 2010. India business grew manifold to a leadership position

in the last decade with investments in best in class infrastructure,

state of the art technology and strong people processes.

Mr. Subramanian is a Graduate in Industrial Engineering and a

Masters in Management from IIM – Bangalore. He is Gold Certified in

First Choice which is Deutsche Post DHL’s internal quality program

based on the Six-Sigma DMAIC methodology.

Details of remuneration sought to be paid: No remuneration is drawn

by Mr. R. S. Subramanian.

Date of first appointment on the Board : March 27, 2019

The number of Meetings of the Board attended during the year: 6

(six)

Directorship/ Membership/ Chairmanship of Committees of Other

Boards:

Sr.

No

DHL Express (India) Pvt. Ltd

Designation

1.

DHL Express (India) Pvt. Ltd

SVP & Managing

Director

2.

Indo German Chamber of Commerce

Director

3.

Express Industry Council of India (EICI)

Director

4.

Governing body of Logistics Sector Skill

Council (LSC)

Member

5.

DHL Express Asia Pacific Management

Board

Member

Shareholding of the Company as on March 31, 2021 - Nil

Mr. R. S. Subramanian and any of the other Directors, Manager or

Key Managerial Personnel of the Company do not have any inter-se

relationship.:

