letter mentioning the

Folio No., and name of the Member;

- Self-attested copy of PAN;

- Self-attested copy of any address proof including Aadhar,

Passport etc.;

- Scanned copy of share certificate(s) (front and back);

- Scanned copy of the cancelled cheque bearing the name

of the first named shareholder;

- Name and branch of the bank in which Members wish

to receive the dividend, the bank account type, MICR

Code Number and IFSC number.

Mode of

holding

Process for updating bank account details

Demat

Members to contact their respective DPs and register their

PAN, e-mail address and bank account details in their demat

account, as per the process recommended by the DP.

10. Members are requested to note that in terms of the

SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 (amended from time to time), with effect

from 1st April 2019, shares of the Company can be transferred

only in dematerialised form. In view of the above, Members

are advised to dematerialise the shares held by them in

physical form. This will also eliminate all risks associated

with holding securities in physical form and provide ease

in portfolio management. For further information, please

contact us at investorservices@cumi.murugappa.com or the

RTA at einward.ris@kfintech.com.

11. Registration of e-mail address by Members and details for

obtaining/downloading the electronic copy of the Annual

Report and Notice convening the AGM:

In view of the prevailing COVID-19 pandemic situation, MCA

vide its Circulars dated 5th May 2020 and 13th January 2021

and SEBI vide its circulars dated 12th May 2020 and 15th

January 2021 has exempted companies from sending Annual

Reports in physical mode. Accordingly, an electronic copy of

the Annual Report is being sent to all the Members holding

shares in dematerialised form and whose e-mail addresses are

available with the DPs as well as to all the Members holding

shares in physical mode whose e-mail addresses are registered

with the Company/RTA for communication purposes.

Procedure for obtaining the Annual Report, AGM notice as

well as electronic voting (e-voting) instructions for Members

whose e-mail addresses are not registered with the DPs or

with RTA is provided herein and also available on the website

of the Company. The Annual Report is also available on the

Company’s website https://www.cumi-murugappa.com/,

websites of the Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited and National

Stock Exchange of India Limited at www.bseindia.com and

www.nseindia.com respectively as well as the website of

RTA at https://evoting.kfintech.com/public/Downloads.aspx.

In view of the exemptions provided, no physical or hard copies

of the Notice and Annual Report will be sent to Members who

have not registered their e-mail addresses with the Company/

RTA as well as to those specifically requesting for physical

copy of the documents.

Members may follow the process detailed herein for

registration of e-mail addresses to obtain the Annual Report

and Notice.:

letter mentioning the

Folio No., name of the Member, e-mail address and mobile

number;

- Self-attested copy of PAN;

- Self-attested copy of any address proof including Aadhar,

Passport etc.;

- Scanned copy of share certificate(s) (front and back).

Demat

Members may contact their DPs and register or update their

respective e-mail addresses in the demat account, as per the

process recommended by the DP.

Alternatively, Members holding shares in physical or in electronic form

who have not registered their e-mail address may temporarily get their

e-mail address and mobile number registered with RTA by clicking the

link: https://ris.kfintech.com/clientservices/mobilereg/mobileemailreg.

aspx for enabling receipt of the Annual report electronically. Members

are requested to follow the process stated in the link to register their

e-mail address and mobile number. After due verification, RTA will

forward the documents and the login credentials for voting and

attending the AGM to the registered e-mail address.

Members can also send the abovementioned documents to

M/s. KFin Technologies Private Limited at Selenium Building,

Tower-B, Plot No 31 & 32, Financial District, Nanakramguda,

Serilingampally, Hyderabad - 500 032.

As an eco-friendly measure intending to benefit the society

at large, we request you to be part of the e-initiative and

register your e-mail address to receive all communication

and documents including Annual reports from time to time in

electronic form to the e-mail address provided by you.

In case of any queries, Members may write to einward.ris@

kfintech.com or investorservices@cumi.murugappa.com

by quoting their Folio number or DP and Client ID.

12. Additional information pursuant to SEBI (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and

Secretarial Standards on General Meetings in respect of the

Directors seeking appointment/re-appointment at the AGM

is furnished and forms part of the Notice. The Directors

have furnished the requisite consents/declarations for their

appointment/re-appointment.

13. The business set out in the Notice will be transacted through

electronic voting. Pursuant to Section 108 of the Companies

Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management

and Administration) Rules, 2014 and amendments thereof, the

Company is pleased to offer e-voting facility to Members to

cast their votes electronically on all resolutions set forth in the

Notice convening the 67th AGM. The Company has engaged

the services of M/s. KFin Technologies Private Limited to

provide remote e-voting facility and voting facility during the

AGM (Instapoll) to enable Members to exercise their votes in

a secured manner. The instructions for remote e-voting as well

as Instapoll is provided in this Notice.

The Board of Directors have appointed Mr. R Sridharan or

failing him Ms. Srinidhi Sridharan of M/s. R Sridharan and

Associates, Practising Company Secretaries as the Scrutiniser

to scrutinise the e-voting process in a fair and transparent

manner.

The Notice and the instructions for attending the AGM and

exercising the voting are being sent in electronic form to all

the Members whose e-mail addresses are registered with the

Company/their DPs for communication purposes. For others

who have not registered their e-mail addresses, please refer

the instructions in Note 11 above.

14. A shareholder satisfaction survey form is available on the

website of the Company at http://www.cumi-murugappa.

com/survey/index.php. Members who have not yet

participated in the survey are requested to kindly give your

valuable feedback by filling up the form in the above link.

15. Members who hold shares in physical form in multiple folios

in identical names or joint holding in the same order of names

are requested to send their share certificates to the RTA for

consolidation into a single folio.

16. All documents referred to in the accompanying Notice and

the statement under Section 102 of the Act, shall be open

for inspection during normal business hours (9.30 a.m. to

5.30 p.m.) on all working days upto the date of the AGM.

The Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel and

their shareholding, the Register of Contracts or Arrangements

in which the Directors are interested, maintained under the

Companies Act, 2013 and the certificate of the Statutory

Auditors under SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits)

Regulations, 2014 relating to the Company ESOP Scheme/Plan

will be available for inspection by the Members electronically

during the meeting. Members seeking to inspect such

documents can send an e-mail to investorservices@cumi.

murugappa.com.

17. Members holding shares in physical form are requested to

address all correspondence relating to their shareholding to

the Company’s RTA or to the Company. Members holding

shares in dematerialised form may send such correspondence

to their respective DPs.:

Letter etc., together with attested specimen

signature(s) of the duly authorised representative(s), to the

Scrutiniser at rsaevoting@gmail.com with a copy marked

to evoting@kfintech.com. The scanned image of the above

mentioned documents should be in the naming format

“CUMI - 67th AGM”.

B. Members holding shares in dematerialised form whose e-mail

addresses are not registered with the Company/DPs:

i. Please follow the steps provided in Note 11 in this Notice

to obtain the User ID and password.

ii. Please follow all steps from sl. no. (i) to sl. no. (xii) of

18.1(ii)(A) above to cast your vote by electronic means.

C. Other Instructions:

i. In case of Individual Members holding securities in demat

mode who becomes a Member of the Company after

despatch of Notice of the Meeting and holding shares as

on the cut-off date i.e., 26th July 2021 may follow the steps

mentioned under point no. (i) in 18.1.

ii. Any person holding shares in physical form and

non-individual Members who becomes a Member of the

Company after despatch of Notice of the Meeting and

holding shares as on the cut-off date i.e., 26th July 2021

may obtain the User ID and password by sending an

e-mail request to evoting@kfintech.com. If the Member:

letter of law, together with

a robust Risk Management system,

our Corporate Governance Standards

are built on a strong framework of

trust, transparency, accountability

Strong Governance standards and a sustainable ecosystem creating shared

value for all stakeholders.

and ethical practices, resonating the

Spirit of the Murugappa Group.

Inherent in CUMI’s framework of

sustainability is the priniciple of creating

shared value for all stakeholders:

employees, shareholders, customers,

community and the larger society.:

Managing Director

of Raman Boards and then Raman Fibre Science Private

Limited. He has served as Chairman of Confederation of

Indian Industry, Karnataka. He is currently on the Boards

of various companies including Telos Investments &

Technologies Private Limited, Wheels India Limited, Brigade

Enterprises Limited, TVS Automobile Solutions Private

Limited and EduTech NTTF Private Limited.

P S Raghavan, 65 years

Mr. Raghavan holds a Bachelor’s degree in Physics from

St. Stephen’s College, Delhi as well as in Electronics &

Communications Engineering from the Indian Institute of

Science, Bangalore. He joined the Indian Foreign Service in

the year 1979 and has held various diplomatic assignments

in Moscow, Warsaw (Poland), London (UK), Ho Chi Minh

City (Vietnam) and Pretoria (South Africa). He has been

the Joint Secretary in the Prime Minister’s Office dealing

with Foreign Affairs, Nuclear Energy, Space, Defence and

National Security; Secretary in the Ministry of External Affairs

and the Indian Ambassador to countries like Russia, Ireland

and Czech Republic etc. He is presently, the Convenor of

National Security Advisory Board of India of the National

Security Council Secretariat of the Government of India. He

is also on the Boards of Antrix Corporation Limited, Volzhsky

Abrasives Works, Russia and CUMI International Limited,

Cyprus.

M M Murugappan

Sanjay Jayavarthanavelu

Aroon Raman

P S Raghavan

CARBORUNDUM UNIVERSAL LIMITED

xxii

Board of Directors:

Managing Director of State

Bank of Indore. She retired as Deputy: Managing Director,

Stressed Asset Management Group of State Bank of India.

She is currently on the Boards of Ramco Systems Limited,

Sundaram Trustee Company Limited, Tamil Nadu Newsprint

& Papers Limited, Rajapalayam Mills Limited, Shanti Gears

Limited, and Bank of Baroda.

Sridharan Rangarajan, 55 years

Mr. Sridharan Rangarajan is a member of the Institute of

Chartered Accountants of India, a graduate member of the

Institute of Cost Accountants of India and holds Bachelor’s

degree in Commerce from Madurai University. He has about

30 years of overall experience in various fields like banking,

manufacturing, contracting, service and distribution

businesses. He is associated with the Murugappa Group

since June 2011 as the Chief Financial Officer of CUMI till

January 2018 after which he took over as the President and

Group CFO of the Murugappa Group. He is currently on

the Boards of Cholamandalam Financial Holdings Limited,

Cholamandalam MS General Insurance Company Limited,

Cholamandalam MS Risk Services Limited, Parry Agro

Industries Limited and Net Access India Limited. He has also

served on the Board of Timken India Limited. He joined the

Board of CUMI on 1st July 2021 as its Director - Finance &

Strategy.

N Ananthaseshan, 58 years

Mr. N Ananthaseshan holds a M.Tech degree in Material

Sciences from the Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur

and a Master’s degree in Applied Sciences from PSG

College of Technology. He has been associated with the

Company since 1986 and has over 30 years of experience

in Electrominerals & Abrasives. He was heading the

Company’s Abrasives Business since 2014 prior to which he

was heading the Electrominerals Business of the Company.

He is also a Director on the Boards of Wendt (India) Limited,

Sterling Abrasives Limited, Volzhsky Abrasive Works and

various other subsidiaries of the Company. He also serves

as the

Dear Shareholders,

I sincerely hope each one of you and

your family members are safe and

well.

CUMI’s 67th year of operations has

been a year in which the global

COVID-19 pandemic unleashed its

full wrath. All economic activities

came to a standstill at the beginning

of the year owing to the nationwide

lock-down imposed in India as well as

many parts of the world to contain

the spread of the pandemic. Although

the second half of the year seemed

like a slow return to normalcy, the

world is still going through an

unprecedented crisis. The resurgence

of the pandemic continues to not

only cause disruptions to businesses

but also been very brutal on humans.

With our hope on the vaccine efficacy,

our undeterred passion in what we

do supported by our compassion and

empathy, we at CUMI, our subsidiary

and associate companies are geared

to get through these unpredictable

times.

The

global

economic

recovery

is

expected

to

remain

below

pre-pandemic

projections

for

a

considerable

period.

Reduced

personal

interaction,

uncertainty

over the post-pandemic economic

landscape and restrained investment

are causing an economic slowdown.

Due to disruptions in the education

system, an unpredictable future of

human capital is a heightened cause

of concern. In India, the economic

growth

projections

are

already

witnessing

downward

revisions.

While the severity of the second wave

causes further concern, the targeted

lock down approach, measured

restrictions especially in industrial

production

backed

by

resilient

consumer behaviour is expected to

mitigate the impact to some extent.

The announcement of the Production

Linked Incentive (PLI) schemes and

other infrastructure spends indicated

in the Union budget are expected to

be good drivers of growth and hold

good prospects for the Company.

The slow-down in the user industries

at the start of the year 2020-21

further accentuated by the pandemic

conditions, impacted CUMI’s first

quarter performance. However, our

performance picked up pace from

the second quarter onwards. The

Company delivered a 1% growth

in consolidated revenues and 2%

growth

in

standalone

revenues

despite the challenges and volatility in

the market and operating conditions.

Improved efficiencies through Total

Productive

Maintenance

(TPM)

practices,

rigorous

and

focused

cost management efforts in raw

material and fixed costs helped the

Company increasing its profitability

at the consolidated level by 4% and

containing it on a standalone basis

with a mere 2% decline. Efficient

liquidity management backed by a

robust collection system and prudent

Chairman’s Message

CARBORUNDUM UNIVERSAL LIMITED

xxiv:

Managing Director (DIN 02402921)

Committees of the Board

Audit Committee

Sanjay Jayavarthanavelu, Chairman

Sujjain S Talwar

Aroon Raman

Soundara Kumar

Sridharan Rangarajan*

Nomination and Remuneration Committee

Sanjay Jayavarthanavelu, Chairman

Aroon Raman

P S Raghavan

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

Aroon Raman, Chairman

P S Raghavan

N Ananthaseshan

Risk Management Committee

P S Raghavan, Chairman

Aroon Raman

N Ananthaseshan

Stakeholders Relationship Committee

M M Murugappan, Chairman

P S Raghavan

Sridharan Rangarajan*

N Ananthaseshan

*w.e.f.1st July 2021

MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE

N Ananthaseshan,: Managing

Managing Director,

Mr. P Padmanabhan, Chief Financial Officer and Ms. Rekha

Surendhiran,Company Secretary are the Key Managerial Personnel of

the Company as per Section 203 of the Companies Act, 2013.

Board Meetings

During the year, seven Board Meetings were held, the details of which

are given in the Corporate Governance Report.

Board Evaluation

Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Listing

Regulations, the Board carried out an annual performance evaluation of

its own performance, the Directors individually as well as the evaluation

of the working of its various Committees as per the evaluation framework

adopted by the Board on the recommendation of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee. Structured assessment forms were used in

the overall Board evaluation comprising various aspects of the Board’s:

Managing Director’s

evaluation was based on leadership qualities, strategic planning,

communication, engagement with the Board etc.

The Chairman was also evaluated based on the key aspects of his role.

The performance evaluation of the Independent Directors was carried

out by the entire Board. The performance evaluation of the Chairman,

the Board as a whole and the Non-Independent Directors was carried

out by the Independent Directors at their separate meeting held during

the year.

During the year, the Board evaluation process transitioned to a paperless

mode with the automation of the process.

Policy on Appointment and Remuneration of Directors

Pursuant to Section 178(3) of the Companies Act, 2013, the Nomination

and Remuneration Committee of the Board has formulated the criteria

for Board nominations as well as the policy on remuneration for Directors

and employees of the Company.

The criteria for Board nominations lays down the qualification norms

in terms of personal traits, experience, background and standards for

independence besides the positive attributes required for a person to

be inducted into the Board of the Company. Criteria for induction into

Senior Management positions have also been laid down.

The Remuneration policy provides the framework for remunerating the

members of the Board, Key Managerial Personnel and other employees

of the Company. This Policy is guided by the principles and objectives

enumerated in Section 178(4) of the Companies Act, 2013 and reflects

the remuneration philosophy and principles of the Murugappa Group to

ensure reasonableness and sufficiency of remuneration to attract, retain

and motivate competent resources, a clear relationship of remuneration

to performance and a balance between rewarding short and long-term

performance of the Company. The policy lays down broad guidelines

for payment of remuneration to Executive and Non-Executive Directors

within the limits approved by the shareholders. Further details are

available in the Corporate Governance Report.

The Board Nomination criteria and the Remuneration policy are available

on the website of the Company at https://www.cumi-murugappa.

com/policies-disclosure/.

Composition of Audit Committee

The Audit Committee of the Board comprises only Independent Directors.

Mr. Sanjay Jayavarthanavelu is the Chairman and other members are

Mr. Aroon Raman, Mr. Sujjain S Talwar and Mrs. Soundara Kumar.

During the year, five Audit Committee meetings were held, the details of

which are provided in the Corporate Governance Report.

Statutory Auditors

In line with the requirements of the Companies Act, 2013, the Company,

with the approval of the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting

held on 31st July 2017, appointed M/s. Price Waterhouse Chartered

Accountants LLP (Reg. No. FRN 012754N/N500016) (PwC) as the

Statutory Auditors of the Company to hold office from the conclusion

of 63rd Annual General Meeting until the conclusion of the 68th Annual

General Meeting subject to annual ratification by the shareholders at

every AGM, if required under the relevant provisions of the Act at a

remuneration to be decided by the Board based on the recommendation

of the Audit Committee. However, as the Companies (Amendment) Act,

2017 has dispensed with the requirement of annual ratification of the

Statutory Auditor’s appointment, there is no requirement to seek an

annual ratification of their appointment this year.

As required under Regulation 33 of the Listing Regulations, the Auditors

have confirmed that they hold a valid certificate issued by the Peer

Review Board of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.

The Report given by M/s. Price Waterhouse Chartered Accountants

LLP on the Financial Statements of the Company for the year ended

31st March 2021 is provided in the financial section of the Annual Report.

There are no qualifications, reservations, adverse remarks or disclaimers

given by the Auditors in their report. During the year under review, the

Auditors have not reported any matter under Section 143(12) of the

Companies Act, 2013 and hence there are no details to be disclosed

under Section 134(3)(ca) of the Act.

Cost Auditors

Pursuant to Section 148 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with

Companies (Cost Records and Audit) Rules, 2014 and amendments

thereof, the Company is required to maintain cost accounting records

in respect of products of the Company covered under CETA categories

like Organic and Inorganic chemicals, Electrical or Electronic machinery,

Steel, Plastic and Polymers, Ores and Mineral products, other Machinery,

Base Metals etc. Further, the cost accounting records maintained by the

Company are required to be audited.

The Board, on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, had

appointed M/s. S Mahadevan & Co. (firm no. 000007), Cost Accountants,

Chennai to audit the cost accounting records maintained by the

Company under the said Rules for the FY 2020-21 on a remuneration

of `4,50,000/-. Further, they have also been appointed by the Board

to conduct the cost audit for the FY 2021-22 at the same remuneration.

The Companies Act, 2013 mandates that the remuneration payable to

the Cost Auditor is ratified by the shareholders. Accordingly, a resolution

seeking the shareholders’ ratification of the remuneration payable to the

Cost Auditor for the FY 2021-22 is included in the Notice convening the

67th Annual General Meeting.:

Managing Director and Mr. P Padmanabhan,

Chief Financial Officer has submitted a certificate to the Board on the

integrity of the Financial Statements and other matters as required

under Regulation 17(8) of the Listing Regulations.

DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBIlITY STATEMENT

Pursuant to the provisions contained in Section 134(3)(c) of the

Companies Act, 2013, the Board to the best of its knowledge and

belief and according to the information and explanations obtained by

it confirms that:

•

in the preparation of the annual accounts, for the financial year

ended 31st March 2021, applicable accounting standards have

been followed and no material departures have been made from

the same;

•

the accounting policies mentioned in Note 3 of the Notes to the

Financial Statements have been selected and applied consistently

and judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent

have been made so as to give a true and fair view of the state of

affairs of the Company at the end of the financial year and of the

profit of the Company for that period;

•

proper and sufficient care has been taken for the maintenance of

adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions

of the Companies Act, 2013 for safeguarding the assets of

the Company for preventing and detecting fraud and other

irregularities;

•

the annual accounts have been prepared on a going concern basis;

•

that internal financial controls to be followed by the Company

have been laid down and that such internal financial controls are

adequate and operating effectively;

•

proper systems have been devised to ensure compliance with

the provisions of all applicable laws and that such systems are

adequate and operating effectively.

ANNUAl RETURN

The Annual Return in Form MGT-7 is available in www.cumi.

murugappa.com.

SECRETARIAl STANDARDS

The Company is in compliance with the Secretarial Standards on

Meetings of the Board of Directors (SS-1) and Secretarial Standards on

General Meetings (SS-2).

ENERGY CONSERVATION, TECHNOlOGY ABSORPTION

AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS & OUTGO

The information on Energy Conservation, Technology Absorption,

Expenditure incurred on Research & Development and forex earnings/

outgo as required under Section 134(3)(m) of the Companies Act, 2013

read with Rule 8 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 is annexed to

and forms part of this Report (refer Annexure D).

SIGNIFICANT AND MATERIAl ORDERS PASSED BY THE

REGUlATORS OR COURTS

There are no significant and material orders passed by the regulators or

courts or tribunals impacting the going concern status of the Company

and its future operations.

PARTICUlARS OF EMPlOYEES

The information on employees and other details required to be disclosed

under Rule 5 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of

Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 is annexed to and forms part of this

Report (refer Annexure A).

Under the Company’s Employee Stock Option Scheme 2007, no Option

grants have been made since February 2012. The Employee Stock

Option Plan 2016 (ESOP 2016) was implemented in February 2017

with the approval of the shareholders and currently governs the grant

of Options to employees. No grants were made during the year under

the ESOP Plan 2016. The disclosures with respect to Options granted

under the ESOP 2007 and ESOP 2016 are contained in the Corporate

Governance Report. Further, the disclosures relating to Stock Options

as per Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employees

Benefits) Regulations, 2014 read with the circular issued by SEBI on

16th June 2015 have been provided on the Company’s website and is

available in the link https://www.cumi-murugappa.com/policies-

disclosure/. Both the ESOP Scheme 2007 and ESOP 2016 are in

compliance with the SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations,

2014.:

Managing Director

15,659,409

M.Sc (Applied Science),

M.Tech Material Science (35)

19.02.1986(e)

-

Jayan P S (60)

Executive Vice President - EMD

8,414,118

B.Sc & B.Tech (36)

30.11.1985(e)

-

Ninad M Gadgil (50)

President - Abrasives

12,767,417

BE (Electronics) & PGDBM

(Marketing) (26)

04.11.2019

Country Business

Leader - Health Care,

3M India Limited

Padmanabhan P (53)

Chief Financial Officer

6,246,347

B.Com, Grad CWA, ACA,

PGDFM (33)

01.07.1994(e)

-

Rajendran V G (51)

Senior Vice President -

Refractories and Prodorite

9,552,271

BE (Metallurgy) and PGD in

Management (32)

25.10.2017

C.O.O.- Foundry

Division, Mahindra CIE

Automotive Limited

Sivakumaran M V (49)

Vice President - EMD

5,557,480

M.Sc, MBA & M.Tech (24)

01.07.1996(e)

-

Shyam S Rao (58)

Senior Vice President -

Industrial Ceramics

9,250,655

B. Tech Metallurgy, MS Material

Science, PhD Material Science (27)

07.05.1999

Widia India Limited

Sridharan Rangarajan

(55)(c)

President- Corporate

24,507,793

B Com, ACA, Grad CWA (35)

22.06.2011

CFO, Indian Operations

- TIMKEN

Srikanth C (55)

Senior Vice President -

Marketing, Abrasives

6,681,805

BE Mechanical Engineering &

MBA Marketing (34)

05.09.1992

Cutfast Abrasives Tools

Limited

Vijayalakshmi D (55)

Vice President - Corporate

Communications

6,571,124

B.Sc Physics (32)

21.01.2010

Ogilvy Public Relations

ANNEXURE A

ANNEXURES TO THE DIRECTORS’ REPORT

All information furnished in the annexures relates to Carborundum Universal Limited, India as a standalone entity:

Managing Director). Hence, the details required

under Rule 5(3) (viii) is not applicable.

e)

Date of joining as graduate engineer trainee / management trainee.

f)

The remuneration details are for the year 2020-21 and all other particulars are

as on 31st March 2021.

g)

None of the employees of the Company other than those listed above were in

receipt of remuneration for the FY 2020-21 in excess of Rupees one crore and

two lakh per year or eight lakh and fifty thousand rupees per month.

C.

The details of remuneration during the year 2020-21 as per

Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration

of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 as amended by the

Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial

Personnel) Amendment Rules, 2016 are as follows:

(i)

Ratio of remuneration of each Director to the median remuneration

of the employees of the Company for the financial year:

Name

Designation

Ratio

Mr. M M Murugappan

Chairman

19.56

Mr. Sanjay Jayavarthanavelu Independent Director

2.97

Mr. Aroon Raman

Independent Director

3.49

Mr. P S Raghavan

Independent Director

4.18

Mr. Sujjain S Talwar

Independent Director

2.99

Mrs. Soundara Kumar

Independent Director

2.99

Mr. N Ananthaseshan: Managing Director

29.26

(ii) Percentage increase in the remuneration of each Director, Chief

Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Company Secretary in the

financial year:

Name

Designation

Increase (%)

Mr. M M Murugappan

Managing Director

2

2

3.

Provide the web-link where Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by the board are disclosed on the website of the company: https://www.cumi-murugappa.

com.

4.

Impact assessment on CSR Projects

Though the Company is not required to conduct a formal impact assessment of its CSR projects, the activities which

are on an ongoing project continue to be part of its overall CSR programmes only after due assessment is undertaken.

The expansion of the skill development centre from Hosur to areas such as Ranipet, Cochin over the last few years is a

testimony to this effect. The Company recognises growth to be inclusive and undertakes a lot of community initiatives

in and around its plant activities which necessarily does not form part of this report. Initiatives through implementing

agencies are also undertaken only basis an assessment of the local requirements.

5. Details of the amount available for set off in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 7 of the Companies (Corporate Social responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 and amount required for set off for the

financial year, if any: Not applicable

Sl.No.

Financial Year

Amount available for set-off from preceding financial years (in `)

Amount required to be setoff for the financial year, if any (in `)

Not applicable

6.

Average net profit of the Company as per Section 135(5)

`2087.83 million

7.

(a) Two percent of average net profit of the company

(b) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or

activities of the previous financial years

(c) Amount required to be set off for the financial year, if any

(d) Total CSR obligation (7a+7b-7c)

`41.76 million

Nil

The Company has not considered the surplus CSR spends made in the FY preceding the year 2020-21.

`41.76 million:

Managing Director

Aroon Raman

Chairman - CSR Committee

On behalf of the Board:

Managing Director

(b) Details of the BR head

No.

Particulars

Abrasives

Ceramics

Refractories & Prodorite

Electrominerals

1.

DIN

NA

NA

NA

NA

2.

Name

Ninad Gadgil

Shyam S Rao

V G Rajendran

P S Jayan

3.

Designation

President-Abrasives

EVP - Industrial

Ceramics

Senior VP - Refractories &

Prodorite

EVP - Electrominerals

4.

Telephone number

+91-44-30006161

5.

E-mail ID

cumibrr@cumi.murugappa.com

2. Principle-wise (as per NVGs) BR Policy/policies

(a) Details of compliance

No.

Questions

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

i.

Do you have a policy/policies for

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

ii.

Has the policy been formulated in consultation with the relevant

stakeholders?

The policy(ies) has been framed keeping in mind the interests of the

stakeholders at large.

iii.

Does the policy conform to any national/international

standards?

Various practises/processes emanating out of the policy(ies) conform to

national/international standards.

iv.

Has the policy been approved by the Board? If yes, has it been

signed by MD/owner/CEO/appropriate Board Director?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

v.

Does the Company have a specified committee of the Board/

Director/Official to oversee the implementation of the policy?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

vi.

Indicate the link for the policy to be viewed online?

https://www.cumi-murugappa.com/policies-disclosure/

vii.

Has the policy been formally communicated to all relevant

internal and external stakeholders?

The policy(ies) has been disseminated on the Intranet as well as on the

website of the Company.

viii.

Does the Company have in-house structure to implement the

policy/policies?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

ix.

Does the Company have a grievance redressal mechanism

related to the policy/policies to address stakeholders’ grievances

related to the policy/policies?

The individual policies by and large prescribe a grievance redressal

mechanism for the stakeholders concerned. Wherever, the individual

policies do not explicitly state the grievance redressal mechanism,

grievances can be addressed to cumibrr@cumi.murugappa.com.

x.

Has the Company carried out independent audit/evaluation of

the working of this policy by an internal or external agency?

The Internal Auditors of the Company review the implementation of

policies from time to time. The Company’s various factories have been

subject to audit by external certification agencies. No dedicated Business

Responsibility audit has been conducted.

(b) If answer to the question at serial number 2(a)(i) against any principle is ‘No’, please explain why: Not applicable

No. Questions

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

i.

The Company has not understood the Principles

Not applicable

ii.

The Company is not at a stage where it finds itself in a position

to formulate and implement the policies on specified principles

iii.

The Company does not have financial or manpower resources

available for the task

iv.

It is planned to be done within next 6 months

v.

It is planned to be done within the next 1 year

vi.

Any other reason (please specify)

• Company Overview • Management Reports • Financial Statements:

letter and spirit. This manual prepared with a

view to give clarity on ethical issues, maintaining transparency in

all dealings and practice ethics in a dynamic business environment

is required to be adhered by all employees. The Company’s Code

of Conduct, Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading,

Diversity policy, Policy on prevention of sexual harassment, ethical

guidelines on stakeholder dealing, Whistle Blower policy which

are also enshrined in the Right Path serve as a guiding norm in

matters relating to ethics, anti-bribery and anti-corruption for all

employees. The anti-bribery clauses are made part of its contractual

arrangements with suppliers, vendors etc. The Company has also

put in place transparent processes for dealing with confidential

and sensitive information of the Company, legitimate purposes for

which it can be shared and the manner to conduct enquiry in case

of a violation etc. beyond the mandate of law.

The Company has a policy to do business with suppliers/contractors

and others who are aligned with its value systems. Appropriate due

diligence is exercised while selecting them. An annual confirmation

to the Company’s Code of Conduct is sought from employees to

continuously reinforce the commitment to ethical practices. In the

past, the Company has been conferred the prestigious Golden

Peacock Award in Corporate Ethics and also awarded the Golden

Peacock Award for Corporate Governance in due recognition of its

governance practices during the year 2017-18.

During the year, a dedicated programme “Say it Right” has been

launched across the Company to sensitise all the employees on

the fundamentals of ethical communication in all their dealings/

operations and the guidelines to be adhered in this regard. The

Company is also in the process of creating e-modules for a greater

reach across its employees. The: Managing

letter and spirit of the law and its own demanding levels of business

ethics. CUMI considers Corporate Governance as the cornerstone for

sustained superior performance and for serving all its stakeholders. The

Company’s continuing contribution to the society through meaningful

Corporate Social Responsibility initiatives, be it direct initiatives through

the CUMI Skill Development Centre or indirect initiatives through

contributions to eligible implementing agencies in the core sectors of

health & education, plays a significant role in its governance initiatives.

The entire process begins with the functioning of the Board of Directors,

with leading professionals and experts serving as Independent

Directors and representing in various Board Committees. During the

year, the Company had to deal with unprecedented challenges owing

to COVID-19. The various measures undertaken by the Company to

combat the pandemic and yet carry on its operations in the interest of

its stakeholders with utmost safety reinforces commitment to our core

values, sustainability and governance principles.

The Company has always believed in and practices the highest standards

of Corporate Governance since its inception and considers that sound

governance practices are crucial for its smooth and efficient operations

as well as its ability to attract investments, balancing the interests of

all its stakeholders and providing shareholder value. The behaviour

and ethics of an organisation are considered to be two defining

characteristics of any company critical to not only successful leadership

but also in ensuring long term sustainability. Even during challenging

times as these, the Management continues to rededicate itself to

simple principles of behavioural ethics, standing by its conviction of

purpose and sustainability. CUMI’s ethical and responsible behaviour

complements its corporate culture which is guided by the following

norm:

“The fundamental principle of economic activity is that no man you

transact with will lose; then you shall not.”

The Corporate Governance philosophy of the Company is driven by the

fundamental principles of:

• Adhering to the governance standards beyond the: letter of law;

• Maintaining transparency and high degree of disclosure levels;

• Maintaining a clear distinction between personal and corporate

interest;

• Having a transparent corporate structure driven by business needs;

and

• Ensuring compliance with applicable laws.

The above principles not only enables leading from the front during

crisis severe as the COVID-19 but also provides the leadership with

cautious optimism and confidence to not only survive these tough times

but emerge stronger.

The Company’s constant endeavour for corporate excellence has been

well recognised through incessant awards and accolades reiterating

its commitment to governance standards. CUMI has already been the

recipient of the coveted Golden Peacock awards in Corporate Ethics

and Corporate Governance in the past years. The Company’s Annual

Report for the FY 2018-19 which had earlier won the prestigious

ICAI award for excellence in financial reporting in manufacturing and

trading sector was also selected by the South Asian Federation of

Accountants conferring the Certificate of Merit in the Manufacturing

Sector category for the second time. These recognitions stand testimony

to the Company’s strong ethics, Corporate Governance and excellence

in financial reporting.

The Company strives to make sustainable efforts in recognition for its

governance initiatives and processes.

2. BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The Board being aware of its fiduciary role, recognises its responsibilities

towards all stakeholders and upholds highest standards of governance

in all matters concerning the Company. It has empowered responsible

persons to implement its broad policies and guidelines besides setting

up adequate review processes.

The Board provides strategic guidance on affairs of the Company

in addition to reviewing the performance and monitoring the

implementation of plans periodically. The Independent

Managing Director

4(1)

6

3(1)

7

Yes

89,387

(a)

Excluding Alternate Directorships and Directorships in Foreign companies, Private companies (which are not subsidiary or holding company of a Public company) and Section 8

companies;

(b)

Only Audit & Stakeholders Relationship Committee of Public companies;

(c)

Inter-se relationship between Directors - Nil;

(d)

Shareholding of Directors represents the shares held by them in individual capacity including as karta of a HUF and excluding shares held as Trustees.

*Resigned with effect from 2nd February 2021

The names of listed entities where the Directors hold directorship (excluding the Company) is given below:

Name of the Director

Company Name

Category

M M Murugappan

(MMM)

Cholamandalam Financial Holdings Limited

Non-Executive and

Non-Independent Chairman

Cholamandalam MS General Insurance Company Limited (Debt Listed)

Cyient Limited

Non-Executive and

Non-Independent Director

Sanjay

Jayavarthanavelu

(SJ)

Lakshmi Machine Works Limited

Chairman and: Managing Director

Super Sales India Limited

Non-Executive and

Non-Independent

letter of

appointment is given to him/her, along with a Directors’ handbook

which inter alia explains the role, function, duties and responsibilities

expected of him / her as a Director of the Company. The handbook also

enumerates the list of compliance obligations and other disclosures

required from the Director under the Companies Act, Listing Regulations

and other relevant regulations. Newly inducted Audit Committee

members are provided with an Audit Committee manual which broadly

covers the regulatory scenario in India, current practices in the Company,

Indian and global best practices etc. These handbooks are updated

periodically for regulatory as well as policy changes and updated copies

of the handbooks are provided to all the Directors. Further, the Code

of Conduct which includes the values, principles and beliefs guiding

the Company as well as the duties and responsibilities of the Directors

including that of an Independent Director is given to the Director at

the time of induction which is affirmed annually. In addition, the Board

members have an opportunity and access to interact with the Senior

Management any time they wish to.

By way of an introduction to the Company, the newly inducted Director

is presented with a corporate dossier which traces the Company’s history

over 60 years of its existence and gives a glimpse of value chain of its

products. The: Managing

Managing Director.

Composition & Meetings

The Committee comprises two Independent Directors and the Managing

Director as its members. The Management Committee members are

invited to the meetings. The Committee met on two occasions during

the year on 6th June 2020 and 28th October 2020. The composition of the

Committee and attendance of members are as follows:

Name of Member

No. of meetings attended

(No. of meetings held)

Aroon Raman (Chairman)

2 (2)

P S Raghavan

2 (2)

N Ananthaseshan

2(2)

4. DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION

4.1 Policy

The ability to attract and retain talented and quality resources is a

significant characteristic of any successful organisation. The Company’s

Remuneration policy formulated by the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee provides the framework for remuneration of the Board

members as well as all employees including the Key Managerial

Personnel and Senior Management. This policy is guided by the

principles and objectives enumerated in Section 178 of the Companies

Act, 2013 and the Listing Regulations to ensure reasonableness and

sufficiency of remuneration to attract, retain and motivate competent

resources, establish a clear relationship of remuneration to performance

and a balance between rewarding short and long-term performance.

The compensation of an Executive Director comprises a fixed component

and a performance incentive based on certain pre-agreed parameters.

The compensation is determined based on levels of responsibility and

scales prevailing in the industry. The Executive Director is not paid sitting

fees for any Board / Committee meetings attended by him. He is eligible

for employee Stock Options. Equity based compensation is considered

to be an integral part of employee compensation across various

sectors which enables alignment of personal goals of employees with

organisational objectives. The summary of the Stock Options granted to

Mr. N Ananthaseshan is given in this Report. No fresh grants were made

to Mr. N Ananthaseshan under the ESOP Scheme 2007 or ESOP 2016

during the year.

The compensation to the Non-Executive Directors takes the form of

commission on profit. Though shareholders have approved payment

of commission up to 1 per cent of net profit of the Company for each

year, the actual commission paid to the Directors is restricted to a fixed

sum within the above limit. This sum is reviewed periodically taking into

consideration various factors such as performance of the Company, time

spent by the Directors for attending to the affairs and business of the

Company and extent of responsibilities cast on Directors under general

laws and other relevant factors.

In keeping with the evolving trends in industry, the practice of paying

differential commission to Directors based on the time and efforts

spent by them has also been adopted. Given the size and nature of

its operations and also the rich experience that Mr. M M Murugappan

possesses in the field of engineering, a considerable amount of time

is spent by him in connection with the operations of the Company.

Apart from playing an active role in guiding and advising on matters

connected with strategy and management, he spends considerable time

on developing / managing relationships with the Company’s business

partners both in India and overseas. The Chairman also plays an active

role in matters connected with CUMI’s organisation culture which is

critical for the Company to deliver superior performance besides devoting

time for technology related issues impacting the Company. Further, the

Chairman spends a lot of time participating in various events, conclaves

and functions of Industry bodies, Academic Institutions and interactions

with high level State Authorities in India and globally representing the

Company. Under his chairmanship, the Company has grown globally

from `4060 million to over `26000 million.

Mr. P S Raghavan, Independent Director is on the Boards of CUMI

International Limited, Cyprus and Volzhsky Abrasive Works, Russia,

material subsidiaries of the Company based on the Board’s nomination.

Considering the increased time and efforts spent by Mr. P S Raghavan in

matters pertaining to the Company’s material subsidiaries, a differential

commission for the FY 2020-21 is proposed to be paid to him.

The Non-Executive Directors are also paid sitting fees within the limits

prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013 for every Board / Committee

meeting attended by them.

4.2 Remuneration for FY 2020-21

Non-Executive Directors ` million

Name

Sitting Fees

Commission @

M M Murugappan

0.47

10.00

Sanjay Jayavarthanavelu

0.59

1.00

Aroon Raman

0.87

1.00

M A M Arunachalam*

0.29

0.84

P S Raghavan

0.74

1.50

Sujjain S Talwar

0.60

1.00

Soundara Kumar

0.60

1.00

Total

4.16

16.34

@ will be paid after adoption of accounts by shareholders at the 67th Annual

General Meeting.

* resigned from the Board effective closing hours of 2nd February 2021.:

Managing Director ` million

Particulars

N Ananthaseshan

Fixed Component

Salary & Allowances

10.15

Retirement benefits*

1.96

Perquisites

0.04

Variable Component

Incentive(a)

3.51

*includes contribution to National Pension System of PFRDA.

(a) Represents incentive paid during the financial year 2020-21 in respect of

the financial year 2019-20.

(b) As per the terms of his remuneration, the: Managing Director is eligible

for an annual incentive based on a balanced scorecard which comprises

Company financials, Company scorecard and personal objectives. For the

financial year 2020-21, a sum of `3.97 million has been provided in the

accounts for this purpose payable to Mr. N Ananthaseshan. The actual

amount will be decided by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee in

August 2021.

(c) With respect to Employee Stock Options granted to the Employees under

Employee Stock Option Scheme 2007 and Employee Stock Option Plan

2016, the Options are accounted based on fair value, as prescribed by

the Indian Accounting Standards (IND AS).

(d) No Employee Stock Options (ESOP) were granted to Mr. N Ananthaseshan

under the Employee Stock Option Scheme 2007 (grants discontinued

since February 2012) and Employee Stock Option Plan 2016 during the

year.

The details of Options granted to and held by Mr. N Ananthaseshan under

the Company’s Employee Stock Option Scheme 2007 and Employee Stock

Option Plan 2016 are given below:

Particulars

Employee Stock Option

Scheme 2007

Employee Stock Option

Plan 2016

29-Sep-07(i)

27-Jan-11(ii)

4-Feb-17(iii)

31-Jul-19(iii)

Options granted

121,800

78,600

93,120

111,528

Options vested

105,966

62,880

93,120

55,764

Options cancelled

15,834

15,720

-

-

Options lapsed

-

-

-

-

Options exercised

105,966

62,880

1,500

-

Options

outstanding

-

-

91,620

111,528

Exercise Price

91.80

125.08

257.55

317.70

(i) The first vesting is exercisable over a period of three years from the date of vesting.

The second, third and fourth vesting are exercisable over a period of 6 years from

the date of vesting.

(ii) The Options are exercisable over a period of three years from the date of vesting.

(iii) The Options are exercisable over a period of five years from the date of vesting.

5. GENERAl BODY MEETINGS

5.1 last three Annual General Meetings

Financial

Year

Date

Time

Venue

2017-2018

03.08.2018

3.00 PM

TTK Auditorium, Music Academy,

168 (Old No. 306) TTK Road,

Royapettah, Chennai 600014

2018-2019

31.07.2019

Financial

Year

Date

Time

Venue

2019-2020

29.07.2020 3.00 PM AGM conducted through Video

Conferencing (‘VC’)/Other Audio

Visual Means (‘OAVM‘)

5.2 Special Resolutions passed during the last three Annual

General Meetings

Sl.

No.

Item of business

Passed on

1.

Approval of remuneration by way of commission

payable to Non-Executive Directors of the

Company for a period of five financial years.

03.08.2018

2.

Approval of offer / invitation to subscribe to

Non-Convertible Debentures up to `2500

million on Private Placement basis..

03.08.2018

3.

Re-appointment of Mr. Aroon Raman as an

Independent Director.

31.07.2019

4.

Re-appointment of Mr. Sanjay Jayavarthanavelu

as an Independent Director.

31.07.2019

5.

Approval for payment of commission to

Mr. M M Murugappan.

31.07.2019

6.

Approval for payment of commission to

Mr. M M Murugappan.

29.07.2020

5.3 Postal Ballot

During the year, there were no resolutions passed through postal ballot

and as at the year end, there are no proposals to pass special resolutions

through postal ballot except those requiring to be passed pursuant to

the Companies Act, 2013 / Listing Regulations which will be done after

providing adequate notice to the shareholders.

6. WHISTlE BlOWER POlICY/VIGIl MECHANISM

The Company has established a whistle blower mechanism to provide an

avenue to raise concerns, if any, in line with the Company’s commitment

to high standards of ethical, moral and legal conduct of business. The

mechanism also provides for adequate safeguards against victimisation

of employees who avail of the mechanism and also for appointment

of an Ombudsperson who will deal with the complaints received. The

policy also lays down the process to be followed for dealing with

complaints and in exceptional cases, also provides for direct appeal to

the Chairperson of the Audit Committee. In line with the requirements of

the Companies Act, 2013, the policy coverage extends to the Directors of

the Company and the Ombudsman for dealing with any referrals made

by Board members is the

Managing Director and Mr. P Padmanabhan,

Chief Financial Officer have given a certificate to the Board on matters

relating to financial reporting, compliance with relevant statutes and

adequacy of internal control systems as contemplated in Regulation

17(8) read with Part B of Schedule II of the Listing Regulations.

13. PRACTISING COMPANY SECRETARY’S CERTIFICATE

ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

A certificate from M/s. R Sridharan & Associates, Practising Company

Secretaries, Chennai on compliance with Corporate Governance

requirements is annexed.

14. PRACTISING COMPANY SECRETARY’S CERTIFICATE

ON THE DIRECTOR’S DISQUAlIFICATION

A certificate from M/s. R Sridharan & Associates, Practising Company

Secretaries, Chennai confirming that none of the Directors of the

Company have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or

continuing as Directors by the Securities and Exchange Board of India /

Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such statutory authority is annexed

and forms part of this Report.

15. GENERAl SHAREHOlDER INFORMATION

A separate section in this regard is annexed and forms part of this

Report.

16. SHAREHOlDERS SATISFACTION SURVEY

An online survey is posted on the Company’s website at the following

link https://www.cumi-murugappa.com/survey/index.php.

Shareholders who have not yet submitted the survey can go to the

above link and take part in the survey. We request the shareholders who

have not yet participated in the survey to use this link and provide us

their valuable feedback.

17. INSTRUCTIONS TO SHAREHOlDERS

Shareholders holding shares in physical form are requested to address

their communications regarding change in address/contact details by

quoting their folio number to the Company’s Registrar and Share Transfer

Agent (RTA) or to the Company by e-mailing to investorservices@cumi.

murugappa.com. Shareholders holding shares in electronic form may

send the communications regarding the above to their Depository

Participant.

The Ministry of Corporate Affairs vide circulars dated 5th May 2020 and

13th January 2021 has relaxed the requirement for companies to send

Annual Report in physical mode owing to the practical difficulties arising

from COVID-19. Accordingly, an electronic copy of the Annual Report is

being sent to all the Members holding shares in dematerialised mode

and whose e-mail IDs are available with the Depository Participant(s)

and to all the Members holding shares in physical mode whose

e-mail IDs are registered with the Company / RTA for communication

purposes. Shareholders holding shares in physical mode are

requested to furnish their e-mail addresses with Company’s Registrar

and Share Transfer Agent (RTA) or to the Company by e-mailing to

investorservices@cumi.murugappa.com for obtaining the Notice and

the Annual Report. Alternatively, the same will also be made available

on the website of the Company at https://www.cumi-murugappa.

com. Detailed information on registration of e-mail addresses with the

Company/RTA is provided in the Notice convening the 67th AGM.

Shareholders are encouraged to avail nomination facility and approach

the RTA or their Depository Participant in this regard.

Shareholders are requested to register their e-mail ID with the RTA /

Depository Participant to enable the Company to send communications

electronically.

Members are advised to intimate the details of their PAN and bank

account details to enable electronic remittance of dividend or

alternatively for being incorporated in the dividend warrants. This would

help to avoid fraudulent encashment of dividend warrants.

In case of Members holding shares in physical form, all intimations are

to be sent to KFin Technologies Private Limited, (Unit: Carborundum

Universal Limited), Selenium Tower B, Plot 31 & 32, Financial District,

Nanakramguda, Serilingampally Mandal, Hyderabad - 500 032, the RTA

of the Company.

Members may note that pursuant to SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) (Fourth Amendment) Regulations, 2018

effective 1st April 2019, requests for effecting transfer of securities in

physical form shall not be processed unless the securities are held in

the dematerialised form with a Depository. Members would be able to

transfer their shares only after necessarily dematerialising their physical

shares. Hence, Members are encouraged to dematerialise their physical

holdings to demat form at the earliest. As per the mandate of SEBI, the

Company is required to conduct enhanced due diligence for transactions

in physical folios of shareholders.

Members are also requested to note that pursuant to an amendment

in the Finance Act, 2020, with effect from 1st April 2020, dividends

declared by the Company will be taxed in the hands of the recipient

of dividend i.e. shareholders. Hence, all dividends declared after

1st April 2020 by the Company have been paid/will be paid to the

Members after deducting tax at the applicable rate prescribed under

the Income Tax Act, 1961. Members may note that in the absence of

PAN, the Company would be required to deduct tax at a higher rate

prescribed under the Income Tax Act, 1961. Hence, Members who have

not furnished their PAN to the Company are requested to immediately

submit a copy of their PAN to the Company. Members seeking non-

deduction of tax on their dividends may submit Form 15G / 15H as

applicable to the Company on a yearly basis. The formats of Form 15G:

Managing Director

and Company Secretary. However, transfer of shares in physical mode is

prohibited effective April 01, 2019 pursuant to SEBI notification dated

June 08, 2018. In respect of transmission of shares, all requests are

considered for approval by the Stakeholders Relationship Committee.

As stated in the Corporate Governance Report, Members holding shares

in physical form are urged to dematerialise the shares as they would be

unable to transfer the shares in physical form hereafter in view of the

requirements prescribed in this regard by SEBI.

4. Unclaimed Shares

Particulars

No. of

share

holders

No. of

shares

Aggregate number of shareholders and the

outstanding shares lying in the Unclaimed

Suspense Account at the beginning of the year

111

185,810

Number of shareholders whose shares have

been transferred during the year from the

Unclaimed Suspense Account to the Investor

Education and Protection Fund Authority

pursuant to Section 124(6) of the Companies

Act, 2013*

5

6,400

Number of shareholders who approached

the Company for transfer of shares from the

Unclaimed Suspense Account during the year in

response to the Company’s reminders**

4

6,120

Number of shareholders to whom shares were

transferred from the Unclaimed Suspense

Account during the year

2

2,160

Aggregate number of shareholders and the

outstanding shares lying in the Unclaimed

Suspense Account at the end of the year

104

177,250

*In respect of the shares transferred to the Investor Education and Protection Fund

Authority, shareholders are entitled to claim these shares from the Investor Education and

Protection Fund Authority by making an application in form IEPF-5 available on website

http://www.iepf.gov.in/IEPF/corporates.html along with the requisite documents after

complying with the prescribed procedure.

** The Stakeholders Relationship Committee had approved transfer of 3,960 shares from

the unclaimed suspense account to the Demat Account of the Claimants on 31st March

2021 and the Company has since then transferred shares to the claimants' account.

On receipt of a claim for transfer from the Unclaimed Suspense Account,

the Company will after verification, either credit the shares to the

shareholder’s demat account or deliver the physical certificate after

rematerialising the same, as opted by the shareholder.

All corporate benefits in terms of securities accruing on these shares like

bonus shares, sub-division, etc. will also be credited to the Unclaimed

Suspense Account and the voting rights on these shares will remain

frozen until the claim is made by the rightful owner.

5. AGM & Dividend details

(i) Forthcoming Annual General Meeting

Monday, the 2nd August 2021 at 3.00 P.M. IST through video

conferencing/other audio visual means.

(ii) Dividend

The Board at its meeting held on 2nd February 2021 had approved

payment of an interim dividend on the equity shares of the Company

at 150% i.e., `1.50/- per equity share which was paid on 26th February

2021. The Board at its meeting held on 28th April 2021 has further

recommended a payment of final dividend at 150% i.e., `1.50/- per

equity share for the year ended 31st March 2021. The final dividend

will be paid by Tuesday, 24th August 2021 upon declaration by the

shareholders at the ensuing Annual General Meeting.:

Managing Director:

Managing Director

26/04/2019

3.

00004505 Sanjay

Jayavarthanavelu

Non-Executive -

Independent Director

27/01/2010

4.

00201205 Aroon Raman

Non-Executive -

Independent Director

30/10/2013

5.

07812320 P S Raghavan

Non-Executive -

Independent Director

09/05/2017

6.

01756539 Sujjain S Talwar

Non-Executive -

Independent Director

09/05/2017

7.

01974515 Soundara Kumar

Non-Executive -

Independent Director

03/08/2019

Ensuring the eligibility of, every Director on the Board, for their

appointment/ continuity is the responsibility of the management of the

Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the samebased

on our verification. This certificate is neither an assurance as to the future

viability of the Company nor efficiency or effectiveness with which the

management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For R Sridharan & Associates

Company Secretaries

CS R Sridharan

CP No. 3239

FCS No. 4775

Chennai

UIN: S2003TN063400

April 28, 2021

UDIN: F004775B000318990

Certificate of Non-Disqualification of Directors

[Pursuant to Regulation 34 (3) read with Schedule V Para-C Sub clause (10) (i) of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015]

• Company Overview • Management Reports • Financial Statements:

Managing Director

Rekha Surendhiran

Company Secretary

On behalf of the Board

Particulars

Notes

As at

31.03.2021

As at

31.03.2020

ASSETS

Non-current assets

(a) Property, plant and equipment

4A

6041.23

5907.22

(b) Right-of-use assets

4B

338.53

214.70

(c) Capital work-in-progress

4C

280.24

386.48

(d) Goodwill

5A

1297.69

1330.37

(e) Other Intangible assets

5B

93.86

31.42

(f) Investment accounted for using the equity method

(i) Investments in Associate

6A

537.68

548.89

(ii) Investments in Joint Ventures

6B

620.43

612.78

(g) Financial assets

(i) Investments

6C(i)

112.39

50.08

(ii) Other financial assets

7A

147.86

146.29

(h) Deferred tax assets (net)

8A

129.11

91.72

(i) Other Non-current assets

9A

192.29

195.40

Total Non-current assets

9791.31

9515.35

Current assets

(a) Inventories

10

4605.19

5076.24

(b) Financial assets

(i) Other Investments

6C(ii)

-

675.14

(ii) Trade receivables

11

4776.16

4015.56

(iii) Cash and Cash equivalents

12A

4783.27

2920.55

(iv) Bank balances other than (iii) above

12B

2106.19

19.22

(v) Other Financial assets

7B

78.84

66.20

(c) Other Current assets

9B

744.05

628.48

Total current assets

17093.70

13401.39

Total Assets

26885.01

22916.74

EQUITY AND lIABIlITIES

Equity

(a) Equity share capital

13

189.59

189.41

(b) Other equity

14

21125.08

18394.14

Equity attributable to owners of the Company

21314.67

18583.55

Non-controlling interests

15

464.23

455.41

Total Equity

21778.90

19038.96

Non-current liabilities

(a) Financial liabilities

(i) Borrowings

16

49.83

42.26

(ii) Lease liabilities

4B

170.94

58.30

(b) Provisions

17A

128.13

112.69

(c) Deferred tax liabilities (net)

8B

96.40

132.59

Total Non-current liabilities

445.30

345.84

Current liabilities

(a) Financial liabilities

(i) Borrowings

18

355.42

552.96

(ii) Lease liabilities

4B

41.03

28.71

(iii) Trade payables

(a) total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises

19

31.75

15.96

(b) total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small enterprises

19

2999.31

1938.03

(iv) Other financial liabilities

20

789.35

564.60

(b) Provisions

17B

216.34

175.65

(c) Other current liabilities

21

227.61

256.03

Total Current liabilities

4660.81

3531.94

Total liabilities

5106.11

3877.78

Total Equity and liabilities

26885.01

22916.74

See accompanying notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements:

Managing Director

Rekha Surendhiran

Company Secretary

On behalf of the Board

Consolidated Statement of Profit and loss

(in Indian Rupees million, unless otherwise stated)

S.No.

Particulars

Notes

For the year

2020-21

2019-20

I

Revenue from Operations

22

26317.08

25989.69

II

Other Income

23

313.95

450.06

III

Total Income

26631.03

26439.75

IV

Expenses

Cost of material consumed

7567.75

8248.21

Purchase of stock-in-trade

741.03

916.64

Changes in inventories of finished goods, stock-in-trade and work-in-progress

24

669.48

(295.35)

Employee benefit expense

25

3470.37

3448.30

Finance costs

26

35.82

63.25

Depreciation and amortisation expense

27

994.50

1045.21

Other expenses

28

9212.65

9685.87

Total expenses (IV)

22691.60

23112.13

V

Profit from operations before exceptional items and share of profit of equity accounted

investees and income tax [III] - [IV]

3939.43

3327.62

VI

Share of profit of Associate (net of tax)

6A

49.64

39.97

VII

Share of profit of Joint Ventures (net of tax)

6B

101.28

137.74

VIII

Profit before exceptional items and tax [V] + [VI] + [VII]

4090.35

3505.33

IX

Exceptional items (net)

29

(144.03)

-

X

Profit before tax [VIII]+[IX]

3946.32

3505.33

XI

Tax expense

(1) Current tax

30A

1089.93

966.68

(2) Deferred tax

8

(74.28)

(211.19)

Total tax [XI]

1015.65

755.49

XII

Profit for the year [X]-[XI]

2930.67

2749.84

XIII

Other Comprehensive Income [OCI]

A

(i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

(a) Remeasurement of the defined benefit plans

28.87

(125.79)

(b) Equity instruments through other comprehensive income

46.25

(51.13)

(c) Share of OCI in Associate and Joint Ventures, to the extent not to be reclassified to profit or loss

(0.11)

(5.22)

(ii) Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

30B

-

-

75.01

(182.14)

B

(i) Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss

(a) Exchange differences in translating the financial statements of foreign operations

50.31

(383.74)

(b) Effective portion of gain and loss on designated portion of hedging instruments in a cash flow

hedge

6.89

(8.66)

(c) Share of OCI in Associate and Joint Ventures, to the extent that will be reclassified to profit or loss

(1.24)

6.70

(ii) Income tax relating to items that will be reclassified to profit or loss

30B

(1.73)

2.32

54.23

(383.38)

Total Other Comprehensive Income [XIII]

129.24

(565.52)

XIV

Total Comprehensive Income [XII]+[XIII]

3059.91

2184.32

Profit for the year attributable to : [XII]

2930.67

2749.84

- Owners of the Company

2843.09

2724.17

- Non-Controlling Interest

87.58

25.67

Other Comprehensive Income : [XIII]

129.24

(565.52)

- Owners of the Company

127.50

(561.73)

- Non-Controlling Interest

1.74

(3.79)

Total Comprehensive Income : [XIV]

3059.91

2184.32

- Owners of the Company

2970.59

2162.44

- Non-Controlling Interest

89.32

21.88

XV

Earnings per share (`1 each) on Profit for the year [XII]

31

- Basic

15.01

14.39

- Diluted

14.99

14.38

See accompanying notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements

• Company Overview • Management Reports • Financial Statements:

Managing Director

P Padmanabhan

Chief Financial Officer

Rekha Surendhiran

Company Secretary

For Price Waterhouse Chartered Accountants llP

Firm Registration Number: 012754N/N500016

Chartered Accountants

Subramanian Vivek, Partner

Membership Number: 100332

Chennai

April 28,2021

In terms of our report attached

On behalf of the Board

B. Statement of changes in other equity - Refer Note: 14 & 15

Balance as at March 31, 2019

189.15

Changes in equity share capital during the year

Shares issued against ESOP Scheme/Plan

0.26

Balance as at March 31, 2020

189.41

Changes in equity share capital during the year

Shares issued against ESOP Scheme/Plan

0.18

Balance as at March 31, 2021

189.59

Particulars

Reserves and Surplus - Refer Note: 14A

Items of Other Comprehensive Income

- Refer Note 14B

Attributable

to owners of

the parent -

Refer Note:14

Non-

controlling

interest

[NCI] -

Refer Note:

15

Total

Profit on

Forfeiture

of Shares /

Warrants

Capital

redemption

reserve

Capital

reserve on

consolidation

Securities

premium

General

Reserve

Share

options

outstanding

account

Retained

Earnings

Reserve

for equity

instruments

Effective

portion of

Cash flow

hedge

Foreign

currency

translation

reserve

Revaluation

surplus

(a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

(e)

(f)

(g)

(h)

(i)

(j)

(k)

Balance at the beginning of the year - March 31, 2019

6.03

27.68

750.33

254.11

7230.94

46.69

8734.26

26.61

1.54

(50.06)

23.74

17051.87

523.10

17574.97

Profit for the year

2724.17

2724.17

25.67

2749.84

Other Comprehensive income for the year

(129.76)

(51.13)

(3.80)

(377.04)

(561.73)

(3.79)

(565.52)

Total Comprehensive income for the year

-

-

-

-

-

-

2594.41

(51.13)

(3.80)

(377.04)

-

2162.44

21.88

2184.32

Additions during the year

65.61

34.45

16.06

116.12

116.12

Final dividend paid during the year

(236.51)

(236.51)

(236.51)

Dividend tax on Final dividend paid during the year

(30.31)

(30.31)

(30.31)

Interim dividend paid during the year

(520.75)

(520.75)

(520.75)

Dividend tax paid during the year

(100.84)

(100.84)

(100.84)

Dividend tax paid by Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures

(47.88)

(47.88)

(47.88)

Transfer to General reserve

500.00

(500.00)

-

-

Dividend paid to NCI and its relevant tax

-

-

(80.95)

(80.95)

Translation impact on foreign subsidiaries NCI portion

-

-

(8.62)

(8.62)

Balance at the end of the year - March 31, 2020

6.03

27.68

815.94

288.56

7730.94

62.75

9892.38

(24.52)

(2.26)

(427.10)

23.74

18394.14

455.41

18849.55

Profit for the year

2843.09

2843.09

87.58

2930.67

Other Comprehensive income for the year

29.09

46.25

3.10

49.07

127.51

1.74

129.25

Total Comprehensive income for the year

-

-

-

-

-

-

2872.18

46.25

3.10

49.07

-

2970.60

89.32

3059.92

Additions during the year

(3.06)

31.68

15.99

44.61

44.61

Interim dividend paid during the year

(284.27)

(284.27)

(284.27)

Transfer to General reserve

500.00

(500.00)

-

-

Transfer of Capital reserve on Consolidtion to Retained earnings

(792.32)

792.32

-

Dividend paid to NCI and its relevant tax

-

-

(100.56)

(100.56)

Translation impact on foreign subsidiaries NCI portion

-

-

20.06

20.06

Balance at the end of the year - March 31, 2021

6.03

27.68

20.56

320.24

8230.94

78.74 12772.61

21.73

0.84

(378.03)

23.74

21125.08

464.23

21589.31

See accompanying notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements:

Managing Director

Rekha Surendhiran

Company Secretary

In terms of our report attached

On behalf of the Board

Particulars

2020-21

2019-20

Interest income received

166.40

70.70

Dividend income received

7.04

42.89

Net cash (used in)/generated by investing activities

[B]

(2694.83)

(930.16)

Cash flow from financing activities

Proceeds from issue of equity shares

31.86

34.71

(Repayment)/proceeds from borrowings

(227.14)

(322.62)

Principal portion of lease payments

(45.94)

(12.09)

Finance costs paid

(35.82)

(63.25)

Dividend paid to Shareholder

(284.27)

(757.25)

Tax on Dividend

-

(131.15)

Dividend paid to Non Controlling interest and its related tax

(100.56)

(80.95)

Tax on Dividend - Subsidiaries

-

(12.92)

Net cash used in financing activities

[C]

(661.87)

(1345.52)

Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents [A]+[B]+[C]

1150.89

1792.90

Add : Cash and Cash equivalents at the beginning of the year

3595.69

1920.62

Effect of exchange rate changes on the balances of cash and cash equivalents

held in foreign currencies

36.69

(117.83)

Cash and Cash equivalents at the end of the year

4783.27

3595.69

Non Cash Financing and Operating activities

- Acquistion of Right of use assets

162.81

-

Reconciliation of Cash and cash equivalents with the Balance Sheet:

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year

Cash and cash equivalents - Refer Note: 12A

2920.55

959.37

Current investment considered as Cash and Cash equivalents - Refer Note : 6C(ii)

675.14

961.25

3595.69

1920.62

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year

Cash and cash equivalents - Refer Note: 12A

4783.27

2920.55

Current investment considered as Cash and Cash equivalents - Refer Note : 6C(ii)

-

675.14

4783.27

3595.69

See accompanying notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements:

Managing Director - Refer Note : 22 of Standalone financial statements

15.78

24.31

Remuneration to Executive Director - Refer Note : 22 of Standalone financial statements

-

12.74

Welfare expenses

415.60

430.89

3470.37

3448.30:

Managing Director (CODM) consists of Chief Financial Officer, Leaders of Strategic Business

Units, Human resources and Company Secretary reviews the performance of the Company and has identified three core reportable business

segments organised using differences in products and services.

•

Surface engineering (material removal, cutting, polishing) known as Abrasives. Abrasive segment comprise of Bonded, Coated, Processed

cloth, Polymers, Power tools and Coolants.

•

Technical ceramics and super refractory solutions to address wear protection, corrosion resistance, electrical resistance, heat protection and

ballistic protection known as Ceramics.

•

Electrominerals for surface engineering, refractories, energy and environment. It includes fused alumina, silicon carbide, zirconia, specialty

minerals and captive power generation from hydel power plant.

Besides the above three core segments, the Group has a power generation entity to serve its power requirements of the core business segments. The

Group also has an IT services company which provides IT infrastructure facility management services, software application development services,

remote infrastructure management services and IT security management services.

The Business Group Management Committee monitors the operating results of its business segments for the purpose of making decisions about

resource allocation and performance assessment using profit or loss and return on capital employed.

• Company Overview • Management Reports • Financial Statements:

Managing Director (Retired on 22nd November 2019)

[KS]

Mr. N. Ananthaseshan,: Managing

Managing Director

Rekha Surendhiran

Company Secretary

On behalf of the Board

• Company Overview • Management Reports • Financial Statements:

Managing Director

Subramanian Vivek

Partner

Membership Number: 100332

P. Padmanabhan

Chief Financial Officer

Rekha Surendhiran

Company Secretary

Chennai

April 28,2021:

Managing Director

Subramanian Vivek

Partner

Membership Number: 100332

P. Padmanabhan

Chief Financial Officer

Rekha Surendhiran

Company Secretary

Chennai

April 28,2021

S.No. Particulars

Notes

For the year

2020-21

2019-20

I

Revenue from Operations

19

16722.76

16511.95

II

Other income

20

423.68

473.27

III

Total Income (I+II)

17146.44

16985.22

IV

Expenses

Cost of material consumed

5999.37

6267.27

Purchases of stock-in-trade

530.41

625.99

Changes in inventories of finished goods, stock-in-trade and work-in-progress

21

558.87

(295.95)

Employee benefits expense

22

1961.68

1958.86

Finance costs

23

2.71

3.52

Depreciation and amortisation expense

24

614.31

669.76

Other expenses

25

4922.41

5360.35

Total expenses (IV)

14589.76

14589.80

V

Profit before exceptional item and tax (III-IV)

2556.68

2395.42

VI

Exceptional items (net)

26

(112.18)

-

VII

Profit before tax (V+VI)

2444.50

2395.42

VIII

Tax expense

(1) Current tax

27A

637.50

577.50

(2) Deferred tax

15

(32.62)

(95.33)

Total tax [VIII]

604.88

482.17

IX

Profit for the year (VII-VIII)

1839.62

1913.25

X

Other Comprehensive Income [OCI]

A

(i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

(a) Remeasurement of the defined benefit plans

27.50

(122.51)

(b) Equity instruments through OCI

46.25

(51.13)

(ii) Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

27B

-

-

Total Other Comprehensive Income (X)

73.75

(173.64)

XI

Total Comprehensive Income for the year (IX+X)

1913.37

1739.61

XII

Earnings per equity share (`1 each) on profit for the year (IX)

28

- Basic

9.71

10.11

- Diluted

9.70

10.10

See accompanying notes forming part of the financial statements

• Company Overview • Management Reports • Financial Statements:

Managing Director

Subramanian Vivek

Partner

Membership Number: 100332

P. Padmanabhan

Chief Financial Officer

Rekha Surendhiran

Company Secretary

Chennai

April 28,2021:

Managing Director

Rekha Surendhiran

Company Secretary

M M Murugappan

Chairman

P. Padmanabhan

Chief Financial Officer

For Price Waterhouse Chartered Accountants llP

Firm Registration Number: 012754N/N500016

Chartered Accountants

Subramanian Vivek

Partner, Membership Number: 100332

Chennai

April 28,2021

• Company Overview • Management Reports • Financial Statements:

Managing Director

15.78

24.31

Remuneration to Executive Director

-

12.74

Welfare expenses

276.07

292.30

1961.68

1958.86

Remuneration to: Managing

Managing Director and Executive Director is provisional and subject to determination by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee.

23. Finance costs

Particulars

For the year

2020-21

2019-20

Interest costs

- on Fixed loans

-

0.03

- on lease liabilities

0.43

1.38

- on Others

0.02

0.07

Other borrowing costs

2.26

2.04

2.71

3.52

24. Depreciation and amortisation expense

Particulars

For the year

2020-21

2019-20

Depreciation of property, plant and equipment - Refer Note: 4A

596.55

651.29

Depreciation of Right-of-use assets - Refer Note : 4B

2.16

5.40

Amortisation of intangible assets - Refer Note: 5

15.60

13.07

614.31

669.76

25. Other expenses

Particulars

For the year

2020-21

2019-20

Consumption of stores and spares (a)

703.98

747.02

Power and fuel (b)

1671.15

1808.61

Rent

92.24

69.94

Rates and taxes

42.04

41.34

Insurance

33.09

22.06

Repairs to: (c)

- Buildings

15.67

21.12

- Plant and equipment

422.11

497.11

Directors' Sitting fees (refer Corporate Governance report)

4.16

3.60

Commission to Non-wholetime Directors (refer Corporate Governance report)

16.34

16.83

Auditors' remuneration (Refer Note: 39)

8.59

7.95

Travel and conveyance

37.33

153.55

Freight, delivery and shipping charges

454.79

460.03:

Managing Director (CODM) consisting of Chief Financial Officer, Leaders of Strategic

Business Units , Human resources and Company Secretary have identified the above three reportable business segments. It reviews and monitors

the operating results of the business segments for the purpose of making decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment using

profit or loss and return on capital employed.

• Company Overview • Management Reports • Financial Statements:

Managing Director (Retired on 22nd November 2019)

[KS]

Mr.N Ananthaseshan,: Managing

letter of comfort /

Guarantee outstanding*

Trade and other

receivable

Deposit

outstanding

Payables: letter of comfort/

Guarantee outstanding*

Subsidiaries

CAI

203.11

-

0.37

-

218.94

-

0.48

339.26

Net Access

1.30

-

1.44

-

0.53

-

1.06

-

Sterling

29.39

-

0.48

-

22.32

-

-

Sedco

1.52

-

17.42

-

0.27

-

12.97

-

CAPL

29.24

-

-

-

9.50

-

-

-

CME

37.06

-

0.58

-

45.81

-

1.32

-

Foskor

-

-

249.00

-

-

-

211.50

CACCL

70.41

-

8.29

-

73.77

-

9.18

-

VAW

3.87

-

92.40

-

-

-

129.93

-

Total

375.90

-

120.98

249.00

371.14

-

154.94

550.76

Joint Ventures

MMTCL

6.50

-

1.73

-

12.81

-

1.92

-

Ciria

11.24

-

-

-

2.14

-

-

-

Total

17.74

-

1.73

-

14.95

-

1.92

-

Associate & its Subsidiaries

Wendt

26.73

1.00

7.92

-

39.43

1.00

4.15

-

WGTL

4.48

-

1.33

-

0.54

-

-

-

Total

31.21

1.00

9.25

-

39.97

1.00

4.15

-

Other related parties

PEIL

-

-

0.16

-

-

-

1.63

-

CUEPF

-

-

12.01

-

-

-

11.45

-

Total

-

-

12.17

-

-

-

13.08

-

Grand Total

424.85

1.00

144.13

249.00

426.06

1.00

174.09

550.76

Transactions with related parties in the nature of sale of goods, rendering of services, purchase of goods, procurement of services are at arm's length price.

* Issued towards availment of banking facilities by the respective entities.

