Managing Director /Company Secretary of the Company after completion of the scrutiny of the remote

e-voting and e-voting at the AGM. The results will be announced by the Chairman/: Managing

letter dated 1 February 2021, appointed (a) M/s. Kalyaniwalla & Mistry LLP, Chartered Accountants, for the purpose of re-

opening the books of accounts and re-casting the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries for the said five financial years and (b) C N K & Associates LLP,

Chartered Accountants, for the purpose of auditing the re-opened and recast accounts.

The recast accounts so audited were placed before the Board on 9 September 2021 and the Board approved its submission to Regional Director (West), Ministry of Corporate

Affairs. The Regional Director submitted the said restated financial statements before Hon’ble NCLT and the Hon’ble NCLT vide its Order dated 26 October 2021, directed that

the same be taken on record so that the same may be treated as final. The recast accounts have since been taken on record by the Registrar of Companies, Mumbai.

The Board of Directors of the Company had approved the financial statement for financial year ended 31 March 2021 on 11 June 2021 and the results were submitted

to the Stock Exchanges on 11 June 2021. The financial statements of the Company for the financial year ended 2019-20 were earlier approved and adopted by the

Shareholders of the Company at the 83rd Annual General Meeting of the Company held on 19 October 2020. However, considering that closing balances in the recast

financial statements of the Company for the financial year ended 31 March 2019 will have to be carried forward as opening balances for the financial year 2019-20, the

financial statements of the Company for the financial year 2019-20 and 2020-21 required to be changed to give effect to consequential changes as stated above. In view

of the above, Company made an application before the Hon’ble NCLT for voluntary revision of the financial statements of the Company for the financial years 2019-20 and

2020-21 in order to maintain the consistency with the re-casted books of accounts of the financial year 2018-19 under Section 131 of the Act.

The Hon’ble NCLT, vide its order dated 22 December 2021, approved the voluntary revision of financial statements of the Company for financial years 2019-20 and 2020-

21. Accordingly, the financial statements of the Company for the year ended 31 March 2020 and 31 March 2021 were revised. For conducting the audit of the accounts

of the financial year 2019-20, M/s. C N K & Associates LLP, Chartered Accountants, carried out the audit for the financial year 2019-20. For the financial year 2020-21,

the existing Statutory Auditors of the Company, M/s. S R B C & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants, have carried out the audit. The said revised audited accounts for both the

financial years 2019-20 and 2020-21 were approved by the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on 31 December 2021.

For further details, kindly refer to both standalone and consolidated revised financial statement for the year ended 31 March 2021 in the accompanying 84th Annual Report.

The revised financial statements for the financial year 2019-20 is given in a separate section, which forms part of the 84th Annual Report.

The Company is now seeking approval of the Members for the revised financial statements for the year 2019-20 and 2020-21 prepared pursuant to the said order of NCLT

dated 22 December 2021.

Though the resolutions for adopting the revised financial statements for the year 2020-21 are at Item Nos.1 and 2 under the head “Ordinary Business” and the resolutions

for adopting the revised financial statements for the year 2019-20 are at Item Nos.4 and 5 under the head “Special Business”, when these resolutions are approved by

the Members, the resolutions approving the revised financial statements for the year 2019-20 shall be deemed to have been approved first, followed by the resolutions

approving the revised financial statements for the year 2020-21.

The Board of Directors recommend to the Members of the Company to consider and adopt the revised financial statements for the Financial Years 2019-20 and 2020-21.

Item No. 6

The Board of Directors of the Company, on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, have at their Meeting held on 09 September 2021, approved the appointment of

M/s. R. Nanabhoy & Associates, Cost Accountants (Firm Registration No.000010), for conducting the audit of the cost records of the Company for the financial year ending

31 March 2022 at a remuneration of ` 7,00,000/- (Rupees Seven Lakhs Only) plus applicable taxes and reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses.

In accordance with the provisions of Section 148 of the Act read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, the remuneration payable to the Cost Auditors as

recommended by the Audit Committee and approved by the Board is required to be ratified by the Members of the Company.

Accordingly, consent of the Members is sought for passing an Ordinary Resolution as set out at Item No. 6 of this Notice for ratification of the remuneration payable to the

Cost Auditors of the Company for the financial year ending 31 March 2022.

The Board of Directors recommends the Ordinary Resolution at Item No. 6 for approval of the Members.

Except to the extent of their shareholding in the Company, if any, none of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel or their relatives are in any way, financially or otherwise,

concerned or interested in the said Ordinary Resolutions set out at Item Nos. 4, 5 & 6 of the accompanying Notice.

By Order of the Board

For CG Power and Industrial Solutions Limited

P Varadarajan

Company Secretary

Membership No. ACS 8237

Mumbai, 31 December 2021:

letter etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to

acs.pmehta@gmail.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in and the Company at investorservices@cgglobal.com

2.

It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep your password confidential. Login to the e-voting website

will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In such an event, you will need to go through the “Forgot User Details/Password?”

or “Physical User Reset Password?” option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

3.

In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-voting user manual for Shareholders available at the download

section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll free no.: 1800 1020 990 and 1800 22 44 30 or send a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in.

4.

You can also update your mobile number and email ID in the user profile details which may be used for sending future communication(s).

Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for procuring user id and password and registration of e mail ids for

e-voting for the resolutions set out in this notice:

1.

In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN

(self attested scanned copy of PAN card) and AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to cginvestors@datamaticsbpm.com. or

investorservices@cgglobal.com.

2.

In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated

Account statement, PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card) and AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to investorservices@cgglobal.com or

cginvestors@datamaticsbpm.com. If you are an Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode, you are requested to refer to the login method explained

at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode.

3.

Alternatively shareholders/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.co.in for procuring user id and password for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents.

4.

In terms of SEBI circular dated 9th December 2020 on e-voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are

allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are required to update their mobile number and

email ID correctly in their demat account in order to access e-voting facility.

The instructions for Members for e-voting on the day of the AGM are as under:-

1.

The procedure for e-voting on the day of the AGM is same as the instructions mentioned above for remote e-voting.

2.

Only those Members/ Shareholders, who will be present in the AGM through VC/OAVM facility and have not casted their vote on the Resolutions through remote

e-voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-voting system in the AGM.

3.

Members who have voted through remote e-voting will be eligible to attend the AGM. However, they will not be eligible to vote at the AGM.:

Managing Director

Natarajan Srinivasan (w.e.f. 26 November 2020)

Non-Executive Directors

M A M Arunachalam (w.e.f. 26 November 2020)

P S Jayakumar (w.e.f. 26 November 2020)

Shailendra Roy (w.e.f. 26 November 2020)

Sasikala Varadachari (w.e.f. 26 November 2020)

Sriram Sivaram (w.e.f. 11 June 2021)

Kalyan Kumar Paul (w.e.f. 11 June 2021)

Chief Financial Officer

Susheel Todi (w.e.f. 5 February 2021)

Company Secretary

P Varadarajan (w.e.f. 1 April 2021)

Auditors

S R B C & CO. LLP

Bankers

State Bank Of India

Registered Office

6th Floor, CG House,

Dr. Annie Besant Road, Worli,

Mumbai 400 030

Corporate Overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements

02 | CG POWER AND INDUSTRIAL SOLUTIONS LIMITED 2020-21

Annual Report 2020-21 | 03:

Dear Shareholders,

I am delighted to write my first: letter

as the

Managing Director of Tube Investments of India Limited. He was earlier the: Managing Director of Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Ltd. He is on

the Board of SRF Limited, Cholamandalam Financial Holdings Limited, Cholamandalam

Investment and Finance Company Limited and Ambadi Investments Limited. He was a

recipient of the Extraordinary Entrepreneur of the Year - TiECON 2014 Award.

Mr. Natarajan Srinivasan

Managing Director

Mr. Natarajan Srinivasan is a commerce graduate, a Member of the Institute of Chartered

Accountants of India and the Institute of Company Secretaries of India. He has more than

36 years of corporate work experience spanning across Finance, Legal, Projects and

General Management functions. While he started his career with BHEL, his last 15 years

of service has been with the Murugappa Group, a Chennai based industrial conglomerate,

where he held several senior positions during the years 2004 to 2018. He held position as

a Director in Murugappa Corporate Board, Group Finance Director, Murugappa Group,

Lead Director - Financial Services Business (NBFC and General Insurance businesses),

Executive Vice

Managing Director and CEO of Bank of Baroda during 2015-19.

He co-promoted two companies, (i) VBHC Value Homes and (ii) Home First India with

equity from various marquee investors. VBHC is focused on addressing the supply side

of low cost and affordable housing and Home First India provides long term mortgages

to customers with ‘thin’ credit file and those who are in low and middle income category.

He is also on the Board of TMF Holdings Limited, Tata Motors Finance Limited,

Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited, Adani Ports and Special Economic Zone Limited,

LICHFL Asset Management Company Limited, Northern ARC Capital Limited and

JM Financial Limited. He is also a Senior Advisor in India Advisory Board, Master

Card, India and also is in the Board of Governor of Indian Institute of Corporate

Affairs.

Mr. Sriram Sivaram

Independent Director

Mr. Sriram Sivaram holds a B. Tech from IIT, Madras, a MS and an MBA from Cornell

University. Mr. Sriram has worked for more than fifteen years with US based multinational

companies in the energy sector where he has held various key management positions.

These include Vice President of Global Sales and Marketing for Active Power Inc; President

and Chief Technology Officer at Catalyst Power (an ABB Subsidiary); Business Unit

Leader – Ancillary Equipment Group at American Power Conversion Corporation, (APC),

prior to which he also served as its Country Manager – South Asia and established APC’s

subsidiary in India. He is currently the Joint: Managing

Letter of Intent (‘LOI’) to TII detailing the terms and conditions to be fulfilled by TII to complete the

acquisition of controlling stake in the Company.

2 September 2020

The then Board of Directors of your Company approved further issue of 6,87,28,522 equity shares in the Company by way of a preferential issue,

aggregating to `100 crores.

13 October 2020

The Competition Commission of India accorded its approval to the acquisition proposal of TII.

28 October 2020

TII conveyed its acceptance to the: Letter of Intent issued by State Bank India, the Lead Bank.

20 November 2020

TII, the Company and the Lenders executed binding agreements for one time settlement of funded facilities that were outstanding and restructuring

of the non funded facilities extended to and availed by the Company. The salient terms of the agreements were:

a) Compromise settlement by making an upfront payment of `650 crores to Lenders

b) Conversion of `200 crores out of the balance funded facilities into unrated unsecured unlisted non-convertible debentures having a tenure of

5 years to be issued to the Lenders

c) Payment of around `150 crores to the Lenders out of the proceeds from the sale of “CG House” within a period of 5 years

d)

Replacement / substitution of non fund based facilities extended by the members of the Lenders consortium

26 November 2020

TII subscribed to the equity shares and warrants issued to them on private placement basis and remitted `587.50 crores towards subscription

amount for the Equity / Warrants, and accordingly TII was allotted 64,25,23,365 Equity Shares and 17,52,33,645 warrants thus becoming the

majority shareholder of the Company with a controlling stake of 50.62%, which subsequently got enhanced to 53.16% when further capital of

`100 crore was infused by TII in December 2020.

On the same day, the Board of the Company was re-constituted with the then

letter dated 1 February 2021,

appointed (a) Kalyaniwalla & Mistry LLP

(‘KMLLP’), Chartered Accountants, for the

purpose of re-opening the books of accounts

and re-casting the financial statements of the

Company and its subsidiaries for the said five

financial years and (b) C N K & Associates

LLP (‘CNK’), Chartered Accountants, for the

purpose of auditing the re-opened and recast

accounts.

KMLLP and CNK completed the assignments

of re-opening of books of accounts and

recasting the financial statements and the

audit of recast financial statements and

furnished the duly audited re-stated financial

statements to your Company and the same

were submitted to the Regional Director

(Western Region), Ministry of Corporate Affairs.

Pursuant to the recasting of financial

statements as mentioned above, there was

a negative impact on the net-worth of the

Company, on a consolidated basis, for the

financial year ended 31 March 2019 and

the quantum of the negative impact was

approximately `2,647 crores which resulted

in Net worth turning negative (`462 crores)

for the financial year ended 31 March 2019

as per the recast financial statements. This

impact was mainly due to provisions made as

re-casting adjustments in the financial year

2018-19 in respect of the funds transferred to

the erstwhile promoters and its group entities.

The said recast financial statements were

submitted by the MCA to Hon’ble NCLT,

and the same were taken on record by

the Hon’ble NCLT vide its order dated

26 October 2021.

b)

Voluntary revision of financial statements

The financial statements of the Company

for the financial year ended 2019-20 were

approved and adopted by the shareholders

of the Company at the 83rd Annual General

Meeting of the Company held on 19 October

2020. Further, the financial statements of

the Company for the financial year ended

2020-21 were approved by your Board on

11 June 2021 and the financial results were

disclosed to the stock exchanges.

However, considering that closing balances

in the recast financial statements of the

Company for the financial year ended

31 March 2019 will have to be carried forward

as opening balances for the financial year

2019-20, the financial statements of the

Company for the financial year 2019-20 and

2020-21 were required to be revised to give

effect as stated above. In view of the above,

your Company made an application to Hon’ble

NCLT on 17 June 2021 for voluntary revision

in financial statements of the Company for the

financial years 2019-20 and 2020-21 in order

to maintain consistency with the recast books

of accounts.

The Hon’ble NCLT vide its order dated

22 December 2021 approved the said

application filed by the Company and allowed

the voluntary revision of financial statements

of the Company for financial years 2019-20

and 2020-21. The order of Hon’ble NCLT was

received by the Company on 24 December

2021. Considering the time constraints for

holding the AGM of the Company on or before

31 December 2021, your Company had

applied to Hon’ble NCLT seeking extension

of time for holding the AGM of the Company.

Hon’ble NCLT vide its order dated 3 December

2021, granted extension of time to hold the

AGM on or before 31 March 2022.

M/s. CNK & Associates LLP, Chartered

Accountants (‘CNK’), was appointed to carry

out the audit of revised financial statements

of the Company for the financial year 2019-

20. CNK has issued an unmodified opinion

on the revised financial statements of the

Company for the financial year 2019-20. The

revised financial statements for financial year

2019-20 is given in a separate section which

forms part of this Annual Report. Further,

revised financial statements for financial years

2019-20 and 2020-21 have been approved

by your Board and the same is being placed

before the shareholders for their approval. A

statement showing the summary impact of the

recast books of accounts of the Company as at

31 March, 2019 considered in voluntary

revision of financial statements of the

Company for the year ended 31 March, 2020

and necessary consequential changes made

therein are given in Note 3B of the Notes to

the Accounts.

INVESTIGATIONS

BY THE COMPANY:

During the year under review, the Final Report

on the Investigation initiated by the Company in

the previous year was received. Hon’ble Justice

Mr. T. S. Thakur (Retd.) (former Chief Justice of India),

who was appointed to oversee / monitor the said

Investigation, also provided his report. Your Company

has shared the Final Report with relevant authorities,

including SEBI and Serious Fraud Investigation Office

(‘SFIO’). Your Company is extending full co-operation

to the investigating agencies and information and

documents as sought by them are being provided.

BY INVESTIGATION AGENCIES

a)

Investigation

by

the

Serious

Fraud

Investigation Office (SFIO)

Based on a recommendation of the Ministry

of Corporate Affairs, the SFIO has initiated

an investigation into the affairs of your

Company and its subsidiaries. Your Company

is extending full co-operation to the SFIO, and

information and documents as sought by them

are being provided. The investigation is in

progress.

b)

Investigations by Central Bureau of

Investigations (‘CBI’)

Based on a complaint filed by State Bank

of India (‘SBI’) on behalf of all the former

lenders of the Company with respect to certain

transactions that took place in the past, details

of which have already been furnished by the

Company in the disclosures made to the stock

exchanges on 19 August 2019, the Central

Bureau of Investigations (‘CBI’) registered

an FIR against the Company, its erstwhile

promoters and some of the past directors/

officials of the Company. On 24 June 2021,

officials of CBI visited the registered office of

the Company at Mumbai, seeking information

on certain transactions involving erstwhile

promoters, management and their associates,

which are also subject matter of existing

investigation by SFIO and SEBI.

Your Company has represented to SBI

requesting for exclusion of the Company from

the list of the accused named in the FIR, as

the Company itself is a victim of the fraud

committed by other accused named in the FIR.

Further, full co-operation is being extended to

CBI, and information and documents as sought

by them are being provided.

c)

Investigations by Enforcement Directorate

Enforcement

Directorate

has

sought

information from your Company in connection

with investigations being carried out by

them under Prevention of Money Laundering

Act against the erstwhile promoter and the

previous management. Full co-operation

is being extended by your Company and

information and documents as sought by the

Enforcement Directorate are being provided.

AUDITORS AND AUDIT REPORTS

STATUTORY AUDITORS

At the 81st Annual General Meeting of your Company,

M/s S R B C & CO LLP, Chartered Accountants (Firm

Registration No. 324982E/E300003) (‘SRBC’) and

M/s K K Mankeshwar & Co., Chartered Accountants

(Firm Registration No.106009W) (‘KKM’) were

appointed as Joint Statutory Auditors of the Company,

for a term of five years up to the conclusion of

86th Annual General Meeting of your Company.

Cessation of KKM as Auditor

In the 83rd Annual Report for the financial year ended

2019-20, the Members were informed regarding

the decision of the Board to remove KKM as the

Joint Statutory Auditors of the Company and the

subsequent resignation by KKM as the Joint Statutory

Auditors vide their email dated 25 January 2020

upon communication of this decision.

Since the resignation tendered by KKM was not in

accordance with applicable laws and was after

the decision of the then Board to seek approval

of the Central Government for removal of KKM,

your Company filed an application with the MCA

for removal of KKM as Joint Statutory Auditors of

the Company. After hearing both the parties in the

matter, the Regional Director, Western Region,

Mumbai, vide its order dated 27 August 2020,

disposed off the said application as infructuous since

KKM had already resigned as the statutory auditors

of the Company. Accordingly, your Company took on

record the resignation tendered by KKM vide their

email dated 25 January 2020 in terms of the order

passed by the Regional Director in the matter.

Qualified Opinion by the Auditors and Board

Responses

Shareholders may note that pursuant to restatement

of the financial statements of the Company for five

financial years i.e. from 2014-15 to 2018-19 and the

consequential revision in financial statements of the

Company for the subsequent years, the Disclaimer of

Opinion given by Statutory Auditors in the past have

now been dropped by them from their Audit Report on

the revised Financial Statements of the Company for

the financial year 2020-21. In respect of the revised

Standalone Financial Statements, the Statutory

Auditors have furnished an unmodified opinion and

in respect of the Consolidated Financial Statements,

they have furnished a qualified opinion. Further,

the Statutory Auditors have also included certain

matters in the “Emphasis of Matter” paragraph in the

Auditors’ Reports for the year 2020-21.

The qualified opinion furnished by the Statutory

Auditors on the revised Consolidated Financial

Statements of the Company, is mentioned below

along with your Board’s response to these

observations given in italics.

1.

The Group has not made provision towards

the corporate guarantee amounting to

`41.56 crores invoked by a bank as at

March 31, 2021. Consequently, we are unable

to comment on the impact of the above matter

on these Revised Consolidated Financial

Statements.

Board Response

CGIBV, a wholly owned subsidiary of the

Company, has given a corporate guarantee

against loan taken by Belgium Entities, which

has been secured against the assets of Belgium

Entities (ceased to be subsidiaries from the

assumed date of January 1, 2020). The lender

has invoked the corporate guarantee amounting

to `41.56 crore due to bankruptcy proceedings

initiated of Belgium Entities. The Company has

not made provision towards this invocation of

corporate guarantee on the assumption that

the estimated recoverable value of assets of

Belgium entities to be realised by Receivers

shall be sufficient to meet this liability.

2.

We draw attention to note 3A(f) of the Revised

Consolidated Financial Statements, which

indicate that the accompanying Revised

Consolidated Financial Statements include

unaudited financial statements and other

unaudited financial information in respect of;

(a)

5 subsidiaries, part of continued

operations of the Group, whose

financial statements and other financial

information reflect total assets of

`173.88 crores as at March 31, 2021,

total revenues of `57.61 crores, total

net loss after tax `22.09 crores and

total comprehensive loss (net) of

`22.09

crores

for

year

ended

March 31, 2021 and net cash outflows

of `3.03 crores for the year ended

March 31, 2021;

(b)

1 subsidiary, part of discontinued

operations of the Group, whose

financial statements and other financial

information reflect total assets of

`5.98 crores as at March 31, 2021,:

Managing Director.

Mr. Vellayan Subbiah, Non-Executive Director, is the Chairman of your Board, and Mr. M A M Arunachalam and

Mr. Kalyan Kumar Paul are Non-Executive Non-Independent Directors on your Board.

Mr. P S Jayakumar, Mr. Shailendra Roy, Ms. Sasikala Varadachari and Mr. Sriram Sivaram are Independent

Directors in terms of Regulation 16 of the SEBI LODR and Section 149 of the Act.

Mr. Natarajan Srinivasan is the: Managing Director on your Board.

Your Board consists of professionals with diverse functional expertise, industry experience, educational qualifications

and gender mix relevant to fulfilling your Company’s objectives and strategic goals.

Change in Composition of the Board

a)

Appointments and Cessation

At the beginning of the year, your Company’s Board of Directors consisted of eight Directors comprising

of (i) a Whole-Time Executive Director, and (ii) seven Independent Non-Executive Directors as follows:

Sr. No. Name of Director

Category

1.

Mr. Ashish Guha

Non-Executive Independent Director and

Managing Director and a KMP of the Company with

effect from 26 November 2020.

Mr. Susheel Todi was appointed as the Chief

Financial Officer of the Company effective from 5

February 2021.

Mr. Alen Ferns was the Company Secretary and

Compliance Officer of the Company till the closure of

business hours on 5 February 2021 and thereafter he

was re-designated as the Deputy General Manager –

Secretarial of the Company.

Mr. K. R. Viswanarayan who was appointed as the

Company Secretary and Compliance officer of the

Company with effect from 6 February 2021, resigned

from the services of the Company effective from

close of business hours on 31 March 2021.

Mr. P. Varadarajan was appointed as the Company

Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company

with effect from 1 April 2021.

REMUNERATION POLICY AND CRITERIA

FOR DETERMINING THE ATTRIBUTES,

QUALIFICATION, INDEPENDENCE AND

APPOINTMENT OF DIRECTORS

Your Company has formulated a Remuneration

Policy governing the appointment and remuneration

of Directors, KMP, Senior Management and other

employees. The Remuneration Policy of the Company

provides a performance driven and market-oriented

framework to ensure that the Company attracts,

retains and motivates high quality executives who

can achieve the Company’s goals, while aligning

the interests of employees, shareholders and all

stakeholders in accordance with the group’s values

and beliefs. The terms of reference of the Nomination

and Remuneration Committee includes formulation

of criteria for determining qualifications, positive

attributes and independence of Directors.

The Company’s Remuneration Policy is available on

the website of the Company under:

http://www.cgglobal.com/frontend/finalnonproduct.

aspx?cnl2=yrnPqECUvhk=

Your Company has adopted a Board Diversity

Policy to reap the benefits of a broader experience

in decision making.

PERFORMANCE EVALUATION OF THE

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

In line with the requirements of the Act and the SEBI

LODR, an annual evaluation of performance of the

Board, its Committees and individual Directors was

carried out during the year under review. Pursuant

to the provisions of Schedule IV of the Act and

Regulation 25 of the SEBI LODR, the Independent

Directors of your Company at a meeting held on

25 March 2021, evaluated the performance of

Non-Independent Directors, the Board as a whole,

performance of the Chairman; and also assessed the

quality, quantity and timeliness of flow of information

between the Management and the Board.

Since the Board of the Company was re-constituted

w.e.f. 26 November 2020, board evaluation was

conducted by the new board members.

FAMILIARISATION PROGRAMME FOR

INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS

Pursuant to Regulation 25 of the SEBI LODR, your

Company familiarizes its Independent Directors

with their roles, rights, responsibilities as well as

the Company’s business and operations. Moreover,

Directors are regularly updated on the business

strategies and performance, management structure

and key initiatives of businesses at every Board

Meeting. Details of the programme can be viewed under

the following link available on the Company’s website:

http://www.cgglobal.com/frontend/finalnonproduct.

aspx?cnl2=yrnPqECUvhk=

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

All related party transactions that were entered

into during the financial year under review were

on arm’s length basis and were in the ordinary

course of business. Hence disclosure of particulars

of contracts/arrangements entered into by your

Company with related parties in Form AOC-2 is not

applicable for the year under review. There were

no materially significant related party transactions

during the year which may have a potential conflict

with the interest of the Company at large. The Audit

Committee grants omnibus approval for transactions

which are of repetitive nature with related parties.

Related party transactions entered during the year

under review are disclosed in the notes to the

Financial Statements.

None of the Directors had any pecuniary relationship

or transactions with the Company, except the

payments made to them in the form of remuneration

/ sitting fee.

The Company’s Related Party Transactions Policy

is made available on the website of the Company

under:

http://www.cgglobal.com/pdfs/policies/India%20

Related%20Party%20Transactions%20Policy.pdf

PARTICULARS OF LOANS, GUARANTEES

AND INVESTMENTS

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 186 of the Act

and Schedule V of the SEBI LODR, particulars of loans,

guarantees given and investments made by your

Company during financial year 2020-21 are given in the

notes to the Financial Statements.

BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORT

Pursuant to Regulation 34 of the SEBI LODR, the

Business Responsibility Report for the year 2020-

21 highlighting the initiatives taken by the Company

in the areas of environment, social, economic and

governance is given in the Section titled “Business

Responsibility Report”, which forms part of this

Report and is also available on the website of your

Company under:

http://www.cgglobal.com/frontend/finalnonproduct.

aspx?cnl2=Nu/tTrrPlMI=

ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT (ERM)

FRAMEWORK

CG’s comprehensive Risk Management Framework

involves a three-tiered approach, taking into

account the Enterprise Risks, Process Risks and

Compliance Risks.

Enterprise risk identification and mitigation initiatives

are handled through an on-going process for each

of the businesses, as well as for CG as a whole. The

coverage extends to all key business exposures. After

getting a measure of each such enterprise risk, the

mitigation actions are tracked.

The Risk Management Committee of the Board

reviews the key risks associated with the businesses

of your Company and their mitigation measures.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT (R&D)

During the year under review, your Company’s R&D

activities continued to focus on development of

indigenous and energy efficient products.

Motors

•

Developed Permanent Magnet AC Motors

(PMAC) for Electric Vehicle application. These

motors, developed with special rare earth

magnet and low watt loss steel, are compact

in size and gives very high efficiency for the

given power weight ratio.

•

Developed ultra premium energy efficient

motors

(IE5),

meeting

international

standards, and became the first Indian

company to do so in induction technology

along with permanent magnet.

•

Developed pressurized enclosure motor for

use in hazardous area Zone1 applications. The

Motor is equipped with fully automated dry air

purge system to ensure safety aspect through

critical interlocks. This is mainly used in oil and

gas sector.

Drives and Automation

•

Developed new control platform CB2.1

which offered Modbus RTU and standby

supply option as standard. The new platform

offers a strong foundation for future with

much

higher

communication

speeds,

possibilities for CAN communication and

also wireless connection with PC control

software EmoSoftCom through PPU.

•

Designed the Next Gen E frames 2.1 for 75 and

90kW drives with 21% reduction in size with

better competitiveness. The unique design

makes it possible to convert a drive from IP20

to IP54 and vice-versa at any place giving

much greater flexibility to the customers.

•

Developed

and

introduced

Advanced

EmoDrive application software, a mobile

phone application, for monitoring and control

of the drives. This application can work

through Bluetooth or Wifi enabled keypad of

the Drive and does not require any hardwired

connection which helps in not only monitoring

the runtime status of the Drive but can also be

used to control it in real time.

•

Developed Next Generation VSS single

phasedrive with advance features like,

Compact design, high starting torque,

detachable display, MPPT (Maximum power

point tracking) support, torque control that can

deal with up to 50ºC ambient support.

Railways

•

Developed a low voltage high current

brushless single bearing Traction Alternator

C1019B for Tata Steel Project. The efficiency

of 2 X 700 HP Shunting locomotive is

improved with this new Alternator when

compared to existing system of 1400 HP

Single Engine Alternator system.

•

Indigenously developed Filter Cubicle Panels

and Auxiliary Circuit Cubicle Panels and received

approvals from authorities of Indian Railways.

•

Developed an electric point machine with

arrangement of Secondary Drive replacing

spring setting device for thick web switch

which would ensure full butting of tongue rail

with stock rail from crossing point to Junction

Over Head (JOH) location.

Power

•

Developed a new Transformer Monitoring

System through Internet of Things (IoT) cloud

based, named as Smart Controller, designed

to effectively monitor and manage the AT&C

(Aggregate Technical & Commercial) loss

which is a challenge to the Indian Power Sector.

Further, to support the Government of India

(GOI) initiative and build Railway Infrastructure

in the country, indigenously developed and

successfully conducted short circuit test of

Trackside Transformer of 21.6/30.24 MVA,

132/27 kV for Indian Railways.

•

Expanded product range by introducing

three phase shunt reactors with stringent:

Managing Director

(DIN: 02144836)

(DIN: 00123338)

Mumbai, 31 December, 2021:

Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary in the financial year

under review are provided in Table 1.

3.

The median remuneration of employees increased by 11.40% as compared to previous financial year.

4.

The number of permanent employees on the rolls of the Company as on 31 March 2021: 2570 (as against 2802 as on 31 March 2020).

5.

Average percentile increase already made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel in the last financial year and its comparison with the

percentile increase in the managerial remuneration and justification thereof and point out if there are any exceptional circumstances for increase in the managerial

remuneration:

No increments were given by the Company during the financial year 2020-21.

6.

Remuneration is as per the Remuneration Policy of the Company.

01

Ratio of the remuneration of each Director to the median remuneration of all the employees of the Company for the financial

year ended 31 March, 2021 and the percentage increase in remuneration of each director, Chief Financial Officer, Chief

Executive Officer, Company Secretary in the financial year under review:

Sr.

No.

Name of Director/Key

Managerial Personnel

Designation

Ratio of remuneration of director

to median remuneration of all

employees

% increase/(decrease) in

comparison to previous

financial year

1.

Mr. Vellayan Subbiah $

Chairman, Non- Executive Non-Independent Director

1.97

Not applicable as the tenure is

for part of the year

2.

Mr. Natarajan Srinivasan $: Managing Director

27.20

3. Mr. M A M Arunachalam $

Non- Executive Non-Independent Director

1.26

4.

Mr. P S Jayakumar $

Non- Executive Independent Director

1.62

5.

Ms. Sasikala Varadachari $

Non- Executive Independent Director

1.26

6.

Mr. Shailendra Roy $

Non- Executive Independent Director

1.44

7.

Mr. Ashish Guha #

letter dated 1 February 2021, appointed

(a) Kalyaniwalla & Mistry LLP (‘KMLLP’),

Chartered Accountants, for the purpose of re-

opening the books of accounts and re-casting

the financial statements of the Company

and its subsidiaries for the said five financial

years and (b) C N K & Associates LLP (‘CNK’),

Chartered Accountants, for the purpose of

auditing the re-opened and recast accounts.

Further, the restatement has been completed

in the financial year 2021-22 and the said

recast financial statements were submitted by

the MCA to Hon’ble NCLT, and the same were

taken on record by the Hon’ble NCLT vide its

order dated 26 October 2021.

For Parikh & Associates

Company Secretaries

Place: Mumbai

Date: December 31, 2021

Signature:

Mitesh Dhabliwala

Partner

FCS No: 8331 CP No: 9511

UDIN: F008331C002019736

This Report is to be read with our: letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this report.

ANNEXURE 4 (C0ntd.)

‘Annexure A’

To,

The Members

CG Power and Industrial Solutions Limited

6th Floor, CG House, Dr. Annie Besant Road, Worli.

Mumbai- 400 030

Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these secretarial records

based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and process as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the contents of the secretarial

records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the process and practices, we

followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management Representation about the Compliance of laws, rules and regulations and happening of events, etc.

5.

The Compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of management. Our examination was

limited to the verification of procedure on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which the management has

conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Parikh & Associates

Company Secretaries

Place: Mumbai

Date: December 31, 2021

Signature:

Mitesh Dhabliwala

Partner

FCS No: 8331 CP No: 9511

UDIN: F008331C002019736

letter for

resigning from the Board of Directors of the Company.

INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS

Pursuant to Section 149(7) of the Act, each of the

Independent Directors have confirmed that he / she

meets the criteria of independence laid down in Section

149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16 of SEBI LODR.

Further, in terms of Regulation 25(8) of SEBI LODR,

the Independent Directors have also confirmed that

they are not aware of any circumstance or situation,

which exists or may be reasonably anticipated, that

could impair or impact their ability to discharge their

duties without any external influence.

Based on the declarations received from the Independent

Directors, the Board is of the opinion that Independent

Directors of your Company fulfil the conditions of

independence as specified in the Act and SEBI LODR

and are independent of the management. They are

persons of integrity and possess relevant experience

and do not hold, together with their relatives, 2% or

more of the voting power in the Company. They are

not related to any of the Promoters, Directors, Holding,

Subsidiary or Associate companies and are independent

of the management.

The Company has received confirmation from

all the existing Independent Directors of their

registration on the Independent Directors Databank

maintained by the Indian Institute of Corporate

Affairs pursuant to Rule 6 of the Companies

(Appointment

and

Qualification

of

Directors)

Rules, 2014.

BOARD MEETINGS

Board Meetings are convened at appropriate intervals

with a maximum time gap of not more than 120 days

between two consecutive meetings. Notice along

with the agenda papers is sent to the Directors in

advance. In case of exigencies or urgency of matters,

resolutions are passed by circulation for such matters

as permitted by law and noted at the subsequent

meeting.

The Board critically evaluates Company’s strategic

direction, risks and opportunities, key mergers

and

amalgamations,

investments,

financial

performance, asset optimisation, management

policies and their effectiveness. Additionally, the

Board reviews the compliance processes, internal

control systems, material occurrences, if any, in the

areas of environment, health and safety, financial

liabilities, regulatory claims and developments in

human resources.

Twenty Three (23) Board Meetings were held during

the year. The dates on which the Meetings were

held are as follows:

Report on Corporate Governance

Sr. No

Date of Board Meeting

Board

Strength

No of Directors

Present

1

19 Apr, 2020

8

8

2

1 May, 2020

8

8

3

3 Jun, 2020

8

8

4

27 Jun, 2020

8

8

5

7 Aug, 2020

8

8

6

10 Aug, 2020

8

8

7

11 Aug, 2020

8

8

8

22 Aug, 2020

8

8

9

2 Sept, 2020

8

8

10

7 Sept, 2020

8

8

11

16 Sept, 2020

8

8

12

26 Sept, 2020

8

7

Sr. No

Date of Board Meeting

Board

Strength

No of Directors

Present

13

23 Oct, 2020

8

8

14

28 Oct, 2020

8

6

15

29 Oct, 2020

8

7

16

19 Nov, 2020

8

6

17

20 Nov, 2020

8

8

18

25 Nov, 2020

8

6

19

26 Nov, 2020

14

14

20

4 Dec, 2020

6

6

21

18 Dec, 2020

6

5

22

5 Feb, 2021

6

6

23

25 Mar, 2021

6

6

The names and categories of the Directors on the Board,

their attendance at the Board Meetings held during the

year, attendance at the last Annual General Meeting

(‘AGM’), the number of Directorships and Committee

Chairmanships / Memberships held by them in other

public limited companies as on 31 March 2021, are

given in Table 1 given below:

Pursuant to provisions of regulation 17(3) of SEBI

LODR, the Board periodically reviews the compliance

reports of all laws applicable to the Company. The

Company uses the facility of Video Conferencing,

permitted under Section 173(2) of the Act read

together with Rule 3 of the Companies (Meetings

of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014. Due to the

exceptional circumstances caused by the COVID-19

Pandemic and consequent relaxations granted by

Ministry of Corporate Affairs and Securities and

Exchange Board of India, the meetings were held

through Video Conferencing (‘VC’).

The required information, including information as

enumerated in Regulation 17(7) read together with

Part A of Schedule II of the SEBI LODR is made

available to the Board of Directors, for discussions

and consideration at Board Meetings.

Pursuant to Regulation 27(2) of the SEBI LODR, the

Company also submits a quarterly Compliance Report

on Corporate Governance to the Stock Exchanges,

within 15 days from the close of every quarter.

01 Composition, attendance and details of the Board of Directors during the financial year 2020-21

Name of Director

Category

Attendance

Particulars

No. of Representations

Board

Meeting

Last

AGM

Directorship##

Committee

Chairperson###

Committee

Membership###

Mr Ashish Kumar Guha*

Non-Executive; Independent; Chairman

19

Yes

NA

NA

NA

Mr Sudhir Mathur*

Whole Time Executive Director

19

Yes

NA

NA

NA

Mr Jitender Balakrishnan*

Non- Executive; Independent

19

Yes

NA

NA

NA

Ms Ramni Nirula*

Non- Executive; Independent

15

Yes

NA

NA

NA

Mr Narayan K Seshadri*

Non- Executive; Independent

17

Yes

NA

NA

NA

Mr Pradeep Mathur*

Non- Executive; Independent

19

Yes

NA

NA

NA

Dr Rathin Roy*

Non- Executive; Independent

17

No

NA

NA

NA

Dr Aditi Raja*

Non- Executive; Independent

19

Yes

NA

NA

NA

Mr. Vellayan Subbiah**

Non-Executive; Non-Independent; Chairman

5

NA

9

1

5

Mr. M A M Arunachalam$

Non-Executive; Non-Independent

4

NA

9

2

5

Mr. P S Jayakumar$$

Non-Executive; Independent

5

NA

11

3

6

Ms. Sasikala Varadachari$$

Non-Executive; Independent

5

NA

5

--

1

Mr. Shailendra Roy$$

Non-Executive; Independent

5

NA

2

--

1

Mr. Natarajan Srinivasan#: Managing

Managing Director of the Company with effect from 26 November, 2020.

## Directorships include directorships as on 31 March 2021 in only Indian companies (including CG) but exclude

alternate directorships.

### Committee Chairmanship and Membership as on 31 March 2021 includes only Audit Committee and

Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee of Public Limited Companies (including CG).

OTHER DIRECTORSHIPS

As on 31 March, 2021, none of the Directors on the Board hold directorships in more than twenty companies

(including ten public limited companies) or is an Independent Director in more than seven listed companies.

Further, none of the Directors is a member of more than ten Committees or a chairperson of more than

five Committees across all public limited companies. For the purpose of determination of limit of the Board

Committees, the chairpersonship / membership of only the Audit Committee and the Stakeholders’ Relationship

Committee have been considered as per Regulation 26(1) (b) of SEBI LODR. Further, the Directorship of Directors

is in conformity with Regulation 17A of SEBI LODR.

Names of other listed entities where directors of your Company hold directorship and the category of such

directorship as on 31 March 2021 are given in Table 2.

02 Directors and their Directorial Positions in other listed companies as on

31 March, 2021

Name of the Director

Directorship in other Listed Companies

Category

Mr. Vellayan Subbiah

SRF Limited

ID

Shanthi Gears Limited

NENI

Tube Investments of India Limited

MD

Cholamandalam Financial Holdings Limited

NENI

Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited

NENI

Mr. M A M Arunachalam

Shanthi Gears Limited

NENI

Tube Investments of India Limited

NENI

Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Company Limited

NENI

Coromandel Engineering Company Limited

NENI

Mr. P S Jayakumar

Adani Ports and Special Economic Zone Limited

NEI

JM Financial Limited

NEI

Ms. Sasikala Varadachari

Sundaram -Clayton Limited

NEI

Mr. Shailendra Roy

-

-

Mr. Natarajan Srinivasan

Godrej Agrovet Limited

NEI

Computer Age Management Services Limited

NEI

Infrastructure Leasing and Financial Services Limited (Debt Listed)

ND

IndiaFirst Life Insurance Company Limited (Debt Listed)

NEI

•

Independent Director- ID

•

Non-Executive Non-Independent- NENI

•

Non-Executive Independent- NEI

•: Managing Director- MD

•

Nominee Director-ND

SELECTION AND APPOINTMENT OF

DIRECTORS

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee

ascertains the qualification, expertise and experience

of the person being considered for appointment as

Director and recommends the appointment to the

Board. In case of appointment of an Independent

Director, such person shall additionally meet the

requirements as stipulated in Section 149 of the Act

read with Schedule IV of the said Act and Regulation

16 of the SEBI LODR.

In terms of the requirement of Regulation 46(2)(b)

of the SEBI LODR and Schedule IV of the Act, your

Company has issued formal letters of appointment to

the Independent Directors. The terms and conditions

of such appointment are available on the Company’s

website and can be accessed at http://www.cgglobal.

com/pdfs/BOD/T&C-IndependentDirectorsAppt.pdf

BOARD EFFECTIVENESS EVALUATION

The annual performance evaluation was carried

out pursuant to the provisions of the Act and the

SEBI LODR. As part of the performance evaluation

process, an evaluation questionnaire based on the

relevant criteria together with supporting documents

was circulated to all the Board members, in advance.

The Directors evaluated themselves, the Managing

Director, other Board members, the Board as well as

the functioning of the Board Committees viz., Audit

Committee, Nomination & Remuneration Committee

and Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee based on

well-defined evaluation parameters as set out in the

questionnaire. The duly filled in questionnaires were

received back from the

Managing Director

93,45,833

7,86,958

50,00,000

52,02,000**

2,03,34,791

Mr. Sudhir Mathur***

Whole time Director

1,60,81,925

9,45,149

-

-

1,70,27,074

*

Mr. Natarajan Srinivasan was appointed as: Managing

Managing Director

1

* Inducted as a member with effect from 26 November 2020.

** Inducted as a member with effect from 29 January 2021.

Prior to 26 November, 2020, the SRC consisted of three members namely Dr. Aditi Raja (Chairperson),

Ms. Ramni Nirula (Member) and Mr. Sudhir Mathur (Member). No SRC meeting held during the period from

1 April, 2020 to 26 November, 2020.

Note: During the year, Mr. P S Jayakumar was appointed as a member with effect from 26 November 2020 and

ceased as a member with effect from 29 January 2021.

One (1) Stakeholder Relationship Committee Meeting was held during the year. The date on which the Meeting

was held is as follows:

Sr. No

Date of SRC Meeting

Member Strength

No of Members Present

1

5 Feb, 2021

4

4

Your Company reports to the Directors at periodic intervals, the number and category of shareholder complaints

received and the status of their resolution. In order to expedite the process, the Board of Directors has also

delegated authority to the Company Secretary to approve the share transmission, sub-division etc.

Details of investor complaints received and redressed during FY2021 are as follows:

Opening Balance

1

Received During The Year

6

Resolved During The Year

6

Closing Balance*

1

* This complaint has since been resolved and no complaint is outstanding pertaining to the year 2020-21.

The above complaints were related to non receipt of share certificates sent for Transfer / Demat, non-receipt of

dividend, non receipt of Annual Report and Legal Notice in relation to transmission case. None of the Complaints

were pending for a period exceeding 30 days. All requests for transfer of shares have been processed on time

and there are no transfers pending for more than 15 days.

Mr. Alen Ferns who was appointed as Company Secretary & Compliance Officer of the Company with effect from

18 March, 2020 was subsequently re-designated as Deputy General Manager - Secretarial with effect from

5 February, 2021.

Mr. K R Viswanarayan was appointed as the Company Secretary & Compliance Officer of the Company with effect

from 6 February, 2021 and subsequently he resigned as Company Secretary & Compliance Officer with effect from

31 March, 2021.

Mr. P Varadarajan was appointed as Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company with effect

from 1 April, 2021. The Company Secretary acts as Secretary to this Committee.

RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE (RMC)

The Risk Management Committee (“RMC”) is constituted in compliance with the provisions of Regulation 21 of

SEBI LODR in order to manage the risk associated with the Company.

The RMC was reconstituted on 26 November, 2020 consequent to the reconstitution of the Board of Directors

in terms of SSA.

As on 31 March, 2021, the RMC consisted of the following two Directors and a senior employee of the Company:

Name

Designation

Category

Attendance

Mr. Vellayan Subbiah*

Chairman

Non-Executive; Non-Independent

1

Mr. Natarajan Srinivasan*

Member: Managing Director

1

Mr. Ramesh Kumar*

Member

President- Industrial Division

1

* Inducted as a member with effect from 26 November 2020.

Prior to 26 November, 2020, the RMC consisted of four members namely Dr. Rathin Roy (

Managing Director, is annexed at the end of this Report.

Pursuant to the provisions of Regulations 8 and 9 under the SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015 the Company has adopted and endeavors adherence

to the Code for Fair Disclosure of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information. Kindly refer to the Company’s website http://www.cgglobal.com/pdfs/policies/Code%20for%20

Fair%20Disclosure%20of%20UPSI.pdf for the detailed Code for Fair Disclosure of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information of the Company.

INFORMATION ON GENERAL BODY MEETINGS

Annual General Meeting (‘AGM’)

Details of the last three Annual General Meetings of the Company held along with Special Resolutions passed are indicated in Table 3 below:

03 Last three Annual General Meetings held and special resolutions passed

Financial

Year

Location

Date

Time

(IST)

Special Resolutions Passed

2017-18

Swatantryaveer Savarkar Rashtriya

Smarak, Dadar (West), Mumbai - 400

028

28 September 2018

3:00 p.m.

Approval of Remuneration of Mr K N Neelkant, CEO and Managing

Director

2018-19

Patkar Hall, SNDT Women’s University, 1

Nathibai Thackersey Road,

Mumbai 400 020

14 December 2019

2:00 p.m.

Approval to borrow in excess of limits mentioned under Section 180

(1)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013

2019-20

The meeting was conducted through

Video Conferencing and Other Audio

Visual Means. The deemed venue of the

meeting was the registered office of the

Company

19 October 2020

3:00 p.m.

1. Approval for waiver of recovery and ratification of managerial

remuneration paid to Mr. Sudhir Mathur, Whole Time Executive

Director for the financial year 2019-20, due to loss in the said

financial year

2. Approval for Payment of remuneration to Mr. Sudhir Mathur,

Whole Time Executive Director in case of loss or inadequacy of

profit.

EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING

Details of the Extraordinary General Meetings of the Company held during the FY 2021 along with Special Resolutions passed are indicated in Table 4 below:

04 Extraordinary General Meetings held during FY2021

Date

Time (IST)

Location

Resolutions Passed

Outcome

2 September

2020

02:00 p.m.

The meeting was conducted through Video

Conferencing and Other Audio Visual Means. The

deemed venue of the meeting was the registered

office of the Company

Approval for issue of Equity Shares and

Warrants on a Preferential Allotment / Private

Placement Basis

The resolution was passed with

requisite majority.

24 September

2020

02:00 p.m.

The meeting was conducted through Video

Conferencing and Other Audio Visual Means. The

deemed venue of the meeting was the registered

office of the Company

Approval for further Issue of Equity Shares on

a Preferential Allotment / Private Placement

Basis to Tube Investments of India Limited

The resolution was passed with

requisite majority.

POSTAL BALLOT

During the FY2021, no resolution was passed by the Company through Postal Ballot.

Means of Communication

The Company recognizes communication as a

key element to the overall Corporate Governance

framework, and therefore emphasizes on prompt,

continuous, efficient and relevant communication

to all external constituencies.

Your Company strives to achieve full and timely

disclosure of information. To this end, it:

•

Prepares and dispatches through permitted

modes, a full version of its Annual Report,

despite an abridged version being allowed by

the regulations.

•

Submits quarterly, half yearly and annual

results of your Company to the National

Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE

Limited through their designated web portals

and also uploads on company’s website

(www.cgglobal.com) in the “Investors”

Section. These results are simultaneously

published in two leading newspapers:

Financial Express (English) and Loksatta

(Marathi). The Company also files online

information on financial results on the ‘PN

Newswire’ website, as approved by the

London Stock Exchange.

•

Promptly reports all material information

including official press releases etc. to all

Stock Exchanges on which shares of your

Company are listed. All information and

disclosures made to Stock Exchanges and

investors are simultaneously displayed on

your Company’s website: www.cgglobal.com

•

The ‘Information to Investor’ section on your

Company’s website provides ‘live’ share

prices, as well as graphical information

relating to the historical share prices and

published financials. Graphs relating to

income and profitability, balance sheet and

equity position, ratios, share returns on the

standalone and consolidated position of

your Company across a number of years are

readily available in a user friendly manner for

retail investors and researchers.

Reinforcing

its

commitment

towards

the

environment and to have e-enabled regulatory

compliances,

your

Company

sends

it’s

Annual Report as well as other shareholder

correspondences electronically to Members whose

e-mail address is registered with the Company /

Depository Participants / RTA.

General Shareholder Information

CIN: L99999MH1937PLC002641

Registration Date: 28/04/1937

Address of the Registered Office and Contact Details: 6th Floor, CG House, AB Road, Worli, Mumbai

400030

Tel No.: +91 22 2423 7777

84TH ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

Date: 31 January 2022

Time: 1.30 pm

Venue: In view of the continuing COVID-19 pandemic and pursuant to ‘MCA Circulars’ and ‘SEBI Circulars’

the 84th Annual General Meeting of the Company (‘AGM’) is being conducted through Video Conferencing

(‘VC’) / other Audio Visual Means (‘OAVM’) facility, which does not require physical presence of members

at a common venue. Hence, the deemed venue for the AGM shall be the Registered Office of the Company.

DIVIDEND PAYMENT DATE

No dividend has been recommended, declared or paid during the FY2021.

FINANCIAL YEAR AND TENTATIVE CALENDAR FOR FINANCIAL YEAR ENDING 31 MARCH 2022

Your Company’s accounting year comprises of twelve months period from 1 April to 31 March.

Tentative calendar of Board Meeting for consideration of financial results for remaining part of financial year ending

31 March 2022 is given below:

First quarter results: Declared on 2 August, 2021

Second quarter results: Declared on 21 October, 2021

Third quarter results: On/before 14 February 2022

Last quarter results and annual audited results: On/before 30 May 2022

NAME AND ADDRESS OF THE STOCK EXCHANGES

Name of Stock Exchange

Address

BSE Limited

Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai-400001

National Stock Exchange of India Limited

Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla Complex,

Bandra (East), Mumbai-400 051

STOCK CODE

BSE Limited (BSE): 500093

National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE): CGPOWER

ISIN: INE067A01029

Depository: National Securities Depository Limited and Central Depository Services (India) Limited

GDR Code: 5090318*

*Listing and admission to trading of the Global Depository Receipts (“GDR”), on the London Stock Exchange

(“LSE”), 10 Paternoster Sq., London EC4M 7LS, United Kingdom, stands cancelled and the GDRs have been

delisted from LSE w.e.f. 24 May, 2021.

Your Company has paid the annual listing fees for the FY 2022 to each Stock Exchanges on which its securities

are listed.:

letter no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/OW/2020/14436/1 dated

4 September, 2020.

Based on the approvals received from the Board and shareholders, your Company made an application to

the BSE Limited (‘BSE’) and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited (‘NSE’) on 6 November, 2020 for

re-classification of Promoters under Regulation 31A of SEBI LODR. The approvals of BSE & NSE were received on

19 November, 2020 and consequently, the erstwhile Promoter entities – Varun Prakashan Private Limited, Avantha

Realty Limited and Avantha Holdings Limited were re-classified as Public category shareholders of the Company

with effect from 19 November, 2020.

TII subscribed to the equity shares and warrants issued to them on private placement basis and remitted

`587.50 crores towards subscription amount for the Equity / Warrant, and accordingly TII was allotted

64,25,23,365 Equity Shares and 17,52,33,645 warrants thus TII becoming the majority shareholder of the

Company with a controlling stake of 50.62%, which subsequently got enhanced to 53.16% when further capital

of `100 crore was infused by TII in December 2020

The shareholding pattern is posted on the Company’s website www.cgglobal.com and also filed electronically

with BSE and NSE.

06 Distribution of shareholding as on 31 March 2021

No of Shares

No of Shareholders

% of Shareholders

No. of Shares Held

% of Total

Upto 500

1,24,566

76.75

1,58,54,536

1.19

501 – 1,000

14,033

8.65

1,15,10,102

0.86

1,001 – 2,000

8,935

5.51

1,37,40,264

1.03

2,001 – 3,000

3,757

2.32

97,12,117

0.73

3,001 – 4,000

2,001

1.23

72,32,695

0.54

4,001 – 5,000

1,809

1.12

86,19,168

0.64

5,001 – 10,000

3,320

2.05

2,50,45,785

1.87

10001 – above

3,883

2.39

1,24,62,83,362

93.15

Total

1,62,304

100.00

1,33,79,98,029

100.00

07 Categories of shareholders/ Shareholding pattern as on 31 March 2021

Category

No of Shares of

` 2 each

% of

Shareholdings

Promoters

71,22,58,077

53.23

Financial Institutions/ Banks

4,11,030

0.03

Insurance Companies

1,21,46,487

0.91

Mutual Funds

6,71,01,266

5.02

Alternate Investment Funds

1,51,29,158

1.13

Central Government / State Government(s) / President of India

140

0.00

Qualified Institutional Buyer

30,32,359

0.23

Foreign Investors

12,59,89,347

9.41

Directors

5,000

0.00

Domestic Companies

10,63,84,338

7.95

Individuals

29,55,40,827

22.09

Total

1,33,79,98,029

100.00:

Managing Director

Susheel Todi

Chief Financial Officer

Mumbai, 31 December 2021

PRACTISING COMPANY SECRETARIES’ CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

To,

The Members,

CG Power and Industrial Solutions Limited

We have examined the compliance of the conditions of Corporate Governance by CG Power and Industrial Solutions Limited (‘the Company’) for the year ended on

31 March, 2021, as stipulated under Regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) of sub-regulation (2) of Regulation 46 and para C, D & E of Schedule V of the Securities and

Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI LODR’).

The compliance of the conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our examination was limited to the review of procedures

and implementation thereof, as adopted by the Company for ensuring compliance with conditions of Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of

opinion on the financial statements of the Company.

In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanation given to us, and subject to the disclosures made by the management in the Corporate

Governance Report and to the stock exchanges the instances of non-compliances disclosed in the Corporate Governance report and considering the relaxations granted

by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs and Securities and Exchange Board of India warranted due to the spread of the COVID‐19 pandemic ,we certify that the Company has

generally complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated under Regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of sub-regulation (2) of Regulation 46 and

Para C, D, and E of Schedule V of the SEBI LODR for the year ended 31 March, 2021.

We further state that pursuant to a petition filed by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (‘MCA’) under Section 130 of the Companies Act, 2013, the National Company

Law Tribunal, Mumbai Bench (‘Hon’ble NCLT’), through its order dated 5 March 2020, allowed the re-opening of books of accounts of your Company and its subsidiary

companies for the past five financial years up to 31 March 2019. Accordingly, the MCA, vide its: letter dated 1 February 2021, appointed (a) Kalyaniwalla & Mistry LLP

(‘KMLLP’), Chartered Accountants, for the purpose of re-opening the books of accounts and re-casting the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries for

the said five financial years and (b) C N K & Associates LLP (‘CNK’), Chartered Accountants, for the purpose of auditing the re-opened and recast accounts. Further, the

restatement has been completed in the financial year 2021-22 and the said recast financial statements were submitted by the MCA to Hon’ble NCLT, and the same were

taken on record by the Hon’ble NCLT vide its order dated 26 October 2021.

We further state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which the Management has

conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Parikh & Associates

Practising Company Secretaries

Mitesh Dhabliwala

Partner

FCS: 8331 CP No.: 9511

Mumbai, 31 December 2021

UDIN: F008331C002019714

Managing Director

(DIN: 00123338)

Mumbai, 31 December 2021:

Managing Director

(b)

Details of BR Head:

1.

DIN Number (if applicable)

Not Applicable

2.

Name

Mr. Lloyd Pinto*

3.

Designation

President – International Businesses, HR, EHS & Corporate Strategy

4.

Telephone number

+91 22 2423 7505

5.

E-mail id

lloyd.pinto@cgglobal.com

* Since retired on 30 July, 2021.

2.

Principle-wise (as per NVGs) BR Policy/Policies

a.

Details of compliance (Reply in Y/N)

Sr.

No.

Questions

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

1

Do you have a policy/ policies for....

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

P1: Ethics and Transparency

Refer Note 1

P2: Product Responsibility

P3: Wellbeing of employees

P4: Responsiveness to Stakeholders

P5: Respect Human Rights

P6: Environmental Responsibility

P7: Public policy advocacy

P8: Support inclusive Growth

P9: Engagement with Customers

2

Has the policy being formulated in consultation with the relevant stakeholders?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

3

Does the policy confirm to any national/international standards? If yes, specify? (50 words)

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

4

Has the policy being approved by the Board? If yes, has it been signed by MD/owner/

CEO/appropriate Board Director?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

5

Does the Company have a specified committee of the Board/Director/ Official to

oversee the implementation of the policy?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

6

Indicate the link for the policy to be viewed online

Refer Note 1

7

Has the policy been formally communicated to all relevant internal and external

stakeholders?

Yes. The policies are communicated to internal stakeholders and

are available on the Company’s website and intranet. Policies are

communicated to external stakeholders through the website of the

Company and Regulatory filings.

8

Does the Company have in-house structure to implement the policy/ policies.

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

9

Does the Company have a grievance redressal mechanism related to the policy/

policies to address stakeholders’ grievances related to the policy/policies?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

10

Has the Company carried out independent audit/evaluation of the working of this

policy by an internal or external agency?

The Internal Auditors of the Company review the implementation

of policies from time to time. The Company’s various factories

have been subject to audit by external certification agencies. No

dedicated Business Responsibility audit has been conducted.:

Managing Director for the year

ended March 31, 2021 is in excess of the limits applicable under

section 197 of the Act, read with Schedule V thereto. Subsequent

to year, the management has obtained approval of the shareholders

for remuneration paid to the: Managing

Managing Director for the year ended March 31, 2021 is in excess

of the limits applicable under section 197 of the Act, read with Schedule

V thereto. Subsequent to year, the management has obtained approval

of the shareholders for remuneration paid to the: Managing

Managing Director

(DIN: 00123338)

Vellayan Subbiah

Chairman

(DIN : 01138759)

per Bharath N S

Partner

Membership No. 210934

Susheel Todi

Chief Financial Officer

P Varadarajan

Company Secretary

Chennai: 31 December, 2021

Mumbai: 31 December, 2021

` crores

REVISED STANDALONE STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH, 2021

Note No.

2020-21

(Revised)

2019-20

(Revised)

INCOME

Revenue from operations

30

2525.89

3169.48

Other income

31

42.17

56.88

Total income

2568.06

3226.36

EXPENSES

Cost of materials consumed

32

1761.99

1947.34

Purchases of stock-in-trade

33

84.69

60.92

Changes in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress and stock-in-trade

34

(97.08)

171.29

Employee benefits expense

35

258.90

322.93

Finance costs

36

166.25

247.97

Depreciation and amortisation expense

37

81.21

90.54

Other expenses

38

402.90

563.89

Total expenses

2658.86

3404.88

Loss before exceptional items and tax

(90.80)

(178.52)

Exceptional items (net)

47

914.38

(1369.27)

Profit / (loss) before tax

823.58

(1547.79)

Tax expense:

Current tax

24

-

-

Deferred tax (net)

24

134.59

(67.96)

134.59

(67.96)

Profit / (loss) for the year

688.99

(1479.83)

Other comprehensive income:

(i)

Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss

(a) Remeasurement gain / (loss) on defined benefit plans

(3.84)

(0.13)

(ii)

Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss

0.97

0.05

Total other comprehensive income for the year

(2.87)

(0.08)

Total comprehensive income for the year

686.12

(1479.91)

Earnings per share (basic) (`) (Face value of ` 2 each)

51

7.94

(23.61)

Earnings per share (diluted) (`) (Face value of ` 2 each)

51

7.50

(23.61)

SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

2

The accompanying notes form an integral part of revised standalone financial statements

For and on behalf of the Board

As per our report of even date

For S R B C & CO LLP

Chartered Accountants

ICAI Firm Registration No. 324982E/E300003

Natarajan Srinivasan: Managing Director

(DIN: 00123338)

Vellayan Subbiah

Managing Director

(DIN: 00123338)

Vellayan Subbiah

Chairman

(DIN : 01138759)

per Bharath N S

Partner

Membership No. 210934

Susheel Todi

Chief Financial Officer

P Varadarajan

Company Secretary

Chennai: 31 December, 2021

Mumbai: 31 December, 2021

(Contd.):

Managing Director

(DIN: 00123338)

Vellayan Subbiah

Chairman

(DIN : 01138759)

per Bharath N S

Partner

Membership No. 210934

Susheel Todi

Chief Financial Officer

P Varadarajan

Company Secretary

Chennai: 31 December, 2021

Mumbai: 31 December, 2021

NOTES ACCOMPANYING THE REVISED STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1A.

CORPORATE INFORMATION

CG Power and Industrial Solutions Limited (the ‘Company’) is a limited company incorporated and domiciled in India whose shares are publicly traded. The registered

office is located at 6th Floor, CG house, Dr. Annie Besant Road, Worli, Mumbai – 400 030, India. The Company has changed its name from Crompton Greaves

Limited to CG Power and Industrial Solutions Limited w.e.f. 27 February, 2017.

The Company is a global enterprise providing end-to-end solutions to utilities, industries and consumers for the management and application of efficient and

sustainable electrical energy. It offers products, services and solutions in two main business segments, viz. Power Systems and Industrial Systems for the year ended

31 March, 2021.

1B.

VOLUNTARY REVISION OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The National Company Law Tribunal (‘NCLT’) vide its order dated 5 March, 2020 allowed reopening of books of accounts and recasting of financial statements of

the Company and audit thereof for the 5 years ended as on 31 March, 2019 (‘recasted period’). Pursuant to the said order, Recasting Accountants recasted the

standalone financial statements of the Company and the said financial statements were audited by Recasting Auditors. The recasted standalone financial statements

of the Company for the 5 years ended as on 31 March, 2019 were taken on records by NCLT on 26 October, 2021. The effect of the recasting has been given in

the books of accounts.

As a result of the above, the Company has revised standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2020 and 31 March, 2021 by way of voluntary

revision of financial statements of the Company for the year ended 31 March, 2020 and 31 March, 2021 under section 131(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 pursuant

to the NCLT order dated 22 December, 2021.

1C. APPROVAL OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The original standalone financial statements of the Company for the year ended 31 March, 2021 were authorised for issue in accordance with a resolution of the

directors on 11 June, 2021. The revised standalone financial statements of the Company for the year ended 31 March, 2021 were authorised for issue in accordance

with a resolution of the directors on 31 December, 2021.

2.

SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

2.1

Basis of preparation:

The revised standalone financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) notified under Section

133 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended from time to time and presentation requirements

of Division II of Schedule III of the Companies Act, 2013. The revised standalone financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for the

following assets and liabilities which have been measured at fair value:

•

Derivative financial instruments,

•

Certain financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value.

The revised standalone financial statements are presented in Indian Rupees (‘`’) and all values are rounded to the nearest crores, except when otherwise indicated.

2.2

Property, plant and equipment:

Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any. The cost comprises the

purchase price, net of trade discounts and rebates, directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition for its intended use and

capitalised borrowing costs. When significant parts of the plant and equipment are required to be replaced at intervals, the Company depreciates them

separately based on their specific useful lives.

Subsequent expenditure related to an item of property, plant and equipment is capitalised only if it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item

will flow to the Company. All other repair and maintenance costs are recognised in the statement of profit and loss as incurred.

Capital work-in-progress includes cost of property, plant and equipment under installation / under development as at the balance sheet date and stated at cost, net

of accumulated impairment loss, if any.

An item of property, plant and equipment and any significant part initially recognised is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected

from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition of the asset is recognised in the statement of profit and loss when the asset is derecognised.:

letter of comfort, whatsoever has been provided by the Company to lenders stands

discharged without any further claim or liability of the Company;

-

all proceedings filed by the lenders against the Company stands withdrawn except criminal proceedings, if any, against erstwhile promoter / management

of the Company and;

-

The Company’s loan accounts have been recognized as standard assets.

•

In April, 2021, the Company prepaid the restructured debt of ` 145.16 crores for all lenders except one by payment of aggregate amount of ` 127.75 crores,

equivalent to net present value against original due date of payment. Liability towards one lender with outstanding loan of ` 4.84 crores was secured by lien

over a fixed deposit of equivalent amount. The Company has recognised the difference over the present value of debt settled amounting to ` 17.41 crores as

an exceptional item.

(c)

In December, 2020, the Company, its subsidiaries, offshore lenders and TII entered into agreements to settle the corporate guarantees aggregating to

` 863.12 crores (INR equivalents of Euro and USD) issued to offshore lenders by the Company and its subsidiary, CG International B.V. (‘CGIBV’) and

the maximum exposure amount of ` 274.13 crores is to be settled ` 172.92 crores in cash (excluding foreign exchange gain of ` 1.75 crores) and

` 101.21 crores by issue of equity shares. Consequently, during the year ended 31 March, 2021 the Company has made provision of ` 274.13 crores.

Subsequent to year end, contrary to principally agreed terms of settlement, one of the lender has demanded entire outstanding amount of corporate guarantee

of ` 146.21 crores and this is being contested. During the year ended 31 March, 2021, the Company has made provision of ` 33.63 crores in relation to such

proposed settlement.

The Company and its subsidiary CGIBV have provided corporate guarantee towards credit facilities availed by CG Electric Systems Hungary Zrt. (‘ESHU’) where

due to pronouncement of bankruptcy proceedings, the bank issued invocation: letter. Subsequent to year end, CGIBV has settled the guarantee at consideration

of ` 55.79 crores.

(d)

Avantha Holdings Limited (‘AHL’) along-with its two affiliate companies, were classified as Promoter and Promoter Group of the Company (‘Promoters’).

After receiving necessary approval from Securities Exchange Board of India (‘SEBI’), shareholders and the Stock Exchange, the AHL and affiliate companies

shareholding is reclassified from ‘Promoter’ to ‘Public’ on 19 November, 2020 and consequently, AHL and all their associated group companies are termed

in the revised standalone financial statements as ‘erstwhile promoter (AHL) affiliate companies’.

(e)

The Company believes that the Company or the present Board of

Managing Director (Appointed w.e.f. 26 November, 2020)

2

Sudhir Mathur

- Whole Time - Executive Director (Appointed w.e.f. 10 May, 2019 and resigned w.e.f. 26 November, 2020)

(Non- Executive Independent Director w.e.f. 1 October, 2018 upto 9 May, 2019)

3

K. N. Neelkant

- Executive Director, CEO &: Managing Director (Resigned w.e.f. 30 September, 2019)

4

Susheel Todi

- Chief Financial Officer (Appointed w.e.f. 5 February, 2021)

5

V. R. Venkatesh

- Chief Financial Officer (Ceased w.e.f. 30 August, 2019)

6

K R Viswanarayan

- Company Secretary and Compliance Officer (Appointed w.e.f. 6 February, 2021 and resigned

w.e.f. 31 March, 2021)

7

Alen Ferns

- Company Secretary and Compliance Officer (Appointed w.e.f. 18 March, 2020 and ceased

w.e.f. 5 February, 2021)

8

Shikha Kapadia

- Company Secretary and Compliance Officer

(Resigned as the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer w.e.f. 31 December, 2019)

9

Nimesh S Shah

- Company Secretary and Compliance Officer

(Appointed w.e.f. 1 January, 2020 and resigned w.e.f. 31 January, 2020)

10

P Varadarajan

- Company Secretary and Compliance Officer

(Appointed w.e.f. 1 April, 2021)

Non Executive Directors

1

Vellayan Subbiah

-

Managing Director during the year is approved by shareholders in the Extra-ordinary General Meeting held on 7 June, 2021.

^ Amount written off during the year ` 1199.50 crores.

45.

RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (Contd.):

Managing Director

(DIN: 00123338)

Vellayan Subbiah

Chairman

(DIN : 01138759)

per Bharath N S

Partner

Membership No. 210934

Susheel Todi

Chief Financial Officer

P Varadarajan

Company Secretary

Chennai: 31 December, 2021

Mumbai: 31 December, 2021:

Managing Director

(DIN: 00123338)

Vellayan Subbiah

Chairman

(DIN : 01138759)

Susheel Todi

Chief Financial Officer

P Varadarajan

Company Secretary

Mumbai: 31 December, 2021:

Managing Director

(DIN: 00123338)

Vellayan Subbiah

Chairman

(DIN : 01138759)

Susheel Todi

Chief Financial Officer

P Varadarajan

Company Secretary

Mumbai: 31 December, 2021

Consolidated

Financials

2020-21

Corporate overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements

Annual Report 2020-21 | 181:

Managing Director for the year ended

March 31, 2021 is in excess of the limits applicable under section 197

of the Act, read with Schedule V thereto. Subsequent to year, the Holding

Company management has obtained approval of the shareholders for

remuneration paid to the: Managing

Managing Director

(DIN: 00123338)

Vellayan Subbiah

Chairman

(DIN : 01138759)

per Bharath N S

Partner

Susheel Todi

Chief Financial Officer

P Varadarajan

Company Secretary

Membership No. 210934

Chennai, 31 December, 2021

Mumbai : 31 December, 2021

` crores

REVISED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET AS AT 31 MARCH, 2021

Note No.

As at 31-03-2021

(Revised)

As at 31-03-2020

(Revised)

As at 1-04-2019

(Revised)

ASSETS

(1)

Non-current assets

(a) Property, plant and equipment

4

912.14

1228.07

1660.89

(b) Capital work-in-progress

4

12.31

11.88

67.63

(c) Goodwill

5

155.68

150.16

140.87

(d) Intangible assets

5

77.87

110.75

159.84

(e) Intangible assets under development

5

7.82

15.74

23.42

(f)

Financial assets

(i)

Investments

6

1.86

1.73

1.67

(ii)

Trade receivables

7

-

4.23

13.35

(iii)

Loans

8

6.51

6.52

6.96

(iv)

Others

9

21.62

52.46

171.69

(g) Deferred tax assets (net)

10

737.95

881.55

956.14

(h) Other non-current assets

11

14.14

10.03

9.85

1947.90

2473.12

3212.31

(2)

Current assets

(a) Inventories

12

428.27

384.34

1192.80

(b) Financial assets

(i)

Investments

13

0.01

0.01

0.01

(ii)

Trade receivables

14

586.98

522.16

1695.70

(iii)

Cash and cash equivalents

15

486.73

191.98

203.98

(iv)

Bank balances other than (iii) above

16

46.83

50.38

36.78

(v)

Loans

17

33.13

41.67

30.66

(vi)

Others

18

129.81

232.11

9.33

(c) Current tax assets (net)

129.10

122.67

109.47

(d) Other current assets

19

322.73

324.31

683.22

2163.59

1869.63

3961.95

(3)

Assets classified as held for sale and discontinued operations

45

290.17

309.44

321.46

TOTAL ASSETS

4401.66

4652.19

7495.72

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

EQUITY

(a) Equity share capital

20

267.60

125.35

125.35

(b) Other equity

21

(351.89)

(2081.48)

(587.42)

(84.29)

(1956.13)

(462.07)

LIABILITIES

(1)

Non-current liabilities

(a) Financial liabilities

(i)

Borrowings

22

835.93

587.04

1447.54

(ii)

Other financial liabilities

23

18.19

21.83

5.69

854.12

608.87

1453.23

(b) Provisions

24

27.62

33.58

84.22

(c) Deferred tax liabilities (net)

10

4.68

35.50

238.76

(d) Other non-current liabilities

25

0.46

1.10

-

(2)

Current liabilities

(a) Financial liabilities

(i)

Borrowings

26

127.99

1067.15

1426.79

(ii)

Trade payables

27

1034.52

1301.66

2310.15

(iii)

Other financial liabilities

28

1362.20

2059.15

874.21

2524.71

4427.96

4611.15

(b) Other current liabilities

29

845.24

973.59

1310.07

(c) Provisions

30

218.07

498.17

212.83

(3)

Liabilities associated with group of assets classified as held for

sale and discontinued operations

45

11.05

29.55

47.53

TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

4401.66

4652.19

7495.72

SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

2

The accompanying notes form an integral part of revised consolidated financial statements

For and on behalf of the Board

As per our report of even date

For S R B C & CO LLP

Chartered Accountants

ICAI Firm Registration No. 324982E/E300003

Natarajan Srinivasan: Managing Director

(DIN: 00123338)

Vellayan Subbiah

Managing Director

(DIN: 00123338)

Vellayan Subbiah

Chairman

(DIN : 01138759)

per Bharath N S

Partner

Susheel Todi

Chief Financial Officer

P Varadarajan

Company Secretary

Membership No. 210934

Chennai, 31 December, 2021

Mumbai : 31 December, 2021

` crores

REVISED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2021

2020-21

(Revised)

2019-20

(Revised)

[A]

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

Profit / (loss) before taxes from continuing operations

1427.16

(1399.91)

Adjustments for:

Depreciation and amortisation expense

138.31

211.48

Allowances for doubtful receivables

57.87

56.12

Bad debts written off

0.33

6.61

Gain arising on financial instruments designated as FVTPL

(0.14)

(0.06)

Finance costs

197.10

324.05

Interest income

(13.20)

(7.77)

Unrealised exchange (gain) (net)

(3.39)

(8.12)

Unrealised exchange (gain) / loss on consolidation (net)

7.11

12.87

Intangible assets write off

7.15

3.94

Loss on sale of property, plant and equipment (net)

0.23

0.08

Exceptional items (net)

(1543.67)

909.03

(1152.30)

1508.23

Operating profit before working capital changes

274.86

108.32

Adjustments for:

(Increase) / Decrease in trade and other receivables

(144.51)

757.77

(Increase) / Decrease in inventories

(85.63)

292.24

Increase / (Decrease) in trade and other payables

(248.71)

(424.69)

Increase / (Decrease ) in provisions

(21.92)

(2.58)

(500.77)

622.74

Cash (used in) / from operations

(225.91)

731.06

Income tax paid (net of refunds)

(3.52)

(19.22)

Non-controlling interest in (profit) / loss

(15.60)

(7.49)

Net cash flow (used in) / from continuing operating activities

(245.03)

704.35

Net cash flow (used in) / from discontinued operating activities

2.83

(12.80)

Net cash flow (used in) / from continuing and discontinued operating activities (A)

(242.20)

691.55

[B]

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES

Add:

Inflows from investing activities

Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment

2.63

9.17

Proceeds from sale of investments in subsidiary

0.26

-

Interest received

7.76

5.61

10.65

14.78

Less: Outflows from investing activities

Purchase of property, plant and equipment (including capital work-in- progress and capital advances)

and intangible assets

(17.67)

(51.84)

Unrealised exchange gain on consolidation (net)

(41.30)

(55.05)

Loans given to other than related parties

-

(14.94)

(58.97)

(121.83)

Net cash flow (used in) / from continuing investing activities

(48.32)

(107.05)

Net cash flow (used in) / from discontinued investing activities

-

-

Net cash flow (used in) / from continuing and discontinued investing activities (B)

(48.32)

(107.05):

Managing Director

(DIN: 00123338)

Vellayan Subbiah

Chairman

(DIN : 01138759)

per Bharath N S

Partner

Susheel Todi

Chief Financial Officer

P Varadarajan

Company Secretary

Membership No. 210934

Chennai, 31 December, 2021

Mumbai : 31 December, 2021:

letter of comfort, whatsoever has been provided by the Company to

lenders stands discharged without any further claim or liability of the Company;

-

all proceedings filed by the lenders against the Company stands withdrawn except criminal proceedings, if any, against erstwhile promoter

/ management of the Company and;

-

The Company’s loan accounts have been recognized as standard assets.

•

In April, 2021, the Company prepaid the restructured debt of ` 145.16 crores for all lenders except one by payment of aggregate amount of

` 127.75 crores, equivalent to net present value against original due date of payment. Liability towards one lender with outstanding loan of ` 4.84

crores was secured by lien over a fixed deposit of equivalent amount. The Company has recognised the difference over the present value of debt settled

amounting to ` 17.41 crores as an exceptional item.

(c)

In December, 2020, the Company, its subsidiaries, offshore lenders and TII entered into agreements to settle the corporate guarantees aggregating to

` 863.12 crores (INR equivalents of Euro and USD) issued to offshore lenders by the Company and its subsidiary, CG International B.V. (‘CGIBV’) and

the maximum exposure amount of ` 274.13 crores is to be settled ` 172.92 crores in cash (excluding foreign exchange gain of ` 1.75 crores) and

` 101.21 crores by issue of equity shares. Consequently, during the year ended 31 March, 2021 the Group has made provision of ` 92.15 crores.

Subsequent to year end, contrary to principally agreed terms of settlement, one of the lender has demanded entire outstanding amount of corporate guarantee

of ` 146.21 crores and this is being contested. During the year ended 31 March, 2021, the Company has made provision of ` 33.63 crores in relation to such

proposed settlement.

The Company and its subsidiary CGIBV have provided corporate guarantee towards credit facilities availed by CG Electric Systems Hungary Zrt. (‘ESHU’) where

due to pronouncement of bankruptcy proceedings, the bank issued invocation: letter. Subsequent to year end, CGIBV has settled the guarantee at consideration

of ` 55.79 crores.

CGIBV, a wholly owned subsidiary of CG Power and Industrial Solutions Limited , has taken a loan, which has been secured against the assets of Belgium

Entities (ceased to be subsidiaries from the assumed date of January 1, 2020) and additionally, supported with corporate guarantee by CGIBV. The said credit

facility has been utilized by Belgium Entities. The lender has invoked the corporate guarantee amounting to ` 41.56 crore due to bankruptcy proceedings

initiated of Belgium Entities. The Group has not made provision towards this invocation of corporate guarantee on the assumption that the estimated

recoverable value of assets of Belgium entities shall be sufficient to meet this liability.

(d)

Avantha Holdings Limited (‘AHL’) along-with its two affiliate companies, were classified as Promoter and Promoter Group of the Company (‘Promoters’).

After receiving necessary approval from Securities Exchange Board of India (‘SEBI’), shareholders and the Stock Exchange, the AHL and affiliate companies

shareholding is reclassified from ‘Promoter’ to ‘Public’ on 19 November, 2020 and consequently, AHL and all their associated group companies are termed

in the revised consolidated financial statements as ‘erstwhile promoter (AHL) affiliate companies’.

(e)

The Company believes that the Company or the present Board of

Managing Director (Appointed w.e.f. 26, November, 2020)

2

Sudhir Mathur

- Whole Time - Executive Director (Appointed w.e.f. 10 May, 2019 and resigned w.e.f. 26, November, 2020)

(Non- Executive Independent Director w.e.f. 1 October, 2018 upto 9 May, 2019)

3

K. N. Neelkant

- Executive Director, CEO &: Managing Director (Resigned w.e.f. 30 September, 2019)

4

Susheel Todi

- Chief Financial Officer (Appointed w.e.f. 5 February, 2021)

5

V. R. Venkatesh

- Chief Financial Officer (Ceased w.e.f. 30 August, 2019)

6

K R Viswanarayan

- Company Secretary and Compliance Officer (Appointed w.e.f. 6 February, 2021 and resigned w.e.f. 31 March, 2021)

7

Alen Ferns

- Company Secretary and Compliance Officer (Appointed w.e.f. 18 March, 2020 and ceased w.e.f. 5 February, 2021)

8

Shikha Kapadia

- Company Secretary and Compliance Officer

(Resigned as the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer w.e.f. 31 December, 2019)

9

Nimesh S Shah

- Company Secretary and Compliance Officer

(Appointed w.e.f. 1 January, 2020 and resigned w.e.f. 31 January, 2020)

10

P Varadarajan

- Company Secretary and Compliance Officer

(Appointed w.e.f. 1 April, 2021)

Non Executive Directors

1

Vellayan Subbiah

-

Managing Director during the year is approved by shareholders in the Extra-ordinary General Meeting held on

7 June, 2021.

(c)

Amount due to / from related parties:

Sr.

No

Nature of transaction / relationship

2020-21

(Revised)

2019-20

(Recasted)

1

Trade payable

Other Related Parties

Shanthi Gears Limited

0.59

-

Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Private Limited

0.11

-

Parry Enterprises India Limited

0.11

-

0.81

-

Non-current

-

-

Current

0.81

-

Total

0.81

-

2.

Trade receivable

Parent company

Tube Investments of India Limited

0.10

-

(A)

0.10

-

Non-current

-

Current

0.10

-

0.10

-

Other Related Party

Shanthi Gears Limited

0.19

-

(B)

0.19

-

Non-current

-

-

Current

0.19

-

0.19

Total

(A+B)

0.29

-

41. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (Contd.)

(v)

Other Related Parties:

1

Shanthi Gears Limited

(w.e.f. 26 November, 2020)

2

Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Private Limited

(w.e.f. 26 November, 2020)

3

Parry Enterprises India Limited

(w.e.f. 26 November, 2020)

4

Ballarpur Industries Limited#

(Ceased to be a related party w.e.f. 9 October, 2019)

5

BILT Graphic Paper Products Limited#

(Ceased to be a related party w.e.f. 9 October, 2019)

6

Avantha Holdings Limited ('AHL')#

(Ceased to be a related party w.e.f. 9 October, 2019)

7

Avantha Realty Limited#

(Ceased to be a related party w.e.f. 9 October, 2019)

8

Jhabua Power Limited#

(Ceased to be a related party w.e.f. 9 October, 2019)

9

Solaris Industrial Chemicals Limited#

(Ceased to be a related party w.e.f. 9 October, 2019)

10

CERG Advisory Private Limited

(Ceased to be a related party w.e.f. 14 December, 2019)

# Ceased to be a related party upon resignation of Gautam Thapar w.e.f. 9 October, 2019.

(vi)

Post Employment Benefit Entity:

1

CG Provident Fund

2

CG Gratuity Fund

(b)

The following transactions were carried out with the related parties :

Sr.

No

Nature of transaction / relationship

2020-21

(Revised)

2019-20

(Revised)

1

Sales of goods and services

Parent company

Tube Investments Of India Limited

0.08

-

0.08

-

Other Related Parties

Shanthi Gears Limited

0.16

-

Jhabua Power Limited

-

0.02

0.16

0.02

Total

0.24

0.02

2.

Purchase of goods and services

Other Related Party

Shanthi Gears Limited

0.50

-

Total

0.50

-

3.

Proceeds from issue of equity shares

Parent company

Tube Investments of India Limited (Refer note 3A(b))

650.00

-

Total

650.00

-

4.

Proceeds from issue of warrants

Parent company

Tube Investments of India Limited (Refer note 3A(b))

37.50

-

Total

37.50

-

5.

Payment to Key Managerial Personnel

Salaries, commission and perquisites **#

3.78

6.79

Total

3.78

6.79

6.

Other expenses

Other Related Parties

Clean Max Enviro Energy Solutions Private Limited

0.24

-

Parry Enterprises India Limited

0.28

-

CERG Advisory Private Limited

-

0.06

Total

0.52

0.06

41. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (Contd.):

Managing Director

(DIN: 00123338)

Vellayan Subbiah

Chairman

(DIN : 01138759)

per Bharath N S

Partner

Susheel Todi

Chief Financial Officer

P Varadarajan

Company Secretary

Membership No. 210934

Chennai, 31 December, 2021

Mumbai : 31 December, 2021

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION, AS REQUIRED UNDER SCHEDULE III TO THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013, OF ENTERPRISES CONSOLIDATED AS PARENT, SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021

Name of the entity in the Group

Net assets

Share in profit or loss

Share in other comprehensive income Share in total comprehensive income

As % of

consolidated net

assets

Amount ` crores

As % of

consolidated profit

or loss

Amount ` crores

As % of

consolidated other

comprehensive

income

Amount ` crores

As % of

consolidated total

comprehensive

income

Amount ` crores

Parent :

CG Power and Industrial Solutions Limited

1226.52

1033.83

53.84

688.99

(97.69)

(2.87)

53.50

686.12

Indian Subsidiaries :

CG PPI Adhesive Products Limited

21.32

17.97

0.03

0.43

(3.74)

(0.11)

0.02

0.32

CG Power Solutions Limited

(2218.46)

(1869.94)

(0.00)

(0.00)

-

-

(0.00)

(0.00)

CG Power Equipments Limited

0.02

0.02

(0.00)

(0.01)

-

-

(0.00)

(0.01)

Foreign Subsidiaries :

CG International B.V.

(1683.00)

(1418.60)

(6.15)

(78.67)

-

-

(6.13)

(78.67)

CG Power Systems Canada Inc.

4.21

3.55

0.00

0.06

-

-

0.00

0.06

CG-Ganz Generator and Motor LLC

0.03

0.02

(4.82)

(61.68)

-

-

(4.81)

(61.68)

CG Electric Systems Hungary Zrt.

(192.85)

(162.56)

(11.73)

(150.15)

-

-

(11.71)

(150.15)

CG Service Systems France SAS

-

-

(0.11)

(1.42)

-

-

(0.11)

(1.42)

CG Power Americas, LLC

(239.23)

(201.65)

(1.42)

(18.18)

-

-

(1.42)

(18.18)

QEI, LLC

98.73

83.22

1.40

17.89

-

-

1.39

17.89

CG Power Solutions UK Limited

(18.49)

(15.59)

-

-

-

-

-

-

CG Industrial Holdings Sweden AB

134.72

113.55

0.04

0.45

-

-

0.04

0.45

CG Drives and Automation Sweden AB

267.26

225.28

0.14

1.73

-

-

0.13

1.73

CG Drives and Automation Netherlands B.V.

35.67

30.07

0.19

2.40

-

-

0.19

2.40

CG Drives and Automation Germany GmbH

17.65

14.87

0.11

1.37

-

-

0.11

1.37

CG Middle East FZE

(926.72)

(781.13)

0.12

1.50

-

-

0.12

1.50

CG International Holdings Singapore Pte. Limited

(362.04)

(305.16)

4.84

61.91

(275.51)

(8.10)

4.20

53.81

Crompton Greaves Sales Network Malaysia sdn.bhd.(formerly

known as Crompton Greaves Sales Network Malaysia Sdn.Bhd.)

4.10

3.46

(0.25)

(3.17)

-

-

(0.25)

(3.17)

PT Crompton Prima Switchgear Indonesia

(27.66)

(23.31)

(1.07)

(13.71)

-

-

(1.07)

(13.71)

CG Power and Industrial Solutions Limited Middle East FZCO

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Consolidation adjustment and elimination

3758.22

3167.81

64.84

829.86

476.94

14.02

65.80

843.88

Total

(100.00)

(84.29)

100.00

1279.60

100.00

2.94

100.00

1282.54:

Managing Director

(DIN: 00123338)

Vellayan Subbiah

Chairman

(DIN : 01138759)

Himanshu Kishnadwala

Partner

Membership No. 037391

Susheel Todi

Chief Financial Officer

P Varadarajan

Company Secretary

Mumbai: 31 December, 2021

Mumbai: 31 December, 2021

` crores

REVISED STANDALONE BALANCE SHEET AS AT 31 MARCH, 2020

Note No.

As at 31-03-2020

(Revised)

As at 31-03-2019

(Recasted)

ASSETS

(1)

Non-current assets

(a) Property, plant and equipment

4

843.44

881.38

(b) Capital work-in-progress

4

1.21

11.37

(c) Intangible assets

5

39.17

37.25

(d) Intangible assets under development

5

14.25

23.42

(e) Financial assets

(i) Investments

6

14.75

898.86

(ii) Trade receivables

7

4.23

6.24

(iii) Loans

8

6.52

173.28

(iv) Others

9

33.54

43.64

(f) Deferred tax assets (net)

24

867.03

799.02

(g) Other non-current assets

10

1.08

1.88

1825.22

2876.34

(2)

Current assets

(a) Inventories

11

272.69

531.16

(b) Financial assets

(i) Investments

12

0.01

0.01

(ii) Trade receivables

13

403.06

1178.45

(iii) Cash and cash equivalents

14

100.94

104.04

(iv) Bank balances other than (iii) above

15

39.68

16.37

(v) Loans

16

35.64

40.18

(vi) Others

17

2.79

40.72

(c) Current tax assets (net)

114.11

104.17

(d) Other current assets

18

276.23

250.20

1245.15

2265.30

(3)

Assets classified as held for sale and discontinued operations

46

279.85

280.43

TOTAL ASSETS

3350.22

5422.07

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

EQUITY

(a) Equity share capital

19

125.35

125.35

(b) Other equity

20

(442.04)

1037.87

(316.69)

1163.22

LIABILITIES

(1)

Non-current liabilities

(a) Financial liabilities

(i) Borrowings

21

292.89

611.16

(ii) Other financial liabilities

22

16.22

5.59

309.11

616.75

(b) Provisions

23

33.33

54.83

(2)

Current liabilities

(a) Financial liabilities

(i) Borrowings

25

1037.93

1180.50

(ii) Trade payables

(A) Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and

small enterprises; and

26

120.06

123.73

(B) Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and

small enterprises

26

1069.90

1430.91

(iii) Other financial liabilities

27

793.80

610.15

3021.69

3345.29

(b) Other current liabilities

28

185.81

166.15

(c) Provisions

29

116.97

75.83

(3)

Liabilities associated with group of assets classified as held for sale and

discontinued operations

46

-

-

TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

3350.22

5422.07

SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

2

The accompanying notes form an integral part of revised standalone financial statements.

For and on behalf of the Board

As per our report attached

For CNK & Associates LLP

Chartered Accountants

ICAI Firm Registration No. 101961W/W-100036

Natarajan Srinivasan: Managing Director

(DIN: 00123338)

Vellayan Subbiah

Managing Director

(DIN: 00123338)

Vellayan Subbiah

Chairman

(DIN : 01138759)

Himanshu Kishnadwala

Partner

Membership No. 037391

Susheel Todi

Chief Financial Officer

P Varadarajan

Company Secretary

Mumbai: 31 December, 2021

Mumbai: 31 December, 2021

REVISED STANDALONE STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH, 2020

2019-20

(Revised)

2018-19

(Recasted)

[C]

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

Add: Inflows from financing activities

Proceeds from long-term borrowings

-

72.20

Proceeds from short-term borrowings

247.87

779.13

247.87

851.33

Less: Outflows from financing activities

Repayment of long-term borrowings

(157.09)

(353.92)

Repayment of short-term borrowings

(420.14)

(608.70)

Repayment of lease liabilities

(5.17)

-

Finance costs paid

(162.18)

(274.79)

(744.58)

(1237.41)

Net cash flow (used in) / from continuing financing activities

(496.71)

(386.08)

Net cash flow (used in) / from discontinued financing activities

-

-

Net cash flow (used in) / from continuing and discontinued financing activities

[C]

(496.71)

(386.08)

NET INCREASE / (DECREASE) IN CASH AND BANK BALANCES (A+B+C)

(3.10)

(89.11)

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year

104.04

193.15

Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year

100.94

104.04

Cash and cash equivalents from continuing operations (Refer note 14)

100.94

104.04

Cash and cash equivalents from discontinued operations

-

-

Cash and cash equivalents from continuing and discontinued operations

100.94

104.04

1

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year represent cash and bank balances and include unrealised gain of ` 0.30 crores (Previous year loss of ` 0.18 crores) on

account of translation of foreign currency bank balances.

2

Refer note 51 in respect of disclosure for changes in liabilities arising from financing activities.

3

Purchase of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets include movements of capital work-in-progress and intangible assets under development respectively during

the year.

4

The revised standalone statement of cash flows has been prepared under the 'Indirect Method' as set out in Indian Accounting Standard (Ind AS 7) Statement of Cash Flows.

(Contd.)

` crores

REVISED STANDALONE STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH, 2020

2019-20

(Revised)

2018-19

(Recasted)

[A]

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

Loss before tax from continuing operations

(1547.79)

(3544.18)

Adjustments for:

Depreciation and amortisation expense

90.54

93.20

Allowances for doubtful receivables

63.98

14.54

Bad debts written off

-

25.36

(Gain) / loss arising on financial instruments designated as FVTPL

(0.06)

7.85

Finance costs

247.97

312.85

Interest income

(11.25)

(83.87)

Dividend income

(0.38)

(0.38)

Unrealised exchange (gain) / loss (net)

36.50

50.89

Intangible assets write off

3.94

-

(Profit) / loss on sale of property, plant and equipment (net)

0.08

7.27

Exceptional items (net)

1369.27

3585.02

1800.59

4012.73

252.80

468.55

Operating profit before working capital changes

Adjustments for:

(Increase) / Decrease in trade and other receivables

603.76

446.11

(Increase) / Decrease in inventories

258.47

(117.11)

Increase / (Decrease) in trade and other payables

(478.10)

209.88

Increase / (Decrease) in provisions

7.86

(10.04)

391.99

528.84

Cash flow from operations

644.79

997.39

Income tax paid (net of refunds)

(9.94)

(16.81)

Net cash flow (used in) / from continuing operating activities

634.85

980.58

Net cash flow (used in) / from discontinued operating activities

0.49

2.08

Net cash flow (used in) / from continuing and discontinued operating activities

[A]

635.34

982.66

[B]

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES

Add: Inflows from investing activities

Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment

6.69

3.56

Loans recovered from subsidiaries and related parties

16.02

658.65

Interest received

9.08

83.56

Dividend received

0.38

0.38

32.17

746.15

Less: Outflows from investing activities

Purchase of property, plant and equipment (including capital work -in- progress

and capital advances) and intangible assets

(27.19)

(73.05)

Loans given to subsidiaries and related parties

(144.71)

(1325.31)

Loans given to other than related parties

(2.00)

(33.48)

(173.90)

(1431.84)

Net cash flow (used in) / from continuing investing activities

(141.73)

(685.69)

Net cash flow (used in) / from discontinued investing activities

-

-

Net cash flow (used in) / from continuing and discontinued investing activities

[B]

(141.73)

(685.69):

Managing Director

(DIN: 00123338)

Vellayan Subbiah

Chairman

(DIN : 01138759)

Himanshu Kishnadwala

Partner

Membership No. 037391

Susheel Todi

Chief Financial Officer

P Varadarajan

Company Secretary

Mumbai: 31 December, 2021

Mumbai: 31 December, 2021:

Letter of Comfort allegedly was issued by certain identified personnel (‘CIP’) on behlaf of the Company to bank allegedly to discharge a related party’s loan

obligations, the loan amount oustanding as at 31 March, 2019 is ` 391.88 crores. The post-dated cheque was issued against the comfort: letter.

(vii)

The Company had received notice of demand under Income Tax Act for ` 606.30 crores for financial year 2016-17, and the Hon’ble Bombay High Court

has granted the interim stay against the notice of demand until admission of appeal before the High Court. The Company had also filed an appeal before

Commissioner of Income Tax, Appeals ‘CIT(A)’ against the demand raised by Assessing Officer. Considering the facts and underlying documents with respect

to the demand raised under section 68 of the Income Tax Act, 1961, the management strongly believes that the demand is not sustainable, bad in law and

will be reversed at appellate levels. The Company awaits next hearing date from CIT(A) and High Court.

(viii) From time to time, the Company is involved in claims and legal matters arising in the ordinary course of business. Management is not currently aware of any

matters that will have a material adverse effect on the financial position, results of operations, or cash flows of the Company.

38.

OTHER EXPENSES

2019-20

(Revised)

2018-19

(Recasted)

Consumption of stores and spares

13.62

30.35

Power and fuel

32.24

44.87

Rent

4.18

13.72

Repairs to buildings

1.71

7.56

Repairs to machinery

11.51

23.70

Insurance

8.22

6.78

Rates and taxes

20.64

17.03

Freight and forwarding

66.61

131.10

Packing materials

36.72

61.21

After sales services including warranties

16.39

46.70

Sales promotion

3.94

4.23

Foreign exchange loss

25.81

62.95

Brand Royalty

-

25.68

Sub contracting charges

95.14

212.60

Managing Director (Resigned w.e.f. 30 September, 2019)

12

V. R. Venkatesh

-

Chief Financial Officer (ceased w.e.f. 30 August, 2019)

13

Omkar Goswami

-

Non- Executive Director (Resigned w.e.f. 14 December, 2019)

14

Valentin Von Massow

-

Non- Executive Independent Director (Ceased w.e.f. 5 August, 2019)

15

Shikha Kapadia

-

Company Secretary and Compliance Officer

(Resigned as the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer w.e.f. 31 December, 2019)

16

Nimesh S Shah

-

Company Secretary and Compliance Officer

(Appointed w.e.f. 1 January, 2020 and resigned w.e.f. 31 January, 2020)

(iv)

Other Related Parties in which directors are interested:

1

Ballarpur Industries Limited#

(Ceased to be a related party w.e.f. 9 October, 2019)

2

BILT Graphic Paper Products Limited#

(Ceased to be a related party w.e.f. 9 October, 2019)

3

Avantha Holdings Limited ('AHL')#

(Ceased to be a related party w.e.f. 9 October, 2019)

4

Avantha Realty Limited#

(Ceased to be a related party w.e.f. 9 October, 2019)

5

Jhabua Power Limited#

(Ceased to be a related party w.e.f. 9 October, 2019)

6

Solaris Industrial Chemicals Limited#

(Ceased to be a related party w.e.f. 9 October, 2019)

7

CERG Advisory Private Limited

(Ceased to be a related party w.e.f. 14 December, 2019)

# Ceased to be a related party upon resignation of Gautam Thapar w.e.f. 9 October, 2019.

(v)

Post Employment Benefit Entity:

1

CG Provident Fund

2

CG Gratuity Fund:

Managing Director

(DIN: 00123338)

Vellayan Subbiah

Chairman

(DIN : 01138759)

Himanshu Kishnadwala

Partner

Membership No. 037391

Susheel Todi

Chief Financial Officer

P Varadarajan

Company Secretary

Mumbai: 31 December, 2021

Mumbai: 31 December, 2021

53. PARTICULARS IN RESPECT OF LOANS AND ADVANCES IN THE NATURE OF LOANS AS REQUIRED BY REGULATION 53(F) READ WITH PARA A OF SCHEDULE V OF

THE SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015

Balance as at

Maximum outstanding during

As at 31-03-2020

(Revised)

As at 31-03-2019

(Recasted)

2019-20

(Revised)

2018-19

(Recasted)

(a)

Principal outstanding of loans and advances in the nature of

loans given to subsidiaries

CG Power Solutions Limited*

1007.96

997.98

1007.96

1314.58

CG International B.V.

2718.17

2566.38

2718.17

2566.38

CG International Holdings Singapore Pte. Limited

19.44

13.89

19.44

13.89

(b)

Loans and advances in the nature of loans where repayment

schedule is not specified

CG International B.V.

2718.17

2566.38

2718.17

1041.17

CG Power Solutions Limited*

1007.96

997.98

1007.96

1314.58

* The Company has estimated the timing of recovery of outstanding balances from such Companies and accordingly, has classified the balances as non-current. The

Company plans to initiate the recovery proceedings for these receivables based on consultation with independent legal counsel.

54.

DETAILS OF LOANS GIVEN, INVESTMENTS MADE AND GUARANTEE GIVEN COVERED UNDER SECTION 186 (4) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013.

Loans given and investments made are given under the respective heads.

Corporate guarantees given by the Company in respect of loans::

Name of the Company

As at 31-03-2020

(Revised)

As at 31-03-2019

(Recasted)

CG International B.V.

904.37

889.23

CG Electric Systems Hungary Zrt.

270.55

253.82

CG International Holdings Singapore Pte. Limited

372.51

349.48

CG Drives & Automation Sweden AB

86.92

81.55

PT CG Power Systems Indonesia

166.45

152.13

PT Crompton Prima Swtichgear Indonesia

52.09

47.61

Avantha Holdings Limited

500.00

500.00

2352.89

2273.82

55.

The Company has incurred a net loss before exceptional item of ` 178.52 crores during the year ended 31 March, 2020. As at 31 March, 2020, the Company’s

current liability exceeds its current assets by ` 2079.32 crores subject to classification of bank borrowings depending on conclusion of resolution plan with lenders.

The net current liabilities may consequently increase or decrease in case conclusion on Inter-Creditor Agreement (‘ICA’) gets extended. Due to these factors, the

going concern basis of preparation of these revised standalone financial statements could be materially affected as at 31 March, 2020.

However following mitigating factors and business updates for the year supports the going concern assumption for preparation of these revised standalone

financial statements:

-

The Company has been in active discussions with its lenders with respect to the Corrective Action Plan, after the execution of the ICA, which has been executed

by 11 out of the 14 lenders of the fund and non-fund facilities that are currently outstanding. As a part of the resolution plan, the Company and its lenders are

in discussion with potential investors for infusion of capital in the Company.

-

The Company has an unexecuted business order book of over ` 2853.00 crores as on the date of issuance of original standalone financial statements.:

Managing Director

Chairman

(DIN: 00123338)

(DIN : 01138759)

Susheel Todi

P Varadarajan

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Mumbai : 31 December, 2021:

Managing Director

Chairman

(DIN: 00123338)

(DIN : 01138759)

Susheel Todi

P Varadarajan

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Mumbai : 31 December, 2021

Consolidated

Financials

2019-20

Corporate overview | Statutory Reports | Financial Statements

Annual Report 2020-21 | A-77:

Managing Director

(DIN: 00123338)

Vellayan Subbiah

Chairman

(DIN : 01138759)

Himanshu Kishnadwala

Partner

Membership No. 037391

Susheel Todi

Chief Financial Officer

P Varadarajan

Company Secretary

Mumbai: 31 December, 2021

Mumbai: 31 December, 2021

For and on behalf of the Board

As per our report attached

For CNK & Associates LLP

Chartered Accountants

ICAI Firm Registration No. 101961W/W-100036

Natarajan Srinivasan: Managing Director

(DIN: 00123338)

Vellayan Subbiah

Managing Director

(DIN: 00123338)

Vellayan Subbiah

Chairman

(DIN : 01138759)

Himanshu Kishnadwala

Partner

Membership No. 037391

Susheel Todi

Chief Financial Officer

P Varadarajan

Company Secretary

Mumbai: 31 December, 2021

Mumbai: 31 December, 2021:

Managing Director

(DIN: 00123338)

Vellayan Subbiah

Chairman

(DIN : 01138759)

Himanshu Kishnadwala

Partner

Membership No. 037391

Susheel Todi

Chief Financial Officer

P Varadarajan

Company Secretary

Mumbai: 31 December, 2021

Mumbai: 31 December, 2021:

Letter of Comfort allegedly was issued by certain identified personnel (‘CIP’) on behlaf of the Company to bank allegedly to discharge a related party`s loan

obligations, the Loan amount oustanding as at 31 March, 2019 is ` 391.88 crores. The post-dated cheque was issued against the comfort: letter.

(vii)

The Group had received notice of demand under Income Tax Act for ` 606.30 crores for financial year 2016-17, and the Hon’ble Bombay High Court has

granted the interim stay against the notice of demand until admission of appeal before the High Court. The Group, also received a notice from National Faceless

Assessment Center requiring it to file its submission in respect of the appeal filed before Commissioner of Income Tax (Appeals), and the Group has filed the

submissions, as directed. Considering the facts and underlying documents with respect to the demand raised under section 68 of the Income Tax Act, 1961,

the management strongly believes that the demand is not sustainable, bad in law and will be reversed at appellate levels.

(viii) From time to time, the Group is involved in claims and legal matters arising in the ordinary course of business. Management is not currently aware of any

matters that will have a material adverse effect on the financial position, results of operations, or cash flows of the Group.

41.

RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES

(a)

Details of the Group’s subsidiaries and associate at the end of the reporting period considered in the preparation of the consolidated financial

statements are as follows:

(i)

Subsidiaries:

Sr.

No.

Name of the Related Parties

Country of

Incorporation

% Equity Interest

As at 31-03-2020

(Revised)

As at 31-03-2019

(Recasted)

1

CG Power Solutions Limited

India

100.00

100.00

2

CG-PPI Adhesive Products Limited

India

81.42

81.42

3

CG Power Equipments Limited

India

100.00

100.00

4

CG International Holdings Singapore Pte. Limited

Singapore

100.00

100.00

5

CG Sales Networks Malaysia Sdn Bhd (formerly known as “Crompton Greaves Sales

Network Malaysia Sdn.Bhd.”)

Malaysia

100.00

100.00

6

CG International B.V.

The Netherlands

100.00

100.00

7

CG Holdings Belgium N.V. (Ceased to be a related party w.e.f. 1 January, 2020)*

Belgium

-

100.00

8

CG Power Systems Belgium N.V. (Ceased to be a related party w.e.f. 1 January, 2020)*

Belgium

-

100.00

9

CG Power Systems Ireland Limited (Ceased to be a related party w.e.f. 1 January, 2020)*

Ireland

-

100.00

10

PT. CG Power Systems Indonesia (Ceased to be a related party w.e.f. 1 January, 2020)*

Indonesia

-

95.00

11

CG Sales Networks France SA (Ceased to be a related party w.e.f. 1 January, 2020)*

France

-

99.70

12

CG Power Solutions Saudi Arabia Limited (Ceased to be a related party w.e.f. 1 January, 2020)*

Saudi Arabia

-

51.00

13

CG Electric Systems Hungary Zrt.

Hungary

100.00

100.00

14

CG Power Solutions UK Limited

United Kingdom

100.00

100.00

15

CG Power Systems Canada Inc.

Canada

100.00

100.00

16

CG- Ganz Generator and Motor Limited Liability Company (formerly known as

“CG Holdings Hungary Kft.”)

Hungary

100.00

100.00

17

CG Service Systems France SAS

France

100.00

100.00

18

CG Industrial Holdings Sweden AB

Sweden

100.00

100.00

19

CG Drives and Automation Sweden AB

Sweden

100.00

100.00

20

CG Drives and Automations Germany GmbH

Germany

100.00

100.00

21

CG Drives and Automation Netherlands B.V.

The Netherlands

100.00

100.00

22

CG Middle East FZE

UAE

100.00

100.00

23

CG Holdings Americas, LLC (merged with CG Power Americas LLC w.e.f. April 01, 2019)

USA

-

100.00

24

QEI, LLC

USA

100.00

100.00

25

CG Power Americas, LLC

USA

100.00

100.00

26

CG Solutions Americas, LLC (merged with CG Power Americas LLC w.e.f. April 01, 2019)

USA

-

100.00

27

PT Crompton Prima Switchgear Indonesia (Subsidiary w.e.f. FY 2018-19)

Indonesia

51.00

51.00

28

CG Power and Industrial Solutions Limited Middle East FZCO (incorporated on

October 15, 2018)

UAE

100.00

100.00

* During the current year, CG Holdings Belgium N.V. (‘HBE’) and CG Power Systems Belgium N.V. (‘PSBE’) are declared bankrupt by Enterprise Court of

Antwerp, Division Mechelen (“Court”) on 3 February, 2020 and the Court has appointed Receivers. Based on the legal advice obtained, the Group believes that

it no longer retains control over above-mentioned subsidiaries, CG Power Solutions Saudi Arabia Limited and also of the step down subsidiaries of PSBE viz.,

CG Power Systems Ireland Ltd, PT CG Power Systems Indonesia and CG Sales Networks France SA (collectively ‘HBE Group’) w.e.f. the date of bankruptcy.

As stated in note 52, the Group has considered practical expedient to deconsolidate the accounts of the above mentioned subsidiaries w.e.f. 1 January, 2020

(assumed date) and consequently these entities ceased to be treated as subsidiaries and as related parties w.e.f. 1 January, 2020.

Managing Director (Resigned w.e.f.30 September , 2019)

12

V. R. Venkatesh

- Chief Financial Officer (ceased w.e.f. 30 August, 2019)

13

Omkar Goswami

- Non- Executive Director (Resigned w.e.f. 14 December , 2019)

14

Valentin Von Massow

- Non- Executive Independent Director (ceased w.e.f. 5 August, 2019)

15

Shikha Kapadia

- Company Secretary and Compliance Officer

(Resigned as the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer w.e.f. 31 December, 2019)

16

Nimesh S Shah

- Company Secretary and Compliance Officer

(Appointed w.e.f 01 January 2020 and Resigned w.e.f. 31 January, 2020)

(iv)

Other Related Parties in which directors are interested:

1

Ballarpur Industries Limited#

(Ceased to be a related party w.e.f. 9 October, 2019)

2

BILT Graphic Paper Products Limited#

(Ceased to be a related party w.e.f. 9 October, 2019)

3

Avantha Holdings Limited (‘AHL’)#

(Ceased to be a related party w.e.f. 9 October, 2019)

4

Avantha Realty Limited #

(Ceased to be a related party w.e.f. 9 October, 2019)

5

Jhabua Power Limited#

(Ceased to be a related party w.e.f. 9 October, 2019)

6

Solaris Industrial Chemicals Limited#

(Ceased to be a related party w.e.f. 9 October, 2019)

7

Avantha Power & Infrastructure Ltd#

(Ceased to be a related party w.e.f. 9 October, 2019)

8

Avantha International Assets BV#

(Ceased to be a related party w.e.f. 9 October, 2019)

9

Ballarpur International Holdings BV#

(Ceased to be a related party w.e.f. 9 October, 2019)

10

Mirabelle Trading PTE Ltd.#

(Ceased to be a related party w.e.f. 9 October, 2019)

11

CERG Advisory Private Limited#

(Ceased to be a related party w.e.f. 14 December, 2019)

# Ceased to be a related party upon resignation of Mr Gautam Thapar w.e.f. 9 October, 2019

41.

RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (Contd.)

(v)

Post Employment Benefit Entity

1

CG Provident Fund

2

CG Gratuity Fund

(b)

The following transactions were carried out with the related parties: Refer note 1 below)

Sr.

No.

Nature of transaction / relationship

2019-20

(Revised)

2018-19

(Recasted)

1

Sales of goods and services

Other Related Parties

BILT Graphic Paper Products Limited

-

0.01

Jhabua Power Limited

0.02

0.39

Total

0.02

0.40

2

Interest income

Other Related Party

Avantha International Assets BV

-

0.22

Total

-

0.22

3

Payment to Key Managerial Personnel

Salaries, commission and perquisites **

6.79

7.13

Total

6.79

7.13

4

Rent paid

Other Related Parties

Avantha Realty Limited

-

1.87

Jhabua Power Limited

-

0.55

Total

-

2.42

5

Amounts written off

Other Related Party

BILT Graphic Paper Products Limited

-

2.80

Total

-

2.80

6

Other expenses

Other Related Parties

Avantha Holdings Limited

-

38.06

Jhabua Power Limited

-

0.19

CERG Advisory Private Limited

0.06

-

Total

0.06

38.25

7

Loans and advances given during the year

Other Related Parties##

Avantha Holdings Limited

2.00

278.15

Avantha Realty Limited

-

0.42

Solaris Industrial Chemicals Limited

-

98.20

Avantha International Assets BV

-

339.93

Ballarpur International Holdings BV

-

3.11

Mirabelle Trading PTE Ltd.

-

34.36

Total

2.00

754.17

8

Loans and advances repaid during the year

Other Related Parties

Avantha Holdings Limited

-

402.11

Total

-

402.11

** Remuneration does not include the provisions made for gratuity and leave benefits, as they are determined on an actuarial basis for the Group as a whole.:

Managing Director

(DIN: 00123338)

Vellayan Subbiah

Chairman

(DIN : 01138759)

Himanshu Kishnadwala

Partner

Membership No. 037391

Susheel Todi

Chief Financial Officer

P Varadarajan

Company Secretary

Mumbai: 31 December, 2021

Mumbai: 31 December, 2021:

