MANAGING DIRECTOR’S MESSAGE

30

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

56

SENIOR LEADERSHIP

58

NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

60

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

75

BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORT

82

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

106

REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

119

STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

151

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

224

HISTORICAL PERSPECTIVE

315

FINANCIAL ANALYSIS

316

SIGNIFICANT MILESTONES

324

SHAREHOLDERS’ HANDBOOK

327:

Dear Shareholders,

With great pride and joy, I write my last message to

you as Executive Chairman. I have had the privilege of

writing this message for 30 consecutive years—sharing

my thoughts on industry directions, your company’s

progress, and our vision for its future. After providing

leadership for the company in executive roles for 30

years, I now step back to give way to fresh thinking,

competent leadership, and a future full of promise. As

I pen this last note with a medley of emotions in my

heart, I am reminded of our aspirations as a start-up,

frustrations of day-to-day struggles, delight over small

and big successes, and contentment over building and

leaving a lasting and sustainable institution.

An Institution Built to Last

I am a first-generation entrepreneur. My dream was

to create an institution—not just a profit-making

enterprise. I consciously put efforts into building an

organization that outlasts me. We took several steps

to make it happen. First, we insisted on creating a

culture driven by values—Fairness, Integrity, Respect,

Sincerity, and Transparency—and propelled by

a mindset of ambition, prudence, and customer-

centricity. We built a team that lived by these values

and perpetuated them within the organization with due

attention to diversity and inclusion. We facilitated an

environment devoid of politics and bureaucracy, and

nurtured meritocracy.

We recruited associates for their competency and

skill. We created an environment that allowed them to

grow—through project-specific training, upskilling,

soft skilling, mentoring, and coaching—and develop

their highest potential. They gave their best and

delighted customers. I know of many instances where

they put commitment to work ahead of their personal

needs and safety. We did our best to acknowledge

and value our people—and were equitable with

compensation, benefits, and rewards commensurate

with individual performance. We created meaningful

livelihoods for thousands of professionals, several

of whom continue to be associated with us for

over 25 years.

We built systems and processes to deliver consistent

quality, on time, at an affordable price. We nurtured

a collective mindset that embraced curiosity

and innovation. This helped infuse long-term

competitiveness into the company in product, process,

and business models.

Our frontline obsession made us attract, delight, and

retain reputed global customers. Our every nerve

and fiber pulsed with zeal to create customer value

consistently and win their confidence. Our associates

helped us scale customer accounts—in some cases,

far beyond expectations. This enabled us to bring

continuity into the business and lay the foundation for

a sustainable organization.

This year, we celebrate 30 years of our monumental

success. The average lifespan of a company listed on

the S&P 500 index has decreased from 67 years in the

1920s to just about 15 years today, according to Yale

Professor Richard Foster. Yet, Cyient has successfully

lasted for 30 years and continues to flourish. I always

wanted to see Cyient as an institution that outlasts me,

and I have fulfilled that mission.

Shareholder Value

We have been growing revenues year after year (except

for one pre-pandemic and one pandemic year), and

have been profitable quarter after quarter since

inception. We went public in 1997. This helped Infotech

Enterprises, as it then was, take a leadership position

in providing CAD/GIS solutions, with customers in

all five continents. We invested in sales, marketing,:

managing director on the Board, we have an

extremely strong team to take this company to new

heights in the coming years. We saw the leadership

move swiftly and decisively to maintain profitability

during the pandemic year FY20-21.

Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)

Our commitment to society evolved into a well-

established and highly-appreciated CSR activity

engaged in education, skill development, healthcare,

and community development. The Cyient Foundation

initiated its “adopt a school” program in 2007-08 to

create a replicable, scalable, conducive, and superior

learning model within the existing framework of

school education. We implemented it with passion and

commitment, motivated our associates to volunteer,

and together made a lasting difference. We launched

the program with two government schools and 850

children and have scaled it to support 28 government

schools with around 20,000 children across India today.

Right through the pandemic, Cyient ensured

continuous access to quality education for

underprivileged children in our adopted government

schools by providing access to its digital learning

centers. This secured over 88% student attendance for

online classes during these challenging times.

Tailoring students at the Cyient Urban Micro Skill

Center (CUMSC) stitched over 700,000 three-ply:

Managing Director & CEO:

Dear Shareholders,

As I reflect on the year gone by, what stands out are

the unique challenges we faced both personally and

professionally. We all have been impacted by the

pandemic and my heart goes out to those who have

lost their loved ones. In the face of these challenges,

I came to admire the focus and resilience shown by

our customers to meet the needs of their industries

and end-customers. I have been impressed by the

professionalism and dedication of our associates

who came together in unprecedented ways to ensure

business continuity and our wellbeing. I am deeply

grateful to you, our shareholders, for your unwavering

faith in the company and its growth strategy.

Despite the difficulties and disruption caused by the

pandemic, I remain confident about your company’s

growth and future. Accelerated technology adoption,

especially digital technologies, will define the post-

pandemic world and we are actively responding to

these new growth opportunities.

FY21 Recap: The Year in Review

Much of our focus in FY21 was on rebounding from

the sudden global lockdown, enabling business

continuity, ensuring the safety of our associates,

and the welfare of our communities. The pandemic

impacted most of the industries we focus on with

aerospace experiencing the most disruption. This had

a considerable impact on our business during the first

half of the year.

For FY21, we recorded revenues of INR 41,324 million,

lower by 6.7% compared to the previous year. I am

happy to report that the design-led manufacturing

(DLM) business witnessed a growth of 33.9% YoY and

recorded its highest-ever revenue of

INR 7,072 million. DLM’s performance validates our

strategy of investing in this area to offer a distinctive

design and manufacturing value proposition to our

customers. While the aerospace business affected our

performance through the year, it delivered a sequential

growth of 4% in Q4. We expect this growth momentum

to continue into the next financial year. We saw growth

in the communications business supported by major

deals in the areas of fiber, wireless, system integration,

and 5G rollout. We continue to benefit from the

accelerated deployment of 5G networks, which

now represents about 10% of our revenue. The rail

transportation business grew on the back of recovery

in key accounts and ramp-up of new engagements.

Overall, this sector is seeing increased infrastructure

projects that are creating demand across the

engineering segment. The semiconductor business

also witnessed strong growth.

The EBIT margin at 10.1% was higher by 85 bps

compared to the previous year. Normalized EBIT stood

at INR 4,162 million which represents a 2% Y-o-Y

increase. As a result, EPS was INR 33.8 per share, which

was in line with the previous year. This year we also

delivered the highest ever Free Cash Flow (FCF) at INR

7,609 million primarily due to improved profitability,

reduction in DSO, and better capital expenditure

management. Notwithstanding the challenges in

FY21, I am happy to report that Cyient paid out the

highest-ever annual dividend of ₹17 per share to our

shareholders.

S3 Strategy in Action: Driving Growth through

Strategic Investments and Partnerships

As we continue to execute our S3 strategy, we have

been strengthening our capabilities in key growth

areas. We implemented a new organization structure

to ensure better focus on key sectors and capabilities

MESSAGE FROM THE: MANAGING DIRECTOR

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer:

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer:

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer

TOM EDWARDS

President - North America

JOHN RENARD

President - Europe

NJ JOSEPH

Senior Vice President -

Corporate Strategy

DR. PNSV NARASIMHAM

President &

Chief Human Resources Officer

KARTHIKEYAN NATARAJAN

Executive Director &

Chief Operating Officer

AJAY AGGARWAL

Executive Director &

Chief Financial Officer:

letter mentioning the name

and address of the Member, self-attested copy of the

PAN card, and self-attested copy of any document

(eg.:Driving License, Election Identity Card, Passport) in

support of the address of the Member. Members holding

shares in dematerialised mode are requested to register

or update their email addresses with the relevant

Depository Participants.

15. The Notice of AGM along with Annual Report for the

financial year 2020-21, is available on the website of the

company at www.cyient.com on the website of Stock

Exchanges i.e. The BSE Limited and National Stock

Exchange of India Limited and on the website of KFin

Technologies Pvt Ltd at www.kfintech.com

16. PROCEDURE FOR REMOTE E-VOTING AND E VOTING

DURING THE AGM

Pursuant to the provisions of section 108 of the Act, the

Companies (Management and Administration) Rules,

2014 as amended by the Companies (Management

and Administration) Amendment Rules, 2015 and

Regulation 44 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015

shareholders are provided with the facility to cast their

vote electronically, through the e-voting services

provided by KFin technologies Private Limited in respect

of all resolutions set forth in this Notice. The facility of

casting votes by shareholders using an electronic voting

system from a place other than the venue of the AGM

is termed as ‘Remote Electronic Voting’ (e-voting). Mr.

S.Chidambaram, Practising Company Secretary has

been appointed as the Scrutineer to scrutinize the

voting process in a fair and transparent manner

17. The remote e-voting period commences on 14 June

2021 (09:00 am IST) and ends on 16 June 2021 (05:00 pm

IST). During this period, shareholders of the company,

holding shares either in physical form or in dematerialized

form, as on the cut-off date of 10 June 2021, may cast

their votes electronically. The remote e-voting module

will be disabled by Kfin Technologies Private Limited for

voting thereafter. Once the vote on a resolution is cast

by the shareholder, the shareholder will not be allowed to

change it subsequently or cast the vote again.

18. In addition, the facility for e-voting through electronic

voting system will be available during the AGM. Members

attending the AGM who have not cast their vote by

remote e-voting shall be eligible to cast their vote

through e-voting during the AGM. Members who have

voted through remote e-voting shall be eligible to attend

the AGM, however, they shall not be eligible to vote at

the meeting. Members holding shares in physical form

are requested to access the remote e-voting facility

provided by the Company through Kfin Technologies

Private Limited

19. Instructions for e-voting and joining the e-AGM are as

follows:

1.

Voting through electronic means:

i.

In terms of the provisions of section 108 of

the Act, read with rule 20 of the Companies

(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014

as amended (hereinafter called ‘the Rules’ for

the purpose of this section of the Notice)

and regulation 44 of the Listing Regulations,

the Company is providing facility of remote

e-voting facility to exercise votes on the

items of business given in the Notice through

electronic voting system, to members holding

shares as on 10 June 2021 (end of day), being

the cut-off date fixed for determining voting

rights of members, entitled to participate in

the remote e-voting process, through the

e-voting platform provided by KFin or to vote

at the e-AGM. Person who is not a member as

on the cut-off date should treat this Notice for

information purposes only.:

letter, etc. together with attested specimen signature

of the duly authorised signatory(ies) who is/are authorised to vote, to the Scrutiniser through email at schid285@gmail.com

and may also upload the same in the e-voting module in their login. The scanned image of the above documents should be

in the naming format ‘IEL EVENT No’

XII. In case of any queries/grievances, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Members at https://evoting.

kfintech.com/public/Faq.aspx or call KFin on 1-800-309-4001 (toll free).

Those members who have not yet registered their email addresses are requested to get their email addresses registered

with KFin, by following the procedure mentioned below:

AGM/EGM – Mobile & Email Registration

I.

Visit the link : https://ris.kfintech.com/clientservices/mobilereg/mobileemailreg.aspx

II.

Select the company name i.e. Cyient Ltd.

III.

Select the Holding type from the drop down i.e. - NSDL / CDSL / Physical:

letter duly signed by the

first shareholder, providing the email address, mobile

number, self-attested copy of PAN and Client Master

copy in case shares are held in electronic form or copy

of the share certificate in case shares are held in physical

form, to enable KFin to register their email address and

to provide them the Notice and the e-voting instructions

along with the User ID and Password.

XII. Please note that in case the shares are held in electronic

form, the above facility is only for temporary registration

of email address for receipt of the Notice and the e-voting

instructions along with the User ID and Password. Such

members will have to register their email address with

their DPs permanently, so that all communications are

received by them in electronic form.

XIII. In case of queries, members are requested to write

to einward.ris@kfintech.com or call at the toll free

number 1-800- 309-4001

2.

Instructions for members for Attending the e-AGM:

i.

Members will be able to attend the e-AGM

through VC/OAVM or view the live webcast of

AGM provided by KFin at https://emeetings.

kfintech.com by clicking on the tab “video

conference” and using their remote e-voting

login credentials. The link for e-AGM will be

available in members login where the EVENT

and the name of the Company can be selected.

Members who do not have User ID and

Password for e-voting or have forgotten the

User ID and Password may retrieve the same

by following the remote e-voting instructions

mentioned under heading A above.

ii.

Members are encouraged to join the meeting

through Laptops with Google Chrome for

better experience.

iii.

Further, members will be required to allow

camera, if any, and hence use internet with a

good speed to avoid any disturbance during

the meeting.

iv.

While all efforts would be made to make the

VC/OAVM meeting smooth, participants

connecting through mobile devices, tablets,

laptops etc. may at times experience

audio/video loss due to fluctuation in their

respective networks. Use of a stable Wi-Fi

or LAN connection can mitigate some of the

technical glitches.

v.

Members, who would like to express their

views or ask questions during the e-AGM will

have to register themselves as a speaker by

visiting the URL https://emeetings.kfintech.

com/and clicking on the tab “Speaker

Registration” during the period starting from

14 June 2021 (9.00 a.m.) upto 16 June 2021

(5.00 p.m.). Only those members who have

registered themselves as a speaker will be

allowed to express their views/ask questions

during the e-AGM. The Company reserves

the right to restrict the number of speakers

depending on the availability of time for the

e-AGM. Please note that only questions of

the members holding the shares as on cut-off

date will be considered.

vi.

A video guide assisting the members

attending e-AGM either as a speaker or

participant is available for quick reference at

URL https://emeetings. kfintech.com

vii.

Members who need technical assistance

before or during the e-AGM can contact KFin

at emeetings@kfintech.com or Helpline: 1800

345 4001.

3.

General Instructions:

i.

The Board of Directors has appointed

Mr. S.Chidambaram, Practising Company

Secretary (FCSNo. 3935 CP No. 2286) as the

Scrutinizer to the e-voting process and voting

at the e-AGM in a fair and transparent manner.:

Managing Director & CEO of the Company,

who shall declare the result of the voting. The voting

results declared along with the Scrutineer’s Report will

be placed on the company’s website www.cyient.com

and on the website of Kfin Technologies Private Limited

immediately after the declaration of the result by the

Chairman or a person authorized by the Chairman. The

results will also be immediately forwarded to the BSE

Ltd. and National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.

By Order of the Board

Place: Hyderabad

Sudheendhra Putty

Date: 22 April 2021

Company Secretary

M. No. F5689

Registered Office

4th Floor, A Wing, Plot No.11,

Software Units Layout, Infocity,

Madhapur, Hyderabad 500 081

Telangana

CIN: L72200TG1991PLC013134

Email: company.secretary@cyient.com

Website: www.cyient.com:

letter for the appointment of Mr. Ramesh

Abhishek as Independent Director setting out the terms and

conditions would be available for inspection without any fee by

the members at the Registered Office of the Company during

normal business hours on any working day and the same has

also been uploaded on the Company website https://www.

cyient.com.

The other details including the shareholding, names of

companies and the committees in which he is a member are

published elsewhere in the Annual Report.

The other details of Mr. Ramesh Abhishek in terms of

Regulation 36(3) of the Listing Regulation and Secretarial

Standard 2 are annexed to this Notice. The Board of Directors

is of the opinion that Mr. Ramesh Abhishek’s vast knowledge

and varied experience will be of great value to the Company.

Your Directors recommend the Ordinary Resolution set forth

in Item No. 4 of the Notice for approval of the members.

None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and their

relatives except Mr. Ramesh Abhishek himself and his

relatives may be deemed to be concerned or interested in the

resolution.

Item No.5 & 7:

Appointment and payment of remuneration to Mr.

Karthikeyan Natarajan (DIN 03099771) as Executive

Director and Chief Operating Officer of the Company.

The Leadership, Nomination and Remuneration Committee,

in its meeting held on 21 April 2021 recommended and the

Board of Directors, in its meeting held on the following day,

approved the appointment of Mr. Karthikeyan Natarajan

(DIN: 03099771) as Executive Director & Chief Operating

Officer of the Company.

The Company has received a notice from a Member signifying

his intention to propose the candidacy of Mr. Karthiekyan

Natarajan for the office of Director of the Company under

Section 160 of the Companies Act, 2013.

Mr. Karthikeyan Natarajan was appointed as Chief Operating

Officer of the Company in March 2020 and has provided

excellent leadership for the Operations of the Company during

the last year. Mr. Natarajan will have overall responsibility of

Operations, Delivery, Sales and Business Development for

all the company businesses. He will report to the Managing

Director & CEO and will focus on developing business

opportunities and executing them towards the goals and

objectives of the company.

Mr. Karthikeyan Natarajan satisfies all the conditions as set

out in section 196(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 and the

applicable Schedule for being eligible for his appointment. This

explanatory statement may be considered as the requisite

abstract under section 190 of the Companies Act, 2013

setting out the terms and conditions of the appointment.

Your Directors recommend the Ordinary Resolutions set forth

in Item No. 5 & 7 respectively of the Notice for approval of the

members.

None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and their

relatives except Mr. Karthikeyan Natarajan himself and his

relatives may be deemed to be concerned or interested in the

resolutions.

Item No.6 & 8:

Appointment and payment of remuneration to Mr. Ajay

Aggarwal (DIN: DIN 02565242) as Executive Director and

Chief Financial Officer of the Company.

Mr. Ajay Aggarwal (DIN: DIN 02565242) was appointed as an

Additional Director of the Company with effect from 22 April

2021 in accordance with the provisions of Section 161 of the

Companies Act, 2013 read with Articles of Association of the

Company. Pursuant to Section 161 of the Companies Act,

2013 the above Director holds office only up to the date of

ensuing Annual General Meeting of the Company.

Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Companies

Act, 2013:

letter for the appointment of Mr. Sehgal

as Independent Director setting out the terms and conditions

would be available for inspection without any fee by the

members at the Registered Office of the Company during

normal business hours on any working day and the same has

also been uploaded on the Company website https://www.

cyient.com.

The other details including the shareholding, names of

companies and the committees in which he is a member are

published elsewhere in the Annual Report.

The Board recommend the Special Resolution for re-

appointment of the Mr. Vikas Sehgal at Item No. 9 of this

notice for your approval.

None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and their

relatives except Mr. Vikas Sehgal himself and his relatives may

be deemed to be concerned or interested in the resolution.

Item No. 10:

Approval of payment of remuneration to Mr. B.V.R. Mohan

Reddy, Founder Chairman & Non-Executive Director

On the recommendation of Leadership, Nomination &

Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors of the

company at its meeting held on 22 April 2021 approved an

annual remuneration of INR 2,00,00,000/- (Indian Rupees

Two Crores only) including perquisites payable to Mr. B.V.R.

Mohan Reddy, Non-Executive Director of the company for the

financial year 2021-22.

Mr. Mohan Reddy is the Founder-Chairman of the Company.

He founded the Company (Infotech Enterprises Limited)

in 1991, with the vision of providing engineering services

to global markets. He established the “Engineered in India”

brand and led the Company to contribute more than $5 billion

in cumulative exports to several international customers,

including many Fortune 100 companies. As Founder:

Managing Director until April 2014 and as Executive Chairman

thereafter), he stepped back in April 2021 to give way to fresh

thinking, competent leadership and a future full of promise.

However, Mr. Reddy will continue as a Non-Executive and

Non-Independent Director on the Board of the Company.

In accordance with the Amendments to the SEBI (LODR)

Regulations, 2015, Mr. Mohan Reddy has stepped down as

Executive Chairman. As such, the Chairman of the Company

will be Non- Executive ( Mr. M.M. Murugappan) and not related

to the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO; Mr. Ajay

Aggarwal, President & CFO and Mr. Sudheendhra Putty,

Company Secretary are Key Managerial Personnel of the

Company in accordance with the provisions of Section(s)

2(51), and 203 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with

the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of

Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014. There has been

no change in the Key Managerial Personnel during the

Financial Year under review.

15. POLICY

ON

DIRECTORS’

APPOINTMENT

AND

REMUNERATION AND OTHER DETAILS

The Company’s policy on directors’ appointment and

remuneration and other matters provided in section

178(3) of the Act have been disclosed in the corporate

governance report, which forms part of the directors’

report.

16. NUMBER OF BOARD MEETINGS DURING THE YEAR

During the year, six meetings of the board were held,

the details of which form part of the report on corporate

governance.

17. BOARD EVALUATION AND ASSESSMENT

The company believes that formal evaluation of the

board and of the individual directors, on an annual basis,

is a potentially effective way to respond to the demand

for greater board accountability and effectiveness. For

the company, evaluations provide an ongoing means

for directors to assess their individual and collective

performance and effectiveness. In addition to greater

board accountability, evaluation of board members helps

in:

•

More effective board processes

•

Better collaboration and communication

•

Greater clarity with regard to members’ roles and

responsibilities and

•

Improved Chairman -: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

•

Feedback on management support to the Board

The

evaluation

process

elicits

responses

from

the directors in a judicious manner - ranging from

composition and induction of the board to effectiveness

and governance. It also sought feedback on board and

committee charters, strategy, risk management and

quality of discussion and deliberations at the board.

The evaluation process also ensures the fulfilment of

independence criteria as specified in the applicable

regulations and that the latter are independent of the

management. The independent directors concerned do

not participate in the evaluation process.

18. AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Company has in place an Audit Committee in terms

of the requirements of the Companies Act, 2013 read

with the rules made thereunder and Regulation 18 of the

SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015. The details relating to the same are

given in the Report on Corporate Governance forming

part of this Board Report.

19. ADEQUACY OF INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS

Internal Financial Controls are part of risk management

process addressing financial and financial reporting

risks. They ensure the orderly and efficient conduct of

business, including adherence to Company policies,

safeguarding of its assets, prevention and detection

of fraud, error reporting mechanisms, accuracy and

completeness of the accounting records. They aid in the

timely preparation of financial statements. The Internal

Financial Controls have been documented, digitised and

embedded in the business process.

20. AUDITORS

A)

Statutory Auditors

At the 28th AGM held on 6 June 2019, the members

approved the appointment of S.R. Batliboi &

Associates LLP, Chartered Accountants (Firm

Registration No. 101049W/E-300004) as Statutory

Auditors of the company to hold office for a period

of five years from the conclusion of that AGM till the

conclusion of the 33rd AGM, subject to ratification

of their appointment by Members at every AGM, if

so required under the Act. The requirement to place

the matter relating to appointment of auditors for

ratification by Members at every AGM has been

done away by the Companies (Amendment) Act,

2017 with effect from May 7, 2018. Accordingly,

no resolution is being proposed for ratification of

appointment of statutory auditors at the ensuing

AGM.

B)

Secretarial Auditors

The Board has appointed Mr. S. Chidambaram as

Secretarial Auditors for the financial year ended 31

March 2021. The Secretarial Audit Report for the

financial year ended 31 March 2021 is annexed as

Annexure ‘C’ to this report.

21. AUDITORS’ REPORT AND SECRETARIAL AUDITORS’

REPORT

The statutory auditors’ report and secretarial auditors’

report do not contain any qualifications, reservations or

adverse remarks.

During the year, the statutory auditors and secretarial

auditor have not reported any instances of frauds

committed in the Company by its Officers or Employees

to the Audit Committee under section 143(12) of the

Companies Act.

22. VIGIL MECHANISM

The Company has put in place a Whistle Blower Policy

and has established the necessary vigil mechanism as

defined under Regulation 22 of SEBI (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements), 2015 for employees and

others to report concerns about unethical behaviour.

It also provides for adequate safeguards against the

victimisation of employees who avail of mechanism. No

person has been denied access to the Chairman of the

audit committee. The Whistle blower Policy is available

on the website of the company i.e. (http://www.cyient.

com/investors/corporate-governance). The company

implemented a web based/online mechanism under the

whistle blower policy. This mechanism encompasses the

entire trail from the login of a complaint to its eventual

redressal. The system also affords a dial-in facility to

associates in various languages across the countries

where the company has its operations.

23. EMPLOYEE STOCK OPTION PLANS

During the year, the company had granted options to

the associates of the company and its subsidiaries, in

accordance with the Securities and Exchange Board

of India (Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations,

2014. Disclosure pursuant to the said regulations is

enclosed as Annexure ‘D’.:

Managing Director & CEO)

Vinai Thummalapally

(Chairman of CSR Committee):

letter.

1

The maintenance of Secretarial records is the responsibility of the Management of the Company. Further, the Company is

also responsible for devising proper systems and process to ensure the compliance of the various statutory requirements

and Governance systems.

2

It is the responsibility of the Management of the Company to ensure that the systems and process devised for operating

effectively and efficiently.

3

My responsibility is to express an opinion on these secretarial records based on my audit.

4

I have followed the audit practices and process as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness

of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected

in Secretarial records. I believe that the process and practices followed provide a reasonable basis for my opinion.

5

Wherever required, I have obtained the Management representations about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations

and happening of events etc.

6

The Compliance of the provisions of other applicable laws, rules and regulations is the responsibility of the management.

My examination was limited to the verification of procedure on test basis.

7

The secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

S. Chidambaram

Practising Company Secretary

FCS No. 3935

C P No: 2286

UDIN: F003935C000120491

Place : Hyderabad

Date : 17.04.2021:

Managing Director & CEO do hereby declare that pursuant to the provisions of Schedule V (D) of the SEBI

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, all the members of the Board and Senior Management

Personnel of the Company have furnished their affirmation of compliance with the Code of Conduct of the Company, for the

financial year ended 31 March 2021.

For Cyient Limited

Place: Hyderabad

Krishna Bodanapu

Date : 22 April 2021: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Chief Financial Officer

(DIN-05301037)

Annexure-J:

letter and

spirit

Enhancing value to all stakeholders

by appropriate compliance of law and

maintaining the socio-economic balance

Adherence

to ethical

standards

Ensuring fairness, integrity, respect,

sincerity and transparency in all its

dealings with stakeholders

Best Governance Practices

The company constantly raises the benchmark in its relentless

pursuit of corporate and business excellence. As such, it

adopts, adapts and implements - voluntarily - some of the

most robust and laudable good governance practices across

the board. These include:

•

Paperless and interactive communication amongst the

directors through a customized web based portal - a

sustainability initiative that helps in ease and pace of

decision-making

•

Following all the secretarial standards issued by the

Institute of Company Secretaries of India

•

Increased board and board committee interaction

through optimum use of technology - conduct of board

meetings in the electronic mode

•

Vendor, Investor and associate satisfaction surveys

conducted to elicit feedback from stakeholders

•

Policies and procedures for disclosure and dissemination

of information by the company

•

Internal Audit conducted by independent professionals

•

All board committees headed by independent directors

•

Designation of lead independent director and separate

meetings of independent directors

•

Board committee on Diversity and inclusion.

Strong governance policies

The company constantly strives to conduct its business

and strengthen its relationships in a dignified, distinctive

and responsible manner. The company lives by the ethos

of Values FIRST - Fairness, Integrity, Respect, Sincerity and

Transparency in all its operations and dealings. Towards this,

the company has adopted several policies and guidelines for

ethical and transparent operations. These include:

•

Code of conduct for board of directors and senior

management:

Managing Director & CEO, CFO and other members of the

senior management. They interact with the heads of all

business units and other functional heads. They are provided

a walk through among some of the centres of excellence

and given a detailed understanding of the business and its

operations.

Directors are regularly updated on changes in policies and

programmes, laws and the general business environment.

Details of the familiarization programme for Non-Executive

Directors and their: letter of appointment are published on the

website of the company in the link: http://www.cyient.com/

investors/corporate-governance/

Board Evaluation and Assessment

The Board of Directors has carried out an annual evaluation

of its own performance, board committees and individual

directors pursuant to the provisions of the Act and SEBI

Listing Regulations.

Board evaluation processes, including in relation to the

chairman, individual directors and committees, constitute

a powerful and valuable feedback mechanism to improve

board effectiveness, maximise strengths and highlight

areas for further development. In addition to greater board

accountability, evaluation of board members helps in:

•

More effective board processes

•

Better collaboration and communication

•

Greater clarity with regard to members’ roles and

responsibilities and

•

Improved

Managing Director & CEO

The CEO is vested with operational responsibility for delivering

the company’s strategy. The CEO’s relationship with the chair

is the key dynamic that underpins the effectiveness of the

board.

The CEO, with the support of the executive team, has primary

responsibility for communicating to the people working within

the business the expectations of the board in relation to the

company’s culture, values and behaviours, and for ensuring

that the appropriate standards of governance permeate

down to all levels of the organisation.

He has comprehensive and granular understanding of the

company. This is evidenced when making proposals and

exercising judgement, particularly on matters of strategy.

The CEO appreciates that constructive challenge from

non-executive directors is an essential aspect of good

governance and encourage the non-executive colleagues to

probe proposals, especially when issues of judgement are

concerned.

Role of Non-Executive Directors

Non-executive directors constructively challenge and help

develop proposals on strategy.

Non-executive directors make sufficient time available to

discharge their responsibilities effectively. This involves

being well-informed about the company, and having a strong

command of issues relevant to the business. Non-executive

directors seek constantly to develop and refresh their

knowledge and skills to ensure that their contribution to the

board remains informed and relevant.

The: letter of appointment issued to the non-executive

directors states the time the non-executive director will be

required to spend on the company’s business, and indicates

the possibility of additional time commitment when the

company is undergoing a period of particularly increased

activity, such as in the case of an acquisition or takeover.

As part of the process of learning more about the business

and of becoming effective boardroom contributors in the

company, non-executive directors - supported by the chair

and CEO - build recognition among executive directors of

their contribution in order to promote mutual respect. This,

in turn, allows them to support executive directors in their

management of the business while monitoring their conduct.

Non-executive

directors

maintain

confidence

in

the

governance of the company by upholding high standards of

integrity and probity, and supporting the chair and executive

directors in the embedding of the appropriate culture, values

and behaviours in the boardroom and beyond.

Because of the importance of the process of decision

making to the work of the board, non-executive directors

insist on accurate, clear and comprehensive information

being provided sufficiently in advance to enable thorough

consideration of the issues prior to, and informed debate and

challenge at, board meetings.

At Cyient, non-executive directors supplement their

knowledge of the business with the views of shareholders

and other stakeholders - either directly or as conveyed to

them by the chair, CEO or in special circumstances, the lead

independent director. Such opinions and judgments are

valuable in providing different perspectives of the company’s

progress and performance.

Managing Director and their remuneration.

Criteria of Selection of Non-Executive Directors

a.

The Non-Executive Directors shall be of high integrity with relevant expertise and experience so as to have a diverse Board

with Directors having expertise in the fields of manufacturing, marketing, finance, taxation, law, governance and general

management.

b.

In case of appointment of independent directors, the committee shall satisfy itself with regard to the criteria of independence

of the directors vis-à-vis the company so as to enable the board to discharge its function and duties effectively.

c.

The committee shall ensure that the candidate identified for appointment as a director is not disqualified for appointment

under Section 164 of the Companies Act, 2013.

d.

The committee shall consider the following attributes/criteria, whilst recommending to the board the candidature for

appointment as director:

•

Qualification, expertise and experience of the directors in their respective fields;

•

Personal, professional or business standing;

•

Diversity of the board.

•

In case of re-appointment of Non-Executive Directors, the Board shall take into consideration the performance

evaluation of the Director and his engagement level.

Remuneration

The Non-Executive Directors shall not be entitled to receive remuneration by way of sitting fees, reimbursement of expenses for

participation in the board / committee meetings and commission. The independent directors of the company shall not be entitled

to participate in the Stock Option Scheme of the company. The aggregate commission paid to the Non-Executive Directors is

within the statutory limit of 1% of the stand-alone net profits of the company.

Criteria for selection/appointment of CEO, CFO &: Managing

Managing Director, the industry benchmarks and the current trends and company’s performance

vis-à-vis the annual budget achievement and individual performance vis-à-vis the KRAs / KPIs.

Remuneration Policy for the Senior Management Employees including CFO

In determining the remuneration of the Senior Management Employees (i.e. KMP and Executive Committee Members) the

Committee shall ensure / consider the following:

i.

clarity on the relationship of remuneration and performance benchmark;

ii.

the balance between fixed and variable pay reflecting short and long term performance objectives, appropriate to the

working of the company and its goals, as mutually agreed;

iii.

the remuneration is divided into two components viz. fixed component comprising salaries, perquisites and retirement

benefits and a variable component comprising performance bonus;

iv.

The remuneration including annual increment and performance bonus is decided based on the criticality of the roles and

responsibilities, the Company’s performance vis-à-vis the annual bud get achievement, individual performance vis-à-vis

KRAs / KPIs, industry benchmark and current compensation trends in the market as mutually agreed.

Directors Remuneration

a)

Executive Directors

The remuneration paid/payable to the Executive Directors is given below:

(Amount in ₹ )

Sl.

No.

Name of the Director

Salary

Commission

PF

Superannuation

Total

1

B.V.R. Mohan Reddy

0

4,96,36,911

0

0

4,96,36,911

2

Krishna Bodanapu

1,44,05,464

9,92,73,822

17,28,000

21,60,000

11,75,67,286

(a)

None of the directors have exercised/ been granted stock options/RSUs during the year.

(b)

The above amounts do not include provisions for encashable leave, gratuity and premium paid for Group Health

Insurance as separate actuarial valuation/premium paid are not available for the executive chairman and managing

director & CEO.

(c)

The percentage of commission (incentive) is linked to the overall performance of the Executive Director and the

company.

(d)

The terms and conditions including remuneration is as per the resolution passed by the members at their meeting held

on 6 June 2019 and 31 July 2020. An amount of ` 2,50,96,154 is towards gratuity for Mr. Mohan Reddy who stepped

down as an Executive effective 31 March 2021.

(e)

The notice period is two months/six months on either side, for Mr. Mohan Reddy and Mr. Krishna Bodanapu

respectively.

b)

Non-Executive Directors

The commission payable to the Non-Executive Directors during the year under review is in conformity with the applicable

provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, and duly considered and approved by the board and the shareholders (vide postal

ballot resolution passed on 30 October 2014).

The company does not pay any sitting fees to its directors.:

Managing Director & CEO and Chief Financial Officer have given a Certificate to the Board as contemplated in SEBI

(LODR) Regulations, 2015. This is published elsewhere in the Annual Report.

(b)

There are no materially significant related party transactions please refer note No. 32 of the consolidated financial

statements, forming part of this Annual Report

(c)

There were no pecuniary transactions with any of the Non-Executive Directors, except payment of commission.

(d)

A compliance report of all applicable laws and regulations duly signed by the Executive Chairman, Chief Financial Officer

and the Company Secretary is placed at periodic intervals for review by the Board. The Board reviews the compliance

of all the applicable laws and gives appropriate directions wherever necessary.

(e)

The board considers materially important show cause/demand notices received from statutory authorities and

the steps/action taken by the company in this regard. A status report of material legal cases and disputed liabilities

pending before the various courts/judicial forums is also put up to the board on a quarterly basis. During the year the

company received no such notices.

(f)

The board of directors has laid-down a ‘Code of Conduct’ (Code) for all the board members and senior management

personnel of the company and this Code is posted on the website of the Company. Annual declaration is obtained from

every associate covered by the Code. The declaration of the: Managing Director & CEO, as required under SEBI (LODR)

Regulations, 2015, is published elsewhere in the Annual Report.

(g)

The board regularly discusses the significant business risks identified by the management and the mitigation process

being taken up. A detailed note on the risk identification and mitigation is included in the Risk Management Report and

Management Discussion and Analysis annexed to the Directors’ Report.

(h)

No penalties or strictures were imposed on the company by the Stock Exchanges, SEBI or other statutory authorities

during the last three years.

(i)

The company is compliant with the provisions of applicable laws and the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015.

(j)

The senior management have affirmed to the board of directors that there are no material, financial and commercial

transactions, where they have personal interest that may have a potential conflict with the interest of the company.

(k)

Mr. Krishna Bodanapu is the son of Mr. B.V.R. Mohan Reddy. There are no inter-se relationships between and among any

other directors.

(l)

The company is preparing its financial statements in line with the accounting standards prescribed under section 133

of the Companies Act, 2013.

(m) The company has not raised any fresh funds from the public or through Rights or Preferential Issue(except ASOPs).

(n)

The board has accepted all recommendations made by the respective committees, as applicable.

(f)

Whistle blower policy

The Company has adopted a Whistle Blower Policy and has established the necessary vigil mechanism as defined under

Regulation 22 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), 2015 for directors and employees to report

concerns about unethical behaviour. No person has been denied access to the

Managing Director & CEO

05301037

24/04/2014

3

Murugappan Murugappan Muthiah

Non-executive & Non

independent Director

00170478

10/08/1997

4

Som Mittal

Independent Director

00074842

24/04/2014

5

Vinai Kumar Thummalapally

Independent Director

07797921

20/04/2017

6

Vikas Sehgal

Independent Director

05218876

17/10/2018

7

Alain A De Taeye

Non-executive & Non

independent Director

03015749

21/04/2010

8

Matangi Gowrishankar

Independent Director

01518137

25/04/2019

9

Vivek Narayan Gour

Independent Director

00254383

25/04/2019

10

Ramesh Abhishek

Independent Director

07452293

12/08/2020

Ensuring the eligibility for the appointment / continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management

of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on our verification. This certificate is neither an

assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has

conducted the affairs of the Company.

Place: Hyderabad

Date: 17.04.2021

S. Chidambaram

Practicing Company Secretary:

FCS No. 3935

C P No: 2286

UDIN: F003935C000120535:

Managing Director and CEO

Partner

(DIN - 00058215)

(DIN - 00605187)

Membership No.: 093649

Ajay Aggarwal

Sudheendhra Putty

Executive Director and

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

(M.No. - F5689)

(DIN-02565242)

Place : Mumbai

Place : Hyderabad

Date : April 22, 2021

Date : April 22, 2021

Particulars

Notes

As at

March 31, 2021

As at

March 31, 2020

Current liabilities

Financial liabilities

(a) Trade payables

13

(i) total outstanding dues of micro enterprises

and small enterprises

11

13

(ii) total outstanding dues of creditors other than

micro enterprises and small enterprises

2,741

2,571

(b) Lease liabilities

3B

272

347

(c) Other financial liabilities

14

84

331

Income tax liabilities (net)

16 (f)

97

134

Provisions

12

200

163

Other current liabilities

15

1,229

337

Total current liabilities

4,634

3,896

Total liabilities

6,410

5,744

Total equity and liabilities

30,389

26,727

Corporate information and significant accounting policies

Accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial

statements

1 & 2:

Managing Director and CEO

Partner

(DIN - 00058215)

(DIN - 00605187)

Membership No.: 093649

Ajay Aggarwal

Sudheendhra Putty

Executive Director and

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

(M.No. - F5689)

(DIN-02565242)

Place : Mumbai

Place : Hyderabad

Date : April 22, 2021

Date : April 22, 2021:

Managing Director and CEO

Partner

(DIN - 00058215)

(DIN - 00605187)

Membership No.: 093649

Ajay Aggarwal

Sudheendhra Putty

Executive Director and

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

(M.No. - F5689)

(DIN-02565242)

Place : Mumbai

Place : Hyderabad

Date : April 22, 2021

Date : April 22, 2021:

Managing Director and CEO

Partner

(DIN - 00058215)

(DIN - 00605187)

Membership No.: 093649

Ajay Aggarwal

Sudheendhra Putty

Executive Director and

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

(M.No. - F5689)

(DIN-02565242)

Place : Mumbai

Place : Hyderabad

Date : April 22, 2021

Date : April 22, 2021:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

who evaluates Company’s performance and allocates

resources based on an analysis of various performance

indicators by business verticals and geographical

segmentation of customers. The Company has only

one reportable business segment, which is rendering of

Services. Segment information has been presented in

the Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance

with Ind AS 108 notified under the Companies (Indian

Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015.

xix. Financial instruments

(A) Initial recognition:

Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised

when a Company becomes a party to the contractual

provisions of the instruments. Financial assets and

financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value and

subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value

through other comprehensive income and fair value

through profit or loss. Transaction costs that are directly

attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets

and financial liabilities (other than financial assets and

financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are

added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial

assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial

recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to

the acquisition of financial assets or liabilities at fair value

through profit or loss are recognised immediately in

statement of profit and loss.

(B) Subsequent measurement

a. Non-derivative financial instruments

i)

Financial assets carried at amortised cost: A

financial asset is subsequently measured at

amortised cost if it is held within a business

model whose objective is to hold the asset in

order to collect contractual cash flows and the

contractual terms of the financial asset give

rise on specified dates to cash flows that are

solely payments of principal and interest on the

principal amount outstanding.

ii)

Financial assets at fair value through other

comprehensive income: A financial asset is

subsequently measured at fair value through

other comprehensive income if it is held within

a business model whose objective is achieved

by both collecting contractual cash flows and

selling financial assets and the contractual

terms of the financial asset give rise on specified

dates to cash flows that are solely payments of

principal and interest on the principal amount

outstanding. The Company may also make an

irrevocable election for its investments which

are classified as equity instruments to present

the subsequent changes in fair value in other

comprehensive income based on its business

model.:

Managing Director and CEO

Ajay Aggarwal

Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer

Karthikeyan Natarajan (effective 05 March 2020)

Executive Director and Chief Operating Officer

Sudheendhra Putty

Company Secretary

K. Ramachandran (until 06 June 2019)

Independent Director

Som Mittal

Independent Director

Andrea Bierce (until 06 June 2019)

Independent Director

John Paul Paterson (until 06 June 2019)

Independent Director

Vinai Kumar Thummalapally

Independent Director

Vikas Sehgal

Independent Director

Vivek Gour (effective 25 April 2019)

Independent Director

Matangi Gowrishankar (effective 25 April 2019)

Independent Director

Ramesh Abhishek (effective 12 Aug, 2020)

Independent Director (additional director)

M.M. Murugappan

Non-Executive and Non-independent Director

Alain De Taeye

Non-Executive and Non-independent Director

Relative of Executive Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director &

CEO and Executive Officers#1&2

267

188

Dividend paid during the year

Executive Chairman,: Managing Director &

CEO and Executive Officers#1

-

98

Commission and other

benefits

Non-Executive and Independent Directors

14

13

#1 Executive officers includes Ajay Aggarwal (Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer), Sudheendhra Putty (Company

Secretary), Karthikeyan Natarajan (Executive Director and Chief Operating Officer) and B. Ashok Reddy (Relative of Executive

Managing Director

& CEO

136

102

Commission and other

benefits payable

Non-Executive and Independent Directors

14

13

Notes:

1. During the year, the Company has impaired the carrying value of its investment in joint venture company, Infotech HAL

Limited, India of ₹ 20, based on the long term outlook of the business.

During the previous year, the Company has written-off ₹ 41 towards outstanding advances and trade receivables from

Infotech HAL Limited, Joint venture.

2. During the year, the Company has impaired the carrying value of investment in its subsidiary company, Cyient Singapore

Private Limited by ₹ 94, based on the business forecasts and long term outlook of the business.

3. During the previous year, Company’s subsidiary, Cyient Solutions and Systems Private Limited (‘CSS’) has recognised

one-time charge of ₹ 222 relating to costs incurred on development of UAV systems in view of the potential delays in

materialization of orders. Accordingly, a corresponding provision for impairment of the loan given to CSS of ₹ 311 has been

recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss for FY 20.

During the year, CSS has recovered ₹ 35 against aforesaid impairment of non-current assets.

4.

Foreign exchange restatements have not been disclosed as transactions during the year.:

Managing Director and CEO

Partner

(DIN - 00058215)

(DIN - 00605187)

Membership No.: 093649

Ajay Aggarwal

Sudheendhra Putty

Executive Director and

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

(M.No. - F5689)

(DIN-02565242)

Place : Mumbai

Place : Hyderabad

Date : April 22, 2021

Date : April 22, 2021:

Managing Director and CEO

Partner

(DIN - 00058215)

(DIN - 00605187)

Membership No.: 093649

Ajay Aggarwal

Sudheendhra Putty

Executive Director and

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

(M.No. - F5689)

(DIN-02565242)

Place : Mumbai

Place : Hyderabad

Date : April 22, 2021

Date : April 22, 2021:

Managing Director and CEO

Partner

(DIN - 00058215)

(DIN - 00605187)

Membership No.: 093649

Ajay Aggarwal

Sudheendhra Putty

Executive Director and

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

(M.No. - F5689)

(DIN-02565242)

Place : Mumbai

Place : Hyderabad

Date : April 22, 2021

Date : April 22, 2021:

Managing Director and CEO

Partner

(DIN - 00058215)

(DIN - 00605187)

Membership No.: 093649

Ajay Aggarwal

Sudheendhra Putty

Executive Director and

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

(M.No. - F5689)

(DIN-02565242)

Place : Mumbai

Place : Hyderabad

Date : April 22, 2021

Date : April 22, 2021:

Managing Director and CEO

Partner

(DIN - 00058215)

(DIN - 00605187)

Membership No.: 093649

Ajay Aggarwal

Sudheendhra Putty

Executive Director and

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

(M.No. - F5689)

(DIN-02565242)

Place : Mumbai

Place : Hyderabad

Date : April 22, 2021

Date : April 22, 2021:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

evaluates Cyient Group’s performance and allocates

resources based on analysis of various performance

indicators by business verticals and geographical

segmentation of customers. Refer note 2.3 (iii) for change

in accounting policy and note 30 for operating segment

information.

2.24 Financial instruments

(A)

Initial recognition:

Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised

when a Group entity becomes a party to the contractual

provisions of the instruments. Financial assets and

financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value and

subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value

through other comprehensive income and fair value

through profit or loss. Transaction costs that are directly

attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets

and financial liabilities (other than financial assets and

financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are

added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial

assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial

recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the

acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair

value through profit or loss are recognised immediately in

consolidated statement of profit and loss.

(B) Subsequent measurement:

a.

Non-derivative financial instruments

i)

Financial assets carried at amortised cost: A

financial asset is subsequently measured at

amortised cost if it is held within a business model

whose objective is to hold the asset in order to

collect contractual cash flows and the contractual

terms of the financial asset give rise on specified

dates to cash flows that are solely payments of

principal and interest on the principal amount

outstanding.

ii)

Financial assets at fair value through other

comprehensive income: A financial asset is

subsequently measured at fair value through

other comprehensive income if it is held within a

business model whose objective is achieved by

both collecting contractual cash flows and selling

financial assets and the contractual terms of the

financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash

flows that are solely payments of principal and

interest on the principal amount outstanding.

The Group has made an irrevocable election for

its investments which are classified as equity

instruments to present the subsequent changes in

fair value in other comprehensive income based on

its business model.

iii)

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss:

Financial assets which are not classified in any of

the above categories are subsequently fair valued

through profit or loss.

iv)

Financial

liabilities:

Financial

liabilities

are

subsequently carried at amortised cost using the

effective interest method, except for contingent

consideration recognised in a business combination

which is subsequently measured at fair value

through consolidated statement of profit and loss.

For trade and other payables maturing within one

year from the Balance Sheet date, the carrying

amounts approximate fair value due to the short

maturity of these instruments.

b.

Derivative financial instruments:

The Group enters into a variety of derivative financial

instruments to manage its exposure to interest rate and

foreign exchange rate risks, including foreign exchange

forward contracts.

Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value at the

date the derivative contracts are entered into and are

subsequently remeasured to their fair value at the end

of each reporting period. The resulting gain or loss is

recognised in consolidated statement of profit and loss:

letter of credit from HSBC Bank, India.

This loan is secured by a corporate guarantee from Cyient Limited.

Cyient Europe Limited - (Interest ranging from 0.78%- 2.9%)

(a) Loan outstanding from HSBC bank as at March 31, 2021 was ₹ 0.3 (EUR 3,357) (March 31, 2020: ₹ 46 (EUR 549,164))

This loan is secured by a corporate guarantee from Cyient Limited.

(b) Loan outstanding from HSBC bank as at March 31, 2021 was ₹ 380 (GBP 3,760,638) (March 31, 2020: ₹ 98 (GBP

1,056,329)).

This loan is secured by corporate guarantee from Cyient Limited and charge on all existing and future freehold and

leasehold property and other assets and liabilities.

(c) Loan outstanding from Citibank as at March 31, 2021 was ₹ 162 (GBP 1,600,000) (March 31, 2020: ₹ 149

(GBP 1,600,000)). This loan is secured by a corporate guarantee from Cyient Limited.

Cyient SRO - (Interest ranging from 4.0%- 5.5%)

Loan outstanding from HSBC bank as at March 31, 2021 was ₹ 35 (CZK 10,657,686) (March 31, 2020: ₹ 89

(CZK 29,058,391). This loan is secured by a corporate guarantee from Cyient Limited.

Cyient Australia Pty Limited-(Interest rate of 1.65%)

Loan outstanding from HSBC bank as at March 31, 2021 was ₹ 258 (AUD 4,615,553) (March 31, 2020: ₹ Nil).

This loan is secured by a corporate guarantee from Cyient Limited.:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer who evaluates Cyient

Group’s performance and allocates resources based on an analysis of various performance indicators by business verticals

and geographical segmentation of customers.

The Cyient Group has identified business segments as its primary segment and geographic segments as its secondary

segment.

Geographic segments of the Cyient Group are North America, Europe and Asia Pacific.

Effective April 1, 2019, in furtherance of the Group S3 strategy, the Group has re-organized certain business units and its

operating structure to enable a strong solution focus across all the business units. In view of the structural changes, the

Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) reviews the business as two operating segments - ‘Services’ and ‘Design led

Manufacturing’ (DLM), and in accordance with the core principles of Ind AS 108 - ‘Operating Segments’, these have been

considered as the reportable segments of the Group.

The ‘Services’ segment comprises the Group service and solutions offerings across the of Aerospace & Defence,

Transportation, Semiconductor, Medical & Healthcare, Communications, Energy & Utilities and Portfolio business units. The

‘DLM’ segment is engaged in providing electronic manufacturing solutions in the fields of medical, industrial, automotive,

telecommunications, defence and aerospace applications including manufacture and machining of components for

aerospace, automotive and defence industries.

The Group has re-presented the information relating to all comparative periods in line with this revised segmental

classification.

The accounting policies adopted for segment reporting are in line with the accounting policies of the Group. Segment

revenue, expenses, assets and liabilities have been identified to segments on the basis of their relationship to the operating

activities of the segment.

Revenue, expenses, assets and liabilities which relate to the Group as a whole and are not allocable to segments on reasonable

basis have been included under “unallocable revenue /expenses /assets /liabilities”.

B.

Segment revenue and results

Particulars

Segment Revenue

Segment Profit

Year ended

March 31, 2021

Year ended

March 31, 2020

Year ended

March 31, 2021

Year ended

March 31, 2020

Services

34,249

38,997

4,097

4,174

Design Led Manufacturing

7,091

5,320

584

(163)

Less: Inter segment revenue

16

43

-

-

Total

41,324

44,274

4,681

4,011

Less : Finance costs

433

486

Add: Unallocable income (net of unallocable

expenses)

523

1,183

Add : Share of (loss)/profit from joint venture

-

(26)

Profit before tax

4,771

4,682:

Managing Director & CEO

Ajay Aggarwal

Executive Director & Chief Financial Officer

Karthikeyan Natarajan (effective 05 March, 2020)

Executive Director & Chief Operating Officer

Sudheendhra Putty

Company Secretary

Som Mittal

Independent Director

Vinai Kumar Thummalapally

Independent Director

Vikas Sehgal

Independent Director

Vivek Gour (effective 25 April, 2019)

Independent Director

Matangi Gowrishankar (effective 25 April, 2019)

Independent Director

Ramesh Abhishek (effective 12 August, 2020)

Independent Director (additional director)

K. Ramachandran (until 06 June, 2019)

Independent Director

Andrea Bierce (until 06 June, 2019)

Independent Director

John Paul Paterson (until 06 June, 2019)

Independent Director

M.M. Murugappan

Non-Executive & Non-independent Director

Alain De Taeye

Non-Executive & Non-independent Director:

Managing Director & CEO

B. Ashok Reddy

President – Corporate Affairs & Infrastructure ( till 30 June, 2020)

& Advisor to Company ( till 31 March, 2021)

Summary of the transactions and balances with the above related parties are as follows:

(a) Transactions during the year:

Nature of the transaction

Party name

For the year ended

March 31, 2021

March 31, 2020

Share of loss from joint venture

Infotech HAL Limited

-

(26)

Advance given

Infotech HAL Limited

-

2

CSR expenditure

Cyient Foundation

102

83

Compensation to key management personnel as follows:

Nature of the transaction

Party name

For the year ended

March 31, 2021

March 31, 2020

Short-term benefits

Executive Chairman,: Managing Director

& CEO and Executive officers#1 & 2

267

188

Dividend paid

Executive

Managing Director and CEO

Partner

(DIN - 00058215)

(DIN - 00605187)

Membership No.: 093649

Ajay Aggarwal

Sudheendhra Putty

Executive Director and

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

(M.No. - F5689)

(DIN-02565242)

Place : Mumbai

Place : Hyderabad

Date : April 22, 2021

Date : April 22, 2021:

Managing Director & CEO

May

Re-branding completed, new logo launched and Company’s name changed to Cyient

August

Acquired 51% stake in Invati Insights Pvt. Ltd., Hyderabad

October

Set up a subsidiary in Australia

December

Won the 14th ICSI National Award for Excellence in Corporate Governance

2015

January

Acquired 74% stake in Rangsons Electronics Pvt. Ltd., Mysore

April

Mr. B.V.R. Mohan Reddy elected Chairman of National Association of Software Services Companies

(NASSCOM)

July

Acquired Pratt & Whitney Global Services Engineering Asia, Singapore

August

Divested entire stake in Infotech Enterprises Information Technology Services Private Limited, a

wholly owned subsidiary

Launched National Digital Literacy Mission Centre

September

R&D Unit recognised by Department of Scientific and Industrial Research, Ministry of Science and

Technology, Government of India

October

Set up step down subsidiary in Czech republic

2016

February

Established state of the art development centre in Warangal, Telangana

March

‘Lifetime Achievement Award’ conferred on Mr. B.V.R. Mohan Reddy by Hyderabad Management

Association

Set up a subsidiary in China

May

Awarded 2015 Supplier of the Year by Boeing

June

Inaugurated Global Design Center in Bengaluru for SMEC

July

Set up subsidiary in Israel

August

Marked its 25th Anniversary by enabling large scale inclusive ‘Digital Literacy’ Mission

October

Mr. B.V.R. Mohan Reddy appointed as the Honorary Consul of the Federal Republic of Germany

November

Cyient Europe Limited acquired 100% stake in Blom Aerofilms Limited, UK

December

Zinnov Zones 2016 Rates Cyient in the Leadership Zone in Four Industry Verticals

2017

January

Secured Prestigious Pratt & Whitney 2016 Supplier Innovation and Productivity Savings Awards

February

Cyient Inc. acquired 100% stake in Certon Software Inc, a Florida based company

March

Mr. B.V.R. Mohan Reddy awarded the Padma Shri Award, 2017 for distinguished and exceptional

achievement in Trade & Industry

New facility set up at Pune, Maharashtra

April

Incorporated Cyient Solutions and Systems Private Limited

September

Acquired B&F Design Inc. through US subsidiary

November

Recognised as one of ‘India’s most innovative organisations’ by CII

December

Divested company’s stake in Infotech Aerospace Services Inc., Puerto Rico

December

Voluntarily obtained a rating of CGR 2+ from ICRA for corporate governance practices

2018

February

Won Pratt & Whitney awards for supplier innovation and productivity savings

March

Adopted a new set of Articles of Association

April

Non-resident shareholding in the company limited to 49%

Acquisition of AnSem NV, Belgium through Cyient Europe Limited

May

Cyient Insights becomes wholly owned subsidiary

October

Incorporated Cyient Urban Micro Skill Centre Foundation, a section 8 company

2019

January

Cyient DLM becomes wholly owned subsidiary

February

Company commences first ever buyback of its shares

March

Dissolved Cyient Insight LLC, USA, a step down subsidiary of the company

April

Completion of buyback of company shares

July

New Technology Precision Machining Co., Inc was merged with Cyient Defense Services Inc.

2020

April

Commissioned new factory for DLM business in Hyderabad

August

Acquired Integrated Global Partners Pty Ltd., Australia

2021

February

Launched “Design for Circularity” Consulting and Engineering Practice:

letter, duly signed by the first holder, stating the new address and folio numbers of the shares

you own to our R & T agents. An acknowledgement will be sent to your new address confirming the up-dation of the change in

our records.

In the case of dematerialized holdings, please write to your Depository Participant (DP) intimating them of the change and ask for

a confirmation that their records reflect the new address.

If dividend cheque is lost/was never received/has expired, how to get a fresh cheque re-issued?

Please write to our R&T Agent, with details of folio numbers (in the case of physical holdings) or the DP ID and Client ID in the case

of dematerialized holdings. After verification, they will issue a fresh instrument.

To avoid this problem in the future, you can use the ECS facility in which the dividend amount is automatically credited to the bank

account of your choice. To avail of this facility, give your request to our R&T agent in writing.

Also, you might consider dematerializing your holdings through a Depository Participant. This would not only eliminate the issues

of storage and risk of loss of paper certificates but also ensure automatic crediting of dividends to your bank account.

How does a shareholder re-claim the shares and/or unclaimed dividend transferred to IEPF?

Such shareholders may make an application to the IEPF Authority in Form No. IEPF-5 available on www.iepf.gov.in online and send

a physical copy of the same duly signed to the R&T Agent along with requisite documents enumerated in the Form No. IEPF-5.

No claims shall lie against the company in respect of the dividend/shares so transferred to the IEPF.:

