Managing Director, Mr. Bharat Madan, Group Chief

Financial Officer & Corporate Head, Mr. Brijesh Lamba,

Head - Legal and/ or Mr. Satyendra Chauhan, Company

Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company be and

are hereby severally authorised to sign any document(s)

or do any or all such acts, deeds and things as they may,

in their absolute discretion, deem necessary or desirable,

and to settle any question(s), difficulty or doubt that may

arise, in order to give effect to the above resolution for

and on behalf of the Company.”

7.

To approve proposed amendment to the Escorts Limited

Employee Stock Option Scheme, 2006(“ESOP Scheme”)

of the Company and in this regard, to consider and if

thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the

following resolution as a “Special Resolution”.

“Resolved That pursuant to the provisions of Section

62(1)(b) and other applicable provisions, if any, of the

Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”), read with Rule 12 of the

Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014,

the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based

Employee Benefits) Regulations 2014, as amended, read

with circular issued by the Securities and Exchange Board

of India dated June 16, 2015, bearing number CIR/CFD/

POLICY CELL/2/2015 (“SEBI SBEB Regulations”), the

applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the “SEBI

LODR Regulations”), (including any statutory modification

or re-enactment thereof, for the time being in force),

relevant provisions contained in the memorandum of

association and articles of association of the Company,

and such other rules, regulations and guidelines of any/

various statutory /regulatory authority (ies) that are or may

become applicable from time to time and other prevailing

statutory guidelines in that behalf (hereinafter together

referred to as “the Applicable Laws”), and subject to any

approval(s), consent(s), permission(s) and/or sanction(s) as

may be required from appropriate regulatory authorities/

institutions, consent of the members be and is hereby

accorded to amend the Escorts Limited Employee Stock

Option Plan, 2006 (“ESOP Scheme”) which is updated

in terms of the Applicable Laws apart from few other

with a view to ensure better efficacy and administration

of the Plan.

Resolved Further That the Board (including any

committee thereof), be and is hereby authorized to

take such steps as may be necessary and to settle all

matters arising out of and incidental thereto and sign

and execute all deeds, applications, documents and

writings that may be required, on behalf of the Company

and generally to do all acts, deeds and things that may

be necessary, proper, expedient or incidental for the

purpose of giving effect to the resolution.

Resolved Further That the Board of Directors and/or

Company Secretary of the Company be and are hereby

severally authorized to submit the copy of the amended

ESOP Scheme to any regulatory authority and to file

necessary forms with the Registrar of Companies, NCT

of Delhi & Haryana and to do all such acts, deeds and

things as may be necessary or incidental to give effect

to this resolution.”

NOTES:

1.

The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102(1) of

the Companies Act, 2013, (“Act”) which sets out details

relating to Special Business at the Meeting, is annexed

hereto.

2.

Pursuant to requirements of Securities and Exchange

Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing

Regulations”) in relation to corporate governance and

the applicable Secretarial Standards, the information

required to be provided in case of appointment/ re-

appointment of Director, is set out at the Annexure I to

this Notice.

3.

In view of the continuing Covid-19 pandemic, the Ministry

of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) has vide its circular dated

April 8, 2020, April 13, 2020, May 5, 2020, January

13, 2021, and various other circulars related thereto

(collectively referred to as “MCA Circulars”) and Circular

No. SEBI/HO/CFD/ CMD1/CIR/P/2020/79 dated May

12, 2020 and SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD2/CIR/P/2021/11

dated January 15, 2021 issued by the Securities and

Exchange Board of India (“the SEBI Circulars”) permitted

the holding of the Annual General Meeting through VC/

OAVM (“AGM” or “e-AGM”), without the physical presence

of the members of the Company at a common venue.

Accordingly, in compliance with the provisions of the Act,

SEBI Listing Regulations and MCA Circulars, the AGM

of the Company is being held through VC/ OAVM. The

deemed venue of the AGM shall be the registered office

of the Company. The Company has engaged the services

of M/s Kfin Technologies Private Limited, Registrar &

Transfer Agent of the Company (“KFIN” or “RTA”) as

the Authorised Agency for conducting the e-AGM and

providing e-voting facility for casting the votes by the

members using an electronic voting system.

Escorts Limited

2:

letter duly signed by the 1st shareholder,

providing the email address, mobile number, self-

attested copy of PAN and Client Master copy in case

shares are held in electronic form or copy of the share

certificate in case shares are held in physical form, to

enable KFIN to temporarily register their email address

and mobile number so as to enable the Company to

issue the Notice of the AGM, the Annual Report of the

Company for the financial year 2020-21 and the e-voting

3:

Letter etc., together

with attested specimen signature(s) of the duly

authorised representative(s), to the Scrutinizer at

email pcs.jga@gmail.com with a copy marked to

evoting@kfintech.com. The scanned image of the

above mentioned documents should be in the naming

format “Escorts Limited Event No.”

b.

In case of members whose email IDs are not registered

with the RTA/ Depository Participant(s) shall first register

the same in the following manner:

• Members holding shares in physical form

Members holding shares in physical mode, who have

not registered/ updated their email addresses with

the RTA, are requested to register/update the same

by clicking on https://ris.kfintech.com/clientservices/

mobilereg/mobileemailreg.aspx or by writing to the

RTA with details of folio number and attaching a self-

attested copy of PAN card at einward.ris@Kfintech.

com.

• Members holding shares in electronic mode

Members are required to register their e-mail address

with their respective Depositary Participant “DPs”

for receiving all communications from the Company

electronically.

After due verification, KFIN will forward your login

credentials to your registered email address.

After registration of e-mail address members would

be required to follow steps 30 (II) (B) (a) (i) to (xii).

III.

In case of any query and/ or grievance, in respect of

voting by electronic means, members may refer to the

Help & Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) and E-voting

user manual available at the download section of https://

evoting.kfintech.com (KFIN Website) or contact Mr. Raj

Kumar Kale, (Unit: Escorts Limited) of Kfin Technologies

Private Limited, Selenium Building, Tower B, Plot No. 31-

32, Financial District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally,

Hyderabad - 500 032, Telengana or at evoting@kfintech.

com or phone no. 040 – 67162222 or call KFIN’s toll free

No. 1800-3094-001 for any further clarifications.

IV. You can also update your mobile number and e-mail id

in the user profile details of the folio which may be used

for sending future communications.

V.

The Remote e-Voting period commences on Saturday,

July 24, 2021 (9:00 am IST) and ends on Monday, July

26, 2021 (5:00 pm IST). During this period, members

of the Company, holding shares either in physical form

or in dematerialised form, as on the cut-off date i.e. July

20, 2021, may cast their vote by Remote e-Voting. The

Remote e-Voting Module shall be disabled by KFIN for

voting thereafter from their e-Voting module.

VI. A person, whose name is recorded in the Register

of Members or in the Register of Beneficial Owners

maintained by the depositories as on the cut-off date only

shall be entitled to avail the facility of Remote e-Voting

Escorts Limited

8:

letter dated February 19,

2021 from Mr. Girish Behari Mathur and Mrs. Rachna Mathur

(“Outgoing Promoters”) for reclassification of their name from

the category of promoter group to public and removal of their

name from Promoter Category.

The Board of Directors at its meeting held on February 24,

2021, had considered and approved the requests received from

outgoing promoters for reclassifying them from ‘Promoter/

Promoter Group’ to ‘Public Category’. The approval of Board

towards reclassification is subject to the approval of members

of the Company and other regulatory authorities, if any, in

terms of Regulation 31A of Listing Regulations.

The Shareholding of Mr. Girish Behari Mathur along with

Mrs. Rachna Mathur, Persons belonging to Promoter Group

as on February 19, 2021 is as follows:

Name

No. of Shares as

on date

Mr. Girish Behari Mathur – Promoter Group

179

Mrs. Rachna Mathur – Promoter group / Person

acting in concert

75

The Outgoing Promoters have also confirmed that they

are eligible for re-classification as public shareholders and

satisfy the conditions set out in Regulation 31A of the Listing

Regulations and any other applicable law. In accordance with

Regulation 31A(3)(b), of the Listing Regulations, the Outgoing

Promoters have confirmed that they and the persons related

to them:

(a)

together, do not hold more than 10 (ten) percent of the

total voting rights of Company;

(b) do not exercise control over the affairs of the Company,

whether directly or indirectly;

(c)

do not have any special rights with respect to the Company

through formal or informal arrangements, including

through any shareholder agreements;

(d) are not represented in any capacity on the Board of

Directors of the Company (including through any nominee

director);

(e)

are not acting as key managerial persons in the Company;

(f)

are not “wilful defaulters” as per the Reserve Bank of

India guidelines; and

(g) are not fugitive economic offenders

The outgoing promoters confirmed that as required under

the Listing Regulations, upon re-classification to the “‘Public”

category, the Outgoing Promoters shall not:

(a)

hold more than 10% of the total voting rights in the

Company;

(b) exercise control over the affairs of the Company directly

or indirectly; or

(c)

have any special rights with respect to the Company

through formal or informal arrangements including

through any shareholder agreements.

Further, they shall not be represented on the Board of Directors

of the Company (including through a nominee director) or act

as key managerial persons of the Company for a period of

atleast 3 (three) years from date on which the Stock Exchanges

approve their re-classification to the “Public” category.

The outgoing promoters also undertaken to abide by the

conditions specified in 31A(4) of Listing Regulations from the

date of such reclassification, from “Promoter & Promoter Group”

11:

letter head of having no

Permanent Establishment in India, Beneficial

ownership of shares and eligibility to claim

treaty benefits (as per Appendix-1 to this

Communication).

b.

In case the dividend is payable to ‘Specified Fund’

referred to in [Clause (c) of Explanation to Section

10(4D)], TDS rate would be 10% (plus applicable

surcharge and cess). The reduced rate of TDS would

be subject to the availability of requisite documents

demonstrating that the person is covered under the

aforesaid category of ‘Specified Fund’.

ii.

Any entity entitled to exemption from TDS: Valid

self-attested documentary evidence (e.g. relevant copy

of registration, notification, order, etc. by Indian tax

authorities) in support of the entity being entitled to

exemption from TDS needs to be submitted.

iii.

Other non-resident Members:

a)

TDS is required to be deducted at the rate of 20%

(plus applicable surcharge and cess).

b)

Shareholder may be entitled to avail lower TDS

rate as per Double Tax Avoidance Treaty (DTAA)

between India and the country of tax residence of

the shareholder, on furnishing the below specified

documents:-

1)

Self-attested copy of PAN;

2)

Self-attested copy of valid Tax Residency

Certificate (TRC) obtained from the tax

authorities of the country of which the

shareholder is a resident;

3)

Self-declaration in Form 10F (Format of Form

10F is available on income tax website at

https://www.incometaxindia.gov.in/Forms/

IncomeTax%20Rules/103120000000007197.

pdf); and

4)

Self-declaration on: letter head of having no

Permanent Establishment in India, Beneficial

ownership of shares and eligibility to claim

treaty benefits (as per Appendix 1 to this

Communication).

c)

TDS is required to be deducted at the rate

prescribed in valid lower tax withholding

certificate issued u/s 197 of the IT Act, if such

valid certificate is provided.

Details and/ or documents as mentioned above in

Section 1 and Section 2, as applicable to the Member,

need to be sent, duly completed and signed, through

registered email address of the Member with PAN being

mentioned in the subject of the email to reach einward.

ris@kfintech.com by July 16, 2021. Please note that no

communication in this regard, shall be accepted post

July 16, 2021. Members can also upload the soft copy

of the documents duly completed and signed using the

following url: https://ris.kfintech.com/form15/forms.

aspx?q=0

Section 3: Other general information for the

Members:-

I.

For all self-attested documents, Members must mention

on the document “certified true copy of the original”.

For all documents being sent/ accepted by email, the

Member undertakes to send the original document(s)

on the request by the Company.

II.

In case, the dividend income is assessable to tax in the

hands of a person other than the registered Member as

Escorts Limited

16

Dear shareholders,

I am proud and happy to present to you our 75th

Annual Report. The journey started with a purpose

led vision of an Indian to spread prosperity and impact

lives of millions, across the globe. We did witness

good as well as challenging times on the way, but we

emerged stronger year on year. Ever since inception,

we have always given primacy to national priorities,

and we are proud to partner India’s journey as an

emerging economy and contributing to its socio-

economic development with our presence across core

sectors viz agriculture, infrastructure, and railways.

We are committed to mechanise agriculture; partner

national infrastructure build-up and make rail transport

safe and comfortable. Escorts feels immense pride

in continuing this journey to build the future of India,

creating value for our stakeholders and transforming

our organisation to an institution delivering excellence.

Been a difficult year but we remained steadfast

COVID-19 and its two waves impacted livelihoods,

health, and existence of many. It caused social

and economic disruption and the lockdowns had a

devastating effect across many sectors. This time

the second wave has impacted the rural geographies

as well affecting our core customer base.

As an organisation our priority has been safety and

wellbeing of our employees, partners, customers

and community at large. While the government is

extremely active with support and stimulus measures,

we continue to support our stakeholders and

community with best of our abilities and resources.

We did our best to provide agriculture equipment

and technology to farmers who continued to toil

hard to produce food enough to feed people across

the nation. We collaborated with state authorities

and local partners to keep our communities

supported in the time of uncertainty. We are building

resources for our current and future readiness to

fight the pandemic with our resolute strength and

resilience. Escorts, as a responsible corporate,

will keep supporting government initiatives to pull

the nation out of these unfortunate times, ensure

agriculture remains normal in the post-Covid world

While the contribute to infrastructure growth.

Leveraging national and global opportunities

in agriculture and infrastructure

Food and agri business form a $5 trillion global industry

that is only getting bigger. Agriculture, globally, is

evolving to precision-based mechanisation creating

a huge demand for innovative-agriculture solutions.

A larger infrastructure play would see a significant

demand for construction technology. Metros and high-

speed rail corridors by 2030 will witness a huge influx

of budgets for mobility, intra and intercity connectivity,

offering greater opportunity for railway equipment.

This makes Escorts a strategic fit in the ever-

growing industry segments of farm machinery,

construction equipment and railway mobility,

on the national and global front.

Our focus remains food security for the world and

contributing to smarter and robust infrastructure in

India and overseas geographies. We wish to be a

leading player in the export of made-in-India farm

machinery, construction equipment, and railway

products to markets like US, Europe and Africa. We will

continue to make strategic and financial investments

in strengthening our technologies and products

required to make significant entries in these markets.

In India, our focus would be to contribute towards

making agriculture self-reliant with mechanisation

through affordable technology and efficient and farmer

friendly service platforms and solutions. With positive

monsoon prediction, government food procurement

measures, record harvest and increased sowing,

2021-22 could be another growth year for agriculture.

Similarly, as the COVID-19 wave subsides and pending

projects get reactivated, we hope to see positive

momentum in construction and railway businesses

going ahead. The Government of India has significantly

raised budgetary allocation for the infrastructure sector

as a part of its fiscal stimulus to bring the economy

back into growth territory. The Railway sector may

take some more time, but with progress in vaccination,

mobility is expected to reach pre-Covid levels. The

Agriculture sector has remained resilient even during

the pandemic, and the positive macro developments in

this space augurs well for our business going forward.

Nikhil Nanda

Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director

OUR OVERARCHING CULTURE PROMOTES

CORPORATE FAIRNESS, TRANSPARENCY, AND

ACCOUNTABILITY IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF

CUSTOMERS, PARTNERS, TEAMS, COMMUNITIES,

AND ALL OTHER STAKEHOLDERS.

OUR PRIORITY REMAINED SUPPORTING

COMMUNITY IN FIGHTING THE PANDEMIC

AND WE FACILITATED VARIOUS INITIATIVES IN

PROVIDING FOOD, SHELTER, MEDICAL HELP IN

ASSOCIATION WITH STATE AUTHORITIES AND

COLLABORATING WITH LOCAL PARTNERS.

Escorts Limited

Spreading prosperity. Impacting lives.

20

Annual Report 2020-21

21

Corporate

Overview

Management

Discussion

and Analysis

Sustainability

Report

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports:

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer of National

Commodity and Derivatives Exchange

Ltd. (NCDEX) and Invent Assets

Securitisation and Reconstruction

Pvt. Ltd. (an RBI-regulated asset

reconstruction company). He is also

an ex-promoter and ex-Chairperson

of Vastu Housing Finance Co. Ltd., an

affordable housing finance company.

He has worked at senior level

positions in ICICI Bank (where he was

a critical part of the founding team)

and in Bank of India (where he served

both in India and abroad). He has

been earlier on the governing body

of Entrepreneurship Development

Institute of India, Ahmedabad, and

a member of the Board of Directors

of Federal Bank Ltd, L&T Mutual

Fund and other companies.

He is a Commerce graduate, with

a Senior Diploma in French.

Mrs. Rishi is a passionate marketing

professional, specialising in Indian

and international markets. She is also

associated with Pratham, an NGO

that works to provide education to

underprivileged children in India.

She started her career with the Tata

Administrative Services and was

part of Titan Watches’ founding

team. Besides spending 17 years in

PepsiCo in marketing and innovation

roles for India, USA and the UK, she

was the Executive Director (Brand

and Human Capital) at Max India

Ltd. and the Director (Marketing and

Customer Strategy) at the Future

Group. She currently serves on the

board of several reputed companies

such as Tata Chemicals, Indian Hotels,

Asian Paints and ICICI Prudential.

She is an alumnus of Faculty of

Management Studies (FMS), Delhi.

Dr. Behuria, in an illustrious career

spanning 38 years, has served in

countless key positions of central and

state governments. He was a Board

member in more than 25 PSUs and

has worked in the Asian Development

Bank for over five years. He has also

been Advisor to the Finance Minister

of Mauritius for two years, under

a Commonwealth programme.

He is a postgraduate from Delhi

School of Economics, earning a

second postgraduate degree as well

as a doctorate in Economics from

Southern Methodist University,

USA. He is an Indian Administrative

Services officer (1976 batch).

Ms. Nanda is an insightful

entrepreneur and business leader

with widespread experience across

the areas of business strategies,

financial management, operational

research and managerial techniques,

among others. She is also handling

the IC Square investment in

incubation projects under Rajan

Nanda Innovation Lab initiative and

monitoring investments, liquidity,

safety and risk mitigation as member

of the Investment Committee. She

was responsible for managing

the Company’s subsidiaries,

including Escorts Securities Ltd.

and Escorts Asset Management

Ltd. She worked with multinational

organisations such as ANZ Grindlays

Bank, PricewaterhouseCoopers

(PwC) and Hewlett Packard.

She is a B.Com(H) from

University of Delhi.

Mr. Nikhil Nanda

Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director

Background: He holds Baccalaureate

Degree, Bachelor of Business

Administration from The Wharton

Business School, University of

Pennsylvania, class of 1995.

Mr. Nanda joined Escorts

Board in 1997.

Key contributions: Mr Nanda is

leading Escorts’ transformational

journey from being a product-led

company to being a innovation

& technology-driven brand that

crafts customer-centric solutions

for enhanced productivity. Under

his leadership, Escorts has

introduced a series of innovative

products that demonstrate

excellence in manufacturing quality,

market intelligence & enhanced

customer value across India &

Global emerging economies.

He has also been conferred upon

the prestigious recognition of “Best

CEO-Auto & Auto Ancillaries”

by Business Today for October

2019 – September 2020 period.

Skills and interests: Innovation based

disruptive technologies to create

better products, real time customer

connect, Internet of Things &

telematics, Electric mobility, Strategic

planning and investment processes,

collaborations with global technology

majors and creating solutions that

bring a paradigm shift in conventions.

Mr. Shailendra Agrawal

Executive Director

Background: He is a mechanical

engineer with 39 years of diverse

experience in Tata Motors, Hero

Motors and Escorts Limited. In

his past assignment, he served

as President of Hero Motors.

Key contributions: Forging and

nurturing powerful alliances with

globally respected brands for win-

win profitable growth and taking

them to execution phase in terms of

world-class manufacturing facility,

export collaboration and generating

new revenue streams. Developing

charter for next 3 years and beyond

to leverage market opportunities

and expand our geographic play

in domestic and export markets.

Business turnaround with

holistic growth while playing a

central role in creating product

and technology roadmap and

partnerships with leading technology

providers for future readiness.

Skills and interests: Growth

strategy, Operational excellence and

Business process engineering.

Mr. Bharat Madan

Group Chief Financial Officer and

Corporate Head

Background: A Commerce graduate

from Sri Ram College of Commerce,

Delhi University, a Fellow Chartered

Accountant (1988), a Member of

All India Management Association

(AIMA) and IMA-CFO Forum, with

over 33 years of rich experience

in financial management. Prior to

joining Escorts, he was the Financial

Controller at Electrolux Kelvinator Ltd.

Key contributions: Integrating

finance, commercial and outbound

supply chain functions; leading finance

transformation with many digital

initiatives and business Intelligence

systems; helping improve company

profitability through cost initiatives

and divestment of non-core and/or

loss-making businesses; ensuring

optimal capital allocation and

continuously improving working

capital cycle; helping businesses in

their growth aspirations by entering

into partnership with multinational

corporations; continuously

identifying and evaluating inorganic

opportunities for further growth;

consistently improving corporate

governance practices and compliance

systems; driving investor relations

to help the Company’s market

capitalisation reach a lifetime new

peak over ` 18,000 crores.

Skills and interests: Financial and

management accounting; audits;

cash management and capital

allocation; financial restructuring

and organisation transformation;

identification and evaluation of

M&A opportunities, mergers and

de-mergers, and business strategy;

budgeting; planning and forecasting;

risk management; treasury, project

finance and banking operations;

tax planning and optimisation;

leading IT and digital initiatives

around ERP, RPA, BI and many

other business applications; financial

modelling and analysis, improving

compliances and governance

through legal, secretarial & investor

relations; digitisation initiatives

within finance and commercial

and outbound supply chain.

Mr. Shenu Agarwal

CEO – Escorts Agri Machinery

Background: An MBA from Duke

University, USA, a B.Tech from

NIT Kurukshetra, and 30+ years of

experience. Starting his journey as

Graduate Engineering Trainee, he has

worked in numerous key positions

across sales and marketing, product

development, strategy and project

management. He is a member of the

CII National Council of Agriculture

and the Managing Committee of the

Tractor Manufacturers Association.

Key contributions: Turnaround of

the agri machinery business in last

four years; driving transformative

marketing initiatives; launching

disruptive business models

and products; setting new

benchmarks in cost efficiency.

Skills and interests: High-speed

business transformation; marketing

and branding strategies; distribution,

new product planning, creating

start-up business and scaling them,

and digitisation and analytics.

Mr. Ajay Mandahr

CEO – Escorts Construction Equipment

Background: Engineering Graduate

from NIT/ REC, Silchar & MBA in

(Marketing & Business Finance) from

FSM, Delhi, with more than 30 years

of diverse experience in leadership

positions. Handled P&L responsibility

with leading multinational companies.

He previously worked with Larsen

& Toubro, Indian Aluminium,

Manitou South Asia Ltd., and

Toyota Material Handling India.

Key contributions: Turn around the

Escorts -Construction Equipment

Business & maintained profitability

even in contracting market situation.

Renewed the Product positioning

& network strategy. Fact & data

based customer segment applied

to create product differentiations.

Initiated cost compression initiatives

under Project Lakshya which has

helped in reducing the breakeven

point for the business. Twin brand

strategy was implemented with YL

& WL products and introduced many

industry first features on the latter.

Skills and interests: Innovative

thinker with global mindset, broad-

based experience in multiple product

categories, accept challenges and

finding customised solutions; creating

start-up culture; new products &

concept launches; believe in building

competitive advantages through quick

learning for sustainable growth.

Amit Singhal

Group Chief Human Resource Officer &

Dy. Corporate Head

Background: Amit has a rich and

diversified experience of more

than 18 years in Strategic HR,

Business Partnership, Employee

Relations and Culture and Change

management roles across industries

and geographies. He has been

instrumental in building productive,

performance-driven and process-

efficient learning organisations

in his earlier assignments with

Coca-Cola, Reliance Retail, Delphi

Automotive and Tata Motors

both in India and International

markets. Amit is an alumnus from

Symbiosis Institute of Business

Management, Pune ceritifications

have been mentioned in skills and

interests. End the sentence here.

Key contributions: Amit is playing

a significant role in building a

performance driven, process efficient,

technology led learning organisation

with ‘Future Ready’ leaders for

sustainable and responsible growth

while contributing to Corporate

Social responsibility initiatives and

managing other corporate functions.

Skills and Interests: Amit is a certified

Operational Excellence leader and

has been a Fellow Certified HR

Practitioner from Australian HR

Institute. Amit is a lifetime member

of National Human Resource

Development, New Delhi and an

active member of CII State Council.

Mr. Nikhil Nanda

Mr. Shailendra Agrawal

Mr. Ajay Mandahr

Mr. Bharat Madan

Mr. Shenu Agarwal

Amit Singhal

Escorts Limited

Spreading prosperity. Impacting lives.

48

Annual Report 2020-21

49

Corporate

Overview

Management

Discussion

and Analysis

Sustainability

Report

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports:

Managing Director, the Executive Director,

the Group Chief Financial Officer, and investor relations team

manage and represent our Company in interactions with

investors, the media, and various governments. We ensure

that all critical information about our Company is available to

all investors by uploading such information on our website

(www.escortsgroup.com). The site contains a dedicated

‘Investor Information’ section where relevant information

meant for shareholders is available, including information

on the Directors, shareholding pattern, quarterly reports,

financial results, annual reports, press releases, details

of unpaid/unclaimed dividends and various policies. The

quarterly earnings release is accompanied by an earning

call, with the transcript and audio available on the website.

Material developments during the quarter that might impact

revenue or earnings are intimated to the stock exchanges and

through the website. Quarterly results, regulatory filings,

transcripts of earnings call, investor relations presentations and

schedules of analyst and investor interactions are available at

https://www.escortsgroup.com/investors/overview.html.

Periodic reminders for unpaid dividends are sent to the

shareholders, as per our records; they are also accessible

on the website. For any queries/suggestions, one can write

to investorrelation@escorts.co.in and we will revert within

three working days.

The ‘forward-looking statements’ which are part of the

Management Discussion and Analysis on economic indicators

are based on our best estimate of the current environment.

This may be subject to change, based on external macro-

economic factors out of control, including, but not limited

to raw material availability and prices, cyclical demand and

pricing in our principal markets, and changes in government

regulations, tax, and economic policies.

Information Technology (IT)

As we transform, IT plays a critical role in further enhancing

our revenue, improving efficiencies, and reducing costs.

We have implemented IT-enabled business processes that

leverage new technologies to deliver on digitisation as well as

digitalisation. Our digitisation processes improve productivity

and controls, while we have implemented digital projects to

increase customer outreach.

FY 2020-21 has been a year of terms like “unprecedented”

and “unanticipated.” We learned many valuable lessons in the

past one year, quickly adapting to them. When the pandemic

induced lockdown started, we rapidly moved the workforce to

work from home model, by creating a secure work environment

provisioning laptops having security agents and VPN. Being

an environment-conscious organisation, we are committed to

move towards becoming paperless in our daily activites. The

IT team has taken many digital initiatives to enable workflow

to reduce paper movement to achieve this objective.

As an organisation which is constantly growing, we need

to continuously upgrade and expand our data centre

infrastructure. We have recently upgraded our data center

storage with “IBM Flash 5100 storage” to meet the demand

of high throughput of large amount of file data and business

applications with better performance.

We have also planned projects to further transform to meet

the ever-increasing demand from the digital marketplace. We

have divided the initiatives into multiple pillars like customer

centricity, operational excellence, product engineering

and analytical layer to leverage the data for informed

decision-making. Going forward we will be undertaking

required changes as per leading industry practices as we

keep evolving in our digital journey.

Internal Controls

A strong risk management and internal control system formed

the backbone of our robust corporate governance practices. We

re-appointed EY as our internal auditors, to deliver a reasonable

assurance of recording the transactions of operations in all

material respects and providing protection against significant

misuse or loss of assets, among others.

Our IT team department undertook various strategic initiatives

for better control and transformation of business. Some of

the major initiatives include the Data Loss Prevention Project

(DLP) which has reached a very high level of maturity and

Escorts is now able to monitor all the data which is generated

and transmitted over the network.

Hard disk encryption software – Using this software the entire

laptop’s hard disk is encrypted. In case of any theft or loss of

laptop, the data cannot be reused by any unauthorised source

as the data cannot be de-encrypted by any means. Additionally,

we endeavour to focus on enterprise risk management by

Escorts Limited

Spreading prosperity. Impacting lives.

66

Annual Report 2020-21

67:

Managing Director

(in ₹ crores)

Particulars

Consolidated

Standalone

FY2020

FY2021

FY2020

FY 2021

Revenue from Operations

5,810.09

7,014.42

5,760.95

6,929.29

Material Costs

3,841.10

4,644.64

3,819.62

4,593.67

PAT

471.72

871.63

485.54

874.06

Revenue Growth

-7.22%

20.73%

-7.03%

20.28%

EBITDA

662.40

1,126.76

675.82

1,129.23

Operating Profit Margin

11.40%

16.06%

11.73%

16.30%

Net Profit Margin

8.12%

12.43%

8.43%

12.61%

Basic EPS

55.04

92.15

40.63

68.14

Trade Receivables

731.86

657.58

756.52

698.40

Trade Receivable Days

46

34

48

37

Inventory

883.36

718.16

822.20

674.46

Inventory Turnover

84

56

79

54

EBIT

652.78

1,168.86

663.52

1,168.09

Interest Expense

17.23

13.34

15.46

10.98

Interest Coverage Ratio

37.89

87.62

42.92

106.38

Current Ratio

1.63

2.73

1.65

2.76

Debt

19.95

2.54

6.65

-

Equity

3,122.50

5,025.22

3,480.08

5,391.59

Debt Equity Ratio

0.01

0.00

0.00

-

Networth

3,122.50

5,025.22

3,480.08

5,391.59

Return on net worth/Equity

15.11%

17.35%

13.95%

16.21%

No of Shares O/S

85,802,3351

98,240,1421

119,502,3662

131,940,1732

M Cap (As per BSE)

5,688.27

12,661.68

7,922.41

17,005.11

Revenue Multiple

0.98

1.81

1.38

2.45

PE Multiple

12.04

13.99

16.32

18.91

1 Excluding 3,37,00,031 shares (FY2020: 3,37,00,031 shares) held by Escorts Benefit and Welfare Trust and 28,94,393 shares

(FY2020: 30,74,512 shares) held by Escorts Employees Benefit and Welfare Trust.

2 Excluding 28,94,393 shares (FY2020: 30,74,512 shares) held by Escorts Employees Benefit and Welfare Trust.

Escorts Limited

Spreading prosperity. Impacting lives.

68

Annual Report 2020-21

69:

Managing Director

Mr. Sutanu Behuria

Independent Director

Ms. Tanya Dubash

Independent Director

Mr. Hardeep Singh

Director

Ms. Nitasha Nanda

Whole-time Director

Mr. Harish N. Salve

Independent Director

Mr. P.H. Ravi Kumar

Independent Director

Mr. Shailendra Agarwal

Executive Director

Mr. Dai Watanabe

Nominee Director

Ms. Vibha Paul Rishi

Independent Director

Mr. Sunil Kant Munjal

Independent Director

Mr. Yuji Tomiyama

Nominee Director

Committees of Board of Directors

Audit Committee

Corporate Social

Responsibility Committee

Nomination, Remuneration

and Committee Compensation

Stakeholders’

Relationship Committee

Risk Management

Committee

Leadership Team

Mr. Nikhil Nanda

Chairman &: Managing

Dear Shareholders,

Your Directors have pleasure in presenting the Seventy Fifth Annual Report of the Company along with Company’s audited

financial statements (standalone and consolidated) for the financial year ended on March 31, 2021.

Financial Results

(` crores)

Particulars

Standalone

Consolidated

Year ended on

March 31, 2021

Year ended on

March 31, 2020

Year ended on

March 31, 2021

Year ended on

March 31, 2020

Revenue from operations

6929.29

5760.95

7,014.42

5,810.09

Other income

154.56

92.25

160.38

97.60

Total income

7083.85

5853.20

7,174.80

5,907.69

Profit from operations before Interest, Depreciation,

Exceptional Items & Tax

1283.79

768.07

1,286.40

758.92

Finance Cost

10.98

15.46

13.34

17.23

Profit from operations before Depreciation,

Exceptional Items & Tax

1272.81

752.61

1,273.06

741.69

Depreciation & Amortisation

115.70

104.55

118.28

107.22

Profit from operations before Exceptional Items & Tax

1157.11

648.06

1,154.78

634.47

Exceptional Item

-

(9.22)

-

(9.22)

Profit from operations before Tax

1157.11

638.84

1,154.78

625.25

Tax Expense

283.05

153.30

283.15

153.53

Profit from operations after Tax

874.06

485.54

871.63

471.72

Net profit for the period

874.06

485.54

871.63

471.72

Financial Performance/ State of Company Affairs

The brief highlights of the Company’s performance (Standalone)

for the financial year ended March 31, 2021 are:-

Your Company sold 106741 tractors during the year under

review as against 86018 tractors sold during the last financial

year. The directors are also pleased to inform that in fiscal

2020-21, for the first time ever in any financial year, your

Company has crossed the 1,00,000 unit landmark in terms

of tractor sales and tractor production in India.

The brief highlights of the Company’s performance

(Consolidated) for the financial year ended March 31, 2021 are:-

• Total income of the Company for FY 2021 stood at ` 7,174.80

crores (` 5,907.69 crores in FY 2020)

• Profit from operations before Interest, Depreciation,

Exceptional Items & Tax stood at ` 1,286.40 crores.

• Profit from operations before Tax (PBT) stood at ` 1,154.78

crores. Net profit for the period stood at ` 871.63 crores.

The details on the individual businesses of the Company are

provided in the Management Discussion & Analysis section

provided in this annual report. On our response to COVID-19

pandemic, please refer sustainability report at page 70.

` 7,083.85

` 1,157.11

` 1,283.79

Total income of the Company

for FY 2021 stood at

` 7,083.85 crores (` 5,853.20

crores in FY2020)

Profit from operations before

Tax (PBT) stood at ` 1157.11

crores. Net profit for the period

stood at ` 874.06 crores.

Profit from operations before

Interest, Depreciation,

Exceptional Items & Tax stood

at ` 1,283.79 crores.

crores

crores

crores

Management Discussion & Analysis

In terms of the provisions of Regulation 34 of the SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015

(hereinafter referred as the “SEBI Listing Regulations”), the

Management Discussion and Analysis is set out in this Annual

Report and provides a detailed analysis on the performance

of individual businesses and their outlook.

Dividend

Based on the Company’s performance, your Directors are

pleased to recommend, for approval of the members, the

following dividend for the financial year ended March 31, 2021:

a.

Normal Final Dividend @ 50% per share of Face Value

of ` 10/- each (i.e. ` 5.00 per share)

b.

Additional Special one-time Platinum Jubilee (75th

Year) Dividend @ 25% per share of Face Value of

` 10/- each (i.e. ` 2.50 per share)

c.

Total Dividend @ 75% per share i.e. ` 7.50 per equity

share payable on all outstanding shares except on the

equity shares held by Escorts Benefit & Welfare Trust.

The dividend payout is subject to the approval of members

at the ensuing Annual General Meeting (AGM).

The dividend payout for the period under review has been

formulated in accordance with shareholders’ aspirations and

the Company’s Dividend Distribution Policy to pay sustainable

dividend linked to long-term growth objectives of the Company

to be met by internal cash accruals.

The dividend distribution policy is available on our website at

https://www.escortsgroup.com/investors/governance.html.

Employee Stock Option Scheme

The Escorts Employees Stock Option Scheme (“Scheme”)

is in line with the SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits)

Regulations, 2014 (“SBEB Regulations”) and there were no

material changes to the scheme during the financial year 2020-

21. The Scheme is being implemented in accordance with the

SBEB Regulations and the resolutions passed by the members.

The auditors certificate would be available during the Annual

General Meeting for inspection by members. The details as

required to be disclosed under the SBEB Regulations would be

available on the Company’s website at www.escortsgroup.com.

The Board of Directors in its meeting held on May 14, 2021

on the recommendation of the Nomination, Remuneration and

Compensation Committee meeting held on May 11, 2021,

has approved the changes in Employee Stock Option Scheme

(‘Scheme’) of the Company subject to the approval of shareholders

of the Company.

Directors and Key Managerial Personnel

In accordance with the provisions of Companies Act, 2013

(hereinafter referred as “the Act”) and Articles of Association

of the Company, Mr. Shailendra Agrawal (DIN: 03108241)

and Ms. Nitasha Nanda (DIN: 00032660), Directors retire

by rotation at the ensuing AGM and being eligible, offer

themselves for re-appointment.

The Board of Directors in its meeting held on July 16, 2020

co-opted Mr. Harish N. Salve (DIN: 01399172) as an Additional

and Independent Director on the Board of the Company

on the recommendations of Nomination and Remuneration

Committee. The Board considered the domain knowledge and

experience of Mr. Harish N. Salve in the areas of constitutional,

commercial and taxation law while approving his appointment

as an Independent Director on the Board of the Company. The

Board is of the opinion that Mr. Harish N. Salve possesses

requisite qualification, experience, expertise and holds high

standard of integrity. Mr. Salve was regularised as Independent

Director in the Annual General Meeting held on August 24,

2020.

The Board of Directors in its meeting held on July 16, 2020,

appointed Mr. Dai Watanabe (DIN: 08736520) and Mr. Yuji

Tomiyama (DIN: 08779472) as an additional directors on the

Board of the Company based on the recommendations of the

Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Company

and pursuant to the Share Subscription Agreement dated

March 20, 2020 read with the amendment agreement dated

July 15, 2020 (“SSA”), with Kubota Corporation, Japan and

certain Specified Promoters. The shareholders of the Company

in the Annual General Meeting held on August 24, 2020 had

approved the regularization of Mr. Watanabe and Mr. Tomiyama

as the Non-Executive Directors of the Company.

The Company has received declarations from all the

Independent Directors of the Company confirming that they

meet with criteria of independence as prescribed under

subsection (6) of Section 149 of the Act and under Regulation

16(1)(b) & 25(8) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulation, 2015 (hereinafter referred as “the

Listing Regulations”). The policy on Appointment and Removal

of Director’s and Members of Senior Management is attached

as Annexure – A and forms an integral part of this Report.

The Company has devised a Policy for performance evaluation

of Independent Directors, Board, Board Committees and

individual Directors, which includes criteria for performance

evaluation of the Non-Executive and Executive Directors. In

accordance with the Policy, a process was followed by the

Board for evaluation of its own performance and that of its

Committees and individual Directors. The remuneration policy

for directors, key managerial personnel, senior management

and other employees is annexed as Annexure – B and forms

an integral part of this Report.

Escorts Limited

Spreading prosperity. Impacting lives.

120

Annual Report 2020-21

121

Corporate

Overview

Management

Discussion

and Analysis

Sustainability

Report

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports:

Managing Director nor the Whole-time

Directors of the Company receive any remuneration or

commission from any of its subsidiaries.

5.

No significant or material orders were passed by the

Regulators or Courts or Tribunals which impact the

going concern status and Company’s operations in

future. However, members attention is drawn to note

34 in the notes to accounts in the standalone financial

statement and to note 35 in the notes to accounts in

the consolidated financial statement which sets out

information on Commitments and Contingencies.

6.

Details of difference between amount of valuation done

at the time of one time settlement and the valuation done

while taking loan from the Banks or Financial Institutions

along with the reasons thereof: Not applicable.

Acknowledgement

Your Directors would like to express their sincere appreciation

of the positive co-operation received from the Central

Government, the Government of Haryana and Uttaranchal and

Karnataka, Financial Institutions and the Company’s Bankers,

Customers, Dealers and all other business associates.

The Directors also wish to place on record their deep sense of

appreciation for the commitment displayed by all executives,

officers, workers, employee unions and staff of the Company

resulting in the successful performance of the Company during

the year.

The Board also takes this opportunity to express its deep

gratitude for the continued co-operation and support received

from its valued shareholders.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Place: New Delhi

Nikhil Nanda

Date: May 14, 2021

Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director,: Managing Director and any other

Whole-time Director of Escorts appointed by the Board/

Shareholders, by whatever name called.

‘Senior Management’ shall mean and include the

following:

• Employees in the grade of Associate Vice President

and above; and

• KMPs (other than Whole-time Directors).

3.

Criteria for Appointment as a Director and

Senior Management Positions:

(i)

Matching the requirements of Escorts and enhancing

the competencies of the Board are the basis for NRC to

shortlist and recommend a candidate for appointment to

the Board. Such candidate shall have primary or substantial

strategic and balance sheet management/ profitability

management responsibilities. When recommending a

candidate for such appointment, NRC shall consider:

(a)

the results of assessment of the proposed appointee

against a range of criteria formulated by NRC which

include but shall not be limited to skill sets, regional

and industry experience, background, integrity and

other qualities required to operate successfully in

the position of Director, having due regard to the

benefits of diversity of the Board;

(b) the extent to which the proposed appointee is likely

to contribute to the overall effectiveness of the

Board and work constructively with the existing

Directors and Senior Management;

(c)

the present and potential future needs and

requirements of the Company and sector in which

it conducts its business and operations;

(d) the nature of existing positions held by the proposed

appointee including other directorships held or other

relationships and the impact it may have on the

appointee’s ability to exercise independent judgment;

(e) any requirements under applicable law (including

but not limited to under the Companies Act, 2013

and/or the rules and regulations made thereunder)

and/or under the Listing Agreements; and

(f)

time commitment required from a Director to properly

discharge his fiduciary duties towards the Company.

(ii)

The criteria to be considered when assessing prospective

candidates for appointment as Directors shall include

the following:

(a)

highest levels of personal and professional ethics

and integrity;

(b) high quality attributes such as discipline,

objectiveness, sensitivity and creativity;

(c)

sharing and demonstrating the values of Escorts;

(d) qualification in relevant disciplines (e.g., finance,

secretarial, management, accountancy, legal and

engineers etc.) or being a recognised specialist in

disciplines or areas relevant to the Company and/

or its business;

(e) experience in the management of a diverse

organisation, whether located in India and/or

overseas, in the Sector where the Company is already

doing business or intents to enter into;

(f)

experience in accounting and finance, secretarial,

administration, corporate, engineering and strategic

planning or fund management;

(g) demonstrable ability to work effectively with the

Board;

(h) excellent interpersonal, communication and

representational skills;

(i)

demonstrable leadership skills;

(j)

strong influencing and negotiating skills; and

(k) continuous professional development to update

knowledge and skills.

(iii) The criteria to be considered when assessing prospective

candidates for a Senior Management position shall include

the following:

(a)

highest levels of personal and professional ethics

and integrity;

(b) demonstrable leadership skills;

(c)

specialist knowledge and/or experience required

for the Senior Management position in question;

(d) good interpersonal relationships;

(e) demonstrating intelligence, maturity and wisdom;

(f)

possesses managerial abilities such as effective

communication skills, action focus, people

engagement, cultural sensitivity, flexibility, team

player, strategic thinking, etc.;

(g) sharing and demonstrating the values of Escorts;

and

(h) ability to significantly contribute towards achievement

of the strategic and business objectives of the

Company.

(iv) Every person proposed to be appointed as a Director or

a member of Senior Management should be able to give

sufficient time and attention to the Company’s affairs.

(v) The Policy is aimed to engage Directors (including

Non-Executive Directors and Independent Directors)

and Members of Senior Management, who are highly

skilled, competent and experienced persons within the

fields of business, finance, accounting, management,

sales, marketing, administration, research, corporate

governance, technical operations, law or other disciplines

related to the Company’s business and operations.

(vi) In addition to such requirements as may be specified

under this Policy, the Independent Directors shall also

fulfill the applicable requirements prescribed under

Section 149 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules

and regulations made there under, the provisions of

the Listing Agreement(s) and other applicable laws as

modified or amended or supplemented, from time to

time.

(vii) Each Independent Director shall be required to duly

submit/ make the stipulated declarations required to be

furnished pursuant to the provisions of the Companies

Act, 2013 and the rules and regulations made thereunder,

the Listing Agreements, other applicable laws and the

Articles of Association of the Company.

(viii) No person shall be considered for appointment/ re-

appointment as a Director of Escorts, if he is disqualified

to be appointed/ re-appointed as such in terms of the

provisions of Section 164 of the Companies Act, 2013

or under any other applicable law.

(ix) No person shall be considered for appointment as a

Director of Escorts, if he is already a Director in ten or

more public companies or private companies, which

is either a holding or subsidiary company of a public

company.

4.

Selection Process

(i)

The selection procedure to be followed for the appointment

of persons for the Board is as below:

(a)

NRC in consultation with the

Managing Director/ Whole Time Director

The Company shall appoint or re-appoint any person as

its: Managing

Managing Director in consultation with their

reporting managers and Company’s HR. The Board,

on the recommendation of NRC, shall also review

and approve the remuneration payable to the Key

Managerial Personnel of the Company.

(v) Employees must conduct themselves to ensure

that no breach of Code of Conduct, Escorts Code

of conduct for prevention of Insider trading or such

other code as may be applicable from time to time,

Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) and all

other relevant and applicable codes is committed.

Any such breach will have a direct bearing on their

performance appraisal and rewards and shall also

attract appropriate disciplinary action.

(vi) While fixing the remuneration components, the

Company will also reckon extant and emerging

economic conditions, state of the sector and

economy, competitive pressures for key qualified

personnel not merely in the sector but also in

the analogous sectors where the skill sets would

be relevant; the Company will also reckon (with

a lag where necessary), the multiple of the total

emoluments payable to such directors vis-a-vis the

mean salary paid to an employee in the organization.

6.

Disclosures in the Board’s Report

(i)

The disclosures as required under the relevant

provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, rules made

thereunder and the revised SEBI (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015

shall be made with regard to the remuneration

details of the Directors, KMPs, Senior Management

and other employees.

(ii)

This Policy shall be uploaded on the website of the

Company.

7.

Policy review

(i)

This Policy may be amended, modified or

supplemented from time to time to ensure

compliance with any modification, amendment

or supplementation to the Companies Act, 2013,

rules made thereunder, the Listing Agreements, the

Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992

and rules/ regulations/ guidelines made thereunder,

the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the

Company or as may be otherwise prescribed by the

Board from time to time.

(ii)

NRC may issue/ implement such guidelines,

procedures, formats and/or reporting mechanisms

to enforce this Policy as it may deem fit.

Escorts Limited

Spreading prosperity. Impacting lives.

132

Annual Report 2020-21

133

Corporate

Overview

Management

Discussion

and Analysis

Sustainability

Report

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports:

Managing Director

Place: New Delhi

Date: May 14, 2021

Annexure – D

to the Directors’ Report

I.

Company’s Philosophy on Corporate

Governance

Corporate Governance may be defined as a set of systems,

processes and principles, which ensure that a Company is

governed in the best interest of all stakeholders. It is the

system that directs and controls respective companies.

It is about promoting corporate fairness, transparency

and accountability. In other words, ‘Good Corporate

Governance’ is simply ‘Good Business’.

In India, the question of Corporate Governance has

emerged mainly in the wake of economic liberalisation and

deregularisation of industry and business. The objective

of any Corporate Governance system is to simultaneously

improve corporate performance and accountability. These,

in turn, help to attract financial and human resources on

the best possible terms and prevent corporate failure.

Corporate Governance consists of procedures and

processes, according to which an organisation is directed

and controlled. Its structure specifies the distribution

of rights and responsibilities among different pan-

organisational participants, such as the Board, managers,

shareholders and other stakeholders. The system helps

to lay down the rules and procedures for decision making.

The objective of Good Corporate Governance is to

ensure the Board’s commitment towards transparent

management to maximise long-term value for the

Company’s shareholders and all other partners. It

integrates all the participants involved in a process,

which is economic and at the same time, social.

A well-defined and enforced Corporate Governance

benefits everyone concerned by ensuring that the

enterprise adheres to accepted ethical standards and

best practices, as well as to applicable laws.

Corporate Governance goes beyond the practices

enshrined in the laws and is imbibed in the basic business

ethics and values that needs to be adhered to in: letter and

spirit. However, a transparent, ethical and responsible

Corporate Governance framework essentially emanates

from the intrinsic will and passion for good governance

ingrained in the organisation.

Good Corporate Governance practices are also essential

for a sustainable business model for generating long

term value for all its stakeholders.

At Escorts, Corporate Governance practices aim to adhere

to the highest governance standards through continuous

evaluation and benchmarking.

II.

Board of Directors

The composition of the Board of Directors is in conformity

with the provisions of Securities and Exchange Board of

India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 (hereinafter referred as “the Listing

Regulations”), as amended from time to time.

The Board of Director(s) along with its Committee(s)

provide leadership and guidance to the Company’s

Management and directs, supervises and controls the

performance of the Company. The Board of Director(s)

of the Company comprises of distinguished personalities,

who have been acknowledged in their respective fields.

As at the end of financial year, six out of twelve Directors

on the Board are independent & non-executive and 3 are

non-executive & non-independent.

Mr. Nikhil Nanda,

Managing Director

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Mr. Hardeep Singh, Director

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

-

Mr. P.H. Ravikumar, Independent Director

Y

Y

Y

Y

-

Y

Ms. Vibha Paul Rishi, Independent Director

Y

Y

-

Y

Y

Y

Ms. Nitasha Nanda, Whole-time Director

Y

Y

-

Y

-

-

Dr. Sutanu Behuria, Independent Director

Y

Y

-

Y

-

-

Mr. Shailendra Agrawal, Executive Director

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

-

Mr. Sunil Kant Munjal, Independent Director

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Ms. Tanya Dubash, Independent Director

-

Y

-

Y

Y

-

Mr. Harish N Salve, Independent Director

-

Y

-

Y

-

-

Mr. Dai Watanabe, Nominee Director

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Mr. Yuji Tomiyama, Nominee Director

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Declaration by C.E.O.

The Board of Directors,

Escorts Limited

Dear Sir,

I hereby confirm that:

The Company has received from the members of the Board

and Senior Management, a declaration of compliance with

the Code of Conduct for Directors and Senior Management

in respect of financial year ended on March 31, 2021.

Sd/-

Nikhil Nanda

Place: New Delhi

Chairman

Date: May 14, 2021

&: Managing Director

Vigil Mechanism

The Company has adopted a Whistle Blower Policy to report

instances of unethical behaviour, fraud or violation of the

Ethics Policy of the Company. The Whistle Blower Policy

has been circulated to all the employees and directors of the

Company and the same is also available on the Company’s

website: www.escortsgroup.com.

V. Audit Committee

Constitution

As on March 31, 2021 the Audit Committee comprises

of the following Non-Executive Directors:

1.

Mr. P. H. Ravikumar – Independent Director

(

Managing Director, Mr. Shailendra Agrawal,

Executive Director and Ms. Nitasha Nanda, Whole-time

Director of the Company for the financial year ended on

March 31, 2021 are as follows:

(` in crores)

Particulars

Mr. Nikhil

Nanda

Mr. Shailendra

Agrawal

Ms. Nitasha

Nanda

Basic Salary

2.43

1.36

0.76

Allowances &

Perquisites

4.24

2.80**

1.17

Provident Fund

Contribution & Others

0.43

0.18

0.14

Commission*

6.00

-

0.80

Total

13.10

4.34

2.87

* Commission for FY 2020-21

** including performance linked incentive

The tenure of office of the Chairman and: Managing Director,

Whole-time Director and Executive Director is for a period

of five years from their respective date of appointment.

The services of said Directors with the Company can be

terminated as per the terms approved by the shareholders.

In the event of termination of services, they shall be entitled

to receive compensation in accordance with the provisions

of Section 202 of the Act.

No stock options were issued to the directors during the

period under report. However, in the year 2018, 67,000

stock options were granted to Mr. Shailendra Agrawal

prior to his appointment as an Executive Director on

the Board of the Company. The options were granted

in terms of the Escorts Limited Employee Stock Option

Scheme, 2006.

VII. Shares held by Non-Executive Directors

Name

Category

No. of Equity

Shares held

Mr. P.H. Ravikumar

Independent

-

Mrs. Vibha Paul Rishi

Independent

-

Dr. Sutanu Behuria

Independent

-

Mr. Hardeep Singh

Non-Independent

500

Mr. Sunil Kant Munjal

Independent

26270

Ms. Tanya Arvind Dubash

Independent

-

Mr. Harish N Salve

Independent

-

Mr. Dai Watanabe

Nominee

-

Mr. Yuji Tomiyama

Nominee

-

VIII. Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee

Constitution

As on March 31, 2021, the Stakeholders’ Relationship

Committee comprises of following Non-Executive

Directors: -

1.

Mr. Hardeep Singh – Non-Independent Director –

letter.

B. Alteration of the Articles of Association of the Company

99.9976%

91.2335%

0.0024%

8.7665%

2

20.01.2021

Capital Reduction of 1,22,57,688 equity shares of ` 10 each of

the Company held by Escorts Benefit and Welfare Trust

99.9992%

0.0008%

Mr. Jayant Gupta was appointed as Scrutinizer to conduct the Postal Ballot process.

Procedure for postal ballot: The postal ballot was carried out as per the applicable provisions of the Act read with the

relevant rules and circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs.

None of the business proposed to be transacted in the ensuing Annual General Meeting require passing a special

resolution through Postal Ballot.

f)

Policy on dealing with Related Party Transactions

The Policy on dealing with Related Party Transactions

is available on the website of the Company

www.escortsgroup.com under Investor Information

Section.

g)

The Company has complied with all the compliances

given under Regulation 17 to 27 and Regulation

46(2)(b) to 46(2)(i) of the Listing Regulations.

h)

Disclosure with respect to Demat Suspense Account/

Unclaimed Suspense Account: The details of shares

already transferred into IEPF Account are provided on

the website of the Company at www.escortsgroup.

com.

i)

Details of utilization of funds raised through

preferential allotment or qualified institutions

placement as specified under Regulation 32 (7A):

Refer Director’s Report for the information.

j)

Disclosure in relation to the Sexual Harassment of

Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and

Redressal) Act, 2013:

S No.

Particulars

No.

a.

Number of complaints filed during the

financial year

NIL

b.

Number of complaints disposed of during

the financial year

NA

c.

Number of complaints pending as on end

of the financial year

NA

XI. Functional Committee

The Board is authorised to constitute one or more functional committees delegating thereto powers and duties with

respect to specific purposes for which such committee has been constituted. Meeting of such committees are held, as

and when the need arises. Time schedule for holding such functional committees is finalised in consultation with the

Committee members.

Procedure of Committee Meetings

The Company’s guidelines relating to Board Meetings are applicable to Committee Meetings, as far as may be practicable.

Each Committee has the authority to engage outside experts, advisors and counsels, to the extent it considers appropriate,

to assist in its work. Minutes of the proceedings of the Committee Meetings are placed before the next Committee and

the subsequent Board Meeting for perusal and noting.

XII. General Body Meetings

The particulars of last three Annual General Meeting(s) held by the Company are as under:

Financial Year/

Financial Period

Date

Time

Venue

No. of Special Resolutions

Passed at AGM

2019-20

August 24, 2020

10:00 A.M

AGM was held through Video Conferencing/ Other

Audio Visual Means. Deemed Venue of the AGM was

the registered office of the Company

-

2018-19

July 27, 2019

10:00 A.M

Radisson Blu Faridabad, Sector – 20B, Mathura Road,

Faridabad - 121 001, Haryana

Two*

2017-18

September 12, 2018 10:00 A.M

Radisson Blu Faridabad, Sector – 20B,

Mathura Road, Faridabad - 121 001, Haryana

One

*Three resolution were proposed for approval of shareholders of the Company, however, one resolution was not passed with

requisite majority.

XIV. Disclosures

a)

There are no materially significant related party

transactions of the Company which have potential

conflict with the interest of the Company at large.

All the related party transactions during the financial

year ended on March 31, 2021 were as per the

“Policy on Materiality of Related Party Transactions

and dealing with Related Parties”.

b)

Details of non-compliance by the Company, penalties,

strictures imposed on the Company by Stock

Exchanges or SEBI or any Statutory Authority, on

any matter related to capital markets, during the

last three years – NIL

c)

The Company has Whistle Blower Policy and has

established vigil mechanism system and affirm that

no personnel have been denied access to the Audit

Committee.

d)

Details of the compliance with mandatory requirement

and adoption of the discretionary requirements

as prescribed in Schedule II Part E of the Listing

Regulations.

The details of mandatory requirements are mentioned

in this Report. The status of adoption of the non-

mandatory requirement are mentioned in Clause

No. XVII.

e)

Policy for determining ‘Material Subsidiaries’

The Policy for determining Material Subsidiaries

is available on the website of the Company

www.escortsgroup.com under Investor Information

Section.

Escorts Limited

Spreading prosperity. Impacting lives.

146

Annual Report 2020-21

147

Corporate

Overview

Management

Discussion

and Analysis

Sustainability

Report

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports:

Managing Director of the Company.

2.

Shareholders’ rights: Half-yearly financial performance and

summary of significant events may be sent to each household of

shareholders.

The said information is available on Company’s website.

3.

Audit qualifications: The Company may move towards the regime

of unqualified financial statements.

Adopted

4.

Reporting of Internal Auditor

The Internal Auditors reports to the Audit Committee

from time to time.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Sd/-

Place: New Delhi

Nikhil Nanda

Date: May 14, 2021

Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director and Group Chief

Financial Officer & Corporate Head of the Company give

annual certification to the Board on financial reporting and

internal controls in terms of Regulation 17 of SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015

pertaining to CEO and CFO certification for the financial year

ended on March 31, 2021

To,

The Board of Directors

Escorts Limited

Dear Sir,

We, Nikhil Nanda, Chairman and: Managing Director and

Bharat Madan, Group Chief Financial Officer & Corporate

Head certify to the Board of Directors that:

a)

We have reviewed financial statements and the cash flow

statement of Escorts Limited for the financial year ended

March 31, 2021 and that to the best of our knowledge

and belief:

i.

these statements do not contain any materially

untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain

statements that might be misleading;

ii.

these statements together present a true and fair

view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance

with existing accounting standards, applicable laws

and regulations.

To the Members of Escorts Limited

1.

This certificate is issued in accordance with the terms

of our engagement letter dated 12 May 2021.

2.

We have examined the compliance of conditions of

corporate governance by Escorts Limited (‘the Company’)

for the year ended on 31 March 2021, as stipulated in

Regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) of Regulation 46(2),

and paragraphs C, D and E of Schedule V of the Securities

and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing

Regulations’).

Management’s Responsibility

3.

The compliance of conditions of corporate governance is

the responsibility of the management. This responsibility

includes the designing, implementing and maintaining

operating effectiveness of internal control to ensure

compliance with the conditions of corporate governance

as stipulated in the Listing Regulations.

Auditor’s Responsibility

4.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Listing Regulations,

our responsibility is to express a reasonable assurance in

the form of an opinion as to whether the Company has

complied with the conditions of corporate governance as

stated in paragraph 2 above. Our responsibility is limited

to examining the procedures and implementation thereof,

adopted by the Company for ensuring the compliance

with the conditions of corporate governance. It is neither

an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial

statements of the Company.

5.

We have examined the relevant records of the Company

in accordance with the applicable Generally Accepted

Auditing Standards in India, the Guidance Note on

Certification of Corporate Governance issued by the

Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (‘ICAI’), and

Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for Special

b)

There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no

transactions entered into by the Company during the

financial year which are fraudulent, illegal or violate of

the Company’s Code of Conduct.

c)

We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining

internal controls for financial reporting and we have

evaluated the effectiveness of Company’s internal control

systems pertaining to financial reporting and we have

disclosed to the Auditors and the Audit Committee,

deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal

controls, if any, of which we are aware and the steps we

have taken or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies.

d)

We have indicated to the Auditors and the Audit

Committee:

i.

significant changes in internal control over financial

reporting during the financial year;

ii.

significant changes in accounting policies during the

financial year and that the same have been disclosed

in the notes to the financial statements; and

iii.

instances of significant fraud of which they have

become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of

the management or an employee having a significant

role in the Company’s internal control system over

financial reporting.

Purposes issued by the ICAI which requires that we

comply with the ethical requirements of the Code of

Ethics issued by the ICAI.

6.

We have complied with the relevant applicable

requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC)

1, Quality Control for Firms that Perform Audits and

Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and Other

Assurance and Related Services Engagements.

Opinion

7.

Based on the procedures performed by us and to the

best of our information and according to the explanations

provided to us, in our opinion, the Company has complied,

in all material respects, with the conditions of corporate

governance as stipulated in the Listing Regulations during

the year ended 31 March 2021.

We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as

to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted

the affairs of the Company.

Restriction on use

8.

This certificate is issued solely for the purpose of

complying with the aforesaid regulations and may not

be suitable for any other purpose.

For Walker Chandiok & Co LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm Registration No. 001076N/N500013

Sd/-

Ashish Gupta

Partner

Membership No.: 504662

UDIN: 21504662AAAAEO3611

Place: New Delhi

Date: 24 June 2021

CEO/ CFO Certification

Independent Auditor’s Certificate on Corporate Governance

Sd/-

Sd/-

Date : May 14, 2021

Bharat Madan

Group Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Head

Place: Gurugram

Nikhil Nanda

Managing Director

4

4

2

Mr. Hardeep Singh

Member, Non-Executive Director

4

4

3

Mrs. Vibha Paul Rishi

Member, Independent Director

4

4

4

Mr. P.H. Ravikumar

Member, Independent Director

4

3

5

Ms. Tanya Dubash

Member, Independent Director

2

2

6

Ms. Nitasha Nanda

Member, Executive Director

2

2

3.

Web-link where Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by the board are disclosed

on the website of the Company.

(i)

Composition of CSR Committee: https://www.escortsgroup.com/templates/escortsgroup_home/images/pdf/

composition-of-various-committees-of-the-board.pdf

(ii)

CSR Policy: https://www.escortsgroup.com/templates/escortsgroup_home/images/pdf/CSR-Policy.pdf

(iii) CSR Projects: https://www.escortsgroup.com/templates/escortsgroup_home/images/pdf/List-of-CSR-Programmes.

pdf

4.

Impact assessment of CSR projects carried out in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 8 of the Companies (Corporate Social

responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, if applicable (attach the report): Not Applicable

5.

Details of the amount available for set off in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 7 of the Companies (Corporate Social

responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 and amount required for set off for the financial year, if any

Sl. No.

Financial Year

Amount available for set-off from preceding

financial years (in `)

Amount required to be set-off for the financial year,

if any (in `)

NIL

6.

Average net profit of the Company as per section 135(5): 590.97 crores

7.

(a)

Two percent of average net profit of the Company as per section 135(5): ` 11.82 crores

(b) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years: NIL

(c)

Amount required to be set off for the financial year, if any: NIL

(d) Total CSR obligation for the financial year (7a+7b-7c). ` 11.82 crores

8.

(a)

CSR amount spent or unspent for the financial year:

Total Amount Spent for the

Financial Year. (in `)

Amount Unspent (in `)

Total Amount transferred to Unspent CSR Account as per section

135(6).

Amount transferred to any fund specified under Schedule VII as per second proviso to

section 135(5).

Amount.

Date of transfer.

Name of the Fund

Amount.

Date of transfer.

3.53 crores

8.50 crores

April 29, 2021

NIL

NL

NA

(b) Details of CSR amount spent against ongoing projects for the financial year:

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

(10)

(11)

Sl.

No.

Name

of the

Project.

Item from the list of activities in

Schedule VII to the Act.

Local

area

(Yes/

No).

Location of the

project.

Project

duration.

Amount

allocated

for the

project

(` in

crores)

Amount

spent

in the

current

financial

Year

(` in

crores)

Amount

transferred

to Unspent

CSR Account

for the

project as

per Section

135(6)

(` in crores)

Mode of

Implementation

- Direct (Yes/

No).

Mode of Implementation -

Through Implementing Agency

State.

District.

Name

CSR

Registration

number.

1

Escorts

Advanced

Farming

Institute

Cl. ii Promoting education,

including special education

and employment enhancing

vocation skills especially among

children, women, elderly and the

differently abled and livelihood

enhancement projects

Yes

Haryana

Faridabad

Multiyear

Project

started from

FY 2020-21

and funds

allocated for

3 years

8.751

0.25

8.50

No

Escorts Skill

Development

CSR00001566

Total 8(b)

8.75

0.25

8.50

1 Total amount allocated for the project to be spent in three years is ` 37 crores approx..

Escorts Limited

Spreading prosperity. Impacting lives.

156

Annual Report 2020-21

157

Corporate

Overview

Management

Discussion

and Analysis

Sustainability

Report

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports:

Managing Director

Chairman of CSR Committee

Escorts Limited

Spreading prosperity. Impacting lives.

158

Annual Report 2020-21

159

Corporate

Overview

Management

Discussion

and Analysis

Sustainability

Report

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports:

Managing Director

FORM NO. MR-3

SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

(For the Financial Year ended March 31, 2021)

[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 9 of the Companies

(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]

Annexure – G

to the Directors’ Report

To,

The Members,

ESCORTS LIMITED

15/5, Mathura Road,

Faridabad – 121003, Haryana

I have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance of

applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good

corporate practices by Escorts Limited (hereinafter called

“the Company”/“EL”). The Secretarial Audit was conducted in

a manner that provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating

the corporate conducts/statutory compliances and expressing

my opinion thereon.

Based on my verification of Escorts Limited’s books, papers,

minute books, forms and returns filed and other records

maintained by the Company and also the information

provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorised

representatives during the conduct of secretarial audit, I

hereby report that in my opinion, the Company has, during the

audit period covering the Financial Year ended on March 31,

2021, complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder

and also that the Company has proper Board processes and

compliance mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner

and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:

I have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and

returns filed and other records maintained by Escorts Limited

for the financial year ended on March 31, 2021 according to

the provisions of:

I.

The Companies Act, 2013 ('the Act') and the Rules made

thereunder;

II.

The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’)

and the rules made thereunder;

III. The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and

Bye-laws framed thereunder;

IV. Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the

rules and regulations made thereunder to the extent of

Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment

and External Commercial Borrowings;

V.

The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed

under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act,

1992 (‘SEBI Act’):-

(a)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers)

Regulations, 2011;

(b) The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;

(c)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of

Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2018;

(d) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share

Based Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014;

(e)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue

and Listing of Debt Securities) Regulations, 2008

(Not applicable to the Company during the Audit

Period);

(f)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents)

Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies Act

and dealing with client;

(g) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting

of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009 (Not applicable

to the Company during the Audit Period);

(h) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-

back of Securities) Regulations, 2018 (Not applicable

to the Company during the Audit Period); and

(i)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015.

VI. I further report that, having regard to the compliance

system prevailing in the Company and based on the

representation made by the management of the Company

and on examination of the relevant documents and records

Escorts Limited

Spreading prosperity. Impacting lives.

160

Annual Report 2020-21

161

Corporate

Overview

Management

Discussion

and Analysis

Sustainability

Report

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports:

letter of even date which is

annexed as Annexure and forms integral part of this report.

For Jayant Gupta and Associates

Jayant Gupta

Practicing Company Secretary

FCS: 7288

CP: 9738

PR No.: 759/2020

UDIN: F007288C000300614

Place :Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh

Date : May 14, 2021

The Members,

ESCORTS LIMITED

Management Responsibility for Compliances

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. My responsibility is to express

an opinion on these secretarial records based on my audit.

2.

I have followed the audit practices and process as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness

of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected

in secretarial records. I believe that the process and practices I followed provide a reasonable basis for my opinion.

3.

The review of original registers, records and documents of the Company has been hampered during the audit and certain

audit procedures cannot be performed due to government restrictions of lock down and social distancing in view of

COVID-19 Global pandemic. I have relied upon the books, records and documents made available by the Company to

us through electronic means and in digital format.

4.

I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

5.

Wherever required, I have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations

and happening of events etc.

6.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility

of management. My examination was limited to the verification of procedure on test basis.

7.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Jayant Gupta and Associates

Jayant Gupta

Practicing Company Secretary

FCS : 7288

CP : 9738

PR No.: 759/2020

UDIN: F007288C000300614

Place :Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh

Date :May 14, 2021

Annexure to Secretarial Audit Report of Escorts Limited for financial year ended March 31, 2021

Escorts Limited

Spreading prosperity. Impacting lives.

162

Annual Report 2020-21

163

Corporate

Overview

Management

Discussion

and Analysis

Sustainability

Report

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports:

Managing Director

13.10

17.70

145.56

2.

Mr. Shailendra Agrawal, Executive Director

4.34

14.00

48.22

3.

Ms. Nitasha Nanda,

Whole-time Director

2.87

9.54

31.89

4.

Mr. Hardeep Singh, Non-Executive Director

0.26

44.44

2.89

5.

Mr. P.H. Ravikumar, Independent and Non-Executive Director

0.35

118.75

3.89

6.

Ms. Vibha Paul Rishi, Independent and Non-Executive Director

0.25

47.06

2.78

7.

Dr. Sutanu Behuria, Independent and Non-Executive Director

0.26

44.44

2.89

8.

Mr. Sunil Kant Munjal, Independent Director

0.19

58.33

2.11

9.

Ms. Tanya Dubash, Independent Director

0.19

*

2.11

10.

Mr. Harish N. Salve, Independent Director

0.16

*

1.78

11.

Mr. Dai Watanabe, Non-Executive Director

-

N.A.

N.A

12.

Mr. Yuji Tomiyama, Non-Executive Director

-

N.A.

N.A

13.

Bharat Madan

Group Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Head

3.65

20.00

Not Applicable

14.

Mr. Satyendra Chauhan, Company Secretary & Compliance

Officer

0.45

8.00

Not Applicable

* Ms. Tanya Dubash was appointed in 2019-20 for part of the financial year only. Hence the % increase in remuneration in not comparable for

Ms. Tanya Dubash. Mr. Harish N. Salve was appointed only for part of financial year 2020-21 i.e., from July 16, 2020. Mr. Dai Watanabe and Mr.

Yuji Tomiyama are Nominee Directors of M/s Kubota Corporation and not paid any sitting fee or commission.

(II) Increase in median remuneration of employees for the previous Financial Year: 3%

(III) Average percentage increase made in salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel in the last financial

year: 3%

(IV) Comparison with the percentage increase in the managerial remuneration and justification thereof: Compensation

was offered as per the Role’s/Grade’s internal & external parity. For the existing employees, increments and salary

corrections were made in line with the Market positioning, budget & compensation principles. Percentage increase in

remuneration in the financial year 2020-21 is due to increase in commission paid to Directors taking into account the

substantially improved performance of the Company during financial year 2020-21.

(V) Exception circumstances for increase in the managerial remuneration: N.A. Percentage increase in remuneration in the

financial year 2020-21 is due to increase in commission paid to Directors taking into account the substantially improved

performance of the Company during financial year 2020-21.

(VI) There were 3764 permanent employees on the rolls of the Company as on March 31, 2021.

(VII) It is hereby affirmed that the remuneration paid is as per the Remuneration Policy for the Directors, Key Managerial

Personnel, Senior Management and other Employees.

Escorts Limited

Spreading prosperity. Impacting lives.

164

Annual Report 2020-21

165

Corporate

Overview

Management

Discussion

and Analysis

Sustainability

Report

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports:

Managing Director

b)

Details of the BR head

No.

Particulars

Details

1.

DIN Number (if applicable)

Not Applicable

2.

Name

Satyendra Chauhan

3.

Designation

Company Secretary & Compliance Officer

4.

Telephone Number

0129-2564117

5.

E-mail ID

corpsl@escorts.co.in

2.

Principle-wise (as per NVGs) BR Policy/policies

P1

Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with Ethics, Transparency and Accountability.

P2

Businesses should provide goods and services that are safe and contribute to sustainability through out their life cycle.

P3

Businesses should promote the well being of all employees.

P4

Businesses should respect the interests of, and be responsive towards all stakeholders, especially those who are

disadvantaged, vulnerable and marginalized.

P5

Businesses should respect and promote human rights.

P6

Business should respect, protect, and make efforts to restore the environment.

P7

Businesses when engaged in influencing public and regulatory policy, should do so in a responsible manner.

P8

Businesses should support inclusive growth and equitable development.

P9

Businesses should engage with and provide value to their customers and consumers in responsible manner.

Annexure – I

to the Directors’ Report

Escorts Limited

Annual Report 2020-21

167

Corporate

Overview

Management

Discussion

and Analysis

Sustainability

Report

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports

Spreading prosperity. Impacting lives.

166:

Managing Director and senior management

periodically review the BR performance of the Company.

Besides them, the CSR Committee of the Board also

reviews the social performance of the Company as per

provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.

b)

Does the Company publish a BR or a Sustainability

Report? What Is the hyperlink for viewing this

report? How frequently it is published?

The Business Responsibility Report and Sustainability

Report forms an integral part of the Annual Report. The

reports are published on an annual basis. Such reports

can be viewed by anyone on https://www.escortsgroup.

com/investors/annual-reports.html

SECTION E- Principle-wise performance

Principle

1:

Businesses

should

conduct

and

govern themselves with Ethics, Transparency and

Accountability.

1.

Does the policy relating to ethics, bribery and

corruption cover only the Company? Yes/ No. Does

it extend to the Group / Joint Ventures/ Suppliers/

Contractors / NGOs/ Others?

The Company considers Corporate Governance as an

integral part of good management. The Company’s policy

relating to ethics, bribery and corruption is covered under

Escorts Limited Code of Business Ethics and Business

Policies, which are applicable to all personnel of the

Company.

All employees sign a code of conduct at the time of

joining the Company. The employees sign the Code of

Business Conduct every year. The Company also has in

place a Whistle Blower Policy.

All joint ventures, suppliers and contractors of the

Company are Independent entities. Therefore, the

Company’s code of business conduct do not apply to them

and Whistle Blower Policy is applicable to all stakeholders

of the Company.

2.

How many stakeholder complaints have been received

in the past financial year and what percentage was

satisfactorily resolved by the management? If so,

provide details thereof in about 50 words or so.

During the period under review, 119 concerns were

received from shareholders out of which 118 (99.16%)

were satisfactorily resolved as on March 31, 2021, and

the remaining is work in progress to be resolved.

Principle 2: Businesses should provide goods and

services that are safe and contribute to sustainability

throughout their lifecycle.

1.

List upto 3 of your products or services whose design

has incorporated social or environmental concerns,

risks and/ or opportunities.

The following products/ services have been designed to

incorporate social or environmental concerns as well as

benefit from the available opportunities:

A.

Product

i.

Design, Development & Testing of 60hp models of

Engines with BSIV emission norms for India

ii.

Design, Development & Testing of CRDI 50, 75, 90

& 110 HP Engines with Stage 5 Emission norms for

European Market

iii.

Upgraded all platforms to CEV & BSIV Norms to

meet emission, statutory & legal requirements.

B.

Electrical Energy Saving

i.

Installation of 8Nos all in one Solar Light Fixtures

with inbuilt lithium batteries on Main Driveway for

energy saving & better illumination.

ii.

Installation of High mast lighting system in testing

area to replace approx. 50nos x 200watt street

fixtures for energy saving and better illumination.

iii.

Development of New Design offices with Double

Vacuum Glass windows on south & west side to

minimise Heat Load inside office areas for energy

saving etc.

C.

Underground Water Saving :

i.

Installation of rain water harvesting system near

Plant Head Office area to increase in underground

water table.

ii.

STP Treated Water reused for Gardening, saving

of ~600KL Potable Water per month.

D.

Environmental improvement :

i.

Plantation work carried out across the Company on

Environment day i.e. on 5th June, 2020.

ii.

Installation of New 1250KVA DG Set with Sound

Proof Canopy & 30mtr high Chimney for environment

protection as per guidelines of HSPCB.

iii.

Installation of Independent Power Supply feeder to

minimize power trips, hence, minimizing use of DG

Set for protecting Environment.

Escorts Limited

Annual Report 2020-21

169

Corporate

Overview

Management

Discussion

and Analysis

Sustainability

Report

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports

Spreading prosperity. Impacting lives.

168:

Managing Director

Executive Director

Director

Membership No. 504662

(DIN: 00043432)

(DIN: 03108241)

(DIN: 00280010)

Place: New Delhi

Place: Gurugram

Place: Mumbai

Bharat Madan

Satyendra Chauhan

Group Chief Financial

Company Secretary &

Officer & Corporate Head

Compliance Officer

Place: Gurugram

Membership No. A14783

Place: New Delhi

Place: Faridabad

Date: 14 May 2021

Date: 14 May 2021

(` crores)

Note

As at

31 March 2021

As at

31 March 2020

ASSETS

Non-current assets

Property, plant and equipment

3 (i)

1,642.19

1,599.66

Capital work-in-progress

3 (ii)

41.18

104.39

Investment property

4

69.85

22.94

Right-of-use assets

5

42.73

33.24

Intangible assets

6 (i)

28.25

32.17

Intangible assets under development

6 (ii)

23.23

20.07

Financial assets

Investments

7 (i)

653.39

527.98

Loans

8 (i)

6.30

6.49

Other financial assets

9 (i)

11.49

-

Income tax assets (net)

5.18

16.28

Other non-current assets

11 (i)

84.60

96.04

Total non-current assets

2,608.39

2,459.26

Current assets

Inventories

12

674.46

822.20

Financial assets

Investments

7 (ii)

1,651.56

638.28

Trade receivables

13

698.40

756.52

Cash and cash equivalents

14

100.50

164.81

Bank balances other than above

15

1,216.02

153.67

Loans

8 (ii)

10.44

16.81

Other financial assets

9 (ii)

22.36

20.86

Other current assets

11 (ii)

189.40

265.75

Total current assets

4,563.14

2,838.90

Assets held for sale

16

31.70

13.92

Total assets

7,203.23

5,312.08

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

EQUITY

Equity share capital

17

134.83

122.58

Other equity

18

5,256.76

3,357.50

Total equity

5,391.59

3,480.08

LIABILITIES

Non-current liabilities

Financial liabilities

Borrowings

19 (i)

-

-

Lease liabilities

41

47.62

21.73

Other financial liabilities

20 (i)

23.97

19.96

Provisions

22 (i)

48.95

30.11

Deferred tax liabilities (net)

10 (i)

22.97

30.29

Other non-current liabilities

21 (i)

12.13

11.65

Total non-current liabilities

155.64

113.74

Current liabilities

Financial liabilities

Borrowings

19 (ii)

-

6.60

Trade payables

23

(a) Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises

104.23

80.25

(b) Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small enterprises

1,082.90

1,183.68

Lease liabilities

41

10.42

5.77

Other financial liabilities

20 (ii)

129.14

123.53

Other current liabilities

21 (ii)

203.96

192.84

Provisions

22 (ii)

100.80

125.59

Current tax liabilities

24.55

-

Total current liabilities

1,656.00

1,718.26

Total equity and liabilities

7,203.23

5,312.08

The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

As per our Report of even date attached

For Walker Chandiok & Co LLP

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Chartered Accountants

(Firm Regn No. 001076N/N500013)

Ashish Gupta

Nikhil Nanda

Shailendra Agrawal

P.H. Ravikumar

Partner

Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director

Executive Director

Director

Membership No. 504662

(DIN: 00043432)

(DIN: 03108241)

(DIN: 00280010)

Place: New Delhi

Place: Gurugram

Place: Mumbai

Bharat Madan

Satyendra Chauhan

Group Chief Financial

Company Secretary &

Officer & Corporate Head

Compliance Officer

Place: Gurugram

Membership No. A14783

Place: New Delhi

Place: Faridabad

Date: 14 May 2021

Date: 14 May 2021

Escorts Limited

Annual Report 2020-21

187

Corporate

Overview

Management

Discussion

and Analysis

Sustainability

Report

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports

Spreading prosperity. Impacting lives.

186:

Managing Director

Executive Director

Director

Membership No. 504662

(DIN: 00043432)

(DIN: 03108241)

(DIN: 00280010)

Place: New Delhi

Place: Gurugram

Place: Mumbai

Bharat Madan

Satyendra Chauhan

Group Chief Financial

Company Secretary &

Officer & Corporate Head

Compliance Officer

Place: Gurugram

Membership No. A14783

Place: New Delhi

Place: Faridabad

Date: 14 May 2021

Date: 14 May 2021

The financial statements have been prepared under

historical cost convention basis except for the following –

• Certain financial assets which are measured at fair

value;

• Defined benefit plans – plan assets measured at fair

value;

2.2 Summary of significant accounting policies

a)

Revenue recognition

Revenue arises mainly from the sale of manufactured

and traded goods, after-sales maintenance and extended

warranty services.

To determine whether to recognise revenue, the Company

follows a 5-step process:

1.

Identifying the contract with a customer

2.

Identifying the performance obligations

3.

Determining the transaction price

4.

Allocating the transaction price to the performance

obligations

5.

Recognising revenue when/as performance

obligation(s) are satisfied.

Revenue is measured at fair value of consideration received

or receivable, after deduction of any trade discounts,

volume rebates and any taxes or duties collected on behalf

of the government which are levied on sales such as goods

and services tax (GST). In case of multi-element revenue

arrangements, which involve delivery or performance of

multiple products, services, evaluation will be done of all

deliverables in an arrangement to determine whether they

represent separate units of accounting at the inception

of arrangement. Total arrangement consideration related

to the bundled contract is allocated among the different

elements based on their relative fair values (i.e., ratio

of the fair value of each element to the aggregated fair

value of the bundled deliverables). In case the relative

fair value of different components cannot be determined

on a reasonable basis, the total consideration is allocated

to the different components based on residual value

method.

Revenue is recognised either at a point in time or over

time, when (or as) the Company satisfies performance

obligations by transferring the promised goods or services

to its customers.

Annual Report 2020-21

189

Corporate

Overview

Management

Discussion

and Analysis

Sustainability

Report

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports

Escorts Limited

Spreading prosperity. Impacting lives.

188:

letter of credit (SBLC) of the Company carrying an interest rate

of 2.65% (12 month’s USD Libor + 58 BPS) per annum for purchase of machine.

(b) The carrying values are considered to be reasonable approximation of their fair values.

(iii) Reconciliation of financial liabilities arising from financing activities:

(` crores)

Non-current

borrowings and

Current maturities

of long-term

borrowings

Lease liabilities

Current

borrowings

Opening balance as at 1 April 2019

7.66

-

269.23

Cash flows:

Proceeds/(repayments)

(7.49)

(3.04)

(262.97)

Interest paid

(0.26)

(2.88)

(5.53)

Interest expenses

0.26

2.88

5.53

Non-cash:

Adoption of Ind AS 116

-

29.74

-

Addition during the year

-

0.68

-

Reclassification on adoption of Ind AS 116

(0.12)

0.12

-

Foreign currency fluctuation impact

-

-

0.34

Closing balance as at 31 March 2020

0.05

27.50

6.60

Cash flows:

Proceeds/(repayments)

(0.05)

(4.91)

(6.26)

Interest paid

-

(4.31)

(0.22)

Interest expenses

-

4.31

0.22

Non-cash:

Addition during the year

35.57

Reclassification

-

(0.12)

-

Foreign currency fluctuation impact

-

-

(0.34)

Closing balance as at 31 March 2021

-

58.04

-

20 Other financial liabilities

(i) Other non-current financial liabilities

(` crores)

As at

31 March 2021

As at

31 March 2020

Security deposits

23.97

19.96

23.97

19.96

Refer note 37 - Financial instruments for disclosure of fair values in respect of financial liabilities measured at amortised cost

and analysis of their maturity profiles.

(ii) Other current financial liabilities

(` crores)

As at

31 March 2021

As at

31 March 2020

Current maturities of long-term borrowings (refer note 19)

-

0.05

Capital creditors

21.61

20.62

Security deposits

0.62

0.69

Unpaid dividends*

1.28

1.45

Payable to related parties (refer note 47)

0.43

0.43

Employee related payables

95.84

73.40

Retention money

0.58

0.58

Other payables

8.78

25.75

Derivative liabilities

-

0.56

129.14

123.53

*Investor Education and Protection Fund will be credited as and when due

The carrying values are considered to be a reasonable approximation of their fair values.

21 Other liabilities

(i) Other non-current liabilities

(` crores)

As at

31 March 2021

As at

31 March 2020

Deferred income

12.13

11.65

12.13

11.65

(ii) Other current liabilities

(` crores)

As at

31 March 2021

As at

31 March 2020

Advances received from customers

65.43

83.13

Advance against sale of property, plant and equipment & Right-of-use assets

11.60

9.00

Payable to statutory authorities

42.74

30.41

Deferred income

28.82

24.55

Others

55.37

45.75

203.96

192.84

Escorts Limited

Annual Report 2020-21

217

Corporate

Overview

Management

Discussion

and Analysis

Sustainability

Report

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports

Spreading prosperity. Impacting lives.

216:

Director's sitting fees and commission

8.46

6.03

Corporate social responsibility (CSR) expenditure *

11.82

9.85

Provision for doubtful debts/advances and deposits

8.59

9.45

Bad debts and inventory written off

3.97

-

Less: Provision already held

(3.97)

-

Assets written off

0.62

0.35

Miscellaneous expenses

16.62

54.59

671.84

755.19

(` crores)

Year ended

31 March 2021

Year ended

31 March 2020

* CSR Expenditure

(i) Gross amount required to be spent by the Company during the year

11.82

9.80

(ii) Amount spent (in cash) during the year on:

a) Construction/acquisition of any asset

-

-

b) For the purposes other than (a) above

3.53

9.85

(iii) Unspent amount deposited in a designated bank account on 29 April 2021, in terms of

Section 135(6) of the Companies Act, 2013.

8.29

-

31 Exceptional items

(` crores)

Year ended

31 March 2021

Year ended

31 March 2020

Settlement of product liability matter (refer note 44 (f))

-

(9.22)

-

(9.22)

32 Earnings per share (EPS)

Year ended

31 March 2021

Year ended

31 March 2020

Net profit for the year (A) (` in crores)

874.06

485.54

Total shares issued at the beginning of the year

122,576,878

122,576,878

Less: shares reserved for issue under options held by Escorts Employees Benefit & Welfare Trust

at the beginning of the year

3,074,512

3,074,512

Add: Weighted average number of Equity Shares issued and allotment of shares by ESOP Trust

to Employees

8,765,415

-

Weighted-average number of equity shares for basic EPS (B)

128,267,781

119,502,366

Effect of dilution:

Weighted average number of share options granted to employees

177,247

-

Weighted average number of equity shares adjusted for the effect of dilution (C)

128,445,028

119,502,366

Basic EPS (Amount in `) (A/B)

68.14

40.63

Diluted EPS (Amount in `) (A/C)

68.05

40.63

33 Legal and professional expenses includes payments to auditor

(` crores)

Year ended

31 March 2021

Year ended

31 March 2020

As Auditor:

Audit fee

1.20

1.00

Certification and other services

0.06

0.05

For reimbursement of expenses

0.06

0.06

34 Commitments and contingencies

(` crores)

As at

31 March 2021

As at

31 March 2020

A. Capital commitments

- Estimated amounts of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account and not

provided for

242.76

205.27

-: Letter of Credit/guarantees executed in favour of others

74.71

75.28

B. Contingencies

(i) Taxation related contingencies

Excise duty/ customs duty /service tax demands

456.24

463.52

Sales tax and other demands

34.43

48.75

Demand raised by income tax department, disputed by the Company and pending in appeal

(refer note 1 below)

63.40

65.44

(ii) Others

Cases under litigation relating to:

- Personnel

4.21

4.61

- Others

18.04

17.20

(iii) Claims not acknowledged as debts

14.48

-

(iv) Demand raised by Faridabad Municipal Corporation for external development charges where

the Company is in litigation

-

2.38

Notes:

1.

Contingencies for demand raised by income tax department, disputed by the Company and pending in appeal does

not include Income tax cases pending w.r.t. Escorts Heart Institute and Research Center Limited since the amount is

indeterminable (refer note 22(ii) for details). Further the amount includes ` 32.17 crores (31 March 2020 ` 32.17 crores)

in respect of matters which have been decided in favour of the Company, however the income tax department has

preferred appeals at the next levels.

2.

The amounts indicated as contingent liability or claims against the Company only reflect the basic value. Interest, penalty

if any or legal costs, being indeterminable are not considered. Penalties wherever quantified have been included.

3.

Pursuant to order dated 11 December 2014 passed by the Hon’ble Supreme Court of India, compensation amount for the

general category allotees of plots in Sector-58, Ballabhgarh, Faridabad was enhanced @ ` 1,987 per square meter by

the Chief Administrator HUDA, Panchkula and the same was intimated to Estate Officer, Haryana Urban Development

Authority (HUDA), Faridabad. Accordingly, a demand was raised by HUDA on the Company for its land at Sector-58

admeasuring about 40 acres. Being aggrieved by this arbitrary action of Chief Administrator HSVP (Haryana Sahari

Vikas Pradhikaran), Panchkula, “The Faridabad Industries Association” filed a Civil Writ Petition before the Hon’ble

High Court of Punjab & Haryana at Chandigarh whereby the court passed direction for recalculation of enhancement

Escorts Limited

Annual Report 2020-21

223

Corporate

Overview

Management

Discussion

and Analysis

Sustainability

Report

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports

Spreading prosperity. Impacting lives.

222

letter of credit from customers where

credit risk is high and taking insurance cover for receivables. The Company closely monitors the credit-worthiness of

the debtors through internal systems that are configured to define credit limits of customers, thereby, limiting the credit

risk to pre-calculated amounts. In case of trade receivables, default is considered to have occurred when amounts

receivable become one year past due.

Other financial assets measured at amortised cost

Other financial assets measured at amortised cost includes loans and advances to employees, security deposits and

others. Credit risk related to these other financial assets is managed by monitoring the recoverability of such amounts

continuously, while at the same time internal control system are in place ensure the amounts are within defined limits.

b)

Expected credit losses for financial assets

i)

Financial assets (other than trade receivables)

Company provides for expected credit losses on loans and advances other than trade receivables by assessing individual

financial instruments for expectation of any credit losses.

• For cash & cash equivalents and other bank balances - Since the Company deals with only high-rated banks and

financial institutions, credit risk in respect of cash and cash equivalents, other bank balances and bank deposits is

evaluated as very low.

• For loans comprising security deposits paid - Credit risk is considered low because the Company is in possession

of the underlying asset.

• For other financial assets - Credit risk is evaluated based on Company’s knowledge of the credit worthiness of those

parties and loss allowance is measured. Since this category includes loans and receivables of varied natures and

purpose, there is no trend that the Company can draw to apply consistently to entire population. For such financial

assets, the Company’s policy is to provide for 12 month expected credit losses upon initial recognition and provide

for lifetime expected credit losses upon significant increase in credit risk. The Company does not have any expected

loss based impairment recognised on such assets.”

ii)

Expected credit loss for trade receivables under simplified approach

The Company recognizes lifetime expected credit losses on trade receivables using a simplified approach, wherein

Company has defined percentage of provision by analysing historical trend of default (net of any recoveries from

the insurance companies) relevant to each business segment based on the criteria defined above and such provision

percentage determined have been considered to recognise life time expected credit losses on trade receivables (other

than those where default criteria are met in which case the full expected loss against the amount recoverable is provided

for). Trade receivables amounting to ` 123.05 crores (31 March 2020: ` 56.80 crores) are secured by way of security

deposits from customer and: letter of credit issued by banks. The letter of credit are issued by reputable banks and their

credit risk is assessed to be low.

31 March 2021

Agri machinery

(` crores)

Ageing

0-90 days

91-180 days

181-270

days

271-365

days

More than

365 days

Total

Gross carrying amount- trade receivables

364.30

18.28

32.95

16.15

52.52

484.20

Expected loss rate

0.38%

2.7%

2.6%

3.3%

38.4%

Expected credit loss (loss allowance provision net

of trade receivables secured by insurance)

1.37

0.50

0.85

0.54

20.16

23.42

Construction equipment

(` crores)

Ageing

0-90 days

91-180 days

181-270

days

271-365

days

More than

365 days

Total

Gross carrying amount- trade receivables

115.45

1.51

0.56

0.16

25.92

143.60

Expected loss rate

1.84%

15.23%

50.00%

81.25%

86.84%

Expected credit loss (loss allowance provision net

of trade receivables secured by insurance)

2.13

0.23

0.28

0.13

22.51

25.28

Escorts Limited

Annual Report 2020-21

229

Corporate

Overview

Management

Discussion

and Analysis

Sustainability

Report

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports

Spreading prosperity. Impacting lives.

228

Managing Director

Mr. Shailendra Agarwal

Executive Director

Mr. Bharat Madan #

Group Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Head

Mr. Ajay Sharma # (ceased as KMP w.e.f 30 November 2019)

Group General Counsel and Company Secretary

Mr. Satyendra Chauhan # (w.e.f. 29 January 2020)

Company Secretary & Compliance Officer

Other directors

Ms. Nitasha Nanda

Mr. Hardeep Singh

Mr. Darius Jehangir Kakalia (ceased as KMP w.e.f. 27 November 2019)

Mr. G. B. Mathur (ceased as KMP w.e.f. 31 December 2019)

Mr. P.H Ravikumar

Mr. Ravi Narain (ceased as KMP w.e.f. 1 May 2019)

Mr. Sutanu Behuria

Ms. Vibha Paul Rishi

Mr. Sunil Kant Munjal (appointed as Director w.e.f. 7 May 2019)

Ms. Tanya Dubash (appointed as Director w.e.f. 29 January 2020)

Mr. Harish N. Salve (appointed as Director w.e.f. 16 July 2020)

Mr. Dai Watanabe (appointed as Director w.e.f. 16 July 2020)

Mr. Yuji Tomiyama (appointed as Director w.e.f. 16 July 2020)

# Key Management Personnel (KMP) as defined under Section 2(51) of the Companies Act, 2013

Enterprises over which key management personnel and relatives of such personnel exercise significant influence

AAA Portfolios Private Limited

Niky Tasha Energies Private Limited

Agresource Management Private Limited

Raksha Health Insurance TPA Private Limited (formerly known

as Raksha TPA Private Limited)

Big Apple Clothing Private Limited

Rimari India Private Limited

EEWL Limited (formerly known as Escorts Employees Welfare Limited)

Ritu Nanda Insurance Service Private Limited

Escorts Skill Development

Sietz Technologies India Private Limited

GBM Management Advisors LLP (cease to be w.e.f 31 December 2019)

Sun & Moon Travels (India) Private Limited

Har Parshad And Company Private Limited

Hero Mindmine Institute Private Limited (w.e.f 7 May 2019)

Momento Communications Private Limited

The IVY Trust (w.e.f 7 May 2019)

Niky Tasha Communications Private Limited

Kubota Corporation (w.e.f 16 July 2020)

List of other related parties

Mrs. Ritu Nanda (relative of key managerial personnel, date of demise 14 January 2020)

Escorts Limited Employees' Group Gratuity Fund Trust (refer note 39 for transaction)

Key management personnel remuneration includes the following expenses:

(` crores)

31 March 2021

31 March 2020

Short-term employee benefits:

25.14

20.44

Other long term benefits

0.20

0.07

Post-employment benefits:

0.72

0.69

Total remuneration

26.06

21.20

Escorts Limited

Annual Report 2020-21

247

Corporate

Overview

Management

Discussion

and Analysis

Sustainability

Report

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports

Spreading prosperity. Impacting lives.

246:

Managing Director

Executive Director

Director

Membership No. 504662

(DIN: 00043432)

(DIN: 03108241)

(DIN: 00280010)

Place: New Delhi

Place: Gurugram

Place: Mumbai

Bharat Madan

Satyendra Chauhan

Group Chief Financial

Company Secretary &

Officer & Corporate Head

Compliance Officer

Place: Gurugram

Membership No. A14783

Place: New Delhi

Place: Faridabad

Date: 14 May 2021

Date: 14 May 2021

Escorts Limited

Annual Report 2020-21

251

Corporate

Overview

Management

Discussion

and Analysis

Sustainability

Report

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports

Spreading prosperity. Impacting lives.

250:

Managing Director

Executive Director

Director

Membership No. 504662

(DIN: 00043432)

(DIN: 03108241)

(DIN: 00280010)

Place: New Delhi

Place: Gurugram

Place: Mumbai

Bharat Madan

Satyendra Chauhan

Group Chief Financial

Company Secretary &

Officer & Corporate Head

Compliance Officer

Place: Gurugram

Membership No. A14783

Place: New Delhi

Place: Faridabad

Date: 14 May 2021

Date: 14 May 2021

Consolidated Balance Sheet

as at 31 March 2021

(` crores)

Note

As at

31 March 2021

As at

31 March 2020

ASSETS

Non-current assets

Property, plant and equipment

3 (i)

1,654.78

1,613.23

Capital work-in-progress

3 (ii)

41.20

104.42

Investment property

4

69.86

22.94

Right-of-use assets

5

42.76

33.46

Intangible assets

6 (i)

28.83

32.78

Intangible assets under development

6 (ii)

23.49

20.24

Investments accounted for using equity method

7 (i)

259.84

144.58

Financial assets

Investments (other than investment accounted using equity method)

7 (ii)

13.11

1.87

Loans

8 (i)

7.06

13.64

Other financial assets

9 (i)

11.49

0.80

Deferred tax assets (net)

10 (i)

-

1.44

Income tax assets (net)

5.83

17.76

Other non current assets

11 (i)

85.77

97.31

Total non-current assets

2,244.02

2,104.47

Current assets

Inventories

12

718.16

883.36

Financial assets

Investments

7 (iii)

1,665.07

650.91

Trade receivables

13

657.58

731.86

Cash and cash equivalents

14

105.74

168.89

Bank balances other than above

15

1,216.02

155.99

Loans

8 (ii)

10.53

17.10

Other financial assets

9 (ii)

21.97

21.46

Other current assets

11 (ii)

190.21

267.44

Total current assets

4,585.28

2,897.01

Assets held for sale

16

48.87

13.92

Total assets

6,878.17

5,015.40

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

EQUITY

Equity share capital

17

134.83

122.58

Other equity

18

4,891.30

2,994.82

Total of Equity (for shareholders of parent)

5,026.13

3,117.40

Non-controlling interests

19

(0.91)

5.10

Total equity

5,025.22

3,122.50

LIABILITIES

Non-current liabilities

Financial liabilities

Borrowings

20 (i)

1.72

2.69

Lease liabilities

42

47.63

21.78

Other financial liabilities

21 (i)

23.97

20.10

Provisions

23 (i)

49.11

30.51

Deferred tax liabilities (net)

10 (i)

23.30

30.71

Other non-current liabilities

22 (i)

12.13

11.65

Total non-current liabilities

157.86

117.44

Current liabilities

Financial liabilities

Borrowings

20 (ii)

-

16.51

Trade payables

24

(a) Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises

104.23

80.25

(b) Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small enterprises

1,091.19

1,212.67

Lease liabilities

42

10.44

5.94

Other financial liabilities

21 (ii)

141.48

137.32

Other current liabilities

22 (ii)

205.11

196.91

Provisions

23 (ii)

101.68

125.75

Current tax liabilities

24.66

0.11

Total current liabilities

1,678.79

1,775.46

Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale

33

16.30

-

Total liabilities

1,852.95

1,892.90

Total equity and liabilities

6,878.17

5,015.40

The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

As per our Report of even date attached

For Walker Chandiok & Co LLP

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Chartered Accountants

(Firm Regn No. 001076N/N500013)

Ashish Gupta

Nikhil Nanda

Shailendra Agrawal

P.H. Ravikumar

Partner

Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director

Executive Director

Director

Membership No. 504662

(DIN: 00043432)

(DIN: 03108241)

(DIN: 00280010)

Place: New Delhi

Place: Gurugram

Place: Mumbai

Bharat Madan

Satyendra Chauhan

Group Chief Financial

Company Secretary &

Officer & Corporate Head

Compliance Officer

Place: Gurugram

Membership No. A14783

Place: New Delhi

Place: Faridabad

Date: 14 May 2021

Date: 14 May 2021

Consolidated Cash Flow Statement

for the year ended 31 March 2021

(` crores)

Year ended

31 March 2021

Year ended

31 March 2020

A Cash flow from operating activities

Profit before tax

1,154.78

625.25

Adjustments for:

Depreciation and amortisation expense

118.28

107.22

Provisions written back net of provisions recognised during the year

(46.22)

(28.42)

Finance costs (other than finance and bank charges)

10.31

14.34

Interest income

(80.19)

(44.43)

Share of loss of equity accounted investments

0.74

1.08

Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment (net)

(3.72)

(1.39)

Loss on discard of capital work-in-progress and property, plant and equipment

0.08

3.61

Gain on fair valuation and sale of investments carried at fair value through profit or loss (net)

(58.66)

(37.35)

Share based payment to employees

16.36

3.40

Unrealised foreign exchange loss/(gain)

(2.61)

1.44

Operating profit before working capital changes

1,109.15

644.75

Movement in working capital

Inventories

165.20

(25.94)

Trade receivable

56.03

189.73

Other financial assets

9.61

(23.76)

Other assets

76.01

32.01

Trade payables

(34.83)

78.09

Other financial liabilities

13.06

9.89

Other liabilities

(10.28)

67.19

Cash generated from operating activities post working capital changes

1,383.95

971.96

Income tax paid (net)

(252.69)

(174.80)

Net cash generated from operating activities (A)

1,131.26

797.16

B

Cash flows from investing activities

Purchase of property, plant and equipment (including capital advances)

(115.72)

(182.21)

Sale of property, plant and equipment

7.43

5.27

Purchase of intangible assets

(9.87)

(13.21)

Purchase of investment property

(11.06)

-

Investment in joint ventures

(116.22)

(60.00)

Purchase of other non current investments

(25.82)

-

Purchase of current investment (net)

(940.61)

(209.88)

Bank deposit (having original maturity of more than 3 months)

(1,021.77)

3.68

Margin/bank deposits

(7.78)

(9.75)

Interest received

47.87

44.86

Net cash used in investing activities (B)

(2,193.55)

(421.24)

Escorts Limited

Annual Report 2020-21

263

Corporate

Overview

Management

Discussion

and Analysis

Sustainability

Report

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports

Spreading prosperity. Impacting lives.

262:

Managing Director

Executive Director

Director

Membership No. 504662

(DIN: 00043432)

(DIN: 03108241)

(DIN: 00280010)

Place: New Delhi

Place: Gurugram

Place: Mumbai

Bharat Madan

Satyendra Chauhan

Group Chief Financial

Company Secretary &

Officer & Corporate Head

Compliance Officer

Place: Gurugram

Membership No. A14783

Place: New Delhi

Place: Faridabad

Date: 14 May 2021

Date: 14 May 2021

Annual Report 2020-21

265

Corporate

Overview

Management

Discussion

and Analysis

Sustainability

Report

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports

Escorts Limited

Spreading prosperity. Impacting lives.

264:

Director's sitting fees and commission

8.50

6.08

Corporate social responsibility (CSR) expenditure *

11.82

9.85

Provision for doubtful debts/advances and deposits

10.06

9.93

Bad debts and inventory written off

3.97

-

Less: Provision already held

(3.97)

-

Assets written off

0.83

0.46

Miscellaneous expenses

24.66

65.47

696.11

786.08

Escorts Limited

Annual Report 2020-21

303

Corporate

Overview

Management

Discussion

and Analysis

Sustainability

Report

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports

Spreading prosperity. Impacting lives.

302:

Letter of credit/guarantees executed in favour of others

79.71

80.28

B. Contingencies

(i) Taxation related contingencies

Excise duty/ customs duty /service tax demands

456.24

463.52

Sales tax and other demands

34.45

48.77

Demand raised by Income tax department, disputed by the Group and pending in appeal

(refer note (1) below)

63.40

65.45

(ii) Others

Cases under litigation relating to:

- Personnel

4.21

4.61

- Others

18.04

17.20

(iii) Claims not acknowledged as debts

14.48

-

(iv) Demand raised by Faridabad Municipal Corporation for external development charges where

the Group is in litigation

-

2.38

Notes:

1.

Contingencies for demand raised by income tax department, disputed by the Group and pending in appeal does not include

Income tax cases pending w.r.t. Escorts Heart Institute and Research Center Limited since the amount is indeterminable

(refer note 23(ii) for details).Further the amount includes ` 32.17 crores ( 31 March 2020 ` 32.17 crores) in respect of

matters which have been decided in favour of the Group, however the income tax department has preferred appeals

at the next levels.

2.

The amounts indicated as contingent liability or claims against the Group only reflect the basic value.Interest, penalty

if any or legal costs,being indeterminable are not considered. Penalties wherever quantified have been included.

Escorts Limited

Annual Report 2020-21

305

Corporate

Overview

Management

Discussion

and Analysis

Sustainability

Report

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports

Spreading prosperity. Impacting lives.

304:

letter of credit from customers where

credit risk is high and taking insurance cover for receivables. The Group closely monitors the credit-worthiness of the

debtors through internal systems that are configured to define credit limits of customers, thereby, limiting the credit

risk to pre-calculated amounts. In case of trade receivables, default is considered to have occurred when amounts

receivable become one year past due.

Other financial assets measured at amortised cost

Other financial assets measured at amortized cost includes loans and advances to employees, security deposits and

others. Credit risk related to these other financial assets is managed by monitoring the recoverability of such amounts

continuously, while at the same time internal control system are in place ensure the amounts are within defined limits.

b)

Expected credit losses for financial assets other than trade receivables

i)

Financial assets (other than trade receivables)

Group provides for expected credit losses on loans and advances other than trade receivables by assessing individual

financial instruments for expectation of any credit losses.

• For cash & cash equivalents and other bank balances - Since the Group deals with only high-rated banks and financial

institutions, credit risk in respect of cash and cash equivalents, other bank balances and bank deposits is evaluated

as very low.

• For loans comprising security deposits paid - Credit risk is considered low because the Group is in possession of

the underlying asset.

• For other financial assets - Credit risk is evaluated based on Group’s knowledge of the credit worthiness of those

parties and loss allowance is measured. Since this category includes loans and receivables of varied natures and

purpose, there is no trend that the Group can draw to apply consistently to entire population For such financial

assets, the Group’s policy is to provide for 12 month expected credit losses upon initial recognition and provide for

lifetime expected credit losses upon significant increase in credit risk. The Group does not have any expected loss

based impairment recognised on such assets.

ii)

Expected credit loss for trade receivables under simplified approach

The Group recognizes lifetime expected credit losses on trade receivables using a simplified approach, wherein Group

has defined percentage of provision by analysing historical trend of default (net of any recoveries from the insurance

companies) relevant to each business segment based on the criteria defined above and such provision percentage

determined have been considered to recognise life time expected credit losses on trade receivables (other than those

where default criteria are met in which case the full expected loss against the amount recoverable is provided for).Trade

receivables amounting to ` 123.05 crores (31 Mar 2020: ` 56.80 crores) are secured by way of security deposits from

customer and: letter of credit issued by banks. The letter of credit are issued by reputable banks and their credit risk

isassessed to below.

31 March 2021

Agri machinery

(` crores)

Ageing

0-90 days

91-180 days

181-270

days

271-365

days

More than

365 days

Total

Gross carrying amount - trade receivables

353.49

11.75

19.06

12.70

40.54

437.54

Expected loss rate

0.39%

4.26%

4.46%

4.25%

49.73%

Expected credit loss allowance (net of expected

recoveries under insurance contracts)

1.37

0.50

0.85

0.54

20.16

23.42

C.1 Credit risk

Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty fails to discharge its obligation to the Group. The Group exposure to credit risk

is influenced mainly by cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables and other financial assets measured at amortised

cost. The Group continuously monitors defaults of customers and other counterparties and incorporates this information

into its credit risk controls.

a)

Credit risk management

The Group assesses and manages credit risk based on internal credit rating system. Internal credit rating is performed

for each class of financial instruments with different characteristics. The Group assigns the following credit ratings to

each class of financial assets based on the assumptions, inputs and factors specific to the class of financial assets.

(i)

Low credit risk

(ii)

Moderate credit risk

(iii) High credit risk

Based on business environment in which the Group operates, a default on a financial asset is considered when the

counter party fails to make payments within the agreed time period as per contract. Loss rates reflecting defaults are

based on actual credit loss experience and considering differences between current and historical economic conditions.

Assets are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery, such as a debtor declaring bankruptcy or a

litigation decided against the Group. The Group continues to engage with parties whose balances are written off and

attempts to enforce repayment. Recoveries made are recognised in statement of profit and loss.

The Group provides for expected credit loss on financial assets other than trade receivables based on the following:

Basis of categorisation

Asset class exposed to credit risk

Provision for expected credit loss

Low credit risk

Cash and cash equivalents, other bank balances, loans

and other financial assets measured at amortised cost

12 month expected credit loss

High credit risk

Trade receivables

Other financial assets - Life time expected credit

loss (when there is significant deterioration) or

specific provision, whichever is higher.

In respect of trade receivables that result from contracts with customers, loss allowance is always measured at lifetime

expected credit losses.

Financial assets (other than trade receivables) that expose the entity to credit risk* –

(` crores)

As at

31 March 2021

As at

31 March 2020

(i) Low credit risk on financial reporting date

Loans

17.59

30.74

Investments**

27.47

1.52

Cash and cash equivalents

105.74

168.89

Other bank balances

1,216.02

155.99

Other financial assets

31.51

22.26

*These represent carrying values of financial assets, without deduction for expected credit losses

**These investments represents tax free bonds and preference shares at amortised cost

Escorts Limited

Annual Report 2020-21

309

Corporate

Overview

Management

Discussion

and Analysis

Sustainability

Report

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports

Spreading prosperity. Impacting lives.

308

Managing Director and Trustee

Mr. Shailendra Agrawal

Executive Director

Mr. Bharat Madan*

Group Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Head and Trustee

Mr. Ajay Sharma*

Group General Counsel and Company Secretary (cease to be Group General Counsel

and Company Secretary w.e.f 30 November 2019)

Mr. Satyendra Chauhan*

Company Secretary & Compliance Officer and Trustee (appointed as Company

Secretary w.e.f 29 January 2020)

Ms. Nitasha Nanda

Director

Mr. Hardeep Singh

Director

Mr. P.H Ravikumar

Director

Ms. Vibha Paul Rishi

Director

Mr. Sutanu Behuria

Director and Trustee

Mr. Darius Jehangir Kakalia

Director (cease to be Director w.e.f 27 November 2019)

Mr. Ravi Narain

Director (cease to be Director w.e.f 01 May 2019)

Mr. G. B. Mathur

Director (cease to be Director w.e.f 31 December 2019)

Mr. Sunil Kant Munjal

Director (appointed as Director w.e.f 07 May 2019)

Ms. Tanya Arvind Dubash

Director (appointed as Director w.e.f 29 January 2020)

Mr. Harish N. Salve

Director (appointed as Director w.e.f. 16 July 2020))

Mr. Dai Watanabe

Director (appointed as Director w.e.f. 16 July 2020))

Mr. Yuji Tomiyama

Director (appointed as Director w.e.f. 16 July 2020))

Mr. Pawan Goenka

Chief Financial Officer (appointed w.e.f. 30 July 2020))

Mr. Deba Prasad Roy

Director

Mr. Amal Dattkumar Dhru

Director (cease to be Director w.e.f 23 July 2019)

Mr. Pawan Kumar Bhalla

Director and Trustee

Mr. Ashish Kumar Bhattacharya

Director

Mr. Shenu Agarwal

Director

Mr. Rajan Chugh*: Managing

Managing Director

Executive Director

Director

Membership No. 504662

(DIN: 00043432)

(DIN: 03108241)

(DIN: 00280010)

Place: New Delhi

Place: Gurugram

Place: Mumbai

Bharat Madan

Satyendra Chauhan

Group Chief Financial

Company Secretary &

Officer & Corporate Head

Compliance Officer

Place: Gurugram

Membership No. A14783

Place: New Delhi

Place: Faridabad

Date: 14 May 2021

Date: 14 May 2021

As at 31 March 2020

(` crores)

Revenue from operations

Goods

Services

Other operating

revenue*

Total

Revenue by geography

Domestic

5,389.05

13.13

48.22

5,450.40

Export

286.18

-

-

286.18

Total

5,675.23

13.13

48.22

5,736.58

Revenue by time

Revenue recognised at point in time

5,723.45

Revenue recognised over time

13.13

Total

5,736.58

* Other operating revenue amounting to ` 93.57 crores (31 March 2020: ` 73.51 crores) in the nature of export incentives, liabilities no longer

required written back and others is not in the scope of Ind AS 115. Hence, not covered here

(b) Revenue recognised in relation to contract liabilities

Ind AS 115 also requires disclosure of ‘revenue recognised in the reporting period that was included in the contract

liability balance at the beginning of the period’ and ‘revenue recognised in the reporting period from performance

obligations satisfied (or partially satisfied) in previous periods. Same has been disclosed as below:

(` crores)

Description

As at

31 March 2021

As at

31 March 2020

Revenue recognised in the reporting period that was included in the contract liability

balance at the beginning of the period

82.50

34.64

Revenue recognised in the reporting period from performance obligations satisfied

(or partially satisfied) in previous periods

-

-

(c) Assets and liabilities related to contracts with customers

(` crores)

Particulars

As at 31 March 2021

As at 31 March 2020

Non-current

Current

Non-current

Current

Contract liabilities related to sale of goods

Advance from customers

-

66.42

-

86.74

Deferred income

12.13

28.82

11.65

24.55

Remaining performance obligations as at the reporting date are expected to be substantially recognised over the next

three years by the Group.

(d) Reconciliation of revenue recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss with Contract price

(` crores)

Description

As at

31 March 2021

As at

31 March 2020

Contract price

7,249.15

5,996.86

Less: Discount, rebates, credits etc.

328.30

260.28

Revenue from operations as per Statement of Profit and Loss*

6,920.85

5,736.58

* Other operating revenue amounting to ` 93.57 crores (31 March 2020: ` 73.51 crores) in the nature of export incentives, liabilities no longer

required written back and others is not in the scope of Ind AS 115. Hence, not covered here.

Escorts Limited

Annual Report 2020-21

339

Corporate

Overview

Management

Discussion

and Analysis

Sustainability

Report

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports

Spreading prosperity. Impacting lives.

338:

Managing Director

Executive Director

Director

(DIN: 00043432)

(DIN: 03108241)

(DIN: 00280010)

Place: New Delhi

Place: Gurugram

Place: Mumbai

Bharat Madan

Satyendra Chauhan

Group Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Head

Company Secretary & Compliance Officer

Place: Gurugram

Membership No. A14783

Place: Faridabad

Date: 14 May 2021

Short Form

Full form

AAR

The Association of American Railroads

AGM

Annual General Meeting

AR

Annual Report

BHL

Backhoe Loader

BRR

Business Responsibility Report

BSE

Bombay Stock Exchange

BSIV

Bharat stage emission standards

CAGR

Compound Annual Growth Rate

CEI

Customer Empathy Index

CEO

Chief Executive Officer

CFO

Chief Financial Officer

CHRO

Chief Human Resource Officer

CII

Conferderation of Indian Industry

CNG

Compressed natural gas

CoBC

Code of Business Conduct

COO

Chief Operating Officer

CSR

Corporate social responsibility

CY

Current Year

DFC

Dedicated Freight Corridors

DG

Diesel Generator

DHBVN

Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam

DIY

Do it yourself

DLP

Data Loss Prevention

DNA

Deoxyribonucleic acid

EAM

Escorts Agri Machinery

EBIT

Earnings before interest and taxes

EBITDA

Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation, and Amortization

EBWT

Escorts Benefit and Welfare Trust

ECE

Escorts Construction Equipment

ED

Executive Director

EHS

Environment, Health and Safety

EK

E-Kubota

EKI

Escorts Kubota India private Limited

EMDE

Emerging Market and Developing Economies

ERM

Enterprise Risk Management

ESG

Environment, Social and Governance

ESL

Escorts Securities Limited

ESOPs

Employee Stock Option Plan

ETP

Effluent Treatment Plant

EY

Ernst & Young

FT

Farmtrac

FY

Fiscal Year represents the 12 months period from 1st April to 31st March.

Glossary List

Annual Report 2020-21

341

Corporate

Overview

Management

Discussion

and Analysis

Sustainability

Report

Financial

Statements

Statutory

Reports

Escorts Limited

Spreading prosperity. Impacting lives.

340:

Managing Director

Mr. Hardeep Singh

Director

Mr. P.H. Ravikumar

Independent Director

Mrs. Vibha Paul Rishi

Independent Director

Dr. Sutanu Behuria

Independent Director

Ms. Nitasha Nanda

Whole-time Director

Mr. Shailendra Agrawal

Executive Director

Mr. Sunil Kant Munjal

Independent Director

Ms. Tanya Dubash

Independent Director

Mr. Harish N. Salve

Independent Director

Mr. Dai Watanabe

Nominee Director

Mr. Yuji Tomiyama

Nominee Director

Group Chief Financial Officer

& Corporate Head

Mr. Bharat Madan

Company Secretary & Compliance Officer

Mr. Satyendra Chauhan

Secretarial Auditors

M/s. Jayant Gupta & Associates

Internal Auditors

M/s. Ernst & Young LLP

Statutory Auditors

M/s. Walker Chandiok & Co LLP

Cost Auditors

M/s. Ramanath Iyer & Co.

Corporate Centre & Registered Office

15/5, Mathura Road,

Faridabad -121003, Haryana, India

Bankers

IDBI Bank

Axis Bank

State Bank of India

ICICI Bank

IndusInd Bank

The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Ltd.

Standard Chartered Bank

Escorts Limited

Spreading prosperity. Impacting lives.

344:

