Dear Shareholders,

I welcome you all to the 105th Annual General Meeting of

Garden Reach Shipbuilders & Engineers Ltd. I thank you for

attending the virtual AGM of the Company, and hope you

and your dear ones have been able to take COVID 19 vaccine

and are safe and healthy in these difficult time.

During the financial year 2020-21, the unprecedented

Covid-19 pandemic saw our nation’s GDP contract by 7.3%

resulting in a lasting impact on the social fibre and the

economic grain of the country. Yet your company, exhibited

tenacity and resilience in such a calamity and came out

unscathed.

Your Company is a labour intensive industry, with heavy

dependence on the supply chain system. On both these

fronts, due to lockdowns and other related challenges,

company has suffered disruptions in production, especially

during the first and second quarters. However, your Company

fought back with new mitigation strategies including

refinement of various processes, procedures and operations

resulting in decent recovery in third and fourth quarters.

Performance Overview

The Financial performance of the company has been

satisfactory. While the Revenue from operations was down by

around 20% to ` 1,141 Crore during the financial year 2020-

21 as against ` 1,433 Crore in the previous year, the EBITDA,

PBT and PAT margins have improved by 18%, 16% and 12%

respectively. A detailed review of our revenue and margins is

presented in the Directors’ Report.

I am also pleased to inform you that the company has

declared a dividend of 50% per equity share of the face value

of ` 10/- each, and has already paid an interim dividend of

38.50% per equity share. The Board has also recommended a

final dividend of 11.50% per equity share of the face value of

` 10/- each to be paid after approval of shareholders at this

Annual General Meeting.

As regards production performance, I am happy to state

that despite the Covid related restrictions and associated

uncertainties, we were able to achieve major milestones.

During the year, your company launched the first of the

three P17A Frigate two months ahead of schedule. The year

6

GARDEN REACH SHIPBUILDERS & ENGINEERS LTD.:

Managing Director

8

GARDEN REACH SHIPBUILDERS & ENGINEERS LTD.:

Managing Director

1

Cmde PR Hari, IN (Retd.)

Director (Personnel)

5

Shri R.K. Dash

Director (Finance) & CFO

6

Cmde Sanjeev Nayyar, IN (Retd.)

Director (Shipbuilding)

4

Dr Biswapriya Roy Choudhury

Part - Time Non-Official

Independent Director

3

Shri Surendra Prasad Yadav

Government Nominee Director

2

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

(As on 26 July, 2021)

10

GARDEN REACH SHIPBUILDERS & ENGINEERS LTD.:

Managing Director

RAdm Vipin Kumar Saxena, IN (Retd.), having an experience

of over thirty-five (35) years was appointed as the Chairman

&: Managing

Managing Director

Cmde Sanjeev Nayyar, IN (Retd.)

Director (Shipbuilding)

Cmde Hari PR, IN (Retd.)

Director (Personnel)

Ramesh Kumar Dash

Director (Finance) & CFO

(From 01 Jul 2020)

Shri Surendra Prasad Yadav, IFOS

Government Nominee Director

(From 14 Sep 20)

Bharat Bhushan

Part-Time Non-Official (Independent)

Director

(up to 14 Sep 2020)

Kanwaljit Deol, IPS (Retd.)

Part-Time Non-Official (Independent)

Director

up to 14 Sep 2020)

RAdm Inder Paul Singh Bali,

AVSM, VSM, IN (Retd.)

Part-Time Non-Official

(Independent) Director

(up to 08 Mar 2021)

Dr. Biswapriya Roychoudhury

Part-Time Non-Official

(Independent) Director

Chief Vigilance Officer

Shri Subrat Das, IPoS

Independent External

Monitors

Shri Girish Shankar, IAS (Retd.)

Shri R. Kuppan, IRSME (Retd.)

Bankers

State Bank of India

PNB

IDBI Bank

ICICI Bank

HDFC Bank Axis Bank

Bank of Baroda

Canara Bank

Indian Bank

Yes Bank

Statutory Auditors

M/s. Mookherjee Biswas & Pathak

Chartered Accountants

Secretarial Auditors

M/s. Vinod Kothari & Company

Practicing Company Secretaries

Cost Auditors

M/s. Mou Banerjee & Co.

Registrar & Transfer Agent

M/s. Alankit Assignments Limited

Registered Office

GRSE Bhavan,

61,Garden Reach Road,

Kolkata – 700 024

CIN No. L35111WB1934GO1007891

Website: www. grse.in

Senior Management

Siddhartha Ray

Chief General Manager (Finance)

Venkatesh Murthy

Chief General Manager (Commercial)

Cmde Rajiv Sreedharan, IN (Retd.)

Chief General Manager (Design)

Cmde Rajat Manchanda, IN (Retd.)

Chief General Manager (PP&C)

DIG Subrato Ghosh, ICG (Retd.)

Chief General Manager (SS&RP, BB & DEP)

Cdr B Sengupta, IN (Retd.)

General Manager (QA, VD & IEP)

Capt. P Sunilkumar, IN (Retd.)

General Manager (CE&CP)

S Srinivas

General Manager (HR & Admin)

Cmdt A K Biswas, ICG (Retd.)

General Manager (RBD)

Cdr A K Mahapatra, IN (Retd.)

General Manager

Cdr Santanu Bose, IN (Retd.)

General Manager (MW&P-17A)

Shri Gulshan Ratan

General Manager (Design)

Cdr M K Biswas, IN (Retd.)

General Manager

Shri Sujoy Chakravorty

General Manager (NCM)

Cdr B Mishra, IN (Retd.)

Addl. General Manager (Taratala Unit)

Company Secretary and

Compliance Officer

Shri Sandeep Mahapatra

24

GARDEN REACH SHIPBUILDERS & ENGINEERS LTD.:

Dear Shareholders,

Your Directors have pleasure in presenting the Annual Report of your

Company for the financial year 2020-21 together with the Audited

Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March 2021.

Table of Content

Financial Performance

26

Performance During the Year

28

Future Outlook

32

Vendor Development

33

Human Resource & Administration

35

Corporate Governance

37

DIRECTOR’S REPORT

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21

25:

letter from Deptt. of Defence Production,

Ministry of Defence, in Nov, 2018 for making an initial contribution of

` 10.00 crore to Defence Innovation Organisation (DIO). Accordingly,

the Company has contributed ` 356.35 lakh and ` 321.83 lakh during

the Financial Year 2019-20 and 2020-21, respectively. The balance

contribution of ` 321.83 lakh will be made in subsequent years based

on the affordability of the Company.

Dividend

Handing over of Interim Dividend Cheque for

FY 2020-21 to Hon'ble Raksha Mantri.

Pursuant to Regulation 43A of the Securities and Exchange Board of

India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015, the top one thousand listed entities shall formulate a Dividend

Distribution Policy. Accordingly, the Board of Directors of the Company

has formulated a Dividend Distribution Policy keeping in view the

provisions of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, the Companies Act, 2013 and

Guidelines issued by the Department of Public Enterprises (DPE) and

the Department of Investment and Public Asset Management (DIPAM).

The Policy is available on the Company’s website at http://grse.in/index.

php/investors-corner/policies.html

Pursuant to the approval of the Board of Directors on 09 February

2021, your Company paid an interim dividend of ` 3.85/- per equity

share of face value of ` 10/- each, to Shareholders who were on the

register of members as on 18 February 2021, being the record date

fixed for this purpose. Thereafter, the Board, at its meeting held on

17 May 2021 has recommended a dividend of ` 1.15/- per equity

share of face value of ` 10/- each for the financial year 2020-21. Thus,

the total dividend for the financial year 2020-21, if approved by the

Shareholders, would be ` 5/- per equity share.

IMPACT OF COVID-19 PANDEMIC

The World Health Organisation declared a global pandemic of

the Novel Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) on 11 Feb 2020. In the

last month of the financial year 2019-20, the COVID-19 pandemic

developed rapidly into a global crisis, forcing Governments to enforce

lock-downs of all economic activities.

During the year under review, the Government of India had imposed

stringent nationwide lockdowns, in phases, which severely impacted

manufacturing activities, and shipbuilding activity being labour intensive

was badly affected. Consequent to the lockdown restrictions imposed

by Central and State Governments, your Company implemented a

complete lockdown with effect from 23 Mar 2020. After nearly 75 days

lockdown, production activities partially commenced on 08 Jun 2020

in a phased manner with restrictions of employment of manpower in

truncated shifts to ensure compliance of Social Distancing norms &

COVID Protocols.

At the beginning of the current Financial Year 2021-22, the second

wave of the COVID-19 pandemic developed rapidly in India. While

production activities have been impacted in the wake of the lockdown

restrictions imposed by various States, the supply chain has also been

affected.

The Company has taken into account the possible impact of COVID-19

and the related internal and external factors known to the management

upto the date of approval of these results. Accordingly, the

management is continuously and closely monitoring the developments

and possible effects that may result from the current pandemic on its

financial condition, liquidity and operations and is actively working to

minimize the impact of this unprecedented situation.

The Company is executing projects having long construction period.

The COVID-19 has mostly impacted the physical performance of the

Company. The mitigation plans have been formulated to arrest the

delays on physical performance to the extent possible.

MOU RATING

Your Company has been signing a Memorandum of Understanding

(MoU) every year with the Government of India, Ministry of Defence.

Performance of the Company is expected to be rated as “Very Good”

as per MoU 2019-20 Evaluation. Further, on the basis of actual

achievements vis-à-vis parameters laid down in the MoU signed with

the Government of India for the year 2020-21, your Company is

expected to be rated “Excellent” for its performance during 2020-21.

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21

27

DIRECTOR’S REPORT:

Managing Director, to review the progress made by

various departments.

(c)

Incentives: Incentive Schemes are propagated among all

employees and number of employees who took part in these

schemes were awarded with cash prize.

(d) Rajbhasha Awards: Your Company has been awarded

prestigious Rajbhasha Shield for the year 2019-20 for Excellence

in Implementation of Official Language in the company. Deputy

Manager (Official Language) has also been awarded appreciation: letter by Town Official Language Implementation Committee

(TOLIC) for Excellence in Implementation of Official Language in

the company.

AWARDS & RECOGNITIONS

Your Company has received the following major awards and

recognitions during the year under review:

(a)

SCOPE Corporate Communication Excellence Award

2019: 2nd Prize on Best Corporate Communication

Campaign & Program for External Communication.

(b) “SODET Award 2016-17” for Excellence in modifying

the design of Landing Craft Utility (LCU) Vessel to

overcome severe challenges like Aeration & Astern

Manoeuvring.

(c)

“Asia’s Best Employer Brand Award 2020” in

the category of “Award for Innovation in Career

Development” by World HRD Congress.

(d) “National Award for Excellence in PSUs 2020” in the

category of “CSR Initiatives (Social Development)”

(e)

“Rajbhasa Shield 2020-21” award by Official Language

Implementation Committee for best implementation

of Rajbhasa in the Company at Town Hall, Kolkata.

(f)

PRSI National Awards – 2020. GRSE, in competition

with Maharatna, Navratna, Miniratna CPSEs & Private

Sector Organisations won the 1st Prize for House

Journal “GRSE Varta 2020” and the 2nd Prize for

“GRSE Coffee Table Book” awarded by ‘Public Relations

Society of India National Awards 2020’

36

GARDEN REACH SHIPBUILDERS & ENGINEERS LTD.

letter and spirit. The Company also strives to comply with the applicable Secretarial Standards

issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India.

Further, Department of Public Enterprise Guidelines on Corporate Governance for CPSEs provide that CPSEs would be graded on the basis of their

compliance with the Guidelines. DPE has graded GRSE as “Excellent” for the year 2019-20.

In terms of Regulation 34 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 and DPE Guidelines, a Report on Corporate Governance along with Compliance

Certificate issued by M/s. Maheshwari R & Associates, Company Secretaries forms part of this Annual Report.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS & KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL

The Board of your Company comprises a total of ten (10) directors which includes four (4) Whole-Time Directors, five (5) Part-Time Non-Official

(Independent) Directors, including one (1) Woman Director and one (1) Government Nominee Director.

During the year 2020-21, the following changes took place in the Board of Directors and of Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) of your Company:

Sl. No.

Name of Director

Designation

Date of Appointment

Date of Cessation

1

Shri S S Dogra

Director (Finance)

-

30.06.2020

2

Shri R K Dash

Director (Finance)

01.07.2020

-

3

Shri Ajai Bhandari

Independent Director

-

20.07.2020

4

Shri Bharat Bhushan Jain

Independent Director

-

15.09.2020

5

Smt.Kanwaljit Deol

Independent Director

-

15.09.2020

6

Shri Ashwani Kumar Mahajan

Government Nominee Director

-

30.07.2020

7

Shri Surendra Prasad Yadav

Government Nominee Director

14.09.2020

-

8

RAdm.IPS Bali, IN (Retd.)

Independent Director

-

09.03.2021

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Directors’ Report

DIRECTORS RETIRING BY ROTATION

Pursuant to Section 152(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Articles

of Association of the Company, Cmde Hari PR, IN (Retd.), Director

(Personnel), who has served on the Board of Directors and the longest

amongst the retiring directors, is liable to retire by rotation, and being

eligible, offers himself for reappointment.

DECLARATION AND MEETING OF CRITERIA BY INDEPENDENT

DIRECTORS

Your Company has received declarations from all the Independent

Directors of your Company confirming that they meet the criteria

of independence as prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013,

the Guidelines on Corporate Governance for CPSEs issued by the

Department of Public Enterprises and the SEBI Listing Regulations.

Further, in the opinion of the Board, the Independent Directors fulfil

the conditions prescribed under the SEBI Listing Regulations and are

independent of the management of the Company. The Independent

Directors of the Company have confirmed that they have registered

themselves with the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs, Manesar and

have included their name in the databank of Independent Directors

within the statutory timeline and they will also appear for the online

proficiency test within a period of one year, wherever applicable.

MEETINGS OF INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS

During the year, a separate meeting of Independent Directors was

held on 04 Mar 2021 in which all Independent Directors were present.

MEETINGS OF THE BOARD

Eight (08) meetings of the Board of Directors were held during the

year under review. For further details, please refer to the ‘Report on

Corporate Governance’.

REMUNERATION

POLICY

&

EVALUATION

OF

BOARD’S

PERFORMANCE

Your Company is a 74.50% Government of India owned Public Sector

Enterprise under Ministry of Defence. Presently, the Directors of the

Company are Presidential appointees and their remuneration is fixed

in accordance with the DPE Guidelines in this regard. Accordingly,

Articles 194 and 214 of the Articles of Association of your Company

states that the President of India will appoint Directors and determine

their remuneration. Since, the Board level appointments are made by

President of India, the evaluation of performance of such appointees

is also done by the Government of India.

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21

37

DIRECTOR’S REPORT:

Managing Director of your Company, a Functional

Director as nominated by C&MD and the Chairman, Audit Committee,

will be constituted to investigate into the matter. All employees are

encouraged to use this whistle blowing mechanism and voice their

concerns to the Management. Further, all employees have been given

access to the Chairman, Audit Committee. The Whistle Blower Policy

can be accessed on your Company’s website at http://www.grse.in/

pdf/investors/Whistle%20Blower%20Policy.pdf

ANNUAL RETURN

In accordance with the Companies Act, 2013, the Annual Returns in

the prescribed format will be available on your Company’s website at

http://www.grse.in/index.php/investors-corner/annual-returns.html

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION & ANALYSIS

The Management Discussion & Analysis Report as required under

the SEBI Listing Regulations and the DPE Guidelines on Corporate

Governance for CPSEs forms part of this Annual Report.

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

CSR lies at the core of GRSE’s Corporate philosophy and its spirit of

sharing and caring is reflected in the various CSR initiatives which are

instrumental in touching and lighting up the lives of thousands of

people specifically the marginalized segment residing in the vicinity of

the production Units.

The GRSE CSR Policy was amended in accordance with the Companies

(Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Amendment Rules, 2021 issued

by Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) vide Gazette notification no.

G.S.R.40 (E) dated 22 Jan 2021. The revised GRSE CSR Policy was

promulgated on 29 March 2021 and can be accessed at the website

of the company at http://www.grse.in/images/pdf/GRSE-Corporate-

Social-Responsibility-CSR-Policy.pdf

The focus areas of Company’s CSR initiatives include Health care,

Nutrition, Education, Skill development, Infrastructure development

of educational institutes, Cleanliness campaigns under Swachh

Bharat Mission, Sanitation and Hygiene, mainstreaming differently

abled persons and improving the quality of life of the marginalized

segment. However, keeping in view the spread of COVID-19 in India,

its declaration as a pandemic by the World Health Organization

(WHO), and the decision of the Government of India to treat this as

a notified disaster, MCA circulated order to clarify that CSR funds can

be used towards promoting preventive care healthcare infrastructure

and disaster management. Providing proverbial light at the end of the

tunnel when COVID-19 enveloped the country, GRSE embarked on

noble ventures of Covid prevention initiatives and other healthcare

facilities for the marginalized segment of population residing in the

vicinity of the factory premises as well as for mainstreaming the

differently abled and holistic development of underprivileged tribal

children including provisioning of nutritional supplements especially

when this segment is hard hit by the pandemic. The Annual report on

CSR projects/ activities undertaken in FY 2020-21 has been appended

as Appendix- E.

RISK MANAGEMENT

Pursuant to the Regulation 21 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, the

Company has constituted a Risk Management Committee. The details

of the Committee and its terms of reference, Risk Management Policy

etc. are set out in the Corporate Governance Report and a detailed

note on Risk Management is provided in the Management Discussion

and Analysis Report, which forms part of this report.

BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORT

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has mandated

inclusion of Business Responsibility Report (“BR Report”) as part of

the Annual Report for the top 1000 listed entities based on market

capitalisation. Regulation 34(2)(f) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations

stipulates that the annual report shall include a Business Responsibility

Report describing the initiatives taken by the listed entity from an

environmental, social and governance perspective in the format

specified. Accordingly, the Business Responsibility Report for the year

2020-21 has been drawn up and appended to this Report.

INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS

Your Company has in place adequate internal financial controls with

reference to financial statements. A detailed note on Internal Financial

Controls is provided in the Management Discussions and Analysis

Report, which forms part of this report.

CONSERVATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLGY ABSORPTION AND

FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO

Your Company being a Government Company engaged in producing

defence platforms, the disclosure of information with respect to

conservation of energy, technology absorption, foreign exchange

earnings and outgo under the provisions of Section 134(3)(m) read

with Rule 8(3) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 is not required

as the Ministry of Corporate Affairs vide Notification GSR No.680 (E)

dated 04 Sept 2015 has granted exemption to Defence Public Sector

Undertakings.

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21

39

DIRECTOR’S REPORT:

Managing Director.

GENERAL

Your Directors state that no disclosure or reporting is required in

respect of the following items as there were no transactions on these

items during the year under review:

(a)

Detailed reasons for any voluntary revision of financial statement

or Board’s Report in the relevant financial year in which the

revision is made.

(b) Details relating to deposits covered under Chapter V of the

Companies Act, 2013.

(c)

Issue of equity shares with differential rights as to dividend,

voting or otherwise.

(d) No significant or material orders were passed by the Regulators

or Courts or Tribunals which impact the going concern status

and future operations of your Company.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

Your Directors express their deep appreciation and place on record

their gratitude to the Department of Defence Production and other

Departments in the Ministry of Defence for their continued support,

assistance and guidance. The Directors also express their sincere

thanks to the Government of India and also to the Governments of

West Bengal, Jharkhand and various other States, for their continued

co-operation and valuable support. Your Directors are particularly

grateful to the Indian Navy and Indian Coast Guard Headquarters,

Ministry of Home Affairs, Ordnance Factory Board, Kolkata Port Trust,

Public Works Departments of various State Governments, Police

Department of West Bengal & Kolkata and other valued customers

as well as business associates for the confidence reposed by them

in your Company. We will fail in our duty if we do not acknowledge

the cooperation and positive approach of the Warships Production

Superintendent and his dedicated team under whose watchful eyes

our ships are being built. Also, we thank all classification societies, in

particular, IRS & ABS, who have ensured quality and adherence to the

required standards.

The Directors acknowledge with thanks the valuable advice rendered

by, and co-operation received from the Comptroller and Auditor

General of India, the Principal Director of Commercial Audit, Ex-

officio Member of the Audit Board, Bengaluru, Principal Controller of

Defence Accounts (Navy), Mumbai, Controller of Defence Accounts

(Navy), Kolkata, Registrar of Companies, the Department of Public

Enterprises, the Securities Exchange Board of India, the National Stock

Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited.

The Directors wish to place on record their appreciation to its

Statutory, Cost, Internal and Secretarial Auditors, Company’s Bankers,

Trade Unions and all Officers and Employees at various levels of the

organisation for their hard work, dedication and commitment. The

enthusiasm and unstinted efforts of the employees have enabled your

Company to remain at the forefront of the industry despite increased

competition from several existing and new players.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Sd/-

(V K Saxena)

Rear Admiral, IN (Retd.)

Kolkata,

Chairman &: Managing

Letter dated

19th August 2020. Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that

provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/

statutory compliances and expressing our opinion thereon.

Based on our verification of the Company’s books, papers, minute

books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the

Company (as per Annexure-II) and also the information provided by the

Company, its officers, agents and authorized representatives during

the conduct of secretarial audit, we hereby report that in our opinion,

the Company has, during Audit Period, complied with the statutory

provisions listed hereunder and also that Company has proper Board

processes and compliance mechanism in place to the extent, in the

manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter;

We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and

returns filed and other records as maintained by the Company for the

financial year ended on March 31, 2021 according to the provisions

of:

1.

The Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) and the rules made

thereunder;

2.

The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 and the rules

made thereunder;

3.

The Depositories Act, 1996 and the regulations and bye-laws

framed thereunder;

4.

The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the

Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992:-

a.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial

Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;

b.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of

Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;

c.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to

an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 1993;

d.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015

(the “Listing Regulations”);

Form No. MR-3

SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED ON MARCH 31, 2021

[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule no.9 of the Companies

(Appointment and Remuneration Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]

5.

Secretarial Standards 1 and 2 as issued by the Institute of

Company Secretaries of India.

We further report that, having regard to the compliance system

prevailing in the Company and on examination of the relevant

documents and records in pursuance thereof, on test-check basis, the

Company has complied with the following laws applicable specifically

to the Company:

1.

The Environmental Protection Act, 1986;

2.

The Hazardous and Other Wastes (Management and

Transboundary Movement) Rules, 2016;

3.

The Water (Prevention & Control of Pollution) Act, 1974 and

Rules made thereunder;

4.

The Air (Prevention & Control of Pollution) Act, 1981;

5.

The Indian Electricity, 2003 and The Indian Electricity Rules,

2005;

6.

Guidelines on Corporate Governance for Central Public Sector

Enterprises, 2010 issued by Department of Public Enterprises

(DPE);

7.

Guidelines on Corporate Social Responsibility and Sustainability

for Central Public Sector Enterprises.

Management Responsibility:

Kindly refer to our: letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure

‘I’ which is to be read with and forms an integral part of this report.

During the Audit Period, the Company has complied with the

provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines, etc. mentioned

above except to the extent as mentioned below.

1.

Composition of the Board of

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on

these secretarial records based on our audit. The list of documents for the purpose, as seen by us, is listed in Annexure II;

2.

We have followed the audit practices and the processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the

contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We

believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion;

3.

Our Audit examination is restricted only upto legal compliances of the applicable laws to be done by the Company, we have not checked the

practical aspects relating to the same.

4.

Our Audit was based on examination, in physical or electronic form, as feasible under the prevailing circumstances, of books and records

maintained by the Company.

5.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of accounts of the Company as well as correctness

of the values and figures reported in various disclosures and returns as required to be submitted by the Company under the specified laws,

though we have relied to a certain extent on the information furnished in such returns.

6.

Wherever required, we have obtained the management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulation and happening

of events etc.

7.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of the management.

Our examination was limited to the verification of procedure on test basis and sample basis.

8.

Due to the inherent limitations of an audit including internal, financial, and operating controls, there is an unavoidable risk that some

misstatements or material non-compliances may not be detected, even though the audit is properly planned and performed in accordance

with audit practices.

9.

The contents of this Report has to be read in conjunction with and not in isolation of the observations, if any, in the report(s) furnished/to

be furnished by any other auditor(s)/agencies/authorities with respect to the Company.

10. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which

the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

ANNEXURE - I

ANNEXURE TO SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21

45

DIRECTOR’S REPORT:

Managing Director

DIN: 07696782

APPENDIX – “D”

FORM NO. AOC-2

[Pursuant to clause (h) of sub-section (3) of Section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014]

Form for disclosure of particulars of contracts/agreements entered into by the Company with related parties referred to in sub-section (1) of

section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 including certain arm’s length transactions under third proviso thereto:

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21

47

DIRECTOR’S REPORT:

Managing Director)

DIN No. 08591411

DIN No. 08200896

DIN No. 07696782

56

GARDEN REACH SHIPBUILDERS & ENGINEERS LTD.:

letter and spirit, the

guidelines enunciated by the Department of Public Enterprises,

Government of India, on Corporate Governance. Your Company

believes that good Corporate Governance is a continuous exercise

and reiterates its commitment to pursue highest standard of

Corporate Governance in the overall interest of all its stakeholders

and for creating long term value for our shareholders. It has a

strong and well laid down administrative set up to facilitate

decentralized and transparent decision making. For effective

implementation, the following major good governance practices

have been put in place:

•

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Board of Directors

and Senior Management

•

Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading and Fair

disclosure of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information

•

Whistle Blower Policy

•

Corporate Social Responsibility Policy

•

Policy on Related Party Transactions

•

Preservation of Documents and Archival Policy

•

Policy on determination of Materiality of Event or

Information

•

Risk Management Policy

•

Dividend Distribution Policy

•

Policy for Determining Material Subsidiaries

•

HR Manuals

•

SOPs for ensuring compliance of Applicable Laws, Rules &

Regulations

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

3.

The Board of Directors of the Company, headed by Chairman &: Managing Director, is the apex body which oversees the overall

functioning of your Company. The Board of your Company gives

strategic directions and seeks accountability of their fulfillment.

The Board has set goals in terms of Long-Term Perspective Plan

in order to achieve its “Vision” statement. It is vested with the

ultimate responsibility of the management and performance of

your Company as a trustee to enhance the Shareholders’ value.

The decisions of the Board are aligned to serve in the best interest

of your Company. The Board has constituted Sub-Committees to

facilitate smooth and efficient flow of decision making process.

SIZE AND COMPOSITION OF THE BOARD

4.

The Board of the Company comprises of Executive (Whole-

Time) Directors, Non-Executive (Part-Time Official) Government

Nominee Directors and Non-Executive (Part-Time Non-Official)

Independent Directors. As on 31 Mar 2021, the Board of

Directors of your Company doesn’t consist of an optimum

combination of Executive and Non-Executive Directors. As on

the said date, the Board consists of 06 Directors comprising

04 Whole-Time Directors, including the

Managing Director and Whole-Time Directors is made by

the Government of India indicating the tenure, remuneration package and other terms and conditions of appointment. The Functional

Directors are generally appointed for a period of 5 years with effect from date of assumption of charge of the post or till the date of his

superannuation or until further orders whichever occurs the earliest. Notice period in case of leaving service before the contractual term is 3

months or in the absence of notice period, 3 months’ pay be remitted.

29. The Whole-time Directors of your Company are paid such remuneration as the President of India, may, from time to time determine. The

pay and allowances of Board level executives are paid in accordance with the terms of appointment, Department of Public Enterprises

(DPE) Guidelines on the above subject and other benefits and perquisites in accordance with the rules of GRSE. The remuneration of below

Board level executives and non-unionized supervisors is as per DPE guidelines and as approved by the administrative ministry i.e. Ministry of

Defence. Performance Linked Incentives are payable to the Whole-time Functional Directors as employees of the Company as per the policy

applicable to all employees of the Company.

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21

67

CG REPORT:

Managing Director

43.10

0.82

6.32

-

50.24

Shri Sarvjit Singh Dogra[1]

Director (Finance) and CFO

19.21

1.01

1.44

-

21.66

Cmde S Nayyar, IN (Retd.)

Director (Shipbuilding)

40.17

3.69

5.91

-

49.77

Cmde Hari P R, IN (Retd.)

Director (Personnel)

43.52

4.07

5.99

-

53.58

Shri Ramesh Kumar Dash[2]

Director (Finance) and CFO

22.46

1.99

3.28

27.73

*Salary includes arrears

[1] Ceased as Whole-time Director of the Company w.e.f. 30 June 2020.

[2] Appointed as Whole-time Director of the Company w.e.f. 01 July 2020.

31. During the year, no Stock Options were issued by the Company

to Whole-time Directors.

Appointment and Remuneration of Part-Time Directors

32. The Government Nominee Director is appointed by the President

of India and he/she holds the office till further orders from the

Government. They are not entitled to any remuneration or sitting

fees.

33. The Independent Directors appointed or reappointed by the

President of India in consultation with the Chairman & Managing

Director of the Board of Directors, generally for a period of

three (03) years. They are not paid any remuneration except

the sitting fee for attending Board and Committee Meetings.

The Company pays sitting fees of ` 20,000/- for attending each

meeting of the Board of Directors and `15,000/- for attending

each meeting of the Sub-Committees of the Board of Directors.

Further, the Company also make reimbursement of travelling

/ accommodation expenses for participation in the Board and

other Committee Meetings.

34. The criteria for making payments to Non-Executive Directors of

the Company are disclosed on the Company’s website at

http://www.grse.in/pdf/investors/Terms%20and%20

Conditions%20of%20Appt%20of%20Non-Executive%20

Directors.pdf

35. The sitting fees paid to the Independent Directors during the FY

2020-21 is as follows:

(` in lakh)

Name of

Independent

Director

Board

Meetings

Committee

Meetings

Total Remu-

neration

Shri Bharat Bhusan

0.80

0.90

1.70

Smt. Kanwaljit Deol

0.80

0.75

1.55

Dr. Ajai Bhandari

0.20

0.00

0.20

RAdm Inder Paul

Singh Bali

1.60

2.70

4.30

Dr. Biswapriya

Roychoudhury

1.60

1.35

2.95

36. Further, there has been no other pecuniary relationship or

transactions of the Part-time Directors vis-à-vis the Company

during the year under review.

37. Non-Executive Directors do not hold any Shares in the Company

during the Financial Year 2020-21.

Evaluation Criteria

38. Since the Board level appointments are made by the President of

India, evaluation of performance of such appointees is also done

by the Government of India.

Procurement Committee

39. The Procurement Committee has been delegated full powers of

the Board in respect of:

(a)

Approval of proposals in excess of `30 crore for placement

of orders for procurement of materials, equipment, tools,

stores and spares, imports including from Russian Sources,

approval of works, sub-contracts and facility hire, etc. for

sanctioned projects.

(b) Approval of proposals for capital expenditure in excess of

`5 crore in respect of the items provided for in the Capital

Budget approved by the Board / Government.

(c)

The Procurement Committee examines all the procurement

proposals in conformity with and compliance of the

Purchase Manual of your Company, CVC Guidelines,

Government Regulations etc. and give its approval for

such proposals. In the event of any deviations from

procedures, the proposal with the recommendations

of the Committee is placed before the Board for

approval. However, if the Committee feels that a particular

proposal requires consideration by the Board, same is

submitted to the Board with recommendation(s) of the

Committee.

(d) All the procurement proposals approved by Procurement

Committee are placed before the Board for information.

68

GARDEN REACH SHIPBUILDERS & ENGINEERS LTD.:

Managing Director

Chairperson

(b)

Dr. Biswapriya Roychoudhury[1]

Part-Time Non-Official (Independent) Director

Member

(c)

Cmde Sanjeev Nayyar, IN (Retd.)

Director (Shipbuilding)

Member

(d)

Shri Ramesh Kumar Dash

Director (Finance)

Member

[1] Admitted as a member of the Committee w.e.f. 04 Mar 2021.

41. The Company Secretary is the Secretary to the Committee.

42. The Chairman of the Procurement Committee apprises the Board about the observations of the Procurement Committee during the Board

Meeting.

43. During the financial year 2020-21, six (6) Meetings of the Procurement Committee were held. The attendance of the members at the

Procurement Committee meeting during the financial year 2020-21 is given below:

Name of the Director

Meeting held and attended during respective Tenure of Directors

% of attendance

11 Jul 20

10 0ct 20

18 Nov 20

02 Jan 21

27 Jan 21

04 Mar 21

RAdm Vipin Kumar Saxena

___ 100

Shri Bharat Bhushan[1]

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

___ 100

Shri R K Dash

___ 100

Cmde Sanjeev Nayyar

___ 100

RAdm IPS Bali[2]

NA

___ 100

Dr. Biswapriya Roychoudhury[3]

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

-

- Present × - Absent NA - Not Applicable

[1] Ceased as Independent Director of the Company w.e.f. 15 Sep 2020.

[2] Admitted as member of the Committee w.e.f. 30 Sep 2020 and ceased as Independent Director of the Company w.e.f. 09 Mar 2021.

[3] Admitted as a member of the Committee w.e.f. 04 Mar 2021.

Corporate Social Responsibility & Sustainability Committee

(“CSR & SD Committee”)

44. The Board of Directors of your Company has approved the

Corporate Social Responsibility and Sustainability (“CSR & SD”)

Policy formulated as per the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules

framed thereunder and the Corporate Social Responsibility &

Sustainability Guidelines issued by the Department of Public

Enterprises. A CSR & SD Committee under the Chairmanship of

an Independent Director has been constituted in terms of the

said Policy for planning, implementation and monitoring of the

CSR & SD activities of your Company.

45. The terms of reference of the CSR & SD Committee are as

follows:-

(a)

Formulate and recommend to the Board, a Corporate

Social Responsibility and Sustainability Policy which shall

indicate the activities to be undertaken by your Company

as specified in Schedule - VII of the Companies Act, 2013;

(b) Recommend amount of expenditure to be incurred on CSR

activities;

(c)

Monitor the Corporate Social Responsibility and Sustainability

Policy of your Company and its effective implementation from

time to time.

46. The composition of the CSR & SD Committee of the Board of

Directors as on 31 Mar 2021 is as follows:

(a)

Dr. Biswapriya Roychoudhury[1]

Part-Time Non-Official (Independent)

Director

Chairperson

(b) Cmde Sanjeev Nayyar, IN (Retd.)

Director (Shipbuilding)

Member

(c)

Cmde Hari P R, IN (Retd.)

Director (Personnel)

Member

[1] Admitted as a member of the Committee w.e.f. 30 Sep 2020

47. The Company Secretary is Secretary to the Committee.

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21

69

CG REPORT:

Managing Director

Chairperson

(b)

RAdm I P S Bali, IN (Retd.) [1]

Part-Time Non-Official

(Independent) Director

Member

(c)

Shri Ramesh Kumar Dash

Director (Finance)

Member

(d)

Cmde Sanjeev Nayyar, IN (Retd.)

Director (Shipbuilding)

Member

[1] Ceased as Independent Director of the Company w.e.f. 09

Mar 2021

59. The Chief General Manager / General Manager (CE&CP) is the

Secretary to the Committee.

60. The Committee has been tasked with:

(a)

Business Strategy formulation for future growth;

(b) Infusion of new technologies;

(c)

Identify Schemes for Productivity Improvement;

(d) Finalise the Infrastructure Augmentation / Capacity

Enhancement to meet future business strategy and to

improve shipbuilding efficiency.

61. The recommendations of the Committee are placed to the Board

for consideration and approval.

62. During the financial year 2020-21, one (1) Meeting of the

Business Strategy and Capacity Augmentation Committee was

held. The attendance of the members at the Business Strategy

and Capacity Augmentation Committee meetings during the

financial year 2020-21 is given below:

Name of the

Director

Meeting held and

attended during

respective Tenure

of Directors

% of

attendance

27 Nov 20

RAdm Vipin Kumar

Saxena, IN (Retd.)

___ 100

RAdm I P S Bali[1]

___ 100

Name of the

Director

Meeting held and

attended during

respective Tenure

of Directors

% of

attendance

27 Nov 20

Shri Ramesh Kumar

Dash

___ 100

Cmde Sanjeev Nayyar

___ 100

- Present × - Absent NA - Not Applicable

[1] Ceased as Independent Director of the Company w.e.f. 09

Mar 2021

Legal Committee

63. The Legal Committee of the Board of Directors was formed to

review, monitor and suggest an appropriate course of action for

the legal cases of the Company, other than taxation matters.

64. As on 31st March 2021, the Legal Committee is not reconstituted

after cessation of Smt. Kanwaljit Deol, Independent Director

and RAdm IPS Bali, Independent director w.e.f. 14 Sep 20 and

09 Mar 21, respectively. The Independent directors of your

Company are appointed by the President of India acting through

the Department of Public Enterprises, Government of India and

such appointment is pending at their end. The Company had

been taking up with the matter with its administrative Ministry

i.e. Ministry of Defence, Government of India for appointing

requisite number of Independent directors on the Board of

Company from time to time.

65. During the year 2020-21, no Meetings of the Legal Committee

were held.

Stakeholders Relationship Committee

66. The Stakeholders Relationship Committee was constituted in line

with the Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation

20 of the SEBI Listing Regulations.

67. In line with the SEBI Listing Regulations, terms of reference

of the Stakeholders Relationship Committee include the

following:

(i)

Resolving the grievances of the security holders including

complaints related to transfer/transmission of shares,

non-receipt of annual report, non-receipt of declared

dividends, issue of new/duplicate certificates, general

meetings, etc.;

(ii)

Review of measures taken for effective exercise of voting

rights by shareholders;

(iii) Review of adherence to the service standards adopted by

your Company in respect of various services being rendered

by the Registrar & Share Transfer Agent;

(iv) Review of the various measures and initiatives taken by your

Company for reducing the quantum of unclaimed dividends

and ensuring timely receipt of dividend warrants / annual

reports / statutory notices by the Shareholders.

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21

71

CG REPORT:

Managing Director of your Company

is appended at the end of this Report.

INSIDER TRADING CODE

90. In pursuance of SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations,

2015, the Board of Directors of the Company has approved the

Company’s Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading

and Fair disclosure of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information,

which inter alia, set up an appropriate mechanism to regulate,

monitor, report and prohibits trading in securities of the Company

by Designated Persons while in possession of unpublished price

sensitive information in relation to the Company. The Code lays

down guidelines, which advise them on procedures to be followed

and disclosures to be made, while dealing with the shares of

the Company, and cautioning them of the consequences of

violations. The Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading

and Fair disclosure of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information is

hosted on the website of the Company and can be accessed

at http://www.grse.in/pdf/investors/InsiderTradingCode_GRSE.

pdf

SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION

91. Various shareholder information required to be disclosed

pursuant to Schedule V of the SEBI Listing Regulations is provided

in Annexure I to this Report titled ‘Shareholder Information’.

DISCLOSURES

92. (a)

Conflict of Interest: During the year 2020-21, your

Company has not entered into any transaction with the

Directors that may have potential conflict with the interests

of your Company at large. The members of the Board,

apart from receiving Directors’ remuneration (wherever

applicable), do not have any material pecuniary relationship

or transaction with your Company which, in the judgment

of the Board, may affect independence of judgment of the

Directors.

(b) Related Party Transactions: During the year, your

Company does not have any materially significant related

party transactions, which may have potential conflict with

its interest at large. Further, as required under the SEBI

(LODR), the disclosure of Related Party Transactions on

a consolidated basis in the prescribed format was filed

with the Stock Exchanges and has also been hosted on

the website of the Company. The Policy on Related Party

Transactions of the Company may be accessed at http://

http://www.grse.in/images/pdf/Policy-for-Related-Party-

Transactions---GRSE.pdf

(c)

Material Subsidiaries: Your Company does not have any

subsidiary or associate company. However, the Company’s

Policy on Determining Material Subsidiaries framed as per

Regulation 16 of the SEBI Listing Regulations which is

available on the Company’s website at http://www.grse.

in/images/pdf/Policy-for-Determining-Material-Subsidiaries-

--GRSE.pdf

(d) Inter-se relationships between Directors and Key

Managerial Personnel of the Company:

None

(e)

Number of Equity Shares hold by Directors in the

Company: None

(f)

Vigil Mechanism/ Whistle Blower Policy

The Company has formulated Whistle Blower Policy in line

with Section 177 of the Companies Act, 2013, Regulation

22 of SEBI Listing Regulations and the DPE Guidelines on

Corporate on Corporate Governance for CPSEs, 2010.

The Policy has been formulated with a view to provide

a mechanism for employees and other stakeholders to

raise concerns of any violations of legal or regulatory

requirements, suspected misconduct of anyone concerned

with the Company to come forward and express their

concerns without fear of punishment/ victimization or

unfair treatment.

During the year, no personnel have been denied access to

the Members of the Audit Committee or its Chairperson.

Synopsis of the Whistleblower Policy of the Company is

also provided in the ‘Directors’ Report’, forming part of this

Annual Report.

(g) Items of expenditure debited in books of accounts,

which are not for the purposes of the business: Nil

74

GARDEN REACH SHIPBUILDERS & ENGINEERS LTD.:

Managing Director. He

is regularly invited to attend the Audit Committee

meetings. Further, the Internal Auditors of the

Company are also invited to the Audit Committee

meetings to discuss their Internal Audit Report on a

quarterly basis.

(l)

Quarterly

Compliance

Report

on

Corporate

Governance: The Company has submitted the quarterly

compliance report on corporate governance in the

prescribed format to the stock exchange(s) within the

prescribed time period. The same is also hosted on the

website of the Company www.grse.in

(m) Prevention of Sexual Harassment of Women at

Workplace: The Company is committed to provide a work

environment that ensures every employee is treated with

dignity, respect and afforded equal treatment. Please refer

‘Disclosure under the Sexual Harassment of Women at the

Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition & Redressal) Act, 2013’

Section of Director’s Report for more details.

(n) Certificate from Practicing Company Secretary on

qualification of the Board:

M/s.

Maheshwari

R & Associates, Company Secretaries has certified that

none of the Directors on the Board of the Company have

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21

75

CG REPORT:

Managing Director

DIN: 07696782

76

GARDEN REACH SHIPBUILDERS & ENGINEERS LTD.:

Managing Director and Shri Ramesh Kumar Dash, Director (Finance) & Chief Financial Officer certify that:

1.

We have reviewed the Financial Statements including the Cash Flow statement of Garden Reach Shipbuilders & Engineers Limited (the

Company) for the year ended 31st March, 2021 and that to the best of our knowledge and belief:

(i)

these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements that might be

misleading;

(ii)

these statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with existing Accounting

Standards, applicable laws and regulations.

2.

To the best of our knowledge and belief, none of the transactions entered into by the Company during the year which are fraudulent, illegal

or violative of the Company’s Code of Conduct.

3.

We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that we have evaluated the effectiveness

of internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting. Deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls,

if any, of which we are aware have been disclosed to the auditors and steps have been taken to rectify these deficiencies.

4.

We have indicated to the Auditors:

(i)

there has not been any significant change in internal control over financial reporting during the year under reference;

(ii)

that there are no significant changes in accounting policies made during the year, subject to changes in the same and the same have

been disclosed in the Notes to the Financial Statements; and

(iii) that there are no instances of any significant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement there in, if any, of the

Management or an employee having a significant role in the company’s internal control system over Financial Reporting.

Sd/-

Sd/-

Ramesh Kumar Dash

RAdm V. K. Saxena, IN (Retd.)

Kolkata

Director (Finance) & CFO

Chairman &: Managing

letter

of Credit has been availed from banks.

(ix) On the basis of our examination of records and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has not raised any

money by way of initial public offer or further public offer (including Debt Instruments) and term loans during the year, and as such, reporting

under this clause is not applicable to the Company.

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21

97:

Managing Director

Firm's Registration No - 301138E

DIN - 07696782

Sd/-

Sd/-

(CA. Sudersan Mukherjee)

R.K Dash

Partner

Director (Finance) & CFO

Membership No. 059159

DIN - 08511344

Sd/-

S. Mahapatra

Place of Signature : Kolkata

Company Secretary

Date : 26th day of July, 2021

ACS 10992

102

GARDEN REACH SHIPBUILDERS & ENGINEERS LTD.:

Managing Director

Firm's Registration No - 301138E

DIN - 07696782

Sd/-

Sd/-

(CA. Sudersan Mukherjee)

R.K Dash

Partner

Director (Finance) & CFO

Membership No. 059159

DIN - 08511344

Sd/-

S. Mahapatra

Place of Signature : Kolkata

Company Secretary

Date : 26th day of July, 2021

ACS 10992

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21

103

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

Managing Director

Firm's Registration No - 301138E

DIN - 07696782

Sd/-

Sd/-

(CA. Sudersan Mukherjee)

R.K Dash

Partner

Director (Finance) & CFO

Membership No. 059159

DIN - 08511344

Sd/-

S. Mahapatra

Place of Signature : Kolkata

Company Secretary

Date : 26th day of July, 2021

ACS 10992

(` in Lakh)

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21

105

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

Managing Director

Firm's Registration No - 301138E

DIN - 07696782

Sd/-

Sd/-

(CA. Sudersan Mukherjee)

R.K Dash

Partner

Director (Finance) & CFO

Membership No. 059159

DIN - 08511344

Sd/-

S. Mahapatra

Place of Signature : Kolkata

Company Secretary

Date : 26th day of July, 2021

ACS 10992

106

GARDEN REACH SHIPBUILDERS & ENGINEERS LTD.:

letter of 07 August, 1999 raised a claim for a 30 year lease effective from 01.04.1996 of ` 1,488 Lakh

as one-time premium and a sum of ` 148.8 Lakh p.a. being 10% of the said premium as annual lease rent which GRSE repudiated. During

April, 2013, HEC unilaterally referred the disputes to PMA, DPE, Govt. of India for arbitration and subsequently inter alia prayed before PMA

for directing GRSE to enter into lease agreement for totally baseless , frivolous and absurd lease rent and premium with interest for further

period and to declare GRSE as “unauthorized occupant” etc. GRSE raised preliminary objection regarding maintainability and sustainability

of the alleged reference of HEC and rejection of claim as the same are not sustainable on facts as well as in law. The matter was under

adjudication before Smt. Zoya Hadke, Sole Arbitrator, PMA who after hearing both the parties at length, vide Order dated 30.6.2015 held

that in absence of any agreement between the parties, the Arbitral Forum lacks jurisdiction to settle the dispute and rejected the reference

of HEC. Accordingly, the arbitration- matter stood disposed off. No appeal filed by HEC.

GRSE has also filed a Civil Suit (TS- 117 of 2014) in March, 2014 before a competent Civil Court at Ranchi, HEC and the Govt. of Jharkhand

being the defendants, with prayer for declaration by the Court that GRSE has acquired irrevocable licence coupled with interest in the subject-

land by setting up Diesel Engine Plant permanently thereon free of cost in accordance with the law of the land and for permanent injunction

restraining HEC from interfering with the possession of land by GRSE and running industry thereon. Hearing of the case is in progress.

HEC has filed an Application under the Public Premises (Eviction of Unauthorised Occupants) Act, 1971 before the Estate Officer appointed

under the said Act by HEC, for eviction of GRSE alleging as ‘unauthorised occupant’ from the said land occupied by DEP Unit of GRSE.[ Case

no. P.P. ACT/REV/2018-01 dated 28.4.2018]

GRSE has filed a Writ Petition [ being WP ( C ) No. 3359 of 2018 ] before the Hon’ble Jharkhand High Court praying for ‘declaration’ that

summary proceeding before the Estate Officer under the Public Premises (Eviction of Unauthorised Occupants ) Act is not maintainable

involving intricate and complicated questions of law pertaining to title, right, interest and possession to the land and moreover competent

civil court at Ranchi is already adjudicating the matter on the self-same cause of action. The High Court on 14.8.2018 directed HEC to file

Opposition and not to evict GRSE from the said land. Meanwhile, upon approach by HEC, process to find out various possibilities to arrive at

amicable settlement has been initiated.

In view of the above an amount of ` 5,208.00 Lakh (Previous year ` 5,059.20 Lakh) without interest has been considered as contingent

liability not acknowledged as debt.

Note 42:

Letters seeking confirmation of balances in the accounts as at 31st December, 2020 of sundry creditors were sent to vendors. On the basis of

replies received from certain vendors, adjustments wherever necessary have been made in the Accounts.

Note 43:

(a) The Company has sent letters seeking confirmations of balances in respect of its Debtors. Though no response has been received from the

debtors, in the opinion of the Company, the balances have realisable values equal to the amount as stated in the books in the ordinary course

of business, unless otherwise stated.

b)

The amounts received from customers are mainly received in respect of ship division, customers being Indian Navy and Indian Coast Guards.

In respect of other divisions, advance from customers are received mainly from Government Departments.

Note 44:

With introduction of Indian Accounting Standard (Ind AS 116) effective from 01.04.2019, the Company has adopted the same using retrospective

transition method. This has resulted in recognition of Right of Use Asset (RoU) ` 711.95 Lakh under Property, Plant and Equipment with Lease

Liability of ` 599.28 Lakh and additional depreciation of ` 161.16 Lakhs for the year ended March 31, 2020.

The actual lease rentals paid which were hitherto recognised as expense are now accounted as reduction in lease liability.

During the year, Rent and transport charges under other expenses, for the rent paid for lease hold land of ` 133.20 Lakh (FY 2019-20: ` 127.92

Lakh) and vehicle of ` 29.47 Lakh (FY 2019-20: ` 27.02 Lakh) has been adjusted with corresponding lease liability. Gain on Fair Valuation under

other income includes unwinding of Interest on lease rent paid of ` 39.85 Lakh (FY 2019-20: ` 47.82 Lakh) and depreciation and amortisation

expenses include amortisation of RoU Asets of ` 161.16 Lakh (FY 2019-20: ` 161.16 Lakh).

Details of Lease Liabilities are appended below:

(` in Lakh)

Particulars

As on 31.03.20

Unwinding of Interest

Total Cash Outflow

As on 31.03.21

Land

435.11

36.39

133.20

338.30

Vehicle

57.03

3.46

29.47

31.02

Total

492.14

39.85

162.67

369.32

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21

141

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

Managing Director

Firm's Registration No - 301138E

DIN - 07696782

Sd/-

Sd/-

(CA. Sudersan Mukherjee)

R.K Dash

Partner

Director (Finance) & CFO

Membership No. 059159

DIN - 08511344

Sd/-

S. Mahapatra

Place of Signature : Kolkata

Company Secretary

Date : 26th day of July, 2021

ACS 10992

144

GARDEN REACH SHIPBUILDERS & ENGINEERS LTD.:

letter mentioning

the Folio No., Name and address of the Shareholder, scanned

copy of the Share Certificate (front and back), self-attested

copy of the PAN card and any document (eg.: Aadhaar Card,

Driving License, Election Identity Card, Passport) in support

of the registered address of the Member. Members holding

shares in dematerialised mode are requested to provide DPID-

CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16-digit beneficiary ID), Name,

client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement,

self-attested copy of PAN and any document (eg.: Aadhaar

Card, Driving License, Election Identity Card, Passport) to

investor.grievance@grse.co.in. In case of any queries / difficulties

in registering the e-mail address, Members may write to

investor.grievance@grse.co.in.

INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR PARTICIPATING IN THE

AGM THROUGH VC/OAVM

1.

Members will be provided with a facility to attend the AGM

through VC / OAVM through the NSDL e-voting system. Members

may access the following steps mentioned below for ‘Access to

NSDL e-voting system’. After successful login, you can see link

of “VC/OVAM link” placed under “Join General Meeting’ menu

against the Company name. You are requested to click on VC/

OVAM link placed under Join General Meeting. The link for VC

/ OAVM will be available in shareholders/ members login where

the EVEN of Company will be displayed. Please note that the

Members who do not have the User ID and Password for e-voting

or have forgotten the User ID and Password may retrieve the

same by following the remote e-voting instructions mentioned in

the notice to avoid last minute rush.

2.

Members can join the AGM in the VC/OAVM mode 30 minutes

before and after the scheduled time of the commencement of

the Meeting by following the procedure mentioned in the Notice.

The facility of participation at the AGM through VC/OAVM will be

made available for 1000 members on first come first served basis.

This will not include large Shareholders (Shareholders holding

2% or more shareholding), Promoters, Institutional Investors,

Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, the Chairpersons of the

Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee

and Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Auditors, Scrutinisers,

etc. who are allowed to attend the AGM without restriction on

account of first come first served basis.

3.

Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops

for better experience. Further, Members will be required to

allow Camera and use Internet with a good speed to avoid any

disturbance during the meeting.

4.

Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile Devices or

Tablets or through Laptop connecting via Mobile Hotspot may

experience Audio/Video loss due to Fluctuation in their respective

network. It is therefore recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN

Connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.

5.

As the AGM is being conducted through VC / OAVM, for the

smooth conduct of proceedings of the AGM, the Shareholders

who would like to express their views/ask questions during the

AGM may register themselves as a speaker, may send their

request mentioning their name, DP ID and Client ID number/

folio number, email id and mobile number at investor.grievance@

grse.co.in between 9.00 a.m. on Monday, 06th September, 2021

and 5.00 p.m. on Wednesday, 08th September, 2021. Further,

Shareholders are encouraged to express their views/send queries

in advance mentioning their name, DP ID and Client ID number/

folio number, email id and mobile number at investor.grievance@

grse.co.in. Questions / queries received by the Company till

5.00 p.m. on Wednesday, 08th September, 2021 shall only be

considered and responded during the AGM.

6.

Those shareholders who have registered themselves as a speaker

will only be allowed to express their views/ask questions during

the meeting. When a pre-registered speaker is invited to speak

at the meeting but he / she does not respond, the next speaker

will be invited to speak. Accordingly, all speakers are requested

to get connected to a device with a video/ camera along with

good internet speed. Further, the Company reserves the right

to restrict the number of questions and number of speakers, as

appropriate for smooth conduct of the AGM. In the interest of

time, each speaker is requested to express his/her views in 2-3

minutes of their allotted time.

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21

149

NOTICE:

letter

etc., with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized

signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by

e-mail to evoting@grse.co.in with a copy marked to evoting@

nsdl.co.in.

2.

In case of joint holders attending the meeting, the Member

whose name appears as the first holder in the order of names as

per the Register of Members of the Company will be entitled to

vote.

3.

Any person holding shares in physical form and non-individual

shareholders Persons, who acquire shares and become Members

of the Company after the dispatch of Notice and hold shares as

on cut-off date i.e. 13 August, 2021, may obtain the User ID and

password by sending request at evoting@nsdl.co.in or to the RTA

at their e-mail id rta@alankit.com. However, if you are already

registered with NSDL for remote e-voting then you can use your

existing User ID and password for casting your vote. If you forgot

your password, you can reset your password by using “Forgot

User Details/Password” or “Physical User Reset Password”

option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll free

no. 1800 1020 990 and 1800 22 44 30. In case of Individual

Shareholders holding securities in demat mode who acquires

shares of the Company and becomes a Member of the Company

after sending of the Notice and hold shares as of the cut-off date

i.e. 13 August, 2021, may follow steps mentioned above under

the section “Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system”.

4.

It is strongly recommended not to share your password with

any other person and take utmost care to keep your password

confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon

five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In

such an event, you will need to go through the “Forgot User

Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?” option

available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

5.

In case of any queries or assistance, you may refer the FAQs for

Shareholders and e-voting user manual for Shareholders available

at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll

free no.: 1800-222-990 / 1800-22-4430 or contact Amit Vishal,

Senior Manager and/or Ms. Pallavi Mhatre, Manager at evoting@

nsdl.co.in. Members may also write to the Company Secretary at

the Company’s email address evoting@grse.co.in.

152

GARDEN REACH SHIPBUILDERS & ENGINEERS LTD.:

