letter dated June 18, 2021, this is to inform you that the 40th Annual General Meeting

("AGM") of the Company will be held on Thursday, July 15, 2021 at 2:00 P.M. 1ST through Video

Conferencing ("VC") / Other Audio Visual Means ("OAVM") in accordance with the relevant circulars issued

by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs and Securities & Exchange Board of India from time to time.

In compliance with the Regulation 34(1) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015, we do hereby submit the following:

(i)

Annual Report of the Company for the financial year 2020-21; and

(ii)

the Notice calling 40th AGM of the Company.

Annual Report of the Company for the financial year 2020-21 alongwith the Notice of the AGM is being sent

to the members only through electronic mode.

Kindly take the same on records.

Thanking you,

Power Transmission Limited

Encl. a/a

ISO 9001 CERTIFIED COMPANY

Corporate Office : 81, Kalpataru Synergy, Opp. Grand Hyatt, Santacruz IE), Mumbal-400 055. lndla.

Tel.: +91 22 3064 2100 ■ Fax: +91223064 2500 ■ www.kalpatarupower.com:

Dear Shareholders,

The year 2020-21 has been one of

the most testing year in our 40 year

history. The Covid-19 pandemic severely

impacted societies, economies and

industries. The business environment

remained volatile and challenging,

particularly affecting construction

activities, production lines, work force

availability and supply chains across the

country and in many parts of the world

as well.

Our response to the crisis was a

testament to our inherent strength

and the resilience of our people. We

acted swiftly and responsibly to protect

the interests of all our stakeholders.

Our priority remained the health and

safety of our employees, suppliers and

subcontractors, as we supported those

working on the front line in the fight

against COVID-19.

We remain grateful to the dynamism

and responsiveness demonstrated

by our employees in challenging

circumstances. Through their

professionalism, dedication and

commitment in supporting our

customers, KPTL has delivered a

strong performance, reinforcing our

leadership position in the EPC industry.

This resilience has been developed

and embedded over several years, was

thoroughly tested by the unforeseen

events of 2020-21. Throughout the last

twelve months, efficient organizational

structure, robust technologically backed

systems and processes and strong

financial capacity have helped KPTL

to navigate a constantly changing

and difficult environment. These

characteristics allow us to continue to

create value for society in general and

for our shareholders in particular, as

demonstrated by the results obtained in

2020-21 in terms of operational,

financial and social performance.

2020-21 PERFORMANCE

Our performance this year is further

evidence of KPTL’s resilience and

commitment to driving disciplined

growth. The Company also undertook

concerted efforts to overcome the

challenges posed by the Covid-19

pandemic. It enabled us to improve

turnover, obtain profits, secure orders

and reduce debt, despite an adverse

business environment and pressure of

mounting commodity prices.

Our consolidated revenue grew by 2%

to reach H12,949 Crore in 2020-21,

with EBITDA and PAT of H 1,477 Crore

and H662 Crore, respectively. We also

continued to maintain healthy margins

with EBITDA margin at 11.4% and PAT

margin at 5.1% during the year under

review. Our heightened focus on timely

closure of projects and optimising

capital employed along with cash flow

focused working capital management

has helped us to reach a position of

financial strength. We approach 2021-22

with a robust balance sheet, as our

consolidated net debt has declined by

33% to H2,304 Crore as on

31st March 2021 with a debt to equity

ratio of 0.62 times. We have maintained

a healthy and well-diversified

consolidated order book of H27,900

Crore at the end of 31st March 2021.

At KPTL standalone level, We have

delivered revenue of H7,671 Crore with

PBT growth of 25% and PAT growth

of 33%. We have maintained EBITDA

margin of 10.5% in 2020-21.

We continue to fortify our Transmission

& Distribution (T&D) business in

India as well as in foreign countries.

We have expanded our T&D business

and entered into five new countries

across Asia, Latin America and Africa.

The acquisition of Fasttel Engenharia

in Brazil at an equity value of USD

8.8 million, for a controlling stake of

51%, was a major highlight during

the year. Our subsidiary in Sweden –

Linjemontage registered a phenomenal

revenue growth of 84% YoY and

133% growth in profitability. We also

successfully commissioned Kohima-

Mariani Transmission Ltd. (KMTL) within

stipulated timelines.

We continue to see a lot of interest in

railways and oil & gas business, both in

the domestic and international markets.

In oil & gas business, we have also

successfully passed evaluations and

technical bids to pre-qualify for EPC

works in Middle East, Africa & Asia.

We remain confident to expand our

railways and oil & gas business to newer

geographies in coming years.

Both our subsidiaries - JMC and Shree

Shubham Logistics recorded robust

performance during the year under

review. JMC closed with an impressive

order book of close to H 14,009 Crore

with net debt reducing by 30% Y-o-Y

to H 512 Crore. JMC recorded revenue

of H3,689 Crore in 2020-21. For JMC,

2020-21 has been one of the best

years in terms of order inflow and it has

received orders worth

H7,916 Crore, consisting of a healthy

mix of projects pertaining to Buildings

& Factories (B&F) and infrastructure.

JMC has also successfully made inroads

in the international market, leveraging

our scale and know-how in various

geographies. With increased order flow

from both domestic and international

markets, we are constantly focusing

on improving profitability, increasing

margins, reducing debt and enhancing

return ratios.

Our response to the crisis was a testament to

the strength of our culture and the resilience

of our people. We acted swiftly and responsibly

to ensure that we protected the interests of all

our stakeholders.

We have

expanded our

T&D business

and entered

into five new

countries

across Asia,

Latin America

and Africa.

The acquisition

of Fasttel

Engenharia in

Brazil was a

major highlight

during the year.

Annual Report 2020-21

Corporate Overview

Management Reports

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

14

15

Kalpataru Power Transmission Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

C

Mr. Parag Munot

Promoter Director

B

Mr. Narayan K. Seshadri

Independent Director

G

Mr. Sanjay Dalmia

Executive Director

D

Mr. Sajjanraj Mehta

Independent Director

E

Mr. Mofatraj P. Munot

is the Promoter and Executive

Chairman of Kalpataru Power

Transmission Ltd. He also serves

as a Non-Executive Chairman

of Kalpataru Ltd., the flagship

real estate arm of the Group.

He has vast experience of close

to five decades in Real Estate

and Property Development, Civil

Contracting and EPC across the

industry spectrum. He founded

the Kalpataru Group in 1969 and

has been the guiding force behind

the Group’s stellar success. He

received lifetime achievement

award at the CNBC Real Estate

Awards in 2018.

A

Mr. Parag Munot

is the: Managing Director of

Kalpataru Ltd., the flagship real

estate arm of the Group. He

is responsible for Group’s Real

Estate and Property Development

business. At Group level, he

provides strategic support and

drives new business initiatives.

He is a graduate in Commerce

and holds an MBA from Carnegie

Mellon University, USA.

B

Mr. Vimal Bhandari

has over 30 years of experience

in financial services industry.

Presently he is associated as the

Executive Vice

letter from Minister of Energy for

Quality and Progress. Since the

project was being executed during

the pandemic, KPTL supported local

communities with the distribution

of basic amenities like food, books,

stationery, masks, sanitizers etc.

Railway Electrification and Associated Works for North-Eastern Railway in Uttar

Pradesh, India

The project involved 25 kV Overhead

Electrification Works, Traction

Substations, General Electrification,

Civil Engineering Works (including

Service buildings, Quarters and

Track works), Signaling and

Telecommunication works for 401

Route kms, for North-Eastern

Railway in Uttar Pradesh, India.

Majority of the section passed

through forests and it was

challenging to complete

construction of staff quarters,

service buildings and other civil

works. Additionally, the project

scope included undertaking

electrification works on Kachhla

Bridge, which is a 600 meter long

open way bridge. The section comes

under two zones i.e. North Eastern

Railways and Northern Railways.

Some parts of the line were already

electrified and therefore, it was

challenging to avail power and block

traffic at the same time.

Success Factors &

Achievements: Apart from

deploying best of team and project

management capabilities, KPTL

ensured meticulous planning

and timely delivery of material

to the site, leveraging its vendor

relationship and procurement

strength. Additionally, great

teamwork and coordination between

various teams helped KPTL to

mitigate various challenges. KPTL

received excellent client support

due to its commitment for ensuring

timely delivery and sustaining

superior quality standards. As a

result of these heightened efforts,

four sections were delivered ahead

of the scheduled completion date

and KPTL received appreciation

along with bonus for achieving the

milestone.

Railway Electrification and Associated Works for Western Railway in Gujarat, India

The project encompassed

Design, Supply, Erection,

Testing & Commissioning of 25

kV electrification and traction

substation including associated

works for 266 route kms in Gujarat,

India. The project was the first-

of-its-kind high-rise overhead

electrification (OHE) for running

double stack container train.

The project involved working in

a difficult terrain consisting of

hard rock and water logged areas.

Additionally, around 50% of the

project route was through a forest

reserve, making it difficult to access

the location.

Success Factors &

Achievements: KPTL’s careful

engineering, project planning and

timely delivery of material helped to

mitigate the execution challenges.

Good coordination between

planning, procurement, logistics and

site management teams resulted in

continuous progress. KPTL achieved

average foundation progress of

40 numbers on each day and

completed entire foundation work

within 11 months from the date of

commencement.

Above all, KPTL was fortunate to

be part of this prestigious project,

which is a historical achievement

and a milestone event for Indian

Railways. The commissioning of

this route marks the operation

of the first high-rise overhead

electrification (OHE) with contact

wire height of 7.57 meter. Western

Railway is the first amongst Zonal

Railways to successfully run a

double stack container in electrified

territory. This tremendous

achievement is the first-of-its-

kind in India and will boost the

sustainability initiative of Indian

Railways.

Kalpataru Power Transmission Limited

Annual Report 2020-21

Corporate Overview

Management Reports

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

34

35:

letter

to the Chief Ethics Officer or a complaint: letter addressed to the

Managing Director & CEO

Mr. Sanjay Dalmia

Executive Director

Mr. Amit Uplenchwar

Director (Strategy & Subsidiaries Operations)

Mr. Kamal Kishore Jain

Director (Plant Operations)

Mr. Ram Patodia

President & CFO

Mr. Gyan Prakash

President & CEO (Oil & Gas)

Mr. Rajeev Dalela

President (T&D - India & SAARC)

Mr. Rakesh Gaur

President (Railways)

Mr. M A Baraiya

President (HR & Admin)

Mr. Ramesh Bhootra

President (International Business)

Mr. Hitendra Pooniwala

President (International Business)

Mr. G L Gupta

President (Procurement & SCM)

Mr. Uday Pawar

Assistant Vice President (Assurance, Risk & Audit)

Management Discussion and Analysis

Global Economy

The Covid-19 pandemic is a global shock

‘like no other’, involving simultaneous

disruptions to both supply and demand

in an interconnected world economy.

Significant

reductions

in

income,

rising

unemployment,

disruptions

in the transportation, service, and

manufacturing industries have been

rampant in the wake of the pandemic.

The shock of the COVID pandemic has

prompted governments to raise their

investments to unprecedented levels,

with over USD 10 trillion being allocated

globally.1

The economic damage is already evident

and represents the largest economic

repurcussion the world has experienced

in decades. Global growth has declined

by 3.3% in 2020, the deepest global

recession in decades, despite the

extraordinary efforts of governments

to counter the downturn with fiscal and

monetary policy support.2

Outlook:

Activity in many sectors has picked

up and partially adapted to pandemic

restrictions. Vaccine rollout, although

uneven, is gaining momentum and

government stimulus is likely to provide

a major boost to economic activity. But

prospects for sustainable growth vary

widely between countries and sectors.

Faster and more effective vaccination

1 Global Economic Outlook- KPMG

2 World Economic Outlook Report, October 2020

3 World Economic Outlook Report, April 2021

deployment

across

the

world

is

critical. Global growth is projected

at 6% in 2021, moderating to 4.4%

in 2022. Growth in emerging market

and developing economies (EMDEs) is

envisioned to firm to 6.7% in 2021.3

GLOBAL GDP GROWTH (%)

Source: World Economic Outlook, IMF, April 2021

5.0

2022

-2.2

6.7

2020

2021

4.4

2022

-3.3

6.0

2020

2021

Global Economy

3.6

2022

-4.7

5.1

2020

2021

Advanced Economy

Emerging Markets &

Developing Economies

Annual Report 2020-21

Corporate Overview

Management Reports

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

49

Kalpataru Power Transmission Limited

48:

Managing Director & CEO, Mr. Ram

Patodia, Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Rajeev Kumar,

Company Secretary are the Key Managerial Personnel (KMPs)

as per provisions of Companies Act, 2013. There has been no

change in KMP during the year under review.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Your Company believes that robust Corporate Governance

practices are critical for enhancing and retaining stakeholder’s

trust and confidence. Your Company always ensures that its

performance goals and targets are achieved in compliance with

its sound corporate governance practices. The efforts of your

Company are always focused on long term value creation. Inherent

to such an objective is to continuously engage and deliver value

to all its stakeholders including members, customers, partners,

employees, lenders and the society at large.

The Report on Corporate Governance, as stipulated under

Regulation 34 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 is attached. The Report

on Corporate Governance also contains certain disclosures

required under Companies Act, 2013 for the year under review.

A certificate from M/s. B S R & Co. LLP, Statutory Auditors

of the Company confirming compliance to the conditions

of Corporate Governance as stipulated under SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015,

is annexed to Report on Corporate Governance.

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

As per Regulation 34 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, a separate

section on Management Discussion and Analysis Report

outlining the business of your Company forms part of this

Annual Report.

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Your Company has been always at forefront of voluntary CSR

even before the provisions of Companies Act, 2013 have made

it imperative to institutionalize the CSR activities. Kalpataru

Foundation and Kalpataru Welfare Trust are the two CSR arms

of the Company. Our vision is to enhance the quality of life

of people from marginalised and vulnerable communities, by

empowering them and catalysing change through innovative

and sustainable solutions. In the communities we operate, be

at Mumbai or Gandhinagar or Raipur or any Project location,

your Company takes pride in working with all sections of society,

selecting projects with infinite care, and working in areas that

are needs of the Target beneficiaries. Your Company cherish

the Kalpataru Spirit of maximizing societal value for needy.

Your Company has formed the CSR Committee as per the

requirement of the Companies Act, 2013. On recommendation

of CSR Committee, the Board of Directors’ of your Company

has approved the CSR Policy which is available on the website

of your Company at www.kalpatarupower.com. The brief

outline of the Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Policy of

your Company and the initiatives undertaken by your Company

on CSR activities during the year are set out in Annexure

A of this report in the format prescribed in the Companies

(Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 (as

amended from time to time).

BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORT

As stipulated under SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Business Responsibility

Report describing the initiatives taken by the Company from

an environmental, social and governance perspective forms

part of this Annual Report.

VIGIL MECHANISM

The details of Vigil mechanism (“Whistle Blower Policy”)

of the Company are given in the ‘Report on Corporate

Governance’, appended to, and forming part of, this Report.

INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROL SYSTEMS AND

THEIR ADEQUACY

Internal Financial Controls are an integrated part of the

risk management process, addressing financial risks and

financial reporting risks. The Board has adopted policies and

procedures for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of

its business, including adherence to the Company’s policies,

the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection

of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the

accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable

financial disclosures.

Assurance on the effectiveness of internal financial controls

is obtained through management reviews, continuous

monitoring by functional experts and testing of the internal

financial control systems by the internal auditors during the

course of their audits. We believe that these systems provide

reasonable assurance that our internal financial controls are

designed effectively considering the nature of our industry

and are operating as intended.

STATUTORY AUDITORS AND AUDITORS’ REPORT

M/s. B S R & Co. LLP (Firm Registration No. 101248W/W-

100022), Chartered Accountants, have been appointed

as Statutory Auditor’s of the Company at the 37th Annual

General Meeting held on August 7, 2018 to hold office from

the conclusion of 37th Annual General Meeting (AGM) till

the conclusion of the 42nd Annual General Meeting of the

Company, subject to compliance of the various provisions of

Companies Act, 2013.

Statutory Auditor’s comments on the Annual Financial

Statements of the Company for year ended March 31,

2021, both on Standalone and Consolidated basis, are self-

explanatory and do not require any explanation as per

provisions of Section 134(3)(f) of the Companies Act, 2013.

There were no qualifications, reservation or adverse remark or

disclaimer made by Statutory Auditor in their reports on the

Standalone and the Consolidated Annual Financial Statement

of the Company for the year under review.

SECRETARIAL AUDITOR AND SECRETARIAL AUDIT

REPORT

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 204 of the Companies

Act, 2013, your Company had appointed Mr. Urmil Ved,

Practising Company Secretary, Gandhinagar, as its Secretarial

Auditor to conduct the Secretarial Audit of your Company for

FY 2020-21. The Report of the Secretarial Auditor for the FY

2020-21 is annexed to this report as Annexure B.

There were no qualifications, reservation or adverse remark or

disclaimer made by Secretarial Auditor in its report.

COST AUDITOR

The Company has maintained cost records as specified by

Central Government under Section 148(1) of Companies Act,

2013 and such records have been audited by the Cost Auditor

pursuant to Companies (Cost Records and Audit) Rules, 2014.

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 148 of the Companies

Act, 2013 read with Rule 14 of the Companies (Audit and

Auditors) Rules, 2014, the cost records in respect of Electricity

and Steel products of the Company need to be audited. In

compliance to the above, the Board of Directors upon the

recommendation of the Audit Committee, appointed M/s. K.

G. Goyal & Associates, Cost Accountants, as the Cost Auditor

of your Company for the FY 2020-21.

RISK MANAGEMENT FRAMEWORK

Your Company has an elaborate Risk Management Framework,

which is designed to enable risks to be identified, assessed and

mitigated appropriately. Your Company monitors, manages and

reports on the principal risks and uncertainties that can impact

its ability to achieve its strategic objectives. Your Company’s

SOP’s, Organizational structure, management systems, code

of conduct, policies and Values together govern how your

Company conducts its business and manage associated risks.

Your Company also has a separate Bribery Risk assessment

framework which also defines the key mitigation actions.

The Risk Management framework enables the management

to understand the risk environment and assess the specific

risks and potential exposure to the Company, determine how

Board’s

Report:

Managing Director nor the Whole-time

Directors of the Company receive any remuneration or

commission from any of its subsidiaries.

•

No significant or material orders were passed by the

Regulators or Courts or Tribunals which impact the going

concern status and Company’s operations in future.

•

No fraud has been reported by the Auditors to the Audit

Committee or the Board.

•

There has been no change in the nature of business of the

Company.

•

There is no proceeding pending under the Insolvency and

Bankruptcy Code, 2016.

•

There was no instance of onetime settlement with any

Bank or Financial Institution

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

Your Directors take this opportunity to thank all the

Government and Regulatory Authorities, Financial Institutions,

Banks, Debenture holders and Debenture Trustee, JV Partners,

Consortium Partners, Customers, Vendors, Suppliers, Sub-

Contractors and Members and all other stakeholders for their

valuable continuous support.

The Board of Directors also wish to place on record its sincere

appreciation for the committed services by the Company’s

executives, staff and workers. Your Directors also appreciate

and acknowledge the confidence reposed in them by members

of the Company.

On behalf of the Board of Directors

Mofatraj P. Munot

Place: Mumbai

Executive Chairman

Date: May 11, 2021

DIN: 00046905

ANNEXURE A

to Board’s Report

THE ANNUAL REPORT ON CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR) ACTIVITIES

1. A brief outline of the Company’s CSR policy

Kalpataru Power Transmission Limited’s CSR Policy

Kalpataru Power Transmission Limited (“KPTL”) has

always been at forefront of Voluntary CSR. The provisions

of the Companies Act, 2013 have made it imperative

to institutionalize the CSR activities. The objective of

your Company’s CSR policy is to lay down the guiding

principles for proper functioning of CSR activities to

attain sustainable development of the society around the

area of operations of the Company. Your Company’s social

responsibility policy focuses on using the capabilities of

business to improve lives and contribute to sustainable

living, through contributions to local communities and

society at large.

Your Company undertook various activities during the year

under review in line with its CSR Policy and as prescribed

in Schedule VII to the Companies Act, 2013. Apart from

long term ongoing projects, the Company has undertaken

various other programme and projects under its CSR Policy

in the field of Healthcare including Preventive Healthcare,

Promoting

Education,

Rural

Development,

Animal

Welfare, Skill Development etc. Further, the Company

also ran CSR Project for Combating and Containing Novel

Corona Virus (CoVID-19) through various relief activities.

The CSR activities of the Company are carried out directly

or through Implementing Agencies including Kalpataru

Foundation and Kalpataru Welfare Trust.

CSR Policy of the Company is available on the Company’s

website (weblink https://www.kalpatarupower.com/)

2. Composition of the CSR Committee:

Sr.

No.

Name of Director

Designation / Nature of Directorship

Number of

meetings of CSR

Committee held

during the year

Number of

meetings of

CSR Committee

attended during

the year

1.

Mr. Sajjanraj Mehta

Chairman / Independent Director

2

2

2.

Mr. Mofatraj P. Munot

Member / Executive – Promoter

2

2

3.

Mr. Parag M. Munot

Member / Non-Executive – Promoter

2

1

4.

Mr. Manish Mohnot

Member /: Managing

Managing Director and CEO

Chairman CSR Committee

(DIN: 01229696 )

(DIN: 00051497)

Date : May 11, 2021

Place : Mumbai

Sr.

No.

Particulars

Amount (J in lakhs)

(iv)

Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or

activities of the previous financial years, if any

Nil

(v)

Amount available for set off in succeeding financial years

[(iii)-(iv)]

Nil

* Considering that excess CSR expenditure has been done against the unspent CSR obligation of FY 2019-20 and hence no set-off available as the same

pertains to period before the set-off related amendment in CSR Rules.

ANNEXURE B

to Board’s Report

FORM NO. MR-3

SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2021

[Pursuant to section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rule 9 of the Companies

(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]

To,

The Members,

Kalpataru Power Transmission Limited,

CIN: L40100GJ1981PLC004281

Plot 101, Part - III,

GIDC Estate, Sector – 28,

Gandhinagar,

Gujarat- 382028.

I have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance of

applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good

corporate practices by Kalpataru Power Transmission

Limited (hereinafter called the Company) for the financial year

ended on March 31, 2021. Secretarial Audit was conducted in

a manner that provided me a reasonable basis for evaluating

the corporate conducts/statutory compliances and expressing

my opinion thereon.

Based on my verification of the Company’s books, papers, minute

books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by

the Company and also the information provided by the Company,

its officers, agents and authorized representatives during the

conduct of secretarial audit; I hereby report that in my opinion,

the Company has, during the audit period covering the financial

year ended on March 31, 2021 (Audit Period) complied with the

statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company

has proper Board-processes and compliance-mechanism in

place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting

made hereinafter:

I have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and

returns filed and other records maintained by the Company for

the financial year ended on March 31, 2021 and made available

to me, according to the provisions of:

(i) The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the rules made

thereunder;

(ii) The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (SCRA)

and the rules made thereunder;

(iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and bye-

laws framed thereunder;

(iv) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules

and regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign

Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and

External Commercial Borrowings;

(v) The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed

under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act,

1992 ('SEBI Act’):-

a) The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers)

Regulations, 2011;

b) The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;

c)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of

Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2018; (during the year under review not applicable to

the Company);

d) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share

Based Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014; (during

the year under review not applicable to the Company);

e) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue

and Listing of Debt Securities) Regulations, 2008;

f)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents)

Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies Act and

dealing with client; (during the year under review not

applicable to the Company)

g) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting

of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009; (during the

year under review not applicable to the Company);

ANNEXURE A

to Board’s Report:

Managing Director &

CEO and Company Secretary of the Company and taken on

record by the Board of Directors at their meetings, I am of

the opinion that the management has adequate systems and

processes in the Company commensurate with the size and

operations of the Company to monitor and ensure compliance

with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.

I further report that, during the audit period the Company

had the following specific event/action having major bearing

on the company’s affairs in pursuance to above referred laws,

rules, regulations, guidelines, standards, etc.:

(i) Company has bought back and extinguished 58,06,262

Equity Shares of the face value of H 2/- each from the

open market through Stock Exchanges at an average

price of H 245.75 per Equity Share.

(ii) Company has redeemed 7.90% listed Rated Unsecured

Reedemable

Taxable

Non-convertible

Debentures

amounting to H 100 crores.

Urmil Ved

Practicing Company Secretary

(ICSI Unique Code I1996GJ080100)

FCS No. 8094, COP No. 2521

Peer Review Cert. No.: 597/2019

Date: May 11, 2021

ICSI UDIN: F008094C000277759

Place: Gandhinagar

Note: This report is to be read with my: letter of even date

which is annexed as Annexure-A and forms an integral part

of this report.

Annexure-A

To,

The Members,

Kalpataru Power Transmission Limited,

CIN: L40100GJ1981PLC004281

Plot 101, Part – III,

GIDC Estate, Sector – 28,

Gandhinagar,

Gujarat - 382028.

My report of even date is to be read along with this letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record, device proper systems

to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable

laws, rules and regulations and to ensure that the systems

are adequate and operate effectively is the responsibility

of the management of the Company. My responsibility is

to express an opinion on these secretarial records based

on my audit.

2.

I have followed the audit practices and processes as were

appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The

verification was done on the test check basis to ensure

that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records.

I believe that the processes and practices, I followed

provide a reasonable basis for my opinion.

3.

I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of

financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4. Wherever required, I have obtained the management

representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

5.

The Compliance of the provisions of Corporate and

other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is

the responsibility of management. My examination was

limited to the verification of procedures on test check

basis.

6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to

the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted

the affairs of the Company.

Urmil Ved

Practicing Company Secretary

(ICSI Unique Code I1996GJ080100)

FCS No. 8094, COP No. 2521

Peer Review Cert. No.: 597/2019

Date: May 11, 2021

ICSI UDIN: F008094C000277759

Place: Gandhinagar

ANNEXURE B

to Board’s Report

Managing Director & CEO

14.71

46.66%

191.29

10

Mr. Sanjay Dalmia

Executive Director

5.57

20.30%

72.43

11

Mr. Ram Patodia

Chief Financial Officer

1.81

26.57%

NA

12

Mr. Rajeev Kumar

Company Secretary

0.72

*

+ Mr. K.V.Mani, Independent Director ceased to be Director of the Company w.e.f January 20, 2021 due to his sudden demise

% Mr. Imtiaz. I. Kanga resigned w.e.f April 19, 2021.

* Details not stated as appointment made as Company Secretary of the Company w.e.f. November 6, 2019.

ii) The median remuneration of employees of the Company during the financial year under review was H 7.69 lakhs.

iii) In the Financial year under review, there was an increase of 7.75% in the median remuneration of employees.

iv) There were 3,296 permanent employees on the rolls of Company as on March 31, 2021.

v) Average percentage increase made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel in the financial year

2020-21 was 2.79%. No increment was given in fixed salary of managerial personal during FY 20-21. However, there was

increase of 18.09% in managerial remuneration attributable to higher managerial commission declared in May, 2021.

(vi) It is hereby affirmed that the remuneration paid is as per the Remuneration Policy for Directors, Key Managerial Personnel

and other employees.

On behalf of the Board of Directors

Mofatraj P. Munot

Place: Mumbai

Executive Chairman

Date: May 11, 2021

DIN: 00046905

ANNEXURE D1

to Board’s Report

COMPANY’S POLICY ON REMUNERATION FOR THE DIRECTORS, KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL

AND OTHER EMPLOYEES

1. PURPOSE

At Kalpataru Power Transmission Limited (hereinafter

referred to as “KPTL”), Management is committed to

conducting its business in accordance with the applicable

laws, rules and regulations and with the highest standards

of business ethics and employee relations.

A transparent, fair and reasonable process for determining

the appropriate remuneration at all levels of the

Company is required to ensure that Shareholders

remain informed and confident in the management

of the Company. The Company also understands the

importance of attracting and maintaining high quality

individuals from directors right through to support staff.

This remuneration policy is being positioned on the

basis of overall assessment of the size of the Company,

future prospect, organization structure and complexity

of its activities. The purpose is to have a remuneration

policy that is consistent with and promotes sound and

effective risk management, and which is aligned with the

Company’s strategy, values and goals and the interests of

stake holders and investors.

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee has

developed this policy keeping in view the following

aspects.

(a) The level and composition of remuneration should

be reasonable and sufficient to attract, retain and

motivate directors and employees of the quality

required to run the Company successfully.

(b) Relationship of remuneration to performance is clear

and meets appropriate performance benchmarks.

(c) Maintain appropriate balance between fixed and

incentive pay in remuneration to directors, key

managerial personnel and senior management

reflecting

short

and

long-term

performance

objectives appropriate to the working of the Company

and its goals.

(d) Align the growth of the Company and development

of employees and accelerate the performance.

(e) To motivate and retain the quality employees and

attract other highly qualified executives to enter into

KPTL’s service, when require.

(f) To give a rational and fair treatment to employees,

and to recognize importance of every one with team

spirit and enhancing the value of human wealth.

(g) To create a transparent system of determining the

appropriate level of remuneration throughout all

levels of the Company.

(h) Encourage people to perform to their highest level.

(i) Allow the Company to compete in each relevant

employment market.

(j) Provide consistency in remuneration throughout the

Company.

(k) Align the performance of the business with the

performance of key individuals and teams within the

Company.

2. DEFINITIONS

(a) “Board” means Board of Directors of the Company

for the time in force.

(b) “Company”

or

“KPTL”

means

“Kalpataru

Power

Transmission

Limited”,

having

CIN L40100GJ1981PLC004281, and registered

office at 101, Part III, G.I.D.C. Estate, Sector – 28,

Gandhinagar – 382 028, Gujarat, India

(c) “Committee” or “NRC” means “Nomination and

Remuneration Committee” of the Board of the

Company, as may be reconstituted by the Board and

as may be subsist from time to time.

(d) “Director” means person appointed as Director on

the Board of the Company pursuant to the applicable

provision of the Companies Act 2013 and includes

independent Directors of the Company.

(e) “Division” or “Business Unit” or “Department”

means every division of the Company viz Transmission

Line (Domestic), Transmission Line – International,

Railway, Biomass, Infra, ‘Accounts, Finance, Taxation,

Secretarial and Legal’, P&M, Information Technology

(IT), HR & Admin, Quality Management & MR,

Procurement, Development, Health and Safety (EHS),

Contracts, Business Development, BOT Projects, and

also includes Division as renamed and new Divisions

setup from time to time.:

Managing Director and Joint: Managing

letter and spirit, with the

requirements stipulated under provisions of SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 as applicable, with regards to corporate governance.

Towards achievement of this philosophy, KPTL’s management

systems are certified with ISO 37001:2016. It is a benchmark

for corporate compliance program with focus on anti-bribery

and anti-corruption practices and is the new international

standard designed to help organizations implement an anti-

bribery management system.

II. Board of Directors

A. Composition of the Board

As on March 31, 2021, the Board of Directors of the

Company had 9 Directors, comprising of 6 Non-

Executive Directors, 2 Executive Directors (including

Executive Chairman) and 1: Managing Director & CEO.

Out of 6 Non-Executive Directors, 4 are Independent

Directors including 1 Woman Director. As on the date

of this Report, the Board of Directors of the Company

had 8 Directors comprising of 5 Non-Executive

Directors, 2 Executive Directors (including Executive

Managing Director &

CEO

6

Yes

6

-

1

Mr. Sanjay Dalmia

Executive Director

6

Yes

-

-

-

# Including Private Limited Companies.

*Represents Memberships/Chairpersonships of Audit Committee & Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee of public limited companies only

+Mr. K.V.Mani, Independent Director ceased to be Director of the Company w.e.f January 20, 2021 due to his sudden demise

%Mr. Imtiaz. I. Kanga resigned w.e.f April 19, 2021

D. Separate meeting of Independent Directors

Pursuant to Schedule IV of the Companies Act, 2013

and the Rules made thereunder and Regulation 25

(3) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015, all the Independent

Directors of the Company met once during a year,

without

the

attendance

of

Non-Independent

Directors and Members of the Management.

The Independent Directors reviewed performance of

Non Independent Directors, Chairman of the Company

and the performance of the Board as a whole. The

Independent Directors also discussed the quality,

quantity and timeliness of flow of information between

the Company management and the Board that is

necessary for the Board to effectively and reasonably

perform their duties. The feedback of the Meeting was

shared with the Chairman of the Company.

E. Confirmation of Independence

In the opinion of the Board of Directors, the

Independent

Directors

fulfill

the

conditions

specified in SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirement) Regulations, 2015 and are independent

of the management.

F.

Directors’ Profile

In case of appointment or re-appointment of

Director (s), a brief resume of Director(s), nature

of their expertise in specific functional areas and

company names in which they hold Directorships,

Memberships/ Chairmanships of Board Committees,

and shareholding in the Company are provided in the

Notice of the Annual General Meeting annexed to this

Annual Report.

G. Code of Conduct

The Board has laid down code of conduct for all Board

Members and Senior Managerial Personnel of the

Company. The Code of Conduct is available on the

website of the Company at www.kalpatarupower.com.

All Board Members and Senior Managerial Personnel

have affirmed compliance with the Code of Conduct

and a declaration to this effect signed by the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO,

Chief Financial Officer, representatives of Statutory

Auditors and Internal Auditor are the regular invitees to the

Committee Meetings. Other executives including Business

Unit Heads are invited as and when required. The Cost

Auditors is invited to attend the Audit Committee meeting

where cost audit report is discussed. Mr. Rajeev Kumar,

Company Secretary of the Company is the Secretary of

the Committee.

The Audit Committee has reviewed management

discussion and analysis of financial condition and results

of operations, statement of significant related party

transactions as submitted by the management, and other

information as mentioned in Part C of Schedule II of

SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015.

The Chairman of the Audit Committee was present at the

last Annual General Meeting of the Company held on 12th

August, 2020.

IV. Nomination and Remuneration Committee:

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee comprises

of 3 Directors out of which 2 are Independent Directors and

1 is Executive Director. The Chairman of the Committee

is an Independent Director. The composition of the

Report on

Corporate Governance:

Managing Director & CEO and Executive Director for the FY 2020-21

is as under:

(H in Crores)

Name of Director

Salary and

allowances

Perquisites

Contribution

to PF

Commission

/ Incentive

Total

Stock

Options

granted

Mr. Mofatraj P. Munot

4.40

-

-

12.00

16.40

-

Mr. Manish Mohnot

3.53#

0.01

0.17

11.00

14.71

-

Mr. Sanjay Dalmia

1.90#

0.01

0.09

3.57

5.57

-

(H in Crores)

Name of Director

Sitting Fees

Commission

Total

Mr. Parag M. Munot

0.05

2.17

2.22

Mr. Sajjanraj Mehta

0.07

0.65

0.72

Mr. Vimal Bhandari

0.06

0.50

0.56

Mr. Narayan K. Seshadri

0.07

0.50

0.57

Mr. K. V. Mani+

0.04

0.15

0.19

Ms. Anjali Seth

0.05

0.22

0.27

Mr. Imtiaz Kanga%

0.05

0.15

0.20

The contractual agreement with Mr. Manish Mohnot,: Managing Director & CEO and Mr. Sanjay Dalmia, Executive Director can

be terminated by either party giving 6 months’ prior notice. None of the managerial personnel is entitled for any severance pay.

In terms of agreement/re-appointment terms approved / to be approved by members, commission/incentive to Mr. Mofatraj

P. Munot, Executive

Managing Director & CEO

Member

1/1

Mr. Parag M. Munot

Non-Executive –Promoter

Member

1/1

*Mr.K.V.Mani, ceased to be the Chairman of the Committee due to his sudden demise.

#Ms. Anjali Seth was appointed as Chairperson of the Committee w.e.f February 13, 2021.

Mr. Rajeev Kumar, Company Secretary is the Compliance Officer of the Company.

Investor Complaints at the beginning of the year

NIL

Investor Complaints received during the year

6

Investor Complaints resolved during the year

6

Investor Complaints pending at the end of the year

NIL

The Board has delegated the powers of approving

transfers and transmission of shares, issue of duplicate

shares, issue of share certificates after split/consolidation/

renewal and transmission of shares, to a Share Transfer

Committee which is comprising of Mr. Parag Munot, Mr.

Manish Mohnot and Mr. Ram Patodia. The Committee

met one time during the year. No request for transfer of

shares was pending as on March 31, 2021.

VI. Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Committee:

The Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Committee

comprises of 4 Directors out of which Chairman is an

Independent Director.

The terms of reference of Committee broadly comprises

following:

•

Formulate and recommend to the Board, a Corporate

Social Responsibility Policy which includes the

activities to be undertaken by the Company as

specified in Schedule VII;

•

Recommend the amount of expenditure to be

incurred on the CSR activities

•

Monitor the CSR Policy of the Company from time to

time.

•

Institute a transparent monitoring mechanism for

implementation of the CSR Projects or Programs or

activities undertaken by the Company.

The Committee met 2 times during the year on November 4, 2020 and January 27, 2021. The composition of the CSR

Committee and the attendance of Members at the Meeting were as follows:

Name of Member

Category

Status

No. of Meetings

attended /held

Mr. Sajjanraj Mehta

Independent Director

Chairman

2/2

Mr. Mofatraj P. Munot

Executive – Promoter

Member

2/2

Mr. Parag M. Munot

Non-Executive – Promoter

Member

1/2

Mr. Manish Mohnot: Managing Director & CEO

Member

2/2

VII. Risk Management Committee

The Company has constituted Risk Management

Committee in compliance with Regulation 21 of the

SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements).

Majority of members of the Committee, including the

Managing Director & CEO of the Company

(ii) Re-appointment of Ms. Anjali Seth (DIN: 05234352)

as an Independent Director of the Company

In AGM held on July 30, 2019, Seven Special Resolutions

were passed as under:

(i) Appointment of Mr. Sanjay Dalmia (DIN: 03469908)

as an Executive Director of the Company

(ii) Re-appointment

of

Mr.

Sajjanraj

Mehta

(DIN: 00051497) as an Independent Director

(iii) Re-appointment of Mr. Vimal Bhandari (DIN: 00001318)

as an Independent Director

(iv) Re-appointment of Mr. Narayan K. Seshadri

(DIN: 00053563) as an Independent Director

(v) Re-appointment of Mr. K. V. Mani (DIN: 00533148)

as an Independent Director

(vi) Authority for creation of charge, security etc. for an

amount not exceeding in aggregate H 12,000 Crores

(Rupees Twelve Thousand Crores)

(vii) Issue of 12,54,900 Equity Shares on a preferential

basis to Tano India Private Equity Fund II (“Tano”) for

consideration other than cash i.e. in consideration

of 1,46,45,499 equity shares held by Tano in Shree

Shubham Logistics Limited

In AGM held on August 7, 2018, Two Special Resolutions

were passed as under:

(i) Issuance of redeemable Non-Convertible Debentures

upto H 300 Crores by the Company within a period of

1 year in one or more tranches.

(ii) Approval

for

continuing

the

Directorship

of

Mr. K. V. Mani (DIN: 00533148) as an Independent

Non-Executive Director of the Company till his

original term upto March 31, 2019 although he shall

attain age of seventy five years

Postal Ballot

No Postal Ballot was conducted during the year. There

is no resolution which is proposed to be passed through

Postal Ballot.

X. Disclosures:

a) Management Discussion and Analysis

Annual Report has a detailed chapter on Management

Discussion and Analysis.

b) Related Party Transaction

All contracts / arrangements / transactions entered

by the Company during the financial year with related

parties were in the ordinary course of business and

on arm’s length basis. During the year, the Company

had not entered into any contract / arrangement

/ transaction with related parties, which could be

considered material in accordance with the policy

of the Company on materiality of related party

transactions or which could have potential conflict

with the interests of Company at large.

The Company has received declarations from Senior

Management Personnel that there was no material,

financial and commercial transactions, where they

have personal interest that may have a potential

conflict with the interest of the Company at large.

The Company has formulated a policy on dealing

with Related Party Transactions, such policy has been

disclosed of the Company’s website http://www.

kalpatarupower.com/corporate-governance/

c) Accounting treatment

The Company has followed accounting treatment as

prescribed in Indian Accounting Standard applicable

to the Company.

d) Risk Management

The Company has constituted Risk Management

Committee to ascertain and minimize risk and to take

appropriate decisions for regular assessment and

minimization of risks. The working of this Committee

is being periodically reviewed by the Board.

e) Compliance

There have been no non-compliance by the Company

with respect to any matter related to capital markets

nor any penalty or stricture was imposed on the

Company by stock exchanges or SEBI or any statutory

authority on any matter related to capital markets

during the last three years.

f)

Whistle Blower Policy (Vigil Mechanism)

The Company promotes ethical behavior in all its

business activities and has put in place a mechanism for

reporting illegal or unethical behavior. The Company

has a vigil mechanism (whistle-blower policy) under

which the employees are free to report violations

of applicable laws and regulations and the Code of

Conduct. The reportable matters may be disclosed

to the ABMS Committee which operates under the

supervision of the Audit Committee. Further, the

functioning of the vigil mechanism is being monitored

by the Audit Committee from time to time. Employees

may also report violations to the Chairman of the Audit

Committee in exceptional cases. During the year, no

employee was denied access to the Audit Committee.

The Whistle Blower Policy has been disclosed on the

Company’s website http://kalpatarupower.com/

corporate-governance/

g) Familiarization programme for Independent Directors

The Company has familiarized its Independent Director’s

regarding the Company, and its policies, their roles,

rights and responsibilities etc. Presentations are made

by senior personnel of the Company to the Independent

Directors covering nature of Industry, business model,

business performance and operations, challenges

& opportunities available etc. Certain programmes

are merged with the Board/Committee meetings for

the convenience of the directors. Separate programs

are conducted for them as per their requirement.

Over and above specific Familiarization Programmes,

presentations were made at the Board meetings by

MD & CEO / CFO covering performance of peers,

Operational review of major operating subsidiaries,

forex and commodity exposure, updates on capital

expenditure, strategic and operational risks and its

mitigation plan, business performance, operations,

working capital management, major litigations, major

achievements etc.

Further, the Directors are encouraged to attend the

training programmes being organized by various

regulators/bodies/institutions.

The

Details

of

Familiarisation programme for Independent Directors

has been disclosed on the Company’s website http://

kalpatarupower.com/corporate-governance/

h) Policy for determining ‘material’ subsidiaries

The Company has formulated a policy for determining

‘material’ subsidiaries, such policy has been disclosed

on the company’s website http://kalpatarupower.

com/corporate-governance/

i)

Foreign Exchange Risk and Hedging Activities

The Company's activities exposes it to the risk of

fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rate. Company

has in place a robust risk management framework for

monitoring and mitigation of the risk of fluctuations in

the currency exchange rates. Such risks are monitored

regularly and necessary actions are taken to mitigate

them in line with the Risk Management Policy of the

Company. The Company enters into forward foreign

exchange contracts to hedge the exchange rate

risk. The Company does not enter into any derivative

instruments for trading or speculative purposes. The

details of foreign exchange exposures as on March

31, 2021 are disclosed in Note No. 44 in Notes to the

standalone financial statements.

j)

Commodity Price Risk and Hedging Activities

The details regarding exposure of the Company to

commodity and commodity risks faced throughout

the year in terms of SEBI Circular Ref. No. SEBI/

HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2018/0000000141

dated

November 15, 2018 is as under:

1.

Risk management policy of the Company with

respect to commodities including through hedging

As a part of broader Risk Management Policy, the

Company has a dedicated framework to manage

commodity risk. The Company’s business is

significantly dependent on availability, cost

and quality of raw materials and fuels for the

construction and development of projects

undertaken. Prices of commodity items used in

the manufacturing and project execution mainly

includes steel, zinc, aluminum conductors,

copper, etc. Prices of these are varied due to

global economic conditions, supply demand

mismatch, competition, production levels, and

taxes etc. The Company currently manages

such risk through the price escalation clause in

some of the Contracts whereby the fluctuation

in the input cost is passed on to the Client. In

case of firm price contracts, the Company enters

into a Commodity Forward Contract to hedge

its price risk or pass on back-to-back firm price

contract to its vendor/contractor. The Company

addresses the risk of fluctuation in commodities

which cannot be hedged by building adequate

contingencies based on market trends. The

Company manages such risk as per its Risk

Management Policy and Procedures.

Report on

Corporate Governance:

Managing Director & CEO and Ram Patodia, Chief Financial Officer, to the best of our knowledge and belief,

hereby certify that:

(a) We have reviewed financial statements and the cash flow statement for the year ended March 31, 2021 and that to the best

of our knowledge and belief:

(i) these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements that

might be misleading;

(ii) these statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with existing

Accounting Standards, applicable laws and regulations.

(b) To the best of our knowledge and belief, no transaction entered into by the Company during the year which are fraudulent,

illegal or violative of the Company’s Code of Conduct.

(c) We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that we have evaluated

the effectiveness of internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting and have disclosed to the

Auditors and the Audit Committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls, if any, of which we are

aware and the steps we have taken or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies.

(d) We have indicated to the Auditors and the Audit Committee:

(i) That there is no significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year;

(ii) That there is no significant changes in accounting policies during the year and that the same have been disclosed in the

notes to the financial statements; and

(iii) That there is no instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of the

management or an employee having a significant role in the Company’s internal control system over financial reporting.

Place: Mumbai

Manish Mohnot

Ram Patodia

Date : May 11, 2021: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Section D: BR Information

1.

Details of Director / Directors responsible for BR:

a) Details of the Director / Directors responsible for implementation of the BR policy/ policies:

Sr.

No.

Questions

Ethics, Transparency and

Accountability

Sustainable & safe Goods and

Services

Well-being of all employees

Interests of disadvantaged and

marginalized Stakeholders

Promote human rights

Protection of Environment

Policy Advocacy

Inclusive growth and equitable

development

Provide value to their customers

and consumers

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

1

Do you have policy/policies for....

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

2

Has the policy been formulated in

consultation with the relevant stakeholders?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

3

Does the policy conform to any national /

international standards? If yes, specify?

All the policies are compliant of respective principles of NVG

guidelines, the Companies Act, 2013 and confirm to International

standards of ISO : 9001, ISO : 14001, OHSAS 18001 and ISO : 37001

as applicable to respective policies.

4

Has the policy being approved by the

Board? If yes, has it been signed by MD/

owner/CEO/ appropriate Board Director?

Y

-

Y

Y

Y

-

Y

Y

-

5

Does the company have a specified

committee of the Board/ Director/ Official

to oversee the implementation of the

policy?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Sr.

No.

Questions

Ethics, Transparency and

Accountability

Sustainable & safe Goods and

Services

Well-being of all employees

Interests of disadvantaged and

marginalized Stakeholders

Promote human rights

Protection of Environment

Policy Advocacy

Inclusive growth and equitable

development

Provide value to their customers

and consumers

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

6

Indicate the link for the policy to be viewed

online?

All the policies except HR Policies can be viewed at

www.kalpatarupower.com. HR Policies are restricted to employees

of the Company and uploaded on the Company’s Intranet accessible

to all employees.

7

Has the policy been formally communicated

to all relevant internal and external

stakeholders?

The policies have been widely communicated to the target internal

Stakeholders. The communication is an ongoing process to cover all

the target stakeholders.

8

Does the Company have in-house structure

to implement the policy/policies.

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

9

Does the Company have a grievance

redressal mechanism related to the policy/

policies to address stakeholders’ grievances

related to the policy/ policies?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

10

Has the Company carried out independent

audit/ evaluation of the working of this

policy by an internal or external agency?

Y

Y

Y

Y

-

Y

-

Y

Y

Sr.

No.

Questions

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

1

The Company has not understood the

principle

Not Applicable

2

The Company is not at stage where it

finds itself in a position to formulate

and implement the policies on specified

principle

3

The Company does not have financial or

manpower resources available for the task

4

It is planned to be done within next six

month

5

It is planned to be done within next one

year

6

Any other reason (please specify)

(b) If answer to Sr. No. 1 against any principle, is ‘No’, please explain why: (Tick up to 2 options)

Business

Responsibility Report:

Managing Director & CEO

Firm Registration No : 101248W/W-100022

DIN : 01229696

Vikas R Kasat

Rajeev Kumar

Sanjay Dalmia

Partner

Company Secretary

Executive Director

Membership No : 105317

DIN: 03469908

Mumbai : May 11, 2021

Mumbai : May 11, 2021

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

In terms of our report attached

For B S R & Co. LLP

Ram Patodia

Manish Mohnot

Chartered Accountants

Chief Financial Officer: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Firm Registration No : 101248W/W-100022

DIN : 01229696

Vikas R Kasat

Rajeev Kumar

Sanjay Dalmia

Partner

Company Secretary

Executive Director

Membership No : 105317

DIN: 03469908

Mumbai : May 11, 2021

Mumbai : May 11, 2021

(H in Crores)

Particulars

2020-21

2019-20

A.

CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:

Profit for the year

615.22

463.05

Adjustments for :

-

Tax Expenses

216.10

202.60

Depreciation and Amortization Expense

114.60

110.48

Finance Costs

108.57

166.23

Dividend Income

(27.15)

(14.31)

Interest Income

(42.82)

(41.58)

(Profit) / Loss on sale of Property, Plant and Equipment (net)

(3.78)

(0.47)

Impairment of Investment

-

6.89

Profit on sale of subsidiary and JV including Fair value gain (Net)

(168.35)

(30.79)

Provision for Allowance for Expected Credit Losses

9.48

(22.19)

Unrealised Foreign Exchange(gain)/ Loss (net)

45.35

(53.91)

Net (gain)/ loss arising on financial assets

(0.27)

(0.19)

OPERATING PROFIT BEFORE WORKING CAPITAL CHANGES

866.95

785.81

Adjustments for:

Trade and other Receivables

(321.85)

(441.33)

Inventories

140.94

(116.83)

Trade and other Payables

(276.46)

224.78

CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATIONS

409.57

452.44

Income Tax Paid

(211.69)

(209.51)

NET CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

197.88

242.93

B.

CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:

Capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment & intangible assets

(after adjustment of increase/decrease in capital work-in-progress and

advances for capital expenditure)

(119.39)

(170.31)

Proceeds from disposal of Property, Plant and Equipment

14.32

0.47

Proceeds from sale of subsidiary and Joint Venture (Net)

227.03

87.33

Proceeds from sale of Mutual Fund (Net)

0.50

-

Investment in Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures

(2.65)

(270.09)

Loans given to Subsidiaries, Joint Ventures and others

(153.95)

(216.10)

Repayment of loans by Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures

168.84

62.71

Interest Received

43.05

39.36

Dividend Received

27.15

14.31

Deposits with Banks

41.11

(24.30)

CASH GENERATED/ (USED IN) INVESTING ACTIVITIES

246.01

(476.62)

C.

CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:

Buyback of Equity shares including Transaction cost

(176.87)

-

Proceeds from Current/Non Current Borrowings

411.32

-

Redemption of Non Convertible Debentures

(133.33)

-

Repayment of Current/Non Current Borrowings

(46.01)

(36.74)

Net increase / (decrease) in short-term borrowings

(249.52)

724.39

Payment of Lease Liability

(14.95)

(14.31)

Finance Costs Paid

(100.07)

(153.24)

Dividends Paid including tax thereon

(126.57)

(119.16)

CASH GENERATED/ (USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES

(436.00)

400.94

Effect of exchange rate changes on the balance of cash and cash equivalents

held in foreign currencies

(0.13)

(0.37)

D.

NET INCREASE/[DECREASE] IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

7.76

166.88

E.

Reduction in Cash and Cash Equivalents under assets transfer

arrangement

(1.74)

-

F.

Opening Cash and Cash Equivalents

303.39

136.51

G.

Closing Cash and Cash Equivalents

309.41

303.39

Standalone Statement of Cash Flows

for the year ended March 31, 2021:

Managing Director & CEO

Firm Registration No : 101248W/W-100022

DIN : 01229696

Vikas R Kasat

Rajeev Kumar

Sanjay Dalmia

Partner

Company Secretary

Executive Director

Membership No : 105317

DIN: 03469908

Mumbai : May 11, 2021

Mumbai : May 11, 2021

1. Corporate Information

Kalpataru Power Transmission Limited (referred to as the

“Company”) is a global EPC player with diversified interest

in power transmission and distribution, oil and gas pipeline,

railways and biomass based power generation.

The company is public limited company incorporated and

domiciled in India having its registered office at Plot No.

101, Part-III, GIDC Estate, Sector -28, Gandhinagar 382028,

Gujarat, India.

2. Basis of preparation of Financial Statement

The Standalone or Separate financial statements of the Company

have been prepared in accordance with Indian Accounting

Standards (Ind AS) notified under Section 133 of the Companies

Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards)

Rules, 2015 (as amended from time to time).

These Standalone Ind AS financial statements are presented

in Indian Rupees (INR), which is Company’s presentation

currency. All amounts have been rounded-off to the nearest

crores, unless otherwise stated.

These standalone or separate financial statements were

approved by the Company’s Board of Directors and authorised

for issue on May 11, 2021.

The financial statements have been prepared on historical

cost basis, except for certain financial instruments that are

measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period, as

explained in accounting policies below.

Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset

or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between

market participants at the measurement date, regardless of

whether that price is directly observable or estimated using

another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of

an asset or a liability, the Company takes into account the

characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants

would take those characteristics into account when pricing the

asset or liability at the measurement date.

In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value

measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2 or 3 based on the

degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are

observable and the significance of the inputs to the fair value

measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:

•

Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active

markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity

can access at the measurement date;

•

Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices

included within Level 1, that are observable for the asset

or liability, either directly or indirectly; and

•

Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or

liability.

3. Use of Estimates

The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with

recognition and measurement principles of Ind AS requires

the Management to make estimates and assumptions that

affect the reported balance of assets and liabilities, disclosure

relating to contingent liabilities as at the date of the financial

statements and the reported amount of income and expense

for the period. Estimates and underlying assumptions are

reviewed on ongoing basis. Revision of accounting estimates

are recognised in the period in which the estimates are revised

and future period affected.

In particular, information about significant areas of estimation

uncertainty and critical judgments in applying accounting

policies that have the most significant effect on the amounts

recognized in the financial statements are included in the

following notes:

Useful lives of property, plant and equipment

The Company reviews the useful life of property, plant

and equipment at the end of each reporting period. This

reassessment may result in change in depreciation expense in

future periods. Policy for the same has been explained under

Note 4(P).

Impairment of Investments

The Company reviews its carrying value of investments carried

at cost, annually, or more frequently when there is indication

for impairment. If the recoverable amount is less than its

carrying amount, the impairment loss is accounted for.

Valuation of deferred tax assets

The Company reviews the carrying amount of deferred tax

assets at the end of each reporting period. The policy for the

same has been explained under Note 4(F).

4. Significant Accounting Policies

A. Revenue Recognition

(i) Revenue from construction contracts

Performance obligations with reference to construction

contracts are satisfied over the period of time, and

accordingly, Revenue from such contracts is recognized

based on progress of performance determined using input

method with reference to the cost incurred on contract

and their estimated total costs. Revenue is adjusted

towards liquidated damages, time value of money and

price variations/escalation, wherever, applicable. Variation:

Letter of Comfort given for loan to subsidiaries

365.00

365.00

(f)

Bank Guarantee given on behalf of subsidiaries

90.80

42.27

(g) Deed of Indemnity given on behalf of a subsidiary

150.22

136.13

(H in Crores)

Particulars

As at

31st March, 2021

As at

31st March, 2020

(a) Capital Commitments

14.86

62.20

Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed for Tangible capital

Assets and not provided for (Net of advances)

(b) Company has given undertakings to the term lenders of Kohima Mariani Transmission Limited to meet cost overrun of the Project.

30. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES IN RESPECT OF

31. CAPITAL & OTHER COMMITMENTS

32. CSR EXPENDITURE

(a) Gross amount required to be spent by the company during the year

*Approved by CSR Committee and Board

^ It includes the unspent CSR obligation of FY 19-20 amounting to H 258.48 lakhs as CSR obligation of FY 20-21

#Transferred to CSR unspent account on April 30, 2021

(b) Amount spent on purposes other than construction/acquisition of any assets:

Managing Director and CEO

(e) Individuals having significant influence and their relatives:

Parag Munot

Promoter Director

Sunita Choraria

Relative of Promoter Director

Sudha Golechha Relative of Promoter Director

(f) Joint Ventures :

Jhajjar KT Transco Private Limited (Upto September 27, 2020)

Kohima-Mariani Transmission Limited

Transactions with Related Parties in ordinary course of business are:

42. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURE AS REQUIRED BY IND AS 24: (Contd..)

(H in Crores)

Particulars

Relationship

2020-21

2019-20

1

Investment in Equity and Preference Shares

Shree Shubham Logistics Limited**

Subsidiary

-

100.00

Kalpataru Power Senegal SARL

Subsidiary

18.41

-

Kohima-Mariani Transmission Limited

Joint Venture

-

112.20

Kalpataru Power Transmission Sweden AB

Subsidiary

-

52.45

Jhajjar KT Transco Private Limited*

Joint Venture

1.78

-

Kalpataru Power Do Brasil Participações Ltda

Subsidiary

0.87

-

* Equity shares acquired from Klassik Vinyl Products LLC

** During the year Preference shares amounting to H 100 Crores have been converted into equity shares

2

Net Loans and advances given/(returned)

Shree Shubham Logistics Limited

Subsidiary

-

25.00

Amber Real Estate Limited

Subsidiary

(0.47)

(62.73)

Alipurduar Transmission Limited

Subsidiary

(121.39)

69.76

Kalpataru Power Transmission (Mauritius)

Limited

Subsidiary

(1.45)

-

Adeshwar Infrabuild Limited

Subsidiary

-

0.01

Kalpataru Power Transmission Sweden AB

Subsidiary

2.70

98.15

Kohima-Mariani Transmission Limited

Joint Venture

3.45

-

Jhajjar KT Transco Private Limited

Joint Venture

(4.25)

0.60

Saicharan Properties Limited

Indirect Subsidiary

33.00

1.60

3

Advance For Capex given/(adjusted)

Gurukrupa Developers

Enterprises having significant influence

(8.71)

1.35

Shree Shubham Logistics Limited

Subsidiary

-

(25.25)

Kalpataru Properties Private Limited

Enterprises having significant influence

-

32.00

4

Revenue from Operations

JMC Projects (India) Limited

Subsidiary

-

2.47

Jhajjar KT Transco Private Limited

Joint Venture

0.72

1.46

Alipurduar Transmission Limited

Subsidiary

6.35

12.32

Kohima-Mariani Transmission Limited

Joint Venture

49.37

360.09

Linjemontage i Grästorp Aktiebolag

Indirect Subsidiary

26.09

-

5

Other Income

Amber Real Estate Limited

Subsidiary

2.88

1.10

Shree Shubham Logistics Limited

Subsidiary

9.85

8.07

JMC Projects (India) Limited

Subsidiary

9.91

9.31

(H in Crores)

Particulars

Relationship

2020-21

2019-20

Saicharan Properties Limited

Indirect Subsidiary

12.13

13.07

Jhajjar KT Transco Private Limited

Joint Venture

16.24

0.38

Alipurduar Transmission Limited

Subsidiary

5.21

4.38

Kohima-Mariani Transmission Limited

Joint Venture

3.21

2.81

Punarvasu Financial Services Private Limited

Indirect Subsidiary

-

0.03

Kalpataru IBN Omairah Company Limited

Subsidiary

-

6.34

Kalpataru Power Transmission Sweden AB

Subsidiary

3.69

3.05

LLC Kalpataru Power Transmission, Ukraine

Subsidiary

0.02

0.01

6

Reimbursement of Expenses (Receivable)

Kalpataru IBN Omairah Company Limited

Subsidiary

-

0.21

Alipurduar Transmission Limited

Subsidiary

-

50.00

Shree Shubham Logistics Limited

Subsidiary

0.01

0.01

JMC Projects (India) Limited

Subsidiary

0.08

0.09

Kohima-Mariani Transmission Limited

Joint Venture

34.28

34.29

7

Rent Expenses

Kalpataru Retail Ventures Private Limited*

Enterprises having significant influence

4.99

8.09

Kalpataru Limited*

Enterprises having significant influence

6.27

1.11

JMC Projects (India) Limited

Subsidiary

1.06

0.89

*During the year units of Kalpataru Retail Ventures Private Limited merged with Kalpataru Limited

8

Service Charges

Kalpataru Power Transmission USA Inc.

Subsidiary

2.52

5.53

Argos Arkaya Power Solutions LLP

Enterprises having significant influence

0.01

-

Property Solutions (I) Private Limited

Enterprises having significant influence

2.11

2.53

9

Equipment Hire Charges

Energy Link (India) Limited

Subsidiary

0.24

0.24

JMC Projects (India) Limited

Subsidiary

2.48

0.67

10

Reimbursement of Expenses (Payable)

Kalpataru Retail Ventures Private Limited

Enterprises having significant influence

0.15

0.39

Kalpataru Limited

Enterprises having significant influence

0.27

0.07

Jhajjar KT Transco Private Limited

Joint Venture

0.02

0.03

11

Purchase of Property, Plant and

Equipments

Kalpataru Limited

Enterprises having significant influence

9.33

-

Gurukrupa Developers

Enterprises having significant influence

8.71

-

12

Corporate Social Responsibility

Kalpataru Foundation

Enterprises having significant influence

1.86

-

13

Salary & Commission *

Mr. Mofatraj P. Munot

Promoter Director & Executive Chairman

16.40

11.90

Mr. Manish Mohnot

Key Managerial Personnel

14.71

9.91

Mr. Parag Munot

Promoter Director

2.17

1.28

* Break up of compensations to key managerial personnel

short term employment benefits

31.11

21.81

14

Dividend Paid

Kalpataru Properties Private Limited

Enterprises having significant influence

11.60

8.87

Kalpataru Construction Private Limited

Enterprises having significant influence

19.85

15.18

Kalpataru Holdings Private Limited

Enterprises having significant influence

0.28

0.22

Kalpataru Viniyog LLP

Enterprises having significant influence

1.12

0.86

K C Holdings Private Limited

Enterprises having significant influence

17.97

13.74

Mr. Mofatraj P. Munot

Promoter Director & Executive Chairman

8.50

7.74

Mr. Parag Munot

Promoter Director

6.77

6.83

42. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURE AS REQUIRED BY IND AS 24: (Contd..):

Letter of Comforts Outstanding/

Deed of indemnity

Shree Shubham Logistics Limited

Subsidiary

240.00

240.00

Saicharan Properties Limited

Subsidiary

-

1.27

Kalpataru IBN Omairah Company Limited

Subsidiary

34.39

-

Alipurduar Transmission Limited

Subsidiary

-

41.00

Linjemontage i Grästorp Aktiebolag

Indirect Subsidiary

158.63

136.13

JMC Projects (India) Limited

Subsidiary

181.40

125.00

Kalpataru Foundation

Enterprises having significant influence

0.01

0.01

Formation of subsidiary for execution of projects and correspondingly transfer of the projects related asset and

liabilities.

During the year, the Company has transferred assets and liabilities to its wholly owned subsidiary ‘Kalpataru Power Senegal

SARL’ with effect from September 01, 2020 through a business transfer agreement, a summary thereof is as under:

Particulars

J in Crores

Assets

122.26

Liabilities

(103.86)

Net Assets

18.40

Excess of Assets over Liabilities (Equity shares of Kalpataru Power Senegal SARL)

18.40

Note : Transactions with the related parties are at Arm’s length prices. The amount outstanding are unsecured and will be

settled in cash. Guarantee given on behalf of subsidiaries are disclosed in Note 30. No expenses has been recognised in the

current year or previous year for bad or doubtful debts in respect of the amount owed by related parties.:

letter of comfort (LOC) given to banks

by the company. The company’s exposure in this respect has been disclosed in Note 30.

Liquidity Risk

The Table below provides details regarding the contractual maturities of significant financial liabilities.

The above table does not include liability on account of future interest obligation.

The company had undrawn borrowing facilities from banks amounting to H 298.37 Crores (Previous year H 158.15 Crores),

which may be drawn at any time.

(H in Crores)

Commodity

Fixed/variable

Open Exposure

Value at Risk on price variation of 5 %

increase

Decrease

Exposure as on March 31, 2021

Aluminium

Fixed Price Contracts

330.58

16.53

(16.53)

Zinc

Fixed Price Contracts

121.80

6.09

(6.09)

Steel

Fixed Price Contracts

636.70

31.83

(31.83)

Copper

Fixed Price Contracts

134.34

6.72

(6.72)

Total

1,223.42

61.17

(61.17)

(H in Crores)

Commodity

Fixed/variable

Open

Exposure

Value at Risk on price variation of 5 %

increase

Decrease

Exposure as on March 31, 2020

Aluminium

Fixed Price Contracts

1.05

0.05

(0.05)

Zinc

Fixed Price Contracts

12.57

0.63

(0.63)

Steel

Fixed Price Contracts

241.89

12.09

(12.09)

Total

255.51

12.77

(12.77)

44. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS – FAIR VALUES AND RISK MANAGEMENT (Contd..)

Interest Rate Risk

Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes

in market interest rates. The Company’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the

Company’s long-term debt obligations with floating interest rates.

Interest Rate Sensitivity Analysis

For the year ended March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2020, a 100 basis point increase / decrease in interest rate on floating rate

liabilities would impact company’s profit before tax by approximately 1.01 % and 1.40 % respectively.

Commodity Price Risk

The Company is affected by the price volatility of certain commodities like Steel, Zinc, Copper and Aluminium. Its operating

activities require the on-going purchase or continuous supply of these materials. The Company holds derivative financial

instruments such as commodity future contract to mitigate the risk of changes in Zinc, Copper and Aluminium prices.

The sensitivity analysis have been determined based on the exposure to changes in commodity prices. The analysis is prepared

assuming the quantity of exposure outstanding at the end of the reporting period was outstanding for the whole year. A 5%

increase or decrease is used when reporting commodity price risk internally to key management personnel and represents

management’s assessment of the reasonable possible changes in commodity prices and the impact of the possible change

on the company’s profit before tax is 7.36% for FY 2020-21 and 1.92% for FY 2019-20.:

Managing Director & CEO

Firm Registration No : 101248W/W-100022

DIN : 01229696

Vikas R Kasat

Rajeev Kumar

Sanjay Dalmia

Partner

Company Secretary

Executive Director

Membership No : 105317

DIN: 03469908

Mumbai : May 11, 2021

Mumbai : May 11, 2021

*Alipurduar Transmission Limited ceased to be a subsidiary of the company w.e.f November 25, 2020 in accordance with IndAS 110 “Consolidated Financial

Statements”. However, based on the Company’s Equity stake, it continues to be a subsidiary in terms of section 2(87) of the Companies Act, 2013.:

Managing Director & CEO

Firm Registration No : 101248W/W-100022

DIN : 01229696

Vikas R Kasat

Rajeev Kumar

Sanjay Dalmia

Partner

Company Secretary

Executive Director

Membership No : 105317

DIN : 03469908

Mumbai : 11th May, 2021

Mumbai : 11th May, 2021

Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss

for the year ended March 31, 2021

In terms of our report attached

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

For B S R & Co. LLP

Ram Patodia

Manish Mohnot

Chartered Accountants

Chief Financial Officer: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Firm Registration No : 101248W/W-100022

DIN : 01229696

Vikas R Kasat

Rajeev Kumar

Sanjay Dalmia

Partner

Company Secretary

Executive Director

Membership No : 105317

DIN : 03469908

Mumbai : 11th May, 2021

Mumbai : 11th May, 2021:

Managing Director & CEO

Firm Registration No : 101248W/W-100022

DIN : 01229696

Vikas R Kasat

Rajeev Kumar

Sanjay Dalmia

Partner

Company Secretary

Executive Director

Membership No : 105317

DIN : 03469908

Mumbai : 11th May, 2021

Mumbai : 11th May, 2021:

letter of comfort (LOC) given to banks by the

group. The company’s exposure in this respect has been disclosed in Note 35.

Loans, investments in group companies

The Group does not perceive any credit risk pertaining to loans given except on the loan given to Kurukshetra Expressway Private

Limited, Joint Venture of one of the subsidiary company. During the previous year, as required by Indian Accounting Standard 109

“Financial Instruments”, Management of the subsidiary company, has performed an impairment assessment of the recoverable

amount based on discounted cash flows, which have been determined by external valuation experts. The determination of the

discounted cash flows involves significant management judgement and estimates on the valuation methodology and various

assumptions including related to growth rates, discount rates, etc. Further, subsidiary company’s management believes that the

above assessment based on value in use appropriately reflects the recoverable amount of loans. Based on this assessment and

the valuation reports obtained from independent valuer, provision for expected credit loss was recognised in the Consolidated

financial statement of profit and loss amounted to H 79.47 Crores on the loans given to its joint venture.

Liquidity Risk

The Table below provides details regarding the contractual maturities of significant liabilities

(H in Crores)

Particulars

As at 31st March, 2021

As at 31st March, 2020

Less than

1 year

More than

1 year

Total

Less than

1 year

More than

1 year

Total

Financial Liabilities

(i) Trade Payables

3,739.14

338.20

4,077.34

3,445.17

349.80

3,794.97

(ii) Borrowings

894.91

1,605.24

2,500.15

1,131.71

1,798.95

2,930.66

(iii) Other financial liabilities

1,284.49

516.42

1,800.91

1,729.06

486.36

2,215.42

Total

8,378.40

8,941.05

Note- The above table does not include liability on account of future interest obligation.

Interest Rate Risk

Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in

market interest rates. The group’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the group’s long-

term debt obligations with floating interest rates.

Interest Rate Sensitivity Analysis

For the year ended March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2020, a 100 basis point increase / decrease in interest rate on floating rate

liabilities would impact group's profit before tax by approximately 2.60 % and 4.09 % respectively.:

Managing Director and CEO

c) Individuals having significant influence and their relatives:

Mr. Parag Munot

Promoter Director

Ms. Sudha Golechha

Relative of Promoter Director

Ms. Sunita Choraria

Relative of Promoter Director

(H in Crores)

Particulars

As at

31st March, 2021

As at

31st March, 2020

(x) Quantitative Sensitivity Analysis for Significant Assumptions

Defined Benefits Obligation (Base) (H in Crores)

54.99

49.51

Impact of change in discount rate

Revised obligation at the end of the year

due to increase of 0.50%

53.24

47.97

due to decrease of 0.50%

56.38

50.78

Impact of change in salary increase

Revised obligation at the end of the year

Impact due to increase of 0.50%

56.15

50.57

Impact due to decrease of 0.50%

53.41

48.13

d) Enterprises having Significant influence and having transactions with the group

Kalpataru Properties Private Limited

Kalpataru Properties (Thane) Private Limited

Property Solution (India) Private Limited

Kalpataru Limited

Kalpataru Construction Private Limited

K C Holdings Private Limited

Kalpataru Viniyog LLP

Kalpataru Holdings Private Limited

Kiyana Ventures LLP

Gurukrupa Developers

Kalpataru Retail Ventures Private Limited

Agile Real Estate Private Limited

Abacus Real Estate Private Limited

Argos Arkaya Power Solutions LLP

BGK Infrastructure Developers Private limited

Kalpataru Urbanscape LLP

Kalpataru Foundation

Dynacraft Machine Company Limited

42 Related Party disclosure as required by IND AS 24 : (Contd..)

Transactions with Related Parties in ordinary course of business are:

(H in Crores)

Particulars

Relationship

2020-21 2019-20

1

Purchase/Construction of Property, Plant and Equipment

Kalpataru Limited

Enterprises having significant influence

9.33

-

Gurukrupa Developers

Enterprises having significant influence

8.71

-

2 Advance For Capex given / (adjusted)

Gurukrupa Developers

Enterprises having significant influence

(8.71)

1.35

Kalpataru Properties Private Limited

Enterprises having significant influence

-

32.00

3 Net Loans and advances given/(repaid)

Kohima-Mariani Transmission Limited

Joint Venture

3.45

-

Jhajjar KT Transco Private Limited

Joint Venture

(4.25)

0.60

Kurukshetra Expressway Private Limited

Joint Venture

40.10

36.45

4 Other Expenses / Service Charges

Kalpataru Retail Ventures Private Limited

Enterprises having significant influence

-

0.32

Agile Real Estate Private Limited

Enterprises having significant influence

0.05

-

Kalpataru Limited

Enterprises having significant influence

0.24

0.12

Kalpataru Properties (Thane) Private Limited

Enterprises having significant influence

-

0.22

Argos Arkaya Power Solutions LLP

Enterprises having significant influence

0.01

-

5 Reimbursement of Expenses Payable / (Receivable)

Jhajjar KT Transco Private Limited

Joint Venture

0.02

0.03

Kohima-Mariani Transmission Limited

Joint Venture

(34.28)

(34.29)

Property Solution (India) Private Limited

Enterprises having significant influence

2.15

2.53

Kalpataru Retail Ventures Private Limited

Enterprises having significant influence

0.15

0.39

Kalpataru Limited

Enterprises having significant influence

0.27

0.07

BGK Infrastructure Developers Private limited

Enterprises having significant influence

0.01

-

6 Rent Paid

Kalpataru Retail Ventures Private Limited*

Enterprises having significant influence

4.99

17.28

Kalpataru Limited*

Enterprises having significant influence

13.42

1.11:

letter from its term lender for projects in Rajasthan and Gujarat stating

that the subsidy applied under Scheme of Development / Strengthening of Agriculture Marketing Infrastructure,

Grading and Standardization (AMIGS) for its Agri Logistics Parks has not been approved on technical grounds as stated

in the Joint Monitoring Committee report and has recalled the advance subsidy of H 2.25 Crores (Previous Year H 2.25

Crores). The said advance capital subsidy received by subsidiary Company has credited to the relevant fixed assets of

the subsidiary Company in the year of receipt. The subsidiary Company has represented the matter to National Bank for

Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) and Directorate of Marketing & Inspection (DMI), Delhi. DMI has initiated

the process for reviewing the same in the light of submissions made by the subsidiary Company. The subsidiary Company

believes that the projects are well qualified under the said subsidy scheme and the same would be approved by the

relevant sanctioning authorities. The empowered committee of India has observed that cold storage of Ramganj mandi

(Rajasthan) and Deesa ( Gujrat) are eligible for release of final subsidy H 0.25 Crores each (Total H 0.50 Crores). Both

Rajasthan and Gujarat locations related subsidy matters are pending before the Hon’ble High Court Rajasthan, Bench

Jaipur and Hon’ble Gujarat High Court, Ahmedabad, respectively. The Hon’ble High Courts of Rajasthan and Gujarat

have already granted stay order in favour of the Subsidiary Company. Stay is continuing till the final disposal of the writ

petitions.

45 (a) The Group has entered into service concession agreements with grantors viz: National Highways Authority of India

(NHAI) and The Madhya Pradesh Road Development Corporation Ltd. (MPRDC) for construction and maintenance of the

toll roads for a specified period (concession period) and has received a right to collect a fee for using the toll road during

that agreed concession period. The Group has to pay a guaranteed minimum annual payment to the grantor for each

year that the toll road in operation, as per agreement, for 2 toll roads. At the end of concession period, the ownership

of the toll roads will vest with grantor. The service concession agreement does not contain a renewal option. In terms of

para 17 of appendix C to Ind AS 115, cost on construction of roads has been recognised as “intangible assets” and being

amortised over concession period.

(H in Crores)

Toll Roads

Particulars

2020-21

2019-20

Revenue accounted during the year

156.46

153.83

Profit before tax

(65.27)

(59.63)

(b) Group had entered into transmission agreement in the nature of service concession agreement with Madhya Pradesh

Power Transmission Corporation Limited (grantor) for obtaining exclusive right to construct, operate and maintain the

transmission lines on design, build, finance, operate and transfer (DBFOT) basis for a specified period (concession

period) commencing from the date of grant of the Transmission License and receive monthly determinable annuity

payments. In terms of para 16 of appendix C to Ind AS 115, cost on construction of transmission lines has been recognised

as “financial assets”. On November 20, 2019, the Company completed the sale of its entire stake in Kalpataru Satpura

Transco Private Limited (KSTPL). Consequently, KSTPL ceased to be a subsidiary of the Company effective from the

same date.

(c) Financial summary of above concession agreements is given below.

46 Leases

1

Ind AS 116 Transition

The Group has adopted Ind AS 116 "Leases" with effect from April 1, 2019, with a modified retrospective approach. The

cumulative effect of initial application of Ind AS 116, has been adjusted in opening retained earnings on the date of application

i.e. April 1, 2019, as permitted by standard. The effect of adoption of Ind AS 116 was not material. The Group has elected to

account for short-term leases using the practical expedients. Instead of recognising a right-of-use asset and lease liability,

the payments in relation to these are recognised as an expense in profit or loss.

Leases Disclosure

1

The Company’s significant leasing/ licensing arrangements are mainly in respect of residential / office premises and

equipments. Leases generally have a lease term ranging from 14 months to 108 months. Most of the leases are renewable by

mutual consent on mutually agreeable terms.

(H in Crores)

Particulars

GROSS BLOCK

DEPRECIATION / AMORTISATION

NET BLOCK

As at

1st April,

2020

Additions Deductions

Foreign

Currency

Translation

Reserve

As at

31st March,

2021

As at

1st April,

2020

For the

Year

Deductions

Foreign

Currency

Translation

Reserve

As at

31st March,

2021

As at

31st March,

2021

TANGIBLE ASSETS

Land

2.47

0.19

0.22

-

2.44

0.24

0.15

0.22

-

0.17

2.27

Buildings

109.95

43.15

20.67

1.08

133.51

26.79

41.89

16.32

0.25

52.61

80.90

Plant & Equipments

4.08

5.53

(2.48)

0.02

12.11

1.27

1.38

-

0.05

2.70

9.41

Vehicles

16.14

11.16

3.29

1.67

25.68

4.19

5.80

1.98

0.46

8.47

17.21

Total

132.64

60.03

21.70

2.77

173.74

32.49

49.22

18.52

0.76

63.95

109.79

2

Right-of-use assets by class of assets is as follows.

Financial Year 2020-21:

Managing Director & CEO

Firm Registration No : 101248W/W-100022

DIN : 01229696

Vikas R Kasat

Rajeev Kumar

Sanjay Dalmia

Partner

Company Secretary

Executive Director

Membership No : 105317

DIN : 03469908

Mumbai : 11th May, 2021

Mumbai : 11th May, 2021

53 Investment Properties : (Contd..)

Annexure pursuant to first proviso to sub section (3) of section 129 read with rule 5 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014

Statement containing salient features of the financial statement of Subsidiaries/ Associate Companies/ Joint Ventures - AOC-1

Part “A”: Subsidiaries

(H in Crores)

Sr.

No.

Name of the Subsidiary

Reporting

currency

Share

Capital

Other

Equity

Total

Assets

Total

Liabilities Investments

Turnover

Profit

before

taxation

Provision

for

taxation

Profit

after

taxation

Proposed

Dividend

% of

shareholding

1

JMC Projects (India) Limited

INR

33.58

984.83

4,152.22

3,550.19

416.38

3,688.78

102.11

31.00

71.11

11.75

67.75%

2

Shree Shubham Logistics Limited

INR

104.06

59.22

531.76

388.45

19.97

148.89

5.22

0.02

5.20

-

100.00%

3

Energylink (India) Limited

INR

153.96

(1.07)

2.12

0.38

151.15

0.24

0.17

-

0.17

-

100.00%

4

Saicharan Properties Limited

INR

151.15

(33.22)

387.21

269.28

-

79.51

(0.90)

0.05

(0.95)

-

100.00%

5

Adeshwar Infrabuild Limited (footnote 6)

INR

0.05

(0.28)

-

0.23

-

-

-

-

-

-

100.00%

6

Amber Real Estate Limited

INR

0.99

2.68

8.97

5.30

-

7.45

3.41

0.76

2.65

-

100.00%

7

Kalpataru Power Transmission - USA, Inc.

USD

2.28

1.25

4.41

0.88

-

1.74

(1.11)

(0.23)

(0.88)

-

100.00%

8

Kalpataru Power Transmission (Mauritius) Limited

USD

2.90

(1.25)

4.81

4.55

1.39

-

(0.16)

-

(0.16)

-

100.00%

9

LLC Kalpataru Power Transmission Ukraine

UAH

0.27

(1.83)

3.81

5.37

-

-

(1.91)

-

(1.91)

-

100.00%

10 Kalpataru IBN Omairah Company Limited

SAR

0.85

3.09

4.53

0.59

-

0.10

(1.50)

-

(1.50)

-

65.00%

11

Kalpataru Metfab Private Limited

INR

30.01

(15.30)

14.75

0.04

-

-

(0.25)

-

(0.25)

-

100.00%

12

Alipurduar Transmission Limited (footnote 5)

INR

55.63

160.24

1,184.08

968.21

-

185.84

61.05

15.37

45.68

-

51.00%

13

Kalpataru Power DMCC, UAE

AED

1.39

(3.29)

3.78

5.68

-

1.23

(0.63)

-

(0.63)

-

100.00%

14

JMC Mining & Quarries Limited

INR

0.50

(0.31)

0.90

0.71

-

-

-

-

-

-

67.75%

15

Brij Bhoomi Expressway Pvt. Limited (footnote 6)

INR

22.76

(64.31)

182.86

224.41

-

32.40

(2.94)

0.75

(3.69)

-

67.75%

16

Wainganga Expressway Pvt. Limited (footnote 6)

INR

30.00

(234.86)

646.14

851.00

-

62.70

(42.57)

(0.88)

(41.69)

-

67.75%

17

Vindhyachal Expressway Pvt. Limited (footnote 6)

INR

27.05

(47.92)

774.73

795.60

-

59.79

(19.77)

(0.94)

(18.83)

-

67.75%

18

Punarvasu Financial Services Pvt. Limited

INR

19.38

3.92

23.98

0.68

-

2.75

1.20

0.16

1.04

-

100.00%

19

Kalpataru Power Transmission Sweden AB (footnote 6)

SEK

52.49

1.88

16.85

108.60

146.12

-

2.97

-

2.97

-

100.00%

20 Linjemontage i Grastorp AB

SEK

0.17

104.69

325.68

220.82

-

1,063.23

50.40

11.77

38.63

-

85.00%

21

Linjemontage Service Nordic AB

SEK

0.09

9.89

31.01

21.03

-

47.04

0.22

0.96

(0.74)

-

85.00%

22 Linjemontage AS

SEK

0.26

2.14

3.85

1.45

-

5.26

(4.88)

(0.16)

(4.72)

-

85.00%

23 Kalpataru Power Senegal SARL

XOF

18.41

(0.78)

129.95

112.32

-

28.13

(0.03)

0.01

(0.04)

-

100.00%

24 Kalpataru Power do Brasil Participações Ltda

BRL

0.87

(0.67)

0.29

0.09

-

-

(0.68)

-

(0.68)

-

100.00%

Notes:

1

Exchange rates at the year end considered for conversion : 1 USD = H 73.5047; 1 AED = H 20.0133; 1 UAH = H 2.6421; 1 SAR= H 19.6007; 1 SEK = H 8.4215; 1 XOF = H 0.1307; 1 BRL

= H 13.0524

2

Average exchange rates for the year considered for conversion : 1 USD = H 74.2148; 1 AED = H 20.2091; 1 UAH = H 2.6823; 1 SAR= H 19.7828; 1 SEK = H 8.3732; 1 XOF = H 0.1318; 1 BRL

= H 13.7479

3

There are no Subsidiaries which are yet to commence operations.

4

There are no Subsidiaries which are liquidated during the year.

5

Alipurduar Transmission Limited ceased to be a subsidiary of the Company w.e.f. November 25, 2020 in accordance with IndAS 110 “Consolidated Financial Statements”. However, based

on the Company’s equity stake, it continues to be a Subsidiary in terms of section 2 (87) of the Companies Act, 2013.

6

Sub-ordinate debt is considered as part of Liability.:

letter / Power of Attorney etc. together

with attested specimen signature of the duly

authorized signatory who are authorized to vote,

to the Scrutinizer on csurmilved@gmail.com and

to the Company on cs@kalpatarupower.com, if

voted from individual tab & not uploaded same

in the CDSL e-voting system for the scrutinizer

to verify the same.

(xi) In case you have any queries or issues regarding

e-voting, you may refer the Frequently Asked

Questions (“FAQs”) and e-voting manual available at

www.evotingindia.com, under help section or write

an email to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or call

1800225533.

(xii) All grievances connected with the facility for voting

by electronic means may be addressed to Mr. Rakesh

Dalvi, Sr. Manager, (CDSL) Central Depository

Services (India) Limited, A Wing, 25th Floor, Marathon

Futurex, Mafatlal Mill Compounds, N M Joshi Marg,

Lower Parel (East), Mumbai - 400013 or send an

e-mail to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or call on

022-23058542/43.

(U) Tax Deductible at Source / Withholding tax:

Pursuant to the requirement of Income Tax Act, 1961,

the Company will be required to withhold taxes at the

prescribed rates on the dividend paid to its shareholders.

The withholding tax rate would vary depending on the

residential status of the shareholder and documents

submitted by shareholder with the Company/RTA/

Depository Participant.:

Managing Director & CEO from time to time in all

respects.

Mr. Sanjay Dalmia shall give his whole time attention to the management and

affairs of the Company subject to the superintendence, control and direction of the: Managing

Managing Director of Kalpataru

Ltd., the flagship real estate arm of the Group. He

is responsible for Group’s Real Estate and Property

Development business. At Group level, he provides

strategic support and drives new business initiatives. He is

a graduate in Commerce and holds an MBA from Carnegie

Mellon University, USA.

No. of shares held in the Company

79,63,615

Relationship with other Directors and Key Managerial

Personnel

Mr. Parag Munot is son of Mr. Mofatraj P. Munot, Executive

Chairman of the Company

Name

Mr. Sanjay Dalmia

Age (as on March 31, 2021)

58 years

Date of first appointment on the Board

August 8, 2018

Brief resume/ Qualification/ Expertise in specific functional

area/Experience

Mr. Sanjay Dalmia has more than three decades of

experience in areas related to power, infrastructure,

textiles, mining and business development. He has earlier

worked in diverse geographies like Far East, Africa,

C.I.S. and Middle East, and has experience of working

with multicultural people. He is a qualified Chartered

Accountant and Company Secretary.

No. of shares held in the Company

16,100

Relationship with other Directors and Key Managerial

Personnel

None

List of directorship of other listed entities

(as on March 31, 2021)

Chairmanship / Membership of Committees of the

Board in such companies

NIL

NIL

List of directorship of other listed entities

(as on March 31, 2021)

Chairmanship / Membership of Committees of the

Board in such companies

NIL

NIL

Note: For other details such as number of meetings of the Board attended during the year, remuneration drawn, etc., please

refer to the Corporate Governance Report section of the Annual Report.:

