Message from MD & CEO ..................................................................18

Message from the CFO ..................................................................... 20

A Conscientious Company ................................................................ 22

Corporate Social Responsibility ....................................................... 28

Board of Directors ..............................................................................31

Corporate Overview

1

Standalone

Independent Auditor’s Report .........................................................109

Standalone Balance Sheet ...............................................................116

Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss .......................................117

Standalone Statement of Changes in Equity .................................. 118

Standalone Statement of Cash Flows ............................................120

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements .............................123

Consolidated

Independent Auditor’s Report .........................................................188

Consolidated Balance Sheet ...........................................................194

Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss ...................................195

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity ...............................196

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows .........................................198

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements .........................200

Management Discussion and Analysis ............................................ 35

Board’s Report ................................................................................... 53

Annexures to the Board’s Report......................................................62

Report on Corporate Governance .................................................... 83

Forward-looking statements

Some information in this report may contain forward-

looking statements regarding Company’s expected

financial position and results of operations, business plans

and prospects etc and are generally identified by forward-

looking words such as “believe,” “plan,” “anticipate,”

“continue,” “estimate,” “expect,” “may,” “will” or other

similar words. Forward- looking statements are dependent

on assumptions or basis underlying such statements. We

have based these assumptions in good faith, and we believe

they are reasonable in all material respects. However, we

caution that actual results, performances or achievements

could differ materially from those expressed or implied

in such forward-looking statements. We undertake

no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking

statement, whether as a result of new information, future

events, or otherwise.

109

35:

Managing Director and Group CEO

(w.e.f. April 1 2021)

3/3/2, Bellandur Gate, Sarjapur Main Road,

Bengaluru – 560103, Karnataka, India

www.quesscorp.com

Registrar

Auditors

Bankers

Link Intime India Private Limited

C-101, 247 Park, L B S Marg, Vikhroli (W)

Mumbai – 400083, Maharashtra, India

www.linkintime.co.in

Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP

Prestige Trade Tower, Level 19 46, Palace

Road, High Grounds, Bengaluru – 560001,

Karnataka, India

Axis Bank Limited

Bank of Baroda

Citibank N.A

HDFC Bank Limited

HSBC Limited

ICICI Bank Limited

IDFC First Bank Limited

Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited

RBL Bank Limited

State Bank of India

Standard Chartered Bank

The Bank of Nova Scotia

The Federal Bank Limited

Union Bank of India

Yes Bank Limited

Investor Cell

Kundan K Lal

Vice President & Company Secretary

investor@quesscorp.com

Corporate Information

1

Corporate Overview

1

Statutory Reports

35

Financial Statements

109:

Dear Shareholders,

The world has

experienced an average

of one pandemic every

40 years, that makes

it 17 in the last 700.

These 17 pandemics

from the year 1347,

unfortunately, have

caused about 350

million deaths. By our

nature, humanity is

wired to fighting these

situations and surviving

and thriving through all

of this.1

QUESS CORP LIMITED

12:

Managing Director and Group CEO: Dear Stakeholders,

This has been a roller-coaster year, one

in which our society went from a complete

lockdown to guard against COVID-19,

to a period of pandemic-free boom, to

another lockdown. The year saw Quess’

operating EBITDA drop by almost 25% in

the first quarter and then rapidly recover to

unprecedented levels (if normalised for the

sustained losses in our food and training

businesses) by Q4.

We are proud of the journey our institution

has made over the year. Even while

weathering the pandemic-induced

storm, we have emerged a more focused

and efficient execution machine, with

heightened energy and purpose. For this,

we must thank each of the ~363,000

Quessians who truly represent the best of

our society.

Indeed, over the last year Quess has been

at the forefront of the war against COVID.

Even while society was in lockdown,

we fumigated, managed, and secured

hospitals, airports, and countless other

essential facilities on behalf of our clients.

Even as many Indians were ensconced in

their homes, our associates were out at

the frontline in healthcare, ecommerce,

retail and manufacturing jobs to get our

economy running again. We repaired

broken devices, attended to customer

phone calls, processed payslips, and

deployed digital assets to keep consumers

serviced. Our employees participated in

numerous community welfare programs

I would like to thank each of the

~363,000 Quessians who truly

represent the best of our society.

during this particularly tough time,

sponsoring and distributing cooked meals,

dry ration and personal protection kits for

front-line workers, teachers and students

in adopted schools. As an institution, we

did our bit too by extending healthcare

helplines, counselling support, safety

training, facilities automation, digital

employee engagement events, and extra

leave benefits where needed. With such

inspiration and purpose, it is no wonder that

Quess once again emerged as a Great Place

to Work®!

18

QUESS CORP LIMITED

Managing Director & Group CEO

19

Corporate Overview

1

Statutory Reports

35

Financial Statements

109:

Dear Shareholders,

N. Ravi Vishwanath

Group Chief Financial Officer

The world, with Quess Corp being

no exception, has faced quite a year

with the onslaught of COVID-19 and

its impact on our company and the

economy. Despite the challenges posed

by the pandemic, we have adapted to new

norms by transitioning to a remote work

infrastructure in order to prioritize the

health and safety of our employees and

everyone involved. The pandemic had

varying impacts across our business and

we responded swiftly to the fast-changing

environment with acute focus on customer

service and acquisition, cost optimisation

and cash generation. While some of our

businesses like Digicare, Excelus and food

witnessed significant negative impact, the

IT & HRO businesses have stood strong

amidst a ravaging storm.While the impact

of COVID-19 on the global economy and the

labour market may have adversely affected

our results, particularly towards the end

of the last fiscal year (FY20) and the first

Quess has delivered

exceptional

performance in

an unprecedented

pandemic year

with significant

cash generation,

remarkable

improvement in

debt levels and

lower DSO’s

half of the current fiscal year (FY21), we

have begun to gradually recover from the

second half to the end of the year (FY21).

Financial Performance

Full Year revenues from operations were

H 108.37 billion in FY21 compared to

H 109.91 billion in FY20. The recovery in the

second half of the year has ensured that

we close the year flat on revenue despite

headwinds in first half of the year.

Our reported EBITDA for FY21 was H 4.58

billion vs H 6.58 billion in FY20. We have

voluntarily taken a one-time provision of

H 1.19 billion towards legacy government

business during the year. We also estimate

the impact of COVID on our Excelus and

Food businesses to be about H 980 million

for the year in terms of EBITDA. Adjusting

for lockdown impact and one-time

provision towards legacy government

20

QUESS CORP LIMITED:

letter and spirit of our values. Key Board

committees including Audit, Nomination

and Remuneration and Stakeholder

Relationships are led by Independent

Directors to ensure objectivity in decision-

making. We have invested in a technology-

driven solution to track pending litigations

to ensure speedy recognition and

resolution, and can confirm that no human

rights violation cases were filed against the

company last year.

Quess also enables its customers to

meet higher standards on regulatory

compliance and risk management through

Simpliance, India’s largest digital platform

for labour laws consolidating Acts, Rules

and Government Notifications. Simpliance

is an AI-enabled RegTech engine with

risk management, regulatory compliance

and audit tools to optimise business

performance.

b. Information Security and Data

Privacy

We periodically carry out Vulnerability

Assessment and Penetration Testing

(VAPT) to systematically review security

weaknesses, and run a 24x7 Security

Information and Event Management

(SIEM) for real-time analysis of

security alerts. Our Cyber Security

Council reviews and monitors data and

information on security threats, and

constantly improves our preparedness in

this critical area.

As our business grows increasingly

on digital platforms, we are cognizant

of our responsibility in handling

information entrusted to us by our

employees, associates, clients and

vendors. To enable remote working, we

have hosted information on a secure

cloud environment that is continuously

monitored for threats.

Value driven

company

with strong business processes,

robust culture and policies

ISO 9001:2015

certified

QuessCorp and AllSec

ISO 27001:2013

certified

Quess Corp, AllSec

Technology and Conneqt are

or lawsuits filed against the

company in FY21

Zero human rights

cases

Conscientious citizenship is built

into the very DNA of Quess’s

purpose. Our ESG philosophy

and guiding framework help

us measure, monitor and take

corrective actions to stay true to

this purpose.

4

27

Corporate Overview

1

Statutory Reports

35

Financial Statements

109:

Managing Director & Group CEO

Non-Executive, Independent Director

Non-Executive, Independent Director

Non-Executive Director

Non-Executive, Independent Director

31

Financial Statements

109

Statutory Reports

35

Corporate Overview

1:

Managing Director & Group CEO

Appointed to the Board: 4 November 2019

Skills and Experiences:

Suraj has a deep understanding of the

industry and the markets in which we

operate, using his 20 years’ experience in

global business to identify and evaluate

risks to tailor strategies accordingly. He

is fascinated with the power of technology

to improve lives and generate value. He

is deeply committed to grooming and

empowering the next generation of ethical

business leaders. During his tenure

at McKinsey, he was instrumental in

establishing the firm’s African tech media

and telecom practice and transforming the

Philippines office as the Managing Partner

for the country. He has served clients across

financial services, telcos, utilities, consumer

and media with a passion for technology-

led transformations. He is an authentic and

devoted leader, passionate about the role of

business in driving society forward.

Career:

Suraj is a BE graduate from Sardar

Vallabhbhai National Institute of Technology

in Surat, and a PGDM from the Indian Institute

of Management, Ahmedabad.

He spent two decades working at McKinsey

as a Senior Partner before joining Quess in

November 2019.

Details of other Directorships:

*

Allsec Technologies

*

Monster.com India

*

Conneqt Business Solutions

*

Excelus Learning Solutions Private

Limited.

Global Entities - 4

Chandran

Ratnaswami

Non-Executive Director

Appointed to the Board: 18 January 2016

Skills and Experiences:

Chandran is a Non-Executive Director of the

company since January 2016 and comes

with over three decades of experience in

investment management. He has driven

business success in markets around the

world, with an understanding of diverse

business environments, economic conditions,

cultures, and regulatory frameworks,

and a broad perspective on global market

opportunities.

Career:

Chandran holds a Bachelor’s degree in Civil

Engineering from IIT Madras and an MBA

from the Rotman School of Management,

University of Toronto.

He is the Chief Executive Officer and Director

of Fairfax India Holdings, a company listed

on the Toronto Stock Exchange and is also

a: Managing

Managing Director of

Tishman Speyer India and currently serves

on the Board of leading listed companies.

She has held senior management positions in

global corporations such as Syntel, Microland

and Tyco Electronics.

Details of other Directorships:

*

AstraZeneca Pharma India

*

Welspun Corp

*

ADC India Communications

*

Shell MRPL Aviation Fuels and Services

*

Welspun Tradings

*

Microland

M

M

M

C

C

M

M

C

33

Corporate Overview

1

Statutory Reports

35

Financial Statements

109:

letter generation

processes.

The

General

Staffing

business

maintained the Head count volume

our reach and scale within the segment.

With 65 offices across the country, we aim

to deliver a seamless service experience to

our clients.

As per SIA (Staffing Industry Analysts),

Quess WFM division has been ranked 50th

in the world for 2020, with approximately

$930 million revenue, the highest-ever

rank by an Asian company in value terms.

Our company plays a pivotal role in

ensuring productivity of the workforce

through vocational training and the use

of technology to manage all the back-end

activities of our associates.

recording

a

total

headcount

of

2,40,000+ associates, despite an 15%

reduction of resources during the year

owing to COVID impact in H1.

We have added 96 new customers

this year, a large portion of whom

were either first-time outsourcers or

previously using unorganised staffing

companies.

Workforce Management (WFM):

letter, gratuity payments, etc.

To improve employee engagement and

maximize

non-salary

benefits

for

our

employees, we launched DASH, a premium

employee benefits platform that offers Quess

employees exclusive access to numerous

deals from top brands.

Foraying into the gig economy

Only about 15% of the Indian population is

employed in the formal sector, including

public sector enterprises, central & state

governments,

private

&

public

listed

companies. In a country of our size and

population, millions strive to find better

employment opportunities. As a result, the

gig economy has fast emerged as a growing

mode of income generation. Offering varied

opportunities for professional growth, it

continues

to

employ

professionals

in

numerous short-term, freelance projects and

other task-based assignments. To capitalise

on this opportunity, In Q3, Quess entered into

a definitive agreement to buy 49% stake in one

of the leading gig economy start-ups Taskmo

for H 1 million, making us the first organised

staffing player to enter this segment.

Focus areas

Continuing to boost digital capabilities to drive

productivity and customer satisfaction.

Building a gig-based staffing business

through Taskmo to take advantage of the

huge developing opportunity in gig economy.

Ramping up capacity and productivity in the

IT staffing business to handle the surge in

demand.

Our

revolutionary

automated

statutory audit platform, driven by AI

& Machine Learning technology, is

helping companies halve their costs

while conducting 100% checks of all

records submitted, resulting in faster

completion of audit.:

Managing Director, the Audit Committee and the Risk Committee of the Board.

Internal Control Systems and their

adequacy

The Company has a strong Internal

Control System (ICS), which is aligned to

the requirement of the Companies Act,

2013. Further, the company has a robust

ICS, commensurate with the size, scale

and complexity of its business operations.

The Board of Directors has laid down

internal financial controls through policies

and procedures which are adopted by the

company, for ensuring the orderly and

efficient conduct of its business, compliance

with all applicable laws, rules and directives

from any statutory or regulatory authority,

safeguarding of its assets, prevention and

detection of frauds and errors, accuracy

and completeness of the accounting

records, and timely preparation of reliable

financial information.

Ernst & Young LLP, internal auditors of the

company, oversee and perform our internal

audit reviews. The scope and authority

of the internal auditors is clearly defined

by the Audit Committee of the Board. To

maintain its objectivity and independence,

the Internal Audit function reports to the

Chairman of the Audit Committee. The

internal auditor monitors and evaluates

the efficacy and adequacy of the ICS of the

company and its compliance with applicable

laws/ regulations, accounting procedures

and policies.

The Audit Committee in compliance with

Section 177 of the Act, comprises six

Directors of the company, of which four

Directors are independent. The Audit

Committee, meets every quarter to review

the Internal Audit reports submitted by the

internal auditor of the company. Based on

these reports, the committee scrutinises

and reviews the key audit findings to

evaluate the effectiveness and adequacy of

the company’s financial controls, internal

controls, risk management systems and

processes (including those relating to

compliance with all applicable laws and

regulations) to ensure that they are robust

and have been appropriately developed and

implemented. The internal auditor also

provides a status of all key audit findings

based on follow-up reviews conducted

every quarter to ensure appropriate

resolutions are implemented.

Deloitte Haskins and Sells LLP, the

statutory auditors of the company, have

audited the financial statements of the

company, forming part of the annual report,

and have issued a report on our internal

controls over financial reporting as defined

under Section 143 of the Companies Act,

2013.

Further to the above, implementation of

an internal control framework, as defined

under Section 177 of the Companies Act,

2013 read with Regulation 17 of SEBI

(LODR) Regulations, 2015, the Statutory

Auditors, along with Audit Committee have

opined that the company has, in all material

respects, an adequate internal financial

controls system over financial reporting

and such controls operated effectively

during the year.:

Managing Director and Group CEO” with

effect from 1 April 2021 till the end of his current term,

subject to the approval of the shareholders at the ensuing

AGM. A resolution seeking shareholders’ approval for their

change in designation along with increase in remuneration

forms part of the Notice.

(c) Retirement of Directors –

The Board, on the recommendation of NRC, at its meeting

held on 31 August 2020 noted the retirement/expiry of the

terms of Mr. Pravir Kumar Vohra (DIN: 00082545) and

Mr. Pratip Chaudhuri (DIN: 00915201), Non-Executive

Independent Directors of the Company from the conclusion

of 13th AGM held on 29 September 2020.:

letter

of appointment. A familiarization programme for all the

Independent Directors was held on 2 November 2020.

A note on the Familiarisation programme adopted by the

Company for orientation and training of the Directors and the

Board evaluation process undertaken in compliance with the

provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Listing Regulations

is referred herewith is made available on the Company’s official

website at – https://www.quesscorp.com/investor/dist/images/

pdf/Policies/Directors_Familiarization_Programme.pdf:

letter.

•

The aforesaid RSUs can be exercised within 3 years

from the date of vesting in terms of QSOP 2020.

A detailed disclosure with respect to stock options, as

required under Regulation 14 of the SEBI (Share Based

Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014 and SEBI Circular

dated 16 June 2015, has been uploaded on the official

website of the Company at - https://www.quesscorp.com/

investor-other-information/

The Company’s Statutory Auditors, M/s. Deloitte and

Haskins LLP, have certified that the aforementioned

employee stock option plans of the Company have been

implemented in accordance with the regulations and the

resolutions passed by the members in this regard.

21. Particulars of Employees:

The Company is required to give disclosures under

Section 197(12) of the Act read with Rule 5 of the Companies

(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel)

Rules, 2014, which is annexed as ‘Annexure – F’ and forms an

integral part of this Report.

The statement containing the top 10 employees on roll and

particulars of employees employed throughout the year

whose remuneration is more than H 10.20 million or more

per annum and employees employed part-time and in receipt

of remuneration of H 0.85 million or more per month as

required under Rule 5(2) of the Companies (Appointment and

Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules 2014, forms

an integral part of this Report. However, the same is not being

sent along with this Annual Report to the members of the

Company in line with the provision of Section 136 of the Act.

Members who are interested in obtaining these particulars

may write to the Company Secretary at the Registered Office

of the Company. The aforesaid annexure is also available for

inspection by the Members at the Registered Office of the

Company, 21 days before and up to the date of the ensuing AGM

during the business hours on working days.

22. Corporate Governance:

A detailed report on Corporate Governance, pursuant to the

requirements of Regulation 34 of the Listing Regulations,

forms part of the Annual Report. A certificate from

Mr. S. N. Mishra, Practicing Company Secretary, Bengaluru,

confirming compliance to conditions of Corporate Governance,

as stipulated under the Listing Regulations, is annexed to

the Corporate Governance Report. A statement containing

additional information as required under Clause IV of Section II

of Part II of Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013 is provided

in the Report on Corporate Governance, which forms part of

this Annual Report.

23. Vigil Mechanism/ Whistle Blower Policy:

In compliance with Section 177(9) of the Act and

Regulation 22 of the Listing Regulations, the Company

has a Whistle Blower Policy and has established the

necessary vigil mechanism for Directors and employees in

confirmation with the above laws, to report concerns about

unethical behaviour. The details of the Policy have been

disclosed in the Corporate Governance Report, which is a

part of this report and is also available on the website of the

Company – https://www.quesscorp.com/investor/dist/images/

pdf/Governance/Whistle-BlowerPolicy.pdf

24. Conservation of Energy, Technology Absorption,

Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo under

Section 134(3)(m) of the Act:

The provisions of Section 134(3)(m) of the Act read with Rule

8(3) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 relating to

conservation of energy and technology absorption do not

apply to the Company. The Company is a pioneer in workforce

management, technologies and has used information

technology extensively in its operations.

The details of Foreign exchange earnings and outgo are given

below:

•

Expenditure in foreign currency:

H 30.30 million

•

Earnings in foreign currency:

H 108.20 million:

Managing Director & Group CEO

4.

Telephone number

080-61056001

5.

e-mail id investor@quesscorp.com

1.

Principle-wise (as per NVGs) BR Policy/policies

The National Voluntary Guidelines on Social, Environmental and Economic Responsibilities of Business (NVGs) released by the Ministry

of Corporate Affairs has adopted nine areas of Business Responsibility. These briefly are as under:

Businesses should conduct and govern

themselves with Ethics, Transparency

and Accountability.

P1: Business Ethics

Businesses should provide goods and

services that are safe and contribute to

sustainability throughout their life cycle.

P2: Product Responsibility

Businesses

should

promote

the

wellbeing of all employees.

P3: Wellbeing of Employees

Businesses should respect the interests of,

and be responsive towards all stakeholders,

especially those who are disadvantaged,

vulnerable and marginalized.

P4: Stakeholders Engagement

Businesses

should

respect

and

promote human rights.

P5: Human Rights

Business should respect, protect, and

make efforts to restore the environment.

P6: Environment

Businesses,

when

engaged

in

influencing public and regulatory policy,

should do so in a responsible manner.

P7: Public Policy

Businesses should support inclusive

growth and equitable development.

P8: CSR

Businesses should engage with and

provide value to their customers and

consumers in a responsible manner.

P9: Customer Relations:

Managing Director or persons delegated by him.

5

Does the company have a specified

committee of the Board/ Director/

Official to oversee the implementation

of the policy?

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Yes, the Company has specified Committees of the Board such as CSR Committee,

Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Administration and Investment Committee,

Ethics Committee, Risk Management Committee, Audit Committee, Nomination

and Remuneration Committee etc. that meet at regular intervals to review the

functioning and adequacy of controls mentioned in the polices.

6

Indicate the link for the policy

to be viewed online?

P1

1 Code of Business Conduct and

Ethics Policy

2 Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption

Policy

P5

1 Prevention of Sexual Harassment

Policy

2 Human Rights Policy

P2

1 Customer Service Policy

P6

1 Health, Safety and Environmental

Conservation Policy

P3

1 Health, Safety and Environmental

Conservation Policy

P7

1 Code of Business Conduct and

Ethics Policy

P4

1 Whistle Blower’s Policy

P8

1 CSR Policy

P9

1 Customer Service Policy

The above policies are uploaded on our website at https://www.quesscorp.com/corporate-governance

and also on our employee service portal.:

letter of even date which

is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this

report.

Sd/-

S.N.Mishra

Company Secretary

C. P. No. : 4684

Place: Bengaluru

FCS No. : 6143

Date : 3 June 2021

UDIN : F006143C000419721:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. My responsibility is to express an opinion on

these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

I have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the

contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial

records. I believe that processes and practices I followed provide a reasonable basis for my opinion.

3.

I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the company.

4.

Wherever required, I have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and happening

of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of corporate and other applicable laws, rules regulations, standards is the responsibility of management.

My examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with

which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Sd/-

S.N.Mishra

Company Secretary

C. P. No. : 4684

Place: Bengaluru

FCS No. : 6143

Date : 3 June 2021

UDIN : F006143C000419721:

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and forms

an integral part of this report.

Sd/-

S.N.Mishra

Company Secretary

C. P. No. : 4684

Place: Bengaluru

FCS No. : 6143

Date : 26 May 2021

UDIN: F006143C000372872:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. My responsibility is to express an opinion on

these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

I have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the

contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial

records. I believe that processes and practices I followed provide a reasonable basis for my opinion.

3.

I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4.

Where ever required, I have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and happening

of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations and standards is the responsibility of

Management. My examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with

which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Sd/-

S.N.Mishra

Company Secretary

Place: Bengaluru

C. P. No. : 4684

Date : 26 May 2021

FCS No. : 6143:

Managing Director” to “Executive Chairman” w.e.f 1 April 2021.

2.

Elevation of Mr. K. Suraj Moraje from “Executive Director and Group CEO” to “: Managing Director and Group CEO” w.e.f 1 April 2021.

3.

Mr. Subramanian Ramakrishnan resigned from the post of Group Chief Financial Officer of the Company w.e.f.31 March 2021.

Variable Pay Compensation

The variable pay of top executives including the Chief Executive Officer and Executive Directors is based on clearly laid out criteria and

measures, which are linked to the desired performance and business objectives of the organization.

For and on behalf of Board of Directors of Quess Corp Limited

Sd/-

Ajit Isaac

Date: 3 June 2021

Executive

Managing Director and Group CEO

Chairperson, CSR Committee:

Managing Director &

Group CEO)(2)

Non-

Independent,

Executive

7

Yes

3

0

0

Allsec Technologies Ltd.

(Non-Independent, Non-

Executive)

3.

Mr. Chandran

Ratnaswami

Non-

Independent,

Non-

Executive

7

Yes

7

0

3

• Thomas Cook (India)

Ltd.

• IIFL Finance Ltd.

(Non-Independent,

Executive)

4.

Mr. Gopalakrishnan

Soundarajan(3)

Non-

Independent,

Non-

Executive

7

Yes

4

0

1

IIFL Wealth Management

Ltd.

(Non-Independent, Non-

Executive):

Managing Director” to

“Executive Chairman” w.e.f. 1 April 2021, subject to the

shareholders’ approval at the ensuing AGM.

(2) Elevated from “Group CEO & Executive Director” to “Group CEO

&: Managing

Letter-of-

Appointment-for-Independent-Director-with-Terms-

and-Conditions.pdf

(vi.) Familiarization Programme –

Our Directors, at the time of their appointment, are provided

with information about the Company and its organizational

structure, business model, vision and values, latest published

results and internal policies to enable them to familiarize

themselves with the Company’s procedures and practices.

A detailed: letter containing the Company’s expectations,

the rights, powers, responsibilities and liabilities of the

Independent

Managing Director, Executive Director

and Group Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer,

Chief Business Officer of the Company, who is responsible

for the finance function, the Head of the Internal Audit and

representatives of the Internal Auditors and the Statutory

Auditors are regularly invited to attend meetings of the

Audit Committee.

The Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the

Company is the Secretary to the Audit Committee.

As per Regulation 18(1) of the Listing Regulations, Section

177 of the Act and the Secretarial Standards, Mr. K. R.

Girish, the Chairman of the Committee was present at the

last AGM of the Company, held on 29 September 2020, to

answer shareholder queries.

B.

Nomination and Remuneration Committee

The NRC Committee of the Company functions in

accordance with Section 178 of the Act and Regulation 19

read with Part D of Schedule II of the Listing Regulations.

The NRC Committee was reconstituted by the approval of

the Board in its meeting held on 17 August 2020.

Terms of Reference of the NRC Committee –

a)

Formulate the criteria for determining qualifications,

positive attributes and independence of a director

and recommend to the Board a policy, relating to

the remuneration of the directors, key managerial

personnel and other employees;

b)

Formulation of criteria for evaluation of the

performance of Independent Directors and the Board;

c)

Devising a policy on Board diversity;

d)

Identify persons who are qualified to become

directors and who may be appointed in senior

management in accordance with the criteria laid

down and recommend to the Board of Directors

their appointment and removal, and carrying out

evaluations of every;

e)

Analysing, monitoring and reviewing various human

resource and compensation matters;

f)

Determining our Company’s policy on specific

remuneration packages for executive directors

including pension rights and any compensation

payment, and determining remuneration packages of

such directors;

g)

Determine compensation levels payable to the senior

management personnel and other staff (as deemed

necessary), which shall be market-related, usually

consisting of fixed and variable components.:

Managing Director & CEO

The Nomination & Remuneration Committee evaluates

the performance of the: Managing Director & CEO by

setting his Key Performance Objectives at the beginning of

each financial year. The Committee ensures that his Key

Performance Objectives are aligned with the immediate

and long-term goals of the Company. The performance of

Managing Director vis-à-vis the Performance Objectives/

Parameters set at the beginning of the financial year are

also reviewed by the Committee during the year.

Committees of the Board

The performance evaluation of committee’s included

aspects like degree of fulfilment of key responsibilities

as outlined by the charter, adequacy of committee

composition,

effectiveness

of

discussions

at

the

Committee meetings, quality of deliberations at the

meetings and information provided to the Committee’s.

The overall performance evaluation exercise was

completed to the satisfaction of the Board. The Board of

Directors deliberated on the outcome and agreed to take

necessary steps going forward. Based on the outcome of

the performance evaluation exercise, areas have been

identified for the Board to engage itself with and the same

would be acted upon.

The Directors carry out the aforesaid Performance Evaluation

in a confidential manner and provide their feedback on a

rating scale of 1 - 3. Duly completed formats were sent to the

Managing Director & Group CEO

Member

Ms. Revathy Ashok

Independent Director

Member

Mr. Sanjay Anandaram

Independent Director

Member

Mr. Rajesh Kharidehal

Chief Business Officer

Member

Mr. Subramanian Ramakrishnan

Chief Financial Officer

Member

E.

Risk Management Committee

The Risk Management Committee of the Company

functions in accordance with Regulation 21 of the Listing

Regulations. The Committee meets at frequent intervals

depending upon the requirements.

The primary responsibility of the Committee is to assist the

Board in monitoring and reviewing the risk management

plan, implementation of the risk management framework

of the Company and the cyber security.

Terms of Reference of the Risk Management Committee:

a)

The Risk Management Committee shall evaluate

significant risk exposures of the Company and assess

management’s actions to mitigate the exposures

in a timely manner (including one-off initiatives,

and ongoing activities such as business continuity

planning and disaster recovery planning & testing).

b)

The Risk Management Committee will coordinate its

activities with the Audit Committee in instances where

there is any overlap with audit activities (e.g. internal

or external audit issue relating to risk management

policy or practice).

c)

The Risk Management Committee shall make regular

reports/ recommendations to the Board.

d)

To formulate a detailed risk management policy

which shall include :

i.

A framework for identification of internal

and external risks specifically faced by the

listed entity, in particular including financial,

operational, sectoral, sustainability (particularly,

ESG related risks), information, cyber security

risks or any other risk as may be determined by

the Committee.

ii.

Measures for risk mitigation including systems

and processes for internal control of identified

risks.

iii.

Business continuity plan.

e)

To ensure that appropriate methodology, processes

and systems are in place to monitor and evaluate

risks associated with the business of the Company.

f)

To monitor and oversee implementation of the

risk management policy, including evaluating the

adequacy of risk management systems.

g)

To periodically review the risk management policy, at

least once in two years, including by considering the

changing industry dynamics and evolving complexity.

h)

To keep the Board of Directors informed about the

nature and content of its discussions, recommendations

and actions to be taken.

The said Policy has been uploaded on the official website

of the Company at www.quesscorp.com and is available

at the link https://www.quesscorp.com/investor/dist/

images/pdf/Policies/Risk-Management-Policy.pdf

Attendance details of the members of the Risk Management Committee as on 31 March 2021 are as follows –

The Company Secretary and Compliance Officer is the

Secretary to the Committee.

F.

Share Transfer Committee

The Share Transfer Committee was constituted by the

Board of Directors at its meeting held on 29 January 2020.

The Committee generally meets in a regular interval

to approve, inter alia, the requests for transfer and

transmission of shares.

There is no pending transfer of shares as on 31 March

2021.

Terms of reference of the Share Transfer Committee –

a)

Deletion of name of the deceased holder(s) of

securities, where the securities are held in the name

of two or more holders of securities;

b)

Transmission of securities to the legal heir(s), where

deceased holder of securities was the sole holder of

securities;

c)

Transposition of securities, when there is a change in

the order of names in which physical securities are held

jointly in the names of two or more holders of securities;:

Managing Director of the

Company.

4. Fixation of fees under Section 20 of

the Companies Act, 2013.

None of the businesses proposed to be transacted at

the ensuing AGM require passing an ordinary or special

resolution through postal ballot.

V. Means of Communication with Shareholders

•

Financial Results: Prior intimation of the Board Meeting

to consider and approve Unaudited /Audited Financial

Results of the Company is given to the Stock Exchanges and

also disseminated on the official website of the Company

at www.quesscorp.com . The aforesaid Financial Results

are immediately intimated to the Stock Exchange(s) after

the same is approved at the Board Meeting. The Annual

Audited Financial Statements are sent to every member

of the Company in the prescribed manner. In terms of

Regulation 10 of the Listing Regulations, the Company

complies with the online filing requirements on electronic

platforms of BSE Limited (BSE), National Stock Exchange

of India Limited (NSE) viz., BSE Listing Centre, NSE

Electronic Application Processing System (NEAPS).

•

Newspapers: The quarterly, half-yearly and annual Financial

Results of the Company are published in widely circulated

daily Newspapers, viz., “Financial Express” “Business

Standard” (English) and in the “Hosa Digantha” (Kannada).

•

Website:

The

website

of

the

Company

www.quesscorp.com

contains

a

dedicated

section

“Investor Relations” which contains details / information

of interest to various stakeholders, including Financial

Results, Shareholding Pattern, Press Releases, Company

Policies, etc. The Members/ Investors can view the details

of electronic filings done by the Company on the respective

websites of BSE and NSE i.e., www.bseindia.com and

www.nseindia.com .

•

Press Releases: Official Press Releases including Press

Release on Financial Results of the Company are sent to

the Stock Exchanges and the same are simultaneously

hosted on the official website of the Company.

•

Presentations to institutional investors/ analysts: All

price sensitive information is promptly intimated to the

Stock Exchanges before releasing to the media, other

stakeholders and uploading on the Company’s official

website. During the year under review, the Company made

a presentation to the investor on 28 May 2020, 29 July

2020, 02 November 2020 and 28 January 2021 through

conference call. The details are also displayed on the

Company’s official website www.quesscorp.com .

•

SEBI Complaints Redress System (SCORES): The investor

complaints are processed in a centralized web-based

complaints redressal system. Centralised database of all

complaints received, online upload of the Action Taken Reports

(ATRs) by the Company and online viewing by investors of

actions taken on the complaint and its current status are

updated/resolved electronically in the SEBI SCORES system.

•

Annual Report: The Annual Report circulated to members

and others entitled thereto in electronic as well as physical

modes is disseminated to Stock Exchanges and is also

uploaded on the Company’s official website.

•

Credit Rating: List of all Credit Ratings obtained by the

entity along with revisions, if any, thereto during the:

Letter-of-Appointment-

for-Independent-Director-with-Terms-and-Conditions.pdf

Archival Policy

https://www.quesscorp.com/investor/dist/images/pdf/Policies/Archival_Policy.pdf

Details of its Business

https://www.quesscorp.com/about/company-profile/

Composition of Various Committees

of the Board of Directors

https://www.quesscorp.com/corporate-governance/

VII. Other Disclosures

Materially significant related party transactions -

Omnibus and prior approval of the Audit Committee

is obtained for all Related Party Transactions of the

Company. During the financial year ended 31 March

2021, the Company did not have any ‘material’ related

party transaction that may have potential conflict with the

interests of the Company at large.

The Board of Directors of the Company has adopted

a Related Party Transactions Policy pursuant to the

requirements of Section 188 of the Act, and Rules framed

thereunder and Regulation 23 of the Listing Regulations.

The said Related Party Transactions Policy has been

uploaded on the official website of the Company at

www.quesscorp.com .

The Disclosure on Related Party Transactions forms an

integral part of the Notes to Financial Statements of the

Company for the financial year ended 31 March 2021 (both

standalone and consolidated basis) as included in this

Annual Report.

Details of non-compliance by the Company during the last

three years -

There has been no instance of non-compliance by the

Company on any matter related to capital markets during

the last three years. No penalty has been imposed on the

Company by the Stock Exchanges or SEBI or any other

statutory authorities on such matters.

Whistle-Blower Mechanism -

The Company has adopted the Whistle-Blower Policy

pursuant to which employees of the Company can raise

their concerns relating to malpractices, inappropriate

use of funds or any other activity or event which is against

the interest of the Company. The Board of Directors

has amended the existing Whistle Blower Policy and:

Managing Director and has provided a separate office

within the Company premises for the Chairman.

B.

Shareholders’ Rights

The half-yearly declarations of financial performance

together with the summary of significant events in the

last six months are not individually provided to the

shareholders. However, information on financial and

business performance is provided in the ‘Investors section’

of the Company’s official website, www.quesscorp.com,

on a quarterly basis.

C.

Modified opinion(s) in the Audit Report

The audited financial statements of the Company for the

FY21 do not contain any qualifications and the Statutory

Auditors Report/Secretarial Audit Report does not contain

any adverse remarks. The Audit Reports are unmodified.

D.

Reporting by the Internal Auditor

The Internal Auditor reports to the Audit Committee of the

Board of Directors of the Company. The Audit Committee

is empowered to hold separate meetings and discussions

with the Internal Auditor.

Confirmation on the Code of Conduct

I, K. Suraj Moraje,: Managing

Managing Director & Group Chief Executive Officer and N. Ravi Vishwanath, Group Chief Financial Officer of Quess Corp

Limited (“the Company”), to the best of our knowledge and belief, certify that:

(a) We have reviewed financial statements and the cash flow statement for the fourth quarter and financial year ended 31 March 2021 and

that to best of our knowledge and belief:

i.

these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements that might be

misleading;

ii.

these statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with existing accounting

standards, applicable laws and regulations.

(b) There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the year ended 31 March 2021

which is fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company’s code of conduct.

(c) We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that we have evaluated the

effectiveness of internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting and we have disclosed to the auditors and the

audit committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls, if any, of which we are aware and the steps we have

taken or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies.

(d) We have indicated to the auditors and the Audit committee

i.

There have not been any significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the quarter under reference;

ii.

There has not been any significant changes in accounting policies during the year ended 31 March 2021 and that the same have been

disclosed in the notes to the financial statements; and

iii.

There are no instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of the management

or an employee having a significant role in the Company’s internal control system over financial reporting.

Sd/-

Sd/-

Place: Bengaluru

K. Suraj Moraje

N. Ravi Vishwanath

Date: 3 June 2021: Managing

Managing Director and Group

CEO’s Message, CFO’s Message, Management discussion and

analysis including Financial performance highlights (also, including

segment wise performance), Board’s Report including annexures

to Board’s Report, Business Responsibility Report and Report

on Corporate Governance, but does not include the consolidated

financial statements, standalone financial statements and our

auditor’s report thereon.

•

Our opinion on the standalone financial statements does not

cover the other information and we do not express any form of

assurance conclusion thereon

•

In connection with our audit of the standalone financial

statements, our responsibility is to read the other information

and, in doing so, consider whether the other information

is materially inconsistent with the standalone financial

statements or our knowledge obtained during the course of our

audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

•

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that

there is a material misstatement of this other information, we

are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in

this regard.

Management’s Responsibility for the Standalone

Financial Statements

The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the matters

stated in section 134(5) of the Act with respect to the preparation

of these standalone financial statements that give a true and fair

view of the financial position, financial performance including

other comprehensive income, cash flows and changes in equity of

the Company in accordance with the Ind AS and other accounting

principles generally accepted in India. This responsibility also

includes maintenance of adequate accounting records in

accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets

of the Company and for preventing and detecting fraud and other

irregularities; selection and application of appropriate accounting

policies; making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and

prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance of adequate

internal financial controls, that were operating effectively for

ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records,

relevant to the preparation and presentation of the standalone

financial statements that give a true and fair view and are free from

material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the standalone financial statements, management is

responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a

going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going

concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless

management either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease

operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those Board of Directors are also responsible for overseeing the

Company’s financial reporting process.

Auditor’s Responsibility for the Audit of the Standalone

Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether

the standalone financial statements as a whole are free from

material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue

an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance

is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit:

Managing Director

Membership No.: 110815

DIN: 00087168

DIN: 08594844

N. Ravi Vishwanath

Kundan K. Lal

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No.: F8393

Place: Bengaluru

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 3 June 2021

Date: 3 June 2021:

Managing Director

DIN: 08594844

N. Ravi Vishwanath

Kundan K. Lal

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No.: F8393

Place: Bengaluru

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 3 June 2021

Date: 3 June 2021:

Managing Director

DIN: 08594844

N. Ravi Vishwanath

Kundan K. Lal

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No.: F8393

Place: Bengaluru

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 3 June 2021

Date: 3 June 2021:

Managing Director

DIN: 08594844

N. Ravi Vishwanath

Kundan K. Lal

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No.: F8393

Place: Bengaluru

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 3 June 2021

Date: 3 June 2021:

Managing Director (upto 31 March 2021)

Executive Chairman (w.e.f. 1 April 2021)

Subrata Kumar Nag

Executive Director & Chief Executive Officer (upto 31 March 2020)

K. Suraj Moraje

Executive Director (w.e.f. 4 November 2019)

Group Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director (w.e.f. 1 April 2020)

Group Chief Executive Officer and: Managing

Managing Director and Group

CEO’s Message, CFO’s Message, Management discussion and

analysis including Financial performance highlights (also, including

segment wise performance), Board’s Report including annexures

to Board’s Report, Business Responsibility Report and Report

on Corporate Governance, but does not include the consolidated

financial statements, standalone financial statements and our

auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover

the other information and we do not express any form of assurance

conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements,

our responsibility is to read the other information, compare with

the financial statements of the subsidiaries, joint venture company

and associates audited by the other auditors, to the extent it relates

to these entities and, in doing so, place reliance on the work of

the other auditors and consider whether the other information is

materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or

our knowledge obtained during the course of our audit or otherwise

appears to be materially misstated. Other information so far as it

relates to the subsidiaries, joint venture company and associates, is

traced from their financial statements audited by the other auditors.

If based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a

material misstatement of this other information, we are required to

report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Management’s Responsibility for the Consolidated

Financial Statements

The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the matters

stated in section 134(5) of the Act with respect to the preparation

of these consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair

view of the consolidated financial position, consolidated financial

performance including other comprehensive income, consolidated

cash flows and consolidated changes in equity of the Group including

its associates and joint venture company in accordance with the Ind

AS and other accounting principles generally accepted in India. The

respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group

and of its associates and joint venture company are responsible for

maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the

provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets of the Group and

its associates and its joint venture company and for preventing and

detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and application of

appropriate accounting policies; making judgements and estimates

that are reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation and

maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were

operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of

the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation

of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view

and are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or:

Managing Director

DIN: 08594844:

Managing Director

DIN: 08594844

For the year ended:

Managing Director

Membership No.: 110815

DIN: 00087168

DIN: 08594844

N. Ravi Vishwanath

Kundan K. Lal

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No.: F8393

Place: Bengaluru

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 3 June 2021

Date: 3 June 2021:

Managing Director

DIN: 08594844

N. Ravi Vishwanath

Kundan K. Lal

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No.: F8393

Place: Bengaluru

Place: Bengaluru

Date: 3 June 2021

Date: 3 June 2021

For the year ended

As at

Anand Subramanian

Partner

Membership No.: 110815:

Managing Director of the Company has been identified as the Chief Operating Decision Maker ("CODM") as

defined by Ind AS 108, Operating Segments. The CODM evaluates the Group’s performance and allocates resources based on an analysis of

various performance indicators by service offerings. Accordingly, segment information has been presented for service offerings.

Operating segment

The Group’s business is concentrated in various service offerings like temporary staffing services, executive search, contingency recruitment,

housekeeping and facility management services, food services, skill development and training services and accordingly primary segment

information is presented on the following service offerings:

Reportable segment

Workforce Management

It provides comprehensive staffing services and solutions including general staffing, IT

staffing, recruitment and executive search, recruitment process outsourcing as well as

payroll, compliance and background verification services, training and skill development,

logistic services.

Operating Asset Management

It provides services including janitorial services, security services, electro-mechanical

services, pest control, food and hospitality services, industrial operations and maintenance

services and related asset record maintenance services.

Global Technology Solutions

It provides BPO services, break fix services and technology solutions and products.

For the year ended:

Managing Director (upto 31 March 2021)

Executive Chairman (w.e.f. 1 April 2021)

Subrata Kumar Nag

Executive Director & Group Chief Executive Officer (upto 31 March 2020)

K. Suraj Moraje

Executive Director (w.e.f 4 November 2019)

Group Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director (w.e.f 1 April 2020)

Group Chief Executive Officer and: Managing

Managing Director and Group CEO of the Company

and revision of terms

To consider and if thought fit, to pass, with or without modification(s)

the following resolution as a Special Resolution::

Managing Director of the

Company in addition to his existing position as Group Chief Executive

Officer, and revision in the remuneration payable to him, by way of

salary, perquisites and allowances, performance incentive, etc., on

the terms and conditions as set out in the Explanatory Statement

pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 annexed to

the Notice convening this meeting, with effect from April 01, 2021

till the expiry of his current term of appointment, i.e, November

3, 2024, not liable to retire by rotation, with authority to the Board

of Directors to alter and vary the terms and conditions of such

appointment including remuneration and incremental thereof from

time to time, subject to the same not exceeding the limits specified

under the Act, based on the recommendation of Nomination and

Remuneration Committee.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in the event of any loss or inadequacy

of profits in any financial year during his tenure, the Company

shall pay him remuneration by way of salary, perquisites and other

allowances as specified in the explanatory statement in accordance

with the limits specified in Section II of Part II of Schedule V of the Act

(as amended from time to time), as minimum remuneration.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors (which term

shall be deemed to include any Committee of the Board constituted

to exercise its powers, including the powers conferred by this

Resolution) be and are hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds,

things and matters as may, in its absolute discretion, consider

necessary, proper, expedient, desirable or appropriate to give effect

to the aforesaid resolution.”

Item No. 7 – Approval for giving loans, making investments,

extending guarantees or securities under Section 185 of the

Companies Act, 2013

To consider and if thought fit, to pass, with or without modification(s)

the following resolution as a Special Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 185 of

the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) read with the Companies

(Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014 and other applicable

provisions, if any, of the Act (including any statutory modification(s),

amendment(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in

force) and the enabling provisions of the Memorandum and Articles

of Association of the Company, consent of the shareholders be

and is hereby accorded (which term shall be deemed to include

any Committee of the Board constituted to exercise its powers,

including the powers conferred by this resolution) to advance any

loan including any loan represented by a book debt, or give any

guarantee or provide any security in connection with any loan taken

by any entity which is a subsidiary or associate or joint venture of

the Company or any other person in whom any of the Directors

of the Company is interested/deemed to be interested, upto an

aggregate sum of H 2,000 million (Rupees Two Thousand Million

Only) individually by any entity, from time to time, in their absolute

discretion deem beneficial and in the interest of the Company,

provided that such loans are utilized by the subsidiary or associate

or joint venture of the Company for its principal business activities.”

“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to the

aforesaid resolution the Board/Committee of the Company be and is

hereby authorized, to approve, decide, vary or modify the terms and

conditions applicable for the aforesaid loan, investment, guarantee

and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as they may, in

their absolute discretion deem necessary, desirable or expedient

and things in connection therewith and incidental thereto as the

Board in its absolute discretion deem fit without being required to

seek any further consent or approval of the members or otherwise

to the end and intent that they shall be deemed to have given their

approval thereto expressly by the authority of this resolution.”

By Order of the Board of Directors of

Quess Corp Limited

Sd/-

Date: 3 June 2021

Kundan K Lal

Place: Bengaluru

Company Secretary and Compliance Officer:

letter duly signed. Link Intime will verify

the documents uploaded and will only take on record all valid

cases. On submission of the shareholder’s details, an OTP will

be received by the shareholder which needs to be entered in

the link for verification.

VOTING THROUGH ELECTRONIC MEANS

I.

Pursuant to Circular No. 14/2020 dated April 8, 2020, issued by

the MCA, the facility to appoint a proxy to attend and cast vote for

the members is not available for this AGM. However, the Body

Corporate is entitled to appoint authorized representatives to

attend the AGM through VC/OAVM and participate thereat and

cast their votes through e-voting.:

letter).

▶

Click “confirm” (Your password is now generated).

2. Click on ‘Login’ under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab.

3. Enter your User ID, Password and Image Verification (CAPTCHA) Code and click on ‘Submit’.

4. After successful login, you will be able to see the notification for e-voting. Select ‘View’ icon.

5. E-voting page will appear.

6. Refer the Resolution description and cast your vote by selecting your desired option ‘Favour /

Against’ (If you wish to view the entire Resolution details, click on the ‘View Resolution’ file link).

7. After selecting the desired option i.e. Favour/Against, click on ‘Submit’. A confirmation box will

be displayed. If you wish to confirm your vote, click on ‘Yes’, else to change your vote, click on

‘No’ and accordingly modify your vote.:

letter/power of attorney, etc. together with attested

specimen signature of the duly authorized representative(s) in PDF

format in the ‘Custodian/Mutual Fund/ Corporate Body’ login for the

Scrutinizer to verify the same.

Individual Shareholders holding securities in Physical mode

& e-voting service Provider is LINKINTIME, have forgotten the

password:

•

Click on ‘Login’ under the ‘SHAREHOLDER’ tab and further

Click ‘forgot password?’

•

Enter User ID, select Mode and Enter Image Verification

(CAPTCHA) Code and Click on ‘Submit’.

•

In case shareholders/members are having a valid email

address, Password will be sent to his/her registered e-mail

address.

•

Shareholders/members can set the password of his/her

choice by providing the information about the particulars of the

Security Question and Answer, PAN, DOB/DOI, Bank Account

Number (last four digits) etc. as mentioned above.

•

The password should contain minimum 8 characters, at least

one special character (@!#$&*), at least one numeral, at least

one alphabet and at least one capital: letter.

Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode with

NSDL/ CDSL have forgotten the password:

•

Shareholders/members who are unable to retrieve User

ID/Password are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget

Password option available at the abovementioned depository/

depository participants’ website.

•

It is strongly recommended not to share your password with

any other person and take utmost care to keep your password

confidential.

•

For shareholders/members holding shares in physical form,

the details can be used only for voting on the resolutions

contained in this Notice.

•

During the voting period, shareholders/members can login any

number of times till they have voted on the resolution(s) for a

particular “Event”.

Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in

demat mode:

In case shareholders/members holding securities in demat mode

have any technical issues related to login through Depository i.e.

NSDL/CDSL, they may contact the respective helpdesk given below:

Login type

Helpdesk details

Individual Shareholders holding

securities in demat mode with NSDL

Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at

evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at toll-free no.: 1800 1020 990 and 1800 22 44 30

Individual Shareholders holding

securities in demat mode with CDSL

Members facing any technical issue in login can contact the CDSL helpdesk by sending a request

at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at 022- 23058738 or 22-23058542-43.

Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in

physical mode/ Institutional shareholders & e-voting service

Provider is LIIPL.

In case shareholders/members holding securities in physical mode/

Institutional shareholders have any queries regarding e-voting, they

may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (“FAQs”) and InstaVote

e-Voting manual available at https://instavote.linkintime.co.in,

under Help section or send an email to enotices@linkintime.co.in or

contact on - Tel: 022–4918 6000.

INSTRUCTIONS FOR SHAREHOLDERS/MEMBERS TO

ATTEND THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING THROUGH

INSTAMEET:

•

Shareholders/Members are entitled to attend the AGM through

VC/OAVM provided by Link Intime by following the below-

mentioned process. Facility for joining the AGM through VC/

OAVM shall open 15 minutes before the time scheduled for the

AGM and will be available to the Members on a first come first

serve basis.

•

Shareholders/Members are requested to participate on a

first come first serve basis as participation through VC/OAVM

is limited and will be closed on expiry of 15 (fifteen) minutes

from the scheduled time of the AGM. Shareholders/Members

with ≥ 2% shareholding, Promoters, Institutional Investors,

Managing Director of the Company for a period of five

years with effect from January 24, 2018 up to January 23, 2023,

on such terms and conditions as mentioned in his Employment

Agreement and remuneration, as set out in the explanatory

statement relating to the aforesaid resolution.

During

2018,

the

Kotak

Committee

has

made

various

recommendations on Corporate Governance which has led to change

in the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), with the primary

objective of improving standard of corporate governance of listed

companies in India.

One among such recommendations was to separate the position of

Chairperson (non-executive) and MD/CEO, which is applicable to all

companies who are featuring in top 500 listed entities, and effective

from April 1, 2020. However, during January 2020 the SEBI has

deferred this compliance timeline by 2 years to April 1, 2022.

In view of the above and on the basis of the recommendation of

the Nomination and Remuneration Committee (“NRC”), the Board

of Directors at its Meeting held on March 1, 2021 re-designated

Mr. Ajit from “Chairman &: Managing Director” to

Managing Director and Group Chief Executive Officer” of the

Company with effect from April 01, 2021 till the expiry of his current

term of appointment, i.e., November 3, 2024, not liable to retire by

rotation.

Pursuant to Sections 196, 197, 198 read with Schedule V to the Act,

and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Act and relevant rules

made thereunder, and other applicable enactments, as amended

from time to time and based on the recommendations of the NRC,

a Company having inadequate/no profits, may subject to certain

conditions including the passing of a special resolution, pay such

remuneration to its managerial personnel as may be decided by the

Board of Directors.

Further, based on the recommendations made by NRC, the Board

of Directors in its meeting held on June 3, 2021 has revised the

remuneration by 8.13 % per annum by way of salary, perquisites

and allowances, performance incentive, etc. with effect from April

1, 2021.

The principal terms and conditions relating to his terms of

remuneration and the main clauses of the agreement executed

between him and the Company are as follows:

A.

Remuneration and perquisites:

i.

Total Fixed Cost to the Company per annum: H 2,16,26,000

per annum (Includes Basic, HRA, Special Allowance, PF

Contribution and flexi benefits).

ii.

Any increments in remuneration shall be decided by the Board

based on the recommendations of the NRC on the basis of his

performance parameters taking into account the Company’s

performance, within the Schedule V of the Act.

iii.

In addition to Salary, Benefits, Perquisites and Allowances, he

would be paid target Variable Compensation of H 1,08,13,000

per annum which will be based on actual performance

and prevailing company policy, business and/or individual

performance or any incentive program/policies that will be put

in place in line with the employment agreement. The frequency

of this variable pay may be Annual or Bi-Annual as may be

determined by the Board of Directors on recommendation of

the NRC, subject to the overall ceilings stipulated in Section 197

of the Act.

iv.

In addition to the above, he will also be entitled to the Company

maintained car and eligible to other benefits as per the policies

of the Company.

v.

An indicative list of factors that may be considered for

determining

of

the

extent

of

commission/incentive

remuneration by the Board as recommended by the NRC are:

•

Company performance on certain defined qualitative and

quantitative parameters as may be decided by the Board

from time to time.

•

Industry benchmarks of remuneration.

•

Performance of the individual

vi.

Mr. Suraj has been granted 737,500 RSUs on 12 May 2020 and

the members had approved his remuneration including grant of

RSUs in the 13th AGM of the Company. 66,375 RSUs are vested

as on 11 May 2021 under Quess Stock Ownership Plan- 2020

as per the performance criteria decided by the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee.

B.

Minimum Remuneration:

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein contained,

wherein any financial year during his tenure, the Company

has no profits or its profits are inadequate, the Company will

pay remuneration by way of Salary, Benefits, Perquisites,

Allowances and Commission subject to the approval of the

Board within the ceiling approved by the shareholders and

limits laid down under Section II of Part II of Schedule V of the

Act, or any modification(s) thereto.

C.

Insurance:

The Company has taken an appropriate Directors’ and Officers’

Liability Insurance Policy and pays the premiums for the same.

It is intended to maintain such insurance cover for the entire

term, subject to the terms of such policy in force, from time to

time.

D.

Other terms and conditions:

i.

All other terms and conditions of appointment as specified

in the employment agreement executed by the Company

with Mr. Suraj will remain unchanged.:

Managing Director at Hamblin Watsa Investment Counsel. He has

leadership experience in handling financial management of various enterprises.

He has an incisive ability to identify as well as address resolutions at

organizations exposed to financial and business risks including exposure to

legal and regulatory vagaries. Mr. Soundarajan also brings with him immense

experience in corporate business strategy and capital allocation, a knowledge

so useful in today’s environment where maximization of shareholder value is of

utmost concern.:

