Managing Director’s Communique

Enhancing efficiencies, bolstering growth

Poised for robust growth

FY 2023 has been particularly

transformative, given the success we

have had in premiumising our product

portfolio and growing globally.

In the year under review, the company

recorded an all-time high revenue of

H 14,352 crore, up 54% YoY and driven

by strong growth from the export of

conductors and cables. All three major

business verticals recorded their highest

year in sales. EBITDA increased 130%

YoY to reach H 1,320 crore due to

higher margins in conventional and

premium conductors and an increase in

cable volume.

The conductor business witnessed robust

performance in FY 2023 with volumes

at 1,60,131 MT, driving 67% revenue

growth to H 7,013 crore. The EBITDA

per MT post forex adjustments came

in at H 44,114 which is over 2.5 times

compared to last year. The total order

book for conductors stood at H 5,124

crore as of March 31, 2023, with a new

order inflow of H 7,779 crore, recording

a surge of 44% YoY. The export revenue

of the conductor division grew by 126%

YoY, contributing to 51% of the division’s

overall revenues. The conductor division

has seen a transformational journey

over the past decade, premiumising its

product offerings and reaping the fruits

of investments made in R&D and product

development. We are optimistic that

committed investment in the T&D sector,

coupled with increased renewable

energy projects in the pipeline will

become key demand drivers for the

company’s conductor business over the

coming years.

During FY 2023, the cable business

became the number one exporter in

cables and wires segment from India,

with export contributing to 52% to overall

division revenue. The cables division

saw some of the strategic initiatives

yielding results, with 64% YoY growth

in revenue to H 3,263 crore, led by

a significant increase in elastomeric

products and exports. EBITDA post

forex adjustment is at H 344 crore, up

225% YoY with a margin of 10.5%. The

macro environment in terms of push

towards renewables, spendings on

infrastructure in power and mobility and

the current geo-political situation opens

opportunities for our cable business

which is expected to see strong demand

in coming years.

The oil business also had its highest

revenue with a growth of 31% YoY driven

by base oil prices and volume growth.

The EBITDA per KL post forex adjustment

came in at H 4,781 in line with our

threshold margin. One-third of the oil

division revenue comes from transformer

oil which is expected to benefit due

to increase in infra-related spends and

transmission lines globally. We export to

100+ countries and the focus will be on

per unit profitability versus total volumes.

Focused Growth

Our growth story is a consequence of

several strategic factors including a

diversified revenue base, appropriate

Capital investments, strong cost controls,

continuous investment in R&D activities

and our proximity to customers. Our

philosophy of delivering tomorrow’s

solutions today has been manifested in

the launch of the right mix of innovative

products that help our customers grow

their businesses more effectively. The

company’s strategy of designing and

manufacturing products for the global

markets also paid rich dividends as

we were able to expand our presence

internationally and become the largest

exporter from India of conductors,

cables, and transformer oils.

Embedding ESG in our DNA

At APAR, we are tackling climate change

with company-wide action in all our

manufacturing processes, generation of

renewal energy to reduce hydrocarbon-

based power, and the recycling, reuse,

and recharge of water at all our plants.

We have also designed and marketed

products that are not only manufactured

with less carbon intensity, but also deliver

power savings, longer life, and higher

biodegradability.

Besides maximizing rooftop solar

installations in our facilities, we

have taken one more step towards

augmenting green energy by successfully

commissioning a wind-solar hybrid

(3.30 MW wind turbine and 2.80 MWp

of solar energy) project in partnership

with a leading supplier. This project is

expected to generate 15 million units

annually, thereby increasing the share of

renewable energy to 14% of our overall

electricity mix.

It gives me immense pride to share

that APAR is the first Indian company

to release the Environment Product

Declaration and Certification (EPD)

for AL59 conductors. This document

transparently communicates the carbon

emissions through the entire life cycle

of products. As the world’s largest

Aluminium and alloy manufacturer,

APAR is committed to taking the lead in

responsible manufacturing.

Powered to Excel

In conclusion, I would like to reiterate

that APAR is well positioned in the

markets globally where we see growth

– from the addition of renewable

energy, infrastructure expansion in

T&D, mobility in the form of new metro

railways, locomotives, coaches, electric

vehicles, mechanization of agriculture

in India and developing markets and

finally the growth in telecommunication

and data transmission infrastructure. In

each of these segments we have globally

approved products. What should benefit

the company is that these growth drivers

are fundamental to the new world as the

current state is being transformed and will

last the better part of the coming decade.

I wish to express my heartfelt gratitude

towards all our stakeholders: our

shareholders, employees, customers,

bankers, and regulatory authorities all

over the world for their unwavering

faith and support. We sincerely commit

to building a business which delivers

products and services which are Better,

Faster, Cheaper and Greener.

Yours Sincerely,

Kushal Desai: Dear Shareholders,

I am happy to present

to your Company’s

Annual Report for FY

2023.

FY 2022 saw India battling strong

economic headwinds with synchronised

fiscal policy measures, and a series

of counter mechanisms to mitigate

financial stress. Following the COVID 19

led economic disruptions, businesses

have slowly started to bounce back to

normalcy in FY 2023. In the face of a

testing global economy, we at APAR

have managed to grow with agility, from

innovative new product introductions,

focused execution, improved operational

efficiencies and market share gains.

All our business divisions have been

proactive in developing products and

services which are relevant in today’s

markets guided by solutions to problems

that our clients face. We continue to

build at APAR responsible products and

services that makes for a better world –

as we live up to our motto of ‘Tomorrow’s

solutions today.’

Our philosophy of delivering

tomorrow’s solutions today has been

manifested in the launch of the right

mix of innovative products that help

our customers grow their businesses

more effectively.

APAR Industries Limited

Annual Report 2022-23

43

Company Overview |

Managing Director (Executive)

Mrs.Nina Kapasi

Independent Director (Non Executive)

Mr. F. B.Virani

Independent Director (Non Executive) upto November 3, 2022

Mr. C. N. Desai: Managing Director (Executive)

Mr. Rajesh Sehgal

Independent Director (Non Executive)

Mr. Kaushal J. Sampat

Independent Director (Non Executive)

Mr. Rishabh K. Desai

Non Executive and Non Independent Director

Statutory Auditors

Bankers

Registered Office

Corporate Office

Registrar & Share Transfer Agent

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

M/s. C N K & Associates LLP

Chartered Accountants, Mumbai

Union Bank of India

IDBI Bank Limited

Axis Bank Ltd.

YES Bank Limited

RBL Bank Ltd.

Emirates NBD Bank (P.J.S.C)

301, Panorama Complex,

R. C. Dutt Road, Vadodara,

- 390 007 (Gujarat), India.

Tel: (+91) (0265) 6178700/709,

2339906,

E-mail: com.sec@apar.com

Website: www.apar.com

CIN: L91110GJ1989PLC012802

APAR House, Bldg. No. 4&5,

Corporate Park,

Sion – Trombay Road, Chembur,

Mumbai – 400 071 (Maharashtra), India.

Tel : (+91) (022) 25263400, 67800400

Fax : (+91) (022) 25246326

E-mail: corporate@apar.com

Website: www.apar.com

M/s. Link Intime India Private Limited

B-102 & 103, Shangrila Complex, First Floor,

Opp. HDFC Bank, Near Radhakrishna Char Rasta,

Akota, Vadodara – 390 020, Gujarat, India.

Tel: (+91) (0265) 6136000

E-mail : vadodara@linkintime.co.in

Website: www.linkintime.co.in

CIN: U67190MH1999PTC118368

Mr. Ramesh Seshan Iyer

Mr. Sanjaya Kunder

Board Committees

Audit Committee

Corporate Social

Responsibility

Committee

Nomination and

Compensation-

cum-Remuneration

Committee

Share Transfer &

Shareholders Grievance-

cum-Stakeholders

Relationship Committee

Risk Management

Committee

Mrs. Nina Kapasi -

Chairperson

Mr. Kushal N. Desai -

letter to the Company at its registered email

address to com.sec@apar.com or upload on the VC portal

/ e-voting portal.

5. Participation of members through VC will be reckoned for

the purpose of quorum for the AGM as per Section 103 of

the Act.

6. The Company has fixed Friday, August 04, 2023 as Cut-off-

date (Record Date) for determining entitlement for remote

e-voting as well as e-voting of shareholders holding shares

in physical or dematerialized form.

7. The Register of Members and Share Transfer Books for the

Equity Shares of the Company shall remain closed from

Saturday, August 05, 2023 to Friday, August 11, 2023 both

days inclusive, in connection with the AGM and for the

purpose of payment of dividend, if declared / approved at

the Meeting.

The dividend of H 40/- per fully paid-up equity share of

H 10/- each, if approved by the Members at the AGM, will

be paid subject to the deduction of income-tax at source

(‘TDS’).

8. Members holding shares in electronic form may note that

bank particulars registered against their depository accounts

will be used by the Company for payment of dividend.

The Company or its Registrar and Share Transfer Agent,

Link Intime India Private Limited (Registrar), cannot act on

any request received directly from the members holding

shares in electronic form for any change of bank particulars

or bank mandates. Such changes are to be advised only

to the Depository Participant (DP) of the members with

whom they are maintaining their demat accounts. Members

holding shares in physical form are requested to advise any

change in their address or bank mandates immediately to

the Company / Registrar.

9. Members are requested to note that the Company’s equity

shares are under compulsory demat trading for all class of

investors, as per the provisions of the SEBI Circular dated

May 29, 2000. Members are therefore advised in their

own interest to dematerialise their physical shareholding

to avoid inconvenience and for better servicing by the

Company.

10. In accordance with Regulation 40 of the SEBI Listing

Regulations, as amended, the Company had stopped

accepting any fresh transfer requests for securities held in

physical form. Members holding shares of the Company

in physical form are requested to kindly get their shares

converted into demat/electronic form to get inherent benefits

of dematerialization. Members may please note that SEBI

vide its Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/

APAR Industries Limited

Annual Report 2022-23

56

57

Company Overview | Directors Reports | Financial Statements:

letter etc.

together with attested specimen signature

of the duly authorized signatory who are

authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer and to

the Company at the email address viz.; com.

sec@apar.com (designated email address by

company), if they have voted from individual

tab & not uploaded same in the CDSL e-voting

system for the scrutinizer to verify the same.

INSTRUCTIONS FOR SHAREHOLDERS ATTENDING

THE AGM/EGM THROUGH VC/OAVM & E-VOTING

DURING MEETING ARE AS UNDER:

1.

The procedure for attending meeting & e-Voting on the day

of the AGM is same as the instructions mentioned above

for e-voting.

2. The link for VC/OAVM to attend meeting will be available

where the EVSN of Company will be displayed after

successful login as per the instructions mentioned above

for e-voting.

3. Shareholders who have voted through Remote e-Voting will

be eligible to attend the meeting. However, they will not be

eligible to vote at the AGM.

4. Shareholders are encouraged to join the Meeting through

Laptops / IPads for better experience.

5. Further shareholders will be required to allow Camera and

use Internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance

during the meeting.

6. Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile

Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via

Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss due

to Fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore

recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to

mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.

7.

Shareholders who would like to express their views/ask

questions during the meeting may register themselves as a

speaker by sending their request from their registered email

address mentioning their name, demat account number/

folio number, mobile number to the Company at com.sec@

apar.com from Monday, August 07, 2023 to Wednesday,

August 09, 2023. The shareholders who do not wish to

speak during the AGM but have queries may send their

queries at least one week in advance prior to date of

AGM mentioning their name, demat account number/folio

number, email id, mobile number at com.sec@apar.com.

These queries will be replied by the company suitably by

email.

8. Those shareholders who have registered themselves as

a speaker will only be allowed to express their views/ask

questions during the meeting.

9. Only those shareholders, who are present in the AGM

through VC/OAVM facility and have not casted their

vote on the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are

otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to

vote through e-Voting system available during the AGM.

10. If any Votes are cast by the shareholders through the

e-voting available during the AGM and if the same

shareholders have not participated in the meeting

through VC/OAVM facility, then the votes cast by such

shareholders may be considered invalid as the facility

of e-voting during the meeting is available only to the

shareholders attending the meeting.

PROCESS FOR THOSE SHAREHOLDERS WHOSE

EMAIL/MOBILE NO. ARE NOT REGISTERED WITH

THE COMPANY/DEPOSITORIES.

1.

For Physical shareholders - Please provide necessary

details like Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy

of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self-attested

scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested

scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to Company/RTA

email id.

2. For Demat shareholders - Please update your email id &

mobile no. with your respective Depository Participant

(DP).

3. For Individual Demat shareholders – Please update your

email id & mobile no. with your respective Depository

Participant (DP) which is mandatory while e-Voting &

joining virtual meetings through Depository.

c. Shareholders holding shares in Physical Form should enter Folio Number registered with the Company.

4) Next enter the Image Verification as displayed and Click on Login.

5) If you are holding shares in demat form and had logged on to www.evotingindia.com and voted on an earlier

e-voting of any company, then your existing password is to be used.

6) If you are a first-time user follow the steps given below:

For Physical shareholders and other than individual shareholders holding shares

in Demat.

PAN

Enter your 10 digit alpha-numeric PAN issued by Income Tax Department (Applicable for

both demat shareholders as well as physical shareholders)

Shareholders who have not updated their PAN with the Company/Depository

Participant are requested to use the sequence number sent by Company/RTA or

contact Company/RTA.

Dividend Bank

Details OR Date of

Birth (DOB)

Enter the Dividend Bank Details or Date of Birth (in dd/mm/yyyy format) as recorded in

your demat account or in the company records in order to login.

If both the details are not recorded with the depository or company, please enter the

member id / folio number in the Dividend Bank details field.

(vi) After entering these details appropriately, click on

“SUBMIT” tab.

(vii) Shareholders holding shares in physical form will

then directly reach the Company selection screen.

However, shareholders holding shares in demat

form will now reach ‘Password Creation’ menu

wherein they are required to mandatorily enter

their login password in the new password field.

Kindly note that this password is to be also used by

the demat holders for voting for resolutions of any

other company on which they are eligible to vote,

provided that company opts for e-voting through

CDSL platform. It is strongly recommended not

to share your password with any other person

and take utmost care to keep your password

confidential.

(viii) For shareholders holding shares in physical

form, the details can be used only for e-voting on

the resolutions contained in this Notice.

(ix) Click on the EVSN of APAR Industries Limited on

which you choose to vote.

(x) On the voting page, you will see “RESOLUTION

DESCRIPTION” and against the same the option

“YES/NO” for voting. Select the option YES or

NO as desired. The option YES implies that you

assent to the Resolution and option NO implies

that you dissent to the Resolution.

(xi) Click on the “RESOLUTIONS FILE LINK” if you

wish to view the entire Resolution details.

(xii) After selecting the resolution, you have decided

to vote on, click on “SUBMIT”. A confirmation box

will be displayed. If you wish to confirm your vote,

click on “OK”, else to change your vote, click on

“CANCEL” and accordingly modify your vote.

(xiii) Once you “CONFIRM” your vote on the resolution,

you will not be allowed to modify your vote.

(xiv) You can also take a print of the votes cast by

clicking on “Click here to print” option on the

Voting page.

(xv) If a demat account holder has forgotten the login

password then Enter the User ID and the image

verification code and click on Forgot Password &

enter the details as prompted by the system.

(xvi) There is also an optional provision to upload

BR/POA if any uploaded, which will be made

available to scrutinizer for verification.

(xvii) Additional Facility for Non – Individual

Shareholders and Custodians –For Remote Voting

only.

Non-Individual shareholders (i.e. other than

Individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) and Custodians are

required to log on to www.evotingindia.com

and register themselves in the “Corporates”

module.

A scanned copy of the Registration Form

bearing the stamp and sign of the entity

should be emailed to helpdesk.evoting@

cdslindia.com.

APAR Industries Limited

Annual Report 2022-23

62

63

Company Overview | Directors Reports | Financial Statements:

Managing Director and one of the Promoters of AIL.

He joined AIL in 1993. He is a Chemical Engineer from University of Pennsylvania

and a Bachelor of Science in Economics from the Wharton Business School,

University of Pennsylvania, USA. He started his career in the Polymer Division of AIL

which had a technical collaboration with Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, USA.

He turned around this business and ran it successfully for 15 years till it was sold off

to a European MNC.

Expertise in specific functional areas

Business & Strategic Management and Engineering

Experience

29 years

Directorship held in other Listed

Companies as on March 31, 2023.

None

Chairmanship / Membership of Committee

held in other Listed Companies as on

March 31, 2023.

(along with listed entities from which the

person has resigned in the past three years)

None

Number of Equity Shares held in the

Company as on March 31, 2023.

91,24,185

(23.842%)

Relationship with other directors and Key

Managerial Personnel of APAR Industries

Limited

Related to –

Mr. Kushal N. Desai, (Brother) and Mr. Rishabh K. Desai (Nephew)

Number of Board Meetings attended

during the Financial Year 2022 -23.

5

Terms and Conditions of Appointment /

Re-appointment

Mr. Chaitanya N. Desai has been re-appointed as: Managing

Managing Director, Mr. Ramesh Seshan Iyer, Chief

Financial Officer and Mr. Sanjaya Kunder, Company

Secretary are the Key Managerial Personnel of the

Company.

12. MEETINGS

During the year, five Board Meetings and four Audit

Committee Meetings were convened and held. All the

Meetings were held through Video Conferencing as

permitted by the Law. The intervening gap between the

Meetings was within the period prescribed under the Act.

The details of these Meetings, including of other committee

meetings, with regard to their dates and attendance of each

of the Directors thereat, have been set out in the Report on

Corporate Governance.

13. DECLARATION BY INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS

Mr. Rajesh Sehgal, Mrs. Nina Kapasi and Mr. Kaushal J.

Sampat were the Independent Directors (Non-Executive) of

the Company as on March 31, 2023.

The Company has received necessary declarations from all

the Independent Directors of the Company confirming that

they meet the criteria of independence prescribed under

the Act and the Listing Regulations.

14. BOARD EVALUATION

Pursuant to the provisions of the Act and the Listing

Regulations, the Board has carried out an annual

performance evaluation of its own performance, the

directors individually as well as the evaluation of the working

of its Audit Committee, Nomination and Compensation-

cum-Remuneration

Committee,

Corporate

Social

Responsibility Committee, Risk Management Committee

and Share Transfer and Shareholders Grievance-cum-

Stakeholders Relationship Committee. The manner in which

the evaluation has been carried out, has been explained in

the Corporate Governance Report.

15. DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT

To the best of their knowledge and belief and according to

the information and explanations obtained by them, your

Directors make the following statements in terms of Section

134(3)(c) of the Act:

i.

that in the preparation of the Annual Financial

Statements for the Financial Year ended March 31,

2023, the applicable accounting standards have been

followed along with proper explanation relating to

material departures, if any.

ii. that such accounting policies as mentioned in Note

1 of the Notes to the Financial Statements have been

selected and applied consistently and judgments and

estimates have been made that are reasonable and

prudent so as to give a true and fair view of the state

of affairs of the Company as at March 31, 2023 and of

the Profit of the Company for the period ended on that

date.

iii. that proper and sufficient care has been taken for

the maintenance of adequate accounting records

in accordance with the provisions of the Act, for

safeguarding the assets of the Company and for

preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities.

iv. that the annual accounts have been prepared on a

going concern basis.

v.

that proper internal financial controls were in place

and that the financial controls were adequate and were

operating effectively.

vi. that systems to ensure compliance with the provisions

of all applicable laws were devised and in place and

were adequate and operating effectively.

16. REMUNERATION POLICY

The Board has, on the recommendation of Nomination

and Compensation-cum-Remuneration Committee framed

a policy for selection and appointment of Directors, Senior

Management and their remuneration. The Remuneration

Policy is stated in the Corporate Governance Report.

Particulars of information as per Section 197 of the Act

read with Rule 5(2) of The Companies (Appointment and

Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, a

3. APAR Transmission & Distribution Projects Private Limited

(ATDPPL) – Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Company,

4. APAR Distribution & Logistics Private Limited – Wholly

Owned Subsidiary of the Company,

5. Cema Wires & Cables Inc.*, USA., Wholly Owned

Subsidiary of the Company,

6. Ampoil Apar Lubricants Private Limited – Associate of

the Company with 40% stake along with PPS Motors

Private Limited and Others.

7.

Clean Max Rudra Private Limited – Associate of the

Company with 26% stake.

* Not consolidated as there are no operations till March 31, 2023

The Company has not attached the Balance Sheet, statement

of profit & loss and other related documents of its five

Subsidiaries and two Associates. As per the provisions of

Section 129(3) read with Section 136 of the Companies

Act, 2013, a statement containing brief financial details

of the Subsidiaries and Associate for the Financial Year

ended March 31, 2023 in Form AOC – 1 is included

in the annual report and shall form part of this report

as “Annexure VIII”. The annual accounts of the said

Subsidiaries and Associate and other related information

will be made available to any member of the Company

seeking such information at any point of time and are also

available for inspection by any member of the Company at

the registered office of the Company.

Further, pursuant to provisions of Section 136 of the Act,

the financial statements, including Consolidated Financial

Statements of the Company along with relevant documents

and separate audited accounts in respect of Subsidiaries

and Associate, are available on the website of the Company

at www.apar.com.

The Company has incorporated a new Wholly Owned

Subsidiary Company, in the form of C- Corporation entity,

in the name of CEMA WIRES & CABLES INC. having

registered office situated at 251 Little Falls Drive, in the City

of Wilmington, County of New Castle, 19808 in the State

of Delaware, on April 26, 2022, interalia for carrying out

the trading business in Cable & Wires and other products

including warehousing / storing activities.

8. SIGNIFICANT

AND

MATERIAL

ORDERS

PASSED BY THE REGULATORS OR COURTS

There are no significant and material orders passed during

the year by the regulators or courts or tribunals impacting

the going concern status of the Company and operations of

the Company in future.

9. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Your Company believes in conducting its affairs in a fair,

transparent and professional manner and maintaining the

good ethical standards, transparency and accountability

in its dealings with all its constituents. As required under

the Listing Regulations, a detailed report on Corporate

Governance along with the Auditors’ Certificate thereon

forms part of this report as “Annexure – V”.

10. BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY & SUSTAINABILITY

REPORT (BRSR)

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (BRSR)

as stipulated under Regulation 34(2)(f) of the Listing

Regulations forms a part of this Annual Report as

“Annexure – VI”.

11. MANAGEMENT

-

DIRECTORS

AND

KEY

MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL

DIRECTORS:

Resignation:

During the year under review, Mr. Fatehchand B. Virani

(DIN : 00062278), an Independent Director (Non-

Executive) of the Company, vide his: letter dated September

8, 2022 expressed his inability to continue as Director

of the Company due to his advancing age and certain

personal commitment / pressing engagements and

accordingly, tendered his resignation as an Independent

Director (Non-Executive) of the Company and consequently

as a

Managing Director of the Company receives any

remuneration or commission from any of its subsidiaries.

4) The Company has in place the Policy on Prevention of

Sexual Harassment at Workplace (POSH) in line with

the requirements of Sexual Harassment of Women at

Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal)

Act, 2013. Internal Complaints Committee (ICC) has

been set up to redress complaints regarding sexual

harassment. There were no complaints registered

during the Financial Year 2022-23 under review.

5) There has been no change in the nature of business of

the Company.

6) There is no proceeding pending under the Insolvency

and Bankruptcy Code, 2016.

7) There was no instance of one time settlement with any

Bank or Financial Institution.

31. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

Your Directors wish to place on record their sincere

appreciation for the continuous cooperation, support

and assistance provided by all stakeholders, financial

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Sd/-

Kushal N. Desai

Place: Mumbai

Chairman &: Managing

Letter of even date which is annexed and forms an integral part of this report.

For H. M. Mehta & Associates

Company Secretaries

Sd/-

Hemang Mehta

Proprietor

FCS No.: 4965

C. P. No.: 2554

Date: May 08, 2023

Peer Review No.: 1184/2021

Place: Vadodara

UDIN: F004965E000271693

SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

For the Financial Year ended March 31, 2023

[Pursuant to section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No. 9 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of

Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]

To,

The Members,

APAR Industries Limited,

301, Panorama Complex,

R. C. Dutt Road,

Vadodara-390007,

Gujarat, India.

We have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate

practices adopted by APAR Industries Limited having Corporate Identification Number (CIN): L91110GJ1989PLC012802

(hereinafter called “the Company”). Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating

the corporate conducts / statutory compliances and expressing our opinion thereon.

Based on our verification of the Company’s books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained

by the Company and also the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorized representatives during the

conduct of secretarial audit, we hereby report that in our opinion, the Company has, during the audit period covering the Financial

Year ended on March 31, 2023, complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper

Board processes and compliance mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:

We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the Company for the

Financial Year ended on March 31, 2023 according to the provisions of:

(i) The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the rules made there under;

(ii) The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (SCRA) and the rules made thereunder;

(iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws framed thereunder;

(iv) The Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign Direct

Investment (FDI), Overseas Direct Investment (ODI) and External Commercial Borrowings (ECB);

(v) The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (SEBI Act):

a) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as

amended from time to time;

b) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018; - Not

Applicable during the audit period

c)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;

d) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018; - Not Applicable during the audit

period

e) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014 and Securities and

Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021;

f)

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible Securities) Regulations, 2021; - Not

Applicable during the audit period

ANNEXURE - I TO THE DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Form No. MR-3

APAR Industries Limited

Annual Report 2022-23

82

83

Company Overview | Directors Reports | Financial Statements:

Managing Director

4

4

4.

Mrs. Nina Kapasi (w.e.f.

03.11.2022)

Independent Director

(Non-Executive)

4

1

3. Provide the web-link where Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by

the board are disclosed on the website of the company.

For CSR Committee: https://apar.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/Composition_of_Board_and_Committees_of_APAR.PDF

For CSR Policy: https://apar.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/09/CSR-Policy_R.pdf

For CSR Projects: https://apar.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/06/APAR_CSR_Annual_Action%20Plan_FY_2022-23.pdf

For H. M. Mehta & Associates

Company Secretaries

Sd/-

Hemang Mehta

Proprietor

FCS No.: 4965

C. P. No.: 2554

Date: May 08, 2023

Peer Review No.: 1184/2021

Place: Vadodara

UDIN: F004965E000271693

To,

The Members,

APAR Industries Limited,

301, Panorama Complex,

R. C. Dutt Road,

Vadodara-390007,

Gujarat, India.

Our Secretarial Audit Report of even date is to be read along with this: letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an

opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2. We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness

of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on the random test basis to ensure that correct facts are

reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our

opinion.

3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company since the

same have been subject to review by the Statutory Auditors and other designated professionals.

4. Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and

happening of events etc.

5. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of

management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on random test basis.

6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness

with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

APAR Industries Limited

Annual Report 2022-23

84

85

Company Overview |

Managing Director

116%

147.86:1

2.

Mr. Chaitanya N. Desai,: Managing Director

114%

148.51:1

3.

Mr. F. B. Virani, Independent Director - Upto

03.11.2022

-32%

0.41:1

4.

Mr. Rajesh Sehgal, Independent Director

16%

0.59:1

5.

Mrs. Nina Kapasi, Independent Director

16%

0.59:1

6.

Mr. Rishabh K. Desai, Non Executive –Non

Independent Director

25%

0.32:1

7.

Mr. Kaushal J. Sampat, Independent Director w.e.f.

31.01.2022

422%

0.43:1

8.

Mr. Ramesh S. Iyer, Chief Financial Officer w.e.f.

03.02.2022

NA

9.

Mr. Sanjaya R. Kunder, Company Secretary

8.09%

Notes:

1. Independent Directors and Non-Executive –Non Independent Director are paid only sitting fees.

2. The percentage increase in the median remuneration of employees for the Financial Year 2022-23 was around 1.51%.

3. There were 1,659 permanent employees on the rolls of Company as on March 31, 2023.

4. Average percentile increase already made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel in the last Financial

Year i.e. 2022- 23 was 6.79% whereas the percentile increase in the managerial remuneration for the same Financial Year was

115% due to increase in commission which is on increased profit. The profit before tax for Financial Year 2022-23 increased

by 157%.

5. Remuneration paid is as per the Remuneration Policy for Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and other Employees.

Sr.

No.

Short particulars of the

property or asset (s)

[including complete

address and location of

the property]

Pin code of the

property or

asset(s)

Date of

creation

Amount of

CSR amount

spent

Details of entity/ Authority/

beneficiary of the

registered owner

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

CSR

Registration

Number, if

applicable

Name

Registered

address

----- Not Applicable -----

Furnish the details relating to such asset(s) so created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility amount

spent in the Financial Year:

(All the fields should be captured as appearing in the revenue record, flat no, house no, Municipal Office/Municipal Corporation/

Gram panchayat are to be specified and also the area of the immovable property as well as boundaries).

9. Specify the reason(s), if the company has failed to spend two per cent of the average net profit as per

subsection (5) of section 135: - Not Applicable -

Sd/-

Sd/-

(Kushal N. Desai)

(Chaitanya N. Desai)

Managing Director & CEO

Managing Director

Managing Director

Date: May 08, 2023

DIN - 00008084

APAR Industries Limited

Annual Report 2022-23

90

91

Company Overview | Directors Reports | Financial Statements:

Managing Director and CEO, Mr. Chaitanya

N. Desai –: Managing Director, Mr. Rajesh Sehgal, Mrs.

Nina Kapasi and Mr. Kaushal J. Sampat - Independent

Directors (Non-Executive) and other Committee Members

from the Management of the Company.

The Company has formulated Risk Management Policy

identifying major risks impacting the business objectives

of the Company. The Board of Directors approved the

revised Risk Management Policy, in terms of the amended

provisions of Regulation 21 read with Schedule II of Listing

Regulations.

(viii)monitoring the end use of funds raised through

public offers and related matters;

(ix) discussion with internal auditors of any significant

findings and follow up thereon;

(x) discussion with statutory auditors before the audit

commences, about the nature and scope of audit

as well as post-audit discussion to ascertain any

area of concern;

(xi) to review the functioning of the whistle blower

mechanism;

(xii) approval of appointment of chief financial officer

after assessing the qualifications, experience &

background, etc.

(xiii)carrying out any other function as is mentioned in

the terms of reference of the Audit Committee.

4. SHARE TRANSFER AND SHAREHOLDERS

GRIEVANCE-CUM-STAKEHOLDERS

RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE (STC)

Share

Transfer

and

Shareholders'

Grievance-cum-

Stakeholders Relationship Committee has been constituted

in accordance with the requirements of Section 178 of

the Act and Regulation 20 of the Listing Regulations with

the objective of overseeing the redressal of investors’

complaints pertaining to transfers / transmission of

shares, issue of duplicate share certificates, non-receipt

of dividend/ interest, dematerialisation (Demat) of shares

and all other related matters concerning investors and to

consider and resolve the grievances of Security-holders of

the Company.

(a) Composition & attendance during the Financial

Year 2022-23:

During the Financial Year 2022-23, four STC meetings

were held respectively on May 27, 2022, July 28,

2022, November 03, 2022 and January 31, 2023. All

the Meetings were held through Video Conferencing

as permitted by law.

Details of the constitution of the STC and attendance

of the members during the Financial Year 2022-23 is

given in Para 2(f) above.

Mr. Rajesh Sehgal, Independent Director (Non-

executive) heads the committee as

Managing Director

or Whole Time Director or Manager (including Chief

Executive Officer and Manager, in case they are not

part of the Board of Directors) and shall specifically

include the functional heads, Presidents by whatever

name called and the Company Secretary and the

Chief Financial Officer. The remuneration policy is

directed towards rewarding performance, based on

review of achievements on a periodical basis and is in

consonance with the existing Industry practices.

(b) Remuneration paid to Executive Directors:

The break-up of remuneration paid / payable to the

Managing Directors for the FY 2022-23 is as under:

Name of

Directors

Mr. K. N.

Desai

Mr. C. N.

Desai

Designation

Chairman &

Managing

Director

Managing

Director

Salary (H)

1,93,23,936

1,94,40,382

Commission (H)

8,38,14,580

8,38,14,580

Perquisites /

Allowances (H)

3,60,226

7,00,611

Total (H)

10,34,98,741

10,39,55,572

Stock Option

Granted (Nos.)

Nil

Nil

Service Contract

5 years

5 years

from

01/01/2023 to

31/12/2027

from

01/01/2023 to

31/12/2027

Notice Period

3 Months

3 Months

(c) Remuneration paid to Non-Executive

Directors:

The Non-Executive Directors receive the sitting fees for

attending the Board and Committee meetings, as case

may be.

Details of Remuneration paid to Independent & Non-

Independent - Non-Executive Directors for attending

the meetings of Board of Directors and Committees

are given below:

Name of Directors

Sitting Fees

(Gross) (J)

No. of Stock

Options

Granted

Mr. F. B. Virani*

2,85,000

Nil

Mr. Rajesh Sehgal

4,12,500

Nil

Mr. Rishabh K Desai

2,25,000

Nil

Mrs. Nina Kapasi

4,12,500

Nil

Mr. Kaushal J. Sampat

3,00,000

Nil

*upto 03.11.2022

(d) Pecuniary Relationship of Independent Directors

and Non-Executive Director with the Company:

None of the Independent Directors and Non-Executive

Director have any pecuniary relationship or transactions

with the Company, its Promoters, its management or its

Subsidiaries and Associates, which, in the judgement

of the Board, would affect the independence or

judgement of Directors.

9. PREVENTION OF INSIDER TRADING

The Company has adopted a Code of Conduct for

Prevention of Insider Trading with a view to regulate

trading in securities by the Directors and designated

persons of the Company which was reviewed by the Board

from time to time and amended accordingly till date. The

Code requires pre-clearance for dealing in the Company’s

shares and prohibits the purchase or sale of Company’s

shares by the Directors and the designated persons while

in possession of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information

(UPSI) in relation to the Company and during the period

when the Trading Window is closed. The Company has

also installed structural digital database. The Company

has appointed M/s. Link Intime India Private Limited,

the Registrar & Share Transfer Agent of the Company, to

monitor / facilitate compliance with the SEBI (Prohibition

of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015, as amended.

All Board of Directors and the designated employees have

confirmed compliance with the Code.

The Company has laid down the procedure to inform

the Members of the Board about the risk assessment

and minimization procedures. These procedures are

periodically placed and are reviewed by the Audit

Committee and Board of Directors.

During the Financial Year 2022-23, three meetings of RMC

were held respectively on May 27, 2022, November 03,

2022 and January 31, 2023. The said Meetings were held

through Video Conferencing as permitted by law.

Details of the constitution of the RMC and attendance of

the members during the Financial Year 2022-23 is given in

Para 2(f) above.

COMMODITY PRICE RISK AND COMMODITY

HEDGING ACTIVITIES

1. In line with the Company’s objective towards increasing

stakeholders value, a risk management policy has been

framed, which attempts to identify key events / risks

impacting the business objectives of the Company and

attempts to develop policies and strategies to ensure timely

evaluation, reporting, monitoring and mitigation plan of

key business risks.

The Company is engaged in the business of manufacture and

sale of conductors, specialty oils and cables. These businesses

are faced with commodity price risks in respect of aluminium,

copper, steel & base oils. In respect of aluminium and copper,

price risk is managed by hedging on London Metal Exchange

(LME), whereas steel and base oils are not hedgeable as there

is no active market for the same. These risks are managed

through other business means such as inventory, sales prices

etc. The information required in respect of SEBI circular no.

SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2018/0000000141

dated

November 15, 2018 is given below.

2. Exposure of the listed entity to commodity and commodity

risks faced by the entity throughout the year:

a. Total exposure of the listed entity to commodities in

H Crores – H 7,684.26 Crores.

b. Exposure of the listed entity to various commodities:

Commodity

Name

Exposure

(J In

Crores)#1

Exposure

(Quantity)#1

UOM

% of such exposure hedged through

commodity derivatives

Total

Domestic Market

International Market

OTC

Exchange

OTC

Exchange

Aluminium (Al)

3658.09

1,43,210

MT

0%

0%

0%

100%

100%

Copper (Cu)

1050.16

23,121

MT

0%

0%

0%

91%

91%

Zinc (Zn)

29.01

359

MT

0%

0%

0%

100%

100%

Steel#2

188.43

23,983

MT

0%

0%

0%

0%

0%

Oil#2

2,758.57

3,48,269

KL

0%

0%

0%

0%

0%

#1 - Exposure is based on the total purchases of particular commodity during the reporting year

#2 - These commodities are not hedgeable.

Terms of Reference:

The broad terms of reference covering the matters specified

for RMC under Regulation 21 read with Part D of Schedule

II to the Listing Regulations, which are mainly, amongst

others, as follows:

-

Review & monitoring of Risk Management policy, risk

management plan and risk management process from

time to time;

-

ensure that appropriate methodology, processes and

systems are in place to monitor and evaluate risks

associated with the business of the Company;

-

monitor and oversee implementation of the risk

management policy, including evaluating the adequacy

of risk management systems;

-

keep the board of directors informed about the nature

and content of its discussions, recommendations and

actions to be taken;

8. REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS

(a) Remuneration policy, terms and criteria of

appointment of Directors:

The NCRC has formulated a Remuneration and

Board Diversity Policy which, inter alia, deals with the

APAR Industries Limited

Annual Report 2022-23

104

105

Company Overview | Directors Reports | Financial Statements:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the

Company for a further period of 5 years with effect from

January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2027 and payment of

Remuneration to him.

- Re-appointment of Mr. Chaitanya N. Desai (DIN- 00008091)

as: Managing

Managing Director and CEO

DIN: 00008084

Sr.

No.

Head of Fees

Fees for the

year 2022-23

(K in Crores)

APAR

Fees for the

year 2022-23

(K in Crores)

ATDPPL*#

Fees for the

year 2022-23

(K in Crores)

ADLPL*#

Fees for the

year 2022-23

(K in Crores)

PSFZE*

Fees for the

year 2022-23

(K in Crores)

PSPL*#

Total Fees

for the year

2022-23

(K in Crores)

1.

Audit Fee

0.50

0.02

0.02

0.08

0.05

0.67

2.

Other Services

0.03

0.01

0.01

0.00

0.00

0.05

3.

Out-of-pocket

expenses

0.00

0.00*

0.00

0.00

0.00

0.00*

Total

0.53

0.03

0.03

0.08

0.05

0.72

*Amount Less than H 0.50 Lacs.

#Fees paid to the Statutory Auditors other than C N K & Associates LLP and its Network firms

LIST OF ALL CREDIT RATINGS OBTAINED BY THE ENTITY ALONG WITH ANY REVISIONS THERETO DURING

THE RELEVANT FINANCIAL YEAR, FOR ALL DEBT INSTRUMENTS OF SUCH ENTITY OR ANY FIXED DEPOSIT

PROGRAMME OR ANY SCHEME OR PROPOSAL OF THE LISTED ENTITY INVOLVING MOBILIZATION OF FUNDS,

WHETHER IN INDIA OR ABROAD.–

Rating: “A” for Long Term Bank Facilities and “A1” for Long/Short Term Bank Facilities.

Agency: CARE Ratings Limited.

Rating: “A+” for Long Term Bank Facilities and “A1” for Long/Short Term Bank Facilities.

Agency: ICRA Limited.

The Company has not involved in mobilization of the fund under any scheme and debt instruments except availing of banking

related facilities including External Commercial Borrowing /Rupee Term Loan.

17. OTHER DISCLOSURES

DETAILS OF UTILIZATION OF FUNDS RAISED THROUGH PREFERENTIAL ALLOTMENT OR QUALIFIED

INSTITUTIONS PLACEMENT AS SPECIFIED UNDER REGULATION 32(7A).

During the year under review, there was neither any transaction of fund raising through Preferential Allotment nor any transaction

of Qualified Institutional Placement as specified under Regulation 32(7A) of the Listing Regulations.

CERTIFICATE FROM COMPANY SECRETARY IN PRACTICE

The Company has received a certificate from Mr. Hemang Mehta, proprietor of M/s. H. M. Mehta & Associates, Company

Secretary in Practice, confirming that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company have been debarred or disqualified

from being appointed or continuing as directors of companies by the SEBI/ MCA/ Reserve Bank of India or any such statutory

authority.

WHERE THE BOARD HAD NOT ACCEPTED ANY RECOMMENDATION OF ANY COMMITTEE OF THE BOARD

WHICH IS MANDATORILY REQUIRED, IN THE RELEVANT FINANCIAL YEAR, THE SAME TO BE DISCLOSED

ALONG WITH REASONS THEREOF:

There was no such instance during FY 2022-23.

TOTAL FEES FOR ALL SERVICES PAID BY THE LISTED ENTITY AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES, ON A CONSOLIDATED

BASIS, TO THE STATUTORY AUDITOR AND ALL ENTITIES IN THE NETWORK FIRM/ NETWORK ENTITY OF

WHICH THE STATUTORY AUDITOR IS A PART:

APAR Industries Limited

Annual Report 2022-23

112

113

Company Overview | Directors Reports | Financial Statements:

letter dated on 20th August, 2020.

2. This report contains details of compliance of conditions

of Corporate Governance by Apar Industries Limited

(‘the Company’) for the year ended 31st March, 2023,

as stipulated in Regulations 17-27, clauses (b) to (i) of

Regulation 46 (2) and paragraphs C, D and E of Schedule

V of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’), pursuant to the Listing

Agreements of the Company with the Stock Exchanges.

Management’s Responsibility for compliance with

the conditions of SEBI Listing Regulations

3. The compliance with the conditions of Corporate

Governance is the responsibility of the management of

the Company, including the preparation and maintenance

of all relevant supporting records and documents. This

responsibility includes the design, implementation and

maintenance of internal control and procedures to ensure

the compliance with the conditions of the Corporate

Governance stipulated in SEBI Listing Regulations.

Auditor’s Responsibility

4. Our examination was limited to procedures and

implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for

ensuring the compliance of the conditions of Corporate

Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of

opinion on the financial statements of the Company.

5. Pursuant to the requirements of the SEBI Listing Regulations,

it is our responsibility to provide a reasonable assurance

whether the Company has complied with the conditions

of Corporate Governance as stipulated in SEBI Listing

Regulations for the year ended 31st March, 2023.

6. We conducted our examination in accordance with the

Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for Special

Purposes issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants

of India (‘ICAI’) and the Standards on Auditing specified

under Section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, in so

far as applicable for the purpose of this certificate. The

Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for Special

Purposes requires that we comply with the ethical

requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.

7.

We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements

of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control

for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical

Financial Information, and Other Assurance and Related

Services Engagements.

Opinion

8. In our opinion, and to the best of our information and

according to explanations given to us and the representation

provided by the Management, we hereby certify that the

Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate

Governance as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27, clauses

(b) to (i) of regulation 46(2) and paragraphs C, D and E of

Schedule V of the SEBI Listing Regulations for the financial

year ended 31st March, 2023.

9. We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as

to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted

the affairs of the Company.

Restriction on use

10. The certificate is addressed and provided to the members

of the Company solely for the purpose of enabling the

Company to comply with the requirement of the SEBI Listing

Regulations, and it should not be used by any other person

or for any other purpose. Accordingly, we do not accept

or assume any liability or any duty of care for any other

purpose or to any other person to whom this certificate is

shown or into whose hands it may come without our prior

consent in writing.

For C N K & Associates LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm Registration No.: 101961W/W-100036

Himanshu Kishnadwala

Partner

Membership No: 037391

Mumbai

UDIN: 23037391BGULVK1159

Date: May 8, 2023

REF/CERT/VLP/49/23-24

APAR Industries Limited

Annual Report 2022-23

116

117

Company Overview | Directors Reports | Financial Statements:

Managing Director, Mr. Kushal Desai, is as

below (It is also available at url: https://apar.com/sustainability-1/).

The journey so far in Sustainability has been immensely enriching. A vision to serve

a larger societal purpose has now become the very soul of the enterprise, driving

every thought and action as well as the strategy and purpose of the organization. We

continue to remain steadfast in our commitment to delivering on Environmental, Social

and Governance goals.

The past decades have had a long-lasting impact on the natural ecosystem, atmosphere,

communities, governments, and businesses. This has increased the need for urgent

climate action. As a responsible organization, we are fully committed to our actions to

support this cause.

During the year, we voluntarily participated in the CDP climate disclosure. We also

made sustainability related disclosure at EcoVadis which is a renowned evidence-based

online platform, providing supplier sustainability ratings and allowing companies to

assess the ESG performance of their global suppliers.

We genuinely believe that responsible and transparent governance is vital to creating

long-term sustainable value for our stakeholders and progressing on our strategic

objectives consistently. Our high corporate governance standards are in accordance

with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) and the Companies Act, 2013,

mandates. The Board of Directors at APAR guides our operations and monitors and

drives compliances.

I am also delighted to share that APAR’s name found a place in the CRISIL ESG rating

for the first time this year. We were ranked at the 148th position amongst the top 586

Indian companies rated by CRISIL.

For the first time, we have completed an independent assurance of our Scope 1 and

Scope 2 Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions for the FY 2021-22 through a renowned

assurance provider, in accordance with ISO IEC 17021:2015 – conformity assessment

requirements.

We are committed to continue our efforts in this direction.

Sl

Material

issue

identified

Indicate

whether

risk or

opportunity

(R/O)

Rationale for identifying the risk /

opportunity

In case of risk, approach

to adapt or mitigate

Financial

implications

of the risk or

opportunity

(Indicate

positive or

negative

implications)

5.

Opportunity

The deployment of green energy technologies

by governments all across the globe to reduce

the usage of fossil fuels is rising. India has some

of the most aggressive RE targets in the world

– to reach 500 GW by 2030 (from about 180

GW in April' 23). The escalating establishment of

solar farms and wind turbines boosts the demand

for wires and cables, and APAR is the largest

producer of renewable Cables in India.

The electricity grids in India don’t have enough

resiliency. A lot of work needs to be done to

improve the power quality of the grids. APAR’s

conductor business will be a prime beneficiary of

the upgradation of the grids.

Increased electricity demands in Asia Pacific,

Middle East, and the Americas have resulted in

rising investments in smart grids in these regions.

This will fuel the demand for APAR’s conductor

businesses. We are already seeing substantially

increased business from overseas markets.

APAR being a leading manufacturer of Cables

& Conductors, and with a wide and diversified

product portfolio, we anticipate significant growth

in our business and market share.

Positive

Section B: Management and Process Disclosures

Disclosure Questions

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

I. Policy & Management Process

1

a. Whether your entity’s policy/

policies cover each principle

and its core elements of the

NGRBCs. (Yes/No)

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

b. Has the policy been approved

by the Board? (Yes/No)

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

c. Web Link of the Policies, if

available

• The web-link and mapping of Company’s policies against each Principle is

provided in Note B1 at the end of this section.

• The policies are categorized in 5 tabs namely: Environment Policies, Social

Policies, Governance Policies, Procurement Policies and IT Policies.

2

Whether the entity has translated

the policy into procedures.

(Yes / No)

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

3

Do the enlisted policies extend to

your value chain partners? (Yes/No)

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes**

Yes

APAR Industries Limited

Annual Report 2022-23

124

125

Company Overview | Directors Reports | Financial Statements:

Managing Director, Sustainability Head, Plant Heads, and Head of

Departments of various functions.

The major ESG related initiatives are proposed by the Steering Committee and are

approved by Board.

10 Subject for Review

Indicate whether review was undertaken by

Director/ Committee of the Board/ Any other

Committee

Frequency (Annually/ Half yearly/ Quarterly/

Any other – please specify)

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

Performance

against above

policies and

follow up

action

Yes

Reviews are done on a regular basis

Compliance

with statutory

requirements

of relevance to

the principles,

and,

rectification

of any non-

compliances

Yes

Reviews are done on a need basis

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

11

Has the entity carried out

independent assessment/

evaluation of the working of its

policies by an external agency?

(Yes/No). If yes, provide name of

the agency.

No

No

Yes *

No

Yes

*Deloitte

Yes **

No

Yes

***

No

* ISO 45001:2018 audit is done by independent agencies including DQS, IRCLASS, and BSI. In addition, *Deloitte has done as part of its internal audit scope.

** DNV has done the assessment of GHG scope-1 and scope-2 emissions

*** Our financial auditor has assessed our CSR spends as per the policy, as part of annual report

APAR Industries Limited

Annual Report 2022-23

126

127

Company Overview | Directors Reports | Financial Statements:

Managing Director

(DIN : 00008084)

Mumbai May 08, 2023

APAR Industries Limited

Annual Report 2022-23

178

Independent Auditors’ Report

Opinion

We have audited the accompanying Standalone Financial

Statements of APAR Industries Limited (“the Company”),

which comprise the Standalone Balance Sheet as at March 31,

2023, the standalone statement of profit and loss (including

Other Comprehensive Income), the Standalone Statement of

Changes in Equity and the Standalone Statement of Cash Flows

for the year then ended and notes to the Standalone Financial

Statements, including a summary of significant accounting

policies and other explanatory information (hereinafter referred

to as “ Standalone Financial Statements”).

In our opinion and to the best of our information and according

to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid Standalone

Financial Statements give the information required by the

Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) in the manner so required

and give a true and fair view in conformity with the Indian

Accounting Standards prescribed under section 133 of the

Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards)

Rules, 2015, as amended, (“Ind AS”) and other accounting

principles generally accepted in India, of the state of affairs

of the Company as at March 31, 2023, the net profit and total

comprehensive income, changes in equity and its cash flows for

the year ended on that date.

Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit of the Standalone Financial Statements

in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified

under section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013. Our

responsibilities under those Standards are further described

in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone

Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent

of the Company in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued

by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India together with

the independence requirements that are relevant to our audit of

the Standalone Financial Statements under the provisions of the

Companies Act,2013 and the Rules thereunder, and we have

fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these

requirements and the Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit

evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide

a basis for our opinion on the Standalone Financial Statements.

Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional

judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the

Standalone Financial Statements of the current period. These

matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the

Standalone Financial Statements as a whole, and in forming our

opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on

these matters. We have determined the matters described below

to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our report.

To the Members of APAR Industries Limited

Report on the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements

Sr.

No.

Key Audit Matter

Auditor’s Response

1

Litigations, Provisions and Contingent Liabilities

There are several litigations pending before various forums

against the Company. These also include matters under

various statutes and involves significant management

judgement and estimates on the possible outcome of the

litigations and consequent provisioning thereof or disclosure

as contingent liabilities.

We identified this as a key matter as the estimate of these

amounts involve a significant degree of management

judgement and high estimation uncertainty.

(Refer Note 44 to the Standalone Financial Statements)

To address this key audit matter, our procedures included:

•

Obtaining from the management details of matters

under dispute including ongoing and completed tax

assessments, demands and other litigations;

•

Evaluation and testing of the design of internal controls

followed by the Company relating to litigations,

open tax positions for direct and indirect taxes

and other matters and process followed to decide

provisioning for the said liabilities or disclosure as

Contingent Liabilities;

•

Discussing with Company's legal team and taxation

team for sufficient understanding of on-going and

potential legal matters impacting the Company and

the possible outcomes for the same;

•

We also involved our firm’s internal experts to evaluate

the management's underlying judgements in making

their estimates with regard to such matters.

179

Company Overview | Directors Reports | Financial Statements:

Managing Director

Independent Director

Membership No 037391

& Chief Executive Officer

DIN : 02856816

DIN : 00008084

Ramesh Iyer

Sanjaya R. Kunder

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Mumbai

Date: 8th May, 2023

(H crore)

Particulars

Note

For the

year ended

March 31, 2023

For the

year ended

March 31, 2022

INCOME

Revenue from operations

27

13,167.34

8,592.33

Other income

28

42.84

37.09

Total Income

13,210.18

8,629.42

EXPENSES

Cost of materials consumed

29

10,015.23

6,849.52

Purchases of Stock-in-trade

69.45

130.71

Changes in inventories of finished goods, Stock-in-trade and work-in-progress

30

(350.49)

(323.37)

Employee benefits expense

31

205.71

160.16

Finance costs

32

290.76

134.80

Depreciation and amortization expense

2,2A,2B

91.94

86.73

Other expenses

33

2,077.99

1,275.27

Total expenses

12,400.59

8,313.82

Profit before exceptional items and tax

809.59

315.60

Exceptional items

-

-

Profit before tax

809.59

315.60

Tax expense:

Current tax

36

211.83

80.29

Deferred tax charge / (credit)

36

(6.73)

1.34

Current tax of earlier year

1.83

0.37

Total tax expenses

206.93

82.00

Profit / (Loss) for the year from continuing operations

602.66

233.60

Other comprehensive income / (loss)

Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

A) Re-measurement gains /(losses) of defined benefit plans

(0.15)

(6.28)

Income tax on items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

36

0.04

1.58

Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss

B)

Effective portion of gains / (losses) on hedging instruments in a cash flow hedge

(94.54)

128.90

Income tax on items that will be reclassified to profit or loss

36

23.79

(32.44)

Total other comprehensive income / (loss)

(70.86)

91.76

Total comprehensive income / (loss) for the year

531.80

325.36

XII. Earnings per equity share (Face value of H 10 each)

34

Basic

157.48

61.04

Diluted

157.48

61.04

Standalone Balance Sheet

(H crore)

Particulars

Note

As at March 31, 2023

As at March 31, 2022

ASSETS

Non-current assets

Property, plant and equipment

2

774.52

717.44

Right to use assets

2A

17.54

13.32

Capital work-in-progress

2

99.07

37.00

Other intangible assets

2B

1.11

1.48

Intangible assets under development

2B

0.24

0.16

Financial assets

Investments

3

5.47

1.67

Loans

4

2.51

0.83

Trade receivables

10

27.51

11.29

Derivative financial assets

5

-

42.80

Other financial assets

6

10.24

12.52

Non current tax assets (net)

45.31

20.90

Other non-current assets

7

59.28

29.00

Total non current assets

1,042.80

888.41

Current Assets

Inventories

8

2,460.75

1,991.55

Financial Assets

Investments

9

50.10

30.00

Trade receivables

10

2,987.44

2,423.31

Cash and cash equivalents

11

407.68

242.65

Bank balances other than above

12

31.28

13.25

Loans

13

1.09

0.81

Derivative financial assets

5

34.53

161.07

Other financial assets

14

43.08

20.17

Other current assets

15

546.10

385.15

Total current assets

6,562.05

5,267.96

TOTAL ASSETS

7,604.85

6,156.37

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

Equity

Equity share capital

16A

38.27

38.27

Other equity

16B,16C

2,021.23

1,546.83

Total equity

2,059.50

1,585.10

Non current liabilities

Financial liabilities

Borrowings

17

151.37

195.37

Lease liabiliies

14.20

10.98

Other financial liabilities

19

5.09

3.13

Provisions

20

12.04

12.19

Deferred tax liabilities (net)

21

21.95

52.51

Total non current liabilities

204.65

274.18

Current liabilities

Financial liabilities

Borrowings

22

155.07

83.49

Lease liabiliies

4.31

3.08

Trade payables

23

a)

Total Outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises

84.90

20.01

b)

Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small enterprises.

4,752.60

3,834.88

Derivative financial liabilities

18

21.42

89.00

Other financial liabilities

24

73.61

29.83

Other current liabilities

25

209.33

221.97

Provisions

26

2.03

4.88

Current tax liabilities (net)

37.43

9.95

Total current liabilities

5,340.70

4,297.09

Total liabilities

5,545.35

4,571.27

Total Equity and Liabilities

7,604.85

6,156.37

See accompanying notes to financial statement

1 - 49

As per our report of even date attached

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

CNK & Associates LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm's registration No : 101961W/W-100036

Himanshu Kishnadwala

Kushal N Desai

Nina Kapasi

Partner

Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

Independent Director

Membership No 037391

& Chief Executive Officer

DIN : 02856816

DIN : 00008084

Ramesh Iyer

Sanjaya R. Kunder

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Mumbai

Date: 8th May, 2023

APAR Industries Limited

Annual Report 2022-23

190:

Managing Director

Independent Director

Membership No 037391

& Chief Executive Officer

DIN : 02856816

DIN : 00008084

Ramesh Iyer

Sanjaya R. Kunder

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Mumbai

Date: 8th May, 2023

193

Company Overview | Directors Reports | Financial Statements

APAR Industries Limited

Annual Report 2022-23

192:

letter of credit

Note 39 Financial Instruments (Contd..)

Note 39 Financial Instruments (Contd..)

APAR Industries Limited

Annual Report 2022-23

240

241

Company Overview | Directors Reports | Financial Statements:

Managing Director

Mr. C. N. Desai -: Managing

Managing Director

Independent Director

Membership No 037391

& Chief Executive Officer

DIN : 02856816

DIN : 00008084

Ramesh Iyer

Sanjaya R. Kunder

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Mumbai

Date: 08th May, 2023

APAR Industries Limited

Annual Report 2022-23

254

255

Company Overview | Directors Reports | Financial Statements:

Managing Director

Independent Director

Membership No 037391

& Chief Executive Officer

DIN : 00008084

DIN : 02856816

Ramesh Iyer

Sanjaya R. Kunder

Place: Mumbai

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Date: 08th May, 2023

(H crore)

Particulars

Note

For the

year ended

March 31, 2023

For the

year ended

March 31, 2022

INCOME

Revenue from operations

27

14,352.15

9,316.57

Other income

28

37.47

32.49

Total income

14,389.62

9,349.06

EXPENSES

Cost of materials consumed

29

10,973.96

7,418.32

Purchases of stock-in-trade

69.45

130.71

Changes in inventories of finished goods, stock-in-trade and work-in-progress

30

(334.66)

(341.21)

Employee benefits expense

31

220.50

172.49

Finance costs

32

305.50

140.62

Depreciation and amortization expense

2,2A,2B

104.34

97.84

Other expenses

33

2,195.95

1,388.41

Total expenses

13,535.04

9,007.18

Profit before share of profit/(loss) of an associates and exceptional items

854.58

341.88

Share in net profit / (loss) of associates

(0.02)

0.12

Profit before exceptional items

854.56

342.00

Exceptional items

-

-

Profit before tax

854.56

342.00

Tax expense:

35

Current tax

221.80

83.61

Deferred tax charge / (credit)

(6.81)

1.29

Taxes of earlier years (net)

1.85

0.36

Total tax expenses

216.84

85.27

Profit / (Loss) for the year from continuing operations

637.72

256.73

Other comprehensive income / (loss)

Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:-

A) Re-measurement gains /(losses) of defined benefit plans

(0.15)

(6.28)

Income tax on items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

35

0.04

1.58

Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss:-

A) Effective portion of gains / (losses) on hedging instruments in a cash

flow hedge

(94.54)

128.90

B)

Exchange differences in translating the financial statements of

foreign operations

35

11.67

3.58

Income tax on items that will be reclassified to profit or loss

23.79

(32.44)

Total other comprehensive income / (loss)

(59.19)

95.34

Total comprehensive income / (loss) for the year

578.53

352.07

XII. Earnings per equity share (Face value of J 10 each)

34

Basic

166.64

67.09

Diluted

166.64

67.09

As per our report of even date attached

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

CNK & Associates LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm's registration No : 101961W/W-100036

Himanshu Kishnadwala

Kushal N Desai

Nina Kapasi

Partner

Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

Independent Director

Membership No 037391

& Chief Executive Officer

DIN : 02856816

DIN : 00008084

Ramesh Iyer

Sanjaya R. Kunder

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Mumbai

Date: 08th May, 2023

APAR Industries Limited

Annual Report 2022-23

266:

Managing Director

Independent Director

Membership No 037391

& Chief Executive Officer

DIN : 02856816

DIN : 00008084

Ramesh Iyer

Sanjaya R. Kunder

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Mumbai

Date: 08th May, 2023

Note 1 – Significant Accounting Policies

1. General information

APAR Industries Limited (“the Company”), founded

by Late Shri. Dharmsinh D. Desai in the year 1958 is one

among the best established companies in India, operating

in the diverse fields of electrical and metallurgical

engineering, offering value added products and services

in Power Transmission Conductors, Petroleum Specialty

Oils and Power & Telecom Cables and Housewires. The

Company is incorporated in India. The registered office of

the Company is situated at 301, Panorama Complex, R. C.

Dutt Road, Vadodara, Gujarat – 390 007. The Company

has manufacturing plants in state of Maharashra, Gujarat,

Orissa & Union Territory of Dadra and Nagar Haveli.

2. Statement of compliance

These consolidated financial statements of the Group have

been prepared in accordance with the Indian Accounting

Standards (Ind AS) to comply with Section 133 of the

Companies Act, 2013 (“the 2013 Act”), and the relevant

provisions of the 2013 Act (to the extent notified) read with

the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015

and relevant amendment rules issued thereafter.

Accounting policies have been consistently applied

except where a newly issued Ind AS is initially adopted

or a revision to an existing accounting standard requires a

change in accounting policy hitherto in use.

These financial statements are approved for issue by the

Board of Directors on May 08, 2023.

3. Functional and presentation currency

These consolidated financial statements are presented in

Indian Rupees (H), which is the Group’s functional currency.

All amounts have been rounded off to two decimal places

to the nearest crore, unless otherwise indicated.

4. Basis of preparation

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared

on a going concern basis using the historical cost basis

except for the following items:

•

certain financial assets and liabilities (including

mutual fund investments and derivatives) that are

measured at fair value;

•

defined benefit plans – plan assets measured at

fair value; and

•

share-based payments.

5. Key estimates and assumptions

The preparation of consolidated financial statements

in accordance with Ind AS requires use of estimates,

assumptions and judgements for some items, which might

have an effect on their recognition and measurement in the

(i) balance sheet and (ii) consolidated statement of profit

and loss and other comprehensive income. The actual

amounts may differ from these estimates.

Estimates and assumptions are required in particular for:

•

Determination of the estimated useful lives of

tangible assets and intangible assets

Useful lives of assets are based on the life prescribed

in Schedule II of the Companies Act, 2013. In

cases, where the useful lives are different from that

prescribed in Schedule II, they are based on technical

advice, taking into account the nature of the asset, the

estimated usage of the asset, the operating conditions

of the asset, past history of replacement, anticipated

technological changes, manufacturers’ warranties and

maintenance support.

•

Recognition and measurement of defined benefit

obligations

The obligation arising from defined benefit plan is

determined on the basis of actuarial assumptions. Key

actuarial assumptions include discount rate, trends in

salary escalation, actuarial rates and life expectancy.

The discount rate is determined by reference to market

yields at the end of the reporting period on government

bonds. The period to maturity of the underlying bonds

corresponds to the probable maturity of the post-

employment benefit obligations.

•

Recognition of deferred tax assets

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for

the future tax consequences of temporary differences

between the carrying values of assets and liabilities

and their respective tax bases, and unutilized business

loss and unabsorbed depreciation and tax credits.

Deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that it

is probable that future taxable income will be available

against which the deductible temporary differences,

unused tax losses, unabsorbed depreciation and

unused tax credits could be utilized.

•

Evaluation of control

The Group makes assumptions when assessing

whether it exercises control, joint control or significant

269

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

for the year ended March 31, 2023

Company Overview | Directors Reports | Financial Statements

APAR Industries Limited

Annual Report 2022-23

268:

letter of credit

Cash flow sensitivity analysis for floating-rate instruments

A reasonably possible change of 100 basis points in interest rates at the reporting date would have increased (decreased) profit

or loss by the amounts shown below. This analysis assumes that all other variables, in particular foreign currency exchange rates,

remain constant.

(H crore)

Particulars

For the

year ended

March 31, 2023

For the

year ended

March 31, 2022

Increase in 100

basis points

Decrease in 100

basis points

Increase in 100

basis points

Decrease in 100

basis points

Floating-rate instruments

(17.95)

17.95

(18.84)

18.84

Cash flow sensitivity (net)

(17.95)

17.95

(18.84)

18.84

Note 40 Financial Instruments (Contd.)

APAR Industries Limited

Annual Report 2022-23

316

317

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

for the year ended March 31, 2023

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

for the year ended March 31, 2023

Company Overview | Directors Reports | Financial Statements:

Managing Director

Mr. C. N. Desai -: Managing

Letter of gurantee given by the Group

-

4.65

Note 44 Related Party (Contd.)

APAR Industries Limited

Annual Report 2022-23

326

327

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

for the year ended March 31, 2023

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

for the year ended March 31, 2023

Company Overview | Directors Reports | Financial Statements:

Managing Director

Independent Director

Membership No 037391

& Chief Executive Officer

DIN : 02856816

DIN : 00008084

Ramesh Iyer

Sanjaya R. Kunder

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Mumbai

Date: 08th May, 2023

(b) provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.

(vi) The Group has not received any funds from any person / persons or entity / entities, including foreign entities (Funding Party) with

the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Group shall:

(a) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the

Funding Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or

(b) provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries,

vii) The Group has no transaction which is not recorded in the books of accounts that has been surrendered or disclosed as income

during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as, search or survey or any other relevant provisions

of the Income Tax Act, 1961).

viii) The Group is not declared as wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or other lender.

ix) During the year Group has not entered into any scheme of arrangement.

Note 50 Additional Disclosures (Contd.)

Note 49 Master Netting Arrangement (Contd.)

APAR Industries Limited

Annual Report 2022-23

332

333

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

for the year ended March 31, 2023

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

for the year ended March 31, 2023

Company Overview | Directors Reports | Financial Statements:

