Dear Shareholders,

This year has brought to the fore the interlinked nature of the world we live

in. Through the flows of goods, services, capital, people, data and ideas,

the world remains deeply connected and remarkably resilient despite

various turbulences.

The year 2022-23 has been a tough one, given the geopolitical and

economic uncertainty. The year began with a degree of cautious optimism

as Covid restrictions were gradually eased, but the unending war in

Ukraine saw economies worldwide grappling with shortages in everything

from Oil and Gas to Wheat and Microchips. This had a significant impact

on both inflation and recessionary fears. India’s real GDP in the first

quarter of 2022-23 was about 4% higher than in the same quarter of the

previous year, indicating a strong start for the country’s recovery from the

pandemic. The contact-intensive service sectors (i.e. Trade, Transport,

and Hospitality) was the main driver of development in 2022-2023,

owing to the release of pent-up demand and widespread vaccination

coverage. A significantly increased private consumption aided by rising

consumer sentiment also helped fuel this growth. In the third quarter,

India's economic growth slowed down to 4.4 per cent as interest rate hike

dampened demand and weakness in the manufacturing sector continued.

Despite all these uncertainties, Blue Dart continued to fulfil its role as the

Trade Facilitator to the nation, delivering excellence at every touchpoint.

Our Strategy 2025 has bolstered and equipped us for external crises: it

safeguards our focus on the profitable core of the business as well as

our pole position as an employer, provider, and investment of choice.

Delivering reliably even during challenging times has been our consistent

effort and we have lived up to this customer promise.

Our dedication to become the preferred provider for our customers

has yielded positive outcomes. Your Company delivered a noteworthy

performance in FY 2022-23. For the year ended March 31, 2023, your

Company, on a standalone basis reported Income from operations of

` 5,172 crores (previous year – ` 4,409 crores) and posted net profit after

tax, on a standalone basis of Rs. 366 crores (previous year – ` 376 crores).

The Board of Directors have proposed a dividend of ` 30/- (Rupees Thirty

only) per share, subject to necessary approval by the Shareholders at the

ensuing Annual General Meeting of the Company.

We have recently added 2 Boeing 737-800 aircraft to our fleet, bringing

the total count to 8. With over 700+ retail stores with DHL across India,

the Company has been able to provide reliable and responsive service

with quick turnaround time and expanded reach to all pin codes within the

country. This year, your Company also expanded its presence by launching

15 retail stores on Independence Day as a part of the 'Azadi ka Amrit

Mahotsav' initiative. Additionally, on the 39th anniversary, we announced

the opening of 25 more retail outlets in Tier I and II towns. We have

expanded our coverage to 1,025 pin codes and increased our channel

partners to 3,775, providing customers with the advantage of shipping

to over 55,400 locations. Our success comes from our commitment to

fostering an 'Exceptional Customer-Centric Culture.'

Blue Dart also continued its festive offerings including ‘Rakhi Express’,

‘Diwali Express’ and ‘Merry Express’. Through the offerings, customers

could avail discounted rates on all gift shipments for both domestic and

international destinations, providing them with a comprehensive solution

for all their logistics needs.

In alignment with the ‘Strategy 2025’ – Delivering Excellence in a

Digital World’, your Company continues its initiatives tailored to ensure

lean operations. These enable your Company to ramp up and achieve

high service levels at short notice, which keeps us agile and adaptable.

Moreover, your Company has been actively looking at providing digital

solutions for its customers. Towards this, Blue Dart launched the Digital

Prepaid Card this year.

During the year under review, your Company continued to ensure that

maximum cash collections went digital. Blue Dart continues to lead digital

transformation with analytics, automation, business intelligence, smart

dashboards, API solutions, auto-route applications, deployment of parcel

lockers, electrical vehicles and investments in high-standard technology.

Your Company also continues to reduce its utility of paper through its

Digital Vendor Portal.

Complying with the ESG requirements, Blue Dart continues to innovate

to reach its goal of being a Sustainable Logistics Provider of Choice for

its customers. Blue Dart, as a part of the DHL Group, works towards

clean operations for climate protection (Environment), being a great

company to work for all (Social) as well as being a highly trusted company

(Governance). Blue Dart is a signatory of the ‘Climate Neutral Now’ (CNN)

pledge by the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change

(UNFCCC). The pledge highlights the organisation’s commitment to

ambitious CO2 reduction targets. The organization aims to achieve Net

Zero Carbon Emissions by 2050 under the ‘Mission 2050’ target set by

the DPDHL Group.

Our Group credo of ‘Connecting People, Improving Lives’ is a part of

the culture at Blue Dart. Your Company has always remained one step

ahead of the curve and passionately aided sustainability efforts taken

group wide or individually. Your Company works towards providing long-

term sustainability for its customers and showcases Corporate Social

Responsibility through several initiatives that help the environment as well

as the communities it operates in.

Blue Dart actively works towards fulfilling the Sustainable Development

Goals (SDGs) set by the United Nations (UN). Environmental and social

initiatives play a pivotal role in the Company’s functioning and is an integral

part of the Company’s core objective and values. Over the years, Blue Dart

8: CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT

Managing Director for review who, within 7 working days

communicates his decision to the Corporate HR & RH for implementation.

During FY 2022-23, 2 employee complaints were received and satisfactorily resolved.

During FY 2021-22, 2 employee complaints were received and satisfactorily resolved.

Customers

Blue Dart has an established grievance mechanism to resolve customer complaints. The source of receiving grievance can

be verbal, written, through e-mail, toll free number or social media. All these complaints get logged into a module called

CARESS-Complaint Appreciation Resolution & Evaluation to Satisfaction System.

In the current financial year, Blue Dart has carried over 3,273.71 lakh domestic shipments and over 8.23 lakh international

Shipments out of which 0.020% complaints were registered and resolved. There were 4 customer complaints which are yet

to be resolved till 31 March, 2023.

In the previous financial year, Blue Dart has carried over 2,632.48 lakh domestic shipments and over 8.62 lakh international

Shipments out of which 0.027% complaints were registered and resolved.

Value Chain

Partners

Blue Dart believes that it must manage its business affairs fairly and transparently with a firm commitment to its values. At

Blue Dart, we value high ethical standards of behavior and expect honesty, openness and integrity in whatever we do. The

Company has formalized this process and institutionalized the ‘Whistle Blower Policy’ within the organization. The Company

has DP-DHL Platform with hotlines, both telephonic and web-link as under:

- DP-DHL Hotline Provider (Telephonic) – INDIA +911171816583

- Web based reporting Link : www.dpdhlcompliancehotline.com

The Policy is applicable to all employees, directors, officers, customers, vendors, channel partners and/or third party

intermediaries such as agents and consultants whether appointed on a permanent, temporary, full time, part-time,

contractual, probation or on a retainer basis who are engaged to conduct business on behalf of the Company and its

subsidiary companies.

During FY 2022-23, 4 complaints were received which were not substantiated.

During FY 2021-22, 3 complaints were received and investigated/ acted upon.

BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY & SUSTAINABILITY REPORT:

Managing Director.

4. Do you have a focal point (Individual/ Committee) responsible for addressing human rights impacts or issues caused or contributed

to by the business? (Yes/No)

Blue Dart is a responsible corporate house. It ensures that all the issues/ grievances of its stakeholders are promptly addresses. The HR

Function of the organisation is entrusted with the responsibility of handling the human rights issues.

5. Describe the internal mechanisms in place to redress grievances related to human rights issues51

Blue Dart, through DPDHL’s Human Rights Policy statement, which complements its Code of Conduct, recognises inter alia ten principles of

UN Global Compact, Universal Declaration of Human Rights, ILO’s Declaration on the four Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work and

OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises.

If it is determined that there is a risk of adverse human rights impact caused or contributed by our business activities, we have a procedure

in place to ensure the activity is assessed, changed, discontinued and/or remediated. We encourage our employees to address suspected

concerns of this Human Rights Policy Statement through the established accessible grievance or dispute resolution channels including local

management, responsible Human Resources departments or the Compliance Hotline. Our partners and third parties have the opportunity to

access web forms at www.dpdhl.com to report potential concerns of this Human Rights Policy Statement.

6. Number of Complaints on the following made by employees and workers:52

FY 2022-23

FY 2021-22

Filed during

the year

Pending

resolution at the

end of the year

Remarks

Filed during

the year

Pending

resolution at the

end of the year

Remarks

Sexual harassment

2

0

Internal Complaints Committee

followed the statutory action

points to address the complaints

which were resolved effectively

Nil

Discrimination at

workplace

Nil

Nil

NA

Child Labour

Nil

Nil

NA

Forced Labour/

Involuntary Labour

Nil

Nil

NA

Wages

Nil

Nil

NA

Other Human Rights

related issues

Nil

Nil

NA

BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY & SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

51 SDG Target

SDG 16.6 Develop effective, accountable & transparent institutions at all levels

52 SDG Target

SDG 5.1 End all forms of discrimination against all women & girls everywhere

SDG 5.2 Eliminate all forms of violence against all women & girls in the public & private spheres, including trafficking & sexual & other types of exploitation

SDG 8.7 Take immediate & effective measures to eradicate forced labour, end modern slavery & human trafficking & secure the prohibition & elimination of the worst forms of child labour, including recruitment

& use of child soldiers, & by 2025 end child labour in all its forms

SDG 8.8 Protect labour rights & promote safe & secure working environments for all workers, including migrant workers, in particular women migrants, & those in precarious employment

SDG 16.2 End abuse, exploitation, trafficking & all forms of violence against & torture of children

SDG 16.6 Develop effective, accountable & transparent institutions at all levels:

Managing Director, quarterly result announcements, group engagements, Investors call

and thought leadership are the means that the Company uses to keep stakeholder engagements strong, which helps build and maintain trust,

transparency and clarity in vision.

Risk mitigation & Business Continuity

Risk measurement & matrix

Blue Dart has a well-defined risk management framework and policy in place which provides an overview of the principles of risk management,

explains an approach adopted by the Company towards risk management and mitigation. Blue Dart has `Business Continuity & Contingency

Plan’ which also includes alternative site for IT.

ACCOLADES & ESG:

Blue Dart’s accolades & achievement spread across all three aspects of ESG are as follows:

Governance

•

Blue Dart was recognized at the

Asian Legal Business (ALB)

Indian Law Awards 2023.

•

Blue Dart won the CFBP Award

“Council for Fair Business

Practices” 2022 organized by

Jamnalal Bajaj Uchit Vyavahar

Puraskar in the category of

Service Enterprises-Large.

•

Blue Dart has won the award

for Brand Excellence in Supply

Chain & Logistics by CMO Asia

•

Blue Dart received the Best

Compliance Program 2022 at

the Compliance 10/10

Symposium organized by the

Legasis Group in association

with the Bombay Stock

Exchange

•

Blue Dart’s ‘IF IT’S IMPORTANT,

BLUE DART IT’ Campaign of the

Year at CMO Asia.

•

Blue Dart won ‘The Best Loyalty

Program’ Award presented to

the Blue Points Program at the

Global Marketing Excellence

Awards

Social

•

Blue Dart won ‘CSR Campaign

of the Year’ award at Global

Brand Excellence Award

•

Blue Dart won Bronze for its

CSR initiative Go Help- Best

Public health/ Safety Initiative

at ACEF Asian Leaders Forum &

Awards 2022

•

Blue Dart was the official

logistics partner at the Jio

Mumbai Cyclothon 2022.

Environment

Blue Dart received the best

Innovation in emerging

technologies award at World

Innovation Congress & Award

1 Logos used herein are the property of respective owners & the figures are as on 31st March, 2023

123 Lakhs+

17.64 Lakhs+

6.30 Lakhs+

56.26 Lakhs+

1.30 Lakhs+:

Managing Director, was recognized as one of the

most influential Leaders of India 2022 by Marksmen Daily and also

presented with the Business Super Achiever Awards by ET ascent.

Mr. Ketan Kulkarni, Chief Commercial Officer, was recognised as one

of the most influential Marketing Leaders 2022 at Global Marketing

Excellence Awards. Apart from this, Mr. Kulkarni has participated in

several panel discussions and chaired the jury at various forums.

Blue Dart was also the official logistics partner of the ‘Jio Mumbai

Cyclothon 2022’.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL

Directors

During the year, Mr. Prakash Apte and Ms. Padmini Khare Kaicker

were appointed as Independent Directors at the 31st Annual General

Meeting of the Company held on July 27, 2022, for a period of 5 years

with effect from July 28, 2022.

In accordance with the provisions of the Act and Articles of Association

of the Company, Mr. Florian Bumberger, Director (DIN 09045904),

retires by rotation at the ensuing Annual General Meeting and being

eligible, offers himself for re-appointment. Mr. Florian Bumberger, aged

44 years, is currently the divisional Chief Human Resource Officer

(CHRO), DHL eCommerce Solutions and Member of the DPDHL

Group HR Board.

The Company has received necessary declaration from each

Independent Director under Section 149(7) of the Act and Regulation

25 of the Listing Regulations, that they meet requisite criteria of

independence as laid down under Section 149(6) of the Act and

Regulation 16 of the Listing Regulations. There has been no change

in the circumstances affecting their status as Independent Directors of

the Company.

The Independent Directors have also confirmed that they have

registered themselves on Independent Directors’ Databank maintained

by the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs at Manesar (Haryana), in

accordance with the requirements of law.

The Board of Directors, based on declaration(s) received from the

Independent Directors, have verified the veracity of such disclosures

and confirm that, Independent Directors fulfil the conditions of

‘independence’ specified under the Listing Regulations and the Act

and are independent of the Management of the Company.

Key Managerial Personnel (KMP)

During the year under review, Mr. Aneel Gambhir resigned as Chief

Financial Officer of the Company w.e.f. January 20, 2023, and

Mr. Vaidhyanathan Iyer has been appointed as the Acting Interim

Chief Financial Officer of the Company w.e.f. January 20, 2023. The

Board of Directors placed on record their sincere appreciation for

Mr. Gambhir’s contribution during his association with the Company

for over two decades.

Mr. Balfour Manuel,: Managing

Managing Director

and Mr. Vaidhyanathan Iyer, Acting Interim CFO are permanent

invitees to the Committee. Mr. Tushar Gunderia acts as Secretary to

the committee.

The details of Nomination & Remuneration Committee meetings and

attendance of committee members are provided in the Corporate

Governance Report, which forms a part of the Annual Report.

Pursuant to provisions of Section 178 of the Act, the Board has on

recommendation of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee,

formulated the "Nomination & Remuneration Policy" which includes

the criteria for determining qualification, positive attributes and

independence for the appointment of a Director and also the criteria

for determining the remuneration of the Directors, KMP, Senior

Management and other employees. The Nomination and Remuneration

Policy has been incorporated in the Corporate Governance Report,

which forms a part of the Annual Report.

RISK MANAGEMENT

Blue Dart has a well-defined risk management framework and policy

in place. The risk management framework works at various levels

across the enterprise. Risk Management is an integral and important

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | DIRECTORS’ REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2022-2023

DIRECTORS’ REPORT:

letter and spirit’

and adherence to an ethical standard for effective management

and distribution of wealth and discharge of social responsibility for

sustainable development of all stakeholders.

Corporate Governance reflects the principles embedded in its values,

policies and day-to-day business practices, leading to sustainable,

value-driven growth of the Company. Blue Dart maintains the highest

standards of corporate governance and disclosure practices and is

committed to transparency in all its dealings.

A section on corporate governance along with a certificate from

the auditors confirming compliance with conditions of corporate

governance as stipulated under the Listing Regulations is annexed

and forms part of the Directors’ Report.

A detailed review of operations, performance and future outlook of the

Company and its business is given under the ‘Management Discussion

and Analysis’ Report which forms an integral part of this Report and is

set out as a separate section to this Report.

BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY & SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

(“BRSR”)

The Company has provided Business Responsibility and Sustainability

Report (BRSR) in lieu of Business Responsibility Report and the same

is in line with the SEBI requirement based on the nine principles

of the ‘National Voluntary Guidelines on Social, Environmental

and Economic Responsibilities of Business’ notified by Ministry of

Corporate Affairs (MCA), Government of India, in July 2011 and

the amendment to Listing Regulations in May 2021. Your Company

reported its performance for financial year 2022-23 as per the BRSR

framework, describing initiatives taken from an environmental, social

and governance perspective.

CEO/CFO CERTIFICATION

In accordance with Regulation 17 of the Listing Regulations pertaining

to corporate governance norms, Mr. Balfour Manuel, Managing

Director and Mr. Vaidhyanathan Iyer, Acting Interim CFO, certified,

inter-alia, on review of financial statements and establishing and

maintaining internal controls for the financial reporting for the financial

year ended March 31, 2023. The said certificate forms an integral part

of the Annual Report.

DEPOSITS

During the year, Blue Dart has not accepted any deposits within the

meaning of provisions of Section 73 and/or 76 of the Act and rules

made thereunder.

HUMAN RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT

Particulars of employees and related disclosures

The information on the particulars of employees’ remuneration as per

Section 197(12) of Act, read with Rule 5(2) and 5 (3) of the Companies

(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules,

2014 as amended from time to time, forms part of this Report.

The ratio of the remuneration of each director to the median employee’s

remuneration and other details in terms of sub-section (12) of section

197 of the Act read with Rule 5 (1) of the Companies (Appointment

and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, forms part

of this Report as ‘Annexure E’ to the Board’s Report.

Certain eligible employees of the Company are covered under the

Performance Share Plan, Share Matching Scheme & Employee Share

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | DIRECTORS’ REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2022-2023

DIRECTORS’ REPORT:

Managing Director nor Whole Time Directors of the

Company received any remuneration or commission from any of

its subsidiaries.

4. No significant or material orders were passed by the regulators or

courts or tribunals which impacted the going concern status and

Company’s operations in future.

5. As on March 31, 2023, there is no associate company or joint

venture company within the meaning of Section 2(6) of the Act.

6. No material fraud has been reported by the Auditors to the Audit

Committee or the Board.

7. There was no change in the nature of business.

8. There is no proceeding pending under the Insolvency and

Bankruptcy Code, 2016.

9. There was no instance of a one-time settlement with any Bank or

Financial Institution.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

Your Directors wish to place on record their sincere appreciation to

all employees of the Company for their unstinted commitment and

continued contribution to the Company. The success of Blue Dart is

directly linked to hard work and commitment of its employees to ensure

‘business continuity’ and qualitative service offerings for its customers.

Their commitment and contribution are deeply acknowledged. We look

forward to their continuing support and involvement.

The Board wish to express its sincere appreciation and thanks

to all customers, suppliers, banks, financial institutions, advisors,

Government of India, concerned State Governments and other

authorities for their consistent support and co-operation extended

during the year.

We are also deeply grateful to our Shareholders for the confidence and

faith that they have always placed on us.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors,

Sharad Upasani

Balfour Manuel

Chairman: Managing

Managing Director

DIN: 01739334

DIN:08416666

Vaidhyanathan Iyer

Tushar Gunderia

Acting Interim CFO

Head (Legal & Compliance) &

Company Secretary

Mumbai

May 05, 2023

` In Lakhs

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | ANNEXURES TO DIRECTORS’ REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2022-2023:

Managing Director

4

4

3.

Ms. Tulsi N. Mirchandaney

Member, Non-Independent &

Non-Executive Director

4

4

4.

Ms. Kavita Nair*

Member, Independent & Non-

Executive Director

1

1

*Ms. Kavita Nair was inducted as Member of CSR Committee on October 29, 2022, and accordingly attended one Meeting held on January 25, 2023.

3. Provide the web-link where Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by the board are disclosed on

the website of the company:

Composition of CSR committee & CSR policy: https://www.primeinfobase.in/z_BlueDart/files/Bluedart_CSR_Policy.pdf

CSR projects: https://www.bluedart.com/documents/20182/0/CSR_Booklet_2019+%281%29.pdf/4d1514ba-f241-a32b-01c5-66ff8f0707a9?t=

1613737826157

4. Provide the executive summary along with web-link(s) of Impact Assessment of CSR Projects carried out in pursuance of sub-rule

(3) of rule 8, if applicable.

NA

5. (a) Average net profit of the company as per section 135(5) of the Act:

` 19579 Lakhs

(b) Two percent of average net profit of the company as per section 135(5):

` 392 Lakhs

ANNEXURES TO DIRECTORS’ REPORT

‘ANNEXURE B’

ANNUAL REPORT ON CSR ACTIVITIES

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | ANNEXURES TO DIRECTORS’ REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2022-2023:

Managing Director

DIN: 01739334

DIN:08416666

Tulsi Nowlakha Miirchandaney

Kavita Nair

Director

Director

DIN: 01842520

DIN: 07771200

Mumbai

May 05, 2023

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | ANNEXURES TO DIRECTORS’ REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2022-2023:

Managing Director

DIN: 01739334

DIN:08416666

Mumbai

May 05, 2023

ANNEXURES TO DIRECTORS’ REPORT

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | ANNEXURES TO DIRECTORS’ REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2022-2023:

letter.

1. Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these

secretarial records based on our audit.

2. We have followed the audit practices and processes which were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about correctness of the contents

of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis (by verifying records made available to us) and also in the form of digital

database to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices we followed, provide a

reasonable basis for our opinion.

3. We have not verified correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the company.

4. Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and happening of

events etc.

5. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of management.

Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6. The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which the

management has conducted the affairs of the company.

Date

: May 05, 2023

Name : Nilesh Shah

Place

: Mumbai

For : Nilesh Shah & Associates

Peer Review No: 698/2020

FCS : 4554

UDIN: F004554E000262196

C.P. : 2631

ANNEXURES TO DIRECTORS’ REPORT

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | ANNEXURES TO DIRECTORS’ REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2022-2023:

Managing Director

133.2

-3.4%*

Mr. Sharad Upasani

Chairman

19.8

64.0%

Mr. Florian Bumberger

Director

0.0

NA

Mr. Sebastian Paeßens

Director

0.0

NA

Ms. Tulsi N. Mirchandaney

Director

0.0

NA

Air Marshal M. McMahon (Retd.)

Director

16.9

96.3%

Ms. Kavita Nair

Director

14.1

61.5%

Mr. Prakash Apte

Director

12.8

NA

Ms. Padmini Khare Kaicker

Director

10.8

NA

Mr. R.S.Subramanian

Director

0.0

NA

Mr. Aneel Gambhir

Chief Financial Officer

88.3

9.6%*

Mr. Vaidhyanathan Iyer

Acting Interim Chief Financial Officer

13.1

4.8%*

Mr. Tushar Gunderia

Head (Legal & Compliance) &

Company Secretary

50.4

7.2%*

* Includes Performance Linked Incentive of prior period

-

During the year, Mr. Aneel Gambhir resigned as Chief Financial Officer of the Company w.e.f. January 20, 2023

-

During the year, Mr. Vaidhyanathan Iyer has been appointed as Acting Interim CFO of the Company w.e.f. January 20, 2023

Notes:

1. The number of permanent employees as on March 31, 2023 was 12,594.

2. Compared to the previous financial year 2021-22, the figures for the current financial year 2022-23 reflects that:

i) Income from Operation has grown by 17% and PBT is at ` 499 Crore

ii) Median remuneration of all employees have increased by 3.63% and average remuneration of all employees have increased by 8.19%

respectively

iii) Average remuneration of employees excluding Key Managerial Personnel has increased by 8.41%

iv) Remuneration of Key Managerial Personnel has decreased by 7.85%

3. No employee's remuneration for the year 2022-23 exceeded the remuneration of any of whole time Directors.

4. The remuneration of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and other employees is in accordance with the Remuneration policy of the

Company provided under the section 'Report on Corporate Governance' which forms part of the Report and Accounts.

5. The Market capitalization of the Company was ` 16,237 crores as on March 31, 2022 and ` 14,720 crores as on March 31, 2023. The

Company’s stock price as on March 31, 2023 has increased by 8,271% to ` 6,203.95 over the last public offering i.e. initial public offer in

September 1994 at the price of ` 150 per share after adjusting the bonus share issued in the ratio of 1:1 in the year 2002.

ANNEXURES TO DIRECTORS’ REPORT

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | ANNEXURES TO DIRECTORS’ REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2022-2023:

Managing Director of the Company for a further period of 5

(five) years commencing from May 16, 2022 till May 15, 2027.

Retirement by Rotation

•

In accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act,

2013 (“Act”) and Articles of Association of the Company,

Mr. Florian Ulrich Bumberger, a Director (DIN 09045904),

retires by rotation at the ensuing Annual General Meeting

and being eligible, offers himself for re-appointment.

•

Mr. Florian Ulrich Bumberger, aged 44 years, is currently the

divisional Chief Human Resource Officer (“CHRO”) of DHL

eCommerce Solutions and member of the DPDHL Group

Human Resource Board. Mr. Bumberger holds a Diploma

in Business Administration and is a Certified Institutional

Investment Analyst (CIIA).

•

Mr. Bumberger commenced his career as an ‘Investor

Relations Professional’ with numerous awards like

Institutional Investor & Thomson Extel IR Survey. Thereafter,

he transitioned into strategic, business development and

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2022-2023

REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE:

Managing Director

Leadership Acumen, Sales and Marketing, Operations, Governance

3

Air Marshal M. McMahon

(Retd.)

Independent & Non-

Executive Director

Leadership Acumen, Strategic & Tactical Analysis, Aviation, Governance:

Managing Director, Mr. Vaidhyanathan Iyer, Acting

Interim CFO, the Statutory Auditors and Internal Auditor are

permanent invitees to the Audit Committee Meetings.

Mr. Aneel Gambhir, erstwhile CFO, who was a permanent invitee

to the Audit Committee Meetings tendered his resignation

vide a: letter dated January 18, 2023 as the CFO. Pursuant

to the same, in the Board Meeting held on January 25, 2023,

Mr. Vaidhyanathan Iyer was made a permanent invitee to attend

the Audit Committee Meetings.

The

Managing Director and Mr. Vaidhyanathan

Iyer, Acting Interim CFO, are permanent invitees to the

Nomination & Remuneration Committee.

Mr. Aneel Gambhir, erstwhile CFO, who was a permanent

invitee to the ‘Nomination & Remuneration Committee’ meetings

tendered his resignation vide his: letter dated January 18, 2023

as the CFO. Accordingly, in the Board Meeting held on January

25, 2023, Mr. Vaidhyanathan Iyer was made a permanent invitee

to the ‘Nomination & Remuneration Committee’ meetings.

Ms. Kavita Nair, erstwhile Chairperson, Nomination &

Remuneration Committee, was present at the last Annual

General Meeting of the Company held on July 27, 2022 through

VC / OAVM.

During the year under review, 8 (eight) Nomination &

Remuneration Committee meetings were held on April 13, 2022,

April 26, 2022, May 05, 2022, July 27, 2022, August 09, 2022,

January 20, 2023, January 25, 2023 and March 15, 2023. The

details of attendance of each member at the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee meetings held during the year ended

March 31, 2023 are as under:

Name of Director

Designation

No. of Meetings

Held

Attended

Mr. Prakash Apte*

Managing Director

of Syngenta India for over a decade from 2000 to 2011 &

thereafter its Non-Executive Chairman till September 2021.

Presently, Mr. Apte is Chairman of the Kotak Mahindra Bank

Limited. He also serves on the Boards of Kotak Mahindra

Life Insurance Company Limited, Fine Organic Industries

Limited and GMM Pfaduler Ltd.

• Ms. Padmini Khare Kaicker, aged 58 years, has been in the

accountancy profession since 1990 after completing her

BSc in Mathematics. Apart from being a qualified Chartered

Accountant from ICAI, she is also a Certified Public Accountant

(USA) and holds a Diploma in Business Finance from Institute

of Chartered Financial Analysts of India. Ms. Padmini is the

Managing Partner of B. K. Khare & Co. (the Firm), one of the

leading and reputed Indian accounting firms in the profession

for more than six decades. Ms. Padmini has been on Boards

as an independent director, in reputed companies such

as IndusInd Bank, Gabriel India, etc. Currently, she is an

Independent Director on the Boards of Tata Chemicals Ltd.,

Tata Cleantech Capital Ltd., Rallis India Ltd., Kotak Mahindra

Investment Ltd., J.B. Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Ltd.

and Bosch Limited.

In the Annual General Meeting of the Company held on July

30, 2021, shareholders of the Company had approved payment

of commission to Non-Executive Directors, not exceeding 1%

(one per cent) of the net profit of the Company in accordance

with the provisions of the Act for a period of 5 (five) years. The

Commission payable to independent directors is determined

by the Board within aforesaid limit of 1% (one per cent) of net

profits after taking into account their attendance and roles

and responsibilities in various committees of the Board. For

their valuable contribution by way of advice for various project

works from time to time, the Company pays commission to non-

executive directors at such rate as determined by the Board and

within the ceiling as prescribed under the provisions of the Act.

The Board confirms that in the opinion of Board, Independent

Directors fulfill the conditions specified in these regulations

and Section 149 (b) of the Act and are independent of the

Management.

Details of remuneration paid to the Directors

The Non–Executive Directors are paid remuneration by way of

sitting fees and commission except DHL-nominated Directors

who are not paid any sitting fees or commission, as per their

internal guidelines. Non-Executive Directors are paid sitting

fees of ` 1,00,000/- (Rupees One Lakh Only) for attending

each meeting of the Board and the Audit Committee and

` 75,000/- (Rupees Seventy Five Thousand Only) for attending

each meeting of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee,

CSR Committee, Risk Management Committee, Stakeholders

Relationship Committee, BRR Committee, ESG Committee and

the meeting of independent directors attended by them.

Details of sitting fees and commission paid to the Independent

Directors are as stated below:

(In `)

Sr.

No.

Names of the

Directors

Sitting fees

(for the financial

year ended

March 31, 2023)

Commission

(for the financial

year ended

March 31, 2022

paid in financial

year 2022-23)

1.

Mr. Sharad

Upasani

36,50,000

25,00,000

2.

Air Marshal

M. McMahon

(Retd.)

27,50,000

25,00,000

3.

Ms. Kavita Nair

19,00,000

25,00,000

4.

Mr. Prakash

Apte*

15,00,000

N.A.

5.

Ms. Padmini

Khare

Kaicker**

8,50,000

N.A.

* Mr. Prakash Apte was inducted as an Independent Director

w.e.f. July 28, 2022

** Ms. Padmini Khare Kaicker was inducted as an Independent

Director w.e.f. July 28, 2022

In terms of agreement executed with the Company, details of

terms of remuneration paid to Mr. Balfour Manuel, Managing

Director for the period from April 1, 2022 to March 31, 2023 are

as under:

Basic

- ` 14.26 Lakhs per month

House Rent Allowance

- ` 0.54 Lakhs per month

In addition to the above amount, Mr. Balfour Manuel was entitled

to the following:

(a) The Company’s contribution to provident fund, in accordance

with the rules and regulations of the Company;

(b) Superannuation contribution subject to a maximum ceiling of

15% (fifteen percent) of basic salary by way of contribution

to a fund or an allowance in lieu thereof or a combination of

both;

(c) Gratuity payable at a rate not exceeding half a month’s

salary for each completed year of service;

(d) Car as per Company’s car scheme along with chauffer.

(e) Group insurance coverage and reimbursement of telephone

expenses;

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2022-2023

REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE:

Managing Director, if in

any financial year, the Company does not earn any profit or

earns inadequate profit as contemplated under the provisions

of Schedule V of the Act, unless otherwise approved by such

statutory authority, if any as may be required by the applicable

law, remuneration shall be paid as per the conditions and

monetary ceiling prescribed in Schedule V to the Act or any

re-enactment thereof. Severance term which has been agreed

between the Company and: Managing

Managing Director shall be as

under:

(a) The remuneration of the: Managing Director shall consist of

the following:

(i) Basic Salary

(ii) House Rent Allowance

(b) In addition to the above, the Managing Director shall be

entitled to the following:

(i) The Company’s contribution to provident fund, in

accordance with the rules and regulations of the

Company;

(ii) Superannuation contribution subject to a maximum

ceiling of 15% of basic salary by way of contribution to

a fund or an allowance in lieu thereof or combination of

both;

(iii) Gratuity payable at a rate not exceeding half a month’s

salary for each completed year of service;

(iv) Car as per the Company’s car scheme along with

chauffer;

(v) Group insurance coverages, IOD Membership at

actual and reimbursement of telephone expenses;

(vi) The Managing Director shall be entitled to an incentive

payment based on achievement of profitability level

and other performance parameters determined by the

Board.

(vii) Increment for each year shall be determined by the

Nomination & Remuneration Committee and subject

to approval of Board and members at the General

Meeting.

(viii) Entitlement to DPDHL LTI schemes viz;

•

Performance Share Plan ("PSP")

•

Share Matching Scheme ("SMS")

(c) The Managing Director shall be entitled to stock options, as

applicable.

The fees or compensation payable to Executive Directors who

are promoters or members of the promoter group, shall be subject

to approval of the shareholders by a special resolution in the

general meeting, if (i) the annual remuneration payable to such

Executive Director exceeds Rupees 5 (five) crore or 2.5% (two

point five percent) of the net profits of the Company, whichever

is higher; or (ii) where there is more than one such director, the

aggregate annual remuneration to such directors exceeds 5%

(five percent) of the net profits of the Company, provided that the

approval of the shareholders under this provision shall be valid

only till the expiry of the term of such Director.

Criteria for selection of Non-Executive Directors:

For a person to be appointed as a Non-Executive Director

(“Candidate”), he/ she should inter-alia fulfill/ meet the following

criteria:

(a) The Candidate should have been allotted a Director

Identification Number (DIN);

(b) The number of companies in which such Candidate may be

holding office as a Director or a

managing director in any listed entity shall serve as an

independent director in not more than three listed entities.

(j) The Candidate should not have or should not have had any

material pecuniary relationship, other than remuneration

as such Director or having transaction not exceeding 10%

(ten percent) of his total income or such amount as may

be prescribed, with the company, its holding, subsidiary or

associate company, or their promoters, or directors, during

the three immediately preceding financial years or during

the current financial year;

(k) none of whose relatives:

(i) is holding any security of or interest in the company,

its holding, subsidiary or associate company during

the three immediately preceding financial years or

during the current financial year: Provided that the

relative may hold security or interest in the company of

face value not exceeding ` 50,00,000/- (Rupees Fifty

Lakh) or 2% (two percent) of the paid-up capital of the

company, its holding, subsidiary or associate company

or such higher sum as may be prescribed;

(ii) is indebted to the company, its holding, subsidiary or

associate company or their promoters, or directors, in

excess of such amount as may be prescribed during

the three immediately preceding financial years or

during the current financial year;

(iii) has given a guarantee or provided any security

in connection with the indebtedness of any third

person to the company, its holding, subsidiary or

associate company or their promoters, or directors of

such holding company, for such amount as may be

prescribed during the three immediately preceding

financial years or during the current financial year; or

(iv) has any other pecuniary transaction or relationship

with the company, or its subsidiary, or its holding or

associate company amounting to two per cent or more

of its gross turnover or total income or ` 50,00,000/-

(Rupees Fifty Lakh) or such higher amount as may be

prescribed from time to time whichever is lower.

(l) Neither himself/herself nor any of his/her relatives:

(i)

should hold or should have held the position of a

KMP or is or has been an employee of the Company

or its holding, subsidiary or associate company or

any Company belonging to the promoter group of

the Company in any of the 3 (three) financial years

immediately preceding the financial year in which he/

she is proposed to be appointed.

Provided that in the case of a relative, who is an

employee other than KMP, the restriction under this

clause shall not apply for his/her employment.

(ii)

should be or should have been an employee or

proprietor or a partner, in any of the 3 (three) financial

years immediately preceding the financial year in

which he/she is proposed to be appointed, of:

• a firm of auditors or company secretaries in practice

or cost auditors of the Company or its holding,

subsidiary or associate company; or

• any legal or a consulting firm that has or had

any transaction with the Company, its holding,

subsidiary or associate company amounting to

10% (ten per cent) or more of the gross turnover of

such firm;

(iii) should hold together with his/her relatives 2% (two per

cent) or more of the total voting power of the Company;

(iv) should be a Chief Executive or Director, by whatever

name called, of any non-profit organisation that receives

25% (twenty-five percent) or more of its receipts from

the Company, any of its promoters, directors or its

holding, subsidiary or associate company or that holds

2% (two percent) or more of the total voting power of

the Company; or

(v) should be a material supplier, service provider or

customer or a lessor or lessee of the Company.

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2022-2023

REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE:

Managing Director, Chief

Financial Officer and Company Secretary to the Board for

its approval.

(b) Increment for each year will be determined by the Committee

based on performance evaluation report. Such increment

will be subject to approval of the Board.

(c) The KMP would be entitled to DP-DHL long term incentive

schemes viz; Share Purchase and Share Matching

Schemes in accordance with applicable guidelines.

Remuneration of Employees:

(a) The Nomination & Remuneration Committee is required

to determine remuneration of employees of the Company,

other than the whole time KMP.

(b) Increment for each year will be determined by the Committee

based on the performance evaluation.

(c) The employees would be entitled to stock options, if

applicable.

6.

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY ("CSR") COMMITTEE

Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) planning along with its

implementation and monitoring are keys for any company to

successfully meet its social obligation. To make CSR policies

work in the desired ways, companies are required to constitute a

CSR committee to oversee that their CSR budget is planned well

and spent in the most efficient and transparent manner.

The Company constituted the CSR Committee on February 5,

2014 and has reconstituted the same from time to time (“CSR

Committee”).

Composition

During the year, the CSR Committee was reconstituted and

accordingly as on March 31, 2023, the CSR Committee consisted

of Mr. Sharad Upasani as the Chairman of the Committee

and Mr. Balfour Manuel,: Managing Director, Ms. Kavita Nair

and Ms. Tulsi N. Mirchandaney, Directors as Members of the

Committee. Mr. Tushar Gunderia, Head (Legal & Compliance) &

Company Secretary, acts as Secretary to the CSR Committee.

Mr. Vaidhyanathan Iyer, Acting Interim CFO, is permanent invitee

to the CSR Committee.

Mr. Sharad Upasani,

letter dated January 18, 2023. Accordingly, in the Board Meeting

of the Company, held on January 25, 2023, Mr. Vaidhyanathan

Iyer was inducted as a member of the Risk Management

Committee.

During the year under review, 4 (four) Risk Management

Committee meetings were held on April 13, 2022, May 05, 2022,

October 28, 2022 and March 15, 2023. The details of attendance

of each member at the Risk Management Committee meetings

held during the year ended March 31, 2023 are as under:

Name of Director /

Member

Designation

No. of Meetings

Held

Attended

Mr. Sharad Upasani

Chairperson

4

4

Air Marshal M.

McMahon (Retd.)

Member

4

4

Mr. Balfour Manuel

Member

4

4

Mr. R.S.Subramanian

Member

4

4

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2022-2023

REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE:

letter dated January 18, 2023. Accordingly, in the Board Meeting

of the Company, held on January 25, 2023, Mr. Vaidhyanathan

Iyer was inducted as a member of the ESG Management

Committee.

During the year under review, 1 (one) ESG Committee Meeting

was held on May 05, 2022. The details of attendance of each

Member at the ESG Committee Meeting held during the year

ended March 31, 2023 is as under:

Name of Director

Designation

No. of Meetings

Held

Attended

Air Marshal

M.McMahon (Retd.)

Chairman

1

1

Mr. Balfour Manuel

Member

1

1

Mr. R. S.

Subramanian

Member

1

1

10. BUSINESS

RESPONSIBILITY

REPORTING

(BRR)

COMMITTEE

The Board of Directors constituted the BRR Committee in the

Board Meeting of the Company held on January 28, 2022,

comprising of Mr. Sharad Upasani as Chairman and Ms. Kavita

Nair and Ms. Tulsi Mirchandaney as Members of the BRR

Committee.

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2022-2023

REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE:

Managing Director, Non-Executive Directors, Non-

Independent Directors and Management Team. The meetings

were attended by all Independent Directors and it was convened

to enable Independent Directors to discuss matters including

matters pertaining to Company affairs, performance of Non-

Independent Directors and Board as whole, Board Committees,

Chairperson, also assessed the quality, quantity and timeliness

of flow of information between the Company Management and

the Board which is necessary for the Board to effectively and

reasonably perform their duties pursuant to requirements of the

Act and the Listing Regulations and put forth their views to the

Board.

During the year under review, 1 (one) meeting of Independent

Directors was held on January 25, 2023. The details of attendance

of each Member at the Independent Directors’ Meetings held

during the year ended March 31, 2023 are as under:

Name of Director

Designation

No. of Meetings

Held

Attended

Mr. Sharad Upasani

Member

1

1

Air Marshal M.

McMahon (Retd.)

Member

1

1

Ms. Kavita Nair

Member

1

1

Mr. Prakash Apte*

Member

1

1

Ms. Padmini Khare

Kaicker*

Member

1

1

*Mr. Prakash Apte and Ms. Padmini Khare Kaicker were

appointed as Independent Directors w.e.f. July 28, 2022.

13. FAMILIARISATION PROGRAMME FOR INDEPENDENT

DIRECTORS

The ‘Familiarisation Programme’ for Independent Directors aims

to provide insight about the Company to enable Independent

Directors to understand their role, duties, responsibilities

in the Company, nature of industry in which the Company

operates, business model of the Company etc., through various

programmes.

Pursuant to requirements of Regulation 25 of the Listing

Regulations, the Company has a familiarisation program

for Independent Directors with regard to their role, rights,

responsibilities in the Company, nature of the industry in which

the Company operates, business model of the Company etc.

The Board Members are provided with all necessary documents/

reports and internal policies to familiarise Independent Directors

with the Company’s procedures and practices. Periodic

presentations are made at the Board and Board constituted

committee meetings pertaining to business and performance

updates of the Company, global business environment, business

strategies and risks involved.

Directors attend training programs / conference on relevant

subject matters and keep themselves abreast of the latest

corporate, regulatory and industry developments. The details

of training program attended has been posted on website of

the Company i.e. https://www.bluedart.com/. The weblink of

familiarization programme is https://www.primeinfobase.in/z_

BlueDart/files/FamiliarisationProgramme.pdf

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2022-2023

REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE:

Managing Director (DIN: 08416666) for the

period from May 16, 2019 to March 31, 2020.

•

Approval for revision in remuneration of Mr. Balfour

Manuel,: Managing

Managing Director (DIN: 08416666)

for the calendar year ended December 31, 2021

and extension of ‘Performance Share Plan’ scheme

and ‘Share Matching Scheme’ of Deutsche Post AG,

Germany, the Company’s ultimate holding company.

•

Approval for revision in remuneration of Mr. Balfour

Manuel,: Managing

Managing Director confirming compliance

to the ‘Blue Dart Code of Conduct’ has been attached to this

Report.

Pursuant to the requirements of Securities and Exchange

Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations,

2015, as amended, the Company has adopted the ‘Blue Dart

Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading’ in the Equity

Shares of the Company. Mr. Tushar Gunderia, Head (Legal

& Compliance) & Company Secretary, acts as ‘Compliance

Officer’ for administration of the Code in consultation with the

Company’s Stakeholders Relationship Committee. This ‘Code of

Conduct’ is applicable to all Directors, designated employees of

the Company and third parties such as auditors, consultants etc.

who are expected to have access to Unpublished Price Sensitive

Information (UPSI) relating to the Company.

The Company also has PAN based online tracking mechanism

for monitoring of the trades in the Company’s securities by any

of the “Designated Employees” and their relatives to ensure real

time detection and appropriate action, in case of any violation /

non-compliance of the Company’s Insider Trading Code.

Further, the Company also has in place a Structured Digital

Database (SDD), containing information viz; nature of UPSI

shared, name(s) of person(s) who have shared such UPSI and

name(s) of such person(s) with whom such UPSI is shared along

with PAN or any other identifier authorized by law where PAN is

not available.

23. AUDITOR’S CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

As required by the provisions of Schedule V of the Listing

Regulations, the Auditor’s Certificate on Corporate Governance

is given as an Annexure to the Directors’ Report.

24. CERTIFICATE BY THE COMPANY SECRETARY IN PRACTICE

Mr. Nilesh Shah of M/s. Nilesh Shah & Associates, Practicing

Company Secretary, has issued a certificate as required under

the Listing Regulations, confirming that none of the directors on

Board of the Company were debarred or disqualified from being

appointed or continuing as Directors of companies by the SEBI /

Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such statutory authority.

25. CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER (“CEO”) AND CHIEF

FINANCIAL OFFICER (“CFO”) CERTIFICATION

As required by Regulation 17(8) of the Listing Regulations,

the CEO and CFO certification on Financial Statements,

Cash Flow Statement and Internal Control Systems for the

financial reporting for the year ended March 31, 2023 has

been obtained from Mr. Balfour Manuel,: Managing

letter dated September 26, 2022.

2. We, Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP, Chartered Accountants, the Statutory Auditors of Blue Dart Express Company Limited (“the Company”),

have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by the Company, for the year ended on 31 March 2023, as stipulated in

regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of regulation 46(2) and para C and D of Schedule V of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the Listing Regulations).

Management’s Responsibility

3. The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the Management. This responsibility includes the design,

implementation and maintenance of internal control and procedures to ensure the compliance with the conditions of the Corporate Governance

stipulated in Listing Regulations.

Auditor’s Responsibility

4. Our responsibility is limited to examining the procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring compliance with

the conditions of the Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial statements of the Company.

5. We have examined the books of account and other relevant records and documents maintained by the Company for the purposes of providing

reasonable assurance on the compliance with Corporate Governance requirements by the Company.

6. We have carried out an examination of the relevant records of the Company in accordance with the Guidance Note on Certification of Corporate

Governance issued by the Institute of the Chartered Accountants of India (the ICAI), the Standards on Auditing specified under Section 143(10)

of the Companies Act 2013, in so far as applicable for the purpose of this certificate and as per the Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates

for Special Purposes issued by the ICAI which requires that we comply with the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.

7. We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control for Firms that Perform

Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance and Related Services Engagements.

Opinion

8. Based on our examination of the relevant records and according to the information and explanations provided to us and the representations

provided by the Management, we certify that the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in

regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of regulation 46(2) and para C and D of Schedule V of the Listing Regulations during the year ended

March 31, 2023.

9. We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or effectiveness with which

the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Sampada S. Narvankar

For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP

Partner

Chartered Accountants

Membership No: 102911

(Firm’s Registration No. 117366W/W-100018)

UDIN: 23102911BGYCES2253

Place : Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2023

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | AUDITORS’ CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | ANNUAL REPORT 2022-2023

AUDITORS’ CERTIFICATE REGARDING COMPLIANCE OF CONDITIONS OF

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE:

Managing Director,

Blue Dart Express Limited

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS | ANNUAL REPORT 2022-2023

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS:

Managing Director, 487 Blue Darters joined the True Blue Club

on completion of 5 years of service. 6 employees received Super

Darter award.

ORGANIZATION-WIDE RECOGNITION

Blue Dart is a winner of Employee Safety Award 2022 and Best

Workplaces for Women by The Economic Times twice in a row this

year (2021, 2022). We are consistently featured among Top 100

Great Places to Work For in India. Blue Dart is also a Top Employer,

2022.

Overall, we are leveraging on our ‘People First’ philosophy which

has helped us to secure 53rd rank in the Great Place to Work in the

last year and a certified Great Place to Work for 13th year in row.

OTHER PROGRAMMES

Upstairs

A GoTeach initiative by Blue Dart that promotes equal education

opportunities and offers a scholarship program for our colleagues’

children, who receive financial assistance for their education and

mentoring support.

Subsidized Tuition Education Plan (STEP)

This developmental policy enables team members to acquire

higher qualification skills to enhance career prospects/ personal

development/ improve effectiveness on the current assignment.

This is a developmental initiative by Blue Dart.

Blue Dart’s Reimbursement of Accident Claims & Expenses

(BRACE)

This is a wellness initiative that aims at providing timely relief

including reimbursement of medical expenses.

Death Benevolent Fund (DBF)

This is an employee welfare initiative at Blue Dart where the

immediate family of a deceased Blue Dart team member receives

monetary help from colleagues, as payroll giving. Our front-line

employees’ families receive close to 10 years’ compensation in the

event of any unfortunate demise of a colleague, even managerial

employees are covered under this scheme. This is done with major

contributions coming through benevolence from all Blue Dart team

members.

Diversity & Inclusion

As a progressive organization, we believe in 'Diversity and Inclusion'

to be equal opportunity employer to attract and retain talent. Our aim

is to be safe place for diverse talents which is aligned to the Blue

Dart and DHL vision. Blue Dart has 16% Women in Management.

Our women hiring rate is 12.1% this year as against 9.1% in the last

year. HR has also taken a specific goal to increase diversity hiring

year on year.

Some of the major interventions that we have undertaken for

enhancing diversity within Blue Dart are as follows:

•

Safety as our building block: We conduct the Prevention of

Sexual Harassment ("POSH"), OHS and road safety training

for drivers them on how to maintain safety at personal and work

level. We had also surveyed some of our women colleagues

about safety at Blue Dart. We received positive feedback for

this initiative. Blue Dart won Employee Safety Award 2022.:

Managing Director and Vaidhyanathan Iyer, Acting Interim Chief Financial Officer of Blue Dart Express Limited, to the best of

our knowledge and belief certify that:

A.

We have reviewed financial statements and the cash flow statement of Blue Dart Express Limited for the year ended March 31, 2023 and that

to the best of our knowledge and belief, we state that:

(i)

these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements that might be misleading;

(ii) these statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with existing accounting

standards, applicable laws and regulations.

B.

We also state that to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the year, which are

fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company’s code of conduct.

C.

We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that they have evaluated the effectiveness

of internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting and they have disclosed to the Auditors and the Audit Committee,

deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls, if any, of which they are aware and the steps they have taken or propose to

take to rectify these deficiencies.

D.

We have indicated, based on our most recent evaluation, wherever applicable, to the Auditors and the Audit Committee:

i.

significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year;

ii.

significant changes, if any, in the accounting policies during the year and that the same have been disclosed in the notes to the

financial statements and

iii. instances of significant fraud of which they have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of the management or an employee

having significant role in the Company’s internal control system over financial reporting.

Balfour Manuel: Managing

Letter

(` Lakhs)

Loans

(` Lakhs)

Aggregate amount granted/

provided during the year

- Subsidiary

2,500

24,500

Balance outstanding as at

March 31, 2023

- Subsidiary

13,500

45,000

(b) The guarantees provided and the terms and conditions

of the grant of all the above-mentioned loans, during the

year are, in our opinion, prima facie, not prejudicial to the

Company’s interest.

(c) In respect of loans granted provided by the Company,

the schedule of repayment of principal and payment

of interest has been stipulated and the repayments of

principal amounts and receipts of interest are regular as

per stipulation.

(d) According to information and explanations given to us and

based on the audit procedures performed, in respect of

loans granted by the Company, there is no overdue amount

remaining outstanding as at the balance sheet date.

(e) None of the loans granted by the Company have fallen due

during the year.

(f)

The Company has granted Loans which are repayable on

demand details of which are given below -

Particulars

RelatedParties

(` Lakhs)

Aggregate of loans given to Subsidiary

- Repayable on demand

4,500#

Percentage of loans to the total loans

18.3%

# repaid during the year

iv.

According to information and explanation given to us, the

Company has not granted any loans, made investments or

provided guarantees or securities that are covered under the

provisions of sections 185 or 186 of the Companies Act, 2013,

and hence reporting under clause (iv) of the Order is not

applicable.

(Referred to in paragraph 2, under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our Report of even date on financial

statements of Blue Dart Express Limited for the year ended March 31, 2023)

In terms of the information and explanations sought by us and given by the Company and the books of account and records examined by us in the

normal course of audit and to the best of our knowledge and belief, we state that

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | ANNEXURE B TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2022-2023:

Managing Director

DIN:08416666

V N Iyer

Acting Interim Chief

Financial Officer

Tushar Gunderia

Head (Legal & Compliance) &

Company Secretary

Membership Number: 102911

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2023

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2023:

Managing Director

DIN:08416666

V N Iyer

Acting Interim Chief

Financial Officer

Tushar Gunderia

Head (Legal & Compliance) &

Company Secretary

Membership Number: 102911

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2023

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2023

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | FINANCIALS | ANNUAL REPORT 2022-2023

Note

Year ended

March 31, 2023

in ` Lakhs

Year ended

March 31, 2022

in ` Lakhs

INCOME

Revenue from Operations

25

5,17,222

4,40,902

Other Income

26

5,054

2,847

Total Income

5,22,276

4,43,749

EXPENSES

Freight, Handling and Servicing Costs

27

3,56,494

2,80,568

Employee Benefits Expenses

28

64,952

58,976

Finance Costs

29

1,742

2,410

Depreciation and Amortisation Expense

30

16,664

16,866

Other Expenses

31

32,550

30,981

Total Expenses

4,72,402

3,89,801

PROFIT BEFORE EXCEPTIONAL ITEMS AND TAX

49,874

53,948

Exceptional Items

31(a)

-

3,595

PROFIT BEFORE TAX

49,874

50,353

Income Tax Expense

36

Current Tax

12,695

12,769

Adjustment of tax relating to earlier years

625

-

Deferred Tax (Credit)

(90)

(60)

Total Tax Expense

13,230

12,709

PROFIT FOR THE YEAR

36,644

37,644

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

Items that will not be reclassified to Statement of Profit and Loss in subsequent years

Actuarial loss arising from remeasurements of post employment benefit obligation

674

809

Income tax relating to this item

(169)

(203)

Other comprehensive income net of income tax

505

606

Total comprehensive income for the year (Net of tax)

36,139

37,038

Earnings Per Equity Share (Nominal value of share ` 10 each)

Basic and Diluted (in `)

32

154.43

158.65

Summary of significant accounting policies.

1-3:

Managing Director

DIN:08416666

V N Iyer

Acting Interim Chief

Financial Officer

Tushar Gunderia

Head (Legal & Compliance) &

Company Secretary

Membership Number: 102911

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2023

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2023:

Managing Director

DIN:08416666

V N Iyer

Acting Interim Chief

Financial Officer

Tushar Gunderia

Head (Legal & Compliance) &

Company Secretary

Membership Number: 102911

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2023

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2023

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | FINANCIALS | ANNUAL REPORT 2022-2023:

Managing Director

Sharad Upasani

Chairman

Air Marshal M. McMahon (Retd.)

Director

Narendra Sarda

Director (up to March 27, 2022)

Kavita Nair

Director

Prakash Apte

Director (From July 28, 2022)

Padmini Khare

Director (From July 28, 2022)

Year ended

March 31, 2023

in ` Lakhs

Year ended

March 31, 2022

in ` Lakhs

(D) Transactions with related parties during the year

(i) With Holding/Subsidiary/Fellow Subsidiaries Company

Deutsche Post AG, Germany

Reimbursements of expenses - paid

7

9

Reimbursements of expenses - received

(184)

(98)

Share Based Payment

218

23

DHL Express (Singapore) Pte. Limited, Singapore

Dividend paid (net of TDS)

5,606

6,406

Concorde Air Logistics Limited, India

Commercial airlift charges

19,491

16,954

DHL Express (India) Private Limited, India

International servicing charges

26,780

23,299

Domestic service charges income

(10,386)

(9,666)

Pickup and Delivery charges

268

259

Legal and professional fees

86

79

DHL Supply Chain India Private Limited, India

Domestic service charges income

(3,713)

(4,489):

Letter of

Comfort in favour of various Banks / Financial Institutions to facilitate its borrowings. As at March 31, 2023, the Company has issued: letter of comfort worth ` 13,500 Lakhs (previous year ` 11,000 Lakhs) of which outstanding as on even date is ` 9,989 Lakhs (previous

year ` 7,514 Lakhs).

41 During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company has extended unsecured loan of ` 20,000 lakhs (Previous year- ` 25,000 lakh) to Blue

Dart Aviation Limited, its wholly owned subsidiary for capital expenditure. As at March 31, 2023 the outstanding loan balance is ` 45,000 lakhs

(Previous year - ` 25,000 lakhs) which is repayable as per defined payment schedule and the Non current loan is ` 42,750 lakhs (Previous

year - ` 25000 lakhs) and Current loan is ` 2,250 lakhs (Previous year - Nil) as on balance sheet date. The loan carries an interest equivalent

to 5 year Government Security Bond Rate plus 50 basis point.

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED | FINANCIALS | ANNUAL REPORT 2022-2023

Managing Director

DIN:08416666

V N Iyer

Acting Interim Chief

Financial Officer

Tushar Gunderia

Head (Legal & Compliance) &

Company Secretary

Membership Number: 102911

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2023

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2023:

Managing Director

Air Marshal M. McMahon (Retd.)

Director

Ravi S. Menon

Director

Sharad P. Upasani

Director

Geoffrey Kehr

Director

Vandana Aggarwal

Director

(appointed as an Independent Director w.e.f. October 27, 2022)

KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL

P. Parameshwaran

Chief Financial Officer

N. Palaniappan

Company Secretary & General Manager - Finance

BANKERS

Axis Bank Ltd.

AUDITORS

Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP

REGISTERED OFFICE

Blue Dart Centre,

Sahar Airport Road,

Andheri (E), Mumbai – 400 099

CIN: U35303MH1994PLC078691

HEAD OFFICE

Blue Dart Aviation Terminal,

Gate No.6, Old International Airport,

Meenambakkam, Chennai – 600 027:

Managing Director

3.

Air Marshal M.McMahon (Retd.)

Director

4.

Mr. Ravi Shivdas Menon

Director

5.

Mr. Sharad Upasani

Director

6.

Mr. Geoffrey Kehr

Director

7.

Ms. Vandana Aggarwal

Director

Your Company obtained requisite prior security clearance approval

from the Ministry of Civil Aviation for the appointment of Ms. Vandana

Aggarwal as an Independent Director of your Company with effect

from 27 October 2022. The Board of Directors in their meeting held

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

To the Members

Your Directors have great pleasure in presenting the Twenty Ninth

Annual Report of your Company for the financial year ended March

31, 2023.

FINANCIAL RESULTS

(` in Lakhs)

Year ended

Year ended

March

March

31, 2023

31, 2022

Revenues:

Revenue from Operations

1,17,783

94,141

Other Income

561

1,163

Less: Operating Expenses

87,278

64,208

Operating Profit (EBIDTA)

31,066

31,096

Less: Interest cost (Net)

7,355

7,250

Depreciation / Amortisation

22,773

22,663

Earnings before exceptional Items

938

1,183

and Tax

Less: Exceptional items

-

316

Earnings before Tax

938

867

Less: Provision for Income tax

534

297

Profit/(Loss) Earnings after tax

404

570

Other Comprehensive Income

(189)

(139)

Total Comprehensive (Expense) /

215

431

Income for the year

During the year under review, your Company recorded a profit before

tax of ` 938 lacs as compared to profit before tax of ` 867 lacs for the

12 months which ended on March 31, 2022.

AVIATION OUTLOOK

Your company is the longest serving private airline in the country,

having completed 26 years in scheduled domestic operations,

connecting major cities within India through its air network. The

air network has served as a reliable and efficient backbone for the

Blue Dart Group in enabling distribution across the vast geographic

expanse of our country. During the year, your Company acquired and

became the proud owner of the first two Boeing 737-800 freighters to

augment its fleet size to eight aircraft. Addition of the Boeing 737-800

freighters will increase capacity and provide flexibility for expansion

into tier II and III cities, and develop the emerging markets in those

catchment areas with better transit times and efficient access to

demand across the country.

Your Company continues to deliver on its promise to customers,

BLUE DART AVIATION LIMITED | DIRECTORS’ REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2022-2023:

Managing Director

2.

Mr. P. Parameshwaran

Chief Financial Officer

3.

Mr. N. Palaniappan

Company Secretary

During the year, there was no change (appointment or cessation) in

the office of any KMP.

Number of Meetings of the Board

During the year, the Board of Directors of your Company met 6 times.

The maximum interval between any two meetings did not exceed 120

days.

Details of Board Meeting are as follows:

Sr. No.

Date of Meeting

1.

04 May 2022

2.

26 July 2022

3.

27 October 2022

4.

24 January 2023

5.

27 February 2023

6.

16 March 2023

AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee comprises of four Non-Executive Directors viz;

Air Marshal M. McMahon (Retd.) as Chairman of the Committee,

with Mr. Tushar K. Jani ,Mr. Ravi Shivdas Menon and Ms.Vandana

Aggarwal as members of the Committee.

The terms of reference of the Audit Committee are in accordance with

the provisions of Section 177 of the Companies Act, 2013.

Ms. Tulsi Nowlakha Mirchandaney,: Managing

Managing Director, and Mr. Nikhil

B.Ved, Deputy: Managing Director are permanent invitees to the

Nomination and Remuneration Committee Meetings.

NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION POLICY

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 178 of the Companies Act,

2013, the Board has, on recommendations of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee, framed a policy on the appointment of

Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company, and fixing

of remuneration of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and other

employees of the Company. The Nomination and Remuneration policy

of your Company has listed down criteria for determining qualifications,

positive attributes, independence of a Director and other matters

provided under Section 178(3) of Companies Act, 2013.

CSR COMMITTEE

The CSR Committee of the Company comprises of Air Marshal M.

McMahon (Retd.), as

Managing Director,

Mr. P. Parameshwaran, Chief Financial Officer and Mr. N. Palaniappan,

Company Secretary & General Manager – Finance as members to

monitor the risks on a periodic basis.

FIXED DEPOSITS

Your Company has not accepted any fixed deposits under the

provisions of Section 73 of the Companies Act, 2013.

AUDITORS

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 139 of the Companies Act,

2013 (the Act) read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules,

2014 (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof,

for the time being in force), M/s. Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP (Firm

Registration No. 117366W/W-100018) has been appointed as

Statutory Auditors of the Company on July 26, 2022 for a period of

5 years commencing from the conclusion of 28th Annual General

Meeting until the conclusion of 33rd Annual General Meeting of the

Company.

The Auditors’ Report for 2022-23, does not contain any qualification,

reservation or adverse remarks.

No fraud has been reported by the auditors to the audit committee or

the Board.

PARTICULRS OF EMPLOYEES

Information on the particulars of employees’ remuneration as per

Section 197 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with Rule 5(2) of the

Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel)

Rules, 2014 forms part of this report. However, as per the provisions of

Section 136 (1) of the Companies Act, 2013, the report and accounts

are being sent to all shareholders of the Company, excluding the

Statement of Particulars of Employees which is available for inspection

at the registered office of the Company during working hours. Any

shareholder interested in such particulars may inspect the same.

PARTICULARS REGARDING CONSERVATION OF ENERGY,

TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE

EARNINGS AND EXPENDITURE

The particulars regarding foreign exchange earnings and expenditure

stipulated under section 134(3)(m) are annexed herewith as an

‘Annexure D’ and forms part of this Report. Since your Company does

not own any manufacturing facility, the other particulars relating to

conservation of energy and technology absorption stipulated in the

Companies (Disclosure of Particulars in the Report of the ‘Board of

Directors’ Rules, 1988) are not applicable.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

The Board of Directors wishes to express its sincere appreciation and

thanks to all customers, vendors, banks, financial institutions, solicitors,

advisors, the Government of India, concerned State Governments

and other authorities for their consistent support and co-operation in

contributing to the Organization’s success.

Your Directors appreciate the contribution made by the employees

of the Company and acknowledge their hard work and dedication

to ensure that the Company consistently performs to the highest

standards of excellence.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors,

Tushar K. Jani

Tulsi Nowlakha Mirchandaney

Chairman: Managing

Managing Director

4

4

4.

Mr. Sharad Upasani

Member & Non-Executive Director

4

4

3. Provide the web-link where Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by the board are disclosed on

the website of the company:

http://staging.bluedartaviation.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/BDA-CSR.pdf

4. Provide the executive summary along with web-link(s) of Impact Assessment of CSR Projects carried out in pursuance of sub-rule

(3) of rule 8, if applicable:

Not Applicable

5. (a) Average net profit of the company as per section 135(5) of the Act:

` 1075 Lakhs

(b) Two percent of average net profit of the company as per section 135(5):

` 21.51 Lakhs

(c) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years:

NIL

(d) Amount required to be set off for the financial year, if any:

Not Applicable

(e) Total CSR obligation for the financial year (b)+(c)-(d)).

` 21.51Lakhs

6. (a) Amount spent on CSR projects (both Ongoing Project and other than Ongoing Project):

` 21,26,710/-

(b) Amount spent on administrative overheads:

` 24,290/-

(c) Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable:

Not Applicable

(d) Total amount spent for the financial Year [(a)+(b)+(c)]:

` 21,51,000/-:

Managing Director

DIN: 0192621

DIN: 01842520

Mumbai,

May 04, 2023:

Managing Director

DIN: 0192621

DIN: 01842520

Mumbai,

May 04, 2023

BLUE DART AVIATION LIMITED | ANNEXURES TO DIRECTORS’ REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2022-2023

a.:

letter.

1. Maintenance of Secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. My responsibility is to express an opinion on these

secretarial records based on my audit.

2. I have followed the audit practices and process as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the contents of

the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in Secretarial records. I believe that

the process and practices, I have followed provide a reasonable basis for my opinion.

3. I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4. Wherever required, I have obtained the Management representation about the Compliance of laws, rules and regulations and happening of

events etc.

5. The Compliance of the provisions of corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of management. My

examination was limited to the verification of procedure on test basis.

6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which the

management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Mohan Kumar & Associates

Place : Chennai

A. Mohan Kumar

Date : May 04, 2023

Practicing Company Secretary

Membership No.: FCS 4347

Certificate of Practice No: 19145

UDIN: F004347E000278500

BLUE DART AVIATION LIMITED | ANNEXURES TO DIRECTORS’ REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2022-2023:

Managing Director

DIN: 01842520

Sampada S. Narvankar

Partner

Membership Number: 102911

N. Palaniappan

Company Secretary &

General Manager-Finance

P. Parameshwaran

Chief Financial Officer

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 04, 2023

Date: May 04, 2023

Place: Mumbai

The above balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

As per our report of even date.:

Managing Director

DIN: 01842520

Sampada S. Narvankar

Partner

Membership Number: 102911

N. Palaniappan

Company Secretary &

General Manager-Finance

P. Parameshwaran

Chief Financial Officer

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 04, 2023

Date: May 04, 2023

Place: Mumbai

BLUE DART AVIATION LIMITED

STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2023

BLUE DART AVIATION LIMITED | FINANCIALS | ANNUAL REPORT 2022-2023

The above Statement of Profit and Loss should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

As per our report of even date

Notes

Year ended

March 31, 2023

in ` Lakhs

Year ended

March 31, 2022

in ` Lakhs

INCOME

Revenue from Operations

24

1,17,783

94,141

Other Income

25

561

1,163

TOTAL INCOME

1,18,344

95,304

EXPENSES

Operating Costs

26

60,297

41,440

Employee Benefit Expenses

27

18,464

17,171

Finance Costs

28

7,355

7,250

Depreciation and Amortisation Expenses

29

22,773

22,663

Other Expenses

30

8,517

5,597

TOTAL EXPENSES

1,17,406

94,121

PROFIT BEFORE EXCEPTIONAL ITEMS AND TAX

938

1,183

Exceptional Item

30A

-

316

PROFIT BEFORE TAX

938

867

Income Tax Expense

32

Current Tax

1,221

955

Adjustment of tax relating to earlier year

170

8

Deferred Tax (credit)

(857)

(666)

Total Tax Expenses

534

297

PROFIT FOR THE YEAR

404

570

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME ('OCI')

Items not to be reclassified to Statement of Profit and Loss in subsequent years

- Remeasurement gains/ (losses) on defined benefit plans

(252)

(186)

- Income tax effect

63

47

TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR

215

431

Earnings per equity share (nominal value of share ` 10 each)

31

Basic and diluted (in `)

1.68

2.38

Summary of significant accounting policies.

3:

Managing Director

DIN: 01842520

Sampada S. Narvankar

Partner

Membership Number: 102911

N. Palaniappan

Company Secretary &

General Manager-Finance

P. Parameshwaran

Chief Financial Officer

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 04, 2023

Date: May 04, 2023

Place: Mumbai

Notes

Year ended

March 31, 2023

in ` Lakhs

Year ended

March 31, 2022

in ` Lakhs

Payment of interest on lease liabilities

(4,231)

(4,637)

Interest Paid

(2,850)

(2,213)

Net Cash flows (used in) financing activities.

7,986

(15,951)

Net increase /(decrease) in Cash and cash equivalents

(91)

7

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year

109

102

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year

18

109

Note: There are no changes in liabilities arising from financing activities, due to

non-cash changes.

Cash and cash equivalents comprise of :

Balances with banks

In current accounts

16

107

Cash on hand

2

2

18

109

Summary of significant accounting policies.

3

Notes:

The above Statement of Cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

The above cash flow statement has been prepared under the "Indirect Method" set out in Ind AS 7 - Statement of Cash Flows.

As per our report of even date

BLUE DART AVIATION LIMITED | FINANCIALS | ANNUAL REPORT 2022-2023:

Managing Director

DIN: 01842520

Sampada S. Narvankar

Partner

Membership Number: 102911

N. Palaniappan

Company Secretary &

General Manager-Finance

P. Parameshwaran

Chief Financial Officer

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 04, 2023

Date: May 04, 2023

Place: Mumbai

BLUE DART AVIATION LIMITED | FINANCIALS | ANNUAL REPORT 2022-2023:

Letter of Comfort to the banks in respect of credit facilities provided

by the banks to the Company.

BLUE DART AVIATION LIMITED | FINANCIALS | ANNUAL REPORT 2022-2023

As at

March 31, 2023

in ` Lakhs

As at

March 31, 2022

in ` Lakhs

17 A

CURRENT FINANCIAL LIABILITIES - LEASES

Lease Liabilities

10,271

9,708

Total

10,271

9,708

17 B

NON CURRENT FINANCIAL LIABILITIES - LEASES

Lease Liabilities

50,730

52,039

Total

50,730

52,039:

Managing Director

Mr. Tushar K. Jani

Non-Executive Chairman

Air Marshal M. McMahon (Retd.)

Independent Director

Mr. Ravi Shivdas Menon

Independent Director

Mrs. Vandana Aggarwal

Independent Director w.e.f October 27, 2022

Mr. Sharad Upasani

Director

Mr. Geoffrey Kehr

Director

iii) Entities under common control where transaction have taken place

Concorde Air Logistics Limited

DHL Express India Private Limited

European Air Transport, Leipzig Gmbh

DHL Aviation (Netherlands) B.V.

DHL Logistics Private Limited

DHL Aviation EEMEA B.S.C ©, Kingdom of Bahrain

DHL Worldwide Network NV/SA

Deutsche Post IT Services Gmbh

iv) Entities in which a Director is interested, where transaction have taken place

Cargo Service Center India Private Limited

Delhi Cargo Service Center Private Limited

Mumbai Cargo Service Center Airport Private Limited

Air Works India (Engineering) Private Limited

Net balance

March 31,

2021

Recognised

in Profit and

Loss

Recognised

in OCI

Net deferred

Aax Asset

Deferred tax

asset

March 31, 2022

Provision for Gratuity

42

8

47

97

97

Others

2,575

500

-

3,075

3,075

Tax assets

5,220

666

47

5,933

5,933

The Company offsets tax assets and liabilities if and only if it has a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets and current tax

liabilities and the deferred tax assets & deferred tax liabilities.

Significant management judgment is required in determining provision for income tax, deferred income tax assets and liabilities and

recoverability of deferred income tax assets.

The recoverability of deferred income tax assets is based on estimates of taxable income and the period over which deferred income tax

assets will be recovered. Any changes in future taxable income would impact the recoverability of deferred tax assets.

(in ` Lakhs):

letter to confirm financial and operational support to the Company to meet

its liabilities that may arise in the foreseeable future.:

letter to confirm financial and operational support to the Company

to meet its liabilities that may arise in the foreseeable future.

Sensitivity analysis

A 5% strengthening / weakening of the respective foreign currencies with respect to functional currency of Company would result in

increase or decrease in profit or loss and equity as shown in table below. This analysis assumes that all other variables, in particular

interest rates, remain constant and ignores any impact of forecast revenue and cost. The following analysis has been worked out

based on the exposures as of the date of statements of financial position.:

Managing Director

and Chief Financial Officer evaluates the Company's performance and reviews the segment business. The Company is primarily engaged in a

single segment business to operate aircraft and provide aircraft maintenance services within India for the business of integrated air and ground

transportation and distribution of time-sensitive packages of Blue Dart Express Limited. All assets of the Company are domiciled in India and

the Company earns entire revenue from its operations in India. Revenue for the year ended March 31, 2023 ` 1,17,783 lakhs (March 31, 2022:

` 93,994 lakhs) is derived from the holding company.

40 The Code on Social Security, 2020 (‘Code’) relating to employee benefits during employment and post employment benefits received

Presidential assent in September 2020. The Code has been published in the Gazette of India. However, the date on which the Code will come

into effect has not been notified and the final rules/interpretation have not yet been issued. The Company will assess the impact of the Code

when it comes into effect and will record any related impact in the period the Code becomes effective. Based on a preliminary assessment, the

entity believes the impact of the change will not be significant.

41 Other Statutory Information

i.

The Company do not have any Benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or pending against company for holding any

Benami property

ii.

The Company do not have any transaction with companies struck off

iii. The Company do not have any charges or satisfaction which are yet to be registered with ROC beyond the statutory period

iv. The Company have not traded or invested in Crypto currency or virtual currency during the financial year

v.

The Company had not advanced or loaned or invested funds (either borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of

funds) to any other person(s) or entity, including foreign entities (Intermediaries) with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or

otherwise) that the intermediary will

a) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding party

(Ultimate Beneficiaries) or

b) provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries

vi. The Company have not received any fund from any person or entity, including foreign entities (Funding party) with the understanding

(whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Company will

a) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding party

(Ultimate Beneficiaries) or

b) provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries

vii. The Company have not any such transaction which is not recorded in the books of accounts that has been surrendered or disclosed as

income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as survey or survey or any other relevant provisions

of the Income Tax Act, 1961)

41 Events after the reporting period

The company has evaluated subsequent events from the balance sheet date through May 04, 2023 the date at which the financial statements

were available to be issued, and determined that there are no material items to be discussed other than those discussed above.

For and on behalf of Board of Directors of Blue Dart Aviation Limited

CIN: U35303MH1994PLC078691

For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP

Tushar K. Jani

Chartered Accountants

Chairman

DIN: 00192621

Tulsi Nowlakha Mirchandaney: Managing

Managing Director, Whole-time Directors and/or Manager

Sr. No.

Particulars of Remuneration

Name of MD/WTD/ Manager

NA

1.

Gross salary

a) Salary as per provisions contained in section 17(1) of the Income-tax

Act, 1961

b) Value of perquisites u/s 17(2) Income-tax Act, 1961

c) Profits in lieu of salary under section 17(3) Income-tax Act, 1961

-

2.

Stock Option

-

3.

Sweat Equity

-

4.

Commission

- as % of profit

- others, specify

-

5.

Others, please specify

-

Total (A)

-

Ceiling as per the Act

-

B. Remuneration to other Directors: Nil

Sr.

No.

Particulars of Remuneration

Name of Directors

Total Amount

(1)

Independent Directors

- Fee for attending board /

committee meetings

-

-

-

-

- Commission

-

-

-

-

- Others,please specify

-

-

-

-

Total (1)

-

-

-

-

ANNEXURES TO DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONCORDE AIR LOGISTICS LIMITED | DIRECTORS’ REPORT | ANNUAL REPORT 2022-2023:

letter to confirm financial and operational support to the Company to meet its liabilities

that may arise in the foreseeable future.

34 Other Statutory Information

i.

The Company do not have any Benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or pending against Company for holding any

Benami property.

ii.

The Company do not have any transaction with companies struck off

iii. The Company does not have any charges or satisfaction which are yet to be registered with ROC beyond the statutory period.

iv. The Company has not traded or invested in Crypto currency or virtual currency during the financial year

v.

The Company had not advanced or loaned or invested funds (either borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of

funds) to any other person(s) or entity, including foreign entities (Intermediaries) with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or

otherwise) that the intermediary will

a) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding party

(Ultimate Beneficiaries) or

b) provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries:

Managing Director

DIN:08416666

V N Iyer

Acting Interim Chief

Financial Officer

Tushar Gunderia

Head (Legal & Compliance) &

Company Secretary

Membership Number: 102911

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2023

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2023

The above Consolidated Balance Sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

As per our report of even date:

Managing Director

DIN:08416666

V N Iyer

Acting Interim Chief

Financial Officer

Tushar Gunderia

Head (Legal & Compliance) &

Company Secretary

Membership Number: 102911

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2023

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2023

As per our report of even date

Note

Year ended

March 31, 2023

in ` Lakhs

Year ended

March 31, 2022

in ` Lakhs

INCOME

Revenue from Operations

27

5,17,222

4,41,049

Other Income

28

3,204

3,079

Total Income

5,20,426

4,44,128

EXPENSES

Freight, Handling and Servicing Costs

29

2,98,795

2,28,138

Employee Benefits Expenses

30

83,782

76,543

Finance Costs

31

6,685

8,697

Depreciation and Amortisation Expense

32

39,448

39,537

Other Expenses

33

40,896

36,389

Total Expenses

4,69,606

3,89,304

PROFIT BEFORE EXCEPTIONAL ITEMS AND TAX

50,820

54,824

Exceptional Items

33 (a)

-

3,595

PROFIT BEFORE TAX

50,820

51,229

Income Tax Expense

37

Current Tax

13,918

13,727

Adjustment of tax relating to earlier years

795

8

Deferred Tax (Credit)

(946)

(727)

Total Tax Expense

13,767

13,008

PROFIT FOR THE YEAR

37,053

38,221

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

Items that will not be reclassified to Statement of Profit and Loss in subsequent years

Actuarial loss arising from remeasurements of post employment benefit obligation

941

1,001

Income tax relating to this item

(236)

(251)

Other comprehensive income net of income tax

705

750

Total comprehensive income for the year (Net of tax)

36,348

37,471

Earnings Per Equity Share (Nominal value of share ` 10 each)

Basic and Diluted (in `)

34

156.16

161.08

Summary of significant accounting policies.

1 - 3:

Managing Director

DIN:08416666

V N Iyer

Acting Interim Chief

Financial Officer

Tushar Gunderia

Head (Legal & Compliance) &

Company Secretary

Membership Number: 102911

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2023

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2023:

Managing Director

DIN:08416666

V N Iyer

Acting Interim Chief

Financial Officer

Tushar Gunderia

Head (Legal & Compliance) &

Company Secretary

Membership Number: 102911

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2023

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2023

Summary of significant accounting policies (Refer note 1-3)

The above Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

As per our report of even date

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED (CONSOLIDATED) | FINANCIALS | ANNUAL REPORT 2022-2023:

Managing Director

Sharad Upasani

Chairman

Air Marshal M. McMahon (Retd.)

Director

Tulsi Nowlakha Mirchandaney: Managing

Managing Director

DIN:08416666

V N Iyer

Acting Interim Chief

Financial Officer

Tushar Gunderia

Head (Legal & Compliance) &

Company Secretary

Membership Number: 102911

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2023

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2023

SCHEDULES

Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2023

BLUE DART EXPRESS LIMITED (CONSOLIDATED) | FINANCIALS | ANNUAL REPORT 2022-2023

ii) The Group has not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Funding Party) with the understanding

(whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Group shall:

a) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party

(Ultimate Beneficiaries) or

b) provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries.:

Managing Director (DIN:

08416666) for the period viz ; April 1, 2023 to March 31, 2024 as set

out in the Explanatory Statement and Supplementary Agreement

(“the Agreement”) to be entered into between the Company and

Mr. Balfour Manuel,: Managing Director, the draft whereof is placed

before this Meeting and initialed by the

letter mentioning the name

and address of the Member, self-attested copy of the PAN card

and self-attested copy of any document (e.g. Driving License,

Election Identity Card, Passport etc.) in support of address of

the Member. Members holding shares in dematerialized mode

are requested to register / update their e-mail addresses with the

relevant Depository Participants. Pursuant to General Circular No.

20/2020 dated May 05, 2020, General Circular No. 2/2022 dated

May 05, 2022, General Circular No. 10/2022 and General Circular

No 11/2022 dated December 28, 2022 issued by the Ministry of

Corporate Affairs, the Company has also enabled the process for

the limited purpose of receiving the Company’s Annual Report

and notice of Annual General Meeting (including remote e-voting

instructions) electronically and members may temporarily update

their e-mail address by accessing the link https://linkintime.co.in/

emailreg/ email_register.html or on their website www.linkintime.

co.in under the Investor Services tab by choosing the e-mail

registration heading and following the registration process as

guided therein.

PROCEDURE FOR JOINING THE AGM THROUGH VC / OAVM:

10. Members will be provided with a facility to attend the AGM through

VC/OAVM through the NSDL e-Voting system. Members may

access by following the steps mentioned below for an access to

NSDL e-Voting system. After successful login, you can see link

of “VC/OAVM link” placed under “Join Meeting” menu against

company name. You are requested to click on VC/ OAVM link

placed under Join Meeting menu. The link for VC/OAVM will

be available in Shareholder/ Member login where the EVEN of

Company will be displayed. Please note that members who do not

have User ID and Password for e-Voting or have forgotten the User

ID and Password may retrieve the same by following the remote

e-Voting instructions mentioned in the notice to avoid last minute

rush.

11. For convenience of Members and proper conduct of AGM,

Members can login and join at least 30 (thirty) minutes prior to

the time scheduled for the AGM and facility to join AGM shall be

kept open throughout the proceedings of AGM. Members will be

allowed to attend the AGM on first come, first served basis.

12. Please note that participants connecting from Mobile devices or

Tablets or through Laptop connecting via Mobile Hotspot may

experience Audio / Video loss due to fluctuations in their respective

network. It is therefore recommended to use stable Wi-Fi or LAN

connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.

13. Members attending the AGM through VC / OAVM shall be counted

for the purpose of reckoning the quorum under Section 103 of the

Act.

PROCEDURE TO RAISE QUESTIONS / SEEK CLARIFICATIONS

WITH RESPECT TO ANNUAL REPORT:

14. As the AGM is being conducted through VC / OAVM, for smooth

conduct of proceedings of the AGM, Members are encouraged to

express their views / send their queries in advance mentioning

their names, demat account no./ folio no., email id, mobile no.

at Investors@bluedart.com. Questions / queries received by the

Company by Tuesday, July 25, 2023 till 5 p.m. shall be considered

and responded during AGM.

15. Members who would like to express their views or ask questions

during the AGM, may register themselves as a speaker by sending

an e-mail to the Company at Investors@bluedart.com by Tuesday,

July 25, 2023 till 5 p.m.

16. The Company reserves its right to restrict the number of questions

and number of speakers, as appropriate for smooth conduct of the

AGM.

PROCEDURE FOR REMOTE E-VOTING AND E-VOTING DURING

THE AGM:

17. Pursuant to Section 108 of the Act read with Rule 20 of the

Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, as

amended and Regulation 44 of Listing Regulations and in terms of

SEBI vide circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/ CIR/P/2020/242 dated

December 9, 2020 in relation to e-Voting Facility Provided by Listed

Entities, the Company is pleased to provide the facility to Members

to exercise their rights to vote on the resolutions proposed to

be passed at AGM by electronic means. For this purpose, the

Company has entered into an agreement with National Securities

Depository Limited (NSDL) for facilitating voting through electronic

means, as the authorized agency. The facility of casting votes by a

member using remote e-Voting system as well as e-voting on the

date of the AGM will be provided by NSDL.

18. The Members, whose names appear in the Register of Members

/ list of Beneficial Owners as on Thursday, July 20, 2023 i.e. the

cut-off date, are entitled to vote on the Resolutions set forth in this

Notice.

19. Members may cast their votes on electronic voting system from

any place (remote e-voting). The remote e-voting period will

commence at 9.00 a.m. on Saturday, July 22, 2023 and will end

at 5.00 p.m. on Wednesday, July 26, 2023. The remote e-voting

module shall be disabled by NSDL for voting thereafter. In addition,

the facility for voting through electronic voting system shall also be

made available during the AGM. Members attending the AGM who:

letter along with self-attested copy of

PAN Card and original cancelled cheque. The original cancelled

cheque should bear name of the Member. In the alternative,

Members are requested to submit a copy of the bank passbook/

statement attested by the bank. Members holding shares in

Demat mode are requested to submit the aforesaid information

to their respective Depository Participant.

34. As per Regulation 40 of SEBI Listing Regulations as amended,

securities of listed companies can be transferred only in

dematerialised form with effect from April 1, 2019, except in

case of request received for transmission or transposition of

securities. In view of this and to eliminate all risks associated

with physical shares and ease of portfolio management,

members holding shares in physical form are requested to

consider converting their holding to dematerialised form.

35. Members may please note that SEBI vide its Circular No. SEBI/

HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8 dated January 25,

2022 has mandated the listed companies to issue securities

in dematerialised form only while processing service requests

viz; issue of duplicate securities certificate, renewal / exchange

of securities certificate; endorsement; sub-division/ splitting of

securities certificate; consolidation of securities certificates/

folios; transmission and transposition. Further SEBI vide its

circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD_RTAMD/P/CIR/2022/65 dated

May 18, 2022 has simplified the procedure and standardized the

format of documents for transmission of securities. Accordingly,

members are requested to make service requests by submitting

a dully filled and signed Form ISR-4 & ISR-5, as the case may

be. The said form can be downloaded from the website of the

RTA.

REGISTRAR & SHARE TRANSFER AGENT:

Link Intime India Pvt. Ltd.,

C- 101, First Floor, 247 Park,

LBS Marg, Vikhroli West,

Mumbai - 400083.:

Managing Director, was re-appointed as Managing

Director of the Company for a period of 5 (five) years with effect from

May 16, 2022 to May 15, 2027, by an Ordinary Resolution passed by

the Members at the Thirty First Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the

Company held on July 27, 2022. Further, Members at the AGM also

approved Remuneration of Mr. Balfour Manuel,: Managing Director for

the period from May 16, 2022 to March 31, 2023.

On recommendation of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee,

the Audit Committee and Board of Directors in their meetings held on

March 15, 2023 and subject to necessary approval by the Members at

the Annual General Meeting, revised remuneration terms of Mr. Balfour

Manuel as Managing Director for the period from April 1, 2023 to March

31, 2024 are as under:

TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF REMUNERATION OF MR. BALFOUR

MANUEL AS MANAGING DIRECTOR:

(for period from April 1, 2023 to March 31, 2024)

Basic - ` 15.44 Lakhs per month

HRA - ` 0.54 Lakhs per month

In addition to above amount, Mr. Balfour Manuel shall be entitled to

the following:

(i) The Company’s contribution to Provident Fund, in accordance

with the Rules and Regulations of the Company.

(ii) Superannuation contribution subject to a maximum ceiling of

15% of basic salary by way of contribution to the fund or an

allowance in lieu thereof or combination of both.

(iii) Gratuity payable at a rate not exceeding half a month’s salary for

each completed year of service.

(iv) Car as per Company’s Car scheme along with chauffer.

(v) Group Insurance Coverages, IOD Membership at actuals and

reimbursement of telephone expenses.

(vi) The Managing Director shall be entitled to an incentive payment

based on achievement of profitability level and other performance

parameters determined by the Board of Directors for the calendar

year ended December 31, 2023, upto a maximum of Rs. 160

lakhs.

(vii) Increment for each year shall be determined by NRC and subject

to approval of the Board and Members at the General Meeting of

the Members.

(viii) Entitlement to DPDHL LTI schemes viz; Performance Share

Plan (PSP) and Share Matching Scheme (SMS).

Save and except as indicated hereinabove, other terms of appointment

of Mr. Balfour Manuel, Managing Director, remains the same.

In compliance with the applicable provisions of Companies Act, 2013,

the `Ordinary Resolution’ as per the terms set out in item no. 4 of

the accompanying Notice is being placed before the Members at the

Annual General Meeting.

During the term of employment of the Managing Director, if in any

financial year, the Company has no profits or its profits are inadequate,

the remuneration as set out hereinabove will be paid as minimum

remuneration.

The number of Meetings of the Board attended during the financial

year 2022-2023: 10 out of 10

Mr. Balfour Manuel holds 800 Equity Shares in the Company.

Mr. Manuel has no relationship with other Directors and ‘Key

Managerial Personnel’ of the Company.

Directorship/ Membership/

