Managing Director(s)/

Executive Director(s)/Wholetime Director(s) but including the

Alternate Directors) be paid remuneration by way of commission

for a period of five financial years commencing from 1st April

2023, not exceeding 1% of the net profits of the Company

computed in accordance with the provisions of Section 198 of

the Companies Act, 2013 for each financial year.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors be and are

hereby authorised to decide from time to time, the quantum and

manner of distribution of commission, to one or more Directors,

including the Chairman within the limit of 1% prescribed above

subject to a cap of ₹350 lakhs per annum.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the aforesaid commission shall be in

addition to the fees payable to such Directors for attending the

meetings of the Board and Committees thereof.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors be and are

hereby authorised to take all such steps as may be necessary,

desirable or expedient to give effect to this Resolution.

Item No.6 - Approval for payment of commission to

Mr. M M Murugappan

To consider and if deemed fit, to pass the following as a Special

Resolution:

RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 17(6)

(ca) of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and Sections

197, 198 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act,

2013 [including any statutory modification(s) or amendment(s)

thereto or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force]

and Article 17.16 of the Articles of Association of the Company,

approval be and is hereby granted for the remuneration payable

to Mr. M M Murugappan, Non-Executive Chairman for the

FY 2023-24 including by way of commission for the financial

year ended 31st March 2023 aggregating to a sum not

exceeding ₹1,00,00,000/- (Rupees One Crore Only) excluding

the sitting fees payable in respect of the meetings of the

Board/Committees in which he would be participating during

the financial year 2023-24.

001:

Managing Director

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution

as an Ordinary Resolution:

RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 196,

197, 203, Schedule V and other applicable provisions of the

Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules made thereunder (including

any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof for

the time being in force), Mr. Sridharan Rangarajan holding

(DIN 01814413) be and is hereby appointed as the Managing

Director of the Company for a tenure of office commencing

from 3rd August 2023 till 2nd August 2028 on the following terms:

(i)

Salary

₹10,50,000/- per month. The Nomination and Remuneration

Committee, may decide the increments in salary, from time to

time, subject to a maximum of ₹22,00,000 per month.

(ii)

Allowances/Perquisites/Commission/Incentive

In addition to salary, Mr. Sridharan Rangarajan will be entitled

to:

-

allowances like leave travel allowance, personal allowance,

special allowance, grade allowance and/or any other

allowance;

-

perquisites such as furnished/unfurnished accommodation

to be provided by the Company or house rent allowance in

lieu thereof, reimbursement of medical expenses incurred

for self and family, club fees, provision of car(s) and any

other perquisites, benefits, amenities;

-

commission/incentive;

-

Employee Stock Options in accordance with the Company’s

Employee Stock Option Scheme/Plan.

as may be approved by the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee from time to time subject to:

-

The allowances and perquisites not exceeding 100% of the

salary; and

-

Incentive/commission at 100% levels being not exceeding

25% of Annual pay.

(Annual pay includes salary, perquisites other than on

exercising of options, allowances, incentive and retirement

benefits).

(iii) Retirement benefits

-

Contribution to Provident Fund, Superannuation Fund,

National Pension Scheme, Gratuity as per rules of the

Fund/Scheme in force from time to time.

-

Encashment of leave as per rules of the Company in force

from time to time.

(iv) General

-

In the event of absence or inadequacy of profits in

any financial year, Mr. Sridharan Rangarajan, shall be

entitled to such remuneration as may be determined by

the Board, which shall not, except with the approval of

the shareholders exceed the limits prescribed under the

Companies Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder or any

statutory modification or re-enactment thereof.

-

Perquisites shall be valued in terms of Income Tax rules or

actual expenditure incurred by the Company in providing

the benefit or generally accepted practice as is relevant.

Provision of telephone (including at residence) shall not be

reckoned as a perquisite.

-

The aggregate remuneration (including salary, allowances,

perquisites,

incentive/commission

and

retirement

benefits) for any financial year shall be subject to an overall

ceiling of five per cent of the net profits of the Company

for that financial year computed in the manner prescribed

under the Companies Act, 2013.

-

Mr. Sridharan Rangarajan will not be entitled to any

sitting fees for attending meetings of the Board or of any

Committee thereof.

Mr. Sridharan Rangarajan will be subject to all other service

conditions as applicable to any other employee of the Company.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in terms of Article 17.27 of the

Articles of Association of the Company, Mr. Sridharan Rangarajan

will not be liable to retire by rotation unless required as per the

provisions of the Act in terms of Section 152(6).

Item No.8 - Ratification of Cost Auditor’s Remuneration

To consider and if deemed fit, to pass the following as an

Ordinary Resolution:

RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 148(3)

and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013

read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014

(including any statutory modification(s) or amendment(s)

thereto or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force),

the remuneration of ₹5,00,000 payable to M/s. S Mahadevan &

Co. (Firm registration no. 000007) Cost Accountants, Chennai,

appointed by the Board of Directors to conduct the audit of the

cost accounting records of the Company for the financial year

2023-24, excluding applicable taxes and out of pocket expenses

incurred by them in connection with the Cost Audit be and is

hereby ratified and confirmed.

By Order of the Board

Chennai

Rekha Surendhiran

June 22, 2023

Company Secretary:

letter mentioning the

Folio No., name of the Member, e-mail

address and mobile number;

- Self-attested copy of PAN;

- Self-attested copy of any address proof

including Aadhar, Passport etc.;

- Copy of share certificate(s).

Demat

Members may contact their DPs and register

or update their respective e-mail addresses

in the demat account, as per the process

recommended by the DP.

As an eco-friendly measure intending to benefit the society

at large, we request you to be part of the e-initiative and

register your e-mail address to receive all communication

and documents including Annual Reports from time to time

in electronic form to the e-mail address provided by you.

In case of any queries, Members may write to

einward.ris@kfintech.com or investorservices@cumi.murugappa.com

by quoting their Folio number or DP and Client ID.

12. Additional information pursuant to SEBI (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and

Secretarial Standards on General Meetings in respect of

the Directors seeking appointment/re-appointment at the

AGM is furnished and forms part of the Notice. The Directors

have furnished the requisite consents/declarations for their

appointment/re-appointment.

13. The business set out in the Notice would be transacted

through electronic voting. Pursuant to Section 108 of the

Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 of the Companies

(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, and

amendments thereof, the Company e-voting facility will be

made available to Members to cast their votes electronically

on all resolutions set forth in the Notice convening the 69th

AGM.

14. The Company has engaged the services of M/s. KFin

Technologies Limited to provide remote e-voting facility and

voting facility during the AGM through Instapoll to enable

Members to exercise their votes in a secured manner.

The instructions for remote e-voting as well as Instapoll is

provided in this Notice.

The Board of Directors have appointed Mr. R. Sridharan

of M/s. R. Sridharan and Associates, Practising Company

Secretaries or failing him Ms. Srinidhi Sridharan of

M/s. Srinidhi Sridharan and Associates, Practising Company

Secretaries as the Scrutiniser to scrutinise the e-voting

process in a fair and transparent manner.

The Notice and the instructions for attending the AGM and

exercising the voting are being sent in electronic form to

all the Members whose e-mail addresses are registered

with the Company/their DPs for communication purposes.

For others who have not registered their e-mail addresses,

please refer the instructions in Note 11 above.

15. All documents referred to in the accompanying Notice and

the statement under Section 102 of the Act, shall be open

for inspection during normal business hours (9.30 a.m. to

5.30 p.m.) on all working days upto the date of the AGM. The

Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel and their

shareholding and the Register of Contracts or Arrangements

in which the Directors are interested, maintained under

the Companies Act, 2013 will be available for inspection by

the Members electronically during the meeting. Members

seeking to inspect such documents can send an e-mail to

investorservices@cumi.murugappa.com.

16. Members holding shares in physical form are requested to

address all correspondence relating to their shareholding

to the Company’s RTA or to the Company. Members

holding shares in dematerialised form may send such

correspondence to their respective DPs.

17. Instructions for attending the AGM and voting:

17.1. Instructions for remote e-Voting before the AGM:

While Members can vote electronically during the AGM,

they can also avail remote e-voting facility provided by

the Company for voting before the AGM. Pursuant to

the provisions of Section 108 of the Companies Act,

2013 and Rule 20 of the Companies (Management and

Administration) Rules, 2014 as amended from time to

time and the provisions of Regulation 44 of SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015, Members are provided with the facility to cast their

votes electronically, through the e-voting services provided:

Letter etc., together with attested specimen

signature(s) of the duly authorised representative(s), to the

Scrutiniser at rsaevoting@gmail.com with a copy marked to

evoting@kfintech.com. The scanned image of the above

mentioned documents should be in the naming format

“CUMI - 69th AGM”.:

Managing Director of CUMI

in the past. Besides serving as the Chairman of the Company,

Cholamandalam MS General Insurance Company Limited,

Cholamandalam Financial Holdings Limited and Murugappa

Water Technology and Solutions Private Limited, he is on the

Boards of several companies including IIT Madras Research

Park, Cyient Limited and Ambadi Investments Limited.

Mr. Murugappan was elected as a fellow of the Indian Ceramic

Society and is also a member of the American Institute of

Chemical Engineers, Indian Institute of Chemical Engineers,

Plastics & Rubber Institute. He is a trustee of the Murugappa

Group’s CSR arm - AMM Foundation. He is also the Chairman of

the Governing Body for Indian Institute of Management, Indore.

Mr. M M Murugappan, Chairman of the Board has been

associated with the Company as a Director for over two

decades. Given the size and nature of its operations and also:

Managing Director(s) of the Company for a

period of five financial years commencing from 1st April 2018 for

an amount not exceeding 1% of the net profits of the Company

computed in accordance with the provisions of the Companies

Act, 2013 for each financial year. As the validity of the approval

expired on 31st March 2023, the resolution seeking renewal of

the approval for another period of five financial years is placed

before the shareholders.

The Remuneration policy adopted by the Board which provides

the framework for remuneration of members of the Board of

Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and other employees

of the Company specifies that the Commission payable to

Non-Executive Directors will be restricted to a fixed sum within

the limits prescribed under Section 197 of the Companies Act,

2013 annually on the basis of tenor in office during a financial

year. The policy further provides that keeping with evolving

trends in industries and considering the time and efforts spent

by specific Non-Executive Directors, the Board may consider

paying differential commission. Accordingly, in line with globally

accepted practices, in view of the considerable time and efforts

spent by the Chairman of the Company in connection with its

affairs, he is paid a differential commission. Mr. P S Raghavan

who is on the Board of the material subsidiaries at Cyprus and

Russia is also being paid a differential commission. For more

details, please refer the Corporate Governance Report in page

164 forming part of the Annual Report.

The Board of Directors at their meeting held on 8th May 2023

have recommended to the shareholders granting approval for

payment of remuneration to Non-Executive Directors upto

a sum not exceeding 1% of the net profits of the Company

computed in accordance with Section 198 of the Companies Act,

2013 for each financial year. The said commission payable shall

be in addition to the fees payable to Non-Executive Directors

for attending the meetings of the Board and Committees

thereof. Details of remuneration of the Directors as required

under Secretarial Standard on General Meetings is available

in the Corporate Governance Report. Section 197 of the Act

states that remuneration payable to Directors who are neither: Managing

Managing Director of the Company.

Mr. N Ananthaseshan, the current: Managing

Managing Director.

Item No.8

Pursuant to the Companies (Cost Records and Audit) Rules,

2014 and any amendments thereof, the Company is required

to maintain cost accounting records in respect of products

of the Company covered under CETA categories like organic

and inorganic chemicals, electrical or electronic machinery,

steel, plastic and polymers, ores and mineral products, other

machinery, base metals etc. Further, the cost accounting

records maintained by the Company is required to be audited.

The Board at its meeting held on 8th May 2023 based on the

recommendation of the Audit Committee, has approved the

appointment and remuneration of M/s. S Mahadevan & Co., Cost

Accountants, as the Cost Auditor to conduct the audit of the cost

accounting records of the Company pursuant to the Companies

(Cost Records and Audit) Rules, 2014 for the financial year

2023-24 on a remuneration of ₹5,00,000 excluding applicable

taxes and out of pocket expenses incurred by them in connection

with the audit. The Cost audit fee is commensurate with the

work involved and the size of teams due to advancements in

software and ERP system.

As per Section 148 of the Companies Act, 2013, the remuneration

payable to the Cost Auditor is required to be ratified by the

shareholders of the Company. Hence, the Ordinary Resolution

is placed before the Members for ratification and the Board

recommends the same.

Memorandum of Interest

None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the

Company or their relatives is concerned or interested, financially

or otherwise, in the aforesaid Ordinary Resolution.

By order of the Board

Chennai

Rekha Surendhiran

June 22, 2023

Company Secretary:

Managing Director and

Sridharan Rangarajan, Director – Finance & Strategy.

They, along with the leadership team have been able

to promote solidarity and a resilient spirit among

employees across the globe. I thank our colleagues for

performing under challenging situations, extending

support to each other in overcoming these challenges

and converting them into opportunities.

After serving CUMI in various positions for about 37

years, N Ananthaseshan,: Managing Director, will be

stepping down from the Board. He will retire from

CUMI at the close of business hours on 2nd August 2023.

Ananth led CUMI during its most challenging times - the

unprecedented COVID-19 pandemic and the continuing

global uncertainties from the Russia-Ukraine conflict.

He was also at the helm of affairs when CUMI renewed

its inorganic growth strategies and made several

acquisitions in Financial Year 2021-22, both in India and

overseas. During his tenure as a Managing Director,

CUMI has grown by over Rupees 20 billion and has

also been able to navigate challenging situations and

capitalise on many growth opportunities. He has also

developed and nurtured a young, energetic leadership

team to manage CUMI under the next leader. He leaves

CUMI well-positioned for its next growth phase. CUMI

wishes him well in his retirement and thanks him for his

dedicated and passionate service during his long career

with CUMI.

Sridharan Rangarajan, well-known to all of you, has been

appointed as the next Managing Director of CUMI and

will take over from Ananth on 3rd August 2023. Sridhar

has been an integral part of CUMI’s strategy and growth

for over a decade. I am confident that his experience

and knowledge will ensure a smooth transition as

CUMI makes significant shifts for the future. I welcome

Sridhar to this new role and wish him the very best.

I also take this opportunity to welcome Jurgen Neubert,

the Chief Executive Officer of the German subsidiaries

in Europe, and Ralf Blechschmidt who has joined us

as the Managing Director of CUMI AWUKO Abrasives

GmbH.

My most grateful thanks to my colleagues on the Board

for their support and guidance. They have always

been very generous with their time. During the year,

they spent quality time and helped shape our strategy

with their insightful questions and perspectives. Their

presence and enthusiastic interactions at our plants and

offices was encouraging and inspiring. I appreciate their

wise counsel in navigating a challenging, difficult year

to ensure good performance and a sound governance

framework.

In our journey to make a material difference, the belief

and trust of all our stakeholders is crucial. I thank every

customer, supplier, vendor, banker, regulatory agency,

legal advisor, financial and tax advisor, consultant, and

you – our shareholder, for your unstinted support. This

gives us the faith to make material progress.

With warm regards,

M M Murugappan

Managing Director Suresh Letchmanan, also a certified

coach, flew down to Chennai for a three-day camp with

the MYFA kids.

Signing the agreement between Borussia Dortmund,

CUMI and AMM Foundation to promote football

A CCSD student getting hands-on

experience of the filing process

Company Overview

Annual Report 2022-23

71:

Managing Director of Lakshmi Machine Works Limited

and as the Chairman of Super Sales India Limited. He is also on the Boards of

several Companies including, The Lakshmi Mills Company Limited, Lakshmi

Electrical Control Systems Limited, Lakshmi Cargo Company Limited,

Lakshmi Technology and Engineering Industries Limited etc.

Sanjay Jayavarthanavelu

54 years

Mr Aroon Raman holds a Master’s degree in Economics from Jawaharlal

Nehru University, New Delhi, and a MBA from the Wharton School,

University of Pennsylvania, USA. He was the: Managing Director of Raman

Boards and then Raman Fibre Science Private Limited. He has served as

Managing Director of State Bank of Indore.

She retired as Deputy: Managing Director, Stressed Asset Management

Group of State Bank of India. She is currently on the Boards of Ramco

Systems Limited, Sundaram Trustee Company Limited, Rajapalayam Mills

Limited, Shanti Gears Limited and Bank of Baroda.

Soundara Kumar

68 years

Mr Sridharan Rangarajan is a member of the Institute of Chartered

Accountants of India, a graduate member of the Institute of Cost Accountants

of India and holds a Bachelor’s degree in Commerce from Madurai University.

He has about 35 years of cumulative experience in various fields like

banking, manufacturing, contracting, service and distribution businesses.

He is associated with the Murugappa Group since June 2011 as the Chief

Financial Officer of CUMI till January 2018 after which he took over as the

President and Group CFO of the Murugappa Group. He is currently on the

Boards of Cholamandalam Financial Holdings Limited, Cholamandalam MS

General Insurance Company Limited, Cholamandalam MS Risk Services

Limited, E.I.D Parry (India) Limited, Parry Agro Industries Limited, PLUSS

Advanced Technologies Limited and Net Access India Limited. He has also

served on the Board of Timken India Limited. He joined the Board of CUMI

on 1st July 2021 as its Director - Finance & Strategy

Sridharan Rangarajan

57 years

Mr N Ananthaseshan holds an M Tech degree in Material Science from

the Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur and a Master’s degree in

Applied Sciences from PSG College of Technology, Coimbatore. He has

been associated with the Company since 1986 and has over 35 years of

experience, including as Head of both the Electrominerals & Abrasives

businesses. Ananthaseshan serves as a Director on the Boards of Wendt

(India) Limited, Sterling Abrasives Limited, Volzhsky Abrasive Works, PLUSS

Advanced Technologies and various other subsidiaries of the Company,

in addition to serving as the

Managing Director (DIN 02402921)

Committees of the Board

Audit Committee

Sanjay Jayavarthanavelu, Chairman

Sujjain S Talwar

Aroon Raman

Soundara Kumar

Sridharan Rangarajan

Nomination and Remuneration Committee

Sanjay Jayavarthanavelu, Chairman

Aroon Raman

P S Raghavan

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

Aroon Raman, Chairman

P S Raghavan

N Ananthaseshan

Risk Management Committee

P S Raghavan, Chairman

Aroon Raman

N Ananthaseshan

Stakeholders Relationship Committee

M M Murugappan, Chairman

P S Raghavan

Sridharan Rangarajan

N Ananthaseshan

MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE

N Ananthaseshan,: Managing

Managing Director for a second term

from 23rd November 2022 to 31st December 2024. The Board

considered and approved his appointment on 28th October 2022

and the approval of the shareholders had been obtained vide a

postal ballot process on 7th December 2022.

The Company has received declarations from all its Independent

Directors confirming that they meet the criteria of independence

prescribed both under the Companies Act, 2013 and the Listing

Regulations. In the opinion of the Board, all the Directors

appointed/re-appointed during the year are persons with

integrity, expertise and possess relevant experience in their

respective fields.

All the Independent Directors of the Company have registered

their names in the Independent Director’s Databank as required

under the Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules referred therein.

The Independent Directors are also required to take up an

online proficiency self-assessment test within two years from

the date of inclusion of their name in the Independent Directors’

databank with an exemption provided to Directors fulfilling the

criteria prescribed under the Act and the Rules referred therein.

The completion of the online proficiency self-assessment test is

exempted for most of the Directors. Some of the Independent

Directors including those required to do so have completed

the self-assessment. Mr. P S Raghavan and Mrs. Soundara

Kumar (though being exempt) have completed their proficiency

self-assessment within the timelines.

As on the date of this Report, Mr. N Ananthaseshan, Managing

Director, Mr. Sridharan Rangarajan, Director - Finance &

Strategy, Mr. P Padmanabhan, Chief Financial Officer and

Ms. Rekha Surendhiran, Company Secretary are the Key

Managerial Personnel of the Company as per Section 203 of the

Companies Act, 2013.

Board Meetings

During the year, eight Board Meetings were held, the details of

which are given in the Corporate Governance Report.

Board Evaluation

Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and

the Listing Regulations, the Board carried out an annual

performance evaluation of its own performance, the Directors

individually as well as the evaluation of the working of its

various Committees as per the evaluation framework adopted

by the Board on the recommendation of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee. Structured assessment forms were

used in the overall Board evaluation comprising various aspects

of the Board’s functioning in terms of structure, its meetings,

strategy, governance and other dynamics of its functioning

besides the financial reporting process, internal controls and:

Managing Director’s evaluation was based on leadership

qualities, strategic planning, communication, engagement with

the Board etc.

The Chairman was also evaluated based on the key aspects

of his role. The performance evaluation of the Independent

Directors was carried out by the entire Board. The performance

evaluation of the Chairman, the Board as a whole and the

Non-Independent Directors was carried out by the Independent

Directors at their separate meeting held during the year.

The Board evaluation process continues to be conducted in a

paperless mode.

Policy on Appointment and Remuneration of Directors

Pursuant to Section 178(3) of the Companies Act, 2013, the

Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board has

formulated the criteria for Board nominations as well as the

policy on remuneration for Directors and employees of the

Company.

The criteria for Board nominations lays down the qualification

norms in terms of personal traits, experience, background and

standards for independence besides the positive attributes

required for a person to be inducted into the Board of the

Company. Criteria for induction into Senior Management

positions have also been laid down.

The Remuneration policy provides the framework for

remunerating the members of the Board, Key Managerial

Personnel and other employees of the Company. This Policy

is guided by the principles and objectives enumerated in

Section 178(4) of the Companies Act, 2013 and reflects the

remuneration philosophy and principles of the Murugappa

Group to ensure reasonableness and sufficiency of remuneration

to attract, retain and motivate competent resources, a clear

relationship of remuneration to performance and a balance

between rewarding short and long-term performance of the

Company. The policy lays down broad guidelines for payment of

remuneration to Executive and Non-Executive Directors within

the limits approved by the shareholders. Further details are

available in the Corporate Governance Report. During the year,

the Remuneration Policy was amended in line with the changes

in SEBI Listing Regulations.

The Board Nomination criteria and the Remuneration

policy are available on the website of the Company at

https://www.cumi- murugappa.com/policies-disclosure/.

Composition of Audit Committee

The Audit Committee of the Board comprises five members of

which majority are Independent Directors i.e. four members.

Mr. Sanjay Jayavarthanavelu is the Chairman and other

members are Mr. Aroon Raman, Mr. Sujjain S Talwar, Mrs.

Soundara Kumar and Mr. Sridharan Rangarajan. During the year,

six Audit Committee meetings were held, the details of which

are provided in the Corporate Governance Report.

Statutory Auditors

In line with the requirements of the Companies Act, 2013,

the Company, with the approval of the shareholders at the

Annual General Meeting held on 1st August 2022 re-appointed

M/s. Price Waterhouse Chartered Accountants LLP (Reg. No.

FRN 012754N/N500016) (PWC) as the Statutory Auditors of

the Company to hold office from the conclusion of 68th Annual

General Meeting until the conclusion of the 73rd Annual General

Meeting (AGM) on a remuneration of ₹62,50,000/- (excluding

out of pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with

the Audit and applicable taxes) for the FY 2022-23 and the

remuneration decided by the Board for the subsequent years

based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee.

As required under Regulation 33 of the Listing Regulations,

the Auditors have confirmed that they hold a valid certificate

issued by the Peer Review Board of the Institute of Chartered

Accountants of India.

The Report given by M/s. Price Waterhouse Chartered

Accountants LLP on the Financial Statements of the Company

for the year ended 31st March 2023 is provided in the financial

section of the Annual Report.

There are no qualifications, reservations, adverse remarks or

disclaimers given by the Auditors in their report. During the

year under review, the Auditors have not reported any matter

under Section 143(12) of the Companies Act, 2013, and hence

there are no details to be disclosed under Section 134(3)(ca) of

the Act.

Cost Auditors

Pursuant to Section 148 of the Companies Act, 2013, read

with Companies (Cost Records and Audit) Rules, 2014 and

amendments thereof, the Company is required to maintain

cost accounting records in respect of products of the Company

covered under CETA categories like Organic and Inorganic

chemicals, Electrical or Electronic machinery, Steel, Plastic and

Polymers, Ores and Mineral products, other Machinery, Base

Metals etc. Further, the cost accounting records maintained by

the Company are required to be audited.

The Board, on the recommendation of the Audit Committee,

had appointed M/s. S Mahadevan & Co. (Firm No. 000007),

Cost Accountants, Chennai to audit the cost accounting records

maintained by the Company under the said Rules for the

FY 2022-23 on a remuneration of ₹5,00,000/-. Further, they

have also been appointed by the Board to conduct the cost

audit for the FY 2023-24 at a same remuneration of ₹5,00,000/-.

The Companies Act, 2013, mandates that the remuneration

payable to the Cost Auditor is ratified by the shareholders.

Accordingly, a resolution seeking the shareholders’ ratification

of the remuneration payable to the Cost Auditor for the:

Managing Director

21,957,185

M.Sc (Applied Science),

M.Tech Material Science (37)

19.02.1986(d)

-

Bhaskharan Kannun (57)

Head- Human

Resource

7,873,550

MSW (Personnel

Management) (34)

29.10.2020

Tube Investments of

India Limited

Ninad M Gadgil (52)

Head - Abrasives

17,958,529

BE (Electronics) & PGDBM

(Marketing) (28)

04.11.2019

Country Business

Leader - Health Care,

3M India Limited

Narayanan R (57)

Vice President-Finance

-Abrasives

7,248,276

ACWA, ACS (32)

19.03.1998

Cutfast Abrasives

Limited

Padmanabhan P (55)

Chief Financial Officer

8,196,249

B.Com, Grad CWA, ACA,

PGDFM (35)

01.07.1994(d)

-

Rajeev Singhal (55)

Vice President - Sales

(Abrasives)

7,335,971

PGDBA (33)

25.07.1991(d)

-

Rekha Surendhiran (45)

Company Secretary

7,147,054

B.com, ACS,PGDFM,MBL (24)

23.08.2013

Cholamandalam MS

General Insurance

Co. Ltd.

Sivakumaran M V (51)

Head-Electrominerals

8,463,418

M.Sc, MBA & M.Tech (26)

01.07.1996(d)

-

Sridharan Rangarajan (57)

Director-Finance &

Strategy

24,000,966

B.Com, ACA, Grad CWA (37)

22.06.2011

CFO, Indian

Operations - TIMKEN

Vijayalakshmi D (57)

Vice President

- Corporate

Communications

8,060,935

B.Sc Physics (34)

21.01.2010

Ogilvy Public

Relations

B.

Details of employees who were employed for part of the year and earning eight lakh and fifty thousand rupees per month apart

from the top ten employees:

Name and Age

Designation/

Nature of duties

Gross

remuneration

paid (₹)

Qualification &

experience (years)

Date of

commencement

of employment

Previous

employment

1

2

3

4

5

6

Rajendran V G (53)

Head - Refractories

and prodorite

10,384,905

B.E. (Metallurgy) and PGD in

Management (34)

25.10.2017

C.O.O.- Foundry

Division, Mahindra

CIE Automotive

Shyam S Rao (60)

Head - Industrial

Ceramics

14,294,572

B.Tech Metallurgy,

MS Material Science,

Ph.D. Material Science (29)

07.05.1999

Widia India Limited

Notes:

a)

Remuneration as shown above includes salary,

allowances, Company’s contribution to provident,

superannuation and gratuity funds, medical facilities

and perquisites valued as per income-tax rules.

During the year, no Options were granted under the

Employees Stock Option Scheme, 2007. During the

year, eligible employees were granted in aggregate

276,500 Options under the Employee Stock Option

Plan 2016. The employee-wise grant details are

available in the disclosure under Securities and

Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee

Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021

uploaded on the website of the Company. The

Employee Stock Options granted to employees in the

earlier period are accounted based on fair value as

per Indian Accounting Standards.

b)

The employment of the above persons is whole time

in nature and terminable with 3 months’ notice on

either side.:

Managing Director). Hence, the details required

under Rule 5(3) (viii) is not applicable.

d)

Date of joining as graduate engineer trainee/

management trainee.

e)

The remuneration details are for the period 1st April

2022 to 31st March 2023 and all other particulars are

as on 31st March 2023.

f)

None of the employees of the Company other than

those listed above were in receipt of remuneration

for the FY 2022- 23 in excess of one crore and two

lakh rupees per year or eight lakh and fifty thousand

rupees per month. With respect to employees who

were employed for part of the year and received

remuneration not less than eight lakhs and fifty

thousand per month whose details are disclosed

above, they had superannuated/resigned from the

Company during the year and the remuneration

includes their retirement/settlement benefits.

C.

The details of remuneration during the financial year

2022- 23 as per Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment

and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules,

2014 as amended by the Companies (Appointment and

Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Amendment

Rules, 2016 are as follows:

(i)

Ratio of remuneration of each Director to the median

remuneration of the employees of the Company for

the financial year:

Name

Designation

Ratio

Mr. M M Murugappan

Chairman

16.00

Mr. Sanjay Jayavarthanavelu Independent Director

2.81

Mr. Aroon Raman

Independent Director

3.04

Mr. P S Raghavan

Independent Director

3.53

Mr. Sujjain S Talwar

Independent Director

2.43

Mrs. Soundara Kumar

Independent Director

2.58

Mr. N Ananthaseshan: Managing Director

33.39

Mr. Sridharan Rangarajan

Director-Finance &

Strategy

36.50

(ii)

Percentage increase in the remuneration of each

Director, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial

Officer, Company Secretary in the financial year:

Name

Designation

Increase (%)

Mr. M M Murugappan

Managing Director

2

2

3.

Provide the web-link where Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by the board are disclosed on the website of the company:

(i)

Composition of the CSR Committee: https://www.cumi-murugappa.com/wp content/uploads/2019/04/committee-composition.pdf

(ii)

CSR Policy: https://www.cumi-murugappa.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/CSR-Policy-2021.pdf

(iii) CSR Projects: https://www.cumi-murugappa.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/CSR-projects-for-the-FY-2022-23.pdf

4.

Provide the executive summary along with web-link(s) of Impact Assessment of CSR

Projects carried out in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 8, if applicable.

Though the Company is not required to conduct a formal impact assessment of its CSR

projects, the activities which are undertaken on recurring basis continue to be part of

its overall CSR programmes only after due assessment is undertaken. The expansion of

the skill development centre from Hosur to areas such as Ranipet, Cochin over the last

few years is a testimony to this effect. The Company recognises growth to be inclusive

and undertakes a lot of community initiatives in and around its plant activities which

necessarily does not form part of this report. Initiatives through implementing agencies

are also undertaken only basis an assessment of the local requirements.

5.

(a)

Average net profit of the Company as per Section 135(5)

₹2470.44 Million

(b)

Two per cent of average net profit of the company as per section 135(5)

₹49.41 Million

(c)

Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous

financial years

-

(d)

Amount required to be set off for the financial year, if any

₹11.58 Million (During the year 2022-23 the Committee and the Board considered

setting off ₹11.58 Million out of the excess spends made by the Company until 2021-22

which aggregated to 16.14 Million.)

(e)

Total CSR obligation for the financial year [(b)+(c)-(d)]

₹37.83 Million:

Managing Director

9.

Does the Company have a specified Committee of the

Board/Director responsible for decision making on

Sustainability related issues? (Yes/No). If yes, provide

details.

Yes, The Board and its Committees bear the primary

responsibility for overseeing the strategy, governance,

compliance, stakeholder interest, risk management, and

sustainability practices of the Company, including the

identification, mitigation, and management of ESG risks and

other material issues. We have established several Board

committees to address business concerns, such as the Audit

Committee, Risk Management Committee, Stakeholders'

Relationship Committee, and Corporate Social Responsibility

Committee.

1.

Risk Management Committee: The Risk Committee is

responsible for identifying and assessing Environmental,

Social, and Governance (ESG) risks that may impact the

Company's operations or reputation. The committee

analyses these risks and recommends appropriate

strategies and actions to mitigate them. By proactively

addressing ESG risks, we can better protect its stakeholders

and improve its long-term sustainability.

2.

ESG Committee: The ESG Committee is responsible for

implementing the Company's ESG policies and strategies.

This involves coordinating with various departments

and stakeholders to ensure that ESG considerations

are integrated into business operations and decision-

making processes. The committee also monitors progress

towards ESG goals and identifies areas for improvement,

enabling the Company to continuously enhance its ESG

performance.

3.

Audit Committee: The Audit Committee is responsible

for reviewing the Company's financial performance

and ensuring that it complies with legal and regulatory

requirements. In addition, the committee reviews the

Company's ESG performance and sustainability reporting,

ensuring that they are accurate, transparent, and provide

relevant information to stakeholders. Through this

oversight, the committee helps to maintain our reputation

and build trust with its stakeholders.

4.

Stakeholder Committee: The Stakeholder Committee is

responsible for monitoring and addressing grievances

from all Stakeholders, including Customers, Employees,

Suppliers, and Communities. The committee ensures

that stakeholder concerns are heard and addressed in

a timely and effective manner, enhancing stakeholder

satisfaction and loyalty. Through this approach, we build

stronger relationships with its stakeholders and improve

its reputation as a responsible and ethical business.

10. Details of Review of National Guidelines on Responsible Business Conduct (NGRBCs) by the Company

Subject for Review

Indicate whether review was undertaken

by Director/Committee of the Board/Any

other Committee

Frequency (Annually/Half yearly/

Quarterly/Any other - please specify)

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

Performance against above policies and

follow-up action

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Q

Q

Q

Q

Q

Q

Q

Q

Q

Compliance with statutory requirements

of relevance to the principles, and,

rectification of any non- compliances

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Q

Q

Q

Q

Q

Q

Q

Q

Q

Note: As part of a regular process, the department heads, business leaders, functional heads and senior management staff review the

Company’s policies to ensure their continued relevance and effectiveness. Any necessary adjustments to the policies and processes are

made during this assessment, and the policies are presented to the Board of Directors as needed. The Company and its subsidiaries

ensure adherence to applicable regulations and have established compliance management system to this effect.:

letter and spirit of the

law and its own demanding levels of business ethics.

Our key elements in Corporate Governance are transparency,

internal

controls,

risk

management,

internal/external

communications and good standards of safety, health,

environment and quality. The Corporate Governance philosophy

of the Company is driven by the fundamental principles of:

Adhering to the governance standards beyond the: letter of law;

Maintaining transparency and high degree of disclosure levels;

Maintaining a clear distinction between personal and corporate

interest, Having a transparent corporate structure driven by

business needs; and Ensuring compliance with applicable laws.

The Board has been constituted in an appropriate manner, to

preserve its independence and to separate the Board functions

of Governance and Management. The Board members are

eminent persons and have collective experience in diverse

fields of technology, engineering, banking, foreign affairs,

management, legal and compliance. The Company’s day-to-day

affairs are managed by the Managing

letter and spirit. This manual was prepared with a view to give clarity on ethical issues, maintaining transparency in

all dealings and to practice ethics in a dynamic business environment. It is required to be adhered by all employees, the Company’s

Code of Conduct, Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading, Diversity policy, Policy on prevention of sexual harassment,

ethical guidelines on stakeholder dealing, Whistle Blower policy (https://www.cumi-murugappa.com/wp-content/themes/CUMI/

pdf/policies/Whistle-Blower-Policy.pdf) which are also enshrined in the Right Path serve as a guiding norm in matters relating to

ethics, anti-bribery and anti-corruption for all employees.:

Managing Director "Thinking aloud",

goal setting and performance appraisal

meetings/review,

exit

interviews,

arbitration/union meetings, wellness

initiatives, engagement survey, email,

intranet,

flat

screens,

websites,

poster campaigns, house magazines,

circulars, quarterly publication and

newsletters etc.

Ongoing

Operational efficiencies, improvement

areas,

long-term

strategy

plans,

training and awareness, responsible

marketing,

brand

communication,

health,

safety

and

engagement

initiatives, women empowerment and

leadership programmes.

Customers

No

Website,

distributor/retailer/direct

customer/achievers

meets,

senior

leader

customer

meets/visits,

customer plant visits, customer audits,

club,

key

account

management,

trade body membership, Exhibitions,

complaints management, help desk,

plans, customer surveys etc.

Ongoing

Product

quality

and

availability,

responsiveness to needs, after sales

service,

responsible

guidelines/

manufacturing,

customisation,

alignment with the mission/vision/

goals of the Company.

Suppliers/

Partners

No

Prequalification/vetting/introduction/

communication and the partnership

meets, plant visits, MoU and framework

agreements, trade association meets/

seminars,

professional

networks,

contract management/review, product

workshops/on-site

presentations,

satisfaction surveys.

Ongoing

Quality, timely delivery and payments,

(sustainability,

safety

checks,

compliances, ethical behaviour), ISO

and OHSAS standards, collaboration and

opportunities, effective supply chain

management.

Government

(MCA, SEBI,

PCB, Ministry

of Labour and

Employment)

No

Advocacy

meetings

with

local/

state/national

government

and

ministries, seminars, media releases,

conferences,

membership

with

industry bodies (CII, SICCI etc).

Ongoing

Changes in regulatory frameworks, skill

and capacity building, employment,

environmental

measures,

policy

advocacy,

timely

contribution

to

exchequer/local

infrastructure,

proactive engagement.:

Managing Director and other senior leaders who represent these

functions. This approach ensures that the Board is informed about important stakeholder issues and is able to provide input and

guidance on how the Company can best address them. We discuss the aspects listed in “Sl. No. 6 of essential indicators” with the

respective stakeholders. A brief of items that are being discussed in the meetings are listed below.

•

Investors: Screening of ESG, discussions to understand Company's operations are aligned with its ESG obligations and to mitigate

any potential risks.

•

Leadership team and employees: Consultation revolves around ESG/sustainability implementation aspects and ongoing activities

to keep them informed and involved in the Company's efforts to improve its ESG performance.

•

Contractors: Consultation on OHS (Occupational Health and Safety) requirements at the site, as well as facility environmental

requirements on waste handling and disposal, to ensure that they are aware of their responsibilities towards ESG.

•

Channel partners: Consultation on product delivery standards and requirements, market requirements, and other relevant

inputs to ensure that they are aware of the Company's ESG expectations.

•

Community: Consultation on disaster management plans, environmental monitoring plans etc., We have installed display boards

at the entrance gate to ensure transparent communication of our environmental information to the community. This helps to

build trust and demonstrates our commitment to environmental and social responsibility.

2.

Whether stakeholder consultation is used to support the identification and management of environmental, and social topics

(Yes/No). If so, provide details of instances as to how the inputs received from stakeholders on these topics were incorporated

into policies and activities of the entity.

We recognise the importance of stakeholder consultation in our decision-making process, particularly in matters concerning

environmental and social issues. Through these consultations, we gained valuable insights into the needs of the community, especially

those from marginalised or vulnerable groups, which helped us develop our Corporate Social Responsibility programs.

In some cases, our customers and suppliers may conduct ESG audits to evaluate our performance in ESG areas. By clearing these

audits, we demonstrate our commitment to sustainable business practices and ethical behaviour. This enables us to establish and

maintain positive relationships with our stakeholders, which ultimately contributes to our long-term success as a responsible and

trusted business partner. As a responsible Company, we also acknowledge the growing demand from stakeholders to address

various evolving frameworks in the ESG (Environmental, Social, and Governance) world. We are committed to keeping up with these

developments and plan to address them in the near future.:

letter and spirit of the law and its own demanding levels of

business ethics. CUMI considers Corporate Governance as the

cornerstone for sustained superior performance and for serving

all its stakeholders. The Company’s continuing contribution to

the society through meaningful Corporate Social Responsibility

initiatives, be it direct initiatives through the CUMI Centre for

Skill Development or indirect initiatives through contributions

to eligible implementing agencies in the core sectors of health &

education, plays a significant role in its governance framework.

The entire process begins with the functioning of the Board

of Directors, with leading professionals and experts serving

as Independent Directors and representing in various Board

Committees. The various measures undertaken by the Company

in the last few years to combat the unprecedented COVID-19

pandemic and yet carry on operations in the interest of its

stakeholders with utmost safety, reinforces our commitment to

core values, sustainability, and governance principles. Constant

[Pursuant to Schedule V of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations,2015]

value creation for the shareholders - both organically as well as

inorganically continues to be the driving force for CUMI over its

more than 6 decades of operations.

The Company has always believed in and practices the highest

standards of Corporate Governance since its inception and

considers that sound governance practices are crucial for its

smooth and efficient operations as well as its ability to attract

investments, balancing the interests of all its stakeholders and

providing shareholder value. The behaviour and ethics of an

organisation are considered to be two defining characteristics of

any company critical to not only successful leadership but also

in ensuring long term sustainability. Even during challenging

times such as the current situation affected by global crisis,

the Management continuously adheres to simple principles of

behavioural ethics with its conviction of purpose for sustainable

growth. CUMI’s ethical and responsible behaviour complements

its corporate culture which is guided by the following norm:

“The fundamental principle of economic activity is that no man

you transact with will lose; then you shall not.”

The Corporate Governance philosophy of the Company is driven

by the fundamental principles of:

•

Adhering to the governance standards beyond the: letter of

law;

•

Maintaining transparency and high degree of disclosure

levels;

•

Maintaining a clear distinction between personal and

corporate interest;

•

Having a transparent corporate structure driven by

business needs; and

•

Ensuring compliance with applicable laws.

The above principles not only enables the Management in

leading from the front during global crisis & disaster and volatile

business conditions but also provides the leadership with

cautious optimism and confidence to not only survive these

tough times but emerge stronger.

The Company’s constant endeavour for corporate excellence

has been well recognised through incessant awards and

accolades reiterating its commitment to governance standards.

CUMI has already been the recipient of the coveted Golden

Peacock awards in Corporate Ethics and Corporate Governance

in the past years. The Company’s Annual Reports (FY 2018-19

and 2019- 20) have in the past won prestigious ICAI award for

excellence in financial reporting in manufacturing and trading

sector and were also selected by the South Asian Federation of

Accountants for the Certificate of Merit in the Manufacturing

Sector category. In FY 2021-22, the Company had been chosen

as a “Best Managed” Company in India’s first ever best managed

companies awards by Deloitte. The Best Managed Companies

is a marquee Deloitte programme. The globally celebrated

award was introduced in India last year and the Company

Managing Director is

annexed to this Report. The Board is committed to representing the

long-term interests of the stakeholders, providing effective

governance over the Company’s affairs and exercising

reasonable business judgement on the affairs of the Company.

2.1 Composition

The Board has been constituted in an appropriate manner, to

preserve its independence and to separate the Board functions of

governance and management. The Board members are eminent

persons and have collective experience in diverse fields of

technology, engineering, banking, foreign affairs, management,

legal and compliance. The Directors are nominated based on

their qualification and experience in varied fields. The Board

has formulated a Board Diversity policy to ensure an optimum

composition such that the talent of all members of the Board

blend together to be as effective as possible. The Board has

an appropriate mix of Executive/Non-Executive as well as

Independent Directors including a Woman Director to ensure a

balanced management and high governance.

As at 31st March 2023, the Board comprises 8 members with a

majority of them being Independent Directors.

Name

Category

No. of

Directorships/

(Chairmanships)

in companies

including CUMI (a)

No. of other

Directorships

No. of Committee

Memberships/

(Chairmanships)

in companies

including CUMI(b)

No. of

Board

meetings

attended

Attendance

at last AGM

Shares held

in CUMI

M M Murugappan

DIN - 00170478

Promoter &

Non-Executive

Director

5(4)

7

3(2)

8

Yes

691,340

Sanjay Jayavarthanavelu

DIN - 00004505

Non-Executive &

Independent Director

7(2)

5

1(1)

8

Yes

Nil

Aroon Raman

DIN - 00201205

Non-Executive &

Independent Director

4

4

4

8

Yes

Nil

P S Raghavan

DIN - 07812320

Non-Executive &

Independent Director

1

2

1

8

Yes

Nil

Sujjain S Talwar

DIN - 01756539

Non-Executive &

Independent Director

3

2

3(1)

7

Yes

Nil

Soundara Kumar

DIN - 01974515

Non-Executive &

Independent Director

7

-

6(2)

8

Yes

Nil

Sridharan Rangarajan

DIN - 01814413

Whole time Director-

Finance & Strategy

8

2

5

8

Yes

213,868

N Ananthaseshan

DIN - 02402921: Managing

Managing Director

Super Sales India Limited

Non-Executive and Non-Independent Chairman

The Lakshmi Mills Company Limited

Non-Executive and Non-Independent Director

Lakshmi Electrical Control Systems Limited

Aroon Raman (AR)

Wheels India Limited

Independent Director

Lakshmi Machine Works Limited

Brigade Enterprises Limited

P S Raghavan (PSR)

-

-

Sujjain S Talwar (SST)

Alkem Laboratories Limited

Independent Director

Soundara Kumar (SK)

Rajapalayam Mills Limited

Independent Director

Tamil Nadu Newsprint & Papers Limited

Shanthi Gears Limited

Ramco Systems Limited

Bank of Baroda

Sridharan Rangarajan (SR)

Cholamandalam Financial Holdings Limited

Non-Executive and Non- Independent Director

E.I.D Parry (India) Limited

N Ananthaseshan

Wendt (India) Limited

Non-Executive and Non-Independent Director

Changes in Board composition during the financial year 2022-23

During the year ended 31st March 2023, there were no changes in the Board composition other than as detailed below:

Name

Category

Nature of change

P S Raghavan

Non-Executive

Independent Director

The Board of Directors at their meeting held on 4th May 2022 recommended the

re-appointment of Mr. P S Raghavan as Non-Executive Independent Director to the

shareholders for a second term of 5 years effective 9th May 2022. The re-appointment

was approved by the shareholders at the 68th AGM held on 1st August 2022.

Sujjain S Talwar

Non-Executive

Independent Director

The Board of Directors at their meeting held on 4th May 2022 recommended the

re-appointment of Mr. Sujjain S Talwar as Non-Executive Independent Director to the

shareholders for a second term of 5 years effective 9th May 2022. The re-appointment

was approved by the shareholders at the 68th AGM held on 1st August 2022.

N Ananthaseshan: Managing

letter of appointment is given to him/her, along with a

Directors’ handbook which inter alia explains the role, function,

duties and responsibilities expected of him/her as a Director

of the Company. The handbook also enumerates the list of

compliance obligations and other disclosures required from

the Director under the Companies Act, Listing Regulations and

other relevant regulations. Newly inducted Audit Committee

members are provided with an Audit Committee manual

which broadly covers the regulatory scenario in India, current

practices in the Company, Indian and global best practices etc.

These handbooks are updated periodically for regulatory as

well as policy changes and updated copies of the handbooks

are provided to all the Directors. Further, the Code of Conduct

which includes the values, principles and beliefs guiding the

Company as well as the duties and responsibilities of the

Directors including that of an Independent Director is given to

the Director at the time of induction which is affirmed annually.

In addition, the Board members have an opportunity and

access to interact with the Senior Management any time they

wish to.

By way of an introduction to the Company, the newly inducted

Director is presented with a corporate dossier which traces

the Company’s history over 60 years of its existence and

gives a glimpse of value chain of its products. The Managing

Director at the first Board meeting in which the new Director

participates or at a mutually convenient time makes a detailed

presentation on the Company, its various business segments

and profile, manufacturing locations, organisation structure

and other market related information. Exclusive plant visits

are also organised for the new Director. Further, with a view to

familiarise the existing Directors with the Company’s operations

on an ongoing basis, plant visits are periodically organised for the

Directors. During the year, the Board visited the Electrominerals

Plants of the Company located in Edapally and Kakkanad on

16th February 2023. The physical plant visit provides the Board

members an opportunity to not only understand the business

and products of the Company better but also enables them

to be on the Shop floor interacting with the teams across the

plants and also understand the technology initiatives planned

by the Company in these plants to leverage the growth potential

in coming years. These visits provide them the requisite

understanding which facilitated the long term strategy review

discussion held on 16th and 17th February 2023 during the year.

In the backdrop of a dynamic regulatory scenario, regulatory

changes impacting the Company is briefed at meetings on

quarterly basis. Sometimes based on the urgency of the

amendment, the updates are provided on adhoc basis too.

Annually, a dedicated meeting of the Board for business plan/

strategy discussion is held, usually at the plant locations of

the Company. During the year, this meeting was held in Kochi.

Further, the Board is periodically updated on the inorganic

growth opportunities available as well as the status of recent

acquisitions by the Company. Periodically, the Directors'

responsibilities and liabilities with respect to the subsidiaries

especially the overseas entities are also briefed. The Board is also

regularly updated on the technological initiatives undertaken in

businesses.

The above initiatives help the Directors to understand the

Company, its businesses and the regulatory framework in which the

Company operates, thus enabling him/her to effectively fulfill their

role as a Director of the Company. The details of the familiarisation

programme is uploaded and is available on the Company’s website

at the following link https://www.cumi-murugappa.com/policies-

disclosure/.

2.5 Board evaluation

During the year, the Board conducted an evaluation of its own

performance, individual Directors as well as the working of the

Committees as per the Board evaluation framework adopted by

it. The manner and criteria for the evaluation of the Directors

including the Independent Directors of the Company is detailed

in the Directors’ Report.

3.

BOARD COMMITTEES

The Board has constituted various Committees for support

in discharging its responsibilities. There are five Committees

constituted by the Board - Audit Committee, Nomination and

Remuneration Committee, Risk Management Committee,

Stakeholders Relationship Committee and Corporate Social

Responsibility Committee. The Company Secretary acts as the

Secretary to the Committees of the Board.

The Board at the time of constitution of each Committee

determines the terms of reference and also delegates further

powers from time to time. Various recommendations of the

Committees are submitted to the Board for consideration &

approval and the minutes of all meetings of the Committees are

circulated to the Board for information.

In addition to the above, the Board from time to time constitutes

committees of Directors for specific purposes. However, no

meetings of the such Committees were held during the year.

3.1 Audit Committee

Terms of Reference

The role of the Audit Committee includes overseeing the financial

reporting process and disclosure of financial information, review

of financial statements before submission to the Board, review

of adequacy of internal control system, findings of internal audit,

whistle blower mechanism, scrutiny of inter-corporate loans &

investments, approval and review of related party transactions,

review of loans and/or advances from or to/investments made

in subsidiaries, review of compliance with the provisions of SEBI

(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015, valuation

of assets/undertakings of the Company, appointment of

registered valuers etc., besides recommending the appointment:

Managing Director. The Management Committee members

comprising the Senior Management executives are invited to

the meetings.

The Committee met on three occasions during the year on

6th June 2022, 28th October 2022 and 29th March 2023. The

composition of the Committee and attendance of members are

given below:

Name of Member

No. of meetings

attended (No. of

meetings held)

P S Raghavan, Chairman

3(3)

Aroon Raman

3(3)

N Ananthaseshan

3(3)

3.4 Stakeholders Relationship Committee

Terms of Reference

The terms of reference of this Committee includes formulation

of investor servicing policies, review of redressal of investor

complaints, approval/overseeing of transfers, transmissions,

transpositions, splitting, consolidation of securities, issue of

share certificates, demat/remat requests, review of service

standards in respect of various services rendered by the Registrar

& Share Transfer Agent, consider and resolve the grievances of

security holders of the Company and to determine, monitor and

review the standards for resolution of stakeholders grievance,

review measures taken for effective exercise of voting rights

by shareholders, review of various measures and initiatives

taken for reducing the quantum of unclaimed dividends and

ensuring timely receipt of dividend warrants/annual reports/

statutory notices by the shareholders, finalisation of terms of

issue of debt instruments including debentures, approval of

their allotment, administering the unclaimed shares suspense

account, authorising the terms of various borrowings & creating

security in respect thereof, allotment of shares on exercise

of Options by employees under the Employees Stock Option

Scheme/Plan and performing other functions as delegated to it

by the Board from time to time.

Composition & Meetings

The Committee comprises four members with one member

being an Independent Director.

The Committee met on four occasions during the year on

4th May 2022, 1st August 2022, 28th October 2022 and 31st January

2023. The composition of the Committee and attendance of

members are given below:

Name of Member

No. of meetings

attended (No. of

meetings held)

M M Murugappan, Chairman

4(4)

P S Raghavan

4(4)

Sridharan Rangarajan

4(4)

N Ananthaseshan

4 (4):

Managing Director as its members. The Management

Committee members are invited to the meetings. The

Committee met on two occasions during the year on

13th May 2022 and 31st January 2023. The composition of the

Committee and attendance of members are as follows:

Name of Member

No. of meetings

attended (No. of

meetings held)

Aroon Raman, Chairman

2(2)

P S Raghavan

2(2)

N Ananthaseshan

2(2)

4.

DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION

4.1 Policy

The ability to attract and retain talented and quality resources

is a significant characteristic of any successful organisation.

The Company’s Remuneration policy formulated by the

Nomination and Remuneration Committee provides the

framework for remuneration of the Board members as well

as all employees including the Key Managerial Personnel and

Senior Management. This policy is guided by the principles

and objectives enumerated in Section 178 of the Companies

Act, 2013 and the Listing Regulations to ensure reasonableness

and sufficiency of remuneration to attract, retain and motivate

competent resources, establish a clear relationship of

remuneration to performance and a balance between rewarding

short and long- term performance.

The compensation of an Executive Director comprises a fixed

component and a performance incentive based on certain

pre-agreed parameters. The compensation is determined

based on levels of responsibility and scales prevailing in

the industry. The Executive Directors are not paid sitting

fees for any Board/Committee meetings attended by

them. They are eligible for Employee Stock Options. Equity

based compensation is considered to be an integral part of

employee compensation across various sectors which enables

alignment of personal goals of employees with organisational

objectives. The summary of the Stock Options granted to

Mr. N Ananthaseshan and Mr. Sridharan Rangarajan is given in this

Report. No fresh grants were made to Mr. N Ananthaseshan and

Mr. Sridharan Rangarajan under the ESOP 2016 during the year.

The compensation to the Non-Executive Directors takes the

form of commission on profit. Though shareholders have

approved payment of commission up to 1 per cent of net profit

of the Company for each year, the actual commission paid to

the Directors is restricted to a fixed sum within the above limit.

This sum is reviewed periodically taking into consideration

various factors such as performance of the Company, time

spent by the Directors for attending to the affairs and business

of the Company and extent of responsibilities cast on Directors

under general laws and other relevant factors. In view of the

significant enhancement of the roles, duties and responsibilities

of the Non-Executive Directors under the existing regulatory

regime, the Board reviewed its compensation structure on

8th May 2023 for a revision in commission payable from

FY 2023-24.

In keeping with the evolving trends in industry, the practice of

paying differential commission to Directors based on the time

and efforts spent by them has also been adopted. Given the size

and nature of its operations and also the rich experience that

Mr. M M Murugappan possesses in the field of engineering, a

considerable amount of time is spent by him in connection with

the operations of the Company. Apart from playing an active

role in guiding and advising on matters connected with strategy

and management, he spends considerable time on developing/

managing relationships with the Company’s business partners

both in India and overseas. The Chairman also plays an active

role in matters connected with CUMI’s organisation culture

which is critical for the Company to deliver superior performance

besides devoting time for technology related issues impacting

the Company. Further, the Chairman spends a lot of time

participating in various events, conclaves and functions of

Industry bodies, Academic Institutions and interactions with

high level State Authorities in India and globally representing:

Managing Director

of the Company whose first term of office expired at closing

hours on 22nd November 2022. The shareholders approval was

sought for re-appointing him for second term of office until

31st December 2024.

For the above postal ballot exercise, Mr. R Sridharan, Practicing

Company Secretary of M/s. R Sridharan & Associates, who

had given his consent, was appointed as the Scrutiniser for

conducting the postal ballot through remote e-voting in a fair

and transparent manner. The notice for postal ballot was issued

in accordance with the provisions of Companies Act, 2013,

Listing Regulations and the circulars issued by the Ministry

of Corporate Affairs and the Securities and Exchange Board

of India. The Company had engaged the services of M/s. KFin

Technologies Limited to provide remote e-voting facility to its

members to exercise their votes electronically in a secured

manner on the resolution set forth in the postal ballot notice.

In compliance with the MCA Circulars, voting for the ordinary

resolution set out in the postal ballot notice was provided and

carried out through remote e-voting only. The remote e-voting

commenced on 8th November 2022 (9.00 a.m. IST) and closed

on 7th December 2022 (5.00 p.m. IST). The resolution was

passed with requisite majority on 7th December 2022 and

results were declared on 8th December 2022. The voting results

and the scrutiniser report is available at the Company’s website

at

https://www.cumi-murugappa.com/wp-content/themes/

CUMI/pdf/agm-2022/Voting-Results-of-Postal-Ballot.pdf

and

on the website of KFin Technologies Limited at https://evoting.

kfintech.com/ and also communicated to BSE Limited (BSE),

National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE).

Voting pattern of the Ordinary Resolution passed during the year 2022-23 through postal ballot:

Resolution

Voted cast in the favour of

the resolution

Voted cast Against of the

resolution

Invalid votes

No.

%

No.

%

No.

%

Re-appointment of Mr. N Ananthaseshan

(DIN: 02402921) as: Managing

Managing Director and Company Secretary. However,

transfer of shares in physical mode is prohibited effective

1st April 2019 pursuant to SEBI notification dated

8th June 2018. In respect of transmission of shares, all

requests are considered for approval by the Stakeholders

Relationship Committee.

Further, as an initiative to encourage mandatory updation

of KYC details in the physical folios and to avoid freezing

of folios, reminder letters were sent to the shareholders

at their last available addresses for furnishing of PAN, KYC

details and Nomination facilities by the holders of physical

securities.

In order to decrease the number of cases from unclaimed

suspense, steps were taken to reach out to the

shareholders at their last available contact details with

the Company/Registrar and share transfer agent in form

of emails, contact number and address. After verifying

the KYC of the shareholder, the shareholders were

informed on the procedure for claiming the shares from

the unclaimed suspense account. Further, letters were

sent to the shareholders at their last available address for

claiming the unclaimed shares.

Further, the shareholders were assisted in filing the

IEPF claims resulting in the approval of the majority of

the claims filed by the claimant and ensuring a smooth

transition in processing the claim. The said process

resulted in minimising the discrepancies in filing with the

IEPF authority.

As stated in the Corporate Governance Report, Members

holding shares in physical form are urged to dematerialise

the shares as they would be unable to transfer the shares

in physical form hereafter in view of the requirements

prescribed in this regard by SEBI.

4.

Unclaimed Shares

Particulars

No. of

share

holders

No. of

shares

Aggregate number of shareholders

and the outstanding shares lying in

the Unclaimed Suspense Account

at the beginning of the year

77

1,30,800

Number of shareholders whose

shares

have

been

transferred

during the year from the Unclaimed

Suspense Account to the Investor

Education and Protection Fund

Authority pursuant to Section

124(6) of the Companies Act, 2013*

6

5,080

Number

of

shareholders

who

approached

the

Company

for

transfer

of

shares

from

the

Unclaimed

Suspense

Account

during the year in response to the

Company’s reminders

2

2,190

Number of shareholders to whom

shares were transferred from the

Unclaimed

Suspense

Account

during the year

2

2,190

Aggregate number of shareholders

and the outstanding shares lying in

the Unclaimed Suspense Account

at the end of the year

69

1,23,530

*In respect of the shares transferred to the Investor

Education and Protection Fund Authority, shareholders are

entitled to claim these shares from the Investor Education

and Protection Fund Authority by making an application in

form IEPF-5 available on website http://www.iepf.gov.in/

IEPF/corporates.html along with the requisite documents

after complying with the prescribed procedure.

On receipt of a claim for transfer from the Unclaimed

Suspense Account, the Company will, after verification

and approval, credit the shares to the shareholder’s demat

account.

All corporate benefits in terms of securities accruing on

these shares like bonus shares, sub-division, etc., will also

be credited to the Unclaimed Suspense Account and the:

Managing Director:

Managing Director: Managing

letter of even date which is

annexed as “ANNEXURE - A” and forms an integral part of this

report.:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of

the management of the company. Our responsibility is to

express an opinion on these secretarial records based on

our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as

were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records

as per the Auditing Standards (CSAS-1 to CSAS-4) and

Guidance Notes on ICSI Auditing Standards and Guidance

Note on Secretarial Audit issued by The Institute of

Company Secretaries of India. The verification was done

to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial

records. We believe that the processes and practices, we

followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness

of financial records and Books of Accounts of the company

as well as correctness of the values and figures reported in

various disclosures and returns as required to be filed by

the company under the specified laws.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management

representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

5.

It is the responsibility of the management of the company

to devise proper systems to ensure compliance with the

provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules,

regulations, standards and to ensure that the systems are

adequate and operate effectively. Our examination was

limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to

the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted

the affairs of the Company.

For R.SRIDHARAN & ASSOCIATES

COMPANY SECRETARIES

CS R.SRIDHARAN

CP No. 3239

FCS No. 4775

PR. NO.657/2020

PLACE : CHENNAI

UIN: S2003TN063400

DATE : 08th MAY, 2023

UDIN: F004775E000269303

Annexure A:

Managing Director

Director - Finance & Strategy

DIN: 00170478

DIN: 02402921

DIN: 01814413

Subramanian Vivek

P. Padmanabhan

Rekha Surendhiran

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership Number: 100332

Chennai

May 08, 2023

Consolidated Balance Sheet

(in Indian Rupees million, unless otherwise stated):

Managing Director

Director - Finance & Strategy

DIN: 00170478

DIN: 02402921

DIN: 01814413

Subramanian Vivek

P. Padmanabhan

Rekha Surendhiran

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership Number: 100332

Chennai

May 08, 2023

Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss

(in Indian Rupees million, unless otherwise stated):

Managing Director

Director - Finance & Strategy

DIN: 00170478

DIN: 02402921

DIN: 01814413

Subramanian Vivek

P. Padmanabhan

Rekha Surendhiran

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership Number: 100332

Chennai

May 08, 2023

Consolidated Statement of changes in equity

(in Indian Rupees million, unless otherwise stated):

Managing Director

Director - Finance & Strategy

DIN: 00170478

DIN: 02402921

DIN: 01814413

Subramanian Vivek

P. Padmanabhan

Rekha Surendhiran

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership Number: 100332

Chennai

May 08, 2023

Consolidated Cash Flow Statement

(in Indian Rupees million, unless otherwise stated):

Managing Director - Refer Note: 23 of Standalone financial statements

22.12

19.13

Remuneration to Executive Director - Refer Note: 23 of Standalone financial statements

24.12

15.53

Welfare expenses

878.92

658.07

6923.13

4192.49

*includes expenses related to PLUSS ESOP scheme amounting ₹8.60 million(Previous year: ₹5.34 million) - Refer Note: 20

26. Finance costs

Particulars

For the year

2022-23

2021-22

Interest costs

- on Loans from Banks and others

200.24

36.07

- on Lease liabilities - Refer Note: 4B

30.59

14.46

Other borrowing costs

4.50

5.91

235.33

56.44

27. Depreciation and amortisation expenses

Particulars

For the year

2022-23

2021-22

Depreciation of property, plant and equipment - Refer 4A

1502.75

1007.51

Depreciation of Right to use asset - Refer 4B

97.12

49.63

Amortisation of intangible assets - Refer 5B

273.49

88.51

1873.36

1145.65

28. Other expenses

Particulars

For the year

2022-23

2021-22

Consumption of stores and spares (a)

1353.20

1219.96

Power and fuel (b)

5084.58

4032.46

Rent

166.50

105.38

Rates and taxes

321.09

131.70

Insurance

161.18

70.76

Repairs to: (c)

- Buildings

196.00

117.28

- Plant and Equipment

1345.58

977.19

- Others

55.85

13.06

Data Processing Charges

175.51

141.56

Technical Fee/Royalty

173.66

101.67

Directors' Sitting fees

4.49

4.88

Commission to Non-wholetime Directors

15.50

15.50

Auditors' remuneration (Refer Note: 40 of Standalone financials)

8.00

8.31

Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

for the year ended March 31, 2023 (in Indian Rupees million, unless otherwise stated):

Managing Director (CODM) consists of Chief Financial Officer, Leaders of

Strategic Business Units, Human Resources and Company Secretary reviews the performance of the Group and has identified three

core reportable business segments organised using differences in products and services.

•

Surface engineering (material removal, cutting, polishing) known as Abrasives. Abrasive segment comprise of Bonded, Coated,

Processed cloth, Polymers, Power tools and Coolants.

•

Technical ceramics and super refractory solutions to address wear protection, corrosion resistance, electrical resistance, heat

protection and ballistic protection known as Ceramics.

•

Electrominerals for surface engineering, refractories, energy and environment. It includes fused alumina, silicon carbide, zirconia,

specialty minerals and captive power generation from hydel power plant.

Besides the above three core segments, the Group has a power generation entity to serve its power requirements of the core business

segments. The Group also has an IT services company which provides IT infrastructure facility management services, software

application development services, remote infrastructure management services and IT security management services and the Group

has a Company with manufacturing facility for phase change materials and speciality polymeric additives, which is shown under

“Others”. The Business Group Management Committee monitors the operating results of its business segments for the purpose of

making decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment using profit or loss and return on capital employed.

Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

for the year ended March 31, 2023 (in Indian Rupees million, unless otherwise stated):

letter of comfort given on behalf of Joint venture

90.00

90.00

(b)

Outstanding letters of credit

303.66

460.81

Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

for the year ended March 31, 2023 (in Indian Rupees million, unless otherwise stated):

letter of comfort given on behalf

of Joint venture

90.00

90.00

-

-

-

90.00

The table below provides details regarding the contractual maturities of financial liabilities including estimated interest payments

as at 31st March 2022:

Particulars

Carrying

amount/

Exposure

upto 1 year 1-3 years

3-5 years

More than

5 years

Total

contracted

cash flows

Non-current financial liabilities

Borrowings*

77.83

-

107.37

-

-

107.37

Lease liabilities

231.99

-

150.79

39.88

96.11

286.78

Other financial liabilities

17.01

30.17

30.17

Current financial liabilities

Borrowings*

2044.19

2121.92

-

-

-

2121.92

Lease liability

45.97

45.97

-

-

-

45.97

Trade payables

3703.59

3703.59

-

-

-

3703.59

Other financial liabilities

1444.30

1446.38

-

-

-

1446.38

Others

Outstanding guarantee/: letter of comfort given on behalf

of Joint venture

90.00

90.00

90.00

*Amount included in the above maturity analysis assumes interest outflows based on the actual interest rates.

Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

for the year ended March 31, 2023 (in Indian Rupees million, unless otherwise stated)

Managing Director

[AN]

Mr. Sridharan Rangarajan, Director - Finance & Strategy (Effective from July 01, 2021)

[SR]

Other Related parties

Ambadi Investments Limited (Shareholder with significant influence and promoter holding more than 10%)

[AIL]

Parry Enterprises India Limited (Subsidiary of AIL)

[PEIL]

Parry Agro Industries Limited (Subsidiary of AIL)

[PAL]

Carborundum Universal Employees Provident fund

[CUEPF]

Retiral funds of Subsidiaries, Joint ventures, Associate and Other Related parties

Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

for the year ended March 31, 2023 (in Indian Rupees million, unless otherwise stated):

Letter of

Comfort/

Guarantee

issued/

renewed

Joint Ventures

MMTCL

26.64

42.92

17.56

-

-

-

17.73

-

-

Ciria

27.06

30.00

-

-

-

-

-

-

90.00

Total

53.70

72.92

17.56

-

-

-

17.73

-

90.00

Associate & its

subsidiaries

Wendt

65.21

56.25

95.20

-

4.48

-

22.55

-

-

WGTL

77.90

-

9.99

-

-

-

-

-

-

Total

143.11

56.25

105.19

-

4.48

-

22.55

-

-

Other related

parties

PEIL

0.90

-

-

30.47

-

-

-

-

-

PAL

3.60

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

CUEPF

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

157.56

-

Total

4.50

-

-

30.47

-

-

-

157.56

-

KMP -

Remuneration

AN

-

-

-

-

-

22.25

-

-

-

SR

-

-

-

-

-

24.25

-

-

-

Total

-

-

-

-

-

46.50

-

-

-

Grand Total

201.31

129.17

122.75

30.47

4.48

46.50

40.28

157.56

90.00

Related Party

B. Transactions during FY 2021-22

Income

from Sales

& Services

Dividend

income

Purchase

of goods

Expenditure

on other

services

Rental

Expenses

Managerial

remuneration

Purchases

of Fixed

asset

Contribution

to Provident

Fund: Letter of

Comfort/

Guarantee

issued/

renewed

Joint Ventures

MMTCL

18.30

114.46

15.78

-

-

-

5.01

-

-

Ciria

45.17

25.50

-

-

-

-

-

-

90.00

Total

63.47

139.96

15.78

-

-

-

5.01

-

90.00

Associate & its

subsidiaries

Wendt

37.55

30.00

58.24

-

5.52

-

2.64

-

-

WGTL

62.54

10.82

-

-

-

-

-

Total

100.09

30.00

69.06

-

5.52

-

2.64

-

-

Other related

parties

-

PEIL

-

-

-

10.05

-

-

-

-

-

CUEPF

-

-

-

-

-

-

145.61

-

Total

-

-

-

10.05

-

-

-

145.61

-

Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

for the year ended March 31, 2023 (in Indian Rupees million, unless otherwise stated)

Letter of

Comfort/

Guarantee

issued/

renewed

KMP -

Remuneration

AN

-

-

-

-

-

19.17

-

-

-

SR

-

-

-

-

-

15.55

-

-

-

Total

-

-

-

-

-

34.72

-

-

-

Grand Total

163.56

169.96

84.84

10.05

5.52

34.72

7.65

145.61

90.00

Related Party

C. Outstandings

As at 31.03.2023

As at 31.03.2022

Trade

and other

receivable

Deposit

outstanding

Payables: Letter of

comfort/

Guarantee

outstanding*

Trade

and other

receivable

Deposit

outstanding

Payables

Letter of

comfort/

Guarantee

outstanding

Joint Ventures

MMTCL

12.68

-

3.54

5.51

-

1.13

Ciria

3.64

-

-

90.00

11.83

-

-

90.00

Total

16.32

-

3.54

90.00

17.34

-

1.13

90.00

Associate & its

subsidiaries

Wendt

25.33

1.00

15.96

-

29.20

1.00

12.83

-

WGTL

6.10

-

2.52

-

4.09

-

-

-

Total

31.43

1.00

18.48

-

33.29

1.00

12.83

-

Other related parties

PEIL

0.40

-

2.33

-

-

-

2.54

-

CUEPF

-

-

13.23

-

-

-

12.43

-

Total

0.40

-

15.56

-

-

-

14.97

-

KMP@

AN

-

-

5.52

-

-

-

4.83

-

SR

-

-

6.01

-

-

-

4.05

-

Total

-

-

11.53

-

-

-

8.88

-

Grand Total

48.15

1.00

49.11

90.00

50.63

1.00

37.81

90.00

Transactions with related parties in the nature of sale of goods, rendering of services, purchase of goods, procurement of services are

at arm’s length price.

@Incentive payable to Managing

Managing Director

Director - Finance &

Strategy

DIN: 00170478

DIN: 02402921

DIN: 01814413

Subramanian Vivek

P. Padmanabhan

Rekha Surendhiran

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership Number: 100332

Chennai

May 08, 2023

Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

for the year ended March 31, 2023 (in Indian Rupees million, unless otherwise stated):

Managing Director

Director-Finance and Strategy

DIN: 00170478

DIN: 02402921

DIN: 01814413

Chennai

P Padmanabhan

Rekha Surendhiran

May 08, 2023

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary:

Managing Director

Director - Finance & Strategy

DIN: 00170478

DIN: 02402921

DIN: 01814413

Subramanian Vivek

Partner

P. Padmanabhan

Rekha Surendhiran

Membership Number: 100332

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Chennai

May 08, 2023

Balance Sheet

(in Indian Rupees million, unless otherwise stated):

Managing Director

Director - Finance & Strategy

DIN: 00170478

DIN: 02402921

DIN: 01814413

Subramanian Vivek

Partner

P. Padmanabhan

Rekha Surendhiran

Membership Number: 100332

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Chennai

May 08, 2023

Statement of Profit and Loss

(in Indian Rupees million, unless otherwise stated):

Managing Director

Director - Finance & Strategy

DIN: 00170478

DIN: 02402921

DIN: 01814413

Subramanian Vivek

Partner

P. Padmanabhan

Rekha Surendhiran

Membership Number: 100332

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Chennai

May 08, 2023

Statement of changes in equity

(in Indian Rupees million, unless otherwise stated):

Managing Director

Director - Finance & Strategy

DIN: 00170478

DIN: 02402921

DIN: 01814413

Subramanian Vivek

Partner

P. Padmanabhan

Rekha Surendhiran

Membership Number: 100332

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Chennai

May 08, 2023

Cash Flow Statement

(in Indian Rupees million, unless otherwise stated):

Managing Director

22.12

19.13

Remuneration to Director - Finance & Strategy

24.12

15.53

Welfare expenses

362.64

334.50

2369.04

2148.60

Remuneration to: Managing

Managing Director (CODM) consisting of Chief Financial Officer, Leaders of

Strategic Business Units, Human Resources and Company Secretary have identified the above three reportable business segments. It

reviews and monitors the operating results of the business segments for the purpose of making decisions about resource allocation

and performance assessment using profit or loss and return on capital employed.:

letter of comfort given on behalf of subsidiaries and Joint ventures

295.55

5195.33

b. Outstanding letters of credit

303.66

460.81:

letter of comfort given on

behalf of subsidiaries and Joint venture

295.55

295.55

-

-

-

295.55

The table below provides details regarding the contractual maturities of financial liabilities including estimated interest payments

as at 31st March 2022:

Particulars

Carrying

amount/

Exposure

upto 1 year

1-3 years

3-5 years

More than

5 years

Total

contracted

cash flows

Non-current financial liabilities

Lease liabilities

0.95

-

0.99

-

-

0.99

Other financial liabilities

17.01

-

30.17

-

-

30.17

Current financial liabilities

Borrowings

1630.00

1707.43

-

-

-

1707.43

Lease liabilities

0.79

0.89

-

-

-

0.89

Trade payables

2380.21

2380.21

-

-

-

2380.21

Other financial liabilities

902.49

904.57

-

-

-

904.57

Outstanding guarantees/: letter of comfort given on

behalf of subsidiaries and Joint venture

5195.33

5195.33

-

-

-

5195.33

Managing Director

[AN]

Mr. Sridharan Rangarajan, Director - Finance & Strategy (Effective from July 01, 2021)

[SR]

Other Related parties

Ambadi Investments Limited (Shareholder with significant influence and promoter holding more than 10%)

[AIL]

Parry Enterprises India Limited (Subsidiary of AIL)

[PEIL]

Parry Agro industries Limied (Subsidiary of AIL)

[PAL]

Carborundum Universal Employees Provident fund

[CUEPF]

Retiral funds of Subsidiaries, Joint ventures, Associate and Other Related parties:

Letter of

Comfort/

Guarantee

issued/renewed

Subsidiaries

CAI

895.13

-

-

0.68

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

205.55

Net Access

1.46

-

10.00

-

-

24.79

-

-

11.22

-

-

-

Sterling

263.50

-

29.16

0.05

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Sedco

0.34

-

-

178.81

-

-

-

0.50

-

-

-

CAPL

523.46

5.08

69.27

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

CME

73.67

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Foskor

-

-

-

293.29

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

CIL

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

794.97

-

CACCL

0.06

-

-

12.12

-

-

-

-

0.07

-

-

-

VAW

87.55

-

-

400.58

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

CUMI Europe

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

PLUSS

0.06

-

-

0.03

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

CAAG

85.76

-

-

-

-

-

-

0.08

-

-

-

RAG

99.25

-

-

0.05

-

-

-

-

Total

2030.24

5.08

108.43

706.80

178.81

24.79

-

-

11.87

-

794.97

205.55

Joint Ventures

MMTCL

24.94

-

42.92

17.44

-

-

-

-

5.01

-

-

-

Ciria

25.66

-

30.00

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

90.00

Total

50.60

-

72.92

17.44

-

-

-

-

5.01

-

-

90.00

Associate & its

subsidiaries

Wendt

45.84

-

56.25

24.41

-

-

4.48

-

22.55

-

-

-

WGTL

75.58

-

-

9.99

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

WME

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Total

121.42

-

56.25

34.40

-

-

4.48

-

22.55

-

-

-

Other related parties

PEIL

-

-

-

-

-

30.47

-

-

-

-

-

-

CUEPF

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

157.56

-

-

Total

-

-

-

-

-

30.47

-

-

-

157.56

-

-

KMP

AN

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

22.25

-

-

-

-

SR

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

24.25

-

-

-

-

Total

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

46.50

-

-

-

-

Grand Total

2202.26

5.08

237.60

758.64

178.81

55.26

4.48

46.50

39.43

157.56

794.97

295.55:

Letter of

Comfort/

Guarantee

issued/

renewed

Subsidiaries

CAI

620.59

-

-

0.87

-

-

-

-

0.34

-

189.53

Net Access

1.46

-

10.00

-

-

25.62

-

-

5.23

-

Sterling

264.39

-

18.36

0.74

-

-

-

-

-

-

Sedco

4.02

-

19.50

-

193.73

-

-

-

-

-

CAPL

397.44

3.08

56.32

0.13

-

-

-

-

-

-

CME

55.11

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Foskor

-

-

-

104.77

-

-

-

-

-

-

259.50

CIL

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

5974.75

CACCL

63.63

-

-

59.66

-

-

-

-

0.50

-

VAW

42.54

-

-

429.48

-

-

-

-

-

-

PLUSS

1.06

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

1149.24

CAAG

37.77

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

RAG

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

4656.30

Total

1488.01

3.08

104.18

595.65

193.73

25.62

-

-

6.07

-

7123.99

5105.33

Joint Ventures

MMTCL

18.30

-

114.46

15.52

-

-

-

-

5.01

-

-

-

Ciria

44.08

-

25.50

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

90.00

Total

62.38

-

139.96

15.52

-

-

-

-

5.01

-

-

90.00

Associate & its

subsidiaries

Wendt

30.67

-

30.00

22.20

-

-

5.52

-

2.64

-

-

-

WGTL

62.54

-

10.82

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Total

93.21

-

30.00

33.02

-

-

5.52

-

2.64

-

-

-

Other related

parties

PEIL

-

-

-

-

-

10.05

-

-

-

-

-

-

CUEPF

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

145.61

-

-

Total

-

-

-

-

10.05

-

-

-

145.61

-

-

KMP

AN

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

19.17

-

-

-

-

SR

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

15.55

-

-

-

-

Total

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

34.72

-

-

-

-

Grand Total

1643.60

3.08

274.14

644.19

193.73

35.67

5.52

34.72

13.72

145.61

7123.99

5195.33:

Letter of comfort/

Guarantee

outstanding

Trade

receivable

Deposit

outstanding

Payables: Letter of comfort/

Guarantee

outstanding*

Subsidiaries

CAI

186.08

-

0.68

205.55*

248.10

-

0.87

189.53*

Net Access

0.16

-

14.81

-

0.06

-

1.73

-

Sterling

58.25

-

-

-

45.13

-

-

-

Sedco

0.24

-

14.40

-

0.28

-

18.29

-

CAPL

38.36

-

-

-

43.44

-

-

-

CME

53.67

-

-

-

33.68

-

-

-

Foskor

-

-

29.39

-

-

-

0.16

259.50*

CACCL

42.21

-

-

-

48.88

-

0.22

-

Pluss

0.08

-

0.01

-

-

-

-

-

VAW

97.38

-

206.21

-

30.59

-

120.74

-

CAAG

-

-

-

-

37.84

-

RAG

25.37

-

-

-

4656.30 #

Total

501.80

-

265.50

205.55

488.00

-

142.01

5105.33

Joint Ventures

-

MMTCL

12.08

-

3.54

-

5.36

-

1.07

-

Ciria

3.64

-

90.00*

11.83

-

-

90.00*

Total

15.72

-

3.54

90.00

17.19

-

1.07

90.00

Associate & its subsidiaries

Wendt

12.48

1.00

11.00

-

20.13

1.00

3.77

-

WGTL

6.10

2.52

-

4.09

-

-

Total

18.58

1.00

13.52

-

24.22

1.00

3.77

-

Other related parties

PEIL

-

-

2.33

-

-

-

2.54

-

CUEPF

-

-

13.23

-

-

-

12.43

-

Total

-

-

15.56

-

-

-

14.97

-

KMP@

AN

-

-

5.52

-

-

-

4.83

-

SR

-

-

6.01

-

-

-

4.05

-

Total

-

-

11.53

-

-

-

8.88

-

Grand Total

536.10

1.00

309.65

295.55

529.41

1.00

170.70

5195.33

Transactions with related parties in the nature of sale of goods, rendering of services, purchase of goods, procurement of services are at arm’s length price.

*Issued towards availment of banking facilities by the respective entities.

# Issued towards purchase price payment obligations of RAG

@Incentive payable to Managing

Managing Director

Director - Finance & Strategy

DIN: 00170478

DIN: 02402921

DIN: 01814413

Subramanian Vivek

Partner

P. Padmanabhan

Rekha Surendhiran

Membership Number: 100332

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Chennai

May 08, 2023

Notes forming part of the Standalone Financial Statements

for the year ended March 31, 2023 (in Indian Rupees million, unless otherwise stated):

