Dear Shareholders,

I am pleased to reconnect with you to discuss our Company’s performance and future direction. Our focussed

efforts to strengthen our business and leverage improving market conditions have resulted in promising

outcomes during the past year. Additionally, our plans for investments in capacity expansion using internal

resources exemplify our commitment to sustainable, long-term value creation.

Entering FY 2022-23, the Indian economy witnessed a robust

revival as numerous businesses returned to normalcy, driven

by growing public confidence in pandemic management.

Favourable

macro-economic

indicators,

coupled

with

government emphasis on infrastructure development and

digitalisation, created a positive environment for India’s wires

and cables industry. The revival in the real estate sector further

fuelled the industry’s growth. Our Company’s performance

for FY 2022-23 reflects our success in capitalising on these

opportunities. The volume of our electrical wires segment

grew by around 16%, optic fiber cable volumes increased by

over 50%, and all other products within the communication

segment exhibited volume growth exceeding 25%.

The

year,

however,

was

not

without

challenges.

The repercussions of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine triggered

significant inflation and interest rate impacts on a global scale.

The Indian economy experienced a sustained inflationary

trend, especially notable during the first half of the year.

Escalating prices outpaced the growth of consumer incomes,

resulting in weakened consumer sentiment. Consequently,

discretionary spending remained sluggish, leading to muted

At Finolex Cables, we are

well-positioned to seize the

opportunities presented by

these market dynamics and

accelerate our performance.

To effectively convert these

opportunities into tangible

results, we remain dedicated

to strengthening our dealer

and distributor channels across

various regions, bolstering

product availability.:

letter of even date by the

Secretarial Auditors, which is annexed as Annexure A and

forms an integrated part of this report.

‘ANNEXURE A’

To,

The Members of

Finolex Cables Limited

26/27, Bombay Poona Road,

Pimpri, Pune – 411 018

Our Secretarial Audit Report of even date is to be read along

with this: letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility

of the management of the Company. Our responsibility

is to express an opinion on these secretarial records

based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes

as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance

about the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial

records. The verification was done on test basis to

ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial

records. We believe that the processes and practices, we

followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We

have

not

verified

the

correctness

and

appropriateness of financial records and Books of

Accounts of the company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management

representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and

other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is

the responsibility of management. Our examination was

limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as

to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy

or effectiveness with which the management has

conducted the affairs of the company.

For Jog Limaye & Associates

Company Secretaries

Mandar Shrikrishna Jog

Partner

Membership No.- F9552

CP No.- 9798

Date: 24/05/2023

UDIN: F009552E000369010

Place: Pune

PR No. 738/2020

Managing Director

of FCL. Similarly, FCL hereby notes that Shri Prakash P Chhabria is presently

the: Managing Director of FIL. Each party hereby agrees to ensure that their

respective voting rights in the other company are not utilized to inconvenience

or displace or remove:

(i)

Shri Prakash P Chhabria from the post of Managing Director or any other

higher post to which he may be elevated to in FIL in future unless he is

incapacitated or otherwise disqualified or unwilling to act as such in FIL; or

(ii)

Shri Deepak K Chhabria from the post of Managing Director or any other

higher post to which he may be elevated to in FCL in future unless he is

incapacitated or otherwise disqualified or unwilling to act as such in FCL.

6

extent and the nature of impact

on management or control of

the listed entity

Shri Deepak K Chhabria is presently the Executive

letter stating the Member’s name

(as recorded on the share certificate), folio number,

complete address, along with:-

a

Name and Branch of Bank and Bank

Account Type;

b

Bank account Number allotted by your Bank

after implementing Core Banking Solutions;

c

11 digit IFSC Code;

d

9 digit MICR Code Number;

e

Self-attested copy of cancelled cheque bearing

the name of the Member or First Holder;

f

Self-attested copy of PAN and AADHAR Card.

Note: For queries related to updation of email

ID and bank account details, members may

contact at investors@finolex.com / einward.

ris@kfintech.com

(B) Members holding shares in Demat form are

requested to update their Electronic Bank Mandate

through their Depository Participants.

12. In case the Company is unable to pay dividend to any

Member(s) directly in their bank account through

Electronic Clearing Services or any other means due

to non-registration of Electronic Bank Mandate, the

Company will dispatch the dividend warrants/demand

drafts to such Member(s) at the registered address

available in the records of the Company at the earliest.

13. Pursuant to the provisions of the Finance Act 2020,

dividend income is taxable in the hands of shareholders

w.e.f. April 1, 2020 and the Company is required to

deduct tax at source from dividend paid to Members

at prescribed rates. For the prescribed rates for various

categories the Members are requested to refer to the

Finance Act, 2020 and amendments thereto.

The Members are requested to update their PAN with

Registrar and Transfer Agents (in case of shares held in

physical mode) and their Depository Participants (in case

shares are held in demat mode). However, no tax shall be

deducted on the dividend payable to a resident individual

shareholder, if the total dividend to be received during

Financial Year 2023-24 does not exceed Rs. 5000/-.

A resident individual shareholder with PAN who is

not liable to pay Income Tax is requested to submit a

yearly declaration in Form 15G/15H, to avail the benefit

of non-deduction of tax to the Company’s RTA i.e.

KFin Technologies Limited (Unit: Finolex Cables Limited)

Karvy Selenium, Tower B, 6th Floor, Plot Nos. 31 & 32,

Financial District, Nanakramguda, Hyderabad – 500032,

Tel Nos. (40) 6716 1613 / 6716 1630 so as to reach latest

by September 15, 2023. Shareholders are requested to

note that in case their PAN is not registered, the tax will

be deducted at a higher rate of 20%, as applicable.

Non-resident shareholders can avail beneficial rates

under tax treaty between India and their country of

residence subject to providing necessary documents i.e.

No Permanent Establishment and Beneficial Ownership

Declaration, Tax Residency Certificate, Form 10F,

any other document which may be required to avail

the tax treaty benefits by sending to Company’s RTA

i.e. KFin Technologies Limited (Unit: Finolex Cables

Limited) Karvy Selenium, Tower B, 6th Floor, Plot Nos.31:

letter etc.

with attested specimen signature of the duly:

Letter

etc. by clicking on “Upload Board Resolution /

Authority: Letter” displayed under “e-Voting” tab

in their login.

2.

It is strongly recommended not to share your

password with any other person and take

utmost care to keep your password confidential.

Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon

five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct

password. In such an event, you will need to go

through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or

“Physical User Reset Password?” option available

on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

3.

In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently

Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and

e-voting user manual for Shareholders available at

the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com

or call on toll free no.: 1800 1020 990 and 1800

22 44 30 or send a request to Ms. Pallavi Mhatre,

Manager, NSDL at evoting@nsdl.co.in or pallavi@

nsdl.co.in or at telephone no. +91-22-24994545

4.

Regulation 40 of the SEBI Listing Regulation, 2015,

as amended, mandates that transfer, transmission

and transposition of securities of listed companies

held in physical form shall be effected only in

demat mode. Further, SEBI, vide its circular no.

SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8

dated January 25, 2022, has clarified that listed

companies, shall issue the securities only in demat

mode while processing investor service requests

pertaining to issuance of duplicate shares, exchange

of shares, endorsement, subdivision/ consolidation

of share certificates, etc. In view of this, Members

holding shares in physical form are requested

to submit duly filled Form ISR-4 for the above

mentioned service requests along with Form ISR – 1,

ISR – 2 ISR – 3, SH – 13, as may be applicable, in the

format available on the website of RTA. Further, to

eliminate all risks associated with physical shares

and for ease of portfolio management and

improved liquidity, Members holding equity

shares in physical form are requested to consider

converting their holdings to demat mode.

5.

In terms of the SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015,

securities of listed companies can only be transferred

in dematerialized form. Further, SEBI vide its

Circular dated January 25, 2022, has mandated

that listed companies shall issue the securities

in dematerialized form only, while processing

service requests such as issue of duplicate share

certificates,

transmission,

transposition

etc.

Accordingly, Members are advised to dematerialize

shares held by them in physical form.

6.

As per the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) it

was mandatory to link PAN with Aadhar number

by June 30, 2023 or any other date as may be

specified by the CBDT. Further, w.e.f. 1st July 2023

or any other date as may be specified by the CBDT,

RTAs shall accept only valid PANs and the ones

which are linked to the Aadhar number. The folios

in which PAN is / are not valid as on the notified

cut-off date of 30th June 2023 or any other date as

may be specified by the CBDT.

7.

SEBI has vide circular dated November 3, 2021 read

with circular dated March 16, 2023, mandated the

furnishing of PAN, address with pin code, mobile

number, bank account details and nomination by

the holders of physical securities. Folios wherein

any one of the cited documents/details is not

available on or after October 1, 2023, shall be

frozen by RTA. The Members, who have not updated

KYC, are requested to furnish required details

to the RTA at the earliest. If the folios continue

to remain frozen as on 31st December 2025, the

frozen folios shall be refereed by the Company

/ RTA to the administering authorities under the

Benami Transactions(Prohibitions) at 1988 and/ or

Prevention of Money Laundering Act, 2002.

Process for those shareholders whose email ids are

not registered with the depositories for procuring

user id and password and registration of email ids

for e-voting for the resolutions set out in this notice:

1.

In case shares are held in physical mode, please

provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned

copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN

(self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR

(self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by

email to investors@finolex.com.

2.

In case shares are held in demat mode, please

provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or

16 digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master

or copy of Consolidated Account statement,

PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card),

AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhar

Card) to investors@finolex.com. If you are an

Individual shareholders holding securities in

Managing Director with effect from 1st July 1993 for a period

of five (5) years. He served as Deputy: Managing Director up

to 30th June, 2000 and further appointed him as a Managing

Director with effect from 1st July, 2000. He served as

Managing Director up-to 30th June 2013. He then took over

as the Executive

Managing Director of FCL. Similarly, FCL hereby notes

that Shri Prakash P. Chhabria is presently the Managing

Director of FIL. Each party hereby agrees to ensure that their

respective voting rights in the other company are not utilized

to inconvenience or displace or remove:

(i)

Shri Prakash P. Chhabria from the post of Managing

Director or any other higher post to which he may be

elevated to in FIL in future unless he is incapacitated or

otherwise disqualified or unwilling to act as such in FIL; or

(ii)

Shri Deepak K. Chhabria from the post of Managing

Director or any other higher post to which he may be

elevated to in FCL in future unless he is incapacitated or

otherwise disqualified or unwilling to act as such in FCL.

Unquote

The said MoU has been strictly adhered to by Finolex Cables

Limited from the date of its execution on 11th October, 2011.

Accordingly, Members may note that FIL is required to vote

positively in respect of the ordinary resolution at Item No.

4 pertaining to reappointment of Mr. Deepak Chhabria.

The management and control of the Company is subject

matter of agreements amongst members of the promoter

group. The Company has made a statutory disclosure

(https://finolex.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/

Listing-Obligations-and-Disclosure-Requirements-2023.pdf)

of the same under Regulation 30(2) of the Securities and

Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulation, 2015 read with Clause 5A of Para A

of Schedule III thereof and the SEBI Circular bearing no. SEBI/

HO/CDF/CFD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2023/123 dated 13th July, 2023.

Mr. Deepak Chhabria is the Executive Chairman and a

whole-time Director of the Company. The major shareholders

among the promoter group are Orbit Electricals Pvt.

Ltd. (“Orbit Electricals”) which holds 30.7% and Finolex

Industries Limited (“FIL”), also a listed company, which holds

14.51%. Mr. Prakash Chhabria, a cousin of Mr. Deepak Chhabria,

is in control over both Orbit Electricals and FIL.

Kishan P. Chhabria (father of Deepak Chhabria) (“KPC”) and

the Late Pralhad P. Chhabria (father of Prakash Chhabria)

(“PPC”) were brothers who jointly promoted the Finolex

Group of Companies. The family members are party to a

family arrangement that was agreed upon between KPC and

Late PPC for equal distribution of the historically unequal

shareholding in Orbit Electricals amongst their respective

lineal descendants.

The family arrangement between KPC and the Late PPC was

implemented and crystalized by the Late PPC through various

documents (executed during the lifetime of Late PPC).

These documents and their essence are also embodied in the

Articles of Association of Orbit Electricals.

The family arrangement inter alia also provides for

Mr. Deepak Chhabria and his direct lineal descendants to

wield management and control of the Company. The same is

also mentioned in Clauses 12 and 13 of the Trust Deed dated

12th March 2012.

The understanding that the management and control of the

Company shall continue to remain with Mr. Deepak Chhabria

was confirmed by Clause 2 of the Supplementary Trust Deed

of ‘Pralhad Chhabria Trust’ dated 20.08.2012.

Another arrangement between the Company and Finolex

Industries Limited, is recorded in a Memorandum of

Understanding dated 11.10.2011 (“MoU”), which also

confirms the above understanding between the parties and

inter alia expressly sets out that FIL will not vote against the

election of Mr. Deepak Chhabria as the: Managing

Managing Director of the Company, if the

Company by a Special Resolution authorises such payment.

Section 197 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) provides,

inter alia, that a Director, who is neither in the whole-time

employment of a company nor a: Managing

