Dear Shareholders,

It is indeed my pleasure to welcome you all

to the 107th Annual General Meeting of your

Company and share the Annual Report for

the year 2022-23.

During the year, even as the world was

grappling with ripple effect of the economic

volatility due to the conflict in Ukraine, your

Company delivered robust performance

which is reflected in the key physical and

financial parameters. The Company’s

strength and resilience has helped it steer

through the challenges to surpass market

expectations and achieve unprecedented

milestones.

We achieved this by aligning to the vision

and expectations of our customers and

an unwavering focus on operations and

growth. As a leading shipyard with an

impressive repertoire of highly advanced

and sophisticated vessels, your company

continues its relentless endeavor to deliver

advanced vessels to meet the Nation’s

defence needs, while simultaneously

diversifying into emerging technologies and

commercial vessels.

HigHligHtS of tHe Year

I am happy to inform you that your

Company has maintained incredible

momentum, achieving a remarkable revenue

growth of 45.7% in FY 22-23, underscoring

our commitment to nurturing inherent

strengths, pushing boundaries, and striving

for excellence.

With continuous improvement, agility and

future readiness as key drivers the Company

has successfully surpassed financial targets

set in FY 21-22, recording the best ever

financial performance in the history of

the shipyard. This creditable performance

achieved with 22 vessels under various

stages of construction, stands testimony

to your Company’s commitment to deliver

consistently against all odds. During the

year, we have successfully achieved a

number of major production milestones for

ships under construction, including ahead

of time deliveries to the delight of our

customers.

Continuing with our quest to lead the pack

as a defence shipbuilder, I am proud to state

that we have won a `3,550 crore contract

for the construction of four Next Generation

Offshore Patrol Vessels (NGOPVs) for

the Indian Navy. This contract, won on

competitive basis, reinforces our standing

as a reliable and efficient partner to our

maritime forces.

We are determined to shape the future

of shipbuilding, breaking new ground and

embracing cutting-edge technologies. As

we continue on this remarkable journey,

we remain steadfast in our promise to

deliver exceptional value to our esteemed

customers, shareholders, and stakeholders

and thereby to our great nation.

financial Performance analYSiS

It is a matter of pride and delight for

me to share that FY23 has been the

most successful year in the history of our

Company in terms of key performance

parameters. Our revenue from operations

grew by an impressive 45.7%, from `1,541

crore in FY22 to `2,561 crore in FY23.

Similarly, our total income grew from `1,918

crore to `2,763 crore. We achieved an

EBITDA growth of 19%, with figures rising

from `294.88 crore to `351 crore. Our net

profit (PAT) also increased by 20%, from

`189.53 crore to `228 crore.

Furthermore, our earnings per share (EPS)

grew by 20%, from `16.55 to `19.91.

The price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio rose from

13.68 to 22.88, indicating positive investor

sentiment. Lastly, our net worth increased by

12.5%, reaching `1,413 crore from `1,257

crore.

overview of Project StatuS anD

orDer Book

The Company started FY23 with an order

book of ` 24,147 crore, with seven projects,

comprising of 24 vessels. Three Project 17A

frigates, four Survey Vessels (Large), eight

ASW Shallow Water Craft for the Indian

2

Garden reach ShipbuilderS & enGineerS ltd.:

letter day in the history of you Company,

when MV MA Lisha, the Ocean-Going Cargo

cum Passenger Vessel, built by us at a cost

of USD 12.73 Million, was commissioned

in the presence of HE Dr Mohammad Irfan

Ali, Hon’ble President Cooperative Republic

of Guyana and our Hon’ble Minister for

External Affairs, Dr. S Jaishankar. This not

only exemplified the role of GRSE in bringing

the peoples of the two nations together but

also signified the ability of your Company

to build and deliver state-of-the-art ships on

schedule to distant nations. Your Company

is also executing an order for six patrol boats

for the People’s Republic of Bangladesh, and

these vessels are scheduled to be delivered

during current financial year.

We are looking to expand our global foot

print by aggressively pursuing business

opportunities for naval platforms in friendly

foreign countries besides making a foray

into export of commercial ships.

CMD's MEssAGE

AnnuAl report 2022-23

3:

Managing Director

4

Garden reach ShipbuilderS & enGineerS ltd.:

Managing Director

Cmde P R Hari, IN(Retd.) (DIN: 08591411), having

an experience of over 34 years, assumed the

charge of the Company w.e.f. 10 Jun 2022. He

is also holding the additional charge of Director

(Personnel) of the Company. He has over 28

years of commissioned service in the Indian

Navy with varied experience onboard warships,

Naval Repair Organizations and various Staff

appointments. He holds a Bachelor’s Degree in

Mechanical Engineering and a Master’s Degree

in Defence & Strategic Studies. An alumni of the

Defence Services Staff College, Wellington, the

officer has also undergone the 5th Higher Defence

Orientation Course at AWC Mhow and the

prestigious Naval Higher Command Course at the

Naval War College, Goa.

Cmde P R Hari, joined the Company as a Chief

General Manager in 2016 and has been in charge

of Production Planning of all the new construction

ships built at the Shipyard. He had assumed

charge as Director (Personnel) of the Company on

21 Oct 2019 and headed the Human Resources,

Corporate Planning and Technical functions of

GRSE.

SHri rajeev PrakaSH, jS(nS)

Government Nominee Director

Shri Rajeev Prakash (DIN: 08590061), Joint

Secretary (Naval System) was appointed as Part-

Time Official Director (Government Nominee

Director) of the Company w.e.f. 23 Jun 2022. He

has completed B.A. Honors in English from St.

Stephen’s College, University of Delhi and M.A. in

Development Studies from the Institute of Social

Studies, Erasmus University. Further, he is a 1995

batch Indian Post & Telecommunication Accounts

and Finance Service Officer (IP&TAFS). He has a

vast experience in the field of finance and held

various important posts in the Government of

India.

Prior to joining as Joint Secretary (Naval System)

in Department of Defence Production, Ministry

of Defence, Govt. of India in June 2022,

he has worked as Deputy Director General

(Wireless Planning & Finance), Department of

Telecommunication, Ministry of Communication.

Further, he was also a Government Nominee

Director on the Board of Bharat Broadband

Network Limited for more than 2.5 years.

SHri rameSH kumar DaSH

Director (Finance) & CFO

Shri Ramesh Kumar Dash (DIN: 08511344) is

an Associate Member of the “Institute of Cost

Accountants of India”, Master in Commerce and

Bachelor of Law. Prior to joining the Company, he

was working in Hindustan Aeronautics Limited,

Bangalore. He has around 31 years of Experience

in different CPSUs in the field of Finance and

Accounts. Shri Ramesh Kumar Dash has assumed

charge as Director (Finance) and CFO of the

Company w.e.f. 01 Jul 2020.

26

Garden reach ShipbuilderS & enGineerS ltd.:

Managing Director

(From 10 Jun 22)

Shri ramesh kumar Dash

Director (Finance) & CFO

cdr. Shantanu Bose, in (retd.)

Director (Shipbuilding)

(From 08 Jun 22)

Dig Subrato ghosh, icg (retd.)

Director (Personnel)

(From 20 Jun 23)

Shri rajeev Prakash, iP&tafS

Government Nominee Director

(From 23 Jun 22)

Shri Sanjay Dattatraya Panse

Part-Time Non-Official (Independent) Director

Shri Sanjeeb mohanty

Part-Time Non-Official (Independent) Director

(From 06 Apr 22)

inDePenDent external monitorS

Shri Pidatala Sridhar, IRS (Retd.)

Shri B B Singh, Ex-CMD, MSTC Ltd.

BankerS

State Bank of India

PNB

IDBI Bank

ICICI Bank

HDFC Bank Axis Bank

Bank of Baroda

Canara Bank

Indian Bank

Yes Bank

RBL Bank

Federal Bank

IndusInd Bank

StatutorY auDitorS

m/s. mookherjee Biswas & Pathak

Chartered Accountants

Secretarial auDitorS

m/s. mehta & mehta

Practicing Company Secretaries

coSt auDitorS

m/s. chatterjee & co

Cost Accountants

regiStrar & tranSfer agent

m/s. alankit assignments limited

regiStereD office

GRSE Bhavan,

61, Garden Reach Road,

Kolkata - 700 024.

cin no. L35111WB1934GO1007891

website: www. grse.in

Senior management

Shri venkatesh murthy

Chief General Manager (Technical)

cmde. rajat manchanda, in (retd.)

Chief General Manager (PP&C)

cdr. B Sengupta, in (retd.)

Chief General Manager (MW)

capt. P Sunilkumar, in (retd.)

Chief General Manager (CP&CC)

cdr. B mishra, in (retd.)

Chief General Manager (FOJ Unit)

cmde jayanta chowdhury, in (retd.)

Adviser to CMD

cmde rajiv Sreedharan, in (retd.)

Chief General Manager (Ind & IEP)

cmde. indrajit Dasgupta, in (retd.)

Chief General Manager (SR&TU)

cmdt. a k Biswas, icg (retd.)

General Manager (RBD)

Shri gulshan ratan

General Manager (QA)

Shri Sujoy chakravorty

General Manager (Commercial)

cmde. vinith aerat, in (retd.)

General Manager (Design)

Smt. Suchita nandi

General Manager (Contract)

Smt. lipi Das

General Manager (HR&A)

Smt. aparajita ghosh

General Manager (Finance)

Shri n Partheepan

General Manager (BB)

cdr. gaurav Pande, in (retd.)

General Manager (P-17A)

cdr. m k gupta

General Manager (Design-HOF)

comPanY SecretarY anD

comPliance officer

Shri Sandeep mahapatra

28

Garden reach ShipbuilderS & enGineerS ltd.:

Dear Shareholders,

Your Board of Directors takes great pleasure in presenting the Annual

Report on the performance of your Company and its Audited Financial

Statements for the Financial Year ended 31st March 2023, together

with Reports of the Statutory Auditors and the Comptroller & Auditor

General of India (C&AG) thereon.

29

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

AnnuAl REPORT 2022-23:

Managing Director, to review the progress made

by various departments.

(c)

Incentives: Incentive Schemes are propagated among all

employees and number of employees who took part in these

schemes were awarded with cash prize.

(d) Promoting Official Language outside the Company: Use

of Official Language is not restricted within the four walls of

GRSE but is also publicized outside the Company, by conducting

Hindi competitions in Schools. Hindi Essay competition was

conducted on 08 December 2022 and prizes distributed to best

three participants.

(e)

Rajbhasha Awards:

(i)

Rajbhasha Kirti Puraskar: GRSE has been awarded

prestigious Rajbhasha Kirti Puraskar – 2nd Prize for

Excellence in Implementation of Official Language in the

company. The Award was received by GRSE from Hon’ble

Minister of State, Shri Ajay Kumar Mishra at a ceremony

held at Surat, Gujrat on 14 Sep 22.

(ii)

TOLIC Rajbhasha Shield: Rajbhasha Shield has been

awarded to GRSE for Excellence in Implementation

of Official Language in the company by Town Official

Language Implementation Committee (PSU), KOLKATA.

(iii) TOLIC Active Participation Award: Active Participation

Award has been awarded to GRSE for the year 2022-23 by

Town Official Language Implementation Committee.

(iv) Prizes in Various Inter-PSU Hindi Competitions: Our

GRSE employees have made us proud by winning 06

different prizes in Various Hindi Competitions organized

during the year 2022 by different PSUs under the aegis of

TOLIC (PSU), Kolkata.

(v)

Manager (OL) has been awarded appreciation: letter

by TOLIC for Excellence in Implementation of Official

Language in GRSE.

44

Garden reach ShipbuilderS & enGineerS ltd.

Managing Director of your Company (or any person to whom he

has delegated his power). Alternatively, the whistle blower may send

such Protected Disclosure directly to the Chairman, Audit Committee.

Once a Protected Disclosure is received, a Screening Committee

comprising the Chairman &: Managing Director of your Company, a

Functional Director as nominated by C&MD and the

Managing Director.

GENERAL

Your Directors state that no disclosure or reporting is required in

respect of the following items as there were no transactions on these

items during the year under review:

(a)

Detailed reasons for any voluntary revision of financial

statement or Board’s Report in the relevant financial year in

which the revision is made.

(b) Details relating to deposits covered under Chapter V of the

Companies Act, 2013.

(c)

Issue of equity shares with differential rights as to dividend,

voting or otherwise.

(d) No significant or material orders were passed by the Regulators

or Courts or Tribunals which impact the going concern status

and future operations of your Company.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

Your Directors express their deep appreciation and place on record

their gratitude to the Department of Defence Production and other

Departments in the Ministry of Defence for their continued support,

assistance and guidance. The Directors also express their sincere

thanks to the Government of India and also to the Governments of

West Bengal, Jharkhand and various other States, for their continued

co-operation and valuable support. Your Directors are particularly

grateful to the Indian Navy, Indian Army and Indian Coast Guard

Headquarters, Border Road Organisation (BRO), Ministry of Home

Affairs, Kolkata Port Trust, Public Works Departments of various

State Governments, Police Department of West Bengal & Kolkata

and other valued customers as well as business associates for the

confidence reposed by them in your Company. We will fail in

our duty if we do not acknowledge the cooperation and positive

approach of the Warships Production Superintendent and his

dedicated team under whose watchful eyes our ships are being built.

Also, we thank all classification societies, in particular, IRS & ABS,

who have ensured quality and adherence to the required standards.

The Directors acknowledge with thanks the valuable advice rendered

by, and co-operation received from the Comptroller and Auditor

General of India, the Principal Director of Commercial Audit, Ex-

officio Member of the Audit Board, Bengaluru, Principal Controller of

Defence Accounts (Navy), Mumbai, Controller of Defence Accounts

(Navy), Kolkata, Registrar of Companies, the Department of Public

Enterprises, the Securities Exchange Board of India, the National

Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited.

The Directors wish to place on record their appreciation to its

Statutory, Cost, Internal and Secretarial Auditors, Company’s

Bankers, Trade Unions and all Officers and Employees at various

levels of the organisation for their hard work, dedication and

commitment. The enthusiasm and unstinted efforts of the employees

have enabled your Company to remain at the forefront of the

industry despite increased competition from several existing and new

players.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Sd/-

Cmde Hari P R, IN (Retd.)

Place: Kolkata

Chairman &: Managing

letter of even date which

is annexed as 'ANNEXURE A' and forms an integral part of this

report.

53

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

AnnuAl REPORT 2022-23:

letter.

1)

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on

these secretarial records based on our audit.

2)

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the

contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We

believe that the processes and practices we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3)

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4)

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and happening

of events etc.

5)

The compliance of the provisions of corporate laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of management. Our examination was

limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6)

As regard the books, papers, forms, reports and returns filed by the Company under the provisions referred to in our Secretarial Audit

Report in Form MR-3 the adherence and compliance to the requirements of the said regulations is the responsibility of management. Our

examination was limited to checking the execution and timeliness of the filing of various forms, reports, returns and documents that need

to be filed by the Company with various authorities under the said regulations. We have not verified the correctness and coverage of the

contents of such forms, reports, returns and documents.

7)

The secretarial audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which

the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Mehta & Mehta,

Company Secretaries

(ICSI Unique Code P1996MH007500)

Sd/-

Raveena Dugar Agarwal

Partner

ACS No: 51836

CP No.: 26055

UDIN: A051836E000661841

Place: Kolkata

Date: 21 July, 2023

ANNEXURE A

ANNEXURE TO SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

54

Garden reach ShipbuilderS & enGineerS ltd.:

Managing Director

DIN: 08591411

APPENDIX – D

FORM NO. AOC-2

(Pursuant to clause (h) of sub-section (3) of Section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)

Form for disclosure of particulars of contracts/agreements entered into by the Company with related parties referred to in sub-section (1) of

section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 including certain arm’s length transactions under third proviso thereto:

55

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

AnnuAl REPORT 2022-23:

Managing Director

DIN: 09559883

DIN No. 08591411

65

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

AnnuAl REPORT 2022-23:

Managing Director, is the apex body which oversees the overall

functioning of your Company. The Board of your Company gives

strategic directions and seeks accountability of their fulfillment.

The Board has set goals in terms of Long-Term Perspective Plan

in order to achieve its “Vision” statement. It is vested with the

ultimate responsibility of the management and performance of

your Company as a trustee to enhance the Shareholders’ value.

The decisions of the Board are aligned to serve in the best interest

of your Company. The Board has constituted Sub-Committees to

facilitate smooth and efficient flow of decision making process.

SIZE AND COMPOSITION OF THE BOARD

5.

The Board of the Company comprises of Executive (Whole-

Time) Directors, Non-Executive (Part-Time Official) Government

Nominee Directors and Non-Executive (Part-Time Non-Official)

Independent Directors. As on 31 Mar 2023, the Board of Directors

of your Company doesn’t consist of an optimum combination

of Executive and Non-Executive Directors. As on the said date,

the Board consists of 06 Directors comprising 03 Whole-Time

Directors, 01 Government Nominee Director and 02 Part-Time

Non-Official (Independent) Directors.

6.

The details of the Members of the Board of Directors of your Company during the period from 01 Apr 2022 to 31 Mar 2023 are given below:

Name of the Directors

Date of

Appointment

No. of Directorship in

other Public Companies#

No. of Board Committee

positions held in other

Companies##

Directorship

in other listed

entity & category

Chairperson

Member

Chairperson

Member

Whole-Time Directors

Cmde Hari P R, IN (Retd.)

Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director of the Company w.e.f. 01 Apr 2022

to 10 Jun 2022.

[3] Relinquish the position of Director (Personnel) for assuming charge as Chairman &: Managing Director of the Company w.e.f. 10 Jun

2022.

[4] The Government has entrusted the Additional Charge of the post of Director (Personnel) of the Company w.e.f. 10 Jun 2022 to 10 Mar

2023.

[5] The Government has entrusted the Additional Charge of the post of Director (Personnel) of the Company w.e.f. 10 Mar 2023.

[6] Appointed as a Director (Shipbuilding) of the Company w.e.f. 08 Jun 2022.

[7] Ceased as Government Nominee Director of the Company w.e.f. 23 Jun 2022.

[8] Appointed as a Government Nominee Director of the Company w.e.f. 23 Jun 2022. Further, he ceased to be director of Hindustan

Aeronautics Limited w.e.f 23 Dec 2022.

[9] Appointed as an Independent Director of the Company w.e.f. 12 Apr 2022. Later on, Smt. Darshana Singh resigned from position of

Independent Director of the Company w.e.f. 01 June 2022.

[10] Appointed as an Independent Director of the Company w.e.f. 06 Apr 2022.

7.

Two (2) Executive (Whole Time Director), Two (2) Part-Time Non-

Official Director (Independent Director) and One (1) Part-Time

Official Director have been inducted to the Board of Directors

during the year under review. Brief Resume of the newly

appointed Directors are provided below:

Cmde Hari P R, IN (Retd.)

Cmde Hari P R, IN (Retd.) (DIN: 08591411) having an experience

of over 34 years, assumed charge as

letter dated 30 May

2022 has tendered her resignation from the post of Part-time

Non-Official Director (Independent Director) on the Board of the

Company with immediate effect. In her resignation: letter, she has

mentioned that due to upcoming new roles and responsibilities,

she would not be able to justify her role and position of Part-Time

Non-Official

Managing Director of the Company

on 10 Jun 2022

[2] Appointed as Director (Shipbuilding) of the Company on 08

Jun 2022

[3] Ceased as Govt. Nominee Director of the Company w.e.f. 23

Jun 2022

[4] Appointed as the new Government Nominee Director of the

Company w.e.f. 23 Jun 2022

[5] Appointed as an Independent Director of the Company w.e.f.

12 Apr 2022

[6] Ceased as an Independent Woman Director of the Company

w.e.f. 01 Jul 2022

COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD

16. Currently, the Board has constituted seven (7) Sub-Committees

to assist it in the management of the day-to-day affairs of

your Company and to facilitate a smooth and efficient flow of

decision-making process. The Board Sub-Committees consists of

the following:

(a)

Audit Committee;

(b) HR, Nomination and Remuneration Committee;

(c)

CSR & Sustainability Committee;

(d) Stakeholders Relationship Committee;

(e)

Risk Management Committee

(f)

Procurement Committee;

(g) Legal Committee

17. Details about the above-mentioned Sub-Committees of the Board

of Directors are provided below.

MANDATORY COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD

Audit Committee

18. During the period from 01 Apr 2022 to 24 Apr 2022, the Audit

Committee was not reconstituted due to non-availability of

adequate number of Independent Directors on the Board of

the Company. However, the Company had proper constitution

of Audit Committee from 25 Apr 2022 to 31 Mar 2023. The

composition of the Audit Committee is in line with Section 177

of the Companies Act, 2013, the DPE Guidelines on Corporate

Governance for CPSEs, 2010 and the SEBI (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing

Regulations”).

19. The composition of the Audit Committee of the Board of

Directors as on 31 Mar 2023 is as follows:

(a)

Shri Sanjay Dattatraya Panse

Independent Director

Chairperson

(b)

Shri Sanjeeb Mohanty

Independent Director

Member

(c)

Cdr Shantanu Bose, IN (Retd.)

Director (Shipbuilding)[1]

Member

[1] Admitted as a member of the Committee w.e.f. 20 Jun 2022

20. Director (Finance) is the Permanent Special Invitee to the Audit

Committee. The Company Secretary is the Secretary to the Audit

Committee. General Manager (Finance), Additional General

Manager (Internal Audit), Statutory Auditors (when quarterly

and annual accounts discussed) and Internal Auditors (when

internal audit report discussed) of the Company also attend the

Meetings of the Audit Committee regularly.

21. The terms of reference of the Audit Committee are specified in

accordance with Section 177 of the Companies Act, 2013 and

the rules framed thereunder, the SEBI Listing Regulations and the

Guidelines on Corporate Governance issued by the Department

of Public Enterprises. The primary function of the Committee

is to assist the Board of Directors in fulfilling its responsibilities

by reviewing the financial reports, your Company’s systems

of internal controls regarding finance, accounting and legal

compliance that management and the Board have established

and your Company’s auditing, accounting and financial reporting

process generally.

22. The Audit Committee reviews reports of the Internal Auditors,

meets Statutory Auditors and discusses their findings, suggestions

and other related matters and reviews the major accounting

policies followed by your Company. The Audit Committee reviews

the quarterly, half yearly and annual financial statements before

their submission to the Board. The Committee also reviews

the functioning of whistle blower mechanisms and effective

implementation of Insider Trading Code in the Company.

23. The Chairman of the Audit Committee apprises the Board

about the observations of the Audit Committee during the

Board Meetings. The Minutes of the Audit Committee Meetings

are placed before the Board of Directors at their subsequent

meetings for information. All the recommendations made by the

Audit Committee were accepted by the Board during the year.

24. During the financial year 2022-23, five (5) Meetings of the Audit

Committee were held. The attendance of the members at the

Audit Committee meetings during the financial year 2022-23 is

given below:

Name of the Director

Meeting held and attended during respective Tenure of Directors

% of

attendance

23-May-22

11-Aug-22

10-Nov-22

18-Jan-23

9-Feb-23

Shri Sanjay Dattatraya Panse

Independent Director

___ 100

Shri Sanjeeb Mohanty

Independent Director

___ 100

Cdr Shantanu Bose, IN (Retd.) [1]

Director (Shipbuilding)

NA

___ 100

Smt Darshana Singh[2]

Independent Director

NA

NA

NA

NA

___ 100

Cmde Hari P R, IN (Retd.)[3]

Director (Personnel)

x

NA

NA

NA

NA

___ 0

77

CG REPORT

AnnuAl REPORT 2022-23:

Managing Director

Chairperson

(c)

Shri Sanjay Dattatraya Panse

Independent Director

Member

(d)

Shri Ramesh Kumar Dash,

Director (Finance)

Member

(e)

Cdr Shantanu Bose, IN (Retd.) [1]

Director (Shipbuilding)

Member

[1] Admitted as a member of the Committee w.e.f. 20 Jun 2022

49. The Company Secretary is the Secretary to the Committee.

50. The Chairman of the Procurement Committee apprises the Board

about the observations of the Procurement Committee during

the Board Meeting.

51. During the financial year 2022-23, six (6) Meetings of the Procurement Committee were held. The attendance of the members at the

Procurement Committee meetings during the financial year 2022-23 is given below:

Name of the Director

Meeting held and attended during respective Tenure of Directors

% of

attendance

05 Jul 2022

30 Jul 2022

10 Nov 2022

21 Dec 2022

19 Jan 2023

06 Mar 2023

Cmde Hari P R, IN (Retd.)

Chairman

&

Managing

Director

___ 100

Shri Sanjay Dattatraya Panse

Independent Director

___ 100

Shri Ramesh Kumar Dash

Director (Finance)

___ 100

Cdr Shantanu Bose, IN (Retd.) [1]

Director (Shipbuilding)

___ 80

- Present × - Absent NA - Not Applicable

[1] Admitted as member of the Company w.e.f. 20 Jun 2022

Legal Committee

52. The Legal Committee of the Board of Directors was formed to review, monitor and suggest an appropriate course of action for the legal

cases of the Company, other than taxation matters.

Appointment and Remuneration of Whole-Time Directors

53. Being a Central Public Sector Enterprise (CPSE), the appointment of Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

38.88

1.48

5.83

7.62

53.81

Cmde Hari P R, IN (Retd.)[2]

Director (Personnel)

9.58

0.94

1.10

3.04

14.66

Shri Ramesh Kumar Dash

Director (Finance) and CFO

38.06

3.73

5.22

7.55

54.56

Cdr. Shantanu Bose, IN (Retd.)[3]

Director (Shipbuilding)

36.51

0.27

4.75

3.48

45.01

*Salary includes arrears

[1] Relinquish position of Director (personnel) of the Company w.e.f. 10 Jun 2022.

[2] Appointed as Chairman &: Managing Director of the Company w.e.f. 10 Jun 2022.

[3] Appointed as Director (Shipbuilding) (Whole-time Director) of the Company w.e.f. 08 Jun 2022.

56. During the year, no Stock Options were issued by the Company to Whole-time Directors.

Appointment and Remuneration of Part-Time Directors

57. The Government Nominee Director is appointed by the President of India and he/she holds the office till further orders from the Government.

They are not entitled to any remuneration or sitting fees.

58. The Independent Directors appointed or reappointed by the President of India in consultation with the

Managing Director of the Company

483

1,07,18,389

99.62

34

40,968

0.38

Confirmation of the Appointment of Shri Rajeev

Prakash (DIN: 08590061) as Government

Nominee Director of the Company

472

86,74,235

80.62

44

20,85,022

19.38

Borrowing Powers of the Company

482

107,56,808

99.97

34

3,438

0.03

Creation of Security / Charge on the Company’s

Assets with respect to Borrowing

481

107,56,727

99.97

35

3,519

0.03

70. None of the business proposed to be transacted at the ensuing AGM requires the passing of a Special Resolution through Postal Ballot.

Procedure for Postal Ballot

71. The postal ballot is conducted in accordance with the provisions contained in Section 108, 110 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the

Companies Act, 2013, with Rules framed thereunder and Circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs. The shareholders are provided

the facility to vote either by physical ballot or through e-voting. The postal ballot notice is sent to shareholders in electronic form to the

email addresses, where available, or in physical form through permitted mode where email addresses are not available. The Company also

publishes a notice in the newspapers in accordance with the requirements under the Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI Listing Regulations.

72. Shareholders holding equity shares as on the cut-off date may cast their votes through e-voting or through postal ballot form during the

voting period fixed for this purpose. After completion of scrutiny of votes, the scrutinizer submits his report to the Chairman and the results

of voting by postal ballot are announced within 48 hours of conclusion of the voting period. The results are displayed on the website of

the Company (www.grse.in), and communicated to the Stock Exchanges, Depositories, and Registrar and Share Transfer Agents. The

resolutions, if passed by the requisite majority, are deemed to have been passed on the last date specified for receipt of duly completed

postal ballot forms or e-voting.

FAMILIARISATION PROGRAMME AND TRAINING FOR DIRECTORS

73. Familiarization programme for Directors generally form part of the Board process. All new Directors are provided with an overview of

the operations of the Company at the time of their induction to the Board. They are familiarized to your Company’s culture, values and

commitments through orientation sessions. They are also regularly encouraged and assisted for attending training programmes on various

topics of Corporate Governance. Further, the Independent Directors are updated on an on-going basis at the Board / Committee meetings,

inter-alia, on the following:

•

Nature of industry in which the Company operates;

•

Business environment and operational model of various business divisions of the Company including important developments thereon;

•

Important changes in regulatory framework having impact on the Company.

74. Details of the familiarization programme for Independent Directors can be accessed at https://grse.in/wp-content/uploads/2022/06/

Familiarisation-Programme-2021-22.pdf.

CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS FOR BOARD MEMBERS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

75. The Board of Directors of your Company has formulated a “Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Board Members and Senior Management”

for better Corporate Governance and fair and transparent practices as per Guidelines issued by the Department of Public Enterprises. A copy

of the same has been circulated to all concerned and posted on your Company’s website. The Board members and senior management

personnel to whom the said Code is applicable have affirmed compliance of the same for the year ended 31 Mar 2023. A declaration to this

effect signed by the Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director. He is regularly invited to attend the Audit Committee meetings. Further, the Internal Auditors of the

Company are also invited to the Audit Committee meetings to discuss their Internal Audit Report on a quarterly basis.

(l)

Quarterly Compliance Report on Corporate Governance: The Company has submitted the quarterly compliance report on corporate

governance in the prescribed format to the stock exchange(s) within the prescribed time period. The same is also hosted on the website

of the Company at https://grse.in/corporate-governance-report/.

(m) Prevention of Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace: The Company is committed to provide a work environment that

ensures every employee is treated with dignity, respect and afforded equal treatment. Please refer ‘Disclosure under the Sexual

Harassment of Women at the Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition & Redressal) Act, 2013’ Section of Director’s Report for more details.

(n) Certificate from Practicing Company Secretary on qualification of the Board: M/s. Maheshwari R & Associates, Company

Secretaries has certified that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company have been debarred or disqualified from being

appointed or continuing as directors of companies by the SEBI/ Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such statutory authority. The

aforesaid certificate is provided at Annexure III to this Report.

(o) Recommendation of Committees of the Board of Directors: During the Financial Year 2022-23, there was no instance, where the

Board had not accepted the recommendation(s) of any committee of the Board which is mandatorily required.

(p) Fees to Statutory Auditors: The total fees paid for all services by the Company to M/s. Mookherjee Biswas & Pathak, Statutory Auditors

of the Company during FY 2022-23 aggregate to `15,42,000/-. Details are available under Note 27 of the ‘Financial Statements’.

(q) CEO and CFO Certification: The Chairman and: Managing Director (CMD) and the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of the Company give

annual certification on financial reporting and internal controls to the Board in terms of Regulation 17(8) of the Listing Regulations,

copy of which is attached to this Report as Annexure-IV. The CMD and the CFO also give quarterly certification on financial results

while placing the financial results before the Board in terms of Regulation 33(2) of the Listing Regulations.

DECLARATION

Pursuant to the Department of Public Enterprises Guidelines on Corporate Governance for Central Public Sector Enterprises dated 14th May, 2010

and Regulation 26 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, it is hereby declared that all Board Members

and Senior Management Personnel of your Company have affirmed compliance with the Code of Conduct & Ethics for Board Members and Senior

Management Personnel of Garden Reach Shipbuilders & Engineers Limited for the year ended 31st March, 2023.

For Garden Reach Shipbuilders & Engineers Limited

Place: Kolkata

Date: 21 July, 2023

Sd/-

Cmde Hari P R, IN (Retd.)

Managing Director and Shri Ramesh Kumar Dash, Director (Finance) & Chief Financial Officer certify

that:

1.

We have reviewed the Financial Statements including the Cash Flow statement of Garden Reach Shipbuilders & Engineers Limited (the

Company) for the year ended 31st March, 2023 and that to the best of our knowledge and belief:

(i)

these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements that might be

misleading;

(ii)

these statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with existing Accounting

Standards, applicable laws and regulations.

2.

To the best of our knowledge and belief, none of the transactions entered into by the Company during the year which are fraudulent, illegal

or violates of the Company’s Code of Conduct.

3.

We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that we have evaluated the effectiveness

of internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting. Deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls,

if any, of which we are aware have been disclosed to the Auditors and the Audit Committee and steps have been taken to rectify these

deficiencies.

4.

We have indicated to the Auditors and the Audit Committee that:

(i)

there has not been any significant change in internal control over financial reporting during the year under reference;

(ii)

that there are no significant changes in accounting policies made during the year, subject to changes in the same and the same have

been disclosed in the Notes to the Financial Statements; and

(iii) that there are no instances of any significant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement there in, if any, of the

Management or an employee having a significant role in the company's internal control system over financial reporting.

Sd/-

Sd/-

Ramesh Kumar Dash

Cmde Hari P R, IN (Retd.)

Kolkata

Director (Finance) & CFO

Chairman &: Managing

letter dated 22 Aug 2022, 21 Nov 2022, 21 Feb 2023 & 22 May 2023

respectively and has requested to waive off the penalty. However, as per the SOP of SEBI, the

Stock Exchanges could not consider the case for waiver of penalty due to the non-compliances

continued.

NSE & BSE

4.

Does the entity have an anti-corruption or anti-bribery policy? If yes, provide details in brief and if available, provide a web-link

to the policy.

Yes, GRSE has an anti-corruption and anti-bribery policy. The company has a well formulated Conduct, Discipline & Appeal (CDA) Rule which

are to be followed by all employees.

Garden Reach shipbuilders and Engineers Limited (GRSE) is a Central Public Sector Enterprise (CPSE) under the Ministry of Defence, Govt.

of India. As per the CVC Act, 2003, GRSE Ltd. comes under the jurisdiction of Central Vigilance Commission (CVC) with regards to anti-

corruption / anti-bribery policy and all its rules & regulations and policies are in accordance with the CVC Guidelines.

The Vigilance set up of the organization is headed by a Chief Vigilance Officer (CVO), who is on deputation from the Central Government

and provides a link between the Organization and the Central Vigilance Commission as well as the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI).

The CVO receives all complaints, handles all vigilance matters, conducts regular as well as surprise checks and reports to the CVC. The names,

email address and phone numbers of CVO and his officers have been provided in the Vigilance Corner of the GRSE website (https://www.

grse.in/vigilance-corner/) and a link (https://www.grse.in/registering-a-new-complaint/) has also been provided there to get in touch with

CVO if a person wants to register a complaint. Further if the person also wants to register the complaint directly with CVC then the link

(https://portal.cvc.gov.in/) for the same is also provided on the GRSE website

For monitoring all Tenders and Contracts of worth ` 2.0 Crores or more the company, as per the directives of the CVC, the Company have

two Independent External Monitors (IEMs). The names, addresses and telephone numbers of IEMs are provided in all the Tenders and

Contracts of worth ` 2.0 Crores or above thus allowing the bidders, if they wish, to get in touch with them in case of any issues. In addition

to this all bidders participating in such tenders are supposed to mandatorily submit an Integrity Pact which envisages an agreement between

the prospective vendors / bidders and the Principal (GRSE), committing the persons / officials of both sides, not to resort to any corrupt

practices in any aspect / stage of the contract. Only those vendors/ bidders, who commit themselves to such a Pact with the Principal, are

103

BRSR

AnnuAl RepoRt 2022-23:

Letter and any other communication mode

agreed to in the contract.

4.

Does the entity display product information on the product over and above what is mandated as per local laws? (Yes/No/Not

Applicable) If yes, provide details in brief. Did your entity carry out any survey with regard to consumer satisfaction relating to

the major products / services of the entity, significant locations of operation of the entity or the entity as a whole? (Yes/No)

Not Applicable. The products of the Company are such that does not require any standard information to display/stenciled.

5.

Provide the following information relating to data breaches:

(a) Number of instances of data breaches along-with impact

NIL

(b) Percentage of data breaches involving personally identifiable information of customers

NIL

123

BRSR

AnnuAl RepoRt 2022-23:

Managing Director

Firm's Registration No - 301138E

DIN - 08591411

Sd/-

Sd/-

(CA. Sudersan Mukherjee)

R.K Dash

Partner

Director (Finance) & CFO

Membership No. 059159

DIN - 08511344

Sd/-

S. Mahapatra

Place of Signature : Kolkata

Company Secretary

Date : 24th day of May, 2023

ACS 10992

134

Garden reach ShipbuilderS & enGineerS ltd.:

Managing Director

Firm's Registration No - 301138E

DIN - 08591411

Sd/-

Sd/-

(CA. Sudersan Mukherjee)

R.K Dash

Partner

Director (Finance) & CFO

Membership No. 059159

DIN - 08511344

Sd/-

S. Mahapatra

Place of Signature : Kolkata

Company Secretary

Date : 24th day of May, 2023

ACS 10992

135

financial statements

annual report 2022-23:

Managing Director

Firm's Registration No - 301138E

DIN - 08591411

Sd/-

Sd/-

(CA. Sudersan Mukherjee)

R.K Dash

Partner

Director (Finance) & CFO

Membership No. 059159

DIN - 08511344

Sd/-

S. Mahapatra

Place of Signature : Kolkata

Company Secretary

Date : 24th day of May, 2023

ACS 10992

(` in Lakh)

137

financial statements

annual report 2022-23:

Managing Director

Firm's Registration No - 301138E

DIN - 08591411

Sd/-

Sd/-

(CA. Sudersan Mukherjee)

R.K Dash

Partner

Director (Finance) & CFO

Membership No. 059159

DIN - 08511344

Sd/-

S. Mahapatra

Place of Signature : Kolkata

Company Secretary

Date : 24th day of May, 2023

ACS 10992

138

Garden reach ShipbuilderS & enGineerS ltd.:

letter of 07 August, 1999 raised a claim for a 30 year lease effective from 01.04.1996 of ` 1,488 Lakh

as onetime premium and a sum of ` 148.8 Lakh p.a. being 10% of the said premium as annual lease rent which GRSE repudiated. During

April, 2013, HEC unilaterally referred the disputes to PMA, DPE, Govt. of India for arbitration and subsequently inter alia prayed before PMA

for directing GRSE to enter into lease agreement for totally baseless, frivolous and absurd lease rent and premium with interest for further

period and to declare GRSE as “unauthorized occupant” etc. GRSE raised preliminary objection regarding maintainability and sustainability

of the alleged reference of HEC and rejection of claim as the same are not sustainable on facts as well as in law. The matter was under

adjudication before Smt. Zoya Hadke, Sole Arbitrator, PMA who after hearing both the parties at length, vide Order dated 30.6.2015 held

that in absence of any agreement between the parties, the Arbitral Forum lacks jurisdiction to settle the dispute and rejected the reference

of HEC. Accordingly, the arbitration matter stood disposed off. No appeal filed by HEC.

GRSE has also filed a Civil Suit (TS 117 of 2014) in March, 2014 before a competent Civil Court at Ranchi, HEC and the Govt. of Jharkhand

being the defendants, with prayer for declaration by the Court that GRSE has acquired irrevocable licence coupled with interest in the subject

land by setting up Diesel Engine Plant permanently thereon free of cost in accordance with the law of the land and for permanent injunction

restraining HEC from interfering with the possession of land by GRSE and running industry thereon. Hearing of the case is in progress.

HEC has filed an Application under the Public Premises (Eviction of Unauthorised Occupants) Act, 1971 before the Estate Officer appointed

under the said Act by HEC, for eviction of GRSE alleging as ‘unauthorised occupant’ from the said land occupied by DEP Unit of GRSE. [Case

no. P.P. ACT/REV/201801 dated 28.4.2018]

GRSE has filed a Writ Petition [ being WP (C) No. 3359 of 2018] before the Hon’ble Jharkhand High Court praying for ‘declaration’ that

summary proceeding before the Estate Officer under the Public Premises (Eviction of Unauthorised Occupants ) Act is not maintainable

involving intricate and complicated questions of law pertaining to title, right, interest and possession to the land and moreover competent

civil court at Ranchi is already adjudicating the matter on the self-same cause of action. The High Court on 14.8.2018 directed HEC to file

Opposition and not to evict GRSE from the said land. Meanwhile, upon approach by HEC, process to find out various possibilities to arrive at

amicable settlement has been initiated.

In view of the above an amount of ` 5,505.60 Lakh (Previous year ` 5,356.80 Lakh) without interest has been considered as contingent

liability not acknowledged as debt.

Note 42:

Letters seeking confirmation of balances in the accounts as at 31 December, 2022 of sundry creditors were sent to vendors. On the basis of replies

received from certain vendors, adjustments wherever necessary have been made in the Accounts.

Note 43:

(a) The Company has sent letters seeking confirmations of balances in respect of its Debtors Though no response has been received from the

debtors, in the opinion of the Company, the balances have realisable values equal to the amount as stated in the books in the ordinary course

of business, unless otherwise stated.

b)

The amounts received from customers are mainly received in respect of ship division, customers being Indian Navy and Indian Coast Guards.

In respect of other divisions, advance from customers are received mainly from Government Departments.

178

Garden reach ShipbuilderS & enGineerS ltd.:

Managing Director

Firm's Registration No - 301138E

DIN - 08591411

Sd/-

Sd/-

(CA. Sudersan Mukherjee)

R.K Dash

Partner

Director (Finance) & CFO

Membership No. 059159

DIN - 08511344

Sd/-

S. Mahapatra

Place of Signature : Kolkata

Company Secretary

Date : 24th day of May, 2023

ACS 10992

182

Garden reach ShipbuilderS & enGineerS ltd.:

letter no. 1/1(1) 2022/D(NS) dated 16 Jun 2023 issued

by Ministry of Defence, Govt. of India (on behalf of President

of India) and positioned as Director (Personnel), the consent of

the Members be and is hereby accorded for confirmation of the

appointment of DIG Subrato Ghosh, ICG (Retd.) (DIN: 10205285)

as Whole Time Director designated as Director (Personnel) of the

Company and to hold office for a period of 22 months effective

from 20 Jun 2023 or till the date of his superannuation and on

such terms & conditions as stipulated by the President of India,

and shall be liable to retire by rotation.”

“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby

authorised to do all such acts, deeds and things and execute all

such documents, instruments and writings, as may be required

and to delegate all or any of its powers herein conferred to any

committee of Directors or to any Director or to any employee of

the Company to give effect to the aforesaid resolution.”

(6) To ratify the remuneration payable to the Cost Auditors for the

financial year ending 31st March, 2024 and, in this regard, to

consider and if thought fit, to pass, the following resolution as

an Ordinary Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 148

and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act,

2013 and the Rules framed thereunder (including any statutory

modification(s) therein or re-enactment thereof, for the time

being in force), the remuneration payable to M/s Chatterjee &

Co., Cost Accountants, appointed by the Board of Directors on

the recommendation of the Audit Committee of the Company,

as Cost Auditors to conduct audit of the cost records of the

Company for the financial year ending 31st March, 2024,

amounting to ` 58,000/- plus applicable taxes and out of pocket

expenses incurred in connection with the aforesaid audit, be and

is hereby ratified.”

183

NOTICE

ANNuAl rEpOrT 2022-23:

letter mentioning the Folio No., Name

and address of the Shareholder, scanned copy of the Share

Certificate (front and back), self-attested copy of the PAN card

and any document (eg.: Aadhaar Card, Driving License, Election

Identity Card, Passport) in support of the registered address

of the Member. Members holding shares in dematerialised

mode are requested to provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID +

CLID or 16-digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy

of Consolidated Account statement, self-attested copy of PAN

and any document (eg.: Aadhaar Card, Driving License, Election

Identity Card, Passport) to investor.grievance@grse.co.in. If you

are an Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode,

you are requested to refer to the login method explained below

at step 1 (I) i.e. Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual

meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat

mode.

3.

Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to

evoting@nsdl.co.in for procuring user id and password for

e-voting by providing above mentioned documents.

4.

In case of any queries / difficulties in registering the e-mail

address, Members may write to investor.grievance@grse.co.in.

INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR PARTICIPATING IN THE

AGM THROUGH VC/OAVM

1.

Member will be provided with a facility to attend the AGM

through VC/OAVM through the NSDL e-Voting system. Members

may access by following the steps mentioned below for Access

to NSDL e-Voting system. After successful login, you can

see link of “VC/OAVM link” placed under “Join Meeting” tab

against company name. You are requested to click on VC/OAVM

link placed under Join Meeting tab. The link for VC/OAVM will

be available in Shareholder/Member login where the EVEN of

Company will be displayed. Please note that the members who

do not have the User ID and Password for e-Voting or have

forgotten the User ID and Password may retrieve the same by

following the remote e-Voting instructions mentioned in the

notice to avoid last minute rush.

2.

Members can join the AGM in the VC/OAVM mode 30 minutes

before and after the scheduled time of the commencement of

the Meeting by following the procedure mentioned in the Notice.

The facility of participation at the AGM through VC/OAVM will

be made available for 1000 members on first come first served

basis. This will not include large Shareholders (Shareholders

holding 2% or more shareholding), Promoters, Institutional

Investors, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, the Chairpersons

of the Audit Committee, HR, Nomination and Remuneration

Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Auditors,

Scrutinisers, etc. who are allowed to attend the AGM without

restriction on account of first come first served basis.

3.

Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops

for better experience. Further, Members will be required to

allow Camera and use Internet with a good speed to avoid any

disturbance during the meeting.

4.

Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile Devices or

Tablets or through Laptop connecting via Mobile Hotspot may

experience Audio/Video loss due to Fluctuation in their respective

network. It is therefore recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN

Connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.

5.

As the AGM is being conducted through VC / OAVM, for the

smooth conduct of proceedings of the AGM, the Shareholders

who would like to express their views/ask questions during the

AGM may register themselves as a speaker, may send their

request mentioning their name, DP ID and Client ID number/

folio number, email id and mobile number at investor.grievance@

grse.co.in latest by 5.00 p.m. on Tuesday, 19th September, 2023.

Further, Shareholders are encouraged to express their views/

send queries in advance mentioning their name, DP ID and

Client ID number/ folio number, email id and mobile number

at investor.grievance@grse.co.in. Questions / queries received by

the Company till 5.00 p.m. on Tuesday, 19th September, 2023

shall only be considered and responded during the AGM.

6.

Those shareholders who have registered themselves as a speaker

will only be allowed to express their views/ask questions during

the meeting. When a pre-registered speaker is invited to speak

at the meeting but he / she does not respond, the next speaker

will be invited to speak. Accordingly, all speakers are requested

to get connected to a device with a video/ camera along with

good internet speed. Further, the Company reserves the right

to restrict the number of questions and number of speakers, as

appropriate for smooth conduct of the AGM. In the interest of

time, each speaker is requested to express his/her views in 2-3

minutes of their allotted time.

7.

Members who need assistance before or during the AGM, can

contact Ms. Pallavi Mhatre, Senior Manager, NSDL at evoting@

nsdl.co.in or call 1800 1020 990 / 1800 22 44 30.

189

NOTICE

ANNuAl rEpOrT 2022-23:

letter

etc., with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized

signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by

e-mail to investor.grievance@grse.co.in with a copy marked to

evoting@nsdl.co.in. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than

individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board Resolution

/ Power of Attorney / Authority: Letter etc. by clicking on "Upload

Board Resolution / Authority Letter" displayed under "e-Voting"

tab in their login.

2.

In case of joint holders attending the meeting, the Member

whose name appears as the first holder in the order of names as

per the Register of Members of the Company will be entitled to

vote.

3.

Any person holding shares in physical form and non-individual

shareholders, who acquire shares and become Members of the

Company after the sending of Notice and hold shares as on cut-

off date i.e. 25th August, 2023, may obtain the USER ID and

password by sending request at evoting@nsdl.co.in or to the RTA

at their e-mail id rta@alankit.com. However, if you are already

registered with NSDL for remote e-voting then you can use your

existing User ID and password for casting your vote. If you forgot

your password, you can reset your password by using “Forgot

User Details/Password” or “Physical User Reset Password” option

available on www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll free no. 1800

1020 990 and 1800 22 44 30. In case of Individual Shareholders

holding securities in demat mode who acquires shares of the

Company and becomes a Member of the Company after sending

of the Notice and hold shares as of the cut-off date i.e. 25th

August, 2023, may follow steps mentioned above under the

section “Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system”.

4.

It is strongly recommended not to share your password with

any other person and take utmost care to keep your password

confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon

five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In

such an event, you will need to go through the “Forgot User

Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?” option

available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

5.

In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked

Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-voting user manual for

Shareholders available at the download section of www.evoting.

nsdl.com or call on toll free no.: 022 - 4886 7000 and 022 - 2499

7000 or send a request to Ms. Pallavi Mhatre, Senior Manager

at evoting@nsdl.co.in. Members may also write to the Company

Secretary at the Company’s email address at investor.grievance@

grse.co.in.

INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR E-VOTING ON THE DAY OF

THE AGM

1.

The procedure for e-voting on the day of the AGM is same as the

instructions mentioned above for remote e-voting.

2.

Only those Members/shareholders, who will be present in the

AGM through VC / OAVM facility and have not casted their vote

on the Resolutions through remote e-voting and are otherwise

not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through

e-voting system in the AGM.

3.

Members who have voted through remote e-voting will be

eligible to attend the AGM. However, they will not be eligible to

vote at the AGM.

4.

Members who need assistance before or during the AGM with

use of technology, can contact the persons as mentioned above

under the section “Instructions for Members for e-Voting and/or

General Guidelines for Shareholders”.

EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102(1) OF

THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013

Item No. (5)

Your Company being a Government Company, the Directors on the

Board are appointed by the Government of India (on behalf of the

President of India).

The Ministry of Defence, Government of India vide its letter no. 1/1(1)

2022/D(NS) dated 16 Jun 2023 appointed DIG Subrato Ghosh, ICG

(Retd.) (DIN: 10205285), as Director (Personnel) on the Board of the

Company for a period of 22 months effective from 20 Jun 2023 or

till the date of his superannuation and on such terms & conditions as

stipulated by the Government of India, and shall be liable to retire by

rotation.

Pursuant to Section 161 and other applicable provisions of the

Companies Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’) and Articles 195 & 196 of the Articles

of Association of the Company, the Company appointed DIG Subrato

Ghosh, ICG (Retd.) as Additional Director to hold office pursuant

to Section 160 of the Act, and further the Company has received a

notice from DIG Subrato Ghosh, ICG (Retd.) who proposed himself

for directorship. Further, his appointment was recommended by the

HR, Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Company under

Section 160 of the Act.

Regulation 17 (1C) of the SEBI Listing Regulations provides that the

listed entity shall ensure that approval of shareholders for appointment

of a person on the Board of Directors is taken at the ensuing general

meeting or within a time period of three months from the date of

appointment, whichever is earlier.

Brief resume of DIG Subrato Ghosh, ICG (Retd.) inter-alia, giving

nature of expertise in specific functional areas and experience, skills

and capabilities, Directorship in listed entities and other companies,

Membership/

