letter/ Power of Attorney

together with specimen signature of those representatives

to the scrutinizer at pcs@vkcindia.com authorizing their

representative to vote on their behalf at the meeting.

d.

In line with the MCA Circulars and SEBI Circular, the Annual

Report for the financial year 2022-23 and Notice of the 67th

AGM will be available on the website of the Company at

https://www.ge.com/in/ge-td-india-limited, on the website

of BSE Limited at https://www.bseindia.com/ and National

Stock Exchange of India Limited at https://www.nseindia.

com/. The Notice of 67th AGM will also be available on the

website of NSDL at https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/.

e.

Since this AGM will be held through VC/OAVM Facility in

accordance with the Circulars, the route map, proxy form

and attendance slip are not annexed in this Notice.

f.

National Securities Depositories Limited (“NSDL”) will be

providing facility for voting through remote e-Voting, for

participation in the 67th AGM through VC/OAVM Facility

and e-Voting during the 67th AGM.

g.

Members may join the 67th AGM through VC/OAVM Facility

by following the procedure as mentioned below which shall

be kept open for the Members from 2:30 P.M. IST i.e., 30

minutes before the time scheduled at 03:00 P.M. to start

the 67th AGM on 21st August, 2023 and the Company may

close the window for joining the VC/OAVM Facility 30

minutes after the scheduled time to start the 67th AGM.

h.

Members may note that the facility of participation at the

67th AGM through VC/OAVM will be made available for

1000 members on first come first served basis. This will

not include large Shareholders (Shareholders holding 2%

or more shareholding), Promoters, Institutional Investors,

Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, the Chairpersons

of the Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration

Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee,

Auditors etc. who are allowed to attend the 67th AGM

without restriction on account of first come first served

basis.

i.

The attendance of the Members attending the AGM through

VC/OAVM will be counted for the purpose of reckoning the

quorum under Section 103 of the Companies Act, 2013.

j.

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the Act

read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management and

Administration) Rules, 2014 (as amended), Secretarial

Standard on General Meetings (SS-2) issued by the Institute

of Company Secretaries of India (“ICSI”), Regulation 44

of Listing Regulations read with MCA Circulars and SEBI

Circulars, the Company is providing remote e-Voting

facility to its Members in respect of the business to be

transacted at the 67th AGM and facility for those Members

participating in the 67th AGM to cast vote through e-Voting

system during the 67th AGM. For this purpose, the Company

has entered into an agreement with National Securities

Depository Limited (NSDL) for facilitating voting through

electronic means, as the authorized agency.

3.

Instructions for Members for Remote e-Voting and joining

the 67th Annual General Meeting are as under:

a.

The remote e-Voting period will commence on Friday,

August 18, 2023 (9:00 AM IST) and end on Sunday, August:

letter etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly

authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to

the Scrutinizer by e-mail to pcs@vkcindia.com with a copy

marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in. Institutional shareholders

(i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload

their Board Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority: Letter etc. by clicking on “Upload Board Resolution /

Authority Letter” displayed under “e-Voting” tab in their

login.

2.

It is strongly recommended not to share your password

with any other person and take utmost care to keep your

password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will

be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the

correct password. In such an event, you will need to go

through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical

User Reset Password?” option available on www.evoting.

nsdl.com to reset the password.

3.

In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked

Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-voting user

manual for Shareholders available at the download section

of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll free no.: 1800 1020

990 and 1800 22 44 30 or send a request to Mr. Amit Vishal,

Assistant Vice President, National Securities Depository

Ltd., Trade World, ‘A’ Wing, 4th Floor, Kamala Mills

Compound, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai –

400 013, at the designated email IDs: evoting@nsdl.co.in or

AmitV@nsdl.co.in

Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not

registered with the depositories for procuring user id

and password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting

for the resolutions set out in this notice:

1.

In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio

No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the share certificate

(front and back), PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card),

AADHAAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email

to the email address of the Registrars and Share Transfer Agents

of the Company, M/s C B Management Services Pvt. Ltd. rta@

cbmsl.com.

2.

In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-

CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary ID), Name,

client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN

(self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAAR (self-

attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to the email address of

the Registrars and Share Transfer Agents of the Company, M/s C

B Management Services Pvt. Ltd. rta@cbmsl.com. If you are an

Individual shareholder holding securities in demat mode, you are

requested to refer to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e.,

Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for

Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode.

3.

Alternatively, shareholder/members may send a request to

evoting@nsdl.co.in for procuring user id and password for

e-voting by providing above mentioned documents.

4.

In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting

facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders

holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through

their demat account maintained with Depositories and

Depository Participants. Shareholders are required to update

their mobile number and email ID correctly in their demat

account in order to access e-Voting facility.

THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR e-VOTING ON

THE DAY OF THE 67th AGM THROUGH VC/OAVM ARE AS

UNDER:

1.

The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the AGM is same as the

instructions mentioned above for remote e-voting.

2.

Only those Members/ shareholders, who will be present in the

AGM through VC/OAVM facility and have not casted their vote on

the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are otherwise not

barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-Voting

system in the AGM.

3.

Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting will be

eligible to attend the AGM. However, they will not be eligible to

vote at the AGM.

4.

The details of the person who may be contacted for any

grievances connected with the facility for e-Voting on the day

of the AGM shall be the same person mentioned for Remote

e-voting.

INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING THE 67th

AGM THROUGH VC/OAVM ARE AS UNDER:

a)

Member will be provided with a facility to attend the EGM/

AGM through VC/OAVM through the NSDL e-Voting system.

Members may access by following the steps mentioned above

for Access to NSDL e-Voting system. After successful login, you

can see link of “VC/OAVM” placed under “Join meeting” menu

against company name. You are requested to click on VC/OAVM

link placed under Join Meeting menu. The link for VC/OAVM

will be available in Shareholder/Member login where the EVEN

of Company will be displayed. Please note that the members

who do not have the User ID and Password for e-Voting or have

forgotten the User ID and Password may retrieve the same by

following the remote e-Voting instructions mentioned in the

notice to avoid last minute rush.

b)

Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops

for better experience.

c)

Further Members will be required to allow Camera and use

Internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance during the

meeting.

d)

Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile Devices

or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via Mobile Hotspot

Letter of

Confirmation will be issued in lieu of Physical Share Certificate

as per Gazette Notification no. SEBI/LADNRO/GN/2022/66

dated January 24, 2022 read with SEBI circular No. SEBI/HO/

MIRSD/ MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8 dated January 25, 2022.

Details with respect to the same are available on the website

of the Company at https://www.ge.com/in/ge-td-india-limited/

reports-financials.

It is also mandatory to link PAN with AADHAAR number as per

the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) circular No. 7 of 2022

dated March 30, 2022 and press release dated March 28, 2023

Security holders who are yet to link the PAN with AADHAAR

number are requested to get the same done.

8.

The formats for Nomination and Updation of KYC details in

accordance with the SEBI circular are available on the Company’s

website at https://www.ge.com/in/ge-td-india-limited/reports-

financials.

9.

The Register of Members and the Share Transfer books of the

Company will remain closed from Tuesday, August 15, 2023 to

Monday, August 21 2023, both days inclusive, for annual closing

and the AGM.

10. Members are requested to note that, dividends not encashed

for a consecutive period of 7 years from the date of transfer

to unpaid dividend account of the company are liable to be

transferred to IEPF. The Company has transferred the unpaid or

unclaimed dividends declared for financial years up to March 31,

2015 from time to time on due dates, to the Investor Education

and Protection Fund (the IEPF) established by the Central

Government.

Pursuant to the provisions of IEPF Rules, all shares in respect

of which dividend has not been paid or claimed for seven

consecutive years shall be transferred by the Company to

the designated Demat Account of the IEPF Authority (“IEPF

Account”) within a period of thirty days of such shares becoming

due to be transferred to the IEPF Account. Accordingly, 90,708

equity shares, in respect of which the dividend for the financial

year ended March 31, 2015 and for periods thereafter remained

unclaimed were transferred to IEPF on September 29, 2022,

after following the prescribed procedure. The Members, whose

unclaimed dividends/ shares have been transferred to IEPF, may

claim the same by making an application to the IEPF Authority,

in Form No. IEPF-5 available on www.iepf.gov.in. The Members/

Claimants can file one consolidated claim in a financial year as

per the IEPF Rules.

Further, all the members who have not claimed/ encashed their

dividends in the last seven consecutive years from financial year

ended March 31, 2016 are advised to claim the same. In case

valid claim is not received, the Company will proceed to transfer

the respective shares to the IEPF Account in accordance with

the procedure prescribed under the IEPF Rules.

SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) mandate Companies

to credit the dividend to the Members electronically. Members

are therefore urged to avail of this facility to ensure safe and

speedy credit of their dividend into their bank account through

the Banks’ ‘’Automated Clearing House” mode. Members who

hold shares in demat mode should inform their Depository

Participant, whereas Members holding shares in physical form

should inform the Company at its Registered Office or to the

Registrars and Share Transfer Agents of the Company, M/s C B

Management Services Pvt. Ltd. having its office at P-22, Bondel

Road, Kolkata 700 019 of the core banking account details

allotted to them by their bankers. In cases where the core

banking account details are not made available, the Company

will issue the demand drafts mentioning the existing bank

details available with the Company.

11. To prevent fraudulent transactions, Members are advised to

exercise due diligence and notify the Company of any change in

address or demise of any Member as soon as possible. Members

are also advised to not leave their demat account(s) dormant

for long. Periodic statement of holdings should be obtained from

the concerned Depository Participant and holdings should be

verified from time to time.:

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer

(w.e.f. April 17, 2023)

Sushil Kumar – Whole-time Director &

Chief Financial Officer

Johan Bindele - Director

(w.e.f. June 1, 2022)

Kirit S. Parikh – Independent Director

Rakesh Nath – Independent Director

Neera Saggi – Independent Director

Sanjay Sagar – Independent Director

Pitamber Shivnani –: Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer

(Upto December 31, 2022)

Rajendra S. Iyer – Director

(Upto May 2, 2022)

Committees of Directors

Audit Committee

Rakesh Nath,

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer

Mr. Johan Bindele

Director

Dr. Kirit S. Parikh

Independent Director

Mr. Mahesh Shrikrishna

Palashikar is an accomplished

global business leader with

3600 cross-functional, multi-

cultural business experience of

over thirty-five years in GE and

Philips, across all continents.

He has been successful in

leading complex high-tech

industrial business operations

in billion-dollar organizations.

He has worked and advanced

his career through a series

of complex and increasingly

responsible assignments in

manufacturing operations,

global supply chain, quality,

lean six sigma, sales, projects,

services, joint ventures, and

business management. He is

the Co-Founder and Partner

of a Multi-National Strategic

Advisory Company focused

on Australia, India, and Japan

markets. Until June 2023,

Mahesh was the President

of General Electric, South

Asia accountable for leading

GE’s presence across all

businesses in South Asia. He

is also the Chairman of the

Board of GE Power India Ltd.

He holds a bachelor’s degree

in engineering, a degree

in Cost and Management

Accounting from India, and a

master’s degree in business

administration from the USA.

He is also a Six Sigma Master

Black Belt certified by GE in

the USA.

Mr. Johan Bindele has more

than 25 years of experience

in the energy industry, which

includes running operations

and large projects in India,

Nepal, Sudan, Switzerland,

and the US. He leads Grid

Systems Integration (GSI)

at GE’s Grid Solutions and

manages a global team of

2,500 employees spread across

over 50 countries. The Grid

Systems Integration division,

comprises of High Voltage

Direct Current (HVDC) and

FACTS technologies but also

the AC Sub-Stations business

as well as the associated

Service activities. The team

designs and integrates

transmission solutions that

help meet the world’s ever

evolving power needs. The AC

Systems team delivers up to

800 kV large turnkey projects

and multi-sites projects

including systems engineering,

civil works, erection, and

commissioning. Prior to joining

GE’s Grid Solutions in 2012,

he has held several leadership

positions within this business

including Grid Integration

Operations Leader, AC Systems

Operations Leader for Europe,

Russia, and CIS, Site Director

at AC Systems’ St. Priest

site in France, and Leader

of the Bushing & Traction

Transformers activities in the

Power Transformers division.

Mr. Johan holds an Engineering

degree from France’s ESIGELEC.

Mr. Sushil Kumar has

rich finance experience

of 23 years working

with organizations

like GE, Alstom, Areva

and Schneider. He has

been working with the

Company for the past

13 years and has held

responsibilities in various

finance domains including

strategy, commercial

finance, treasury, turn-

key business, strategy

and business Planning.

He has led integration

efforts and drove various

finance initiatives in the

Company. He started his

career as Audit Manager

in M/s A. F. Ferguson &

Co. where he spent three

years before moving to

the power industry. He is

a Chartered Accountant

and an alumnus of the Shri

Ram College of Commerce,

University of Delhi.

Mr. Sandeep Zanzaria has

extensive experience of over

33 years in Transmission

and Distribution Sector in

India. Prior to taking this role,

he was Strategy & Growth

Officer for GE Grid Solutions

Business for Asia Pacific.

Subsequent to taking over

the MD & CEO Role, he is

continuing the additional

responsibility for Asia Pacific

Strategy & Growth. He started

his career with BHEL in

1990 as Graduate Engineer

Trainee. He joined ALSTOM

T&D in 2004 and worked in

various roles of Commercial

and Unit: Managing Director

of the Project Business. In

2015 he joined Schneider

Electric India as Vice President

Projects for South Asia. In

2017 he joined GE T&D India

Ltd and was responsible

for driving the commercial

Strategy for Grid Solutions

Business for South Asia. Mr

Sandeep Zanzaria is alumnus

of Maulana Azad College of

Technology Bhopal (Earlier

REC and now NIT) from where

he graduated in Electrical

Engineering in 1989. He has

attended Senior Leadership

Development Programs at ISB

Hyderabad, GE MDC Program

at Crotonville in USA. He is an

elected member of National

Executive Council of IEEMA

(Indian Electrical & Electronics

Manufacturers’ Association)

since August 2021.

Professor Kirit Parikh former

Member of India’s Planning

Commission with a status of

Minister of State, is

Managing Director

& CEO of JSW Energy Ltd from

2012 to 2017. During this

tenure, he was instrumental

in the acquisition of two

hydroelectric power projects

- Baspa II and Karcham

Wangtoo, which marked JSW

Energy’s foray in the hydro

power generation sector.

Under his stewardship, JSW

Energy grew from strength

to strength with installed

capacity increasing almost two

folds and profitability growing

more than eight times. He has

received various accolades as

a CEO in the Power industry

including recognition as the

“Best CEO (Power)” & “Power

& Energy Persona of the year”.

He has also been an executive

Director with several JSW

Energy companies before he

demitted office in 2017. He is

an alumnus of Shri Ram College

of Commerce, Delhi and holds

a management degree from

the University of Delhi.

Ms. Anupriya Garg is the

member of the Institute

of Company Secretaries

of India. She also holds an

LLM degree and a Master’s

in International Business.

She has more than 18 years

of working experience in

Legal and Corporate Laws,

Litigation Management,

Contract Management,

Compliances, Mergers &

Acquisitions, Arbitration,

Risks, Dispute Resolutions,

Ethics & Integrity, Corporate

Governance, Anti Bribery &

Anti-Trust laws, Insolvency

Code, IPR Management, SEBI

and FDI, FCPA, POSH etc.

She has worked in various

organisations in Legal

and Secretarial Functions

including Panasonic, Pearlpet,

Amtek Auto, Federal Mogul

Goetze India Limited etc. Her

last assignment was as Head

Legal and Company Secretary

in Transrail Lighting Limited,

Mumbai. Prior to that she

was associated as Head legal

and Company Secretary in

Noida Metro Rail Corporation

Limited.

03

GE T&D India Limited

Annual Report

2022-23:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer from the close of

business hours of December 31, 2022.

•

Board on the recommendation of Nomination & Remuneration

Committee had appointed Mr. Sandeep Zanzaria as Managing

Director & Chief Executive Officer of the Company w.e.f April 17,

2023 and his appointment was duly approved by shareholders

of the Company vide Postal Ballot notice dated April 17, 2023

and result of which was declared on June 5, 2023.

In terms of section 152 of the Companies Act, 2013 Articles of

Association of the Company, Mr. Sushil Kumar, Director of the

Company retires by rotation at the ensuing AGM and, being eligible,

offers himself for re-appointment.

KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL

As on March 31, 2023, the following are the Key Managerial

Personnels of the Company in terms of the Companies Act, 2013, read

with the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial

Personnel) Rules, 2014:

Name

Designation

Mr. Sushil Kumar

Whole-time Director & Chief Financial Officer

Ms. Anupriya Garg1

Company Secretary & Compliance Officer

1 Appointed as Company Secretary & Compliance Officer w.e.f January 23, 2023

Directors’

Report

Annual Report

2022-23

GE T&D India Limited

18:

Managing Director & Chief

Executive Officer w.e.f. close of business hours of December 31,

2022; and

4.

Mr. Sandeep Zanzaria was appointed as: Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer w.e.f April 17, 2023 whose appointment

was approved by the Shareholders by way of Postal Ballot notice

dated April 17, 2023;

MANAGERIAL REMUNERATION

Remuneration paid to Executive Directors has been detailed under

Corporate Governance Report which was as per the approval of

shareholders.

Further, as per the approval by the shareholders of the Company at the

66th Annual General Meeting held on August 10, 2022, remuneration

by way of commission for an amount of H 1,150,000/- (Rupees One

million one hundred fifty thousand only) was paid to each of the

independent directors, namely Dr. Kirit S Parikh, Mr. Rakesh Nath, Ms.

Neera Saggi and Mr. Sanjay Sagar, for the financial year ended March

31, 2023.

DECLARATION BY INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS

All the independent directors of your Company have made a

declaration to the Company that they meet all the criteria of

independence laid down under section 149(6) of Companies Act,

2013 and regulation 16(1)(b) of Securities and Exchange Board of

India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015.

FAMILIARISATION

PROGRAMME

FOR

INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS

As part of its ‘Familiarisation Programme for Independent Directors’,

your Company familiarises independent directors with the Company,

their roles, rights, responsibilities in the Company, nature of the

industry in which the Company operates, business model of the

Company, etc. Your Company aims to provide its Independent

Directors, insight into the Company enabling them to contribute

effectively.

The details of familiarization programmes may be accessed under the

Corporate Governance section of the website: http://www.ge.com/

in/ge-td-india-limited. At regular intervals, Independent Directors

were apprised on an ongoing basis in the various Board/ Committee

meetings on macro-economic environment, industry developments,

regulatory updates, business overview, operations, financial

statements, update on statutory compliances for Board members,

etc. In this respect, presentations were made to Independent

Directors by the Managing Director/ Chief Executive Officer, Whole-

time Director & Chief Financial Officer, Company Secretary and other

management personnel.

DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT

In compliance with section 134(5) of the Companies Act, 2013, the

Directors of your Company confirm that:

•

the applicable Accounting Standards have been followed in the

preparation of annual accounts and that there are no material

departures;

•

such accounting policies have been selected and applied

consistently and the judgments and estimates made are

reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of the

state of affairs of your Company as on March 31, 2023 and of the

profit /loss of your Company for the year ended on that date;

•

proper and sufficient care has been taken for the maintenance of

adequate accounting records, in accordance with the provisions

of the Companies Act, 2013, for safeguarding the assets of

your Company for preventing and detecting fraud and other

irregularities;

•

the annual accounts have been prepared on a going concern

basis;

•

the internal financial controls to be followed by the Company

have been laid down and such internal financial controls are

adequate and were operating effectively; and

•

proper system to ensure compliance with the provisions of

all applicable laws have been devised and such systems were

adequate and operating effectively.

AUDIT COMMITTEE

As on 31st March, 2023 and at the date of this report the Audit

Committee of your Company comprises of Mr. Rakesh Nath as the

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

DIN : 00684234

DIN : 08905291

Date : 26 June, 2023

Place: Noida

Place: Noida

Directors’

Report

Annual Report

2022-23

GE T&D India Limited

24:

Managing Director/Whole-time Director

The Company shall appoint/re-appoint any person as

its Executive Chairman,: Managing

managing director or the manager;

b) the Company Secretary;

c) the Whole-time director;

d) the Chief Financial Officer; and

e) Such other officer as may be prescribed under the applicable statutory provisions/regulations.

•

Remuneration to Non- Executive / Independent

Director

1.

Remuneration / Commission

The remuneration / commission shall be fixed as per

the slabs and conditions mentioned in the Articles of

Association of the Company and the Companies Act, 2013

and the rules made thereunder.

2.

Sitting Fees

The Non- Executive / Independent Director may receive

remuneration by way of sitting fees of such amount as may

be approved by the Board from time to time for attending

meetings of Board or committee thereof. Provided that the

amount of such sitting fees shall not exceed Rupees One lakh

per meeting of the Board or committee, or such amount as may

be prescribed by the Central Government from time to time.

3.

Commission

Commission may be paid within the monetary limit approved

by shareholders, subject to the limit prescribed under the

provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. The approval of

shareholders by special resolution shall be obtained every

year, in which the annual remuneration payable to a single

non-executive director exceeds fifty per cent of the total

annual remuneration payable to all non-executive directors,

giving details of the remuneration thereof.

4.

Stock Options

An Independent Director shall not be entitled to any stock

option of the Company.

GLOSSARY

Unless the context otherwise requires, words and expressions used in this policy and not defined herein but defined in the Companies Act, 2013

and rules prescribed therein, as may be amended from time to time and per the Listing Agreement with Stock Exchange(s)as may be amended

from time to time, shall have the meaning respectively assigned to them therein.

Directors’

Report

Annual Report

2022-23

GE T&D India Limited

28:

Managing Director and CEO of the Company and hence the number of Board of Directors increases to 8.

**As on 31st March 2023 there were 2 Key Managerial Persons but subsequent to the year end on 17th April 2023, Mr. Sandeep Zanzaria was

appointed as: Managing

Managing Director

9.

Does the entity have a specified Committee of the

Board/ Director responsible for decision making

on sustainability related issues? (Yes / No). If yes,

provide details.

No

GE T&D India Limited

51

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report

Annual Report

2022-23:

letter-policies/cyber-security

6.

Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway on issues relating to advertising, and delivery of essential services; cyber

security and data privacy of customers; re-occurrence of instances of product recalls; penalty / action taken by regulatory authorities on

safety of products / services.

Not Applicable

For and on behalf of the Board

Place : Noida

Mahesh Shrikrishna Palashikar

Date : June 26, 2023

Chairman

DIN: 02275903

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report

Annual Report

2022-23

GE T&D India Limited

66:

Managing Director

& CEO)

Executive

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

1

-

-

-

3

Mr. Sushil Kumar

(Whole-time Director

& CFO)

Executive

11

11

Yes

2

-

-

-

4

Mr. Johan Bindele2

Non-Executive

9

6

No

-

-

-

-

5

Dr. Kirit S. Parikh

Non-Executive

Independent

11

11

Yes

1

1

-

-

6

Mr. Rakesh Nath

Non-Executive

Independent

11

11

Yes

-

-

-

-

7

Ms. Neera Saggi

Non-Executive

Independent

11

11

Yes

5

5

-

Independent

Director:

Swaraj Engines

Limited

Honeywell

Automation India

Limited

8

Mr. Sanjay Sagar

Non-Executive

Independent

11

11

Yes

1

1

-

-

9

Mr. Pitamber

Shivnani3

Executive

9

9

Yes

-

-

-

-

10

Mr. Rajendra

Sheshadri Iyer4

Non-Executive

1

1

N.A.

-

-

-

-

D. Attendance of Directors at Board Meetings, Last Annual General Meeting and their Directorships and Committee

Positions

a.

Details of attendance of the Directors at Board Meetings, last Annual General Meeting and their directorships, committee positions

and names of the other listed companies, where such director is a Director and Category of Directorship during the financial year under

report is as follows:

*Audit Committee and the Stakeholders Relationship Committee in public limited companies whether listed or not, was considered.

1 Appointed as: Managing

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Sandeep

Zanzaria has made a declaration that members of Board of

Directors and Senior Management personnel have affirmed

compliance with the ‘Code of Conduct of Board of Directors

and Senior Management’ for the financial year ended March 31,

2023.

Your Company understands that Company’s reputation and

integrity can only be built by continuously reinforcing the value

of ethical behaviour and following procedures.

The development of the integrity culture is a key priority for the

Company. The leadership team plays a vital role in reinforcing the

importance of doing business with integrity as well as in raising

awareness about the same among employees. To foster a culture

of integrity, the Company is focusing on continuous training. The

employees are assigned e-learning modules and face-to-face

compliance training for which completion is tracked. Awareness

is also created through regular email communications, gift and

hospitality, political contributions, charitable contributions and

sponsorships, conflicts of interest, and open reporting.

Your Company has “The Spirit and The: Letter” policy which is

available at https://www.ge.com/in/ge-td-india-limited The

Spirit & The Letter must be followed by anyone who works

for or represents GE. It provides for official and mandatory

guidelines on key principles and commitment that must be met

by managers, by employees and by the Company as a whole.

During the year, online training sessions were conducted by

the compliance team covering the Spirit & Letter policies.

All employees were also assigned online training modules to

become aware of the Company policies.

VIGIL

MECHANISM

(OMBUDS

&

OPEN

REPORTING

PROCEDURE)

In accordance with Section 177 of the Companies Act, 2013 and

Regulation 22 of Listing Regulations, your Company has a vigil

mechanism “GE T&D India Limited – Vigil Mechanism (Ombuds

& Open Reporting Procedure)” which complements GE and

Grid Solutions overall Compliance program. Such procedure

is available under the corporate governance section on the

Company website and the weblink for the same is https://www.

ge.com/in/ge-td-india-limited/.

Through this procedure all stakeholders, including employees

and directors can raise a concern when seeing a situation in

which integrity principles or policies (i.e., The Spirit & The Letter)

are not being followed or do not appear of being followed.

Anyone can report concerns about any actual or potential

violation of law.

Company holds its leaders accountable for creating a

culture of compliance in which employees understand their

responsibilities and feel comfortable raising concerns without

fear of retaliation. Leaders’ responsibilities span prevention,

detection and response to compliance issuesas such employees

are encouraged to raise integrity concerns. Confidentiality is

strongly respected, but the program allows concern raiser to

remain anonymous.

If any employee faces any retaliation after reporting a concern

or due to supporting an investigation, he/she can choose to

speak or write to any of the channels made available, incl. the

Managing Director(s) and/or Wholetime Director(s) as may be

determined by the Board of Directors, the amount, proportion and manner of such payment and distribution as the Board may

decide, provided further that none of the non executive Directors shall, in any Financial Year, individually receive an aggregate

remuneration (excluding sitting fees) exceeding H 2.5 million (Rupees two million five hundred thousand only).

Board approved the payment of remuneration to each independent director amounting to H 1,150,000/- (Rupees One million one

hundred and fifty thousand only) for the FY 22-23.

The criteria for payments, including the extent, amount, proportion and manner of payment, to non-executive Directors, resident

in India, is determined by the Board having regard to the time spent by such Directors for the Company’s business.

Report on Corporate

Governance

Annual Report

2022-23

GE T&D India Limited

74:

Managing Director

& CEO

4,124,592

11,247,600

6,468,000

693,348

-

9,086,322

31,619,863

2

Mr. Sushil Kumar

Whole-time

Director & Chief

Financial Officer

3,446,328

7,539,780

3,045,000

591,266

-

1,800

14,624,174

(ii)

The fee for attending the Board meeting, Audit Committee meeting, Risk Management Committee meeting and Corporate

Social Responsibility meeting is H 1,00,000/-, H 30,000/- for attending Nomination and Remuneration Committee meeting, and H

20,000/- per meeting for other Committee meetings.

(iii) No sitting fees was paid to the non-executive Directors employed within Promoter Group for attending Board or Committee

Meetings.

B.

Executive Directors

1Mr. Pitamber Shivnani Ceased to be: Managing Director & CEO (KMP) w.e.f. close of business hours of December 31, 2022 due to his

retirement. However, salary was paid to him till 31st March 2023 (Upto 31st December 2022 in the capacity of MD& CEO and KPM and

thereafter till 31st March 2023 in the capacity of an employee). Therefore, total salary paid to Mr. Pitamber Shivnani upto 31 March,

2023 was H 43,919,863/- .

Notes:

(i)

Bonus to Executive Directors is paid in terms of the group/ Company policy and is determined based on the performance of the

Company and the Executive Directors.

(ii)

Remuneration to Executive Directors excludes expenditure for compensated leave, as the expense is booked based on actuarial

valuation done on a total Company basis.

SHAREHOLDING OF DIRECTORS

Mr. Sushil Kumar, Whole-time Director & CFO holds 5 shares

in the Company. None of the other Directors as on March 31,

2023, holds any equity shares or convertible instruments in the

Company.

CEO/ CFO Certification

In terms of Regulation 17(8) read with Part B of Schedule II of

Listing Regulations, the Managing Director & Chief Executive

Officer, Mr. Sandeep Zanzaria and the Whole-time Director

& Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Sushil Kumar have given annual

certification on financial reporting and internal controls to the

Board. The said annual certificate given by them is published in

this report.

COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

a)

Audit Committee

The Company has an adequately qualified and independent

Audit Committee. The composition of the Committee

during the financial year was as under:

Sl.

No.

Name of the

Director

Category

1

Mr. Rakesh Nath

Independent Director-

letter and spirit of the

provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and intends to be

a significant and durable contributor to CSR initiatives in

India by devising and implementing social improvement

projects.

In terms of section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 and

Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules,

2014, the Company has Corporate Social Responsibility

Committee.

GE T&D India Limited

77

Report on Corporate

Governance

Annual Report

2022-23:

Managing Director & CEO

– Member

7

Mr. Rajendra

Sheshadri Iyer4

Director – Member

1 Member of the Committee w.e.f. April 17, 2023.

2 Member of the Committee w.e.f. June 1, 2022.

3 Ceased w.e.f close of business hours of 31 December, 2022.

4 Ceased to be member of the Committee w.e.f. May 2, 2022.

During the financial year ended March 31, 2023, the

Company held two Risk Management Committee meetings

on August 22, 2022 and February 9, 2023. All the committee

members were present in the meeting. Mr. Sushil Kumar,

Whole-time Director & Chief Financial Officer is also the

Risk Management Officer of the Company.

The duties and responsibilities of the Risk Management

Committee include:

•

Formulating a detailed risk management policy which

includes:

(a) A framework for identification of internal

and external risks specifically faced by the

listed entity, in particular including financial,

operational, sectoral, sustainability, information,

cyber security risks or any other risk as may be

determined by the Committee.

(b) Measures for risk mitigation including systems

and processes for internal control of identified

risks.

(c)

Business continuity plan.

Report on Corporate

Governance

Annual Report

2022-23

GE T&D India Limited

78:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of

the Company- Special Resolution.

The Company had appointed M/s VKC & Associates,

Company Secretaries, as Scrutinizer for scrutinizing postal

ballot process. The resolutions were duly approved by the

requisite majority and results of postal ballot were declared

on 05 June, 2023 by the Company.

Disclosures

The Company has inter-alia complied with all the

mandatory requirements specified in Regulations 17 to 27

and clauses (b) to (i) of sub – regulation (2) of Regulation 46

of the Listing Regulations.

The Corporate Governance Report of the Company for the

financial year ended March 31, 2023, is in compliance with

all applicable requirements of Listing Regulations.

The status of adoption of the non-mandatory requirements

as specified in sub – regulation 1 of Regulation 27 of the

Listing Regulations are as follows:

A.

The Board

The Chairman of the Company is a Non-Executive

Director. The Chairman is not paid any compensation

for holding Chairman’s office.

B.

Shareholder Rights

The financial performance of every quarter / half-

year is disseminated to the shareholders through

Stock Exchanges, published in newspapers and also

uploaded on the Company’s website. Any other half-

Report on Corporate

Governance

Annual Report

2022-23

GE T&D India Limited

80:

Managing Director

& Chief Executive Officer. The Chairperson is a non-

executive director; and is not related to the Managing

Director & Chief Executive Officer as per the definition

of the term “relative” defined under the Companies

Act, 2013.

E.

Reporting of internal auditor

The internal auditor reports directly to the Audit

Committee

No material financial and commercial transactions

were reported by the management to the Board, in

which the management had any personal interest

that either had or could have had a conflict with

the interest of the Company at large. No penalties

or strictures have been imposed by SEBI, Stock

Exchanges or any other statutory authority on matters

relating to capital markets during the last three years.

Materially significant related party transactions:

In terms of Regulation 23 of Listing Regulations,

your Company has formulated a Related Party

Transactions Policy on dealing with Related Party

Transactions. The policy may be accessed at the web-

link https://www.ge.com/in/ge-td-india-limited/ All

related party transactions during the financial year

were on arm’s length basis and were in the ordinary

course of business. During the year under review,

your Company, with the approval of shareholders,

entered into Related Party Transactions which may

be considered material in terms of Section 188 of the

Companies Act, 2013 and Listing Regulations. The

disclosure of related party transactions as required

under Section 134(3)(h) of the Companies Act, 2013

in Form AOC -2 is provided as “Annexure C” to the

Directors’ Report. There are no materially significant

related party transactions which may have potential

conflict with the interest of the Company at large.

CODE OF CONDUCT TO REGULATE, MONITOR

AND REPORT TRADING BY INSIDERS

In view of Regulation 9 of the Securities and Exchange

Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading)

Regulations, 2015, the Company has a Code of

Conduct to Regulate, Monitor and Report Trading by

Designated Persons.

The Code lays down guidelines which advise

management and employees on handling Unpublished

Price Sensitive Information, procedures to be followed

and disclosures to be made while dealing with

Securities of the Company and cautions them of the

consequences of violations.

The code is available on the website https://www.

ge.com/in/ge-td-india-limited/.

In terms of Regulation 9(A)(4) of the Securities and

Exchange Board of India (Prevention of Insider Trading)

Regulations, 2018, as amended, the Audit Committee

reviewed that the systems for internal control are

adequate and are operating effectively for Trading

Window closures, proper maintenance of details of

designated persons, digital database, whistle blower

mechanism to report instances of leak of unpublished

price sensitive information. No instances of non-

compliances, violation of regulations, or contravention

with the Code and Regulations were reported.

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Management Discussion and Analysis report forms

part of the Directors’ Report.

MEANS OF COMMUNICATION

Financial Results

The Company intimates un-audited (quarterly) as

well as audited financial results (annual) to the Stock

Exchanges, immediately after the Board meetings at

which they are approved. The results of the Company

are also published in at least one prominent national

and one regional newspaper having wide circulation.

Normally the results are published in Mint/ Financial

Express (English) in all editions having nationwide

circulation and Jansatta (Hindi) in Delhi. The financial

results are also displayed on the website https://

www.ge.com/in/ge-td-india-limited/.

GE T&D India Limited

81

Report on Corporate

Governance

Annual Report

2022-23:

letter of

confirmation after due verification.

O. Dematerialisation of shares and liquidity

The Company’s scrip forms part of the compulsory demat

segment for all investors effective June 26, 2000. To facilitate

the investors in having an easy access to the Demat System, the

Company has signed up with both the Depositories viz. National

Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) and Central Depository

Services (India) Limited (CDSL). The connectivity has been

established through the Company’s Registrar CB Management

Services (P) Limited. As at March 31, 2023, a total of 25,448,7079

equity shares of the Company, constituting 99.39% of the paid-

up share capital, stand dematerialized.

P.

Share Capital Reconciliation Report

As stipulated by the SEBI, a qualified Practicing Company

Secretary carries out the Share Capital Audit to reconcile

the total admitted Capital with NSDL and CDSL and the total

issued and listed capital. The Audit is carried out every quarter

and the Report thereon is submitted to the Stock Exchanges

and is also placed before the Board of Directors. The Report

inter-alia confirms the total listed and paid up share capital of

the Company is in agreement with the aggregate of the total

dematerialised shares and those in the physical mode.

Q. Outstanding

GDRs/

ADRs/

Warrants

or

any

Convertible Instruments, Conversion date and likely

impact on Equity

The Company does not have any outstanding GDRs/ ADRs/

Warrants or any Convertible Instruments.

R.

Foreign Exchange Risk and Hedging Activities

The company is exposed to foreign exchange risk on account

of import & export transactions. The Company uses derivative

financial instruments, such as forward exchange contracts, to

hedge the risks associated with foreign currency fluctuations

relating to certain firm commitments and highly probable

transactions. All such transactions are carried out within the

guideline as prescribed in the Company’s risk management

policy.

S.

Commodity Price Risk

The company is exposed to commodity price risk on account of

procurement of base metals (Copper & CRGO steel) to be used

in manufacturing activities. As a part of the Company’s risk

management strategy, the customer contracts are negotiated

with price variation clause to mitigate the commodity price risk.

Details of commodities Exposure are as below:

a.

Total exposure of the listed entity to commodities : H 1,517

million

b.

Exposure of the listed entity to various commodities:

Note: Above exposure does not include copper 504MT, CARO steel 1,218 MT and Oil 2,136 KL pertaining to contracts having price

variance clause.

GE T&D India Limited

87

Report on Corporate

Governance

Annual Report

2022-23:

Letter of Credit

43,800

ICRA

[ICRA]A(Negative)/[ICRA]A1

Unallocated

20,100

ICRA

[ICRA]A(Negative)/[ICRA]A1

Total

70,000

U. Address for Correspondence/ Investor Complaints

Company

c.

Commodity risks faced by the Company during the year and how they have been managed

As a part of the Company’s risk management strategy, the customer contracts are negotiated with price variation clause to mitigate

the commodity price risk and placing firm price orders to suppliers. However, commodity price movement will impact profitability for

firm price contracts.

T.

Plant Locations

The Company has works/ manufacturing locations listed hereunder:

V.

Credit Ratings

List of all credit ratings obtained by the entity along with any revisions thereto during the relevant financial year, for all debt instruments of

such entity or any fixed deposit programme or any scheme or proposal of the listed entity involving mobilization of funds, whether in India

or abroad.

Summary of rated instruments

During the Financial year, in the month of June 2022, the Rating Committee of ICRA, has revised the long-term rating to [ICRA]A (pronounced

ICRA A) from [ICRA]A+ (pronounced ICRA A Plus) and has revised the short-term Rating to [ICRA]A1 (pronounced ICRA A One) from [ICRA]

A1+ (pronounced ICRA A One Plus). Outlook on the long-term Rating is Negative.

In January 2023, ICRA reaffirmed the long-term rating as [ICRA]A (pronounced ICRA A) and also reaffirmed the short-term rating of [ICRA]

A1 (pronounced ICRA A One) for H 70,000.0 million bank facilities of GE T&D India Limited. Outlook on the long-term Rating is Negative.

Report on Corporate

Governance

Annual Report

2022-23

GE T&D India Limited

88:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer of GE T&D India Limited, hereby declare that all the members of the Board of

Directors and the senior management personnel have affirmed compliance with the Company’s “Code of Conduct and Ethics for Directors and

Senior Management”.

Place : Noida

Sandeep Zanzaria

Date : May 23, 2023: Managing

letter dated September 28, 2022 including addendum: letter dated May 05, 2023.

2. We, Deloitte Haskins & Sells, Chartered Accountants, the Statutory Auditors of GE T&D India Limited (“the Company”), have examined the compliance

of conditions of Corporate Governance by the Company, for the year ended on March 31, 2023, as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b)

to (i) of regulation 46(2) and para C and D of Schedule V of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the Listing

Regulations).

Managements’ Responsibility

3. The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the Management. This responsibility includes the design, implementation

and maintenance of internal control and procedures to ensure the compliance with the conditions of the Corporate Governance stipulated in Listing

Regulations.

Auditor’s Responsibility

4. Our responsibility is limited to examining the procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring compliance with the

conditions of the Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial statements of the Company.

5. We have examined the books of account and other relevant records and documents maintained by the Company for the purposes of providing

reasonable assurance on the compliance with Corporate Governance requirements by the Company.

6. We have carried out an examination of the relevant records of the Company in accordance with the Guidance Note on Certification of Corporate

Governance issued by the Institute of the Chartered Accountants of India (the ICAI), the Standards on Auditing specified under Section 143(10) of

the Companies Act 2013, in so far as applicable for the purpose of this certificate and as per the Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for Special

Purposes issued by the ICAI which requires that we comply with the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.

7. We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control for Firms that Perform

Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance and Related Services Engagements.

Opinion

8. Based on our examination of the relevant records and according to the information and explanations provided to us and the representations provided

by the Management, we certify that the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27 and

clauses (b) to (i) of regulation 46(2) and para C and D of Schedule V of the Listing Regulations (as amended) during the year ended March 31, 2023.

9. We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or effectiveness with which the

Management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Deloitte Haskins & Sells

Chartered Accountants

(Firm’s Registration No. 015125N)

Vijay Agarwal

(Partner)

Place: Gurugram

(Membership No. 094468)

Date: June 26, 2023

(UDIN: 23094468BGYIOX8822)

GE T&D India Limited

91

Report on Corporate

Governance

Annual Report

2022-23

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

Membership no: 94468

DIN: 08510312

DIN: 08905291

Anupriya Garg

Place: Noida

Company Secretary

Date: 23 May 2023

Membership no: 18612:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

Membership no: 94468

DIN: 08510312

DIN: 08905291

Anupriya Garg

Place: Noida

Company Secretary

Date: 23 May 2023

Membership no: 18612

Statement of Profit and Loss

for the year ended 31 March 2023

(All figures in H million, except share data and unless otherwise stated)

Notes

For the year ended

31 March 2023

For the year ended

31 March 2022

Income

Revenue from operations

23

27,732.2

30,659.5

Other income

24

339.3

257.4

Total income

28,071.5

30,916.9

Expenses

Cost of raw material, components consumed and other project related costs

25

19,827.7

24,549.3

Changes in inventories of finished goods and work-in-progress

26

(129.6)

(807.0)

Employee benefits expense

27

3,537.9

4,097.5

Finance costs

28

420.1

386.5

Depreciation and amortization

29

553.8

578.6

Other expenses

30

3,480.3

3,908.5

Total expenses

27,690.2

32,713.4

Profit / (loss) before exceptional items and tax

381.3

(1,796.5)

Exceptional items (expenses) / income

44

(113.8)

1,101.7

Profit / (loss) before tax

267.5

(694.8)

Tax expense

6, 32

-

Current tax

-

-

-

Deferred tax (charge) / credit (net)

(90.6)

185.7

-

Tax related to earlier years

Current tax

(132.1)

(47.2)

Deferred tax (charge) / credit (net)

(59.7)

60.1

Total tax (expense) / credit

(282.4)

198.6

(Loss) for the year (A)

(14.9)

(496.2)

Other comprehensive income

Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

Remeasurements of defined benefits obligations

35

(81.4)

96.6

Income tax relating to above

20.5

(24.3)

Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax (B)

(60.9)

72.3

Total comprehensive income for the year (A)+(B)

(75.8)

(423.9)

Basic and diluted earnings per equity share

41

(0.06)

(1.94)

[Face value per share H 2 (previous year H 2) fully paid up]

Significant accounting policies

2:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

Membership no: 94468

DIN: 08510312

DIN: 08905291

Anupriya Garg

Place: Noida

Company Secretary

Date: 23 May 2023

Membership no: 18612

Year ended

31 March 2023

Year ended

31 March 2022

Net cash flow from investing activities (B)

29.7

1,158.0

Cash flow from financing activities

Proceeds from /(Repayment of) short term borrowings (net)

563.5

(578.4)

Payment for lease liabilities

(171.7)

(215.8)

Interest paid on loans

(306.2)

(230.7)

Net cash flow from/ (used in) financing activities (C)

85.6

(1,024.9)

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents (A+B+C)

(258.1)

215.2

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year

708.0

489.5

Impact of foreign exchange on cash and cash equivalents

(3.2)

3.3

Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year (Refer note 11)

446.7

708.0

Cash Flow Statement

for the year ended 31 March 2023

(All figures in H million, except share data and unless otherwise stated):

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

Membership no: 94468

DIN: 08510312

DIN: 08905291

Anupriya Garg

Place: Noida

Company Secretary

Date: 23 May 2023

Membership no: 18612:

Managing Director /

Chief Executive Officer assisted by an executive committee

from an overall business perspective, rather than reviewing

its products/services as individual standalone components.

Based on the dominant source and nature of risks and

returns of the Company, management has identified its

business segment as its primary reporting format.

2.2.18 Cash flow statement

Cash flows are reported using the indirect method, whereby

profit for the period is adjusted for the effects of transactions

of a non-cash nature, any deferrals or accruals of past or

future operating cash receipts or payments and item of

income or expenses associated with investing or financing

cash flows. The cash flows from operating, investing and

financing activities of the Company are segregated.

2.2.19 Recent pronouncements

The Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) notifies new

standard or amendments to the existing standards under

Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules as issued

from time to time. On March 31, 2023, the MCA amended

the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015

by issuing the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards)

Amendment Rules, 2023, which are applicable for annual

reporting periods beginning from April 01, 2023, as below:

a)

Ind AS 1 – Presentation of Financial Statements:

This amendment requires companies to disclose

their material accounting policies information rather

than their significant accounting policies. Accounting

policy information, together with other information,

is material when it can reasonably be expected to

influence decisions of primary users of general-

purpose financial statements. The Company does not

expect to have any significant impact in its financial

statements due to this amendment.:

Managing Director / Chief Executive

Officer assisted by an executive committee from an overall business perspective, rather than reviewing its products/services as individual

standalone components. Thus, the Company has only one operating segment, and has no reportable segments in accordance with Ind AS -

108 'Operating Segments'.

(i) The entity wide disclosures as required by Ind AS -108 are as follows:

Description

As at

31 March 2023

As at

31 March 2022

Sale of products (point in time)

8,503.0

7,943.8

Revenue from execution of contracts for projects and services (over the time)

18,016.8

21,449.3

Sale of services

970.5

1,129.9

Other operating income

241.9

136.5

Revenue from operations

27,732.2

30,659.5

Non-current assets**

As at

31 March 2023

As at

31 March 2022

India

8,713.6

8,845.5

Other countries

-

-

Revenue from external customers

As at

31 March 2023

As at

31 March 2022

India

19,288.2

22,929.0

Other countries*

8,444.0

7,730.5

27,732.2

30,659.5

(ii) Geographical information

*Exports to any single country are not material to be disclosed

None of the customer account for more than 10% of Company's total revenue from operations.

** Non-current assets exclude financial assets and deferred tax assets.

37. Share based payments

A) Employee share purchase plan (ESPP)

Under the globally designed employee share purchase plan (Plan), all the permanent employees of the Company get an opportunity to buy

a stake in the General Electric Co, USA (being the ultimate holding Company). An employee can invest upto a maximum of 25% of their

monthly salary (eligible for provident fund) in the shares of General Electric Co, USA. The Company makes a matching contribution of 15%

on every purchase made by the employee. All share are bought at market price on the transaction date. The fair value of the share granted

under the plan is determined on the basis of market value of the shares on the grant date. During the year, the following numbers of shares

were purchased at the below mentioned weighted average fair value::

Managing Director & CEO upto December 31, 2022)

Mr. Sushil Kumar (Chief Financial Officer upto December 31, 2021. Whole-time Director & CFO

w.e.f. January 1, 2022)

Mr. Johan Bindele (Non-Executive Director w.e.f 01st June, 2022)

Mr. Emanuel Esteban Nicolas Bertolini (Ceased to be Non-Executive Director w.e.f. October 1, 2021)

Mr. Gaurav Manoher Negi (ceased to be Non-executive Director w.e.f. November 1, 2021)

Mr. Rajendra Sheshadri Iyer (Non-Executive Director w.e.f. October 1, 2021. Ceased w.e.f. May 2, 2022)

Mr. Kirit S Parikh (Independent Director)

Mr. Rakesh Nath (Independent Director)

Ms. Neera Saggi (Independent Director)

Mr. Sanjay Sagar (Independent Director)

(iii) Fellow subsidiaries with whom transactions have taken place:

GE Grid Australia Pty Ltd

Australia

GE Grid Solutions Maroc

Morocco

Grid Solutions Argentina S.A.

Arjentina

Grid Solutions SAS - Nepal Branch

Nepal

Grid Solutions SAS - Bahrein Branch

Bahrain

GE Nederland BV

Netherlands

General Electric International, Inc. - Branch - BA

Bahrain

GE Digital Netherlands B.V.

Netherlands

Grid Solutions Belgium

Belgium

General Electric International (Benelux) B.V.

Netherlands

GE Digital Energy do Brasil Ltda

Brazil

General Electric International, Inc. - Branch - NL

Netherlands

GE Energias Renovaveis Ltda

Brazil

GE Energy (New Zealand) Limited

New ZeaLand

Grid Solutions Transmissao de Energia Ltda

Brazil

GE Power Norway AS

Norway

GE Multilin

Canada

GE Energy Colombia S.A. Sucursal del Peru

Peru

General Electric Canada

Canada

GE Power Sp.z.o.o.

Poland

GEPR Energy Canada Inc.

Canada

Grid Solutions Portugal, Lda.

Portugal

GE Grid (Shanghai) Co., Ltd

China

GE Industrial of PR LLC

Puerto Rico

GE High Voltage Switchgear (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.

China

Grid Solutions SAS - Qatar Branch

Qatar

GE High Voltage Equipment (Wuhan) Co., Ltd

China

Grid Solutions Romania Srl

Romania

GE (China) Co., Ltd

China

Joint Stock Company Grid Rus

Russia

GE Energy Colombia S.A.

Colombia

General Electric International, Inc. - Branch SA

Saudi Arabia

Grid Solutions for Electrical Networks S.A.E.

Egypt

Cogelex

Saudi Arabia

Grid Solutions Oy

Finland

Grid Solutions Arabia Ltd Co

Saudi Arabia

GE Steam Power Electronics France

France

GE Grid Solutions Pte. Ltd

Singapore:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

Membership no: 94468

DIN: 08510312

DIN: 08905291

Anupriya Garg

Place: Noida

Company Secretary

Date: 23 May 2023

Membership no: 18612:

