Managing Director, Whole Time Director and Manager in respect of any ﬁ nancial

year shall not exceed eleven percent of the net proﬁ ts of the company for that ﬁ nancial year computed in the manner laid

down in Section 198 of the Act.

FURTHER RESOLVED THAT the Board may, at its discretion, decide on the amount to be paid to any particular Director in

any ﬁ nancial year.

5.

To appoint Mr. Sridhar Srinivasan (DIN: 07240718) as a Director and an Independent Director and in this regard to

consider and if thought ﬁ t, to pass the following resolution as a Special Resolution:

RESOLVED THAT Mr. Sridhar Srinivasan (DIN: 07240718), who was appointed as an Additional Director pursuant to the

provisions of Section 161(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and the Articles of Association of the Company with

effect from 30th May, 2023 and in the respect of whom the company has received a notice in writing under Section 160 of

the Act from a member proposing her candidature for the ofﬁ ce of Director, be and is hereby appointed a Director of the

Company.

RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 149 and 152 read with Schedule IV and all other applicable

provisions of the Act and the Companies (Appointment and Qualiﬁ cation of Directors) Rules 2014 (including any statutory

modiﬁ cation(s) or re-enactment(s)thereof for the time being in force) and Regulation 17 of SEBI(Listing Obligations &

Disclosures Requirements) Regulations 2015, Mr. Sridhar Srinivasan (DIN: 07240718), who has submitted a declaration

that he meets the criteria for independence as provided in Section 149 (6) of the Act and Regulation 16 (1)(b) (ii) to (viii) of

SEBI(Listing Obligations & Disclosures Requirements) Regulations 2015, and who is eligible for appointment, be and is

hereby appointed as an Independent Director of the Company, not liable to retire by rotation to hold ofﬁ ce for a term of 5

(ﬁ ve) consecutive years from 30.05.2023 up to 29.05.2028.

6.

To consider and if thought ﬁ t, to pass with or without modiﬁ cation(s), the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution.

RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 148 (3) and other applicable provisions, if any of the Companies Act,

2013 and Companies (Audit & Auditors) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory modiﬁ cation(s)/or re-enactment(s) thereof for

the time being in force) the remuneration payable to the Cost Auditors of the various divisions/plants of the Company to

GRAPHITE INDIA LIMITED

Regd. Off: 31, Chowringhee Road, Kolkata 700 016

CIN: L10101WB1974PLC094602 Website: www.graphiteindia.com

Graphite India Limited:

letter).

¾

Click “conﬁ rm” (Your password is now generated).

3.

Click on ‘Login’ under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab.

4.

Enter your User ID, Password and Image Veriﬁ cation (CAPTCHA) Code and click on ‘Submit’.

Cast your vote electronically:

1.

After successful login, you will be able to see the notiﬁ cation for e-voting. Select ‘View’ icon.

2.

E-voting page will appear.

3.

Refer the Resolution description and cast your vote by selecting your desired option ‘Favour / Against’ (If you wish

to view the entire Resolution details, click on the ‘View Resolution’ ﬁ le link).

4.

After selecting the desired option i.e. Favour / Against, click on ‘Submit’. A conﬁ rmation box will be displayed. If you

wish to conﬁ rm your vote, click on ‘Yes’, else to change your vote, click on ‘No’ and accordingly modify your vote.

Guidelines for Institutional shareholders:

Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than Individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) and Custodians are required to log on the e-voting

system of LIIPL at https://instavote.linkintime.co.in and register themselves as ‘Custodian / Mutual Fund / Corporate

Notice:

letter/power

of attorney etc. together with attested specimen signature of the duly authorised representative(s) in PDF format in the

‘Custodian / Mutual Fund / Corporate Body’ login for the Scrutinizer to verify the same.

Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in physical mode/ Institutional shareholders:

Shareholders facing any technical issue in login may contact Link Intime INSTAVOTE helpdesk by sending a request at

enotices@linkintime.co.in or contact Mr. Rajiv Ranjan Assistant Vice President – Evoting contact number 22 49186060

Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode:

Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode may contact the respective helpdesk for any technical issues

related to login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL.

Login type

Helpdesk details

Individual Shareholders holding

securities in demat mode with NSDL

Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk by

sending a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at toll free no.: 022-4886 7000

and 022-2499 7000

Individual Shareholders holding

securities in demat mode with CDSL

Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk by

sending a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free

no. : 1800 22 5533.

Individual Shareholders holding securities in Physical mode has forgotten the password:

If an Individual Shareholders holding securities in Physical mode has forgotten the USER ID [Login ID] or Password

or both then the shareholder can use the “Forgot Password” option available on the e-Voting website of Link Intime:

https://instavote.linkintime.co.in

z

Click on ‘Login’ under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab and further Click ‘forgot password?’

z

Enter User ID, select Mode and Enter Image Veriﬁ cation code (CAPTCHA). Click on “SUBMIT”.

In case shareholders is having valid email address, Password will be sent to his / her registered e-mail address.

Shareholders can set the password of his/her choice by providing the information about the particulars of the Security

Question and Answer, PAN, DOB/DOI, Bank Account Number (last four digits) etc. as mentioned above. The password

should contain minimum 8 characters, at least one special character (@!#$&*), at least one numeral, at least one alphabet

and at least one capital: letter.

User ID for Shareholders holding shares in Physical Form (i.e. Share Certiﬁ cate): Your User ID is Event No + Folio Number

registered with the Company

Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode with NSDL/ CDSL has forgotten the password:

Shareholders who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget Password option

available at abovementioned depository/ depository participants website.

¾

It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep your

password conﬁ dential.

¾

For shareholders/ members holding shares in physical form, the details can be used only for voting on the

resolutions contained in this Notice.

¾

During the voting period, shareholders/ members can login any number of time till they have voted on the

resolution(s) for a particular “Event”.

VIII PROCESS AND MANNER FOR ATTENDING THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING THROUGH INSTAMEET:

Open the internet browser and launch the URL: https://instameet.linkintime.co.in

h Select the “Company” and ‘Event Date’ and register with your following details:-

A.

Demat Account No. or Folio No: Enter your 16 digit Demat Account No. or Folio No

• Shareholders/ members holding shares in CDSL demat account shall provide 16 Digit Beneﬁ ciary ID

• Shareholders/ members holding shares in NSDL demat account shall provide 8 Character DP ID followed

by 8 Digit Client ID

• Shareholders/ members holding shares in physical form shall provide Folio Number registered with the

Company

Graphite India Limited

managing director nor the whole-time director, as the Board may in its discretion decide for a period of ﬁ ve ﬁ nancial years

commencing from 1st April 2018, but within the overall ceiling of eleven percent to all directors (including whole-time directors),

subject to approvals wherever necessary. The said period of ﬁ ve ﬁ nancial years has ended on 31st March, 2023.

It is therefore proposed that the Board be authorised to pay commission exceeding one percent of the net proﬁ ts of the Company

as prescribed in Section 197 (1) of the Act but within the overall ceiling of 11% to all directors (including whole-time directors)

in such proportion and to such one or more directors who are neither the: managing director nor the whole-time director, as the

Board may at its discretion decide, for a period of ﬁ ve ﬁ nancial years, commencing from 1st April 2023.

Approval from members is accordingly sought by way of Special Resolution as set out in item no. 4.

A copy of the Articles of Association of the Company is available for inspection at its Registered Ofﬁ ce between 10.00 a.m. and

2.00 p.m. on any working day of the Company till the date of this Annual General Meeting.

All the directors (except Executive

letter of appointment of Mr. Sridhar Srinivasan as an Independent Director setting out the terms and conditions is

available for inspection without any fee by the members at the Company’s registered ofﬁ ce during the normal business hours.

The: letter is also posted on the website of the company under “Investor Relation” section.

The Board recommends the resolution set forth in the notice (Item No 5) for approval by the members by way of Special resolution.

Except Mr. Sridhar Srinivasan the appointee, none of the Directors / Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their relatives

are directly or indirectly concerned or interested in the resolution.

ITEM No. 6

Upon the recommendation of Audit Committee, the Board of Directors of the Company approved appointment of the Cost

Auditors for the various divisions/ plants of the Company on remuneration as detailed in the resolution. Ratiﬁ cation is sought

from the members of the Company for payment of remuneration as approved by the Board and detailed in the resolution,

pursuant to Rule 14 (a) (ii) of Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014.

None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their relatives are concerned or interested ﬁ nancially or

otherwise, in the resolution. The ordinary resolution is accordingly recommended for approval of the members.

ITEM No. 7

In order to arrange funds for capital expenditure / long term / short term working capital, organic and inorganic growth

opportunities / general corporate purposes, the Board could consider issue of secured / unsecured, redeemable, cumulative/

non-cumulative / non-convertible debentures / bonds up to Rs. 5000 crore (Rupees Five Thousand crore) or equivalent in one

or more tranches / series, through private placement in domestic or in international markets i.e. in Indian rupees and / or in

foreign currency.

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 42 of Companies Act, 2013 read with Rules 14(2) (a) of Companies (Prospectus & Allotment

of Securities) Rules, 2014, members approval by way of a special resolution would be sufﬁ cient for all offers or invitation for such

debentures for a year. The resolution placed before the members is thus an enabling resolution giving authority to the Board of

Directors / Committee thereof to decide upon the issue on such terms and conditions as may be prevalent from time to time for

a year from the date of passing this resolution.

None of the Directors / Key Managerial Personnel of the Company / their relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested,

ﬁ nancially or otherwise, in the resolution. The special resolution is accordingly recommended for approval of the members.

Details relating to Directors proposed to be re-appointed/appointed

1.

Mr. A V Lodha, (DIN: 00036158), aged 57 years is a qualiﬁ ed Chartered Accountant and had served as the Country

Managing Partner of Lodha & Co, one of India’s leading Accounting and Advisory Firms. He has over 34 years of experience

in providing advisory services to a diverse client base across a wide spectrum of industries. He has handled various

consultancy assignments in ﬁ elds of corporate restructuring, mergers & acquisitions, joint ventures, collaborations,

business strategy etc. He has also assisted large Indian corporates to raise resources from the overseas capital markets. Mr

Lodha served as the President of the Indian Chamber of Commerce (ICC), Kolkata twice i.e. in 1998-99 and in 2001-02 in

its 75th year (Platinum Jubilee Year) as well as the

Managing Director or the Manager;

(ii)

the Whole-time Director;

(iii)

the Chief Financial Ofﬁcer;

(iv)

the Company Secretary; and

(v)

such other ofﬁcer as may be prescribed under the applicable law.

Criteria for identifying persons who are qualiﬁed to be appointed as a Director of the Company :

Section 164 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) provides for the disqualiﬁcations for appointment of any person to become

Director of any company. Any person who in the opinion of the Board of Directors (“Board”) is not disqualiﬁed to become a

Director, and in the opinion of the Board, possesses the ability, integrity and relevant expertise and experience, can be appointed

as Director of the Company.

Independent Directors :

For appointing any person as an Independent Director he/she should possess qualiﬁcations as mentioned in (A) the Act and

the Rules made thereunder (including but not limited to Section 149 of the Act and Rule 5 of The Companies (Appointment and

qualiﬁcation of Directors) Rules, 2014); and (B) LODR.

Appointment criteria and qualiﬁcations :

The Nomination & Remuneration Committee (Committee) shall identify and ascertain the integrity, qualiﬁcation, expertise and

experience of the person for appointment as Director (including Independent Directors), or KMP and recommend to the Board

his / her appointment.

Such person should possess adequate qualiﬁcation, expertise and experience for the position he / she is considered for

appointment. The Committee has discretion to decide whether qualiﬁcation, expertise and experience possessed by a person is

sufﬁcient/ satisfactory for the concerned position.

Evaluation of Directors :

In terms of Section 149 of the Act read with Schedule IV of the said Act the Independent Directors shall at its separate meeting

review the performance of non- independent Directors based on the parameters that are considered relevant by the Independent

Directors.

The Board as a whole shall evaluate the performance of Independent Directors. During such evaluation the Director being

evaluated shall be excluded from the meeting.

Evaluation of SMP and KMP

Criteria for evaluating performance of SMP and KMP (other than Directors) shall be as per the internal guidelines of the Company

on performance management and development.

Criteria for evaluating performance of Other Employees

The human resources department of the Company shall evaluate the performance of Other Employees. In this regard, the human

resources department shall decide upon the criteria for evaluating performance of Other Employees.

Annexure 2:

Managing Director / Whole-time Director and remuneration of SMP and

KMP will be determined by the Committee and recommended to the Board for approval. Commission to other Directors (including

Independent directors) shall be subject to the approval of the shareholders of the Company and Central Government, wherever

required.

The Remuneration and commission to Directors shall be as per the statutory provisions of the Act and the rules made thereunder

for the time being in force.

Increments to the existing remuneration/ compensation structure payable to Whole-time Directors, SMP and KMP would be

recommended by the Committee to the Board.

Sitting Fees :

The Non-Executive / Independent Director may receive remuneration by way of fees for attending meetings of Board or its

committee within limits prescribed by the Central Govt.

Remuneration to Other Employees :

The human resources department of the Company will determine from time to time the remuneration payable to Other Employees.

The powers of the Committee in this regard have been delegated to the human resources department of the Company.

BOARD DIVERSITY

With a view to achieving a sustainable and balanced development, the Company sees increasing diversity at the Board level as

an essential element in supporting the attainment of its strategic objectives and its sustainable development. The Company

while appointing may consider the following criteria; i.e. appoint those persons who possess relevant experience, integrity,

understanding, knowledge or other skill sets that may be considered by the Board as relevant in its absolute discretion, for the

business of the Company etc.

The Board shall have the optimum combination of Directors of different genders, from different areas, ﬁelds, backgrounds and

skill sets as may be deemed absolutely necessary.

The Board shall have members who have accounting or related ﬁnancial management expertise and are ﬁnancially literate.

Annexure 3

PARTICULARS OF LOANS, GUARANTEES OR INVESTMENTS UNDER SECTION 186 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013

Name of the Entity

Nature of Relationship

Amount

(Rs. in Crores)

Particulars of Loans, Guarantees and

Investments

Graphite International B.V. (GIBV) Wholly-owned Subsidiary

115.88 Fully Paid-up Shares.

Carbon Finance Limited

Wholly-owned Subsidiary

30.04 Fully Paid-up Equity Shares

Sai Wardha Power Limited

(Formerly Wardha Power

Company Limited)

No Relationship

2.48 Fully Paid-up Class A Equity Shares

Sai Wardha Power Limited

(Formerly Wardha Power

Company Limited)

No Relationship

3.12 Fully Paid-up 0.01% Class A

Redeemable Preference Shares:

letter dated 10th January, 2023 (a) Reafﬁ rmed the long term rating on credit limit of 1,400 Crore for

working capital facilities of the Company at [ICRA] AA+ (pronounced ICRA double A plus). The Outlook on the long term rating

has been retained as Stable (b) Reafﬁ rmed short term rating at [ICRA] A1+ (pronounced ICRA A one plus) for Rs 300 Crore

Commercial Paper programme of the Company.

Annexure to the Directors’ Report:

Managing Director

AMJ Land Holdings Limited

Independent Non-Executive Director

Pudumjee Paper Products Limited

Independent Non-Executive Director

5.

Nayakankuppam Venkataramani

NIL

N.A

6.

Gaurav Swarup

Avadh Sugar & Energy Limited

Independent Non-Executive Director

Swadeshi Polytex Ltd

Non-Independent Non-Executive Director

KSB Limited

Non-Independent Non-Executive Director

Industrial And Prudential Investment

Company Limited: Managing

letter.

MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY

1.

Maintenance of Secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express

an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITY

2.

We have followed the audit practices and process as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness

of the contents of the Secretarial records. The veriﬁ cation was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reﬂ ected

in Secretarial records. We believe that the process and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not veriﬁ ed the correctness and appropriateness of ﬁ nancial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4.

Where ever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the Compliance of laws, rules and regulations

and happening of events etc.

DISCLAIMER

5.

The Compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards are the responsibility

of management. Our examination was limited to the veriﬁ cation of procedure on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efﬁ cacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Bajaj Todi & Associates

Sd/- Swati Bajaj

(Swati Bajaj)

Partner

C.P.No.: 3502, ACS:13216

Place : Kolkata

UDIN: A013216E000263785

Date : 06/05/2023

Annexure to the Directors’ Report:

