Dear Shareholders,

The year gone by saw a rebound in

the economy and India particularly

saw a better economic sentiment.

Employment saw higher levels and the

various measures by the government

has accelerated the formalization of

the Indian workforce. The tech sector,

however, saw some headwinds and

startup in particular found difficulties

due to the funding winter that has set in.

These trends here resulted in increasing

our workforce from 4,37,000 to 5,11,000

by the end of the year, making Quess a

leading domestic employer.

During the last financial year, we created

a new segment called ‘Product Led

Business’ which includes foundit, QJobs

and Qdigi. Previously, their financial

performance was reported under Global

Technology Solutions (GTS). This was

done to clearly demarcate mature cash

generating businesses and those in their

investment phase. The Canadian staffing

business, previously reported under GTS

was re-segmented to club all overseas

Annual Report 2022-23 13

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Reports

1-33

34-118

119-275:

Dear Stakeholders,

Financial year 2022-23 was a great year

for our business. Quess Corp crossed

the milestone of 500k headcount, ending

the year at 511k. It was the second

consecutive financial year that Quess

added 70k+ headcount. The addition was

driven due to our strong sourcing which

has started yielding results due to our

past investments in building capabilities

across various verticals. With formalized

workforce still at only 15% of total

workforce, we foresee a long runway with

many such years of growth.

Last year, we witnessed rapid growth in

the first half followed by cautious hiring in

IT, Telecom and logistics segments in the

second half. Despite the slowdown in the

latter half, we achieved 25% YoY revenue

growth with all the verticals growing over

20%, highlighting the all-weather nature

of our platforms.

In line with our stated objectives, our

focus in FY23 continued to be on:

1)

Divestment of non-core assets:

We completed the divestment of

Simpliance at an enterprise value of

INR 1.2 billion. The carrying value of

53% stake in Simpliance was at Rs.

45 million and the sale has resulted

in aggregate gain of Rs. 535.03

million. This transaction validates

our ability to nurture and turnaround

a technology business.

2)

Growth of Product Led Business:

We invested INR 950 million

towards the growth of Product Led

Business (PLB). While that did not

affect our cash flow as much of the

capital was externally raised, it did

impact the bottom line. As a result,

our consolidated EBITDA and PAT

declined by 6% and 11%, respectively

for FY23. However, excluding PLB,

our consolidated EBITDA and

PAT increased by 7% and 28%,

respectively.

3)

SG&A cost rationalization:

Efficiency improvement through

technology has been an area of

focus across all our platforms. The

core to associate ratio in workforce

16 QUESS CORP LIMITED:

Dear Stakeholders,

It is with great pleasure and honour as

the Chief Financial Officer that I present

to you the annual report covering

financial performance, achievements,

and outlook of the company for the

financial year 2022-2023.

Over the past year, we have sailed

through a dynamic and challenging

business environment, our diverse

portfolios ensured that overall growth

remains steady despite shifting market

conditions and uncertainties, I am

proud to say that the company has

demonstrated across all platforms

a strong resilience, adaptability, and

unwavering commitment to our strategic

goals.

I would want to take a moment to

acknowledge and express our sincere

appreciation for the incredible efforts

and dedication demonstrated by our

exceptional team of employees. Their

commitment to our core values and

shared vision has been unwavering, and

I express my gratitude to each and every

member of our team.

We remain committed to maintaining a

strong financial position, managing risks

effectively, and capitalizing on emerging

trends. Our strategic focus on customer-

centricity, digital transformation, and

operational excellence will guide our

actions as we seek to deliver sustainable

growth and create value for all our

stakeholders.

Our revenues have witnessed robust

growth, reflecting strength of our

services and the dedication of our teams.

Our diligent focus on cost management

and operational efficiency has contributed

to keep a check on our cost to serve

thereby increasing our profitability and

enhancing shareholder value.

We have continued to invest in our

product led markets business as it

sustains its growth trajectory. We

are confident that over a long term it

will generate significant value for our

shareholders.

18 QUESS CORP LIMITED:

Managing Director at Hamblin

Watsa Investment Counsel. He has

leadership experience in handling

financial management of various

markets around the world, with an

understanding of diverse business

environments, economic conditions,

cultures, and regulatory frameworks,

and a broad perspective on global market

opportunities.

Career:

Chandran holds a Bachelor’s degree in

Civil Engineering from IIT Madras and

an MBA from the Rotman School of

Management, University of Toronto. He is

the Chief Executive Officer and Director

of Fairfax India Holdings, a company

listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange

and is also a: Managing

Managing Director of Tishman

Speyer India and currently serves on the

Board of leading listed companies. She

has held senior management positions

in global corporations such as Syntel,

Microland and Tyco Electronics. Further,

she also serves as a member of Risk

Management Committee of ADC India

Communications Limited and Barbeque -

Nation Hospitality Limited.

Achievement:

She was awarded the ‘Faculty medal

for Best Performance’ – Habitat &

Environmental Studies. She has a

successful leadership experience of

over three decades spanning variety of

industries – Private Equity, Software

& IT enabled services, Manufacturing,

Infrastructure & Real estate, etc. in

Senior Management positions handling

wide variety of portfolios, namely Capital

Raising, Business Development, Finance,

Commercial and other strategic general

management functions. In 2011, she was

nominated by CII as one of the top women

achievers in Business in South India and

in 2005, she was named as one of the 10

most powerful women in the Indian IT

industry by Dataquest.

Details of other Directorship:

AstraZeneca Pharma India Limited,

ADC India Communications Limited,

Athena Infonomics India Private Limited,

Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited,

Khemeia Technologies Private Limited,

Sanjay Anandaram

Non-Executive Independent Director

Appointed to the Board:

(December 22, 2015)

Area of Expertise

Corporate strategy and capital allocation,

Corporate and Board Governance,

Global Business Management,

Services Business Management,

Financial and Risk Management, digital

public platforms, Technology-led

transformation and innovation.

Skills and Experiences:

Sanjay has spent over 30 years as a

corporate executive, investor, early

stage venture capitalist, teacher and

advisor to funds and entrepreneurs.

He has significant experience in M&As

and funding start-ups. Sanjay has

written extensively in online and offline

publications including The Wall Street

Journal and The Financial Express.

He often shares his knowledge with

students and corporate executives from

various countries on innovation and

entrepreneurship and has been a visiting

faculty at Singapore campus of France’s

INSEAD business school. He is a mentor

and board member of Sattva, a leading

impact consulting firm including ESG.

Career:

He holds a Bachelor degree in Electrical

Engineering from Kolkata’s Jadavpur

University and a Post Graduate Diploma

in Management from the Indian Institute

of Management, Bengaluru. He is a

co-founder of NICE (Network of Indian

Cultural Enterprises), a non-profit

company, that seeks to create Indian

In the Governance Committees of:

AC

NRC

SRC

RMC

In the Governance Committees of:

AC

NRC

CSR

SRC

RMC

Board Committee Membership Indicators

Audit Committee

AC

Risk Management Committee

RMC

Nomination & Remuneration Committee

NRC

Chairman of the Committee

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

CSR

Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee

SRC

soft power through entrepreneurial

ventures based on indigenous Indian

practices and knowhow. In 2016, he

authored “Startup Mantras” a collection

of 100 distilled insights for entrepreneurs

and managers. He co-founded Neta,

a Silicon Valley VC backed software

company, that became a part of Infoseek/

Disney. He was a founding partner of

JumpStart-Up, a US$ 45 million early-

stage US-India cross border VC fund

that invested in technology businesses.

Early in his career, he spent several

years with Wipro in India and overseas

where he established several new

business initiatives for the company.

He is an Executive Board Member of

Modular Open Source Identity Platform.

He is a Governing body member of

TiE Bengaluru and leads the digital

diplomacy initiative at ISPIRT, a not-

for profit technology think-tank, and is

associated with several venture funds

and innovative companies. Further,

he also serves as a member of Risk

Management Committee of Allsec

Technologies Limited.

Details of Other Directorship:

Allsec Technologies Limited, Conneqt

Business Solutions Limited, Network

of Indian Cultural Enterprise, Syzygy

Consultants Private Limited and Sattva

Media and Consulting Private Limited.

Nationality: Indian

Microland Limited, Manipalcigna Health

Insurance Company Limited, Shell MRPL

Aviation Fuels and Services Limited,

Sansera Engineering Limited, Welspun

Corp Limited and Welspun Metallics

Limited.

Nationality: Indian

Annual Report 2022-23 33

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Reports

1-33

34-118

119-275:

letter and spirit and

a reflection of our value system including our culture,

policies, and relationships with our stakeholders. Integrity

and transparency are the major keys to our corporate

governance practices to ensure that we concur and continue

the trust of our stakeholders at all times. Corporate

governance is about maximizing shareholder value legally,

ethically and sustainably continuously. At Quess, the Board

of Directors exercise their fiduciary responsibilities in the

widest sense of the term. We also endeavor to enhance

long-term shareholder value and respect minority rights in

all our business decisions.

A detailed report on Corporate Governance, pursuant to

Regulation 34 of the Listing Regulations, forms an integral

part of this Report. A certificate from Mr. S. N. Mishra,

Practicing Company Secretary, Bengaluru, confirming

compliance to conditions of Corporate Governance, as

stipulated under the Listing Regulations, is annexed to the

Corporate Governance Report.

24. Vigil Mechanism/ Whistle Blower Policy:

In compliance with Section 177(9) of the Act and Regulation

22 of Listing Regulations, the Company has a Whistle Blower

Policy and has established the necessary vigil mechanism

for Directors and employees in confirmation with the

above laws, to report concerns about unethical behaviour,

violations of system, actual or suspected fraud or grave

misconduct by the employees. The details of the Policy have

been disclosed in the Corporate Governance Report, which

forms part of this report and is also available on the website

of the Company - https://www.quesscorp.com/investor/

dist/ images/pdf/Governance/Whistle-BlowerPolicy.pdf

25. Conservation of Energy, Technology Absorption, Foreign

Exchange Earnings and Outgo:

The Company being in the service industry requires minimal

energy consumption and every endeavor is made to ensure

optimal use of energy, avoid wastages and conserve energy

as far as possible.

The Company is a pioneer in workforce management,

technology and has used information technology extensively

in its operations. The Company has an in house information

technology team which constantly works on the adoption

and implementation of new technology into the businesses

of the Company.

The details of Foreign exchange earnings and outgo are

given below:

•

Expenditure in foreign currency: ` 13.56 million

•

Earnings in foreign currency: ` 161.99 million

26. Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”):

The Company believes in building and maintaining a

sustainable societal value, inspired by a noteworthy vision to

actively participate, contribute and impact not just individual

lives but create a difference on a social level as well. CSR

initiatives are primarily carried out through the Care Works

Foundation (CWF), a non-profit initiative established in

January 2014. The Company has filed Form CSR-2 for the

financial year 2021-22 and will be filing the aforesaid form

for FY23 along with Form AOC-1, as prescribed under the

provisions of the law.

The consolidated contribution of the Company towards

various CSR activities during the financial year 2022-23 is

` 31 million. CSR spending is guided by the vision of creating

long-term benefits for Society.

In compliance with Section 135 of the Act read with the

Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules

2014, the Company has established the CSR Committee.

The Board has adopted the CSR Policy, as formulated and

recommended by the CSR Committee, which was amended

by the Board of Directors at their meeting held on 26 May,

2022 to align the same with statutory amendment.and

is available on the Company’s website at – https://www.

quesscorp.com/investor/dist/images/pdf/Policies/CSR-

Policy.pdf

The disclosure of contents of CSR policy pursuant to the

provisions of Section 134(3)(o) of Act and Rule 9 of the

Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility) Rules, 2014 is

annexed herewith as ‘Annexure – G’ to the Board’s Report.

27. Deposits:

During the year under review, the Company has neither

invited nor accepted deposits from the public/members

under Section 73 of the Act, read with the Companies

(Acceptance of Deposits) Rules, 2014 and no amount on

account of principal or interest on deposits from public

were outstanding as on the date of the balance sheet.

28. Details of significant and material orders passed by the

Regulators/Courts/Tribunals:

There was no instance of any significant and material orders

passed by the Regulators, Courts or Tribunals that would

impact the going concern status and Company’s operations

in the future.

29. Debentures:

As on 31 March, 2023, the Company does not have any

debentures.

30. Credit Rating:

In order to comply with Basel-II norms, the Company has

received credit ratings from ICRA Limited concerning the

Company’s long-term and short-term fund-based limits.:

letter of even date which

is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this

report.

Sd/-

Place: Bengaluru

S.N.Mishra.

Date : 17.05.2023

Company Secretary

C. P. No. : 4684

FCS No. : 6143

P.R. No.: 1603/2021

UDIN : F006143E000320591:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of

the management of the Company. My responsibility is to

express an opinion on these secretarial records based on

our audit.

2.

I have followed the audit practices and processes as were

appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The

verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct

facts are reflected in secretarial records. I believe that

processes and practices I followed provide a reasonable

basis for my opinion.

3.

I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of

financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, I have obtained the Management

representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of corporate and other

applicable laws, rules regulations, standards is the

responsibility of management. My examination was limited

to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as

to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted

the affairs of the Company.

Sd/-

Place: Bengaluru

S.N.Mishra.

Date : 17.05.2023

Company Secretary

C. P. No. : 4684

FCS No. : 6143

P.R. No.: 1603/2021

UDIN : F006143E000320591:

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A

and forms an integral part of this report.

For SPV & Company

Company Secretaries

CS P V S Ramanjaneyulu

Date: 9th May 2023

Proprietor

Place: Hyderabad

M. No: A59928 C.P. No: 22999

UDIN: A059928E000272767

PR Certificate No.: 2593/2022:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of

the management of the Company. My responsibility is to

express an opinion on these secretarial records based on

our audit.

2.

I have followed the audit practices and processes as were

appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The

verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct

facts are reflected in secretarial records. I believe that

processes and practices I followed provide a reasonable

basis for my opinion.

3.

I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of

financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4.

Where ever required, I have obtained the Management

representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other

applicable laws, rules, regulations and standards is the

responsibility of Management. My examination was limited

to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to

the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the Management has conducted

the affairs of the Company.

For SPV & Company

Company Secretaries

CS P V S Ramanjaneyulu

Date: 9th May 2023

Proprietor

Place: Hyderabad

M. No: A59928 C.P. No: 22999

UDIN: A059928E000272767

PR Certificate No.: 2593/2022:

Letter-of-

Appointment-for-Independent-Director-with-

Terms-and-Conditions.pdf

(vi.) Familiarization Programme –

Our Directors, at the time of their appointment,

are provided with information about the Company

and its organizational structure, business model,

vision and values, latest published results and

internal policies to familiarise them with the

Company’s procedures and practices. A detailed: letter containing the Company’s expectations, the

rights, powers, responsibilities and liabilities of

the Independent

Managing Director vis-à-vis the

Performance Objectives/Parameters set at the beginning

of the financial year are also reviewed by the Committee

during the year.

Committees of the Board:

The performance evaluation of committee’s included

aspects like degree of fulfilment of key responsibilities as

outlined by the charter, adequacy of committee composition,

effectiveness of discussions at the Committee meetings,:

Managing Director and Group CEO of the Company

and revision of terms.

3.

Approval for giving loans, making investments,

extending guarantees or securities under Section 185 of

the Companies Act, 2013.

2019-20

September

29, 2020

03:30 P.M.

AGM held through

Video Conferencing/

Other Audio-Visual

Means

1.

Reappointment of Ms. Revathy Ashok (DIN: 00057539)

as a Director of the Company.

2. Reappointment of Mr. Sanjay Anandaram (DIN:

00579785) as a Director of the Company.

3. Approval of Scheme of Amalgamation with its Wholly-

Owned Subsidiaries.

B. Postal Ballot:

During the year, none of the businesses proposed to be

transacted at the ensuing AGM require passing an ordinary

or special resolution through postal ballot.

V.

Means of Communication with Shareholders:

•

Financial Results: Prior intimation of the Board

Meeting to consider and approve Unaudited/Audited

Financial Results of the Company is given to the Stock

Exchanges and also disseminated on the official

website of the Company at www.quesscorp.com. The

aforesaid Financial Results are immediately intimated

to the Stock Exchange(s) after the same is approved

at the Board Meeting. The Annual Audited Financial

Statements are sent to every member of the Company

in the prescribed manner. In terms of Regulation 10 of

the Listing Regulations, the Company complies with

the online filing requirements on electronic platforms

of BSE Limited (BSE), National Stock Exchange of India

Limited (NSE) viz., BSE Listing Centre, NSE Electronic

Application Processing System (NEAPS).

•

Newspapers: The quarterly, half-yearly and annual

Financial Results of the Company are published in

widely circulated daily Newspapers, viz., “Financial

Express” “Business Standard” (English) and in the “Hosa

Digantha” (Kannada).

•

Website: The website of the Company www.quesscorp.

com contains a dedicated section “Investor Relations”

which contains details/ information of interest to

various stakeholders, including Financial Results,

Shareholding Pattern, Press Releases, Company

Policies, etc. The Members/ Investors can view the

details of electronic filings done by the Company on the

respective websites of BSE and NSE i.e., www.bseindia.

com and www.nseindia.com.

•

Press Releases: Official Press Releases including

Press Release on Financial Results of the Company

are sent to the Stock Exchanges and the same are

simultaneously hosted on the official website of the

Company.:

Letter-of-

Appointment-for-Independent-Director-with-Terms-and-Conditions.pdf

Archival Policy

https://www.quesscorp.com/investor/dist/images/pdf/Policies/Archival_Policy.pdf

Details of its Business

https://www.quesscorp.com/about/company-profile/

Composition of Various Committees

of the Board of Directors

https://www.quesscorp.com/corporate-governance/

Dividend Distribution Policy

https://www.quesscorp.com/investor/dist/images/pdf/Policies/Dividend_

Distribution_Policy.pdf

VII. Other Disclosures:

a)

Materially significant related party transactions:

Omnibus and prior approval of the Audit Committee is obtained for all Related Party Transactions of the Company. During

the financial year ended 31 March 2023, the Company did not have any ‘material’ related party transaction that may have

potential conflict with the interests of the Company at large.

The Board of Directors of the Company has adopted a Related Party Transactions Policy pursuant to the requirements of

Section 188 of the Act, and rules framed thereunder and Regulation 23 of the Listing Regulations. The said Related Party

Transactions Policy has been uploaded on the official website of the Company at www.quesscorp.com

The Disclosure on Related Party Transactions forms an integral part of the Notes to Financial Statements of the Company

for the financial year ended 31 March 2023 (both standalone and consolidated basis) as included in this Report.:

Managing Director (w.e.f 1 April 2021 to 10 February 2022)

Guru Prasad Srinivasan

Group Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director (w.e.f. 11 February 2022)

N. Ravi Vishwanath

Chief Financial Officer (w.e.f. 1 April 2021 to 10 January 2023)

Kamal Pal Hoda

Group Chief Financial Officer (w.e.f. 11 January 2023)

Kundan K. Lal

Company Secretary and Compliance officer

(ii) Related party transactions during the year:

(Amount in INR millions)

Nature of transaction and

relationship

Name of related party

For the year ended

31 March 2023

31 March 2022

Revenue from operations

Subsidiaries

Vedang Cellular Services Private Limited

11.11

26.59

Qdigi Services Limited

5.81

5.70

Quess international services Private Limited

9.73

0.13

Conneqt Business Solutions Limited

207.70

489.20

Monster.com (India) Private Limited

59.60

2.88:

Managing Director (w.e.f 1 April 2021 to 10 February

2022)

Guruprasad Srinivasan

Executive Director and Group Chief Executive Officer (w.e.f. 11 February 2022)

N. Ravi Vishwanath

Group Chief Financial Officer (w.e.f. 1 April 2021 to 10 January 2023)

Kamal Pal Hoda

Group Chief Financial Officer (w.e.f. 11 January 2023)

Kundan K. Lal

Company Secretary and Compliance officer:

letter etc. together with attested specimen

signature of the duly authorized signatory who are

authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer and to the Company

at the email address viz; agm2023@quesscorp.com

(designated email address by company), if they have

voted from individual tab & not uploaded same in the

CDSL e-voting system for the scrutinizer to verify the

same.

INSTRUCTIONS

FOR

SHAREHOLDERS/MEMBERS

TO

ATTEND THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING THROUGH VC/

OAVM & E-VOTING DURING MEETING ARE AS UNDER:

1.

The procedure for attending meeting & e-Voting on the day

of the AGM is same as the instructions mentioned above for

e-voting.

2.

The link for VC/OAVM to attend meeting will be available

where the EVSN of Company will be displayed after

successful login as per the instructions mentioned above

for e-voting.

3.

Shareholders who have voted through Remote e-Voting will

be eligible to attend the meeting. However, they will not be

eligible to vote at the AGM.

4.

Shareholders are encouraged to join the Meeting through

Laptops / IPads for better experience.

5.

Further shareholders will be required to allow Camera and

use Internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance

during the meeting.

6.

Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile

Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via Mobile

Hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss due to Fluctuation

in their respective network. It is therefore recommended to

use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate any kind of

aforesaid glitches.

7.

Shareholders who would like to express their views/ask

questions during the meeting may register themselves

as a speaker by sending their request in advance atleast

5 days prior to meeting mentioning their name, demat

account number/folio number, email id, mobile number

at (company email id). The shareholders who do not wish

to speak during the AGM but have queries may send their

queries in advance 5 days prior to meeting mentioning

their name, Demat account number/folio number, email

id, mobile number at agm2023@quesscorp.com. These

queries will be replied to by the company suitably by email.

8.

Those shareholders who have registered themselves as

a speaker will only be allowed to express their views/ask

questions during the meeting.

9.

Only those shareholders, who are present in the AGM

through VC/OAVM facility and have not casted their vote on

the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are otherwise

not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through

e-Voting system available during the AGM.

10. If any Votes are cast by the shareholders through the

e-voting available during the AGM and if the same

shareholders have not participated in the meeting through

VC/OAVM facility, then the votes cast by such shareholders

may be considered invalid as the facility of e-voting during

the meeting is available only to the shareholders attending

the meeting.

PROCESS FOR THOSE SHAREHOLDERS WHOSE EMAIL/

MOBILE NUMBERS ARE NOT REGISTERED WITH THE

COMPANY/DEPOSITORIES

1.

For Physical shareholders- please provide necessary

details like Folio No., name of shareholder, scanned copy

of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self-attested

scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned

copy of Aadhar Card) by email to Company/RTA email id.

2. For Demat shareholders - Please update your email id &

mobile no. with your respective Depository Participant

(DP)

3. For Individual Demat shareholders – Please update your

email id & mobile no. with your respective Depository

Participant (DP) which is mandatory while e-Voting &

joining virtual meetings through Depository.

If you have any queries or issues regarding attending AGM

& e-Voting from the CDSL e-Voting System, you can write

an email to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at

toll free no. 1800 22 55 33

All grievances connected with the facility for voting by

electronic means may be addressed to Mr. Rakesh Dalvi,

Sr. Manager, (CDSL, ) Central Depository Services (India)

Limited, A Wing, 25th Floor, Marathon Futurex, Mafatlal

Mill Compounds, N M Joshi Marg, Lower Parel (East),

Mumbai - 400013 or send an email to helpdesk.evoting@

cdslindia.com or call toll free no. 1800 22 55 33.

GENERAL GUIDELINES FOR SHAREHOLDERS:

19. During the voting period, members can login to e-voting

platform any number of times till they have voted on all the

resolutions for a particular “Event”.

20. Shareholders holding multiple folios/Demat account shall

choose the voting process separately for each of the folios/

Demat account.

21. In case the shareholders have any queries or issues

regarding e-voting, please refer to the Frequently Asked

Questions (“FAQs”) and e-Voting manual available on the

CDSL website.:

Managing Director of Hamblin Watsa

Investment Counsel, a wholly-owned investment management company of Fairfax

Financial Holdings. Hamblin Watsa provides discretionary investment management

to all the insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries of Fairfax and currently manages

approximately US$ 50 billion of assets. At Hamblin Watsa, he is responsible for all

Fairfax and subsidiary investments in Asia. Prior to joining Hamblin Watsa, he was the

owner/president of an industrial distribution company and a senior executive at a large

multinational consumer packaged food company.

He has driven business success in markets around the world, with an understanding

of diverse business environments, economic conditions, cultures, and regulatory

frameworks, and a broad perspective on global market opportunities.

Directorship

and

Membership

of

Committees of the Board held in other

listed companies

Directorship:

1.

Thomas Cook (India) Limited;

2.

IIFL Finance Limited

3.

Chemplast Sanmar Limited

Membership:

•

Member of Audit Committee, Nomination & Remuneration, Committee and Risk

Management Committee of Thomas Cook (India) Limited

Directorships held in other public limited

companies

1.

Bangalore International Airport Limited

2. Sanmar Engineering Services Limited

3. National Commodities Management Services Limited

4. Go Digit General Insurance Limited

Relationship with other Directors and

Key Managerial Personnel

Nil

Number of shares held as on March 31,

2023

Nil

Terms and conditions of appointment

The terms and conditions of appointment shall be governed by the approval of members

as set out in the Notice of the AGM.

NOTE:

Information pertaining to the number of Board Meetings attended during the year 2022-23 has been provided in the Corporate Governance

Report forming part of the Annual Report.

By Order of the Board of Directors of

Quess Corp Limited

Sd/-

Kundan K. Lal

Vice President and Company Secretary

Date: 02 August 2023

Place: Bengaluru:

