Managing Director

Shri Kunjalbhai L. Patel

Vice Chairman &: Managing

letter etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies)

who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to vbhatt2004@yahoo.co.in with a copy marked to

evoting@nsdl.co.in. Institutional Shareholders (i.e. other than Individual, HUF, NRI, etc.) can also upload their Board

Resolution / Power of Attorney, Authority: letter etc. by clicking an "Upload Board Resolution / Authority Letter" displayed

under "e-voting" tab in their login.

letter which shall contain Member’s name, folio number,

bank details (Bank account number, Bank and Branch name and address, IFSC MICR details), self attested copy of PAN card

and cancelled cheque leaf.

6.

Pursuant to the Finance Act, 2020, dividend income will be taxable in the hands of the Members w.e.f. 1st April, 2020 and

the Company is required to deduct tax at source (“TDS”) from dividend paid to the members at prescribed rates in the

Income Tax Act, 1961. In general, to enable compliance with TDS requirements, Members are requested to complete and /

or update their Residential Status, Permanent Account Number (“PAN”) category as per the IT Act with their Depository

Participants (‘DPs’) or in case shares are held in physical form, with the Company by sending documents by 27th July, 2023.

7.

In terms of the provisions of Section 124 of the Companies Act, 2013, the amount of dividend not encashed or claimed

within 7 (seven) years from the date of its transfer to the unpaid dividend account, will be transferred to the Investor

Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) established by the Government. Accordingly, the unclaimed dividend in respect of

financial year 2015-16 is due for transfer to the IEPF by September 2023.

8.

Pursuant to section 124(6) of the Companies Act, 2013, as amended and Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority

(Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016, (the IEPF Rules,2016) all shares in respect of which dividend has not

been paid or claimed for seven consecutive years or more will become due for transfer to the IEPF Demat account.

Shareholders may note that both the unclaimed dividend/debenture interest amount transferred to IEPF and the shares

transferred to the Demat Account of the IEPF Authority including all benefits accruing on such shares, if any, can be:

Managing Director, is associated

with VOLTAMP GROUP since more than 41 years. He holds a Commerce

degree from the M.S. University, Vadodara and is a fellow Member of the

Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and also the Institute of

Company Secretaries of India. He has also attended Global Advance

Management Programme conducted by the Kellog School of Business

Chicago (USA). He has vast experience of more than 4 decades in the field

of Finance, Marketing and Commercial Matters and also the General

Management of the Company. He also worked for short tenures with Atul

Products Ltd., Bombay Dyeing & Manufacturing Company Ltd. and Cadbury

India Ltd.

Companies in which Directorship held

Paramount Limited

Meghmani Finechem Limited

Listed Companies in which Directorship held

Meghmani Finechem Limited

other than this Company

Listed Companies in which membership of

Meghmani Finechem Limited

Committees of Directors held other than this

Member of the Audit Committee

Company

Relationship with other Directors and Key

Not related with any Director / KMP of the Company.

Managerial Personnel

No. of shares held in the Company as on

1

31st March, 2023

Listed entity from which he has resigned in

Nil

past three years:

Managing Director of the Company by the Board of Directors of the Company at their meeting held on 31st January, 2022 for a

further period of five (5) years commencing from 15th March 2022 to 14th March, 2027 subject to approval of shareholders. The

shareholders of the Company had approved said reappointment by requisite majority through postal ballot on 15th April,

2022.

During the year 2022-23, Smt. Paulomi J. Lashkari (DIN: 00274468) resigned from office with effect from 2nd June, 2022 due to

preoccupancy with other family commitments, and Shri Rajendra C. Patel (DIN: 01681826) resigned from office with effect

from 27th July, 2022 due to advancement of age and preoccupancy with other family commitments.

Shareholders of the Company with requisite majority through postal ballot, had approved appointment of Ms. Visha S. Suchde

(DIN: 05209312) and Shri Jabal C. Lashkari (DIN: 00216994) as Independent Woman Director and Independent Director

respectively for the term of five years commencing from 20th June, 2022 upto 19th June, 2027. Date of resolution passed through

postal ballot is 31st July, 2022.

Shri Shailesh P. Prajapati is appointed as Chief Financial Officer of the Company with effect from 25th May, 2022.

Apart from this, there is no change in Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company, during the year 2022-23.:

Managing Director of the Company is liable to retire by rotation at this 56th

AGM, pursuant to section 152 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013, read with Companies

(Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rule, 2014 (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof

for the time being in force) and being eligible, has offered himself for re-appointment. Appropriate resolution for his

reappointment is being placed for the approval of shareholders of the Company at this AGM.

DIRECTORS RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT:

In terms of Section 134(3) (c) of the Companies Act, 2013, the Directors, to the best of their knowledge and belief and according

to the information and explanations obtained by them in the normal course of their work, state that, in all material respects:

(a) that in the preparation of the annual financial statements for the year ended 31st March, 2023, the applicable accounting

standards had been followed along with proper explanation relating to material departures, if any;

(b) that the Directors have selected such accounting policies and applied them consistently and made judgments and estimates

that are reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the company at the end of the

financial year 31st March, 2023 and of the profit of the company for that period;

(c) that proper and sufficient care has been taken for the maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the

provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets of the company and for preventing and detecting fraud and other

irregularities;

(d) that Financial Statements have been prepared on a going concern basis;

(e) that internal financial controls to be followed by the company have been laid down and that such internal financial

controls are adequate and are operating effectively. and

(f)

that proper systems to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws are in place and that such systems are

adequate and operating effectively.

INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS:

The Independent Directors hold office for a fixed term and are not liable to retire by rotation.

Each Independent Director has given written declaration to the Company confirming that he/she meets the criteria of

independence as mentioned under Section 149(6) of the Act and regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations. The Independent

Directors have also submitted a declaration that they are not aware of any circumstance or situation, which exist or may be

reasonably anticipated, that could impair or impact their ability to discharge their duties with an objective independent

judgment and without any external influence, pursuant to Regulation 25 of the Listing Regulations.

NUMBER OF MEETINGS OF THE BOARD:

During the financial year under review, four Meetings of the Board of Directors were held. The details of the attendance of

Directors at the Board Meetings are mentioned in the report on the Corporate Governance annexed hereto.

POLICY ON APPOINTMENT AND REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS:

The Policy of the Company on Directors’ appointment and remuneration including criteria for determining qualifications,

positive attributes, independence of a Director and other matters provided under sub-section (3) of section 178, is appended

as Annexure - VI to this Report. The Policy has been posted on the website of the Company (http://www.voltamptransformers.com/

pdf/nomination_remuneration_policy.pdf)

ANNUAL EVALUATION BY THE BOARD:

The evaluation framework for assessing the performance of Board including the individual Directors are based on certain key

measures, viz. Attendance of Board Meetings and the Committee Meetings, qualitative contribution in deliberations on agenda

items, long term view in the inputs regarding development and sustainability of the Company and consideration of shareholders

and other stakeholders’ interests.

The evaluation involves Self-Evaluation by the Board Member and subsequently assessment by the Board of Directors. A

member of the Board does not participate in the discussion of his / her evaluation. The Board of Directors has expressed their

satisfaction to the evaluation process.:

Managing Director

DIN:00008395:

Managing Director, VC: Vice Chairman, NED: Non Executive Director, I: Independent Director

1Smt. Paulomi J. Lashkari resigned from office with effect from 2nd June, 2022 due to preoccupancy with other family

commitments. Detailed resignation: letter and confirmation of Director that there is no material reason of resigning before

expiry of the term is available on website of the Company i.e. https://www.voltamptransformers.com/index.php/dashboard/

others

2Shri Rajendra C. Patel resigned from office with effect from 27th July, 2022 due to advancement of age and preoccupancy

with other family commitments. Detailed resignation letter and confirmation of Director that there is no material reason

of resigning before expiry of the term is available on website of the Company i.e. https://www.voltamptransformers.com/

index.php/dashboard/others

3Shri Jabal C. Lashkari & Ms. Visha S. Suchde, appointed as Non Executive Independent Director w.e.f 20th June 2022.

Notes :

i.

Except Shri Kanubhai S. Patel,

Managing Director, NED: Non-ExecutiveDirector, I: Independent Director

The Committee met four times during the financial year ended 31st March, 2023 on 25th May, 2022, 12th August,

2022, 10th November, 2022 and 4th February, 2023.

** Smt. Paulomi J Lashkari resigned from the office with effect from 2nd June, 2022.

The Minutes of the meetings of the Audit Committee are circulated to the members of the Committee, discussed

and taken note of it and the recommendations of the Audit Committee are accepted by the Board.

The Chairman of the Audit Committee was present at the last Annual General Meting held on 12th August, 2022.

(ii)

NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE:

The terms of Reference:

In compliance with Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 19 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations,

2015, the Company has constituted a Nomination & Remuneration Committee of the Board. All members of the

Committee are Non Executive and Independent Directors. The terms of reference of the Committee inter alia,

include:

(1) Formulation of the criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence of a Director

and recommend to the Board of Directors a policy relating to, the remuneration of the Directors, key

managerial personnel and other employees;

(2) Formulation of criteria for evaluation of performance of independent Directors and the Board of Directors;

(3) Devising a policy on diversity of Board of Directors;

(4) Identifying persons who are qualified to become Directors and who may be appointed in senior management

in accordance with the criteria laid down, and recommend to the Board of Directors their appointment and

removal.

(5) Whether to extend or continue the term of appointment of the independent Director, on the basis of the

report of performance evaluation of independent Directors.:

Managing Director, VC: Vice Chairman, NED: Non-Executive Director, I: Independent Director

* Shri Hemant P. Shaparia appointed as chairperson of the Committee with effect from 25th May, 2022.

During the financial year ended on 31st March, 2023, committee met once on 10th November, 2022.:

Managing Director, VC: Vice Chairman, NED: Non-Executive Director, I: Independent Director

* Smt. Paulomi J Lashkari resigned from the office with effect from 2nd June, 2022.

The Committee met four times during the financial year ended 31st March, 2023, on 25th May, 2022, 12th August,

2022, 10th November, 2022 and 4th February, 2023.

(v)

RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE:

The terms of reference:

In compliance with Regulation 21 and Schedule II, Part D of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, a Risk Management

Committee of the Board has been constituted. The terms of reference of the Committee inter alia, include:

1)

Formulation of detailed risk management policy which shall include:

(a) A framework for identification of internal and external risks specifically faced by the listed entity, in

particular including financial, operational, sectoral, sustainability (particularly, ESG related risks),

information, cyber security risks or any other risk as may be determined by the Committee.

(b) Measures for risk mitigation including systems and processes for internal control of identified risks.

(c) Business continuity plan.

2)

Ensure that appropriate methodology, processes and systems are in place to monitor and evaluate risks

associated with the business of the Company;

3)

To monitor and oversee implementation of the risk management policy, including evaluating the adequacy

of risk management systems;

4)

Review of the risk management policy, at least once in two years, including by considering the changing

industry dynamics and evolving complexity;

5)

Keep the Board of Directors informed about the nature and content of its discussions, recommendations

and actions to be taken;

6)

Appointment, removal and terms of remuneration of the Chief Risk Officer (if any) shall be subject to review

by the Risk Management Committee.:

Managing Director, VC: Vice Chairman, NED: Non-Executive Director, I: Independent Director

The Committee met two times during the financial year ended 31st March, 2023, on 12th August, 2022 & 4th February,

2023.

4.

REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS:

All pecuniary relationship or transactions of the Non Executive Directors vis-à-vis the listed entity:

Except sitting fees of attending Board meeting and Committee meeting, no other pecuniary relationship that Non Executive

Directors have with the Company.

Criteria of making payments to Non Executive Directors:

The criteria being their attendance in Board and Committee meeting.

Disclosure with respect to remuneration:

(````` in Lakhs)

Name

Sitting Fees

Salary & Perquisite

Commission

Stock Option

Pension

Shri Kanubhai S. Patel

Nil

349.60

256.32

Nil

Nil

Shri Kunjalbhai L. Patel

Nil

326.92

200.00

Nil

Nil

Shri Hemant P. Shaparia

1.70

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Smt. Taral K. Patel

1.60

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Shri Rajendra C. Patel

0.35

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Smt. Paulomi J. Lashkari

0.45

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Shri Jabal Lashkari

1.45

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

(w.e.f 20th June, 2022)

Ms. Visha Suchde

1.45

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

(w.e.f 20th June, 2022)

Fixed Component / Performance Linked Incentive / Criteria:

During the year 2022-23, 1% of the net profit (profit before tax) of the Company paid to two Managing Directors of the

Company respectively.

Service Contract / Notice Period / Severance Fees:

A.

The Contract of Service entered into by the Company with Shri Kanubhai S. Patel, Chairman &: Managing Director, &

Shri Kunjal L. Patel, Vice

Managing Director of the Company for further period of five years with effect

from 11.02.2020 to 10.02.2025.

2.

Reappointment of Shri Hemant P. Shaparia (DIN: 00053392) as an Independent

Director of the Company with effect from 18.03.2020 to 17.03.2025.

3.

Appointment of Shri Vallabh N. Madhani (DIN: 02209006) as a Whole Time

Director & CFO for a period starting from 14.08.2019 to 31.03.2022:

Managing Director

DIN: 0008395

DECLARATION ON CODE OF CONDUCT

[Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V (Part D) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015]

The Company has in place a Code of Conduct applicable to the Board Members as well as the Senior Management and

that the same has been hosted on the Company’s website http://www.voltamptransformers.com/index.php/dashboard/

codeconduct. All the Board Members and the Senior Management Personnel have affirmed compliance with the Code

of Conduct as on 31st March, 2023. The declaration signed by the Chairman &: Managing Director of the Company is

given below:

“I, Kanubhai S. Patel,

MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CFO CERTIFICATION

To

The Board of Directors

Voltamp Transformers Limited

Makarpura, Vadodara.

We certify that:

A.

We have reviewed financial statements and the cash flow statement of Voltamp Transformers Ltd. for the year

ended 31st March, 2023 and that to the best of our knowledge and belief:

(1)

these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or any material fact or contain statements

that might be misleading;

(2)

these statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and arein compliance with

existing accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.

B.

There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the year

which are fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company’s code of conduct.

C.

We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that we

have evaluated the effectiveness of internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting

and we have disclosed to the auditors and the audit committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of such

internal controls, if any, of which we are aware and the steps we have taken or propose to take to rectify these

deficiencies.

D.

We have indicated to the auditors and the Audit committee

(1)

significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year;

(2)

significant changes in accounting policies during the year and that the same have been disclosed in the

notes to the financial statements; and

(3)

instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of the

management or an employee having a significant role in the Company’s internal control system over financial

reporting.

Place

: Vadodara

Kanubhai S. Patel

Shailesh Prajapati

Date

: 25th May, 2023

Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

Company Secretary

DIN : 0008395

CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS

(Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C clause (10)(i) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015)

To,

The Members of

Voltamp Transformers Limited,

Makarpura, Vadodara – 390014 Gujarat

We have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the Directors of Voltamp

Transformers Limited, having CIN L31100GJ1967PLC001437 and having registered office at Makarpura, Vadodara 390014

Gujarat (hereinafter referred to as ‘the Company’), produced before us by the Company for the purpose of issuing this Certificate,

in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para-C Sub clause 10(i) of the Securities Exchange Board of India

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the verifications (including Directors Identification Number

(DIN) status at the portal www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and explanations furnished to us by the Company and its

officers, we hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company as stated below for the Financial Year ending

on 31st March, 2023 have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of companies by the

Securities and Exchange Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs, or any such other Statutory Authority.

Sr. No.

Name of Directors

DIN

Date of appointment in Company

1.

Mr. Kunjal Lalitkumar Patel

00008354

04/06/1994

2.

Mr. Kanubhai Shakarabhai Patel

00008395

11/02/2010

3.

Ms. Taral Kunjal Patel

00023066

14/08/2020

4.

Mr. Hemant Pravinchandra Shaparia

00053392

18/03/2015

5.

Mr. Jabal Lashkari Chandravadan

00216994

20/06/2022

6.

Ms. Visha Sharad Suchde

05209312

20/06/2022

Ensuring the eligibility of for the appointment / continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management

of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on our verification.

This certificate is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with

which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

for J. J. Gandhi & Co.

Practising Company Secretaries

J. J. Gandhi

Place: Vadodara

Proprietor

Date: 30th May, 2023

FCS No. 3519 and CP No. 2515

P R No. 1174/2021

UDIN No. F003519E000427602:

letter, considering its nature of business, process and location, the following

Acts are specifically applicable to the Company. There are adequate systems and processes in the company to monitor

and ensure compliance.

1.

The Environment (Protection) Act, 1986

2.

The Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981

3.

The Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974

We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the following:

(i)

The Mandatory Secretarial Standards (SS-1 and SS-2) issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India.

(ii) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and

amendments made thereunder.

During the period under review the Company has complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines,

Standards mentioned above.

We further report that;

The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors

and Independent Directors. The changes in the composition of the Board of Directors that took place during the year under

review were carried out in compliance with the provisions of the Act.

Adequate notice is given to all directors to schedule the Board Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on agenda were sent

atleast seven days in advance, and a system exists for seeking and obtaining further information and clarifications on the

agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful participation at the meeting.

We further report that as per the minutes of the meetings duly recorded and signed by the Chairman, the decisions were carried

at meetings without any dissent.

We further report that there are adequate systems and processes in the Company commensurate with the size and operations

of the Company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.

For J. J. Gandhi & Co.

Practicing Company Secretaries

Place

: Vadodara

(J. J. Gandhi)

Date

: 25th May, 2023

Proprietor

FCS No. 3519 and CP No. 2515

P R No. 1174/2021

UDIN number F003519E000360326

This report is to be read with our: letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure and forms an integral part of this report.

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the company. Our responsibility is to

express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and the processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts

are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and the practices, we followed provided a reasonable

basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the company. The

Compliance of applicable financial laws like direct and indirect laws have not been reviewed in this Audit since the same

have been subject to review by Statutory Financial Audit and Other designated professionals.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations

and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility

of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the company.

For J. J. Gandhi & Co.

Practicing Company Secretaries

(J. J. Gandhi)

Proprietor

FCS No. 3519 and CP No. 2515:

MANAGING DIRECTOR

-

At the time of appointment or re-appointment, the remuneration (including perquisites, commission, etc.) to be paid to the: Managing

Managing Director

Chairperson of the Corporate

DIN : 0008395

Social Responsibility Committee

DIN : 00023066:

letter to concerned marketing officer of respective branch /region. Upon receipt

of valid complaint marketing officer forward it to technical team keeping in loop SBU head and thereafter appropriate action is taken upto the satisfaction of the

Customer in mutually decided time limit. In the same way Customer feedback is being tracked and analyzed to take corrective action if necessary.

2.

Turnover of products and/ services as a percentage of turnover from all products/service that carry information about:

The Company’s all products and / services carry information about the environmental and social parameters, safety information, recycling and safe disposal through

product manual provided along with the product,.

As a percentage to total turnover

Environmental and social parameters relevant to the product

Safe and responsible usage

100%

Recycling and/or safe disposal

3.

Number of consumer complaints:

FY 2022-232022-23 (Current Financial Year)

2021-22 (Previous Financial Year)

Received during

Pending resolution

Remarks

Received during

Pending resolution

Remarks

the year

at end of year

the year

at end of year

Data privacy

0

0

0

0

Advertising

0

0

0

0

Cyber-security

0

0

0

0

Delivery of essential services

0

0

0

0

Restrictive Trade Practices

0

0

0

0

Unfair Trade Practices

0

0

0

0

Other

0

0

0

0

4.

Details of instances of product recalls on account of safety issues:

Number

Reasons for recall

Voluntary recalls

0

0

Forced recalls

0

0

5.

Does the entity have a framework/ policy on cyber security and risks related to data privacy? (Yes/No) If available, provide a web-link of the policy.

Yes, and the weblink is https://www.voltamptransformers.com/index.php/dashboard/policies

6.

Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway on issues relating to advertising, and delivery of essential services; cyber security and data privacy

of customers; re-occurrence of instances of product recalls; penalty / action taken by regulatory authorities on safety of products / services.

Nil:

Managing Director) (Promoter)

3

Shri Kanubhai S. Patel

Key Managerial Person

(Chairman &: Managing Director)

4

Shri Hemant P. Shaparia

Independent Director

5

Smt. Paulomi Jabal Lashkari

Woman Independent Director (14th August 2020 to

2nd June 2022)

6

Shri Rajendra Chhotalal Patel

Independent Director (14th August 2020 to 27th July

2022)

7

Ms. Visha S. Suchde

Women Independent Director (From 20th June 2022)

8

Shri Jabal C. Lashkari

Independent Director (From 20th June 2022)

9

Shri. Sanket K. Rathod

Company Secretary & Compliance officer

10

Smt. Urmilaben L. Patel

Relative of Key Managerial Person

11

Smt. Taral K. Patel

Non -Executive Director Relative of Key Managerial

Person

12

Smt. Vanlila K Patel

Relative of Key Managerial Person

13

Haribhai Kevalbhai Patel Public Charitable Trust

Key Managerial Person is a Trustee

14

Samvedana Foundation

Key Managerial Person is a Director

15

United Way of Baroda

Key Managerial Person is a

