letter dated 28th April, 2023 informing that the 69th Annual General

Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on Thursday, 22nd June, 2023 at 3.00 p.m (IST)

by Video Conferencing / Other Audio Visual Means.

2. Pursuant to Regulation 34(1) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we enclose herewith Annual

Report for the financial year 2022-23 along with Notice of 69th AGM which are also being sent

through electronic mode to those Members whose email addresses are registered with the

Company / Registrar & Transfer Agent or Depositories.

3. The Notice of 69th AGM and Annual Report 2022-23 are also available on the website of the

Company at www.voltas.com.

4. This is for your information and records.

Thanking you,

Yours faithfully,

VOLTAS LIMITED

V. P. Malhotra

Head- Taxation, Legal

& Company Secretary

Encl.

VARUN

PRAKASH

MALHOTRA

Digitally signed by

VARUN PRAKASH

MALHOTRA

Date: 2023.05.26

20:42:01 +05'30':

Managing Director & CEO, have reviewed the contents

of this Report. The Board Members of the Company have

provided the necessary governance oversight.

Disclaimer: This document contains statements about expected

future events and financials of Voltas Limited and/or its subsidiaries,

which are forward-looking. By their nature, forward-looking statements

require the Company to make assumptions and are subject to inherent

risks and uncertainties. There is a significant risk that the assumptions,

predictions, and other forward-looking statements may not prove to be

accurate. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-

looking statements as several factors could cause assumptions, actual

future results and events to differ materially from those expressed in

the forward-looking statements. Accordingly, this document is subject

to this disclaimer and is qualified in its entirety by the assumptions,

qualifications and risk factors referred to in the Management Discussion

and Analysis section of this Annual Report.

Investor Information

Market Capitalization as at

31 March, 2023

` 27,075 crores

CIN

L29308MH1954PLC009371

BSE Code

500575

NSE Symbol

VOLTAS

Bloomberg Code

VOLT:IN

Dividend Proposed

425% or ` 4.25 per share

AGM Date

22 June, 2023

An electronic version of this

Report is available online at:

https://www.voltas.in/investors/

financial-snapshot/

Scan this QR code to navigate

investor-related information:

Dear Shareholders,

As we reflect on the past year, I am

grateful to all our stakeholders who

continuously supported and believed

in our Company. It was a year filled

with mixed emotions, marked by both

significant challenges and promising

opportunities. But despite it all, we

kept cruising ahead on our course with

determination and commitment. These

traits have helped us sail through the

short-term blips and as we embark on

another journey for our Company in

2023-24, I take pride in reflecting on

the distance we have covered over

the past seven decades, which have

provided us with invaluable lessons,

experiences, achievements, and a

sense of pride.

Economic Overview

The year saw major impact on the

global economy erupting out of the

prolonged Russia and Ukraine war,

causing supply chain disruptions,

significant surge in prices for essential

goods worldwide. To cushion the

effect of the accelerated inflation

rates, central banks worldwide acted

promptly by hiking the interest rates to

mitigate its impact.

In an effort to bolster the nation’s

growth and development in 2022-23,

the Government of India extended

its support by allocating funds for

domestic capacity expansion and

infrastructure development. This move

was targeted at stimulating demand,

generating employment opportunities,

and fostering growth across various

industries. The Government has

implemented various structural reforms

aimed at improving macroeconomic

activities, those which will contribute

towards increasing disposable income

and better private consumption.

Moreover, initiatives such as ‘Make

in India’, ‘AatmaNirbhar Bharat’,

‘Production Linked Incentives (PLI)’ are

playing a pivotal role in enhancing

Voltas’ demand at a macro level and are

working positively for the Company’s

journey as we travel ahead with

optimism.

Our Journey

Our journey began in 1954 as a joint

venture between Tata Sons and Volkart

Brothers, and today, we are a diversified

business house ranging from

consumer goods to MEP to textiles

machinery to Mining & Construction

Equipment. We are constantly evolving

and transforming to meet the dynamic

needs of our customers. As we reflect

on our achievements, we are proud

to share that Voltas has become one

of the top ten companies in the TATA

group, with a consolidated revenue

exceeding billion dollars.

Entering the new fiscal, I am optimistic

that our Company’s growth trajectory

will continue. We have constantly

expanded our horizons, spreading

our wings towards newer product

categories. Our emphasis on growth is

reflected in the rise of Voltas Beko – a

JV brand that offers home appliances

and provides a comprehensive

one-stop solution for all the valued

customers of Voltas under one roof

in joint venture with the leader of

appliances, Arçelik. Today, Voltas is not

just a room air conditioner company

but is also making forays in the

consumer durable space along with a

markable presence in the segments it

operates in.

In four years, Voltbek has sold

an impressive 3.3 million units,

a testament to the trust and

commitment brand Voltas carries with

the end consumers.

Besides these, Voltas is involved in

engineering projects and infrastructure

solutions space. As part of the

Company’s domestic projects business

in India, Voltas has been a part of some

of the largest iconic projects in India.

Proving its mettle we have enriched

our experience by successfully working

on metro projects, hospitals and social

infrastructure projects viz water &

electricals in major cities across the

country.

Financial Book: Our Roots

Securing the Next

The Company’s consolidated total

income for the year stood at

` 9,667 crores, reflecting a ~19%

growth over the previous year’s income

of ` 8,124 crores. The profit before

share of profit/loss of joint ventures

and associates and tax stood at

` 672 crores. The Company’s profit

before tax (after the share of profit/

loss of joint ventures/associates)

was recorded at ` 307 crores. During

the year, the Company made a

significant provision of ` 244 crores

under exceptional items, relating to

the termination of a contract and

encashment of bank guarantees for

two overseas projects in Dubai and

Qatar, respectively. We have taken the

necessary legal steps to protect our

interests and to recover the monies

owed to us.

Operational Highlights

During the year, the Unitary Cooling

Products business has relatively

performed better amid the lower

consumer sentiment towards

corporate overview

statutory reports

financial statements

Annual Report 2022-23

11:

Managing Director & CEO

noel Tata

Non-Executive Chairman

Debendranath sarangi

Independent Non-Executive

Director

Anjali Bansal

Independent Non-Executive

Director

Bahram n. Vakil

Independent Non-Executive

Director

The People guiding Our Journey

C

C

C

M M

M M

M

M M

M

C

M

C

M

M M M

Voltas Limited

88:

managing Director & CEO

Pradeep Bakshi

Directors

Vinayak Deshpande

Debendranath Sarangi

Bahram N. Vakil

Anjali Bansal

Arun Kumar Adhikari

Zubin Dubash

Saurabh Mahesh Agrawal

Chief financial Officer

Jitender Pal Verma

head– Taxation, legal & Company

secretary

V. P. Malhotra

AuDIT COmmITTEE

Chairman

Zubin Dubash

members

Debendranath Sarangi

Arun Kumar Adhikari

nOmInATIOn AnD REmunERATIOn

COmmITTEE

Chairman

Bahram N. Vakil

members

Noel Tata

Anjali Bansal

shAREhOlDERs RElATIOnshIP

COmmITTEE

Chairman

Noel Tata

members

Bahram N. Vakil

Pradeep Bakshi

CORPORATE mAnAgEmEnT: managing

Managing Director & CEO

65.43

Note: Ratio of Remuneration of Directors was

computed based on sitting fees paid during

2022-23 and commission paid for 2021-22 in

2022-23. However, in line with the internal

guidelines, no commission was paid to Mr. Vinayak

Deshpande and Mr. Saurabh Agrawal for 2021-22,

as they were in full-time employment with another

Group company. They were paid sitting fees only.

(b) The percentage increase in remuneration of

each Director, Chief Financial Officer, Chief

Executive Officer, Company Secretary or

Manager, if any, in 2022-23:

Directors, Chief Executive

Officer, Chief Financial

Officer and Company

Secretary

% Increase in

Remuneration

in 2022-23 over

2021-22

Mr. Noel Tata

*

Mr. Pradeep Bakshi

22.20

Mr. Vinayak Deshpande

(41.51)

Mr. Debendranath Sarangi

17.51

Mr. Bahram N. Vakil

(9.50)

Ms. Anjali Bansal

(16.49)

Mr. Arun Kumar Adhikari

12.82:

Managing Director & CEO),

Mr. Jitender Pal Verma (Chief Financial Officer) and:

Managing Director & CEO of the

Company is also the: Managing Director of Universal

MEP Projects & Engineering Services Limited (UMPESL),

a 100% wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.

Mr. Pradeep Bakshi does not draw any remuneration

from UMPESL. No other Director is the Managing or

Whole-time Director of any subsidiary of the Company.

29. Declaration by Independent Directors

Pursuant to Section 149(7) of the Act, the Company has

received declarations from all Independent Directors

confirming that they meet the criteria of independence

as specified in Section 149(6) of the Act, as amended, read

with Rules framed thereunder and Regulation 16(1)(b) of

the Listing Regulations. In terms of Regulation 25(8) of

the Listing Regulations, the Independent Directors have

confirmed that they are not aware of any circumstance or

situation which exists or may be reasonably anticipated

that could impair or impact their ability to discharge

their duties with an objective independent judgement

and without any external influence and that they are

independent of the Management. The Board of Directors

of the Company have taken on record the declaration and

confirmation submitted by the Independent Directors

after undertaking due assessment of the veracity

of the same.

The Board is of the opinion that the Independent Directors

possess the requisite qualifications, experience, expertise

and they hold high standards of integrity.

The Independent Directors have complied with the Code

for Independent Directors prescribed in Schedule IV to the

Act and have also confirmed that their registration with

the databank of Independent Directors maintained by the

Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs is in compliance with

the requirements of the Companies (Appointment and

Qualifications of Directors) Rules, 2014.

30. Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report

Pursuant to Regulation 34(2)(f) of Listing Regulations, as

amended, the Business Responsibility and Sustainability

Report in prescribed format forms part of this

Annual Report.

31. Corporate Governance

Pursuant to Schedule V of Listing Regulations,

Management

Discussion

and

Analysis,

Corporate

Governance Report and Auditors’ Certificate regarding

compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance

forms part of the Annual Report. A declaration signed

by the Managing Director in regard to compliance with

the Code of Conduct by the Board Members and Senior

Management Personnel also forms part of the Annual

Report. Code of Conduct and various other policies are

available on the website of the Company at the link:

https://www.voltas.com/about/corporate-governance

32. Details of the Establishment of Vigil Mechanism for

Directors and Employees

The Company has adopted a Whistle Blower Policy (“the

Policy”) as required under Section 177(9) of the Act and

Listing Regulations. The Policy provides a mechanism for

Directors and employees of the Company to approach the

Ethics Counsellor/

Managing Director & CEO

1

1

3

Mr. Bahram N. Vakil

Member, Independent Director

1

1

4

Ms. Anjali Bansal

Member, Independent Director

1

1

3.

Web-link(s) where Composition of CSR Committee, CSR Policy and CSR Projects approved by the Board are disclosed

on the website of the Company:

The CSR activities undertaken are within the broad framework of Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013. Details of the CSR

Committee composition, CSR Policy and projects/ programmes undertaken by the Company along with the implementing

agencies / partners are available on links given below:

(i)

CSR Committee Composition and CSR Policy:

https://www.voltas.com/images/_ansel_image_collector/CSR_Policy_%28Revised%29_11102021.pdf

(ii)

CSR Projects programmes undertaken by the Company:

https://www.voltas.com/images/_ansel_image_collector/CORPORATE_SOCIAL_RESPONSIBILITY_PROJECTS__

PROGRAMMES.Pdf

4.

Executive Summary of Impact Assessment of CSR projects, during 2022-23:

The Company has during 2022-23 carried out Impact Assessment on Sustainable Livelihood programmes implemented through

27 Skill Development Centres across India, by KPMG Assurance and Consulting Services LLP (KPMG) and on two separate

CSR projects of National Importance relating to Integrated Sanitation programme in 10 villages near Waghodia, Gujarat and

Participatory Ground Water Management and Sustainable Agriculture programme in 6 villages in Beed, Maharashtra, by Price

Waterhouse Chartered Accountants LLP (PW). The executive summary of the Impact Assessment Reports of KPMG and PW is given

as Annexure ‘A’. The web-links for their full reports are as under:

•

https://www.voltas.in/images/_ansel_image_collector/ImpactAssessmentReport-SustainableLivelihoodProgram-

March2023.pdf:

Managing Director & CEO

Chairman – CSR Committee

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: 26 April, 2023

Encl: Annexure ‘A’:

letter.

(1)

Maintenance of Secretarial record is the responsibility of the Management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an

opinion on these Secretarial Records based on our audit.

(2)

We have followed the auditing standards issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India (ICSI) and audit practices and

processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The

verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in the Secretarial records. We believe that the processes

and practices, we have followed are aligned with Auditing Standards issued by the ICSI and provide a reasonable basis for our

opinion.

(3)

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

(4)

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of Laws, Rules and Regulations and

happening of events, etc.

(5)

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable Laws, Rules, Regulations, Standards is the responsibility of

Management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

(6)

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficacy or effectiveness with

which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For M/s N L Bhatia & Associates

Practicing Company Secretaries

UIN: P1996MH055800

PR No.: 700/2020

Bhaskar Upadhyay

Partner

FCS: 8663

Date: 24 April, 2023

CP. No. 9625

Place: Mumbai

UDIN: F008663E000175027:

Managing Director, on the standards of values, ethics

and business principles. The Whistle Blower Policy of the

Company provides a mechanism for the employees to

approach the Chairman of Board Audit Committee/Ethics

Counsellor and disclose information that may evidence

unethical or improper activity concerning the Company.

2.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

(a)

Composition

The present Board comprises 9 members: 8 Non-

Executive Directors (NEDs) and a: Managing Director

& CEO. Of the 8 NEDs, 5 are Independent Directors,

including a Woman Director. The Company has

a Non-Executive

Managing Director & CEO,

including the steps taken, to rectify instances of

non-compliances, if any.

(f)

Code of Conduct

The Board has adopted the Codes for all Directors

and Senior Management of the Company and

the same have been posted on the website of

the Company. All the Board members and Senior

Management of the Company have affirmed

compliance with their respective Codes as on

31 March, 2023. A declaration to this effect, signed

by the: Managing Director & CEO of the Company

is annexed hereto. Senior management comprises

the Division/Department/Functional Heads and

Head-Finance of the respective business clusters.

The Independent Directors have also confirmed

compliance with the Code as prescribed in Schedule

IV to the Act.

(g) Category and attendance

The category of the Directors, their attendance at Board Meetings held during the year and at the last Annual

General Meeting, as also the number of Directorships and Committee Memberships held by them in other

companies (as on 31 March, 2023) are given below:

Name of Directors

Category

Board

Meetings

Attended

during

2022-23

Attendance

at the last

AGM held

on 24 June,

2022

Number of

Directorships

in other public

limited companies

(excluding

directorship in

associations,

private/ Section 8/

foreign companies)

Number of

Committee

positions held

in other public

companies#

Managing Director & CEO, Mr. Bahram N. Vakil and Mr. Zubin Dubash, Independent Directors of the

Company are not a Director of any other listed entity.

(i)

Matrix

setting

out

the

skills/expertise/

competence of Board of Directors

The Company has diverse businesses and is one

of the largest air-conditioning company in India

and a reputed engineering solution provider

specialising in project management (domestic and

international). The Company has a competent Board

with adequate background and knowledge of the

Company’s businesses - consumer durables, retail

and marketing, projects, engineering solutions,

finance, legal, accounts and general administration

and management. The Board comprise Directors

with diverse experience, qualifications, skill sets and

gender and are aligned with the Company’s overall

businesses, long term strategy, including corporate

ethics, values and culture. The brief profile and skill

sets of the Board Members are highlighted as under:

(1)

Mr. Noel Tata, Non-Executive Chairman of the

Company is a graduate from Sussex University

(UK) and has done the International Executive

Programme (IEP) from INSEAD, France.

Mr. Noel Tata has been associated with the

Tata group for 40 years and currently serves

on the Board of various Tata Group companies,

including as the Chairman of Trent Limited,

Tata International Limited, Voltas Limited and

Tata Investment Corporation Limited and

as the Vice Chairman of Tata Steel Limited and

Titan Company Limited. His last executive

assignment was as the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

of Voltas Limited and Universal MEP Projects

& Engineering Services Limited is a Science

graduate with Post Graduate Diploma in

Marketing Management. He is also on the

Board of Voltbek Home Appliances Private

Limited. Mr. Bakshi took over as Head of

Operations of Unitary Cooling Products

business, fifteen years ago, with an emphatic

oath of turning around the brand to its current

stature. He is one of the most versatile and

multi-talented executives, having close to

four decades of experience in the Consumer

Durable Industry.

Mr. Bakshi is a triumphant professional in the

competitive Indian White Goods landscape

and has worked with leading brands like

Godrej, GE and Electrolux, before starting his

career with Voltas, at the end of the year 2001.

He represents the all-too-rare combination of

thinker, doer and leader, and his vast expertise

and experience in the Appliances domain

makes him a distinct professional. Under

his able leadership, Voltas’ Unitary Cooling

Products business has consistently grown,

well ahead of the Industry. In fact, Voltas ACs

achieved leadership position in market share,

and has also scored highest in terms of Brand

Equity, under his stewardship.

Mr. Bakshi also spearheads the Infrastructure

Solutions and Projects business of Voltas,

including the Textile Machinery Division (TMD)

and Mining & Construction Equipment Division

(M&CE). Under his leadership, the Company

has successfully bagged multiple marquee

MEP, Solar and Water projects, including

the prestigious Parliament House, Chennai

Metro, several Airports, Dubai Exhibition

Centre Expo 2020, Commercial Boulevard

project - FIFA World Cup 2022, the prestigious

Namami Gange project and many more. TMD

business boasts of an order booking of around

` 5,000 crores, with market share of

65%. M&CE business has a market share of

more than 60% for Powerscreen equipment for

the past 5 years and has seen a two-fold jump

in revenue from Mozambique operations in the

last 5 years. Further, in September, 2018 under

his leadership, Voltas Beko brand was launched

under a JV with Arcelik of Turkey; which offers a

wide range of Refrigerators, Washing Machines,

Microwaves and Dishwashers.

An

enthusiastic

and

confident

leader,

Mr. Pradeep Bakshi has been the Appliances

Man of the Year, and has also received the

President’s award for Energy Conservation,

amongst many other awards and accolades.

(3)

Mr.

Vinayak

Deshpande,

Non-Executive

Director of the Company is a graduate

in Chemical Engineering (1980) from IIT,

Kharagpur. He has over 39 years of work

experience in different roles in diverse

companies like Thermax and Tata Honeywell.

Mr. Vinayak Deshpande retired as the: Managing Director of Tata Projects Limited

(TPL) in July 2022. During his long tenure as

MD, TPL has achieved all-round excellence in

Industrial Infrastructure business. He was earlier

the Managing Director of Tata Honeywell

Limited for 5 years for its India business till

2004-05. Mr. Deshpande was conferred as the

Infrastructure Person of the Year for 2016-17 by

‘Construction World’ and ‘Construction Times’

awarded him as the ‘Best Infra CEO’ of the year

2017. His vast knowledge and experience is

beneficial for the Company’s Projects business

and the Company has constituted a separate

Project Committee of the Board, of which

Mr. Deshpande is the

Managing Director with TPG

Growth PE, responsible for India, South East

Asia, Africa and the Middle East. She started her

career as a strategy consultant with McKinsey

and Co. in New York. She has chaired the India

Board of Women’s World Banking, a leading

global

livelihood-promoting

institution.

Ms. Anjali Bansal is on the Board of Open

Network for Digital Commerce (ONDC),

a Government of India initiative as an

Independent Director. She was listed as one of

the “Most Powerful Women in Indian Business”

by India’s leading publication, Business Today,

and by Fortune India. She was awarded “best

women director” for Leadership, Corporate

Governance, Sustainability & CSR at the

8th Asia Business Responsibility e-Summit

held in November 2021. She is a member of

the Young Presidents’ Organisation and a

charter member of TiE. Her experience and

knowledge is helpful for taking appropriate

decisions for technology and digital, growth

strategy, as well as organisation development

related matters.

(7)

Mr. Arun Kumar Adhikari, Independent

Director of the Company is a B. Tech (Chemical

Engineering) from the Indian Institute of

Technology, Kanpur and has done his MBA

from the Indian Institute of Management,

Kolkata. Mr. Adhikari has also attended the

Advanced Management Program in 1997 at

The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania,

USA. He joined Hindustan Unilever Limited

(HUL) in 1977 and was with Unilever Group,

working in India and overseas in series of senior

roles across Sales, Marketing and Consumer

Research till he retired in 2014. Post retirement

from HUL in 2014, he worked as a Senior

Advisor with Mckinsey, supporting them on

Marketing and Sales strategy related areas.

Taking into consideration his vast knowledge

and experience in Sales and Marketing,

Mr. Adhikari has also been appointed as a

Director of Voltbek Home Appliances Private:

Managing Director and Head India, Merrill

Lynch, Global Private Equity and the Group CFO

and a key member of the leadership team of

WNS Holdings Limited (NYSE listed company).

Mr. Zubin Dubash was associated with the Tata

Group, including as Director, Tata Financial

Services, a division of Tata Sons and also as an

Executive Director of Indian Hotels. Mr. Zubin

is also the Chairman of Board Audit Committee

and Risk Management Committee in Voltas.

(9)

Mr. Saurabh Agrawal, Non-Executive Director

of the Company is a Chemical Engineer from

IIT Roorkee and has done his Post Graduate

Management degree from IIM Kolkata. He

is a Whole-time Director of Tata Sons Private

Limited (Tata Sons), the Promoter company

and also the Group Chief Financial Officer.

In his career spanning over two decades,

Mr. Agrawal has been the Head of Investment

Banking in India for Bank of America Merrill

Lynch and also Head of Corporate Finance

business in India and South Asia for Standard

Chartered Bank. Mr. Agrawal has a wide-

ranging experience in strategy and capital

markets and has helped various large Indian

and Global corporates raise over USD 10

billion from the capital markets. In his advisory

capacity, Mr. Agrawal has advised several

business groups like Tata, AV Birla, GMR, ICICI,

Bharti, DLF etc.

3.

AUDIT COMMITTEE

(a)

Composition, name of Members and Chairman

The Board Audit Committee (BAC) comprise 3

Non-Executive Independent Directors – Mr. Zubin

Dubash (Chairman), Mr. Debendranath Sarangi and

Mr. Arun Kumar Adhikari. All members of BAC are

financially literate and have relevant finance and/

or audit exposure. The: Managing Director & CEO,

Chief Financial Officer (CFO), the Chief Internal

Auditor and the Statutory Auditors attend the BAC

Meetings as Invitees. The Business Heads also attend

the Meetings, when required. The Cost Auditor

attends the meetings at which Cost Audit related

matters are discussed. The Company Secretary acts

as the Secretary and the Minutes are circulated and

discussed at the Board Meetings.

(b) Meetings and attendance during the financial

year

Seven Meetings of BAC were held during the

financial year 2022-23 on the following dates:

4 May, 2022; 1 August, 2022; 30 September, 2022;

31 October, 2022; 11 January, 2023; 8 February, 2023

and 10 March, 2023.

The attendance of each member of the Committee

is given below:

Name of Members

No. of Meetings

attended

Mr. Zubin Dubash

6

Mr. Debendranath Sarangi

7

Mr. Arun Kumar Adhikari

5

The quorum of BAC Meetings is two Members or

one third of the Members, whichever is greater.

Necessary quorum was present for the Meetings

of BAC. The gap between two Meetings did not

exceed 120 days. Mr. Zubin Dubash attended the

last AGM of the Company as

Managing Director &

CEO is reviewed by the NRC based on certain

criteria such as industry benchmarks, Company’s

performance and the responsibilities shouldered by

him. The remuneration of the: Managing

Managing Director of Tata Projects Limited

and commission is payable to him on pro-rata

basis. The Company did not have any pecuniary

relationship or transactions with the NEDs during

2022-23, except as stated above.

•

Remuneration of Executive Director

(` in crores)

Name of

Director

Salary Perquisites

and

allowances

including

retiral

benefits

Commission

for

2022-23

No. of

Shares

held

Mr. Pradeep

Bakshi

1.16

2.59

Refer Note (1)

below

--

Notes:

(1)

Provision of ` 4 crores made in the books of

accounts. Commission to Mr. Pradeep Bakshi

would be approved by the Board, based on the

recommendation of NRC and paid in the financial

year 2023-24.

(2)

As per the terms of appointment, Mr. Pradeep Bakshi

is entitled to terminate his agreement with the

Company by giving not less than six months notice

in writing to the other party or the Company paying

six months remuneration in lieu of such notice. No

severance fee is payable.

(3)

The Company has not introduced any stock options

for its Directors/employees.

(c)

Retirement Policy for Directors

The Governance Guidelines on Board Effectiveness

adopted by the Company provides for the

retirement age of Directors. As per the Guidelines,

the Managing and Executive Directors retire at

the age of 65 years and Non-Independent NEDs

retire at the age of 70 years. The retirement age for

Independent Directors is 75 years.

8.

SHAREHOLDERS RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE

The Shareholders Relationship Committee (SRC), apart

from reviewing the shares related activities, also looks

into the redressal of shareholder and investor complaints,

compliances in respect of dividend payments and

transfer of unclaimed amount to the Investor Education

and Protection Fund pursuant to the provisions of

Section 125 of the Act. Mr. Noel Tata, is the Chairman and

Mr. Bahram N. Vakil, Independent Director and

Mr. Pradeep Bakshi,: Managing Director & CEO are

Members of SRC. During 2022-23, one Meeting of SRC

was held on 18 August, 2022 and the same was also

attended by the Company Secretary. The Minutes of the

SRC Meetings are circulated and noted by the Directors at

Board Meetings. Mr. Noel Tata attended the last Annual

General Meeting of the Company as

Managing Director & CEO and Chief Financial

Officer have in accordance with Regulation 17(8) of

Listing Regulations certified to the Board on matters

pertaining to CEO/CFO certification.

•

The disclosure in relation to Sexual Harassment

of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition

and Redressal) Act, 2013 has been made in

Directors’ Report.

The Company and its subsidiaries have not made

any loans and advances in the nature of loans to

firms/companies during the year in which Directors

are interested.

•

Compliances

•

The Company has complied with Corporate

Governance

requirements

specified

in

Regulations 17 to 27, read with para C and

D of Schedule V of Listing Regulations,

as applicable.

•

As specified in Regulation 46(1) of the

Listing Regulations, the Company has a

functional website www.voltas.com and all

the information stipulated in Regulation 46(2)

is disseminated under a separate ‘Investor’

section on the website of the Company from

time to time, as applicable.

•

Credit Rating

The Company has obtained Annual Credit Rating

from ICRA Limited (ICRA) for ` 2,400 crores Line of

Credit (LOC), pursuant to an Agreement between

ICRA and Voltas. ICRA has rated the Company as

‘AA+ for long-term’ and ‘A1+ for short-term’ LOC

[fund base and non-fund base bank facilities].

•

Consolidated payment to Statutory Auditors

During 2022-23, ` 4.61 crores was paid on

consolidated basis to Statutory Auditors of the

Company and all entities in the network firm/

network entity of which the Statutory Auditors

forms part, towards services rendered by them,

as under:

` in crores

Sr.

No

Particulars

By

Company

By

Subsidiaries

Total

a.

Statutory Audit

fees including tax

audit fees

2.78

0.29

3.07

b.

Other services

1.41

0.04

1.45

c.

Reimbursement

of expenses

0.08

0.01

0.09

Total

4.27

0.34

4.61

•

The Company has complied with the mandatory

requirements of Listing Regulations relating to

Corporate Governance. The Directors freely interact

with the Management on information that may be

required by them. The Management also shares with

the Board, changes/proposed changes in relevant

laws and regulations and their implication on the

Company.

The status of compliance with the non-mandatory

requirements are as under:

-

The financial statements of the Company are

with unmodified opinion.

-

The Chairman of the Board is a Non-Executive

Director and his position is separate from that

of the Chief Executive Officer.

-

The Internal Auditor reports to the Audit

Committee.

The Company has not adopted the discretionary

requirements in regard to maintenance of Non-

Executive Chairman’s office and sending half-

yearly financial results to the shareholders at their

residence.

•

Dividend Distribution Policy

The Company has formulated Dividend Distribution

Policy which is available on the website of the

Company at www.voltas.com and the weblink has

been provided in Directors’ Report and also annexed

to the Directors’ Report for ready reference.:

Letter of Confirmation (LOC) to the concerned shareholder(s) for submission to their respective

DP within 120 days from the date of issue of LOC for dematerialistion of shares. For cases where the shareholder failed

to submit the LOC to their DP within the aforesaid period, the RTA has credited the shares to Suspense Escrow Demat

Account (SEDA) of the Company. Accordingly, 150 shares of ` 1 each has been credited to SEDA during 2022-23.

In view of the above mandatory requirements and in order to eliminate the risks associated with physical shares and for ease

of portfolio management, Members holding shares in physical form are requested to consider converting their holdings to

dematerialised form. Members can contact the Company by sending an email at shareservices@voltas.com or to the Company’s

Registrar & Transfer Agent, TSR Consultants Private Limited at csg-unit@tcplindia.co.in for any assistance in this regard.

Members holding shares in physical form, in identical order of names, in more than one folio are requested to send to the

Company or RTA, the details of such folios together with the share certificates for consolidating their holdings in one folio.

A consolidated LOC will be issued to such Members after making requisite changes for submission to DP for dematerialising

the same. This would also result in savings as demat charges are payable per certificate.

•

Dematerialisation of Shares

Shareholders presently holding shares in physical form are requested to convert their physical holding into demat holding.:

MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO ON COMPLIANCE WITH THE CODE OF CONDUCT

I hereby declare that all the Directors and Senior Management personnel have as on 31 March, 2023 affirmed compliance of their

respective Codes of Conduct adopted by the Company and confirmation to that effect has been given by each of them.

Place: Mumbai

Pradeep Bakshi

Date: 26 April, 2023: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

9

Does the entity have a specified Committee of the Board/ Director

responsible for decision making on sustainability related issues?

(Yes / No). If yes, provide details.

Yes, the Company has a Board level SHE Committee. SHE

(Safety, Health and Environment) Committee gives direction

and guidance to the Management on the aspects of Health,

Safety and Sustainability. Further the SHE Committee looks

into the overall safety management, industrial hygiene and

occupational health requirements, not only required by law

but through industry best practices. There is also a Board

level CSR Committee that monitors CSR expenditures and

implementation of projects based on annual action plans.:

Managing Director & CEO and the R&D Head advocates public policy prescribed by Bureau of Energy Efficiency

(BEE), Government of India and the Ozone Cell of Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change, as and when required.

PRINCIPLE 8: Businesses should promote inclusive growth and equitable development.

1.

Details of Social Impact Assessments (SIA) of projects undertaken by the entity based on applicable laws, in the

current financial year.

Not Applicable

2.

Provide information on project(s) for which ongoing Rehabilitation and Resettlement (R&R) is being undertaken by

your entity.

The Company has not undertaken any Rehabilitation and Resettlement (R&R) as none of its business activities have direct / indirect

impact that required R&R.

3.

Describe the mechanisms to receive and redress grievances of the community.

CSR Partners have direct interaction with communities and redress the grievances raised, if any.

4.

Percentage of input material (inputs to total inputs by value) sourced from local or small-scale suppliers?

2022-23

2021-22

Directly sourced from MSMEs/ Small producers

20%

15%

Sourced directly from within the district and neighboring districts

8.43%

10.14%

LEADERSHIP INDICATORS

1.

Provide details of actions taken to mitigate any negative social impacts identified in the Social Impact Assessments

(Reference: Question 1 of Essential Indicators above).

Not Applicable.

2.

Provide the following information on CSR projects undertaken by your entity in designated aspirational districts as

identified by government bodies.

S.No

State

Aspirational District

Amount spent (₹)

1

Uttarakhand

Udham Singh Nagar

44.92 lakhs

2

Andhra Pradesh

Vizianagaram

3.55 lakhs

3

Bihar

Muzaffarpur

Since this is a knowledge partnership, Voltas supports the implementing

partner with content curation, technical knowhow, monitoring of the

project, training the trainers, conducting assessment of the students etc.

3.

Do you have a preferential procurement policy where you give preference to purchase from suppliers comprising

marginalised /vulnerable groups? (Yes/No)

No. The Tata Affirmative Action Programme offers development programs to encourage vendor-entrepreneurs and source from

vendors in marginalised communities.

4.

Details of the benefits derived and shared from the intellectual properties owned or acquired by your entity (in the

current financial year), based on traditional knowledge.

Not Applicable, no benefits derived and shared from the intellectual properties owned or acquired.:

Managing Director & CEO

Head - Taxation, Legal & Company Secretary

Membership Number : 38730

Place : Mumbai

Place : Mumbai

Place : Mumbai

Date : 26 April, 2023

Date : 26 April, 2023:

Managing Director & CEO

Head - Taxation, Legal & Company Secretary

Membership Number : 38730

Place : Mumbai

Place : Mumbai

Place : Mumbai

Date : 26 April, 2023

Date : 26 April, 2023:

Managing Director & CEO

Head - Taxation, Legal & Company Secretary

Membership Number : 38730

Place : Mumbai

Place : Mumbai

Place : Mumbai

Date : 26 April, 2023

Date : 26 April, 2023:

Managing Director & CEO

Head - Taxation, Legal & Company Secretary

Membership Number : 38730

Place : Mumbai

Place : Mumbai

Place : Mumbai

Date : 26 April, 2023

Date : 26 April, 2023:

Managing Director & CEO

Key Management Personnel

Mr. Jitender P. Verma - Chief Financial Officer (w.e.f.19 July, 2021)

Mr. Anil George - Chief Financial Officer (upto 18 July, 2021)

Mr. V. P. Malhotra - Head - Taxation, Legal & Company Secretary

4

Non-Executive Directors

Directors

Mr. Noel Tata - Chairman

Mr. Vinayak Deshpande

Mr. Hemant Bhargava (upto 29 September, 2021)

Mr. Saurabh Agrawal

Independent Directors

Mr. Debendranath Sarangi

Mr. Bahram N. Vakil

Ms. Anjali Bansal

Mr. Arun Kumar Adhikari

Mr. Zubin Dubash

5

Voltas Limited Provident Fund

Employee Benefit Funds

Voltas Managerial Staff Provident Fund

Voltas Limited Employees' Gratuity Fund

Voltas Limited Managerial Staff Gratuity Fund

Voltas Limited Employees' Superannuation Scheme

6

Tata Sons Private Limited

Promoter

7

Air India Limited (w.e.f. 27 January, 2022)

Subsidiaries and Joint

Ventures of Promoter

Air India SATS Airport Services Private Limited (w.e.f. 27 January, 2022)

Ardent Properties Private Limited (w.e.f. 17 June, 2022)

Automotive Stampings and Assemblies Limited

C-Edge Technologies Limited

Ewart Investments Limited

Gurgaon Realtech Limited (upto 19 May, 2022)

Infiniti Retail Limited

Innovative Retail Concepts Private Limited

MahaOnline Limited

Mikado Realtors Private Limited (Upto 4 January, 2023)

Savis Retail Private Limited

Supermarket Grocery Supplies Private Limited

Tata 1mg Healthcare Solutions Private Limited (w.e.f. 9 June, 2021):

Managing Director & CEO

Head - Taxation, Legal & Company Secretary

Membership Number : 38730

Place : Mumbai

Place : Mumbai

Date : 26 April, 2023

Place : Mumbai

Date : 26 April, 2023:

Managing Director & CEO, Voltas Limited:

Managing Director & CEO

Head - Taxation, Legal & Company Secretary

Membership Number : 38730

Place : Mumbai

Place : Mumbai

Place : Mumbai

Date : 26 April, 2023

Date : 26 April, 2023:

Managing Director & CEO

Head - Taxation, Legal & Company Secretary

Membership Number : 38730

Place : Mumbai

Place : Mumbai

Place : Mumbai

Date : 26 April, 2023

Date : 26 April, 2023:

Managing Director & CEO

Head - Taxation, Legal & Company Secretary

Membership Number : 38730

Place : Mumbai

Place : Mumbai

Place : Mumbai

Date : 26 April, 2023

Date : 26 April, 2023:

Managing Director & CEO

Head - Taxation, Legal & Company Secretary

Membership Number : 38730

Place : Mumbai

Place : Mumbai

Place : Mumbai

Date : 26 April, 2023

Date : 26 April, 2023:

Managing Director & CEO

Key Management Personnel

Mr. Jitender P. Verma - Chief Financial Officer (w.e.f.19 July, 2021)

Mr. Anil George - Chief Financial Officer (upto 18 July, 2021)

Mr. V. P. Malhotra - Head - Taxation, Legal & Company Secretary

4

Non-Executive Directors

Directors

Mr. Noel Tata - Chairman

Mr. Vinayak Deshpande

Mr. Hemant Bhargava (upto 29 September, 2021)

Mr. Saurabh Agrawal

Independent Directors

Mr. Debendranath Sarangi

Mr. Bahram N. Vakil

Ms. Anjali Bansal

Mr. Arun Kumar Adhikari

Mr. Zubin Dubash

5

Voltas Limited Provident Fund

Employee Benefit Funds

Voltas Managerial Staff Provident Fund

Voltas Limited Employees’ Gratuity Fund

Voltas Limited Managerial Staff Gratuity Fund

Voltas Limited Employees’ Superannuation Scheme

6

Tata Sons Private Limited

Promoter:

Managing Director & CEO

Head - Taxation, Legal & Company Secretary

Membership Number : 38730

Place : Mumbai

Place : Mumbai

Place : Mumbai

Date : 26 April, 2023

Date : 26 April, 2023:

Managing Director & CEO

Head - Taxation, Legal & Company Secretary

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: 26 April, 2023:

