letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this report.

‘Annexure A’

To,

The Members

Alfred Herbert (India) Limited

My report of even date is to be read along with this: letter.

It is the management’s responsibility to identify corporate and other laws, rules, regulations, standards, guidelines and

directions which are applicable to the Company depending upon the industry in which it operates and to comply and maintain

those records in letter and in spirit. My examination was limited to the veriication of procedures on test basis. My responsibility

is to express an opinion on these Secretarial records based on my audit.

I have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness

of the contents of the Secretarial records. The veriication was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are relected in

secretarial records. I believe that the processes and practices I followed provide a reasonable basis for my opinion.

I have not veriied the correctness and appropriateness of inancial records and books of Accounts of the Company.

Where ever required, I have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations

and happening of events etc.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the eficacy or effectiveness

with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

CS MADHURI PANDEY

Practicing Company Secretary

Membership No: F11975

Place: Kolkata

C. P. No.: 21988

Date: 19.05.2023

UDIN No. F011975E000337806

letter dated 30th May, 2022.

2. This report contains details of compliance of conditions

of corporate governance by Alfred Herbert India Limited

(‘the Company’) for the year ended 31st March, 2023

as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27, clause (b) to (i) of

regulation 46 (2) and paragraphs C, D and E of Schedule

V of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 as amended from time to time (‘Listing Regulations’)

pursuant to the Listing Agreement of the Company with

the Bombay Stock Exchange Limited (hereinafter referred

to as the ‘Stock exchange’).

Management’s Responsibility for compliance with the

conditions of Listing Regulations

3. The compliance with the terms and conditions contained

in the corporate governance as stipulated under the listing

regulations is the responsibility of the Management of

the Company including the preparation and maintenance

of all relevant supporting records and documents. This

responsibility includes the design, implementation and

maintenance of internal control and procedures to

ensure the compliance with the conditions of Corporate

Governance stipulated in the Listing Regulations.

Auditor’s Responsibility

4. Our examination was limited to procedures and

implementation thereof adopted by the Company for

ensuring the compliance of the conditions of Corporate

Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of

opinion on the inancial statements of the Company.

5. Pursuant to the requirements of the Listing Regulations,

it is our responsibility to provide a reasonable assurance

whether the Company has complied with the conditions

of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the Listing

Regulations for the year ended 31st March, 2023.

6. We conducted our examination in accordance with the

Guidance Note on Reports or Certiicates for Special

Purposes (Revised 2016) (the ‘Guidance Note’) issued by

the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (‘ICAI’).

The Guidance Note requires that we comply with the

ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by ICAI.

7. We have complied with the relevant applicable

requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1,

Quality Control for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews

of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance

and Related Services Engagements.

Opinion

8. In our opinion, and to the best of our information and

according to explanations given to us, we certify that the

Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate

Governance as stipulated in the above-mentioned Listing

Regulations.

9. We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as

to the future viability of the Company nor the eficiency or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted

the affairs of the Company.

A Restriction on use

10. The certiicate is addressed and provided to the members

of the Company solely for the purpose to enable the

Company to comply with the requirement of the Listing

Regulations, and it should not be used by any other

person or for any other purpose. Accordingly, we do

not accept or assume any liability or any duty of care for

any other purpose or to any other person to whom this

certiicate is shown or into whose hands it may come

without our prior consent in writing.

For A L P S & CO.

Chartered Accountants

Firm’s ICAI Regn. No. 313132E

(A.K.KHETAWAT)

Kolkata

Partner

Dated: 19th May, 2023

M. No. 052751

UDIN: 23052751BGQJKQ7115

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT ON COMPLIANCE WITH

THE CONDITIONS OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AS PER PROVISIONS OF CHAPTER IV OF

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE BOARD OF INDIA (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND

DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015, AS AMENDED:

