letter of credits, bank

guarantees, foreign exchange,

derivatives, cash management

services and commercial cards.

Retail Banking

Our retail franchise is focused

on deepening our connect with

individuals, small businesses

and Bharat customers by

offering innovative products and

transformation initiatives, through our

branches and mobile app.

Products and services

Loans, savings and retail term

deposits, credit, debit and forex

cards, bill payment services, wealth

management and third-party products

distribution such as life and non-life

insurance, mutual funds, government

bonds, etc.

21%

Growth

in CASA y-o-y

58%

Growth in Burgundy

Private AUM y-o-y

22%

Growth in Retail

loan book y-o-y

K2,955 crores

Total investments

in subsidiaries

K6,409 crores

Combined net worth of

domestic subsidiaries

K1,304 crores

Combined net profit of

domestic subsidiaries

One Axis

Under the ‘One Axis’ umbrella, we

provide comprehensive products

and solutions through our business

segments and subsidiaries

Products and services

Investments, broking, asset

management, insurance, MSME

digital invoice discounting platform,

trustee services and payments in

addition to services provided by

banking segments.

24%

Growth in Domestic

Corporate loans y-o-y

38 %

Growth in Mid-corporate

book y-o-y

23%

Growth in SME loan

book y-o-y

Integrated Business Lines

Read more on pg 42

Read more on pg 48

Read more on pg 56

What’s New?

Our new 'Priority' and 'Silver

Linings' product propositions

focus on lifestyle, travel, health

and investment benefits.

We have also launched new

co-branded credit cards with

Samsung and Indian Oil.

Above are standalone figures as on/for

year ended March 31, 2023 unless otherwise mentioned

Welcome to Axis Bank

5:

Dear Shareholders,

With our ‘dil se open’ approach to

serving the needs and aspirations

of our customers, we at Axis Bank

believe that we will win when our

customers and stakeholders win.

‘Open’ has been the driving force

behind our GPS journey. We have

now created a strong platform with

multiplicative forces through our

One Axis approach along with the

unification of digital platforms,

partnerships and transformational

projects to win across businesses.

MD & CEO's Statement

Annual Report 2022-23

16:

Letter of Credit/

Bank Guarantee

• Bill/ Invoice

Discounting

• Current Accounts

• Correspondent

Banking

• Custodial Services

Retail

• Wealth Management

–Burgundy /

Burgundy Private

• Salary Accounts

of employees

• Payments products –

Credit cards, prepaid

cards, travel cards,

digital wallet

• Insurance and third-

party products

• Retail broking

and advisory

Treasury

• Debt Capital

Markets (DCM)

• Equity Capital

Markets (ECM)

• M&A & Advisory

• Forex &

Derivative Solutions

• Investment in

Axis MF

One

Axis

Way Forward

We will continue to offer wider

product propositions and explore

synergies through cross-selling

and upselling. We will also

exploit productivity and process

efficiency including digital prowess

across companies.

K6,850 crores

(33%) Total flows managed

25%

Of total applications

Axis Bank Share

17.8 lakhs

(The highest)

Applications through UPI

Open To Win Together

33:

Letter of Credit advising as well as digital

presentation of underlying trade documents

including invoice & transport document

Above are standalone figures as on/

for year ended March 31, 2023 unless

otherwise mentioned

Performance for the Year

49:

Managing Director

Message from Management – Wholesale Banking

Digital and Customer Centricity.

During the year, we stepped up

growth in the Wholesale Bank with

domestic corporate loan book up

24% led by broad-based growth

across our coverage segments. The

Wholesale Bank’s profitability too

saw strong improvement led by our

focus on driving higher growth in

focus segments, backed by strong risk

architecture and our prudent policies.

Strong Relationship-led Franchise,

Serving Clients Requirements

Across the Capital Structure

We have over the last four years

transitioned the Wholesale Bank

from an asset-focused business

model to a strong relationship-led

franchise, with the improvement

in rating mix and diversification of

book towards well-rated corporates.

Today, we are amongst the best and

most comprehensive Wholesale

Banking franchise, serving our clients

requirements across the capital

structure, be it in the form of term

loans, working capital, domestic, and

offshore bonds or equity.

Over the last few years, we have

significantly reinforced our client

focus in the Wholesale Bank led

by strengthening the organisation

architecture, leadership and coverage

teams. This has meant getting deeper

into certain segments and geographies

to pursue emerging opportunities

In fiscal 2023, we made strong

progress in our medium-term

GPS journey as we stepped

up growth in the Wholesale

Bank and strengthened

our proposition as a strong

relationship-led franchise in

order to deliver profitable and

sustainable outcomes.

Annual Report 2022-23

52:

Managing Director

Performance for the Year

55:

Dear Shareholders,

In fiscal 2023, we continued our

efforts in-line with our GPS (Growth,

Profitability and Sustainability)

strategy that aims to make the Bank

an all-weather franchise, that keeps

customers at its core and remains

ahead of the curve when it comes to

technology. This, we believe will make

our Bank resilient and future-ready.

Towards this aim, we invested heavily

in technology, while leveraging data

and enabling our people with the right

tools to serve our customers better.

Some of our areas of focus include

building digital capabilities, improving

the technology framework, leveraging

advanced analytics, enhancing

customer experience, increasing

‘premiumisation’ of the franchise, and

working to become a corporate citizen

admired by our stakeholders.

I would like to share with you

illustrative details on what we are doing

across focus areas to translate our

strategy into tangible transformation.

Subrat Mohanty

Group Executive – Banking Operations

& Transformation

Message from Management – Operations and Transformation

Building Digital Capabilities

Our digital strategy is focused on

reimagining propositions for our retail

and wholesale customers, along with

empowering employees to effectively

engage with them.

On the retail front, Digital continues

to be an important acquisition and

servicing engine for the Bank with a

share of over 94% in individual financial

transactions, 67% of term deposits

and 81% credit cards issued through

digital/phygital modes. We achieved

these outcomes through our initiatives

driving digital-first products and hyper-

personalisation. We are also leveraging

the tech stacks of agritech and fintech

companies to serve the retail customer

in Bharat.

On the wholesale front, Project NEO

reflects our ambition to build India’s #1

digital corporate Bank. We have made

large investments into this project that

has begun to show early impact.

On the employee front, we have

created ‘Siddhi’, the super app that

empowers Axis employees to engage

seamlessly with customers. All the

capabilities required by employees

are being built into Siddhi and

progressively rolled out to customer-

facing employees across the Bank.

So far, Siddhi has led to ~15%

additional leads generated per day with

>35% higher lead conversions.

Improving the Technology

Framework

With respect to enhancing the

technology framework, our key

priorities have been to achieve faster

time to market, to widely adopt Agile/

DevSecOps, and to invest in the right

team with the right talent.

In order to improve our speed to

market, we launched a wide range of

API banking solutions for our retail and

corporate customers/partners.

We remain committed to our

transformation programme and we

believe that our continued focus

on the GPS strategy will enable us

to achieve sustained, consistent

performance across business

lines, while delivering exceptional

customer experience.

Annual Report 2022-23

60:

letter, and automated account opening

form, it reduces time in pre-screening

and for sanctions and disbursements

thus providing ease of operations

to customer. We are able to reach

and help more clients due to the

CIBIL and Parliamentary standing

committee report, MSMEs' credit

requirement is ₹50 trillion

and credit gap is a whopping

₹20-25 trillion. We have developed an

extensive suite of products to address

customer needs in the segment. Our

one Axis approach and digitisation is

helping us help MSMEs.

digitisation. Our SBB Sankalp project

will further improve efficiencies and

deliver superior TATs by re-imagining

and digitising underwriting systems

and loan disbursals.

retail and corporate customers providing

best-in-class products, services and

advisory in a seamless digital manner.

Read more about Bharat Banking on pg 26

Sustainability Pillars

65:

Managing Director & CEO

Ketaki Bhagwati

Independent Director

Girish Paranjpe

Independent Director

Meena Ganesh

Independent Director

G. Padmanabhan

Independent Director

Rajiv Anand

Deputy: Managing

letter dated 27 March, 2023 has withdrawn the nomination of its nominee director from the Board of the Bank. SUUTI has also

surrendered its right to appoint one nominee director on the Board, requested the Bank (i) to make appropriate amendments to

the Articles of Association of the Bank (AOA) and (ii) to exit SUUTI from “promoter” category and reclassify it to “public” category.

Accordingly, the Board on 27 March, 2023 noted the aforesaid letters and approved the amendment to the Bank’s AOA, limited to

cancellation of nomination rights of SUUTI and other consequential changes thereupon, subject to the approval of the members

of the Bank and Reserve Bank of India (RBI). The members of the Bank vide postal ballot on 28 April, 2023 have approved the

amendment to the AOA of the Bank. The approval of RBI on amendment to the AOA is awaited, as on the date of this report.

Further, the Board at its meeting held on 28 April, 2023 has approved the request of SUUTI for reclassification, subject to approval

of the stock exchanges. Since SUUTI does not hold any equity shares in the Bank, the provisions of Regulation 31A(3)(a)(iii) of the

SEBI Listing Regulations with respect to approval of the members are not applicable. The application to the stock exchanges will

be made within the prescribed timelines.

Deposits

Being a banking company, the disclosures relating to deposits as required under Rule 8(5)(v) & (vi) of the Companies (Accounts)

Rules, 2014, read with Sections 73 and 74 of the Act, are not applicable to the Bank.

Change in the nature of business

During fiscal 2023, there has been no change in the nature of business of the Bank.

Material changes and commitments affecting the financial position of the Bank

There were no material changes and commitments affecting the financial position of the Bank, between the end of the fiscal year

of the Bank to which the financial statements relate and up to the date of this report.:

letter dated 24 June, 2022 has approved the re-appointment of Rajiv Anand as the Deputy: Managing Director of the

Bank, for a further period of three years, with effect from 4 August, 2022 up to 3 August, 2025 (both days inclusive). Further, RBI

vide its letter dated 12 July, 2022 has approved the re-appointment of Rakesh Makhija as Non-Executive (Part-Time)

Managing Director of the Bank. A progress report on the status of

lnd AS implementation in the Bank is presented to the ACB and the Board on a quarterly basis.:

managing director & CEO, whole-time directors, material risk takers, control function staff and other

employees (policies), in terms of the relevant provisions of Section 178 of the Act, the relevant rules made thereunder, the SEBI

Listing Regulations and guidelines/circulars issued by the RBI.

The details of the said policies have been provided in the report on corporate governance, which forms part of this annual

report. The said policies are available on the website of the Bank at https://www.axisbank.com/shareholders-corner/corporate-

governance in terms of the SEBI Listing Regulations.

Share based employee benefits

Axis Bank employee stock option scheme, 2000-01

The Bank has formulated and adopted Axis Bank employee stock option scheme, 2000-01 (ESOS) for the eligible employees of

the Bank and that of its subsidiary companies, in terms of the regulations / guidelines issued by the Securities and Exchange Board

of India (SEBI).

The members of the Bank vide postal ballot on 16 January, 2023 have approved certain amendment to ESOS in order to extend

the benefits of ESOS to all eligible employees of the present / future associate companies. These amendments are not prejudicial

to the interests of the employees.

Axis Bank employees stock unit scheme, 2022

In order to act as a retention mechanism, usher in an ‘owner-manager’ culture, align the interest of the key executives / employees

with that of the members in driving long-term value creation for the Bank, achieve greater synergy between the Bank and its

subsidiary and associate companies and enable employees to participate in the long-term growth and the Bank’s financial success,

the Bank has formulated and adopted Axis Bank employees stock unit scheme, 2022 (ESUS) for eligible employees of the Bank /

its subsidiaries and associates in terms of the regulations / guidelines issued by the SEBI, which was approved by the members of

the Bank vide postal ballot on 16 January, 2023.

The aforesaid ESOS and ESUS are in compliance with the SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations,

2021 (SEBI (SBEB and SE) Regulations 2021). A certificate from the secretarial auditor of the Bank that the ESOS and ESUS have

been implemented in accordance with the SEBI Regulations and in accordance with the resolutions passed by the members of the

Bank, will be placed at the 29th AGM of the Bank.

Disclosure as mandated under the provisions of Regulation 14 of the SEBI (SBEB and SE) Regulations 2021, is available on the

website of the Bank at https://www.axisbank.com/shareholders-corner/corporate-governance/compliance-report .

Particulars of employees

The information required pursuant to Section 197 read with Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of

Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, as amended, in respect of directors / employees of the Bank, is attached as Annexure 1

to this report.

In terms of Section 197(12) of the Act, read with Rule 5(2) and 5(3) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of

Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, a statement showing the names and other particulars of the employees drawing remuneration

in excess of limits set out in said rules forms part of this annual report.

In accordance with the provisions of Section 136(1) of the Act, the annual report excluding the aforesaid information, is being sent

to the members of the Bank and others entitled thereto. The said information is available for inspection by the members at the

registered office of the Bank during business hours of the Bank up to the date of the ensuing AGM.

Any member interested in obtaining a copy thereof, may write to the company secretary of the Bank at its registered office or at

shareholders@axisbank.com.

Information under the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013

The Bank has formulated and adopted a policy on prevention of sexual harassment of women at workplace. The Bank has complied

with the provisions relating to the constitution of internal committee under the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace

(Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013. The information relating to complaints received and redressed during fiscal

2023 is provided in the report on corporate governance, which forms part of this annual report.:

Managing Director & CEO

101.63

5%

Rajiv Anand(1)

Deputy: Managing

letter for cancellation of right to appoint one nominee director on the Board from

Administrator of the Specified Undertaking of the Unit Trust of India (“SUUTI”) dated 27 March, 2023. The same

was approved by the Board of Directors on 27 March, 2023 and the Bank has issued postal ballot notice dated

27 March, 2023 for seeking approval of shareholders for amendment to AOA for cancellation of nomination rights of

SUUTI and other consequential changes thereupon, subject to the approval of the RBI. In the said: letter, SUUTI had

also requested its re-classification to “Public” category from “Promoter” category, which was approved by the Board

of

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Bank. Our responsibility is to express an

opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts

are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis

for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Bank.

4.

Where ever required, we have obtained the management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations

and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility

of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Bank nor of the efficacy or effectiveness

with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Bank.

For Bhandari & Associates

Company Secretaries

Firm Registration No: P1981MH043700

S. N. Bhandari

Partner

FCS No: 761; C P No.: 366

UDIN: F000761E000213589

Place: Mumbai

Date: 28 April, 2023:

Managing Director

4

4

(iii)

Meena Ganesh

Independent Director

4

4

(iv)

Prof S. Mahendra Dev1

Independent Director

2

2

1. Appointed as Member with effect from 20 October, 2022.

3.

Provide the web-link(s) where composition of CSR Committee, CSR policy and CSR projects approved by the Board

are disclosed on the website of the company: https://www.axisbank.com/csr/social-responsibility

4.

Provide the executive summary along with web-link(s) of impact assessment of CSR projects carried out in pursuance

of sub-rule (3) of rule 8, if applicable:

In pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 8, impact assessment by a third party was conducted during the year for one project i.e.

financial literacy program. A summary of the assessment is provided below, and the assessment has been provided on the

Bank’s website at https://www.axisbank.com/csr/social-responsibility.

The program is aimed at promoting financial literacy and raising awareness about health among economically poor women,

through the use of topical videos, with the training programs available to all women in the locality where they are conducted.

In fiscal 2021, close to one million women took part in the training sessions. The impact assessment of the project was

carried out through an extensive survey conducted between January and February, 2023.

The survey found that 98% of the women participants who had seen the modules on financial Iiteracy under the program

remembered having watched it, compared to only 5% of the respondents in the control group who had attended any

training program on financial literacy. The video had a positive impact on the participants’ attitude, with 88% stating that

they thought financial planning, saving and investing are important to meet the long-term goals of their family as compared

to 68% of the respondents in the control group. Additionally, 75% of the participants have stated that they track their

household incomes and expenditures as compared to 36% of the control group respondents.

A significantly higher proportion of participants at 55% have stated that they have obtained the services of business

correspondents (Bank Sakhis) as compared to 35% of the control group respondents. The participants group had 23% of

respondents investing in fixed deposits compared to 14% in the control group, and 26% investing in recurring deposits

Annexure 4

ANNUAL REPORT ON CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR) ACTIVITIES

[As prescribed under Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility

Policy) Rules, 2014]:

Managing Director & CEO

Place: Mumbai

Date: 28 April, 2023:

letter, automated

account opening form etc.

Relationship Managers are supported through digitally enabled data insights and alerts to enable supporting the customers with

the right timely solution.

The asset quality in the CBG segment remains stable as a result of continuous monitoring of exposure through usage of various

Early Warning Systems. The net NPA in SME segment stood at 0.33% with provision coverage ratio of 71% as of 31 March,2023.

Wholesale Banking Products

The Bank has strengthened its proposition as a Transaction Bank of Choice across Current Account, Cash Management,

Trade & Supply Chain Finance, Capital Markets and Custody and gained market share. Our focus has been on providing

differentiated, integrated product propositions to our clients across corporate, commercial banking, financial institutions, and

government segment.

One of the key GPS focus areas for the Wholesale Bank has been to lead with Digital. Neo from Axis Bank is the branding under

which it is being delivered. The umbrella of initiatives under Neo from Axis Bank have been designed keeping in mind the evolving

customer preferences, the ecosystem evolution and the need to be benchmarked against the global best-in-class propositions.

The product and channel roadmap covers APIs, Corporate Internet Banking and Mobile App, Host to Host integration

and Partnerships.

Cash Management

The Bank offers comprehensive cash management solutions across all segments. Notable amongst the differentiated product

propositions launched this year is “Axis Receivables Suite (ARS)”. Using ARS, Axis Bank clients can automate their collections and

optimise their working capital. The Bank has also implemented new payment hub for handling the fast-growing NEFT volumes of

API Banking customers thereby making them and us future ready.

The Bank is progressively increasing its market share in Bharat Bill Payment System (BBPS) ecosystem & has been amongst the

first bank to launch B2B category in BBPS. The Bank continues its leadership position in terms of number of biller onboarding

and highest number of transactions amongst private banks & has been leading the way for adding new category of billings like

insurance, dairy and piloting new initiatives with NPCI, billers & fintech partners. The Bank has won a DigiDhan Award 2021-22

for the maximum on-boarding of billers on BBPS platform.

Trade and Supply Chain Finance

The Bank offers a complete suite of Trade and Supply Chain Finance products and solutions – for both domestic as well as

international trade. These solutions are offered via various digital channels and through our branch network. Dedicated team of

product specialists – both in Sales, Product and Operations support clients across Exports, Imports, Bank Guarantees, Working

Capital Optimisation, Liquidity & Risk Management solutions.

Some key initiatives launched and being scaled up are:

•

e-BG execution through NeSL

•

Cross border payments & LC issuances initiated by corporates through SWIFT India

•

Integrated Supply Chain Finance

The Bank is working closely with the Government e-Marketplace (GeM) to offer automated solutions for advising electronic

performance guarantees to Government departments /organizations /PSUs and facilitating BG issuances by suppliers on GeM.

Current Account

The Bank’s focus on becoming the Transaction Bank of choice resulted in the current account balances growing 17% during the

year. The Bank had launched onboarding journeys using TAB, SMART Form and web links to increase the digital penetration.

Launch of digital current account proposition for merchants, newly incorporated customers and specific industry-based

propositions for Pharma, Textile and Agriculture are helping us become the Transaction Bank of choice.:

letter length.

C.

Enabling employees to engage with customers: Providing a great customer experience requires empowering, motivated

colleagues with the time and capability to engage in deep, meaningful conversations with customers.

For example, the Bank has completely digitised the way of working for frontline employees through analytics driven, mobility

app. This platform has key features such as customer 360 view, simplified product journeys, action-oriented analysis of

entire portfolio, contextual nudges continuously optimised through machine learning. This platform is live for Premium

Banking frontline employees and at different stages of implementation for other business functions within the Bank.

The Bank has freed up employees’ time by eliminating operational activities and digitising key processes. Wholesale Banking

Relationship Managers and branch colleagues, for instance, now have additional time to spend understanding their clients’

needs and designing and delivering the right solutions

D.

Transforming core operations that support all customer experiences: The Bank continues its journey to transform core

operations this year through a digital-first approach by incorporating emerging and trending technologies into its core

operations. Leveraging intelligent automation (Robotic Process Automation, Intelligent Optical Character Recognition),

analytics (e.g. route optimisation for cash handling) and digitisation in addition to core simplification and process re-

engineering, processes continue to become more efficient, effective and scalable.

As a means of scaling up further, the Bank will use Cognitive Bots to make decisions and reduce processing times, Intelligent

Document Processing for unstructured documents for a paperless environment along with conversational AI for risk-free

& effective customer communication.

Customer Obsession - “SPARSH”

The Bank continues its multi-year customer obsession journey of Sparsh as part of its distinctiveness initiative. It is a strategically

prioritized program, with focus on driving cultural transformation and crafting customer delight journeys in order to build

customer experience as a true differentiator for the Bank and ultimately drive customer loyalty.

Sparsh behaviours framework advocates staff to deeply embed basic but critical behaviours while handling customers like seek

feedback in every interaction, close loop with unhappy or detractor customers. Various rituals are designed and launched to

ensure uniformity of these behaviours leading to uniform experience at various customer touch points. These behaviours are

monitored and governed in order to build mass movement and focused efforts have been taken for large channels like Branches,

Relationship Managers and Inbound voice channel.

The Bank continues to strengthen and build more granular measurements of the critical metrics which captures customer voices,

like NPS (Net Promoter Scores), complaints, social media sentiments and various operational process efficiency metrics. NPS is

measured for all important journeys of the Bank. Under Sparsh framework, efforts are being taken to fix hygiene and also build

tentpoles at the same time. Structural work to improve customer experience through combined approach of people behaviours

and process capabilities has led to improvement which is evident and validated through improving Net Promoter Scores.

Business Intelligence Unit

The Banks’ Business Intelligence Unit (BIU) team has the mandate to create data assets and monetize them via various business

decisions and strategies. The team has numerous success stories in the areas of risk management, marketing, product innovation

and operational optimization. These use cases span across diverse business areas of the Bank including retail lending, credit cards,

retail deposits, wholesale banking products, commercial banking group, operations etc

There are over 650 members in the team who are young and techno-functional with an expertise in data engineering, data science

algorithms and quantitative approaches.

The Bank has invested in new age data science and engineering platforms – Big Data Lake, Micro Services-based architecture,

and Analytical Work Bench to deliver value in traditional/non-traditional use cases. There has been upward trend in the adoption

rate of these platforms. The Bank’s focus on Artificial Intelligence (AI) & Machine Learning (ML) along with traditional analytics

has helped internal stakeholders to make data driven business decisions.

During the year, the BIU team has deployed 100+ diverse use cases in 10+ business domains helping significantly contribute to

our GPS agenda. We have continued the journey of “to be distinctive” by taking personalization to next level with on-ground

implementation, deliver data stack 3.0 with scaled up use cases and enabling universal underwriting goals via alternate data with

the objective of creating differentiated customer experiences in line with the Bank’s focus on customer obsession & going digital.

Data stack 3.0 is the modern and scalable architecture which will help us in deploying 1,000+ use cases. The Bank also focused

on creating new age digital solutions by leveraging on partnerships with E-commerce and FinTech companies. It has improved

customer underwriting by using various alternate data sources such as Satellite-image derived farmland data, payments score:

Managing Director & CEO (MD & CEO) reports to the Board of the Bank. The Deputy: Managing

letter of appointment setting out the terms and conditions

relating to their appointment and their duties and responsibilities under applicable laws. The format of said: letter is

also uploaded on the website of the Bank at https://www.axisbank.com/shareholders-corner/corporate-governance .

B.

Familiarization program for directors

The Bank conducts familiarisation programs for its directors including independent directors covering the matters as

specified under Regulation 25(7) of the SEBI Listing Regulations. The details of the same have been uploaded on the

website of the Bank at https://www.axisbank.com/shareholders-corner/corporate-governance/compliance-report.

C.

Continuous education and learning (CELP)

CELP includes training programs / sessions, conducted by reputed consulting firms / experts, with in-depth expertise

in various areas taking into account the business requirement of the Bank, the existing skill sets of the directors and

recommendations made by them.

During fiscal 2023, the Bank arranged following training programs for the Board, through internal/external speakers:

Sr.

no.

Details of programme

1.

Changing regulatory framework for financial sector

2.

Disruptive trends in financial services industry

3.

Global economic outlook & geo-political events: Impact on India & banking

4.

Setting and maintaining effective board - CEO & top management relationships along with effective ways to handle post-

merger and integration challenges

5.

Innovation & transformation

6.

Emerging innovations in business models

7.

ESG & climate change (only for ESG committee members)

8.

Emerging innovations in business models

9.

Emerging risks – cyber security

10.

Master class on KYC / AML

During fiscal 2023, the Board also reviewed and approved amendments to the policy, in line with the extant laws.

A summary of the above policies is, as under:

Succession

Planning

Policy

Review succession

planning needs and

identify candidates to fill

vacancy that may arise

Policy on

Fit &

Proper Criteria

Assess suitability of

candidates under the fit

and proper norms

Policy on

Board Diversity

Ensure new

appointments facilitate

Board diversity

Policy on

Training

Conduct induction,

familarization and

continuous education

and learning

programs for

Managing Director

5/5

CH SS Mallikarjunarao4

Independent Director

2/2

Amitabh Chaudhrary5@: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

5/5

Girish Parajnpe@

Independent Director

4/5

G. Padmanabhan

Independent Director

5/5

Manoj Kohli1@

Independent director

0/1

@

Leave of absence was granted to the concerned Director who had expressed his inability to attend the respective

meeting.

1

Appointed as a member with effect from 20 October, 2022.

Quorum

Three members. At least half of the members attending the meeting of the RMC shall be independent directors,

of which at least one member shall have professional expertise / qualification in risk management.

Brief description of

the charter

(i)

Framing and governing of the risk strategy and approving and reviewing the risk appetite of the Bank.

(ii)

Ensuring that sound policies, procedures and practices are in place to manage its risks.

(iii)

Establishing a framework to set and monitor limits across risk categories such as credit risk, market risk,

operational risk etc. in order to ensure that the risk profile is adequately diversified.

(iv)

To review the risk management plan with respect to cyber security and monitor the implementation of

the measures recommended by the IT & Digital Strategy Committee of the Bank, to mitigate any risk

arising therefrom.

(v)

Review the appointment, removal and terms of remuneration of the chief risk officer (CRO) of the Bank.

The CRO reports to the MD & CEO of the Bank. The CRO is independent of the business lines and is actively

involved in key decision-making processes that impact the risk profile of the Bank. The CRO also meets the RMC

without the presence of executives of the Bank. The Bank has a policy defining the roles and responsibilities of

the CRO, in line with the guidelines issued by the RBI.

Meetings

During fiscal 2023, five meetings of the RMC were held i.e. on 25 April, 2022, 14 June, 2022, 21 July, 2022,

18 October, 2022 and 20 January, 2023.

4.

Stakeholders Relationship Committee

Composition and

attendance

The Stakeholders Relationship Committee (SRC) comprises of four members out of which three are independent

directors.

Name of the members

Designation

Attendance

Manoj Kohli, Chairperson1

Independent Director

0/0

S. Vishvanathan2

Independent Director

2/2

Rajiv Anand

Deputy: Managing

Managing Director & CEO, other whole-time directors,

(vii) Senior management and eligible employees of the subsidiary companies of the bank, in terms of the

employees stock option scheme formulated and adopted by the Bank under the relevant provisions of

the SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021, as amended, from time to

time.

(viii) To review adequacy and appropriateness of HR strategy of the Bank in the broader areas of code of

conduct, culture and ethics, conflict of interest, succession planning, talent management, performance

management, and remuneration and HR risk management.

Meetings

During fiscal 2023, ten meetings of NRC were held on 25 April, 2022, 29 April, 2022, 17 June, 2022,

15 July, 2022, 26 July, 2022, 23 September, 2022, 19 October, 2022, 5 December, 2022, 22 January, 2023 and

24 March, 2023.:

Managing Director & CEO

4/4

Prof. S. Mahendra Dev

Independent Director

4/4

P. N. Prasad3

Independent Director

1/1

1

Appointed as a chairperson, with effect from 11 February, 2023.

2

Ceased to be a member and chairperson with effect from 11 February, 2023.

3

Appointed as a member with effect from 11 February, 2023.

Quorum

Three members with at least one being a non-executive director.

Brief description of

the charter

(i)

The major functions of the LVF is to monitor and oversee effective investigation of frauds of ` 10 million

and above (Rupees one crore and above), so as to:

(a) To review the instances of large value frauds of ` 10 million and above (Rupees one crore and above),

details of which shall be circulated to the committee immediately on detection.

(b) Identify the systemic lacunae, if any that facilitated perpetration of the fraud and put in place

measures to plug the same;

(c) Identify the reasons for delay, in detection, if any, and reporting to top management of the Bank and

RBI;

(d) Monitor progress of CBI/Police investigation and recovery position;

(e) Ensure that staff accountability is examined at all levels in all the cases of frauds and staff side

action, if required, is completed quickly without loss of time;

(f)

Review the efficacy of the remedial action taken to prevent recurrence of frauds, such as,

strengthening of internal controls;

(g) Put in place other measures as may be considered relevant to strengthen preventive measures

against frauds.

(ii)

To review the reporting of all identified accounts to Central Fraud Monitoring Cell, RBI as per existing cut-

offs and to review reporting of all accounts beyond ` 30 million (Rupees three crores and above) classified

as RFA or ‘frauds’ on the Central Repository of Information on Large Credits (CRILC) data platform with

the dates on which the accounts were classified as such as per the existing cut-offs along with the synopsis

of the remedial action taken in respect thereof and their current status.

Meetings

During fiscal 2023, four meetings of LVF were held on 10 June, 2022, 7 September, 2022, 8 December, 2022

and 18 March, 2023.

7.

Customer Service Committee

Composition and

attendance

The Customer Service Committee (CSC) comprises of four members out of which two are independent

directors:

Name of the members

Designation

Attendance

G Padmanabhan, Chairperson

Independent Director

4/4

Amitabh Chaudhry@: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

4/4

Manoj Kohli3

Independent Director

2/2

CH SS Mallikarjunarao4

Independent Director

1/1

S. Vishvanathan5

Independent Director

3/3

@

Leave of absence was granted to the concerned director who had expressed his inability to attend the respective

meeting.

1

Appointed as a chairperson with effect from 20 October, 2022.

2

Appointed as a chairperson with effect from 27 May, 2022 and ceased to be a member and chairperson with

effect from 20 October, 2022.

3

Appointed as a member with effect from 20 October, 2022.

4

Appointed as a member with effect from 11 February, 2023.

5

Ceased to be a member with effect from 11 February, 2023.

Quorum

Three members or 1/3rd of total strength of ITDSC, whichever is higher.

Brief description of

the charter

(i)

Approving IT Strategy and policies and ensuring that IT strategy is aligned with business strategy.

(ii)

Review of IT and cyber security Incidents.

(iii)

Ensure that IT architecture, investment, organizational structure, resources and performance

measurement parameters are geared to deliver business value and contribute to the Bank’s growth.

(iv)

Assessing and reviewing the strategy for addressing IT and cyber security risks.

(v)

Exercise oversight to ensure effective functioning of the IT operations of the Bank.

(vi)

Review the business continuity plan (BCP) / disaster recovery (DR) plan of the Bank and exercise

oversight over the efficacy of the BCP / DR process adopted by the Bank and recommend measures for

its improvement.

(vii)

Review the progress made by the Bank on the digital banking front.

Meetings

During fiscal 2023, four meetings of ITDSC were held on 10 June, 2022, 13 September, 2022, 13 December,

2022 and 14 March, 2023.:

Managing Director

4/4

Meena Ganesh

Independent Director

4/4

Prof S. Mahendra Dev1

Independent Director

2/2

1

Appointed as a member with effect from 20 October, 2022.

Quorum

Three members or 1/3rd of the total strength of the CSR Committee, whichever is higher.

Brief description of

the charter

(i)

Formulate and recommend to the Board, the CSR Strategy, themes, focus areas and review mechanism

including the CSR policy of the Bank.

(ii)

Review and approve, the CSR projects/programs to be undertaken by the Bank either directly or through

Axis Bank Foundation (ABF) or through implementation partners as deemed suitable, during the fiscal

year and specify modalities for its execution and implementation schedules for the same, in terms of the

CSR policy of the Bank.

(iii)

Review and approve the funds to be allocated for the CSR projects / programmes to be undertaken by

the Bank during the fiscal year, in terms of the CSR policy of the Bank, subject to compliance with Section

135(5) of the Act.

(iv)

Review implementation of the CSR policy and AAP, such that the CSR project(s)/ program(s) that are

being proposed to be undertaken are aligned to the Bank's social, environmental and economic activities

to the extent possible.

Meetings

During fiscal 2023, four meetings of CSR Committee were held on 9 June, 2022, 7 September, 2022,

6 December, 2022 and 10 March, 2023.

10.

Review Committee

Composition and

attendance

The Review Committee (RC) comprises of three members, out of which two are independent directors.

Name of the members

Designation

Attendance

Amitabh Chaudhry, Chairperson: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

4/4

Meena Ganesh

Independent Director

4/4

Ashish Kotecha@

Nominee Director

2/4

@ Leave of absence was granted to the concerned director who had expressed his inability to attend the respective

meeting.

Quorum

Three members or 1/3rd of the total strength of the ADAM, whichever is higher.

Brief description of

the charter

(i)

The objective of the committee is to consider any proposals relating to mergers, acquisitions and strategic

investments and divestments and recommend/ approve them in terms of the charter.

(ii)

Acquisition of business: business takeover / acquisition as distinct from portfolio or asset purchase (If

the purchase of a portfolio is accompanied by other integral elements of the business such as manpower,

technology or a distribution franchise, a reference should be made to the committee).

(iii)

Strategic investments: acquisition of greater than 25% stake in a company or acquisition of stake in a

company where the proportion is 25% or lower but where the Bank intends to have management

participation. Equity / equity linked investment in a company / subsidiary company (under delegated

authority of the Board) if the overall amount is in excess of ` 500 crores. (These excludes cases where the

stake is acquired under a loan- restructuring / CDR arrangement or where shares are pledged to the Bank

against credit facilities).

(iv)

Strategic divestments: Sale of an existing business of the Bank (as distinct from the sale of assets in the

normal course of business, sale to ARCs and fixed assets) or sale of greater than 25% stake in a company /

subsidiary company of the Bank and equity / equity linked divestment in a company / subsidiary company

if the overall amount is in excess of ` 500 crores.

Meetings

During fiscal 2023, four meetings of ADAM were held i.e. on 15 October, 2022, 26 October, 2022, 6 January,

2022 and 17 March, 2023.

12.

Committee of Whole-time Directors

Composition and

attendance

The Committee of Whole-time Directors (COWTD) comprises of two members.

Name of the members

Designation

Attendance

Amitabh Chaudhry, Chairperson: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

4/4

Ketaki Bhagwati

Independent Director

4/4

Ashish Kotecha@

Nominee Director

3/4

G. Padmanabhan1

Independent Director

2/2

@ Leave of absence was granted to the concerned Director who had expressed his inability to attend the respective

meeting.

1

Appointed as a member with effect from 20 October, 2022

Quorum

Three members or 1/3rd of the total strength of the ESG Committee, whichever is higher.

Brief description of

the charter

(i)

To guide and assist in setting the Bank’s general strategy with respect to ESG matters.

(ii)

To consider and bring to the attention of the Board and/or management, current, and emerging ESG

topics that may be material to the Bank or its stakeholders.

(iii)

To take note and advise the Board or management, as appropriate, on any significant stakeholder concerns

relating to ESG matters.

(iv)

To review the Bank’s ESG-aligned strategy, policies, practices, and disclosures for consistency with

respect to applicable regulations.

(v)

To advise and assist the management in the adoption of ESG performance metrics, targets, and other such

commitments, and monitor the Bank’s progress.

Meetings

During fiscal 2023, four meetings of the ESG Committee were held on 7 June, 2022, 9 September, 2022,

7 December, 2022 and 10 March, 2023.

Management Committee

The Management Committee (MANCOM) has been constituted as part of the governance and administrative structure

of the Bank. The MANCOM comprises of MD & CEO, Deputy MD, group executives and head – human resources, as

appointed from time to time.

The MANCOM meets regularly to review matters, inter alia, relating to business strategy & performance, financial reports

& integrity, risk, compliance, customer experience & marketing, financial inclusion, human capital and any other matters

considered important by the committee including those specified under various policies of the Bank.

Separate meeting of independent directors

During fiscal 2023, the independent directors of the Bank met on 28 April, 2022, 25 July, 2022 and 20 October, 2022

without the presence of executive directors and other members of management. During these meetings, the independent

directors reviewed, inter alia, the outcome of Board performance evaluation as per the criteria recommended by the NRC

and other governance related matters.

Thereafter, the independent directors at its meeting held on 27 April, 2023, evaluated the performance of the non-

independent directors, the Board as a whole, the chairperson of the Bank after taking into account the views of the

executive and non-executive directors and assessed the quality, quantity and timeliness of flow of information between

the management and the Board, in accordance with Para VII to Schedule IV of the Act.

V.

BOARD PERFORMANCE EVALUATION

The Bank believes that the annual performance evaluation of the Board plays a vital role in enhancing the Board’s

effectiveness. The performance evaluation of Board, its committees, chairperson and individual directors was done in

compliance with the provisions of the Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations.

As has been the practice, the NRC as the nodal agency finalized the parameters, methodology and mechanism for

conducting the Board performance evaluation for fiscal 2023. Online questionnaires were deployed for evaluation of the

following parameters::

Managing Director & CEO and Deputy: Managing

letter dated 28 April, 2020 issued an administrative warning for not intimating SEBI on appointment of

compliance officer (merchant banking) and that the compliance officer did not have the required NISM certification,

as observed during the inspection of the Bank as ‘merchant banker’. The Bank has appointed new compliance officer

(merchant banking) who has the required NISM certification. The same has been informed to SEBI.

(ii)

SEBI vide its: letter dated 28 December, 2020, observed delay in making disclosures by the Bank under the Insider

Trading Regulations and in this regard has informed the Bank that the matter has been viewed seriously and has

warned the Bank to be careful in future to avoid recurrence of such instances and to be more cautious in filing

disclosures, failing which action may be initiated in accordance with the provisions of the SEBI Act, 1992 and rules

and regulations framed thereunder.

letter for contravention with Regulation 31(2)(a), 32(1) of SEBI (FPI)

Regulations, 2019 and for contravention with para 2.3 of SEBI Circular CIR/IMD/FIIC/09/2014 dated 28 April, 2014.

The Bank has submitted its response on 25 February, 2021.

(v)

The Bank received a show cause notice (SCN) from SEBI vide e-mail dated 3 March, 2021, issued under Rule 4 of the

SEBI (Procedure for Holding inquiry and imposing penalties) Rules, 1995. As per the Regulation 27 of SEBI (Merchant

Bankers) Regulations, 1992, the merchant banker is required to submit to SEBI complete particulars of any transaction

for acquisition of securities of any body-corporate whose issue is being managed by that merchant banker within

15 days from the date of entering into such transaction. The internal audit department (IAD), while conducting the audit

of debt capital markets (DCM) department observed that the Bank had inadvertently failed to report transactions

as required under Regulation 27 of SEBI (Merchant Bankers) Regulations, 1992. The Bank vide its e-mail dated

30 December, 2019 informed SEBI about the inadvertent non-reporting.

The Bank had submitted response to SCN vide e-mail dated 16 March, 2021. Further, at the hearing conducted on 26

April, 2021, through video conference with respect to the adjudication proceedings the Bank was granted time till

4 May, 2021 to make additional submissions in the matter. Basis the response to the SCN and submissions made by

the Bank during personal hearing, the adjudicating officer observed that the Bank had failed to comply with the SEBI

regulations for three years (August, 2016 to August, 2019). However, he also noted that :

•

The Bank observed the irregularities and informed SEBI.

•

No investor complaints were received due to this irregularity.

•

The Bank has taken necessary corrective steps to avoid recurrence of such lapses.

Considering these facts, the adjudicating officer has imposed a penalty of ` 5 lacs on the Bank.

(vi)

SEBI carried out inspection of the custodian activities of the Bank for fiscal 2019 and issued administrative warning

and deficiency: letter for contravention with clauses 1, 2, 3 and 10 of the code of conduct prescribed at Regulation 12

of the SEBI (Custodian) Regulations, 1996. The Bank has submitted its response on 6 April, 2021.

(vii)

SEBI had carried out inspection of the DDP activities of the Bank for fiscal 2021. During the inspection, SEBI observed

that the designated Compliance Officer was undertaking operational activity by acting as a checker, there was no

employee other than the Compliance Officer for carrying out DDP operations from April 2021 to June 2021. SEBI

also observed that there were discrepancy in the report of DDP and NSDL, operational manual was not updated,

KYC review was not done for two clients and fees were collected from FPI prior to receipt of application. In view of

the above, SEBI issued an administrative warning on 9 March, 2023, which was received by the Bank on 21 April,

2023. The Bank has taken corrective actions and submitted its response to SEBI on 27 April, 2023.

Certificate on non-disqualification of directors

The Secretarial Auditor has certified that none of the directors of the Bank have been debarred or disqualified from being

appointed or continuing as a director of the Bank by SEBI / Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any other statutory / regulatory

authority. The said certificate is annexed to this report.

Compliance with governance norms

The Bank has complied with all the mandatory requirements, as prescribed under the SEBI Listing Regulations relating to

corporate governance.

Except sending half-yearly financial results to the members, the Bank has adopted all the other non-mandatory requirements

mentioned in Part E of Schedule II of SEBI Listing Regulations, detailed as under:

(i)

Maintenance of Chairperson’s office at the Bank’s expense and reimbursement of expenses incurred by the non-

executive chairperson in performance of his duties,

(ii)

Separate post of Chairperson and Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Puneet Sharma

Group Executive & CFO

Place: Mumbai

Date: 27 April, 2023

Annexure 1:

Managing Director & CEO

Place: Mumbai

Date: 28 April, 2023

Annexure 2:

Letter of Confirmation in lieu

of the share certificate while processing any of the aforesaid investor service request. Accordingly, the members are advised to

request for such services by submitting a duly filed and signed form ISR-4, the format of which is available on the Bank's website

at https://www.axisbank.com/shareholders-corner/financial-results-and-other-information/public-notices/investor-faqs .

Further, in continuation to circular dated 25 January, 2022, SEBI vide another circular dated 30 December, 2022 had stated that

in cases where the securities holder / claimant fails to submit the demat request to the depository participant within the period

of 120 days from the date of issuance of the: letter of confirmation from RTA / listed companies, then the RTA shall move the said

securities to a physical folio 'suspense escrow demat account' and later dematerialise these securities. Securities which have

been moved to ‘suspense escrow demat account’ may be claimed by the security holder/claimant by submitting a duly filed and

signed Form ISR- 4.

SEBI vide circular dated 27 January, 2023, with an intent to generate awareness among physical shareholders had advised the

listed entities to issue them an intimation about the availability of dispute resolution mechanism at stock exchanges against listed

companies and RTA(s) either by e-mails or by SMS. Accordingly, the Bank has on 15 February, 2023 sent emails and SMS(es) to

shareholders holding equity shares in physical form and whose email ids and mobile numbers were available.

In view of the above and also to eliminate all risks associated with physical shares, members holding equity shares of the Bank in

physical form are requested to kindly get their equity shares converted into demat form.

Shareholder handbook / shareholder services

Members are requested to refer to the investor’s handbook available on the Bank’s website: https://www.axisbank.com/

shareholders-corner/financial-results-and-other-information/public-notices/investor-faqs for rights of members and procedures

related to transfer / dematerialization / transmission of shares, nomination in respect of shareholding, change of address,

unclaimed / unpaid dividend, shares underlying unpaid / unclaimed dividend, refund from IEPF, registration of e-mail ID and

registration of PAN / Bank details.

Nomination facility

Section 72 of the Act provides that every holder of securities of a company may at any time nominate in the prescribed manner

any person to whom the securities shall vest in the event of his/her death. Where the securities of a Bank are held by more than

one person jointly, the joint holders may together nominate any person to whom all the rights in the securities shall vest in the

event of death of all the joint holders.

In view of the above, the members are encouraged to avail the nomination facility. The relevant nomination form can be

downloaded from the website of the Bank or the members may write to the Bank at its registered office or to KFIN for the same.

Please note that the nomination shall be automatically rescinded on transfer / transmission / dematerialization of the securities.

Green initiatives

In terms of Rule 18 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, a company may send copy of notice through

electronic mode including e-mail to those members who have registered their e-mail address either with their depository

participants (DP) or with the company.

Further, as per Regulation 36 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the listed entity is required to send soft copies of its annual report

to all those members who have registered their email address(es) for this purpose.

In case of members whose email address has changed and they have not updated the new e-mail address, the Bank would send

the said documents to their existing e-mail address and the said documents shall be deemed to have been delivered in compliance

with the provisions of the Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations. Therefore, members are requested to register their email address

or any change thereof with their DP (shares held in electronic form) or with KFIN (shares held in physical form) at the earliest.

Further, in terms of SEBI circular dated 5 January, 2023, annual report for the fiscal 2023 and the notice convening the

29th AGM, are being sent only through electronic mode to those members, who have registered their e-mail addresses with the

Bank/ their respective DP or with KFIN. Accordingly, no physical copy of the said documents is being sent to members who have

not registered their e-mail addresses with the Bank / DP or KFIN.

However, in case any member wishes to receive a physical copy of the annual report are requested to write to einward.ris@

kfintech.com or shareholders@axisbank.com quoting DP ID and client ID or folio number, as the case may be, to enable the Bank

to provide physical copy of the said documents, free of cost. Please note that the said documents are also being uploaded on the

Bank's website viz. www.axisbank.com.

letter from

IRDAI (the Authority) dated Oct 13, 2022

levying a penalty of ` 2 crs on the charges for not

complying with the directions of the Authority

in the transaction of acquisition of shares of

Max Life Insurance Company Ltd (MLIC) and for

making undue profits/ gains from purchase and

sale of equity shares of MLIC. The Authority,

in the appended: letter has sighted series of

transactions from February 2016 to April 2021

between Axis Bank and promoters of MLIC. As

per the authority, these transactions are at a

price which is lower than the fair market value

(FMV). Axis Bank has made a representation

that each of these transactions have been at

FMV either backed by a Chartered Accountants

certificate or is based on valuation as envisaged

under Rule 11 UA of the Income Tax Rules,

1962. The authority has not accepted the

representation and accordingly charged the

Bank with a penalty. The Bank further has right

to appeal to Securities Appellate Tribunal. Bank

has paid the penalty to IRDAI.

No

Compounding Fee

Nil

Imprisonment

Nil

Punishment

Nil

3.

Of the instances disclosed in Question 2 above, details of the Appeal/ Revision preferred in cases where monetary or

non-monetary action has been appealed.

Not Applicable

4.

Does the entity have an anti-corruption or anti-bribery policy? If yes, provide details in brief and if available, provide

a web-link to the policy.

The Bank has in place, an Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy that reiterates the Bank’s zero tolerance to bribery and

corruption at the Bank. As a governance best practice, the Bank’s Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy has been made

accessible on its website at https://www.axisbank.com/docs/default-source/quarterly-reports/anti-bribery-and-anti-

corruption-policy.pdf

Managing Director: Managing

Managing Director: Managing

Managing Director: Managing

Managing Director & CEO (MD & CEO), other Whole-Time Directors (WTD) and senior managers one level

below the Board.

b.

Recommend to the Board the compensation payable to the Chairman of the Bank.

c.

Review and recommend to the Board for approval, the talent management and succession policy and process

in the Bank for ensuring business continuity, especially at the level of MD & CEO, the other WTDs, senior

managers’ one level below the Board and other key roles and their progression to the Board.

d.

Formulate the criteria and the manner for effective evaluation of performance of the Board as a whole, its

Committees and individual directors, including independent directors of the Bank, which may be carried out

either by the Committee or by the Board or with the help of an independent external agency and to review its

implementation, compliance and outcomes.

e.

Review adequacy and appropriateness of HR strategy of the Bank in the broader areas of code of conduct,

ethics, conflict of interest, succession planning, talent management, performance management, remuneration

and HR risk management.:

Managing Director. A progress report on the status of Ind AS

implementation in the Bank is presented to the Audit Committee and Board of Directors on a quarterly basis.

g)

Payment of DICGC Insurance Premium

(` in crores)

31 March, 2023

31 March, 2022

Payment of DICGC Insurance Premium1

958.45

852.52

Arrears in payment of DICGC premium

-

-

Total

958.45

852.52

1. Amount reported is excluding GST

h)

Disclosure on provisioning pertaining to Land held under ‘Non-Banking assets acquired in satisfaction of claims’

(` in crores)

Particulars

31 March, 2023

31 March, 2022

Amount of Land held under ‘Non-Banking assets acquired in satisfaction of claims’

2,068.24

2,068.24

Provisions made during the year by debiting profit and loss account

-

-

Provisions reversed during the year

-

-

Provisions held at the end of the year

2,068.24

2,068.24

Unamortised provision debited from ‘Balance in profit and loss account’ under ‘Reserves and

Surplus’

-

-

i)

Details of Others (including provisions) in Other Liabilities and Provisions of Schedule 5 of Balance Sheet exceeding

1% of Total Assets

As at 31 March, 2023

Sr. No.

Particulars

(` in crores)

1.

Mark-to-Market (MTM) liability on forex and derivative contracts

13,389.74

During the year ended 31 March, 2022, none of the items within Schedule 5-Other Liabilities and Provisions- “Others

(including provisions)” have exceeded 1% of the total assets.

j)

Details of Others in Other Assets of Schedule 11 of Balance Sheet exceeding 1% of Total Assets

As at 31 March, 2023

Sr. No.

Particulars

(` in crores)

1.

Priority Sector Shortfall Deposits

30,564.20

As at 31 March, 2022

Sr. No.

Particulars

(` in crores)

1.

Priority Sector Shortfall Deposits

41,653.61

k)

Miscellaneous income exceeding 1% of the total income

During the year ended 31 March, 2023 and 31 March, 2022, none of the items under miscellaneous income (Schedule 14 –

Other Income) have exceeded 1% of total income of the Bank.:

Managing Director)

•

Mr. Rajesh Dahiya [Executive Director (Corporate Centre)] (upto 31 December, 2021)

c)

Relatives of Key Management Personnel

Ms. Preeti Chaudhry, Mr. Anagh Chaudhry, Mr. Aruj Chaudhry, Mr. Aryan Chaudhry, Ms. Chhavi Kharb, Mr. Ashok

Kharb, Mr. Om Singh Chaudhry, Ms. Kusum Chaudhry, Ms. Gitanjali Anand, Ms. Tara Anand, Ms. Nandita Anand, Mr. P.L.

Narain, Mr. P. Srinivas, Ms. Ratna Rao Shekar, Ms. P. Kamashi, Ms. Charu Narain, Ms. K Ramalakshmi, Ms. Hemant Dahiya,

Ms. Arooshi Dahiya, Mr. Anshul Avasthi, Ms. Mallika Dahiya, Ms. Jal Medha, Mr. Jai Prakash Dahiya, Ms. Pooja Rathi and

Mr. Gagan Rathi.

d)

Subsidiary Companies

•

Axis Capital Limited

•

Axis Trustee Services Limited

•

Axis Asset Management Company Limited

•

Axis Mutual Fund Trustee Limited

•

Axis Bank UK Limited

•

Axis Finance Limited

•

Axis Securities Limited

•

A. Treds Limited

•

Freecharge Payment Technologies Private Limited

e)

Step down subsidiary companies

•

Axis Capital USA LLC

•

Axis Pension Fund Management Limited (with effect from 17 May, 2022):

Managing Director: Managing

Managing Director: Managing

Managing Director: Managing

Managing Director: Managing

Letter’ for the services to be rendered

is accepted by the customer. In the event of non-recovery of fees provision for doubtful debts is made as under.

•

Initial acceptance fee

On the expiry of 90 days from the end of the contractual due, the amount of invoice due and not received is provided

for in the quarter from the end of the contractual due date of invoice (i.e. 45 days as per MSMED Act).

•

Annual fees

Where the invoices remain unpaid for more than 180 days from the end of the contractual due date, 50% of such

unpaid value is provided for, and 100% of value is provided for where value remain unpaid for more than 365 days

from contractual due date (i.e. 45 days as per MSMED Act).

In case of annual fees due in certain existing cases, which fall under NCLT/stressed cases, 50% of the provision is made on

the expiry of 90 days from the end of the contractual due date and remaining 50% of the unpaid balance is provided for on

the expiry of 180 days from the end of contractual due date (i.e. 45 days as per MSMED Act).

Realised gains and losses on mutual funds are dealt with in the Profit and Loss Account. The cost of units in mutual fund sold

are determined on weighted average basis for the purpose of calculating gains or losses on sale/redemption of such units.

Axis Asset Management Company Limited

Management fees are recognised on accrual basis. The fees charged are in accordance with the terms of scheme information

documents of respective schemes and are in line with the provisions of SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996 as amended

from time to time.

Management fees from Portfolio Management Services, Alternate Investment Fund and Investment advisory fees-offshore

are recognized on an accrual basis as per the terms of the contract with the customers.

Axis Mutual Fund Trustee Limited

Trustee fee is recognised on accrual basis, at the specific rates/amount approved by the Board of Directors of the Company,

within the limits specified under the Deed of Trust, and is applied on the net assets of each scheme of Axis Mutual Fund.

Axis Finance Limited

Interest income is recognized on an accrual basis except in the case of interest income on non-performing assets where it is

recognised upon realisation, as per the income recognition and asset classification norms prescribed by the RBI.

Income on discounted instruments is recognised over the tenure of the instrument on a straight-line method.

Front end fees on processing of loans are recognised upfront as income.

Axis Securities Limited

Business sourcing and resource management fees are recognised on accrual basis in accordance with the terms and

contracts entered between the Company and counterparty.

Fees earned for the provision of services are recognised over time as the customer simultaneously receives and consumes

the benefits, as the services are rendered. These include brokerage fees which is fixed at inception irrespective of number of

transactions executed. The revenue for such contracts is recognised on consumption of benefits and the balance unutilized

plan value is recognised on maturity/validity of the plan.

Selling commissions/brokerage generated from primary market operations i.e. procuring subscriptions from investors for

public offerings of companies, mutual funds etc. are recorded on determination of the amount due to the Company, once

the allotment of securities are completed.

Depository fees are recognised on completion of the transaction.

Portfolio management fees are accounted on accrual basis as follows:

•

In case of fees based on fixed percentage of the corpus/fixed amount, income is accrued at the end of

the quarter/month.

•

In case of fees, based on the returns of the portfolio, income is accounted on each anniversary as per the agreement.:

Managing Director)

•

Mr. Rajesh Dahiya [Executive Director (Corporate Centre)] (upto 31 December, 2021)

c)

Relatives of Key Management Personnel

Ms. Preeti Chaudhry, Mr. Anagh Chaudhry, Mr. Aruj Chaudhry, Mr. Aryan Chaudhry, Ms. Chhavi Kharb, Mr. Ashok

Kharb, Mr. Om Singh Chaudhry, Ms. Kusum Chaudhry, Ms. Gitanjali Anand, Ms. Tara Anand, Ms. Nandita Anand,

Mr. P.L. Narain, Mr. P. Srinivas, Ms. Ratna Rao Shekar, Ms. P. Kamashi, Ms. Charu Narain, Ms. K Ramalakshmi,

Ms. Hemant Dahiya, Ms. Arooshi Dahiya, Mr. Anshul Avasthi, Ms. Mallika Dahiya, Ms. Jal Medha, Mr. Jai Prakash

Dahiya, Ms. Pooja Rathi, Mr. Gagan Rathi.

d)

Associate

Max Life Insurance Company Limited (with effect from 6 April, 2021)

Based on RBI guidelines, details of transactions with Associate are not disclosed since there is only one entity/party in

the said category.:

Managing Director: Managing

