letter CFHRO SE CS LODR 80/2023 dated April 26, 2023

--------------

As informed in our: letter referred above, the 36th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company is

scheduled to be held on Wednesday, July 19, 2023 at 11:00 a.m. through Video Conference/other audio-

visual means.

We wish to confirm that the following documents have been circulated to the members by electronic mode,

today, i.e., June 24, 2023 and we are submitting herewith the said documents for the financial year ended

2022-23 pursuant to Regulation 30 and 34(1) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 read with SEBI Circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD-2/P/CIR/2023/4 dated January 05, 2023:

i.

Notice of 36th Annual General Meeting (duly covering the instructions for remote e-Voting, e-voting

during the meeting and instructions for attending the AGM through Video Conference).

ii.

Annual Report including Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (BRSR).

The aforesaid documents are also available on the website of the Company, i.e., www.canfinhomes.com

The schedule of events is set out below:

Events

Particulars

Time and date of AGM

11:00 A.M. IST, Wednesday, July 19, 2023

Mode of participation

Video conference (VC)

Cut-off date for e-Voting

Thursday, July 13, 2023

e-Voting start time and date

09:00 A.M. IST, Saturday, July 15, 2023

e-Voting end time and date

05:00 P.M. IST, Tuesday, July 18, 2023

e-Voting website of NSDL

https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/

We request for taking the attached documents on record and to disseminate the same on your website for

the information of Members of the Company.

Thanking you,

Yours faithfully,

For Can Fin Homes Limited,

Veena G Kamath

DGM & Company Secretary

Encl: As above

VEENA

GANESH

KAMATH

Digitally signed by

VEENA GANESH

KAMATH

Date: 2023.06.24

17:24:35 +05'30'

Managing Director) of the Company

for a period of 2 (Two) years from the date of his deputation

i.e., up to March 31, 2025 subject to further extension in the

period of service, not exceeding the period as prescribed

under Sec 196 of the Act, if any, by Canara Bank at such

remuneration as detailed in the terms and conditions of

deputation received from Canara Bank, he is entitled to in

accordance with the Service Regulations of Canara Bank,

subject to any modifications, revisions thereon (including

revision on account of promotion etc., that may take place

from time to time) payable by way of reimbursement to

Canara Bank and incentives as per the schemes approved

by the Board of Directors of the Company and on the terms

and conditions as detailed in the explanatory statement

attached hereto, provided however that the remuneration

payable to Shri Ajay Kumar Singh, shall not exceed the limits

prescribed under Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013,

including any amendment(s), modification(s), variation(s) or

re-enactment(s) thereof from time to time.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors be and

is hereby authorised to do all such acts, deeds, matters

and things and execute all such agreements, documents,

instruments and writings, as may be required and to

delegate all or any of its powers herein conferred to any

Directors(s) or Committee of Directors to give effect to the

aforesaid resolutions.”

6.

Related Party Transactions/ Arrangements

To approve existing as well as new material related party

transactions with Canara Bank, Canara HSBC Life Insurance

Company Limited and Other Subsidiaries, Associates and

Joint Venture Companies of Canara Bank.

To consider and if thought fit, to pass, with or without

modification(s), the following resolutions as Ordinary

Resolution:

“RESOLVED that pursuant to the provisions of Regulation

23(4) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), as amended from time

to time, Section 188 and other applicable provisions of

the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) read with Rules made

thereunder, other applicable laws/statutory provisions, if any,

(including any statutory modification(s) or amendment(s)

or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force),

the Company’s Policy on Related Party Transactions, and

subject to such approval(s), consent(s), permission(s) as may

be necessary from time to time and basis the approval and

recommendation of the Audit Committee and the Board of

Directors of the Company, the approval of the Members of

the Company be and is hereby accorded to the Company

to enter/continue to enter into Material Related Party

Transaction(s)/ Contract(s)/ Arrangement(s)/Agreement(s)

(whether by way of an individual transaction or transaction

taken together or series of transactions or otherwise) with

entities falling within the definition of ‘Related Party’ under

Section 2(76) of the Act and Regulation 2(1)(zb) of the SEBI

Listing Regulations, from the conclusion of this Annual

General Meeting until the conclusion of the next Annual

General Meeting in the course of related party transactions,

on such terms and conditions as detailed in the explanatory

statements pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Act and as

may be mutually agreed between such related parties

and the Company such that the value of the related party

transactions with such parties, in aggregate does not

exceed the value as specified under each category in the

explanatory statement.

RESOLVED FURTHER that the Board of Directors of the

Company (hereinafter referred to as ‘Board’ which term

shall be deemed to include the Audit Committee of the

Company and any duly constituted/ to be constituted

Committee of Directors thereof and/or officers of the

Company to exercise its powers including powers conferred

under this resolution) be and is hereby authorised to do all

such acts, deeds, matters and things as it may deem fit at

its absolute discretion and to take all such steps as may

be required in this connection including finalizing and

executing necessary documents, contract(s), scheme(s),

agreement(s), instrument(s) and such other documents

as may be required, seeking all necessary approvals to

give effect to these resolution(s), for and on behalf of the

Company and settling all such issues, questions, difficulties

or doubts whatsoever that may arise and to take all such

decisions from powers herein conferred to, without

being required to seek further consent or approval of the

Members and that the Members shall be deemed to have

given their approval thereto expressly by the authority of

this resolution.”

“RESOLVED FURTHER that all actions taken by the Board

in connection with any matter referred to or contemplated

2:

letter,

offer document, offering circular, placement document

or otherwise, in such manner and on such terms and

conditions including at such price or prices (including floor

price), at a discount or premium to market price or prices

(as permitted under the applicable laws), etc., as may be

deemed appropriate by the Board in its absolute discretion,

including the discretion to determine the categories of

investors to whom the offer, issue and allotment shall be

made to the exclusion of other categories of Investors at the

time of such offer, issue and allotment of equity shares of H

2/- each of the Company to one or more of the members,

employees of the Company by way of ESOS/ESPS, Indian

nationals,

Non-Resident

Indians

(NRIs),

Companies

(private or public), Investment institutions, Societies,

Trusts, Research Organisations, Qualified Institutional

Buyers (“QIBs”) like Foreign Institutional Investors (“FIIs”),

Banks,

Financial

Institutions,

Indian

Mutual

Funds,

Venture Capital Funds, Foreign Venture Capital Investors,

Alternate Investment Funds, State Industrial Development

Corporations, Insurance Companies, Provident Funds,

Pension Funds, Development Financial Institutions or

other entities, authorities or any other category of investors

which are authorized to invest in equity /preference shares/

securities of the Company (collectively called “Investors”) in

accordance with all the applicable laws, rules, regulations

and guidelines, considering the then prevailing market

conditions and other relevant factors and wherever

necessary in consultation with the lead manager(s) and/or

underwriter(s) and/or other advisor(s) for such issue.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the allotment of Securities,

in case of QIP or any other mode as per the above

resolutions pursuant to Chapter V and/or Chapter VI of

ICDR Regulations, as the case may be, shall be made to the

QIBs or such other Investors within the meaning prescribed

under the said regulations and such securities shall be

fully paid-up and the allotment of Eligible Securities (or

any combination of Eligible Securities as may be decided

by the Board) to be completed within 365 days from the

date of passing of these Resolutions or such other time as

may be allowed under the ICDR Regulations from time to

time, at such price being not less than the price determined

in accordance with the pricing formula provided under

Chapter V and/or Chapter VI of ICDR Regulations, as

applicable and as may be amended from time to time,

provided that the Board may, in accordance with applicable

laws, offer a discount of not more than 5% (five percent)

or such percentage as permitted under the applicable laws,

with such lock-in requirements as provided under Chapter

V and/or Chapter VI of ICDR Regulations, as applicable, as

may be amended from time to time and the “Relevant Date”

for the purpose of pricing of the Equity Shares shall be the

date of the meeting in which the Board decides to open

the proposed issue of Equity Shares as may be determined

by the Board in accordance with the ICDR Regulations

and if the issue and allotment of equity shares, if any, to

NRIs, FIIs and/or other eligible foreign investors be subject

to the approval of the RBI under the Foreign Exchange

Management Act, 1999 as may be applicable and within the

overall limits set forth under the said Act.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Equity Shares so issued by

the Company as per the above resolutions shall be subject

to the provisions of the Memorandum and Articles of

Association of the Company and shall rank pari-passu with

the existing Equity Shares of the Company in all respects.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Equity Shares so issued by

the Company as per the above resolutions shall be listed on

the Stock Exchanges, where the existing Equity Shares of

the Company are listed.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect

to the above resolutions, the Board or a Committee thereof

be and is hereby authorized on behalf of the Company to

do all such acts, deeds, matters and things including but

not limited to finalization and approval of the preliminary

as well as final placement document(s), determining the

type, form and manner of the issue, class of the investors

to whom the Securities are to be offered, utilization of the

issue proceeds, number of securities to be allotted in each

tranche, issue price, face value, discounts permitted under

the applicable law (now or hereafter), premium amount on

issue of the securities, if any, and to dispose of unsubscribed

shares as it deems fit and/or in consultation with the lead

managers, underwriters, advisers and/or other persons

as appointed by the Company, and execution of various

agreements, deeds, instruments and other documents,

including the private placement offer: letter, and to give

instructions or directions or clarifications and to settle all

questions, difficulties or doubts that may arise in regard to

the issue, offer or allotment of securities and utilization of

the issue proceeds and to accept and to give effect to such

modifications, changes, variations, alterations, deletions,

5

Notice

letter

etc., authorising their representative to attend the

AGM through VC and vote on their behalf. The said

Resolution/Authorization

with

attested

specimen

signature of the duly authorized signatory/ies who

are authorized to vote to the Scrutinizer by email

canfinscrutinizer@gmail.com with a copy marked to

evoting@nsdl.co.in

2.

It is strongly recommended not to share your password

with any other person and take utmost care to keep

your password confidential. Login to the e-Voting

website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful

attempts to key-in the correct password.

In such an event, you will need to go through the

“Forgot User Details/ Password?” or “Physical User

Reset Password?” option available on https://www.

evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

3.

In case of any queries relating to e-Voting you may

refer to the FAQs for Shareholders and e-Voting user

manual for Shareholders available at the download

section of https://www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll

free no.: 1800 1020 990 and 1800 22 44 30 or send a

request to Ms. Prajakta Pawle at evoting@nsdl.co.in.

Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not

registered with the depositories for procuring user id and

password and registration of e mail ids for e-Voting for

the resolutions set out in this notice:

1.

In case shares are held in physical mode please provide

Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the

12:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Shri Amitabh Chatterjee, Deputy

General Manager and Shri Ajay Kumar Singh, Deputy General Manager of the Canara Bank.

Details of remuneration

sought to be paid, if any

The details of remuneration are provided infra.

Justification for choosing the

appointee for appointment

(Skills and capability required

for the role and the Director

meets such requirement)

(applicable only for

Independent Directors)

Not applicable as he is a promoter non-executive Director and not an Independent Director.

However, he possesses the skills and capability required for the role.

He is not disqualified from being re-appointed as a director

in terms of Section 164(2) of the Companies Act, 2013. The

requisite Form DIR-8 is received from him, in terms of the

Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules,

2014, confirming his eligibility. He has also confirmed that he is

not debarred from holding the office of director by virtue of any

order by SEBI or any other authority.

Shri Debashish Mukherjee has confirmed that he continues to

satisfy the fit and proper criteria as prescribed under RBI Master

Direction – Non-Banking Financial Company – Housing Finance

Company (Reserve Bank) Directions, 2021 (Master Direction

NBFC-HFC (Reserve Bank) Directions, 2021).

Remuneration & key terms of appointment: Shri Debashish

Mukherjee, a non-executive Promoter Director of the Company

would be eligible to receive a sitting fee of Rs.30,000/- for

attending the meeting of the Board and Rs.15,000/- for

attending a meeting of the Committee and the Chairperson of

the Board and Committees are eligible for an additional fee of

Rs.5,000/-. The Directors are also eligible for re-imbursement

of travel and lodging expenses relating to meetings as per the

Articles of Association of the Company. However, the Company

has received a communication from Canara Bank not to

pay any sitting fee to the Bank for participation of promoter

directors w.e.f. April 01, 2023. Shri Debashish Mukherjee has

been appointed as a Director liable to retire by rotation. He is a

Promoter Non-Executive Director.

The consents, declarations, deeds and covenants executed by

Shri Debashish Mukherjee would be available for inspection by

the members as mentioned in the notes to this Notice.

The Nomination Remuneration & HR Committee at its meeting

held on May 19, 2023 has determined that Shri Debashish

Mukherjee continues to be a fit and proper candidate for re-

appointment and his performance has been evaluated by the

Independent Directors for the year ended March 31, 2023. Your

directors are of the opinion that Shri Debashish Mukherjee

fulfils the conditions specified in the Companies Act, 2013,

SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 and Master Direction NBFC-

HFC (Reserve Bank) Directions, 2021, for re-appointment as a

Director and his appointment as a Director would be in the best

interest of the Company.

17

Notice:

Managing Director & CEO of Canara Bank

with effect from February 07, 2023. He had worked as Executive Director of Canara Bank from

March 10, 2021 and had been overseeing various verticals in Canara Bank including Information

Technology & Digital Banking, Business Analytics & Information System, Inspection, Compliance,

Priority Credit, Financial Inclusion, Gold Loan, MSME, Retail Asset, Corporate Credit, General

Administration, Marketing & Public Relations, etc.

He had joined erstwhile Vijaya Bank in 1988 and had risen to the level of General Manager and after

merger he was elevated to the rank of Chief General Manager in Bank of Baroda. During his tenure

at erstwhile Vijaya Bank (Bank of Baroda), he had headed various branches including specialized

corporate banking branch. He had served as Regional Head of various regions and also served as

Zonal Head of Mumbai zone of the amalgamated Bank of Baroda. He has also headed operations

and services department at Bank of Baroda. He had served as a Director in BoB Financial Solutions

Limited, a subsidiary of Bank of Baroda and as a Director in Canbank Computer Services Ltd.

He is currently a member on the Boards of two listed entities viz., Can Fin Homes Limited and

Canara Bank.

Terms and conditions of

appointment & details of

remuneration

Details are provided infra.

No. of meetings of the Board

attended during the year

Not applicable. Shri K Satyanarayana Raju has been appointed as a director in the current financial

year i.e., on April 26, 2023.

18:

Managing Director & CEO of Canara Bank and Director in Canara

HSBC Life Insurance Company Limited.

Memberships/ Chairmanships

of the committee of the Board

of Directors of the Company /

other Companies

Shri K Satyanarayana Raju is member of following Committees of Canara Bank:

1. Risk Management Committee

2. IT Strategy Committee

3. Sub-Committee on Human Resources

4. Sub-Committee on Business Plan Strategy

5. Special Committee of the Board for Monitoring and Following up cases of Frauds

Shri K Satyanarayana Raju is Chairman of following Committees of Canara Bank:

1. Management Committee of the Board

2. Committee for Monitoring Recovery

3. Sub - Committee - Capital Planning Process of the Bank

4. Customer Service Committee of the Board

5. Sub Committee of the Board to Review Classification of Willful Defaulters

6. Committee of Directors

7. Subcommittee - Sustainable Development Corporate Social Responsibility (SC-SDCSR)

8. Departmental Promotion Committee

Listed entities from which the

Director has resigned in the

past three years

1. Canbank Computer Services Limited

2. BoB Financial Solutions Limited

Number of shares held in

the Company including as a

beneficial owner

Shri K Satyanarayana Raju, Director, is not holding any shares in the Company (both own and held

by/for other persons on a beneficial basis) and he has not availed any loan from the Company, as

per his declarations.

Disclosure of relationships

between directors inter-se

None of the directors are related inter-se.

No Director or any Key Managerial Personnel or the relatives of the directors or Key Managerial

Personnel is in any way concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, except Shri Debashish

Mukherjee, Executive Director, Shri Amitabh Chatterjee, Deputy General Manager and Shri Ajay

Kumar Singh, Deputy General Manager of the Canara Bank.

Details of remuneration sought

to be paid, if any

The details of remuneration are provided infra.

Justification for choosing the

appointee for appointment

(Skills and capability required

for the role and the Director

meets such requirement)

(applicable only for

Independent Directors)

Not applicable as he is a promoter non-executive Director and not an Independent Director.

However, he possesses the skills and capability required for the role.

19

Notice:

Managing Director)

of the Company with effect from June 19, 2023 in terms of the

applicable clauses of the Articles of Association of the Company

and Section 152, 161, 196, 197, 198, 203 and all other applicable

provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013, related rules, read

with Schedule V to the said Act, applicable provisions of the SEBI

(Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 and Master Direction NBFC-HFC (Reserve Bank) Directions,

2021, for a period of three years from the date of his deputation

i.e., upto March 31, 2025 at such remuneration, as detailed in the

terms and conditions of deputation received from Canara Bank.

The said appointment is subject to approval by the members

of the Company in terms of the provisions of the above cited

acts/rules/ directions/ regulations and the Board of directors is

seeking the approval of the members in the ensuing AGM.

In terms of Section 160 and all other applicable provisions of the

Companies Act, 2013, your Company has received a notice in

writing from a member signifying their intention to propose the

candidature of Shri Ajay Kumar Singh for appointment for the

office of Director of the Company.

In terms of Section 161 of the Companies Act, 2013, Shri Ajay

Kumar Singh holds office only up to the date of the ensuing

Annual General Meeting.

In terms of Regulation 17(1C) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations 2015,

approval of shareholders for appointment or re-appointment of

a person on the Board of Directors is taken at the next general

meeting or within a time period of three months from the date

of appointment, whichever is earlier. Hence, this agenda forms

part of this Notice.

Brief Profile and particulars of Shri Ajay Kumar Singh, pursuant

to Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations and SS-2

(“Secretarial Standard on General Meetings”) and other applicable

provisions, are provided in the table below:

20:

Managing Director & CEO, Shri Debashish Mukherjee,

Executive Director, Shri Amitabh Chatterjee, Deputy General Manager of the Canara Bank.

Details of remuneration sought to be paid,

if any

The details of remuneration are provided infra.

Justification for choosing the appointee

for appointment (Skills and capability

required for the role and the Director

meets such requirement) (applicable only

for Independent Directors)

Not applicable as he is a promoter non-executive Director and not an Independent

Director. However, he possesses the skills and capability required for the role.

Shri Ajay Kumar Singh has filed with the Company his consent in writing in Form DIR-2 pursuant to Section 152 of the Companies Act,

2013 and Rule 8 of Companies (Appointment & Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, expressing his willingness to act as a Director

of the Company.

He is not disqualified from being appointed as a director, in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act. The requisite Form DIR-8 is received

from him, in terms of the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, confirming his eligibility for such

appointment. He is not debarred from holding the office of Director by virtue of any order by SEBI or any other authority.

21

Notice:

Managing Director & KMP of the Company

upto June 01, 2023.

(iv) Shri Ajay Kumar Singh, Deputy General Manager of Canara

Bank, Dy.: Managing

Managing Director & CEO, Canara

Bank), Shri Debashish Mukherjee (Executive Director, Canara

Bank), Shri Amitabh Chatterjee (Deputy General Manager,

Canara Bank) and Shri Ajay Kumar Singh (Deputy General

Manager, Canara Bank) or any key managerial personnel or the

relatives of the directors or key managerial personnel, is in any

way concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the said

resolutions.

The Board of Directors therefore, recommend the passing of the

resolution proposed at Item No.6 of the Notice, for the approval

of members.

The members may please note that all the related parties of the

Company are prohibited from voting on Resolution No.6 of this

Notice.

In respect of Item No.7 – Re-appointment of Smt.

Shubhalakshmi Aamod Panse (DIN: 02599310) as an

Independent Director

Smt. Shubhalakshmi Aamod Panse (DIN:02599310) was

appointed as an independent director of the Company by

the members at the AGM held on August 26, 2020 upto the

conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of the Company of

the year 2022-23. Her tenure comes to end on the conclusion

of the ensuing AGM.

The Nomination Remuneration & HR Committee at its meeting

held on June 19, 2023, considering the knowledge, profile,

criteria of independence, expertise, vast and varied experience

matching to the requirements of the Company, her performance

and contributions towards the growth of the Company during

the last three years, has determined Smt. Shubhalakshmi Panse

to be fit and proper for re-appointment and has recommended

to the Board for her re-appointment as an Independent Director

for the further tenure of three years.

Smt. Shubhalakshmi Panse fulfils the requirements of an

Independent Director as laid down under Section 149(6) of the

Companies Act, 2013, and Regulation 16 of the LODR Regulations.

Accordingly, the Board of Directors of the Company at their

meeting held on June 19, 2023 has recommended the proposal

of re-appointment of Smt. Shubhalakshmi Aamod Panse as an

Independent Director, to the members for appointment.

In terms of Section 160 and all other applicable provisions of the

Companies Act, 2013, your Company has received a notice in

writing from a member signifying their intention to propose the

candidature of Smt. Shubhalakshmi Panse for re-appointment as

an Independent Director of the Company at the ensuing Annual

General Meeting. Smt. Shubhalakshmi Panse is willing to act as

an Independent Director of the Company, if so appointed and

has filed with the Company her Consent in writing to act as

director in Form DIR-2 pursuant to Sec.152 of the Act.

Brief Profile of Smt. Shubhalakshmi Panse, Independent Director pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations and SS-2

(“Secretarial Standard on General Meetings”) and other applicable provisions, are provided in the table below:

Name of the Director

Smt Shubhalakshmi Aamod Panse

Director Identification Number (DIN)

02599310

Age

68 years

Nationality

India

Date of first appointment on the Board

June 15, 2020

Qualification

Master Degree holder in Science (M.Sc.), Diploma in Business Management (DBM),

Masters in Management Sciences with Specialization in Financial Management (MMS),

Master in Business Administration with specialization in Bank Management (USA) and

CAIIB.

25

Notice:

Managing Director,

Allahabad Bank from October 01, 2012 to January 31, 2014. (Prior to that she was an

Executive Director of Vijaya Bank from November 20, 2009 to September 30, 2012).

She was also the Chairperson of ALLBANK Finance Ltd., a subsidiary of Allahabad Bank

and Director on the Board of Universal Sompo Insurance Company, a joint venture

company of Allahabad Bank, Indian Overseas Bank, Karnataka Bank, Sompo of Japan &

Dabar Company.

Smt Shubhalakshmi Panse joined as Probationary Officer in Bank of Maharashtra in 1976

and served upto the level of General Manager in Bank of Maharashtra. She has wide

experience in the areas of Balance Sheet Management, Funds Management, Treasury

Management, Corporate Credit Appraisal, Credit Monitoring & restructuring and NPA

Management, expertise in Project Appraisal and Monitoring and Implementation,

Business Planning, Conceptualising and Planning the road map of Information &

Technology, establishing and putting in place systems and procedures for new business

outlets and running them efficiently and effectively, Human Resource Development &

Management strategies. She has an experience of about 42 years in the banking industry.

Terms and conditions of appointment &

details of remuneration

The draft terms and conditions of her re-appointment as Independent Director are

mentioned below and would be available for inspection electronically and the same is

available on the website of the Company www.canfinhomes.com

No. of meetings of the Board attended

during the year

Attended all the eleven (11) board meeting during the FY 2022-23

Directorships, Trustee-ships, Partnerships,

etc. held in other companies, firms, trusts,

entities, etc.

Smt Shubhalakshmi Panse is an Independent Director in Sudarshan Chemical Industries

Limited and Atul Limited

Memberships/ Chairman-ships of the

committee of the Board of Directors of

the Company /other Companies

Smt Shubhalakshmi Panse is Chairman of Audit Committee and member of Risk

Management Committee in Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited. She is also a

member of CSR Committee of Atul Limited. She is member in Audit Committee,

Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Risk Management Committee, Management

Committee and Chairperson of Nomination Remuneration & HR Committee of Can Fin

Homes Limited.

Listed entities from which the Director has

resigned in the past three years

(i) Federal Bank Limited,

(ii) KPIT Technologies Limited and

(iii) PNB Housing Finance Company Ltd.

Number of shares held in the Company

including as a beneficial owner

Smt Shubhalakshmi Panse is not holding any shares in the Company (both own and

held by/for other persons on a beneficial basis) and she has not availed any loan from

the Company, as per her declarations.

Disclosure of relationships between

directors inter-se

None of the directors are related inter-se. None of the Directors or any Key Managerial

Personnel or the relatives of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel is in any way

concerned or interested, financially or otherwise.

26:

letter of re-appointment of an Independent Director

setting out the terms and conditions is available on the website

of the Company. Consents, declarations, deeds and covenants

etc., executed by Smt Shubhalakshmi Panse and referred above

would be available for inspection by the Members as mentioned

in the notes to this Notice.

In terms of Sec.149, 150, 152 and other applicable provisions of

the Companies Act, 2013 and related rules made thereunder,

Smt Shubhalakshmi Panse, being eligible, is proposed to be re-

appointed as an Independent Director from this Annual General

Meeting until the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of

the Company of the year 2026.

The Board of Directors therefore, recommend the passing of the

resolution proposed at Agenda No.7 of the Notice.

In respect of Item No.8 - Appointment of Shri Murali

Ramaswami (DIN: 08659944) as an Independent Director

The Nomination Remuneration & HR Committee at its meeting

held on June 19, 2023 considering the knowledge, profile,

criteria of independence, expertise, vast and varied experience,

matching to the requirements of the Company has determined

the fit and proper criteria of Shri Murali Ramaswami (DIN:

08659944) and recommended to the Board for his appointment

as an Independent Director for a tenure of three years.

Accordingly, the Board of Directors of the Company has

appointed Shri Murali Ramaswami (DIN: 08659944) on the

Board of the Company with effect from June 19, 2023 as an

additional director (Independent) pursuant to Section 161, 149,

152 and all other applicable provisions of the Companies Act,

27

Notice:

letter of appointment of an Independent Director

setting out the terms and conditions is available on the website

of the Company. Consents, declarations, deeds, covenants, etc.,

executed by Shri Murali Ramaswamy and referred above would

be available for inspection by the Members as mentioned in the

notes to this Notice.

In terms of Sec.149, 150, 152 and other applicable provisions of

the Companies Act, 2013 and related rules made thereunder,

Shri Murali Ramaswami, being eligible, is proposed to be

appointed as an Independent Director from this Annual General

Meeting until the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of

the Company of the year 2026.

The Board of Directors therefore, recommend the passing of the

resolution proposed at Agenda No.8 of the Notice.

29

Notice:

Managing Director’s Message

12

Performance Highlights

14

Shaping a better tomorrow

16

Dedicated to social well-being

18

Board of Directors

30

Key Managerial Personnel

35

Profile of Key Managerial Personnel

36

Core Team

37

Reinforce our core strengths,

commitment, competency and

ring-fence our lending

Rebuild by embracing change

and transformation with newer

techniques and technology

Reach higher levels of

achievement through wider

geographical spread and diverse

sourcing options.:

Managing Director & CEO

Shri Debashish Mukherjee

(DIN: 08193978)

Non-Executive Promoter Director

Shri Satish Kumar Kalra

(DIN: 01952165)

Non-Executive Independent Director (upto June 06, 2023)

Smt Shubhalakshmi Aamod Panse

(DIN: 02599310)

Non-Executive Independent Director

Shri Amitabh Chatterjee

(DIN: 09219651)

Dy.: Managing Director (upto June 1, 2023)

Shri Ajai Kumar

(DIN: 02446976)

Non-Executive Independent Director

Shri Arvind Narayan Yennemadi

(DIN: 07402047)

Non-Executive Independent Director

Shri Anup Sankar Bhattacharya

(DIN: 02719232)

Non-Executive Independent Director

Shri Murali Ramaswami *

(DIN: 08659944)

Additional Director (Independent)

Shri Ajay Kumar Singh*

(DIN: 10194447)

Additional Director (Dy. Managing Director)

Depository for equity shares

National Securities Depository Limited

Trade World, ‘A’ Wing, 4th Floor

Kamala Mills Compound Senapati Bapat Marg,

Lower Parel, Mumbai 400 013

Tel : 91 22 2499 4200 Fax : 91 22 2497 6351

Central Depository Services (India) Limited

Marathon Futurex, A Wing, 25th Floor, N M Joshi Marg

Lower Parel (East), Mumbai 400013

Tel : 91 22 2302 3333 Fax : 91 22 2300 2335

36th Annual General Meeting

Wednesday, July 19, 2023 at 11:00 AM

through Video-Conference

Deemed venue for meeting: Can Fin Homes Limited

Registered Office: No. 29/1, 1st Floor, Sir M N Krishna Rao Road,

Basavanagudi, Bengaluru 560004

Board Committees

Audit Committee

Shri Arvind Narayan Yennemadi -

Managing Director’s Message

In FY 2022-23, the

Company’s focus

has been mainly on

lending to individuals

for home loans. Over

the last decade, we

have consistently

maintained a

significant share of

home loans in our

portfolio, reflecting

our commitment to

this segment.: Dear Shareholders,

It is with great pleasure and a deep sense

of responsibility that I address you all.

I am privileged to lead your company

and excited about the opportunities and

challenges that lie ahead.

Growing sectoral optimism

With the rapid pace of urbanization,

increasing affordability and the

government’s supportive measures for

affordable housing and mid-segment

housing, the growth potential for

Delivering performance with prudence

During the FY 2022-23, the company has

shown positive performance on various

aspects. Disbursement growth for the

year was 8% and the portfolio witnessed

a growth of 18% in AUM. Notably, the

NPA levels have decreased, with gross

NPA reducing from 0.64% to 0.55%

and net NPA decreasing from 0.30% to

0.26%. Collections and recovery efforts

have been fruitful, resulting in reduced

NPA figures. Conservative provisioning

housing finance companies (HFCs) is

tremendous. A significant portion of

India’s population - around 66%, is under

the age of 35 and the urban population

is expected to reach 50% by 2030. HFCs

are well-positioned to capitalize on

this trend, offering superior customer

service and catering to customers that

larger financial institutions may struggle

to serve. The COVID-19 pandemic has

also fuelled demand as consumers have

shifted their preferences from rental

housing towards home ownership.

12

Can Fin Homes Ltd

Managing Director

(Additional Director)

(w.e.f. June 19, 2023)

Shri Ajai Kumar

Director (Independent)

Shri Satish Kumar Kalra

Director (Independent)

(upto June 06, 2023)

Shri Suresh S Iyer: Managing Director & CEO

Shri K Satyanarayana Raju

Managing Director & CEO, Canara Bank

Shri Suresh S Iyer: Managing Director & CEO

Shri Debashish Mukherjee

Director (Promoter)

Shri K Satyanarayana Raju was appointed

as an Additional Director (Non-executive

Promoter) w.e.f. April 26, 2023 on the

Board of the Company. Agenda relating

to his appointment as Director will

be placed in the ensuing 36th Annual

General Meeting of the Company.

Shri K. Satyanarayana Raju is a Physics

graduate, post graduate in Business

Administration (Banking and Finance)

and Certified Associate of Indian Institute

of Bankers (CAIIB).

Shri K. Satyanarayana Raju has taken

the charge as the MD & CEO of Canara

Bank with effect from February 02,

2023. He was the Executive Director of

Canara Bank from March 10, 2021 and

had been overseeing various verticals

in Canara Bank including Information

Technology & Digital Banking, Business

Analytics & Information System,

Inspection, Compliance, Priority Credit,

Financial Inclusion, Gold Loan, MSME,

Retail Asset, Corporate Credit, General

Administration, Marketing & Public

Relations, etc.

He is currently a member on the

Boards of two listed entities viz., Can

Fin Homes Limited and Canara Bank.

He is also

Managing Director

of Allahabad Bank from October 01, 2012

to January 31, 2014. (Prior to that she

was an Executive Director of Vijaya Bank

from November 20, 2009 to September

30, 2012). She was also the Chairperson

Shri Ajai Kumar was appointed as an

Additional Director (Non-executive

Independent) on the Board of the

Company w.e.f. July 31, 2021 and he has

been appointed by the members as an

Independent Director at the 34th Annual

General Meeting held on September 08,

2021.

Shri Ajai Kumar, is a Master Degree holder

in Science (Physics), Bachelor degree

in Science, LLB and has acquired CAIIB

(Certified Associate of Indian Institute of

Banking) certification.

Presently, he is on the Boards of

Indiabulls Investment Management

Ltd., Metropolitan Stock Exchange

of India Limited, Amar Ujala Limited,

Shri Arvind Narayan Yennemadi was

appointed as an Additional Director (Non-

executive Independent) on the Board

of the Company w.e.f. August 04, 2022

and appointed by the members as an

Independent Director at the 35th Annual

General Meeting held on September 07,

2022 for a tenure of three years.

Shri Arvind Narayan Yennemadi is a

Chartered Accountant from the Institute

of Chartered Accountants of India,

B.Com. from Mumbai University and

D.I.S.A. qualified.

He has over 45 years’ experience in

the audits of Public and Private Sector

Banks as Concurrent/ Statutory Auditor

and has domain knowledge in the field

of Taxation. Handled Audit function in

Kamani Engineering Limited, Mumbai (May

1977 till March 1978) looking after the Site

Expense Control & Monitoring. Practiced

of ALLBANK Finance Ltd., a subsidiary

of Allahabad Bank and Director on the

Board of Universal Sompo Insurance

Company, a joint venture company of

Allahabad Bank, Indian Overseas Bank,

Karnataka Bank, Sompo of Japan &

Dabar Company.

Smt Shubhalakshmi Panse joined

as Probationary Officer in Bank of

Maharashtra in 1976 and served upto

the level of General Manager in Bank of

Maharashtra. She has wide experience in

the areas of Balance Sheet Management,

Funds Management, Treasury

Management, Corporate Credit Appraisal,

Credit Monitoring & restructuring and NPA

Management, expertise in Project Appraisal

and Monitoring and Implementation,

Business Planning, Conceptualising and

Planning the road map of Information

& Technology, establishing and putting

in place systems and procedures for

new business outlets and running them

efficiently and effectively, Human Resource

Development & Management strategies.

She has an experience of about 40 years

in the banking industry. The Director

has participated in the capacity building

activities of ID Databank organised by IICA.

HFCL Limited, Adani Krishnapatnam

Port Limited and National Urban Co-

Operative Finance and Development

Corporation Limited.

He has over 40 years of experience in

public sector banking industry holding

eminent position in India and overseas

(New York, USA). He has acquired

multidimensional experience in the

field of Global and Domestic banking

Operation, Risk Management, Treasury,

Investment and Money Marketing

Operations, Human Resources

Management, Business process re-

engineering, Retail Banking Operations,

Project Management and Banking

Information Technology. His past

engagements include appointment

as Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

(Additional charge) in Andhra Bank

for 6 months (he was the Whole Time

Director/ Executive Director in Andhra

Bank from Oct 2012 to Aug 2017). Prior

Shri Anup Sankar Bhattacharya was

appointed as an Additional Director (Non-

executive Independent) on the Board

of the Company w.e.f. August 04, 2022

and appointed by the members as an

in a Partnership firm of Karnik Yennemadi

& Co. (April 1978 till March 1996),

Mumbai, mainly carrying out- Audits

of Private limited companies (Clients in

industries such as Automotive, Electricity

Transmission, Heavy Engineering,

Composite Textile Mill, Agricultural

Produce & Marketing, Petroleum &

Refinery, Courier Service, etc.).

He had handled Concurrent audits of

Co-operative Banks, NBFCs, Statutory/

Special Audits for branches of PSBs such

as Oriental Bank, Andhra Bank, IndusInd

Bank, Punjab & Sind Bank, etc., Special

Investigation Audits for MSFC, Central

Bank of India, Bank of India on behalf of

BIFR. He has been handling Call Back

operations for Payment Control Division

for HDFC Bank (CPU) since 2007 till date.

He has recently carried out testing of

Internal Financial Controls for Foreign

Bank and Taxation services including

representation at Appellate Level. He

had joined RAY & RAY, as Partner, having

offices in all the Metros (April 1996 till

Date).

He had also handled audits of Large

Public Sector banks such as:-Bank of

Baroda: Treasury (SITB) Ops/Money

Market Ops, International Division, HO

audit consolidation (Central Statutory

Audit), Punjab National Bank (Branch

Statutory Audit), Union Bank of India

(Branch Concurrent audits), Punjab

National Bank (Mid–Corporate Branch),

Dena Bank (Treasury), State Bank of India

(International Branches), Bank of India,

Oriental Bank of Commerce, Axis Bank,

Andhra Bank, Corporation Bank (All

Branch/Statutory branch Audits) along

with Statutory Audits of FI’s such as IFCI

& IDBI.

Independent Director at the 35th Annual

General Meeting held on September 07,

2022 for a tenure of three years.

Shri Anup Sankar Bhattacharya is a B.Sc.

(Agri) Hons. from University of Kalyani,

West Bengal.

Presently, he is an Independent Director

on the Board of India SME Asset

Reconstruction Company Limited

(ISARC) (a SIDBI promoted Assets

Reconstruction Company).

He had served as the Director of Institute

of Banking Personnel Selection (IBPS).

He was a member of the Governing

Council of Indian Institute of Banking

& Finance (IIBF). He is an Honorary

Fellow of Indian Institute of Banking &

Finance. He was also a member of the

Management Committee of the Indian

Banks Association (IBA) and a member

of the personnel committee of the IBA.

He was a member of Governing Body of

NIBM.

He had served as the Chairman

&: Managing Director of Bank of

Maharashtra. He has rich experience

coupled with an in-depth knowledge of

the Banking Industry from across various

markets in India. During his career as a

banker, he had handled several crucial

portfolios like the Executive Director,

Member of various Board Committees

including Committee to Monitor Large

Value Frauds, Committee of Directors

(Vigilance), etc.

From 1971 to 2008, he had worked

in United Bank of India (now Punjab

National Bank) holding different

positions ranging from officer to General

Manager. As the General Manager, he

was posted in Head Office, Kolkata and

he had managed important portfolios

like Human Resources, General

Administration, Priority Sector, IT, Board

and co-ordination.

In October 2008, he joined Indian

Bank as its Executive Director. He

also held the position of

Managing Director) on the

Board of the Company w.e.f. June 19,

2023 and the proposal for approval of

his appointment has been placed before

the 36th Annual General Meeting of the

Company scheduled on July 19, 2023.

Shri Ajay Kumar Singh has a Bachelor

Degree in Commerce with Hons, CAIIB

(Certified Associate of Indian Institute of

Banking and Finance) and has acquired

Diploma in Computer Application (DCA).

During his service in Canara Bank, he had

worked in IT setup and headed different

branches including Extra Large Branch

with exposure in Mid Corporate, Large

Corporate, Foreign Exchange, Retail

Lending and Regional Offices. Prior to his

posting to the Company, he was holding

the position of Deputy General Manager

in the Bank at the Circle Office, Chennai,

overseeing the entire credit portfolio

of the circle. He is a Deputy General

Manager in Canara Bank.

With over 30 years of experience in

Banking sector, Shri Murali Ramaswami

reached up to the position of Executive

Director in Bank of Baroda and in Vijaya

Bank. He had handled the first 3- way

amalgamation of Bank of Baroda, Vijaya

Bank & Dena Bank as in-charge of

Integration Management. He has Diverse

and distinct experience of heading

Corporate Credit, Treasury and Global

Markets, International Operations, Cash

Management, Integration Management,

Information Technology, Digital

Banking & Information Technology.

He has expertise in NPA Management,

Restructuring & Rehabilitation of units,

experience in job evaluation & merit

rating. He has handled Disciplinary

Proceedings as Enquiry Officer.

to joining Andhra Bank as Executive

Director, he was General Manager

(Treasury) in Allahabad Bank. He was a

Director on the Board of India First Life

Insurance Company Limited.

Shri Satish Kumar Kalra has provided

strategic guidance to the Bank in Key

areas of NPA, Credit, International

Banking, Treasury Management, HR, etc.

He also has a vide experience in the

areas of Risk management, Corporate

Planning, Inspection & Audit, Merchant

Banking, Board Secretariat, Credit

Monitoring & Review, Recovery

Management and Legal, Retail & MSME

lending. He has an experience of about

38 years in the banking industry.

He has attended CAFRAL Training

Programme at USA Washington,

University of Maryland and also attended

SIBOS Program at Dubai and training for

EDs at Kozhikode. He had also attended

various management programmes at

IIM Calcutta and Barclays Bank, PLC,

London. The Director has participated

in the capacity building activities of ID

Databank organised by IICA.

Shri Amitabh Chatterjee

Deputy: Managing

Managing Director

(upto June 01, 2023)

Shri Ajay Kumar Singh

Deputy: Managing

letter and spirit with an explicit

notification on the website of your Company, to the extent

applicable.

Further, Your Company is adhering to all the instructions,

guidelines and circulars issued during the year by RBI on

various matters such as scale based Regulations, credit ratings,

outsourcing of Financial Services, regulatory restrictions on

loans and advances, registration with LEI, compensation of

Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) and Senior Management,

investment grade credit rating for accepting public deposits,

reporting of exit of Senior Management Personnel (SMP) and/

or Non-Executive Directors (NEDs) and succession planning

and outsourcing of financial services, to the extent applicable.

NHB vide circular dated December 29, 2022 has

implemented the XBRL based reporting platform namely

Centralised Reporting and Management information

System (CRaMIS) for ease of data submission and more

efficient data collection and advised all the HFCs to submit

the returns which are due for submission as on December

31, 2022 through the XBRL based CRaMIS Portal. Your

Company has successfully registered on CRaMIS portal on

January 03, 2023. All the data/ returns are being uploaded

on the CRaMIS portal from January 03, 2023.

Your Company has complied with other related statutory

Guidelines/Directions/Policies as applicable to the Company

from time to time. Compliance of all Regulatory directions/

guidelines of NHB/RBI other statutes are periodically

reviewed by the Audit Committee and the Board.

Your Company has complied with Indian Accounting

Standards (Ind AS) as notified under the Companies

(Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 and Companies

(Indian Accounting Standard) Amendment Rules, 2016 as

applicable read with Section 133 of the Companies Act,

2013 and guidelines issued by National Housing Bank.

IRDAI Compliance

The Company is registered with IRDAI for carrying on

the Insurance Agency Business and has complied with

the applicable requirements under Insurance Regulatory

and Development Act, 1999 and IRDAI (Registration of

Corporate Agent) Regulations 2015, as amended from

time to time. Being an insurance intermediary, Company

is maintaining all the required information as per IRDAI

rules. The Company has in place, an appropriate policy on

maintenance of records and destruction of old records as

required under IRDA Guidelines.

Other Compliances

RBI vide it’s Circular No. RBI/2022-23/34 DOR.CRE.

REC.28/21.04.048/2022-23 dated April 21, 2022 has

inserted para “103A. Legal Entity Identifier for Borrowers”

under “Chapter XIV of RBI Master Directions, 2021. As per

the said para it was advised that non-individual borrowers

enjoying aggregate exposure of H5 crore and above from

banks and financial institutions (FIs) shall be required

to obtain LEI codes as per the prescribed timeline. The

Company, had already obtained on April 04, 2018, the Legal

Entity Identifier No.335800EJ9Y3XDP5ZDH81 under the

erstwhile RBI/2017-18/82-DBR.No.BP.92/21.04. 048/2017-

18 dated November 02, 2017 as advised by NHB. The same

has been renewed for the year 2023-24.

52

Can Fin Homes Ltd:

letter to all listed Companies

and RTA’s for generating awareness on availability of

Dispute Resolution Mechanism at Stock Exchanges

against Listed Companies /Registrar to an Issue and

Share Transfer Agents (RTAs). In this regard it was

advised that listed Companies shall co-ordinate with

RTAs and shall arrange for sending SMS/ E-mail to all

the investors who hold shares in physical form stating

that if they have any dispute against the Company and/

or its Registrar and Share Transfer Agent (RTA) on delay

or default in processing requests, as per SEBI circular

no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR /2022/75 dated May 30,

2022, they can file for arbitration with Stock Exchange.

Your Company has sent SMS, E-mails and registered

post/speed post to their last known address of the

physical shareholders to appraise them about the

facility made available.

The Company has also complied with other SEBI

circulars issued during the year on GST, NCDs, CPs,

ISINs, etc., to the extent applicable.

9. COMPLIANCE UNDER THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013

Your Company has complied with the requirements of

the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and

related Rules during the FY 2022-23. As per the requirements

under Section 92(3) of the Act and Rules framed thereunder,

the extract of the Annual Return for FY 2022-23 is uploaded

on the website of the Company and the same is available

at ‘Events’ Page. The link for the same is https://www.

canfinhomes.com/pdf/form-MGT-7-Provisional-2023.

pdf. For more details regarding Compliances, please refer

the Secretarial Audit Report enclosed to this Report as

Annexure-1.

Significant and material orders

There are no significant and material orders passed by

the Regulators or Courts or Tribunals impacting the going

concern status and the Company’s operations in future.

The details of penalty levied by the Regulator NHB/RBI are

provided in the Report on corporate governance.

Annual Report 2022-23

53

Statutory Reports:

Managing Director to

the median remuneration of the employees (regular

employees) of the Company for the FY 2022-23 was

13.37:1

The ratio of the remuneration of Dy.: Managing

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer (CEO)

of the Company by the Board of Directors on March

18, 2023 initially for a fixed term of 3 years and further

extendable to 2 years. The appointment was approved

by the members through Postal Ballot on June 04, 2023.

4)

Shri. K Satyanarayana Raju,: Managing Director and CEO

of Canara Bank was appointed as an Additional Director

(Non-executive Promoter) on the Board of the Company

w.e.f. April 26, 2023 for a tenure upto the date of his

superannuation i.e., December 31, 2025. He has been

elected as the

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of

the Company by the Board of Directors on March 18, 2023,

has been designated by the Board as the Key Managerial

Personnel.

Shri. Prashanth Joishy, Deputy General Manager and the

Chief Financial Officer of the Company had stepped down

from the post of Chief Financial Officer on January 03, 2023,

after office hours. Shri. Prashant Joishy, Deputy General

Manager, continues to be on the rolls of the Company.

Shri. Apurav Agarwal, ACA, was appointed as the Chief

Financial Officer and Key Managerial Personnel of the

Company w.e.f. January 04, 2023 by the Board of Directors

of the Company at its Meeting held on January 03, 2023.

The appointment is in terms of the provisions of Section

203 and all other applicable provisions of the Companies

Act, 2013 read with the applicable Rules.

Smt. Shamila M, General Manager and Key Managerial

Personnel opted for voluntary retirement and was relieved

from the services on May 27, 2023.

Smt. Veena G Kamath, Company Secretary and Key

Managerial Personnel resigned on June 16, 2023 on

account of relocation. She will continue to discharge her

duties during the notice period.

Resignation/Vacation of Office:

Shri. G Naganathan (DIN: 00594503), Non-executive

Independent Director on the Board of Company has vacated

office on the conclusion of the 35th Annual General Meeting

of the Company on September 7, 2022, on completion of

his tenure.

The tenure of office of Smt. Shubhalakshmi Aamod Panse,

Non-executive and Independent Director, will be completed

on conclusion of the ensuing Annual General Meeting of

the Company and the proposal for her re-appointment is

being placed before the members at the ensuing Annual

General Meeting.

Shri. Amitabh Chatterjee, Deputy: Managing

letter of even date which is

annexed as Annexure A and Forms an integral part of this Report.

66

Can Fin Homes Ltd:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. My responsibility is to express an

opinion on these secretarial records based on my audit.

2.

I have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of

the contents of the Secretarial records.

The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. I believe that the processes

and practices, I followed provide a reasonable basis for my opinion.

3.

I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, I have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of Laws, Rules and Regulations and

happening of events, etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable Laws, Rules, Regulations, Standards is the responsibility of

the management. My examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness

with which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Sd/-

S.Viswanathan

Company Secretary

C.P.No. 5284

Place: Bengaluru

FCS No: 12190

Date: May 10, 2023

UDIN: F012190E000280689

Annual Report 2022-23

67

Statutory Reports:

Managing Director & CEO has been appointed w.e.f. March 18, 2023.

* Shri Venkata Prabhakar Lingam - Chairman (Promoter Non-Executive Director) vacated the office on completion of his tenure on December 31, 2022.

Annual Report 2022-23

71

Statutory Reports:

Managing Director & CEO

Sd/-

K Satyanarayana Raju

Chairman CSR Committee

8.

whether any capital asset have been created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility amount spent in the

financial year -No

If yes, enter the number of capital assets created/acquired

Furnished the details relating to such assert (s) so created or acquired through corporate social responsibility amount spent in the

financial year: NIL

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

SL

NO.

Short particulars of the

property or assets (s)

(including complete address

and location of the property)

Pincode of

the property

or asset(s)

Date of

creation

Amount

of CSR

amount

spent

Details of the entity/ Authority/ beneficiary of

the registered owner

CSR registration

number, if applicable

Name

Registered

Address

(All the fields should be captured as appearing in the revenue record, flat no, house no. municipal office/municipal corporation/

gram panchayat are to be specified and also the area of the immovable property as well as boundaries)

9.

Specify the reason(s), if the company has failed to spend two per cent of the average net profit as per sub-section (5) of

section 135- NA

Annual Report 2022-23

73

Statutory Reports:

Managing Director & CEO

Chairman

Annual Report 2022-23

75

Statutory Reports:

Managing Director, Deptuy: Managing

Managing Director & CEO, holds the highest authority for implementing and overseeing the

Company’s business responsibility policies.

9.

Does the entity have a specified

Committee of the Board/ Director

responsible for decision making on

sustainability related issues? (Yes / No).

If yes, provide details

The responsibility for making decisions on all matters pertaining to sustainability issues has been delegated to

the Risk Management Committee. The Committee is tasked with supervising the formulation and execution

of policies, procedures, and initiatives related to sustainability, encompassing various areas such as the

management of the Company’s environmental impact, social responsibility, and governance practices.

The Risk Management Committee comprises of:

Name

Position on the

Committee

Designation

Debashish Mukherjee

Chairman

Non-Executive Promoter Director

Shubhalakshmi Panse

Member

Non-Executive Independent Director

Anup Sankar Bhattacharya

Member

Non-Executive Independent Director

Suresh Srinivasan Iyer

Member: Managing

letter is provided, confirming that all outstanding dues related to the loan have been completely repaid.

f)

Grievance Redressal Mechanism:

Can Fin Homes has implemented a complaint management system in accordance with its Grievance Redressal policy, which

enables the recording and resolution of customer grievances and feedback. This system plays a vital role in maintaining

standardized procedures and improving service quality. The Grievance Redressal department diligently ensures prompt

resolutions, provides suitable responses and fulfils customer requirements.

2.

If there are any significant social or environmental concerns and/or risks arising from production or disposal of your products

/ services, as identified in the Life Cycle Perspective / Assessments (LCA) or through any other means, briefly describe the same

along-with action taken to mitigate the same:

This section is not applicable to the Company.

3.

Percentage of recycled or reused input material to total material (by value) used in production (for manufacturing industry) or

providing services (for service industry):

4.

Of the products and packaging reclaimed at end of life of products, amount (in metric tonnes) reused, recycled, and safely

disposed, as per the following format:

5.

Reclaimed products and their packaging materials (as percentage of products sold) for each product category:

This section is not applicable to the Company.

This section is not applicable to the Company.

This section is not applicable to the Company.

94

Can Fin Homes Ltd:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company

periodically reviews both customer feedback (complaints) and the grievance redressal process. The status of complaints,

along with their nature, is presented to the Stakeholders Relationship Committee of the Board on a quarterly basis. This

ensures transparency and accountability in addressing customer grievances.

2.

Turnover of products and/ services as a percentage of turnover from all products/service that carry information about:

Category

As a percentage to total turnover

Environmental and social parameters relevant to the product

100%

Safe and responsible usage

100%

Recycling and/or safe disposal

Not Applicable

Annual Report 2022-23

121

Statutory Reports:

Managing Director

& Chief Executive Officer of the Company and the said

appointment has been approved by the members through

Postal Ballot on June 4, 2023. Shri. K. Satyanarayana

Raju,: Managing

Managing Director and CEO of the Company since

March 18, 2023. Shri. Amitabh Chatterjee was the Dy.: Managing

Managing Director and the Deputy: Managing Director do not serve as Independent Directors in any listed company.

None of the Directors held Directorships in more than 20 Indian companies or in more than 10 public limited companies

as per Sec.165 of the Companies Act, 2013. None of the Directors on the Board is a member of more than 10 Committees

or Chairperson of 5 Committees (committees being Audit Committee and Stakeholder Relationship Committee) across

all Public Companies in India, in which he/she is a Director (Reg.26 of the SEBI Listing regulations). Necessary disclosures

regarding their Committee positions have been made by all the Directors.

The details of the Board of Directors in terms of their directorships held in listed companies, category of directorship and

their Memberships/

Managing Director -

Promoter

1

0

Ajai Kumar

2

Can Fin Homes Limited

HFCL Limited

Non- Executive Independent

Non- Executive Independent

5

3

Arvind Narayan

Yennemadi

1

Can Fin Homes Limited

Non-Executive Independent

1

1

Anup Sankar

Bhattacharya

1

Can Fin Homes Limited

Non-Executive Independent

3

0

Suresh Srinivasan

Iyer

1

Can Fin Homes Limited

Executive Director: Managing Director & CEO

1

0

K Satyanarayana

Raju

2

Can Fin Homes Limited

Canara Bank

Non-Executive & Promoter

Director

Managing Director & CEO

Nil

Nil

Murali Ramaswami

2

Can Fin Homes Limited

Karur Vysya Bank

Non-Executive Independent

Non-Executive Independent

2

1

Ajay Kumar Singh

1

Can Fin Homes Limited

Executive Director

Dy. Managing Director -

Promoter

1

0

#Lakshmi Vilas Bank Limited is amalgamated with DBS Bank w.e.f. 27/11/2020 & Board of Lakshmi Vilas Bank has been superseded.

vi. Number of meetings of Board of Directors

The Board meets at least once in a quarter to review

the quarterly performance and financial results of the

Company. Apart from the scheduled Board Meetings,

additional Board Meetings are also convened to ensure

smooth operations of the Company. In the event of

any special and urgent business need, the Board's

approval is taken by passing resolutions by circulation,

in accordance with all the applicable laws, which are

noted in the succeeding Board Meeting. The meetings

are normally facilitated through video conferencing,

to encourage effective and active involvement in the

deliberations by directors from their respective locations

and the deemed venue for the meetings is `The Board

Room’ in the Registered Office of the Company.

The Company Secretary, in consultation with the

Managing Director & CEO)

NA

NA

NA

Shri. Debashish Mukherjee

(Non-executive Promoter) #

11/11

345000#

Attended

Smt. Shubhalakshmi Aamod Panse

(Independent Director)

11/11

330000

Attended

Shri. Ajai Kumar (Independent Director)

11/11

330000

Attended

Shri. Arvind Narayan Yennemadi

(Independent Director)

7/7

210000

Attended

Shri. Anup Sankar Bhattacharya

(Independent Director)

7/7

210000

Attended

Shri. Satish Kumar Kalra (Independent Director)

11/11

330000

Attended

Shri. Amitabh Chatterjee (Executive, Promoter)

11/11

NA

Attended

Shri. L V Prabhakar, Chairman

(Non-executive Promoter) #

8/8

280000#

Attended

Shri. Girish Kousgi,: Managing Director & CEO

7/7

NA

Attended

Shri. Naganathan Ganesan,

(Independent Director)

4/4

120000

Attended

Shri. Murali Ramaswami

(Additional Director, Independent)

NA

NA

NA

Shri. Ajay Kumar Singh

(Executive, Promoter)

NA

NA

NA

concerned departments. The Action Taken Reports

(ATRs) on the decisions of the previous meetings are

placed at the succeeding meetings of the Board for

review/noting. A similar procedure is followed for each

of the meetings of the Board committees.

The Company ensures minimum gap between the

review of financial results by the Audit Committee and

approval of the same by the Board, as required under

the provisions of SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading)

Regulations, 2015.

The Board of Directors of your Company met 11 times

during the FY 2022–23: April 29, 2022, May 19, 2022,

July 21, 2022, August 4, 2022, September 21, 2022,

September 28, 2022, October 17, 2022, November 28,

2022, January 3, 2023, January 19, 2023, March 18,

2023. All members of the Board were present in all the

meetings. Requisite quorum was present at the above

Meetings.

The Board met on April 26, 2023 to approve the annual

audited financial results of the Company for the year

ended March 31, 2023.

Attendance of each Director etc.:

NA – Not Applicable

# Sitting fee paid to Canara Bank.

-Shri. Naganathan Ganesan, FCA, Non-Executive Independent Director vacated the Office on completion of his tenure on September 7, 2022.

-Shri. Girish Kousgi, Managing Director & CEO resigned and vacated the office on October 20, 2022, after office hours.

-Shri. L V Prabhakar, Non-Executive Promoter

Managing Director, Deputy: Managing Director, Non-Independent Directors and

the

Managing Director & CEO of the Company is

placed as Annexure-1 to this Report. In terms of the Code

of Conduct of Independent Directors as per Schedule

IV of the Companies Act, 2013, the Board has adopted

the said Code and all the Independent Directors have

affirmed that they shall abide by the said Code. The

Code of Conduct of Board of Directors, Independent

Directors and Senior Management Personnel are made

available in the Company’s official website.

In terms of the Master Direction – Non-Banking

Financial Company – Housing Finance Company

(Reserve Bank) Directions, 2021 (RBI Master Directions

for HFCs), all the Directors have executed the

Declarations-cum- undertakings as well as the Deed of

Covenants with the Company.

Annual Report 2022-23

133

Statutory Reports:

Managing Director and Dy.: Managing

Managing Director & CEO:

Shri. Girish Kousgi (relieved on October

20, 2022) includes; Salary H 60,82,535/-;

Company’s Contribution to PF H4,78,791/-

and reimbursements of H12,83,334/-

Shri. Suresh S Iyer (from March 18, 2023)

includes: Salary H 6,61,613/-; Company’s

Contribution to PF H74,516/-

The remuneration paid for FY 2022-23 to the

Deputy: Managing

Managing Director &

CEO)

2/2

NA

Shri. Naganathan Ganesan

Member (Non- Executive

Independent)

2/2

30,000

Smt. Shubhalakshmi Aamod

Panse

Member (Non- Executive

Independent)

4/4

60,000

Shri. Amitabh Chatterjee

Member (Executive, Promoter)

2/2

NA

Shri. Anup Sankar Bhattacharya

Member (Non-Executive

Independent)

2/2

30,000

Shri. Suresh Srinivasan Iyer

Member (: Managing Director &

CEO)

NA

NA

-Shri. Naganathan Ganesan, Member (Non-executive Independent Director)

vacated office on completion of his tenure on September 7, 2022

-Shri. Anup Sankar Bhattacharya, Member (Non-Executive Independent)

was inducted as a member on September 14, 2022

-Shri. Girish Kousgi, Member (Managing Director & CEO) vacated the

office on October 20, 2022

-Shri. Suresh Srinivasan Iyer, Member (Managing Director & CEO) has

been appointed on March 18, 2023.

-Shri. Amitabh Chatterjee, Member (Executive, Promoter) was inducted as a

member on September 14, 2022 and vacated the office on June 01, 2023

-Shri. Satish Kumar Kalra,

Managing Director &

CEO)

NA

NA

NA – Not Applicable

# Sitting fee paid to Canara Bank.

-Shri. Naganathan Ganesan, Member (Non-executive Independent Director)

has vacated office on completion of his tenure on September 7, 2022.

-Shri. Arvind Narayan Yennemadi, Member (Non-Executive Independent

Director) has been appointed on September 14, 2022

-Shri. Girish Kousgi, Member (: Managing Director & CEO) vacated the

office on October 20, 2022.

- Shri. L V Prabhakar,

Managing Director &

CEO)

3/3

NA

Smt. Shubhalakshmi Aamod

Panse

Member (Non- Executive

Independent Director)

5/5

75,000

Shri. Amitabh Chatterjee

Member (Executive, Promoter)

5/5

NA

Shri. Anup Sankar Bhattacharya

Member (Non- Executive

Independent Director)

3/3

45,000

Shri. Suresh Srinivasan Iyer

Member (: Managing Director &

CEO)

NA

NA

Smt. Shamila M

Member (General Manager)

5/5

NA

Members

Number of

meetings

attended/

held during

the tenure of

the member

Sitting Fee

Paid (J)

Shri. H R Narendra

Member (Chief Risk Officer)

1/1

NA

Shri. Ajay Kumar Shettar

Member (Chief Compliance

officer)

4/4

NA

Shri. Uthaya Kumar A

Member (DGM & Chief Risk

Officer)

3/3

NA

Shri. R Madhu Kumar, Member

(AGM & Chief Compliance

Officer)

1/1

NA

NA – Not Applicable #Sitting fee paid to Canara Bank.

-Shri. H R Narendra, Chief Risk Officer attained superannuation on May

31, 2022.

-Shri. Uthaya Kumar A, Member (DGM) has been designated as the Chief

Risk Officer on August 4, 2022.

-Shri. Anup Sankar Bhattacharya, Member (Non- Executive Independent

Director) has been appointed on September 14, 2022.

-Shri. Girish Kousgi, Managing Director & CEO vacated the office on

October 20, 2022.

-Shri. Ajay Kumar Shettar, Member (Chief Compliance officer) attained

superannuation on February 28, 2023.

-Shri. R Madhu Kumar, Member (Chief Compliance Officer) appointed on

March 1, 2023.

-Shri. Suresh Srinivasan Iyer, Member (Managing Director & CEO) has

been appointed on March 18, 2023.

-Smt. Shamila M, Member (General Manager) vacated the office on May

27, 2023

-Shri. Amitabh Chatterjee, Member (Executive, Promoter) has vacated

the office on June 01, 2023

-Shri. Ajay Kumar Singh (Executive, Promoter) and and B M Sudhakar

(DGM - officiating as GM) were inducted as the Members of the

Committee w.e.f. June 19, 2023.

Other details

•

Approvals were also obtained by way of Circular

resolutions during the year.

•

The Company Secretary acts as the Secretary to the

Risk Management Committee.

•

The previous AGM of the Company was held on

September 07, 2022 and was attended by Shri.

Debashish Mukherjee,

Managing Director.

Necessary measures have been put in place by the Board to

safeguard the independence of the CRO. The CRO meets

the members of the Risk management Committee/ Board

at least once in a quarter in accordance with the norms

set out in NHB/RBI guidelines. Further, the CRO has vetted

the credit products offered by the Company from the

perspective of inherent and control risks.

The CRO did not have any reporting relationship with

business verticals of the Company or business targets.

IT Strategy Committee

Extract of terms of reference

The IT Strategy Committee is constituted as per NHB

guidelines NHB (ND) / DRS/ Policy Circular No.90/2017–18.

The broad terms of reference are as under:

•

Conducts gap analysis between the current IT

framework and stipulations as laid out in the specified

circulars and

•

To review and amend/ frame IT strategies as and when

required.

•

In addition, the role and responsibilities as per RBI

Master Directions for HFCs and the guidelines and/or

circulars issued in this regard from time to time.

Nos. of meetings held

Six meetings of the IT Strategy Committee were held during

the year under review i.e. on June 28, 2022, August 16,2022,

October 31, 2022, November 21, 2022, February 9, 2023

and March 15, 2023. All the members of the Committee

were present in all meetings. Requisite quorum was present

at the above Meetings.

Category and composition

Members

Number of

meetings

attended/

held during

the tenure of

the member

Sitting Fee

Paid (J)

Shri. Ajai Kumar

Chairman (Non-Executive

Independent Director)

6/6

1,20,000

Members

Number of

meetings

attended/

held during

the tenure of

the member

Sitting Fee

Paid (J)

Shri. Girish Kousgi

Member (: Managing

Managing Director of the Company is the Chairperson

of the Committee. Shri. Debashish Mukherjee (Non-

Executive Promoter Director), Smt. Shubhalakshmi Aamod

Panse (Non-Executive Independent Director), the Deputy: Managing

Managing Director and CEO of the

Company. The Ordinary Resolution was passed with

requisite majority on June 4, 2023.

The details of voting pattern is provided below:

Resolution 1: Ordinary Resolution - Appointment of Shri Suresh Srinivasan Iyer (DIN-10054487) as: Managing

Managing Director and

CEO provides brief information on quarterly/annual

results and corporate actions on TV channels and in

print media, within the permissible disclosure norms.

(e) Presentations made to Institutional Investors or to the

Analysts - The: Managing

letter of

SEBI dated April 08, 2022, we had placed the proposal

before the members at the 35th Annual General

Meeting held on September 7, 2022, for prior approval

for related party transactions which may exceed the

materiality threshold prescribed under Regulation 23 of

the SEBI Listing Regulations and the limits prescribed

u/s.188 of the Companies Act, 2013.

The Company has been disclosing all the transactions

with related parties on a quarterly basis to the stock

exchanges along with the compliance report on

corporate governance in terms of Regulation 27 of

SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015. The Company maintains Register

under Section 189 of the Companies Act, 2013. The

Annual Report 2022-23

145

Statutory Reports:

letter dated

October 15, 2020 had imposed a penalty of

H5,900/- (inclusive of GST@18%) for alleged

contravention of section 29 of the NHB Act, 1987,

relating to creation of floating charge on SLR

investments in favour of the Deposit Trustee, on

SLR investment maintained to an extent of more

than 13% (requirement 13%) on the total public

deposit outstanding as on the last day of 2nd

preceding quarter. The Company had sent a reply

to NHB and remitted the amount.

(ii)

During FY 2021–22, NHB vide its: letter dated June

11, 2021, had imposed a penalty of H29,13,234/-

plus applicable GST @18%, for accepting individual

deposits aggregating to H14,56,617/- from five small

depositors for a period of less than 12 months during

2018–19, in contravention with provisions of Para 4

of the HFCs (NHB) Directions, 2010. The Company

had replied to NHB that five deposits aggregating

to H14,56,617/- (out of about 4000 deposits), were

accepted in the year 2018–19 for a tenure of less

than 12 months by three of its branches inadvertently.

NHB has imposed a penalty of twice the amount of

deposits collected, i.e., H29,13,234/-. The Company

had remitted the amount and had preferred an appeal

to NHB against the levy of penalty. The Company

has taken all necessary measures to strengthen the

checks and controls to ensure that such incidents do

not recur.

Regulatory orders: There were no regulatory orders

pertaining to the Company for the year ended March

31, 2023.

(c) Details of establishment of vigil mechanism / whistle

blower policy

The Company has adopted a Whistle Blower Policy/

vigil mechanism for the Directors, employees and

other stakeholders to enable them to report concerns

about unethical behaviour, actual or suspected fraud

or violation of the Company’s Code of Conduct.

Under this mechanism, the improper practice, if any,

in the Company, can be directly reported to the Audit

Committee. A communication in this regard has

been sent to all the employees of the Company and

reiterated during the Branch Managers’ Conference,

training programs and in Circulars.

The Company affirms that the mechanism provides

adequate

safeguards

against

victimization

of

Director(s)/ employee(s) who use the mechanism,

provides for direct access to the

Managing Director and CEO of the Company has given

a declaration that the members of the Board of Directors and

Senior Management Personnel have affirmed compliance

with the Code of conduct of Board of Directors and Senior

Management respectively, during the year ended March 31,

2023. The said declaration has been placed as Annexure-1

to this Report.

10. CEO and CFO Certification

In terms of Regulation 17(8) and Part B of Schedule II

of SEBI Listing Regulation, a certificate from the Chief

Executive Officer (CEO) and the Chief Financial Officer

(CFO) of the Company confirming, amongst other aspects,

the correctness of the financial statements, adequacy of

internal control measures and matters to be reported to

the Audit Committee, were taken on record at the Board

meeting held on April 26, 2023 convened for approval of

the audited financial results of the Company for the year

under review. The said certification has been placed as

Annexure-3 to this report.

11. Disclosures with respect to demat suspense

account/ unclaimed suspense account

In accordance with the requirement of Regulation 34(3) and

Part F of Schedule V to the SEBI Listing Regulations, details

of equity shares in the suspense account are as follows:

Particulars

Number of shareholders

Number of equity shares

Aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding shares in the

suspense account lying at the beginning of the year

7

2275 shares of

H 2/- each

Shareholders who approached the Company for transfer of shares

from suspense account during the year

Nil

Nil

Shareholders to whom shares were transferred from the suspense

account during the year

Nil

Nil

Aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding shares in the

suspense account lying as on March 31, 2023

7

2275 shares of

H 2/- each

Annual Report 2022-23

151

Statutory Reports:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer of Can Fin Homes Limited hereby declare that all the members of the

Board have affirmed compliance with the Code of Conduct of Board of Directors for the financial year ended 31/03/2023.

I further declare that all the members of Senior Management Personnel of the Company have’ affirmed compliance with the Code of

Conduct of the Senior Management for the financial year ended 31/03/2023.

Sd/

Place: Bengaluru

Suresh S Iyer

Date: April 17, 2023: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

The Board of Directors

Can Fin Homes Limited

Bengaluru

Dear Board members,

Sub: CEO and CFO certification for the year ended March 31, 2023

In terms of Regulation 17(8) read with Part B of schedule II of SEBI (Listing obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015,

we certify that:

a)

We have reviewed financial statements and the Cash Flow Statement for the year ended March 31, 2023 and that to the best of

our knowledge and belief:

i.

These statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements that might

be misleading;

ii.

These statements together present a true and fair view of the company's affairs and are in compliance with existing

Accounting Standards, applicable laws and regulations.

b)

There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the year ended March

31, 2023, which are fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company's code of conduct.

c)

We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that we have evaluated the

effectiveness of internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting and we have disclosed to the auditors

and the Audit Committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls, if any, of which we are aware and the

steps taken or proposed to be taken to rectify these deficiencies.

d)

We have indicated to the auditors and the Audit Committee:

i.

significant changes in internal control if any, over financial reporting during the year;

ii.

significant changes in accounting policies, if any, during the year and the same have been disclosed in the notes to the

financial statements; and

iii.

Instances during the year of significant fraud, if any, of which we have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of

the management or an employee having a significant role in the company’s internal control system over financial reporting.

154

Can Fin Homes Ltd:

letter dated April 08, 2023.

SEBI vide its circular SEBI/HO/OIAE/2023/03391 dated

January 27, 2023 issued a: letter to all listed Companies and

RTA’s for generating awareness on availability of Dispute

Resolution Mechanism at Stock Exchanges against Listed

Companies /Registrar to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents

(RTAs). In this regard it was advised that listed Companies

shall coordinate with RTAs and shall arrange for sending

SMS/ E-mail to all the investors who hold shares in physical

form stating if you have any dispute against the Company

and/or its Registrar and Share Transfer Agent (RTA) on delay

or default in processing your request, as per SEBI circular

No. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2022/75 dated May 05,

2022, you can file for arbitration with Stock Exchange.

Where mobile number or E-mail was not available and

where E-mail or SMS have bounced, the Company had sent

a registered post/speed post to their last known address

BANK ACCOUNT PARTICULARS

SEBI has issued a Circular CIR/MRD/ DP/10/2013 dated March

21, 2013 [in the light of developments in the field of electronic

payment system by various modes viz., National Electronic

Fund Transfer (NEFT), Real Time Gross Settlement (RTGS) etc.,]

whereby it has been made mandatory for the Companies to

maintain requisite bank details of their investors. Further, as per

MCA General Circular No.20/2020 dated May 05, 2020, dividend

amount has been credited directly into the Bank accounts by

way of NEFT, RTGS, etc. of the shareholders who have furnished

bank account details to the Company / Registrar. In terms of the

said circulars, the Company has been making remittances, if any,

to members through electronic mode into the bank account as

per details sought from NSDL/ CDSL (demat accounts) and to

the account particulars furnished to the Company/RTA by the

physical holders.

Members are requested to update the bank account particulars

or any change in the Bank account particulars promptly to their

respective depository, if the shares are held in demat mode or

to the Company or the RTA, if the shares are still held in physical

mode.

NOMINATION

Pursuant to Section 72 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 19

of the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014,

individual/joint members of the Company may at any time,

nominate, in Form No.SH-13, any person as his/ her nominee to

whom the security shall vest in the event of his/her death. Only

individual shareholder(s) applying for/holding shares on his/

her behalf can make a nomination. If the shares are held jointly,

all the holders shall together nominate an individual person as

their nominee. Nomination stands automatically rescinded on

transfer/ dematerialisation of shares.

The said form is made available on the website of the Company

in ‘Investor page’. Shareholders holding shares in dematerialised

form are requested to contact their respective depository

participants. Shareholders holding shares in physical form are

requested to submit the Form to the RTA.

Permanent Account Number

Members who hold shares in physical form are advised to

submit their self-attested PAN card copies to the Company or

the RTA as the same has been made mandatory by SEBI. The

PAN card copies of the transferor(s), transferee(s), surviving joint

164

Can Fin Homes Ltd

letter duly signed by all the

shareholders. This will facilitate safe keeping and save cost at

the time of dematerialisation. The above would be subject to

verification of the signature(s) of the concerned shareholders.

Email ID Registration: To support the green initiative,

shareholders are requested to register their email address with

their DPs or with the Company’s RTA, as the case may be.

Communications in relation to the Company like, Dividend

Credit Intimations, Notice of AGM and Annual Report are

regularly sent electronically to such shareholders who have

registered their email addresses. The Company/RTA periodically

sends reminder to all those shareholders who haven’t registered

their email address.

Legal Proceedings

There are certain pending cases related to disputes over title to

company shares, in which the Company has been made party

only as a proforma defendant / respondent. However, these

cases are not material in nature.

SEBI Complaints Redressal System (SCORES)

SEBI vide its Circular dated March 26, 2018 issued new policy

measures with respect to SEBI Complaints Redress System

(SCORES). Under this system, SEBI has requested the Members

to approach the Company directly at the first instance for their

grievance redressal. If the Company doesn’t resolve a complaint

of the shareholders within the stipulated time, then they may

lodge a complaint with SEBI/Stock Exchanges for further action.

Further, SEBI vide Circular dated August 13, 2020, has specified

standard operating procedure for handling complaints by stock

exchanges. Accordingly, the Company is now required to resolve

the Complaint within a period of 30 days of receipt of the same.

COMPLIANCE OFFICER

Smt. Veena G Kamath

DGM & Company Secretary

Can Fin Homes Limited,

Sir M N Krishna Rao Road, Basavanagudi,

Bengaluru 560004.

Phone:080-48536192, Fax:080-26565746

Email: investor.relationship@canfinhomes.com

compsec@canfinhomes.com

Shri Madhu Kumar R

AGM & Chief Compliance Officer

Can Fin Homes Limited,

Sir M N Krishna Rao Road, Basavanagudi,

Bengaluru 560004.

Phone:080-41285779, Fax:080-26565746

Email: compliance@canfinhomes.com

Annual Report 2022-23

165

Statutory Reports:

Managing Director & CEO

2. Girish Kousgi ( till 31/10/2022): Managing

Managing Director & CEO remuneration subjected to members approval

244

Can Fin Homes Ltd:

Managing Director or Manager is accustomed to

act in accordance with the advice, directions or

instructions of a Director or Manager;

(vii) any person on whose advice, directions or

instructions a Director or Manager is accustomed

to act: Provided that nothing in sub-clauses (vi)

and (vii) shall apply to the advice, directions or

instructions given in a professional capacity;

(viii) any Company which is —

(A) a holding, subsidiary or an associate company

of such company; or

(B) a subsidiary of a holding company to which it

is also a subsidiary;

(C) an investing company or the venture of the

Company

Explanation- For the purpose of this clause,

“the investing company or the venture of a

Annexure 1 – Definitions

268

Can Fin Homes Ltd:

Managing Director) of the Company

for a period of 2 (Two) years from the date of his deputation

i.e., up to March 31, 2025 subject to further extension in the

period of service, not exceeding the period as prescribed

under Sec 196 of the Act, if any, by Canara Bank at such

remuneration as detailed in the terms and conditions of

deputation received from Canara Bank, he is entitled to in

accordance with the Service Regulations of Canara Bank,

subject to any modifications, revisions thereon (including

revision on account of promotion etc., that may take place

from time to time) payable by way of reimbursement to

Canara Bank and incentives as per the schemes approved

by the Board of Directors of the Company and on the terms

and conditions as detailed in the explanatory statement

attached hereto, provided however that the remuneration

payable to Shri Ajay Kumar Singh, shall not exceed the limits

prescribed under Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013,

including any amendment(s), modification(s), variation(s) or

re-enactment(s) thereof from time to time.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors be and

is hereby authorised to do all such acts, deeds, matters

and things and execute all such agreements, documents,

instruments and writings, as may be required and to

delegate all or any of its powers herein conferred to any

Directors(s) or Committee of Directors to give effect to the

aforesaid resolutions.”

6.

Related Party Transactions/ Arrangements

To approve existing as well as new material related party

transactions with Canara Bank, Canara HSBC Life Insurance

Company Limited and Other Subsidiaries, Associates and

Joint Venture Companies of Canara Bank.

To consider and if thought fit, to pass, with or without

modification(s), the following resolutions as Ordinary

Resolution:

“RESOLVED that pursuant to the provisions of Regulation

23(4) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), as amended from time

to time, Section 188 and other applicable provisions of

the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) read with Rules made

thereunder, other applicable laws/statutory provisions, if any,

(including any statutory modification(s) or amendment(s)

or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force),

the Company’s Policy on Related Party Transactions, and

subject to such approval(s), consent(s), permission(s) as may

be necessary from time to time and basis the approval and

recommendation of the Audit Committee and the Board of

Directors of the Company, the approval of the Members of

the Company be and is hereby accorded to the Company

to enter/continue to enter into Material Related Party

Transaction(s)/ Contract(s)/ Arrangement(s)/Agreement(s)

(whether by way of an individual transaction or transaction

taken together or series of transactions or otherwise) with

entities falling within the definition of ‘Related Party’ under

Section 2(76) of the Act and Regulation 2(1)(zb) of the SEBI

Listing Regulations, from the conclusion of this Annual

General Meeting until the conclusion of the next Annual

General Meeting in the course of related party transactions,

on such terms and conditions as detailed in the explanatory

statements pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Act and as

may be mutually agreed between such related parties

and the Company such that the value of the related party

transactions with such parties, in aggregate does not

exceed the value as specified under each category in the

explanatory statement.

RESOLVED FURTHER that the Board of Directors of the

Company (hereinafter referred to as ‘Board’ which term

shall be deemed to include the Audit Committee of the

Company and any duly constituted/ to be constituted

Committee of Directors thereof and/or officers of the

Company to exercise its powers including powers conferred

under this resolution) be and is hereby authorised to do all

such acts, deeds, matters and things as it may deem fit at

its absolute discretion and to take all such steps as may

be required in this connection including finalizing and

executing necessary documents, contract(s), scheme(s),

agreement(s), instrument(s) and such other documents

as may be required, seeking all necessary approvals to

give effect to these resolution(s), for and on behalf of the

Company and settling all such issues, questions, difficulties

or doubts whatsoever that may arise and to take all such

decisions from powers herein conferred to, without

being required to seek further consent or approval of the

Members and that the Members shall be deemed to have

given their approval thereto expressly by the authority of

this resolution.”

“RESOLVED FURTHER that all actions taken by the Board

in connection with any matter referred to or contemplated

284

Can Fin Homes Ltd:

letter,

offer document, offering circular, placement document

or otherwise, in such manner and on such terms and

conditions including at such price or prices (including floor

price), at a discount or premium to market price or prices

(as permitted under the applicable laws), etc., as may be

deemed appropriate by the Board in its absolute discretion,

including the discretion to determine the categories of

investors to whom the offer, issue and allotment shall be

made to the exclusion of other categories of Investors at the

time of such offer, issue and allotment of equity shares of H

2/- each of the Company to one or more of the members,

employees of the Company by way of ESOS/ESPS, Indian

nationals,

Non-Resident

Indians

(NRIs),

Companies

(private or public), Investment institutions, Societies,

Trusts, Research Organisations, Qualified Institutional

Buyers (“QIBs”) like Foreign Institutional Investors (“FIIs”),

Banks,

Financial

Institutions,

Indian

Mutual

Funds,

Venture Capital Funds, Foreign Venture Capital Investors,

Alternate Investment Funds, State Industrial Development

Corporations, Insurance Companies, Provident Funds,

Pension Funds, Development Financial Institutions or

other entities, authorities or any other category of investors

which are authorized to invest in equity /preference shares/

securities of the Company (collectively called “Investors”) in

accordance with all the applicable laws, rules, regulations

and guidelines, considering the then prevailing market

conditions and other relevant factors and wherever

necessary in consultation with the lead manager(s) and/or

underwriter(s) and/or other advisor(s) for such issue.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the allotment of Securities,

in case of QIP or any other mode as per the above

resolutions pursuant to Chapter V and/or Chapter VI of

ICDR Regulations, as the case may be, shall be made to the

QIBs or such other Investors within the meaning prescribed

under the said regulations and such securities shall be

fully paid-up and the allotment of Eligible Securities (or

any combination of Eligible Securities as may be decided

by the Board) to be completed within 365 days from the

date of passing of these Resolutions or such other time as

may be allowed under the ICDR Regulations from time to

time, at such price being not less than the price determined

in accordance with the pricing formula provided under

Chapter V and/or Chapter VI of ICDR Regulations, as

applicable and as may be amended from time to time,

provided that the Board may, in accordance with applicable

laws, offer a discount of not more than 5% (five percent)

or such percentage as permitted under the applicable laws,

with such lock-in requirements as provided under Chapter

V and/or Chapter VI of ICDR Regulations, as applicable, as

may be amended from time to time and the “Relevant Date”

for the purpose of pricing of the Equity Shares shall be the

date of the meeting in which the Board decides to open

the proposed issue of Equity Shares as may be determined

by the Board in accordance with the ICDR Regulations

and if the issue and allotment of equity shares, if any, to

NRIs, FIIs and/or other eligible foreign investors be subject

to the approval of the RBI under the Foreign Exchange

Management Act, 1999 as may be applicable and within the

overall limits set forth under the said Act.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Equity Shares so issued by

the Company as per the above resolutions shall be subject

to the provisions of the Memorandum and Articles of

Association of the Company and shall rank pari-passu with

the existing Equity Shares of the Company in all respects.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Equity Shares so issued by

the Company as per the above resolutions shall be listed on

the Stock Exchanges, where the existing Equity Shares of

the Company are listed.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect

to the above resolutions, the Board or a Committee thereof

be and is hereby authorized on behalf of the Company to

do all such acts, deeds, matters and things including but

not limited to finalization and approval of the preliminary

as well as final placement document(s), determining the

type, form and manner of the issue, class of the investors

to whom the Securities are to be offered, utilization of the

issue proceeds, number of securities to be allotted in each

tranche, issue price, face value, discounts permitted under

the applicable law (now or hereafter), premium amount on

issue of the securities, if any, and to dispose of unsubscribed

shares as it deems fit and/or in consultation with the lead

managers, underwriters, advisers and/or other persons

as appointed by the Company, and execution of various

agreements, deeds, instruments and other documents,

including the private placement offer: letter, and to give

instructions or directions or clarifications and to settle all

questions, difficulties or doubts that may arise in regard to

the issue, offer or allotment of securities and utilization of

the issue proceeds and to accept and to give effect to such

modifications, changes, variations, alterations, deletions,

Annual Report 2022-23

287

Notice

letter

etc., authorising their representative to attend the

AGM through VC and vote on their behalf. The said

Resolution/Authorization

with

attested

specimen

signature of the duly authorized signatory/ies who

are authorized to vote to the Scrutinizer by email

canfinscrutinizer@gmail.com with a copy marked to

evoting@nsdl.co.in

2.

It is strongly recommended not to share your password

with any other person and take utmost care to keep

your password confidential. Login to the e-Voting

website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful

attempts to key-in the correct password.

In such an event, you will need to go through the

“Forgot User Details/ Password?” or “Physical User

Reset Password?” option available on https://www.

evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

3.

In case of any queries relating to e-Voting you may

refer to the FAQs for Shareholders and e-Voting user

manual for Shareholders available at the download

section of https://www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll

free no.: 1800 1020 990 and 1800 22 44 30 or send a

request to Ms. Prajakta Pawle at evoting@nsdl.co.in.

Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not

registered with the depositories for procuring user id and

password and registration of e mail ids for e-Voting for

the resolutions set out in this notice:

1.

In case shares are held in physical mode please provide

Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the

294

Can Fin Homes Ltd:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Shri Amitabh Chatterjee, Deputy

General Manager and Shri Ajay Kumar Singh, Deputy General Manager of the Canara Bank.

Details of remuneration

sought to be paid, if any

The details of remuneration are provided infra.

Justification for choosing the

appointee for appointment

(Skills and capability required

for the role and the Director

meets such requirement)

(applicable only for

Independent Directors)

Not applicable as he is a promoter non-executive Director and not an Independent Director.

However, he possesses the skills and capability required for the role.

He is not disqualified from being re-appointed as a director

in terms of Section 164(2) of the Companies Act, 2013. The

requisite Form DIR-8 is received from him, in terms of the

Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules,

2014, confirming his eligibility. He has also confirmed that he is

not debarred from holding the office of director by virtue of any

order by SEBI or any other authority.

Shri Debashish Mukherjee has confirmed that he continues to

satisfy the fit and proper criteria as prescribed under RBI Master

Direction – Non-Banking Financial Company – Housing Finance

Company (Reserve Bank) Directions, 2021 (Master Direction

NBFC-HFC (Reserve Bank) Directions, 2021).

Remuneration & key terms of appointment: Shri Debashish

Mukherjee, a non-executive Promoter Director of the Company

would be eligible to receive a sitting fee of Rs.30,000/- for

attending the meeting of the Board and Rs.15,000/- for

attending a meeting of the Committee and the Chairperson of

the Board and Committees are eligible for an additional fee of

Rs.5,000/-. The Directors are also eligible for re-imbursement

of travel and lodging expenses relating to meetings as per the

Articles of Association of the Company. However, the Company

has received a communication from Canara Bank not to

pay any sitting fee to the Bank for participation of promoter

directors w.e.f. April 01, 2023. Shri Debashish Mukherjee has

been appointed as a Director liable to retire by rotation. He is a

Promoter Non-Executive Director.

The consents, declarations, deeds and covenants executed by

Shri Debashish Mukherjee would be available for inspection by

the members as mentioned in the notes to this Notice.

The Nomination Remuneration & HR Committee at its meeting

held on May 19, 2023 has determined that Shri Debashish

Mukherjee continues to be a fit and proper candidate for re-

appointment and his performance has been evaluated by the

Independent Directors for the year ended March 31, 2023. Your

directors are of the opinion that Shri Debashish Mukherjee

fulfils the conditions specified in the Companies Act, 2013,

SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 and Master Direction NBFC-

HFC (Reserve Bank) Directions, 2021, for re-appointment as a

Director and his appointment as a Director would be in the best

interest of the Company.

Annual Report 2022-23

299

Notice:

Managing Director & CEO of Canara Bank

with effect from February 07, 2023. He had worked as Executive Director of Canara Bank from

March 10, 2021 and had been overseeing various verticals in Canara Bank including Information

Technology & Digital Banking, Business Analytics & Information System, Inspection, Compliance,

Priority Credit, Financial Inclusion, Gold Loan, MSME, Retail Asset, Corporate Credit, General

Administration, Marketing & Public Relations, etc.

He had joined erstwhile Vijaya Bank in 1988 and had risen to the level of General Manager and after

merger he was elevated to the rank of Chief General Manager in Bank of Baroda. During his tenure

at erstwhile Vijaya Bank (Bank of Baroda), he had headed various branches including specialized

corporate banking branch. He had served as Regional Head of various regions and also served as

Zonal Head of Mumbai zone of the amalgamated Bank of Baroda. He has also headed operations

and services department at Bank of Baroda. He had served as a Director in BoB Financial Solutions

Limited, a subsidiary of Bank of Baroda and as a Director in Canbank Computer Services Ltd.

He is currently a member on the Boards of two listed entities viz., Can Fin Homes Limited and

Canara Bank.

Terms and conditions of

appointment & details of

remuneration

Details are provided infra.

No. of meetings of the Board

attended during the year

Not applicable. Shri K Satyanarayana Raju has been appointed as a director in the current financial

year i.e., on April 26, 2023.

300

Can Fin Homes Ltd:

Managing Director & CEO of Canara Bank and Director in Canara

HSBC Life Insurance Company Limited.

Memberships/ Chairmanships

of the committee of the Board

of Directors of the Company /

other Companies

Shri K Satyanarayana Raju is member of following Committees of Canara Bank:

1. Risk Management Committee

2. IT Strategy Committee

3. Sub-Committee on Human Resources

4. Sub-Committee on Business Plan Strategy

5. Special Committee of the Board for Monitoring and Following up cases of Frauds

Shri K Satyanarayana Raju is Chairman of following Committees of Canara Bank:

1. Management Committee of the Board

2. Committee for Monitoring Recovery

3. Sub - Committee - Capital Planning Process of the Bank

4. Customer Service Committee of the Board

5. Sub Committee of the Board to Review Classification of Willful Defaulters

6. Committee of Directors

7. Subcommittee - Sustainable Development Corporate Social Responsibility (SC-SDCSR)

8. Departmental Promotion Committee

Listed entities from which the

Director has resigned in the

past three years

1. Canbank Computer Services Limited

2. BoB Financial Solutions Limited

Number of shares held in

the Company including as a

beneficial owner

Shri K Satyanarayana Raju, Director, is not holding any shares in the Company (both own and held

by/for other persons on a beneficial basis) and he has not availed any loan from the Company, as

per his declarations.

Disclosure of relationships

between directors inter-se

None of the directors are related inter-se.

No Director or any Key Managerial Personnel or the relatives of the directors or Key Managerial

Personnel is in any way concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, except Shri Debashish

Mukherjee, Executive Director, Shri Amitabh Chatterjee, Deputy General Manager and Shri Ajay

Kumar Singh, Deputy General Manager of the Canara Bank.

Details of remuneration sought

to be paid, if any

The details of remuneration are provided infra.

Justification for choosing the

appointee for appointment

(Skills and capability required

for the role and the Director

meets such requirement)

(applicable only for

Independent Directors)

Not applicable as he is a promoter non-executive Director and not an Independent Director.

However, he possesses the skills and capability required for the role.

Annual Report 2022-23

301

Notice:

Managing Director)

of the Company with effect from June 19, 2023 in terms of the

applicable clauses of the Articles of Association of the Company

and Section 152, 161, 196, 197, 198, 203 and all other applicable

provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013, related rules, read

with Schedule V to the said Act, applicable provisions of the SEBI

(Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 and Master Direction NBFC-HFC (Reserve Bank) Directions,

2021, for a period of three years from the date of his deputation

i.e., upto March 31, 2025 at such remuneration, as detailed in the

terms and conditions of deputation received from Canara Bank.

The said appointment is subject to approval by the members

of the Company in terms of the provisions of the above cited

acts/rules/ directions/ regulations and the Board of directors is

seeking the approval of the members in the ensuing AGM.

In terms of Section 160 and all other applicable provisions of the

Companies Act, 2013, your Company has received a notice in

writing from a member signifying their intention to propose the

candidature of Shri Ajay Kumar Singh for appointment for the

office of Director of the Company.

In terms of Section 161 of the Companies Act, 2013, Shri Ajay

Kumar Singh holds office only up to the date of the ensuing

Annual General Meeting.

In terms of Regulation 17(1C) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations 2015,

approval of shareholders for appointment or re-appointment of

a person on the Board of Directors is taken at the next general

meeting or within a time period of three months from the date

of appointment, whichever is earlier. Hence, this agenda forms

part of this Notice.

Brief Profile and particulars of Shri Ajay Kumar Singh, pursuant

to Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations and SS-2

(“Secretarial Standard on General Meetings”) and other applicable

provisions, are provided in the table below:

302

Can Fin Homes Ltd:

Managing Director & CEO, Shri Debashish Mukherjee,

Executive Director, Shri Amitabh Chatterjee, Deputy General Manager of the Canara Bank.

Details of remuneration sought to be paid,

if any

The details of remuneration are provided infra.

Justification for choosing the appointee

for appointment (Skills and capability

required for the role and the Director

meets such requirement) (applicable only

for Independent Directors)

Not applicable as he is a promoter non-executive Director and not an Independent

Director. However, he possesses the skills and capability required for the role.

Shri Ajay Kumar Singh has filed with the Company his consent in writing in Form DIR-2 pursuant to Section 152 of the Companies Act,

2013 and Rule 8 of Companies (Appointment & Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, expressing his willingness to act as a Director

of the Company.

He is not disqualified from being appointed as a director, in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act. The requisite Form DIR-8 is received

from him, in terms of the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, confirming his eligibility for such

appointment. He is not debarred from holding the office of Director by virtue of any order by SEBI or any other authority.

Annual Report 2022-23

303

Notice:

Managing Director & KMP of the Company

upto June 01, 2023.

(iv) Shri Ajay Kumar Singh, Deputy General Manager of Canara

Bank, Dy.: Managing

Managing Director & CEO, Canara

Bank), Shri Debashish Mukherjee (Executive Director, Canara

Bank), Shri Amitabh Chatterjee (Deputy General Manager,

Canara Bank) and Shri Ajay Kumar Singh (Deputy General

Manager, Canara Bank) or any key managerial personnel or the

relatives of the directors or key managerial personnel, is in any

way concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the said

resolutions.

The Board of Directors therefore, recommend the passing of the

resolution proposed at Item No.6 of the Notice, for the approval

of members.

The members may please note that all the related parties of the

Company are prohibited from voting on Resolution No.6 of this

Notice.

In respect of Item No.7 – Re-appointment of Smt.

Shubhalakshmi Aamod Panse (DIN: 02599310) as an

Independent Director

Smt. Shubhalakshmi Aamod Panse (DIN:02599310) was

appointed as an independent director of the Company by

the members at the AGM held on August 26, 2020 upto the

conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of the Company of

the year 2022-23. Her tenure comes to end on the conclusion

of the ensuing AGM.

The Nomination Remuneration & HR Committee at its meeting

held on June 19, 2023, considering the knowledge, profile,

criteria of independence, expertise, vast and varied experience

matching to the requirements of the Company, her performance

and contributions towards the growth of the Company during

the last three years, has determined Smt. Shubhalakshmi Panse

to be fit and proper for re-appointment and has recommended

to the Board for her re-appointment as an Independent Director

for the further tenure of three years.

Smt. Shubhalakshmi Panse fulfils the requirements of an

Independent Director as laid down under Section 149(6) of the

Companies Act, 2013, and Regulation 16 of the LODR Regulations.

Accordingly, the Board of Directors of the Company at their

meeting held on June 19, 2023 has recommended the proposal

of re-appointment of Smt. Shubhalakshmi Aamod Panse as an

Independent Director, to the members for appointment.

In terms of Section 160 and all other applicable provisions of the

Companies Act, 2013, your Company has received a notice in

writing from a member signifying their intention to propose the

candidature of Smt. Shubhalakshmi Panse for re-appointment as

an Independent Director of the Company at the ensuing Annual

General Meeting. Smt. Shubhalakshmi Panse is willing to act as

an Independent Director of the Company, if so appointed and

has filed with the Company her Consent in writing to act as

director in Form DIR-2 pursuant to Sec.152 of the Act.

Brief Profile of Smt. Shubhalakshmi Panse, Independent Director pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations and SS-2

(“Secretarial Standard on General Meetings”) and other applicable provisions, are provided in the table below:

Name of the Director

Smt Shubhalakshmi Aamod Panse

Director Identification Number (DIN)

02599310

Age

68 years

Nationality

India

Date of first appointment on the Board

June 15, 2020

Qualification

Master Degree holder in Science (M.Sc.), Diploma in Business Management (DBM),

Masters in Management Sciences with Specialization in Financial Management (MMS),

Master in Business Administration with specialization in Bank Management (USA) and

CAIIB.

Annual Report 2022-23

307

Notice:

Managing Director,

Allahabad Bank from October 01, 2012 to January 31, 2014. (Prior to that she was an

Executive Director of Vijaya Bank from November 20, 2009 to September 30, 2012).

She was also the Chairperson of ALLBANK Finance Ltd., a subsidiary of Allahabad Bank

and Director on the Board of Universal Sompo Insurance Company, a joint venture

company of Allahabad Bank, Indian Overseas Bank, Karnataka Bank, Sompo of Japan &

Dabar Company.

Smt Shubhalakshmi Panse joined as Probationary Officer in Bank of Maharashtra in 1976

and served upto the level of General Manager in Bank of Maharashtra. She has wide

experience in the areas of Balance Sheet Management, Funds Management, Treasury

Management, Corporate Credit Appraisal, Credit Monitoring & restructuring and NPA

Management, expertise in Project Appraisal and Monitoring and Implementation,

Business Planning, Conceptualising and Planning the road map of Information &

Technology, establishing and putting in place systems and procedures for new business

outlets and running them efficiently and effectively, Human Resource Development &

Management strategies. She has an experience of about 42 years in the banking industry.

Terms and conditions of appointment &

details of remuneration

The draft terms and conditions of her re-appointment as Independent Director are

mentioned below and would be available for inspection electronically and the same is

available on the website of the Company www.canfinhomes.com

No. of meetings of the Board attended

during the year

Attended all the eleven (11) board meeting during the FY 2022-23

Directorships, Trustee-ships, Partnerships,

etc. held in other companies, firms, trusts,

entities, etc.

Smt Shubhalakshmi Panse is an Independent Director in Sudarshan Chemical Industries

Limited and Atul Limited

Memberships/ Chairman-ships of the

committee of the Board of Directors of

the Company /other Companies

Smt Shubhalakshmi Panse is Chairman of Audit Committee and member of Risk

Management Committee in Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited. She is also a

member of CSR Committee of Atul Limited. She is member in Audit Committee,

Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Risk Management Committee, Management

Committee and Chairperson of Nomination Remuneration & HR Committee of Can Fin

Homes Limited.

Listed entities from which the Director has

resigned in the past three years

(i) Federal Bank Limited,

(ii) KPIT Technologies Limited and

(iii) PNB Housing Finance Company Ltd.

Number of shares held in the Company

including as a beneficial owner

Smt Shubhalakshmi Panse is not holding any shares in the Company (both own and

held by/for other persons on a beneficial basis) and she has not availed any loan from

the Company, as per her declarations.

Disclosure of relationships between

directors inter-se

None of the directors are related inter-se. None of the Directors or any Key Managerial

Personnel or the relatives of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel is in any way

concerned or interested, financially or otherwise.

308

Can Fin Homes Ltd:

letter of re-appointment of an Independent Director

setting out the terms and conditions is available on the website

of the Company. Consents, declarations, deeds and covenants

etc., executed by Smt Shubhalakshmi Panse and referred above

would be available for inspection by the Members as mentioned

in the notes to this Notice.

In terms of Sec.149, 150, 152 and other applicable provisions of

the Companies Act, 2013 and related rules made thereunder,

Smt Shubhalakshmi Panse, being eligible, is proposed to be re-

appointed as an Independent Director from this Annual General

Meeting until the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of

the Company of the year 2026.

The Board of Directors therefore, recommend the passing of the

resolution proposed at Agenda No.7 of the Notice.

In respect of Item No.8 - Appointment of Shri Murali

Ramaswami (DIN: 08659944) as an Independent Director

The Nomination Remuneration & HR Committee at its meeting

held on June 19, 2023 considering the knowledge, profile,

criteria of independence, expertise, vast and varied experience,

matching to the requirements of the Company has determined

the fit and proper criteria of Shri Murali Ramaswami (DIN:

08659944) and recommended to the Board for his appointment

as an Independent Director for a tenure of three years.

Accordingly, the Board of Directors of the Company has

appointed Shri Murali Ramaswami (DIN: 08659944) on the

Board of the Company with effect from June 19, 2023 as an

additional director (Independent) pursuant to Section 161, 149,

152 and all other applicable provisions of the Companies Act,

Annual Report 2022-23

309

Notice:

letter of appointment of an Independent Director

setting out the terms and conditions is available on the website

of the Company. Consents, declarations, deeds, covenants, etc.,

executed by Shri Murali Ramaswamy and referred above would

be available for inspection by the Members as mentioned in the

notes to this Notice.

In terms of Sec.149, 150, 152 and other applicable provisions of

the Companies Act, 2013 and related rules made thereunder,

Shri Murali Ramaswami, being eligible, is proposed to be

appointed as an Independent Director from this Annual General

Meeting until the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of

the Company of the year 2026.

The Board of Directors therefore, recommend the passing of the

resolution proposed at Agenda No.8 of the Notice.

Annual Report 2022-23

311

Notice:

