Message from the Chairman

14

Board of Directors

MANAGEMENT REPORTS

16

Board’s Report & Management

Discussion and Analysis

31

Report on Corporate

Governance

43

General Shareholder

Information

57

Business Responsibility and

Sustainability Report

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

85

Standalone Financial

Statements

136

Consolidated Financial

Statements

Cholamandalam Financial Holdings Limited

Annual Report 2022-23

2:

Dear Shareholders,

Amidst the volatile and complex global scenario

characterised by geopolitical tensions, supply

chain disruptions and inflationary pressures, the

Indian economy is set to be on a better footing

backed by strong macro fundamentals and prudent

measures taken by the Government and regulatory

bodies. While the economy is advancing well, most

estimates peg the GDP growth for FY’23 to be

around the 7% range.

In this context, it gives me immense pleasure

to share with you your Company’s performance

highlights for the year ended March 31, 2023. As you

are aware from the financial results, your Company

continued to perform well during the fiscal year

22-23. Cholamandalam Financial Holdings ended

the year with a consolidated total income of `18,376

Crore as against `14,735 Crore in the previous

year (25% growth Y-o-Y) and a consolidated

profit before tax of `3,824 Crore compared to

`3,044 Crore in the previous year (26% growth

Y-o-Y). The performance during the year reflects

the strong execution by teams across each of our

businesses and functions. I am glad to inform you

that your Company’s Board has recommended

a final dividend of 55% for this financial year for

shareholders’ approval.

The NBFC landscape in which our subsidiary

operates, continues to evolve rapidly adapting to

regulatory changes and market volatility. While

NBFCs are better positioned today, rising interest

rates and competition from banks in traditional

segments pose challenges for the sector at large.

Having said that, Cholamandalam Investment

and Finance Company (CIFCL) delivered a stellar

performance in terms of disbursements, collections

and profitability in FY’23. CIFCL’s Assets under

Annual Report 2022-23

Cholamandalam Financial Holdings Limited

12:

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of SBI SG Global

Securities Services Pvt. Limited, a JV between SBI and Societe Generale for over

four years prior to retirement;



Joined the Company’s Board in February 2020.

Independent Director

DIN: 06609400 ; 65 years

Mrs. Vasudha Sundararaman

Chairman & Non-Executive Director

DIN: 00170478 ; 67 years:

Managing Director of Tube Investments of India Limited (TII) from

August 2017 till March 2022 and is currently the Executive Vice Chairman of

TII effective April 1, 2022;



Joined the Company’s Board in November 2020.

Non-Executive Director

DIN: 01814413 ; 57 years

Mr. Sridharan Rangarajan

Independent Director

DIN: 00137260 ; 68 years

Mr. K Balasubramanian

Non-Executive Director

DIN: 01138759 ; 53 years

Mr. Vellayan Subbiah

BOARD OF DIRECTORS



Is a Science graduate and a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of

India;



Has over three decades of experience in finance, risk management, strategic

investments and treasury;



Has served as the CFO of listed entities and played a pivotal role in divestments and

acquisitions of domestic and international businesses;



Is a Board member of Fairmeans Investments Private Limited;



Has wide experience in sourcing domestic and international finance, simplification

of business processes and strengthening of internal controls;



Was associated with PricewaterhouseCoopers, Africa for four years as a senior

consultant during his early phase of career;



Joined the Company’s Board in March 2022.:

Dear Shareholders,

Your Directors take pleasure in presenting the 74th Annual Report together with the audited financial statements of the

Company for the financial year (‘FY’) ended March 31, 2023.

MACRO ECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT

The global economy has been through a series of

significant shocks over the past couple of years. The

year 2022 started off with geopolitical tensions and

the consequential inflationary pressures triggered a

pervasive slowdown in several economies. Global

inflation continued to rise significantly leading to a cost-

of-living crisis in many regions across the world. The

impact of tighter monetary policies was felt across the

economy, particularly on private investment besides

affecting global output causing risks to food and energy,

security and other significant changes in commodity

markets. Though in the interim, the economy saw some

relief, uncertainties continue to undermine the confidence

among consumers. Further challenges to the global

economic growth include China’s recovery of private

consumption, tight labour markets in many countries

and the deterioration in China-U.S. relations threatening

international trade and policy co-operation. Against this

backdrop, analysts have projected the global economic

growth to remain at low trend rates of 2.6% in 2023 and

2.9% in 2024.

Despite the global slow down, Indian economy

demonstrated resilience during FY 23. The economy

driven by strong macro-economic fundamentals and

domestic demand continues to be one of the fastest

growing major economies. As per IMF reports, India is

the fifth largest economy and is estimated to fare well

in the medium term amongst large economies. The

domestic GDP moderated in the second half year as

evidenced from the macro-economic indicators. To

augment the ongoing momentum, the Union Budget

2023-24 emphasised growth through capital expenditure,

inclusive development and policy reforms. The initiatives

taken by the Government to improve the disposable

income of taxpayers in the country will aid in boosting

consumption by an increase in discretionary spending.

Further, the Government’s strong infrastructure push

under the Prime Minister’s Gati Shakti scheme is

expected to drive growth, investments, and job creation.

Strong credit growth and resilience in financial markets

are further expected to create an environment that

supports investments.:

letter and spirit of

the law and its own demanding levels of business ethics.

The Company believes that sound corporate governance

practices are crucial to the smooth, effective, and

transparent operations of a Company. Everything the

Company does is defined and conditioned by the highest

standards of governance, which serve its values. CFHL

is committed to uphold the core values of integrity,

passion, responsibility, quality, and respect in dealing

with its stakeholders in pursuing its spirit of enhancing

corporate governance at all times.

The Company firmly believes in and follows the

Arthashastra quote: “The fundamental principle of

economic activity is that no man you transact will lose,

then you shall not”. The corporate governance philosophy

of CFHL is driven by the following fundamental principles:

•

Adhere to corporate governance standards beyond

the: letter of law;

•

Maintain transparency and high degree of disclosure

levels;

•

Maintain a clear distinction between the personal

and corporate interest;

•

Have a transparent corporate structure driven by

business;

•

Ensure compliance with applicable laws.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The primary responsibility of the Board of Directors is

to foster the Company’s short and long-term success

through sustainable continuance and progress of its

business, and thereby create value for its stakeholders.

The role of the Board includes responsibilities to oversee

the conduct of the Company’s business and to supervise

and support the management which is responsible for

the day-to-day operations.

The

Company’s

Board

comprises

of

eminent

professionals from diverse areas viz., banking and

financial services, manufacturing, technology and

general management. The independent directors are

professionals, possessing wide experience and expertise

in their areas of function. They provide independent

judgment, external perspective and objectivity on the

issues which are placed before them.

Composition of the Board

The Board has been constituted in an appropriate

manner comprising independent and non-independent

directors to ensure proper governance and management.

The composition of the Board is in compliance with

the provisions of section 149 of the Companies

Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) and regulation 17 of the SEBI

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 (‘the SEBI Listing Regulations’). As

on March 31, 2023, the Company’s Board comprised

of six directors including three independent directors

(including a woman independent director) and three

non-independent directors. The

letter of appointment is given to independent

directors at the time of appointment which sets out

the role and duties of an independent director. The

terms and conditions of appointment of independent

directors is available on the Company’s website at

http://www.cholafhl.com/article/investors/466.

The Company has in place familiarisation programme

for directors with regard to their roles, duties, rights,

responsibilities in the company. Directors are familiarised

with the organisational set-up, businesses including its

associate/subsidiary/JV companies, the environment

in which it operates and relevant information pertaining

to the company and its group companies. Details of

familiarisation programme are available on the website at:

http://www.cholafhl.com/article/investors/858.

Performance Evaluation

Pursuant to the provisions of section 134 of the Act read

with the rules made thereunder, schedule IV to the Act

and the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Board carried

out an annual evaluation of its own performance, its

Committees and individual directors. The evaluation was

carried out through an online module using structured

assessment forms. The assessment questionnaires cover

various parameters. The parameters for Board evaluation

inter alia include Board’s structure, governance,

dynamics & functioning and financial reporting process.

The criteria for assessment of individual directors include

attendance, effective participation at the meetings and

familiarity with the Company’s business and policies and

the criteria for assessment of Board Committees include

frequency of the meetings and effective functioning

of the Committee. The Directors duly completed and

submitted the questionnaires providing their feedback.

The performance evaluation of self/peer was carried

out by the Board based on feedback received from

the individual directors. The Board carried out the

Committee evaluation based on feedback received from

the respective Committee members. The performance

evaluation of the Board as a whole, non-independent

directors and the Chairman were carried out by the

independent directors at their separate meeting. The

non-independent directors carried out performance

evaluation of independent directors including fulfilment

of the criteria of independence and their independence

from the management.

COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD

Various Committees have been constituted by the Board

in terms of regulatory requirements and to oversee

operational/strategic matters thereby supporting the

Board in discharging its duties efficiently. The Committees

of the Board are Audit Committee, Nomination &

Remuneration Committee, Stakeholders Relationship

Committee and Risk Management Committee. The

Board at the time of constitution of committees approves

the terms of reference of each committee. The minutes

of the meetings of the committees of the Board are

circulated to the Board for noting. Recommendations

of the Committees on various matters are placed

before the Board for approval. The Board accepted all

recommendations of the Committees of the Board,

during the year.

Audit Committee

The Audit Committee has been constituted pursuant

to the provisions of section 177 of the Act, regulation

18 of the SEBI Listing Regulations and the RBI Master

Directions.

Brief terms of reference

•

Oversee the company’s financial reporting process

and disclosure of its financial information;

•

Review financial statements and auditors’ report

before submission to the Board;:

letter of even date which is annexed as ANNEXURE - A and forms an integral part of

this report.

The Members,

CHOLAMANDALAM FINANCIAL HOLDINGS LIMITED

CIN: L65100TN1949PLC002905

Dare House, No. 234, N S C Bose Road,

Chennai - 600 001

Our report of even date is to be read along with this: letter.

1.

Maintenance

of

secretarial

records

is

the

responsibility of the management of the company.

Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these

secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes

as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance

about the correctness of the contents of the

Secretarial records as per the Auditing Standards

(CSAS-1 to CSAS-4) and Guidance Notes on

ICSI Auditing Standards and Guidance Note

on Secretarial Audit issued by The Institute of

Company Secretaries of India. The verification was

done to ensure that correct facts are reflected in

secretarial records. We believe that the processes

and practices, we followed provide a reasonable

basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and

appropriateness of financial records and Books of

Accounts of the company as well as correctness

of the values and figures reported in various

disclosures and returns as required to be filed by

the company under the specified laws.

4.

Wherever

required,

we

have

obtained

the

Management representation about the compliance

of laws, rules and regulations and happening of

events, etc.

5.

It is the responsibility of the management of the

company to devise proper systems to ensure

compliance with the provisions of Corporate and

other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards

and to ensure that the systems are adequate and

operate effectively. Our examination was limited to

the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance

as to the future viability of the company nor of the

efficacy or effectiveness with which the management

has conducted the affairs of the company.

For SRINIDHI SRIDHARAN & ASSOCIATES

Company Secretaries

CS SRINIDHI SRIDHARAN

CP No. 17990

FCS No. 12510

PR NO: 655/2020

Place : Chennai

UIN: S2017TN472300

Date : May 12, 2023

UDIN: F012510E000293769

Annexure A

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure - A and forms an integral part of this

report.

The Members,

CHOLAMANDALAM

MS

GENERAL

INSURANCE

COMPANY LIMITED

CIN: U66030TN2001PLC047977

Dare House, II Floor, N S C Bose Road, Parrys,

Chennai - 600 001

Our report of even date is to be read along with this: letter.

1.

Maintenance

of

secretarial

records

is

the

responsibility of the management of the Insurance

company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion

on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes

as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance

about the correctness of the contents of the

Secretarial records as per the Auditing Standards

(CSAS-1 to CSAS-4) and Guidance Notes on

ICSI Auditing Standards and Guidance Note

on Secretarial Audit issued by The Institute of

Company Secretaries of India. The verification was

done to ensure that correct facts are reflected in

secretarial records. We believe that the processes

and practices, we followed provide a reasonable

basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and

appropriateness of financial records and Books

of Accounts of the Insurance company as well as

correctness of the values and figures reported in

various disclosures and returns as required to be

filed by the company under the specified laws.

4.

Wherever

required,

we

have

obtained

the

Management representation about the compliance

of laws, rules and regulations and happening of

events, etc.

5.

It is the responsibility of the management of the

Insurance company to devise proper systems to

ensure compliance with the provisions of Corporate

and other applicable laws, rules, regulations,

standards and to ensure that the systems are

adequate and operate effectively. Our examination

was limited to the verification of procedure on test

basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance

as to the future viability of the company nor of the

efficacy or effectiveness with which the management

has conducted the affairs of the company.

For R.SRIDHARAN & ASSOCIATES

Company Secretaries

CS R.SRIDHARAN

CP NO. 3239

FCS NO. 4775

PR NO.657/2020

Place : Chennai

UIN : S2003TN063400

Date : April 27, 2023

UDIN: F004775E000205184

Annexure A

Letter of Comfort issued to any subsidiary

-

-

Note - 30.11 Investments

Particulars

As at

March 31, 2023

As at

March 31, 2022

(1)

Value of Investments

(i)

Gross Value of Investments

(a) In India

1,280.12

1,279.84

(b) Outside India

-

-

(ii) Provision for Depreciation

(a) In India

-

-

(b) Outside India

-

-

Notes to Standalone Financial Statements

(All amounts are in crores of Indian rupees, unless otherwise stated):

