letter No. Ref CO.DOS.RPD.No.

S2229/08.13.005/2023-24 dt. June 22, 2023,

approval of the members be and is hereby accorded

for the re-appointment of M/s Jagannathan &

Sarabeswaran, Chartered Accountants, Chennai

(FRN : 001204S) and M/s. K. Gopal Rao & Co.,

Chartered Accountants, Chennai (FRN : 000956S)

as the Joint Statutory Central Auditors of the Bank for

a third term for FY 2023-24, from the conclusion of

this Annual General Meeting till the conclusion of the

next Annual General Meeting of the Bank at an

overall remuneration of `90,00,000/- (Rupees

Ninety Lakhs only) excluding applicable taxes to be

allocated by the Bank between such Joint Auditors as

may be mutually agreed by the Bank and such Joint

Auditors depending on their respective scope of

work and reimbursement of out of pocket expenses

that may be incurred by them during the course of

Statutory Audit, Tax Audit & LFAR and issuing such

other certifications as prescribed or as may be

prescribed by the Regulators, with power to the

Board, who may with the recommendations of the

Audit Committee thereof, alter and vary the terms

and conditions of their appointment, remuneration

etc., including by reason of necessity on account of

conditions as may be stipulated by RBI and / or any

other authority, in such manner and to such extent as

may be mutually agreed with the Joint Statutory

Central Auditors.”

SPECIAL BUSINESS

4.

To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without

modification(s), the following resolution as an

Ordinary Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT the Board of Directors of the

Bank be and is hereby authorized to appoint, in

consultation with the Joint Statutory Central

Auditors of the Bank, the Branch Auditors who are

qualified to act as Auditors, including Statutory

Auditors pursuant to Section 139, 143(8) and other

applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013

and the Rules made there under and the Banking

Regulation Act, 1949 (including any statutory

modifications or re-enactments thereof for the time

being in force), the Rules, Circulars and Guidelines

issued by the Reserve Bank of India from time to

time, for the purpose of audit of the branches of the

Bank for the financial year 2023-24 and to decide the

Branches to be audited by such Branch Auditors and

to fix their remuneration and reimbursement of out

of pocket expenses incurred in connection with the

Audit, based on the recommendation of the Audit

Committee of the Board.”:

Managing Director and Chief

Executive Officer or any other Officer / Authorised

representative of the Bank to give effect to the

aforesaid resolution(s).”

By Order of the Board

For City Union Bank Limited

Sd/-

Venkataramanan S

Company Secretary

M.No. 28842

Date : June 26, 2023

Place : Chennai:

letter or copy of e-mail to the

Depository Participant. In case of non-receipt of

demat request from the securities holder/claimant

within 120 days of the date of: Letter of Confirmation,

the shares will be credited to Escrow Demat Account

of the Bank by RTA.

12. UNCLAIMED DIVIDENDS / SHARE TRANSFERRED

TO IEPF AUTHORITY

In terms of the relevant provisions of Section 124 and

125 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the relevant

Rules of the Investor Education and Protection Fund

Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund)

Rules, 2016 as amended from time to time, the

unclaimed dividend and the underlying equity

shares of the Bank for FY 2014-15 and 2015-16

(Interim) has been transferred to IEPF authority.

The unclaimed dividend and also the underlying

shares for FY 2015-16 (Final) will be transferred to

IEPF authority pursuant to aforesaid provisions, in

the current financial year. For details on year wise

unclaimed dividends to be transferred / shares

already transferred to IEPF, kindly refer to the

Corporate Governance section of the Annual Report.

The shareholders are therefore requested to contact

RTA for claiming their unclaimed Dividend and / or

shares transferred to IEPF Authority and also visit

the website of the Bank in this regard.

Further, the dividend warrants if any, lying with the

shareholders in respect of such period(s) have to be

submitted for revalidation to the Company Secretary,

City Union Bank Limited, “NARAYANA”,

Administrative Office, No. 24-B, Gandhi Nagar,

Kumbakonam – 612 001.

13. The shareholders holding securities in physical form

are requested to update their Bank mandate by way

of submitting duly signed copy of PAN card along

with cancelled cheque leaf with the Bank / RTA along

with form ISR-2 for receiving the corporate benefits

by way of electronic credit to their respective Bank

account in time. Members holding shares in

electronic form are requested to update their Bank

account details with their respective Depository

participant.

14. The Bank continues to support the “Green Initiative”

announced by the Government of India, and in this

regard the shareholders who have not registered

their e-mail address so far are requested to register

their e-mail address (for demat holders - with their

respective DPs and for holders in physical form - with

details, dividend warrants will be sent to their

registered addresses. In terms of the provisions of

the Income-tax Act, 1961, (“IT Act”) and Finance Act,

2020 as amended thereof, the Bank is required to

deduct tax at source from dividend paid to members,

at the rates prescribed under the Finance Act, 2020

and the amendments thereof. The tax rates would

vary depending on the residential status of the

member and the exemptions as enumerated in the IT

Act subject to fulfilling the documentary

requirements, such as submission / non-submission

of PAN, Form 15G/15H as applicable.

Accordingly, members are requested to submit

pre - requisite forms to the Bank / RTA

by e-mail to shares@cityunionbank.in or

corpserv@integratedindia.in on before Thursday,

August 10, 2023.

Dividend, on declaration at the AGM, will be paid to

such members whose names appear in the Register

of Members of the Bank as on the record date.

11. DEMATERIALIZATION OF SHARES

The shares of the Bank have been traded

compulsorily in dematerialized form with effect

th

from 25 June 25, 2001 in the Stock Exchanges viz.,

“The National Stock Exchange of India Limited” &

“BSE Limited”. The shareholders who have not so far

dematerialized their shares are requested to do so in

their own interest having regard to the safety and

benefits attached thereto. As per SEBI circular all

share transfers shall only take place in demat mode

st

w.e.f 01 April, 2019. Now the shares of the Bank are

traded only in demat mode. Further, to enhance ease

of dealing in securities markets by investors, SEBI

vide its circular no. SEBI / HO / MIRSD_RTAMB/ P /

CIR / 2022 / 8 dated 25.01.2022 has directed all

listed entities to issue securities in demat mode only,

while processing the following service request viz,

Issue of duplicate securities certificate, Claim from

Unclaimed Suspense Account, Renewal / Exchange

of securities certificate, Endorsement, Sub-division /

Splitting of securities certificate, Consolidation of

securities certificates/folios, Transmission,

Transposition.

The securities holder/claimant shall submit duly

filled up Form ISR-4 (available in the website of the

Bank / RTA) to the RTA in respect of any of above

mentioned claims and the RTA shall process the

same by way of issuing Letter of Confirmation.

Within 120 days of the issue of the letter, the

securities holder/claimant shall submit the demat

letter No.Ref CO.DOS.RPD.No.

S2229/08.13.005/2023-24 dt. June 22, 2023 has

accorded its approval for re-appointment of M/s

Jagannathan & Sarabeswaran, Chartered Accountants,

Chennai (FRN 001204S) and M/s K. Gopal Rao & Co.,

Chartered Accountants, Chennai (FRN 000956S) as the

Joint Statutory Central Auditors of the Bank for a third

term for FY 2023-24.

M/s K. Gopal Rao & Co.,

Chartered Accountants, Chennai

(FRN 000956S)

M/s Jagannathan & Sarabeswaran, Chartered Accountants was

established in the year 1969 at Chennai. The firm consists of 5 (five) full

time partners and 20 professional staffs and has over 54 years of rich

experience in diverse sectors viz., Banking, Information Technology,

Tourism & Hotels, Hospital, Engineering, Manufacturing etc. The head

office is located at Alwarpet, Chennai. The firm also specializes in Tax

Audit, Tax Representation and Tax Advisory services. With special

reference to professional services in the field of Banking, Finance and

Insurance, the firm offers Central Statutory Audit Services, branch audits,

concurrent audits to various Public and Private sector Banks and also

Statutory Central Audit to Foreign Bank. Besides providing above services,

they are also specialized in performing credit audits. To mention, they

have provided Concurrent Audit to the Reserve Bank of India during the

period 2005 to 2008. They have also handled due diligence, project

consultancy and financial advisory services.

M/s K. Gopal Rao & Co., Chartered Accountants was established in the year

1978. The firm consists of 13 (Thirteen) full time partners and 48

professional staffs. The firm is headquartered at Chennai with branch

offices at Madurai, Coimbatore, Trichy, Tiruvallur, Bangalore, Hyderabad

and Mumbai. The firm offers Audit and Assurance, Tax advisory and

consulting services to various sectors. With special reference to

professional services in the field of Banking, the firm has experience of

Central Statutory Audit, Branch Statutory Audits, Concurrent audits, Risk

Based Internal Audit, IS Audits, Special Audits including ASM, Integrated

Treasury and Due Diligence process to various public and private sector

banks. As part of Tax advisory services, the firm has experience on

International Taxation, Transfer Pricing, Business Tax Advisory, Taxation

for Non Profit Organizations and Indirect Taxation. The firm also has

Partners specialised in IND AS, System and Security Audit and advisory,

FEMA and FCRA Consultancy, Valuation and IP. The firm is also a registered

Public Accounting firm with the Comptroller and Auditor General (C&AG)

of India, New Delhi. It has diversified clientele with National and

International operations. Firm also has experience in Internal Audit for

various sectors.:

letter dated June

22, 2023, has placed before the shareholders for approval

for re-appointment of the said Firms as the Joint Statutory

Central Auditors of the Bank for a third term for the FY

2023-24 at a total remuneration of ` 90,00,000/- (Rupees

Ninety Lakhs only) plus out of pocket expenses but

excluding applicable taxes payable. The total

remuneration will be allocated between the two Firms

depending upon their respective scope of work as may be

mutually accepted. Further the above remuneration may

vary depending upon the number of branches taken up by

them for audit for the financial year 2023-24 and also on

account of any other special assignments to be handled by

them as per the requirement of regulators / statutory

authorities.

Further, considering their past profile, expertise,

knowledge and rich experience in the audit field besides

the good work carried out by the Firms during their first

and second terms with the Bank, in the opinion of the

Board, the proposed Auditors are eligible for re-

appointment as the Joint Statutory Central Auditors of the

Bank and fulfill all the conditions specified in relevant

provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the guidelines

issued by the Reserve Bank of India for appointment of

Statutory Auditors of Private Sector Banks and the

Banking Regulation Act, 1949. The proposed Auditors are

independent of the Management of the Bank. Hence, the

Board recommends to shareholders the re-appointment

of M/s Jagannathan & Sarabeswaran, Chartered

Accountants, Chennai (FRN 001204S) and M/s K. Gopal

Rao & Co., Chartered Accountants, Chennai (FRN

000956S) for a third term for FY 2023-24 to hold the

office from the conclusion of the ensuing AGM until the

conclusion of the next AGM of the Bank.

None of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel and

their relatives are concerned or interested in this

resolution.

The Board recommends the Resolution set out at Item

No.3 of the Notice for approval of members by passing

ordinary resolution.

Item No.4

In terms of the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and

the Rules made there under, the Branches of the Bank have

to be audited either by Statutory Central Auditors or by

other qualified Auditors as a regular audit work on a

yearly basis. Accordingly, the Bank intends to entrust the

Audit of its Branch Offices either to the Statutory Central

Auditors or to other qualified Auditors in consultation

with Statutory Central Auditors on such remuneration

and on such terms and conditions as the Board deems fit

based on the recommendations of the Audit Committee of

the Board.

None of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel and

their relatives are concerned or interested in this

resolution.

The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set out

at Item No.4 of the Notice for approval by members by

passing ordinary resolution.

Item No. 5 & 6

In accordance with the provisions of Section 149 (10) of

the Companies Act, 2013, an Independent Director can

hold office for a maximum term of upto five (5)

consecutive years on the Board of the company and shall

be eligible for re-appointment for another term of five

years subject to passing of Special Resolution by the

members and disclosure of such appointment on Board's

Report. Further, in respect of Banking Companies, the

provisions of Section 10 A (2) of the Banking Regulation

Act, 1949 ('Banking Act') specifies that the overall tenure

of non-executive Directors should not exceed a period of

eight (8) consecutive years.

Shri. V.N. Shivashankar (DIN 00929256) and

Dr. T.S. Sridhar (DIN 01681108) are currently

Independent Directors on the Board of the Bank and their

appointment as Independent Directors were approved by

the shareholders in their meeting held on September

01, 2018 for a term of five years.:

Managing Director / Joint Managing

Director or any other Director in capacity of Whole-time

Director by whatever name as may be designated by the

Board of the Bank, in the Articles of Association of the

Bank, the Board of Directors of the Bank has approved the

following amendments / alterations in Articles of

Association subject to approval of shareholders:

Clause

No.

Existing Clause

Proposed

Amendment

Clause after Amendment

Nil

Nil

Insert sub clause

26(a)(iii)

Clause 26(a)(iii): Subject to the

provisions of the Articles, the

Companies Act, 2013, Banking

Regulation Act, 1949, relevant

guidelines, if any, issued by the

Reserve Bank of India and subject

to the approvals as may be

necessitated, the Board of Directors

is empowered to appoint / re-

appoint one or more Directors in

the designation of Executive

Director / Whole Time Director /

Deputy: Managing Director / Joint

Managing Director or any other

Director in capacity of Whole-time

Director by whatever name as may

be designated by the Board of the

Bank, apart from the Managing

Director within the maximum

permissible limit stipulated under

relevant Statutory Laws. Such

Director shall be in the Whole Time

employment of the Bank and shall

assist the Managing Director & CEO

in the management of the company

affairs on such terms and

conditions as may be decided by the

Board.

Delete the words

“as the case may

be” after the

word Managing

D i re c to r a n d

Insert the words

A

Managing Director may, by

writing under his hand addressed to the

Company, resign his office.

Insert the words

“or Executive

Director / Whole

Time Director /

D

e

p

u

t

y

M a n a g i n g

Director / Joint

M a n a g i n g

Director or any

other Director in

c a p a c i t y o f

W h o l e - t i m e

D i r e c t o r b y

whatever name

a s m a y b e

designated and

approved by the

Board of the

Bank” after the

word Managing

Director.

A Chairman appointed on a whole

time basis or a: Managing

Managing Director / Joint: Managing Director or any other

Director in capacity of Whole-time

Director by whatever name as may

be designated and approved by the

Board of the Bank, as the case may

be, shall draw such remuneration

and be entitled to such allowances

as may be determined by the Board

in accordance with the provisions

of the Acts and approval of RBI

p r o v i d e d t h a t t h e

Managing Director

or Executive Director / Whole Time

Director / Deputy Managing

Director / Joint: Managing Director

or any other Director in capacity of

Whole-time Director by whatever

name as may be designated and

approved by the Board of the Bank

and a Director appointed by the

Reserve Bank of India under

Section 10-A of the Banking Act

shall not be required to hold

qualification shares.

Insert the words

“or Executive

Director / Whole

Time Director /

Deputy Managing

Director / Joint

M a n a g i n g

Director or any

other Director in

c a p a c i t y o f

W h o l e - t i m e

D i r e c t o r b y

whatever name

a s m a y b e

designated and

approved by the

B o a rd o f t h e

Bank,” after the

word Managing

Director.

The

Managing Director / Joint

M a n a g i n g D i r e c t o r

26 (m)

The plaints, written statements,

petitions and applications may be signed

and verified, affidavits may be sworn in

or affirmed, bonds may be signed and

delivered, and generally all other

documents connected with legal

proceedings; or any other proceedings

before any authorities, whether

contentious or non-contentious may be

made and completed on behalf of the

Company by the Chairman or by the: Managing

Managing Director or

in his absence to an Executive

Director/ Whole Time Director /

Deputy: Managing

Managing Director / Joint: Managing

letter etc. with attested

specimen signature of the duly authorized

s i g n a to r y ( i e s ) wh o a re a u t h o r i z e d to

vo te , to t h e S c r u t i n i z e r by e - m a i l to

scrutinizer@cityunionbank.in with a copy marked

to

Institutional shareholders

evoting@nsdl.co.in.

(i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also

upload their Board Resolution / Power of Attorney /:

Letter etc. by clicking on "Upload Board

Resolution / Authority: Letter" displayed under

“e-Voting" tab in their login.

2.

It is strongly recommended not to share your

password with any other person and take utmost care

to keep your password confidential. Login to the e-

voting website will be disabled upon five

unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password.

In such an event, you will need to go through the

"Forgot User Details / Password?" or "Physical

User Reset Password?" option available on

www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

3.

In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently

Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and

e-voting user manual for Shareholders available

at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com

or call at 022 - 48867000 or send a request to

Shri. Elango S at evoting@nsdl.co.in

Process for those shareholders whose email ids are

not registered with the depositories for procuring

user id and password and registration of e mail ids for

e-voting for the resolutions set out in this notice:

1. In case shares are held in physical mode please

provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned

copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN

(self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR

(self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by

email to corpserv@integratedindia.in /

shares@cityunionbank.in.

2.

In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide

DPID - CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit

beneficiary ID), Name, client master or

copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN

(self attested scanned copy of PAN card),

AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhar

Card) to corpserv@integratedindia.in /

shares@cityunionbank.in. If you are an Individual

shareholders holding securities in demat mode, you

are requested to refer to the login method explained

at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-Voting and

joining virtual meeting for Individual

shareholders holding securities in demat mode.

3.

Alternatively shareholder / members may send a

request to evoting@nsdl.co.in for procuring user id

and password for e-voting by providing above

mentioned documents.

4.

In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on

e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies,

Individual shareholders holding securities in demat

mode are allowed to vote through their demat

account maintained with Depositories and

Depository Participants. Shareholders are required

to update their mobile number and email ID correctly

in their demat account in order to access e-Voting

facility.

THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR e-VOTING ON

THE DAY OF THE EGM / AGM ARE AS UNDER:-

1.

The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the

EGM/AGM is same as the instructions mentioned

above for remote e-voting.

2.

Only those Members/ shareholders, who will be

present in the EGM/AGM through VC/OAVM facility

and have not casted their vote on the Resolutions

through remote e-Voting and are otherwise not

barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through

e-Voting system in the EGM/AGM.

3.

Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting

will be eligible to attend the EGM/AGM. However,

they will not be eligible to vote at the EGM/AGM

4.

The details of the person who may be contacted for

any grievances connected with the facility for e-

Voting on the day of the EGM/AGM shall be the same

person mentioned for Remote e-voting..

INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING THE

EGM/AGM THROUGH VC/ OAVM ARE AS UNDER:

1.

Member will be provided with a facility to attend the

EGM/AGM through VC/OAVM through the NSDL e-

Voting system. Members may access by following the

steps mentioned above for Access to NSDL e-Voting

system. After successful login, you can see link of

“VC/OAVM link” placed under “Join meeting” menu

against company name. You are requested to click on

VC/OAVM link placed under Join General Meeting

menu. The link for VC/OAVM will be available in

Shareholder/Member login where the EVEN of

Company will be displayed. Please note that the

members who do not have the User ID and Password

for e-Voting or have forgotten the User ID and

Password may retrieve the same by following the

remote e-Voting instructions mentioned in the notice

to avoid last minute rush.

MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO

Prof. V. KAMAKOTI

B.E., M.S., Ph.D.

G. MAHALINGAM

M.Sc., MBA., CAIIB

T.K. RAMKUMAR

B.Com., B.L.

2

Report

A N N U A L

2 22 - 23

K. VAIDYANATHAN

B.Sc., FCMA., FCS.

LALITHA RAMESWARAN

B.Com., FCA., DISA:

letter and spirit creates the right corporate

culture fulfilling purpose of Governance.

Climate change has emerged as an important concern

enveloping all countries across the globe. There is a

growing worldwide phenomenon to adopt sustainability

practices in business operations across Environmental,

Social and Governance (ESG) aspects. The inclusion of ESG

and climate-related transition risks is going to become a

significant consideration in decision-making within the

financial services. The RBI has also published a statement

to support the greening of India's financial system.

As the backbone of all business operations, banks hold

significant influence in the progress of developing

economies. They fulfil this crucial role by skilfully

handling risks and controlling the availability of limited

capital. And they contribute to the advancement of society

by funding ventures that align with socially responsible

practices. Banks and Financial institutions are more

inclined to offer better interest rates on advances to

companies that adhere to ESG standards. Inclusion of such

factors in the credit appraisals, which is the core activity of

commercial banks is a financial material indicator and is

imperative to assess the quality level of disclosures. The

Banking industry is a highly regulated industry in the

service sector and indirectly impacts environmental and

social factors. ESG reporting therefore becomes vital for

both the management and stakeholders of the banks.

YOUR BANK's ESG OBJECTIVES

The Bank has embraced ESG values as an integral part of

its identity for a long time. Aligned with the ESG

framework, the Corporate Social Responsibility

Committee (CSR) of the Bank focuses on addressing

environmental, social and governance aspects. This is

achieved through active engagement with internal and

external stakeholders, aiming to improve the well-being

of the Bank and society at large. The Bank's ESG aspects

are set out below:

Environmental front

Your Bank continues to incorporate environment friendly

practices in its operations through responsible financing

and selection of vendors. Your Bank has adopted both

technological as well as process solutions in its day-to-day

operations to contribute to the betterment of the

environment. Conservation of waterbodies has always

been an area of priority for the Bank. The Bank has been

involved in various activities in and around the

Headquarters of the Bank at Kumbakonam, Thanjavur

district including cleaning and desilting of Tanks, Lakes &

other water bodies and rebuilding of river canals. Since

the financial year 2017-18, CUB has strengthened and

protected the river and canal banks to a stretch of 58 kms,

desilted and rejuvenated lakes to the spread of 594 acres,

benefiting about 45,000 acres of cultivable land. These

activities covered over 70 villages and benefited around

1.5 lakh people.

Nevertheless, the Bank has always remained keen in the

betterment of environment through other activities also

like rainwater harvesting, installation of energy saving

equipments & solar panels across its branches wherever

feasible, discontinuation of incineration methods to

reduce air pollution / emission of gases etc.

Some of our branches are situated in regions that are

prone to climate-related hazards such as cyclones, floods,

and intense and unpredictable rainfall. These

environmental risks pose a significant threat, often

leading to extensive devastation of both human lives and

property. As a prudent measure, recently the Bank had

shifted its Data Centres and Disaster Recovery Sites to a

more secured place with elevated floors, to mitigate flood

related risks. Our agricultural credit exposures are

significantly impacted by cyclones and floods, especially

when customers residing in those areas suffer losses

during unpredictable periods. To manage and reduce

these risks, we provide guidance to our customers

regarding the selection of suitable tropical cropping

11

Report

A N N U A L

2 22 - 23

ESG

Report

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

List of

Branches

Basel III:

letter and

spirit and its employees are committed to following best

ethical practices in all facets of banking.

CONCLUSION

Similar to CSR reporting, the Securities Exchange and

Board of India ("SEBI") introduced Business

Responsibility and Sustainability Reporting ("BRSR") in

the year 2021 and made it mandatory for top 1000 listed

entities by market capitalization from FY 2022-23.

Accordingly, the Bank has set out such report for FY 2023

forming part of this Annual Report wherein the details on

Environment, Social and Governance activities of the

Bank have been more fully set-out.

CUB's ESG and CSR initiatives have achieved remarkable

success in making a tangible impact at the grassroots

level. It is noteworthy that besides other CSR activities,

your Bank has created behavioural change among the

community in the governance of water bodies and solid

waste management. Your Bank has embraced the concept

of digitalization and is continuously adopting

environmental friendly practices to align with India's

commitment towards Net Zero Green House Gas (GHG)

Emissions by 2070, which becomes particularly

significant in a year when India has taken on the mantle of

Presidency of G20 Member Countries which deals with

the issues of International Financial Stability, Climate

change mitigation and sustainable development.

13

Report

A N N U A L

2 22 - 23

ESG

Report

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

List of

Branches

Basel III:

letter no.

DBR.APPT.NO.8631 /08.42.001/2018-19 dt.10th April

2019. Further, as per the provisions of Section 10A(2A)(i)

of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949, Shri. R Mohan, has

vacated his office of Director as Independent Director on

the close of business hours of 27th June, 2022 on account

of completion of tenure (8 years).

The Board hereby places on record its warm appreciation

over the excellent services rendered by Shri. R Mohan

during his tenure.

Smt. Abarna Bhaskar (DIN 06971635)

Smt. Abarna Bhaskar (DIN 06971635) retired as an

Independent Director from the Board of the Bank on

October 24, 2022 on account of completion of tenure (8

years) as per Banking Regulation Act, 1949 and the

Companies Act, 2013.

The Board hereby places on record its warm appreciation

over the excellent services rendered by Smt. Abarna

Bhaskar during her tenure.

Appointment / Re-appointment:

Shri. M. Narayanan (DIN 00682297)

During the reporting year, the RBI vide its: letter no.

DOR.GOV.No.S663/08.42.001/2022-23 dated May 04,

2022 had approved the appointment of Shri. M.

Narayanan (DIN 00682297) as the Part-time Non-

Executive

letter dated April 26,

2023 had granted its approval for the re-appointment of

Dr. N. Kamakodi as the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO continues to be

a Key Managerial Person. Shri. V. Ramesh, Chief Financial

Officer & Company Secretary of the Bank, was a Key

Managerial Personnel ("KMP") of the Bank till February

11, 2023. Further, with effect from the close of business

hours of February 11, 2023, Shri. V Ramesh vacated the

office of Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary.

He was assigned the whole-time role of Chief Compliance

Officer and re-designated by the Board as SGM & Chief

Compliance Officer of the Bank to be in line with RBI

circular no. DoS.CO.PPG./SEC.02/11.01.005/2020-21

dt.11.09.2020.

The Board of Directors at its meeting held on February 11,

2023 appointed Shri. J Sadagopan as a KMP designated as

C h i e f F i n a n c i a l O f f i c e r ( " C F O " ) a n d S h r i .

Venkataramanan S as a KMP designated as the Company

Secretary ("CS") of the Bank w.e.f. February 12, 2023

respectively pursuant to the provisions of Section 2(51)

read with Section 203 of the Companies Act, 2013.

As on the date of this report there are 3 KMPs viz.: Managing

Managing Director & CEO and

Material Risk Takers (MRTs)

In case of grant of stock options to Whole Time Director /: Managing

Managing Director & CEO and Material Risk

Takers (MRTs), the Bank must follow fair value of option

for accounting ESOS. For the stock options granted to MD

and CEO under Series IV during the financial year, the

Bank has followed fair value of option.

ESG

Report

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

List of

Branches

Basel III:

Managing Director & CEO

(Chairman of CSR Committee)

th

Date: 26 June, 2023

Place: Chennai

43

Report

A N N U A L

2 22 - 23

(All the fields should be captured as appearing in the revenue record, flat no, house no, Municipal Office / Municipal

Corporation / Gram panchayat are to be specified and also the area of immovable properties as well as boundaries)

9. Specify the reason(s), if the company has failed to spend two per cent of the average net profit as per Sub-section (5) of

Section 135.

The amount has already been sanctioned / budgeted and the same will be spent / disbursed as per the requirement of

CSR beneficiaries and the same shall be reported in succeeding financial year.

Amount of

CSR amount

spent

(in `)

For CITY UNION BANK

Sd/-

ESG

Report

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

List of

Branches

Basel III:

Managing Director & CEO, Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary.

Catagory

Total (A)

No. ( B )

% ( B / A )

10

1

10%

Board of Directors

No. and percentage of Females

Key Management

Personnel**

3

0

0%

20) Turnover rate for permanent employees and workers:

Catagory

FY 2022 - 23

(Turnover rate in current FY)

Permanent

Employees

(Disclose trends for the past 3 years)

Permanent

Workers

FY 2021 - 22

(Turnover rate Previous FY)

FY 2020 - 21

(Turnover rate in the year

Prior to previous FY

Male

Female

Total

13.09%

16.28%

13.96%

Male

Female

Total

Male

Female

Total

12.02%

17.33%

13.46%

5.72%

7.94%

6.34%

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

1.

Permanent (F)

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

Differently Abled Workers

ESG

Report

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

List of

Branches

Basel III:

Managing Director & CEO

(DIN: 02039618 )

Details of the highest

authority responsible for

i m p l e m e n t a t i o n a n d

oversight of the Business

Responsibility policy(ies).

8.

Risk Management Committee of the Board has been designated as the

highest authority responsible for the implementation and oversight of

the Business Responsibility Policies. The Committee shall be responsible

for ensuring that the policies are implemented in accordance with the

applicable laws and regulations and that they align with the Bank's

objectives and mission.

Does the entity have a

specified Committee of the

B o a r d / D i r e c t o r

responsible for decision

making on sustainability

related issues? (Yes / No). If

yes, provide details

9.

The responsibility for making decisions on all matters pertaining to

sustainability issues has been delegated to the Risk Management

Committee. The Committee is tasked with supervising the formulation

and execution of policies, procedures, and initiatives related to

sustainability, encompassing various areas such as the management of

the Bank's environmental impact, social responsibility, and governance

practices.

The Bank's Risk Management Committee compromises of:

N. Subramaniam

Dr. N. Kamakodi

Prof. V. Kamakoti

G. Mahalingam

Chairperson

Member

Member

Member

Independent Director

Executive Director

Independent Director

Independent Director

Position on

the Committee

Name

Designation:

Managing Director & CEO

**Comprising of Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary.

Do you have a focal point (Individual/ Committee) responsible for addressing human rights impacts or issues

caused or contributed to by the business? (Yes/No)

Yes, the responsibility for overseeing and addressing all matters pertaining to human rights vests with the

Vigilance Department of the Bank.

4. Focal point for addressing human rights:

ESG

Report

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

List of

Branches

Basel III:

letter and

spirit.

b) Total commitment to follow ethical practices in all

facets of Banking to ensure efficiency in operations so

as to maximise value and benefit to all stakeholders.

c) To make employees accountable and take

responsibility for completion of work within specified

time lines, while adhering to risk controls and policy

framework.

d) Strict adherence to prudent Banking norms and values

in the conduct of day to day Banking operations.

Corporate Governance is the system of rules, best

practices and processes by which an Institution is

operated, directed and governed. The main principles of

good corporate governance is conducting the business

with integrity, being transparent in all transactions,

making all the necessary disclosures and complying with

the applicable laws, accountability and responsibility

towards all the stakeholders and commitment to conduct

the business in an ethical manner.

This Report on Corporate Governance is set out pursuant

to the provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the "Listing

Regulations") and forms part of the Directors Report for

the Financial Year ended March 31, 2023.

1. BA N K ' S P H I LO S O P H Y O N CO R P O R AT E

GOVERNANCE

City Union Bank Limited, (herein after called the

"Bank") believes that a good Corporate Governance

structure is the one which directs and controls the

affairs of the Bank to sustain and improve value

creation for all stakeholders. Bank's governance

framework recognizes Transparency, Integrity,

Honesty and Accountability as core values, and the

management believes that the practice of each of these

creates the right corporate culture fulfilling the

purpose of Corporate Governance.

The Bank's governance code is available on the Bank's

website www.cityunionbank.com for general

information to all stakeholders. However it is to be

recognized that Corporate Governance is not just a

destination but a consistent journey to consolidate

and enhance sustainable value creation to the Bank by

adhering to the core values.

The Bank continues to believe strongly in adopting

and adhering to the best governance practices. The

Bank always endeavours to achieve the highest levels

of governance as a part of its accountability and

responsibility towards the shareholder and all other

stakeholders. Transparency, Fairness, Responsibility

and Integrity continue to be at the epicentre in

achievement of good Corporate Governance and the

Bank is strongly committed to adhering to the

principles for enhancing the stakeholders' values.

119

Report

A N N U A L

2 22 - 23

ESG

Report

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

List of

Branches

Basel III:

Managing Director & CEO and Eight

Independent Directors. The Independent Directors

constitute 90% of the Board strength which is more

than the requirements of the Companies Act, 2013 and

SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015. The Listing

Regulations also mandate that Board of Directors of

the top 500 listed entities should have atleast one

Independent Woman Director. The Bank has One

Woman Director who is Independent. None of the

Directors of the Bank have any relationships inter-se

as on March 31, 2023.

The Board has identified the following core skills /

expertise / competence for effective and dynamic

Board composition which is in line with Section

10A(2) of Banking Regulation Act, 1949 and relevant

circular issued by RBI.

1. Accountancy

2. Agriculture and Rural Economy

3. Banking

4. Co-operation

5. Economics

6. Finance

7. Law

8. Small-scale Industry

9. Human Resource

10. Information Technology

11. Risk Management

12. Payment and Settlement Systems

13. Business Management:

Managing Director & CEO

Independent Director

Independent Director

Independent Director

Independent Director

Independent Director

Independent Director

Independent Director

Independent Director

Nil

Nil

4

5

Nil

Nil

Nil

4

8

1

21589

2418650

Nil

726122

210

100

164310

1512

Nil

35028

*

Except Shri G. Mahalingam who is a Director in Listed entities viz. LIC of India, Infrastructure Leasing & Financial Services Limited and

CARE Ratings Limited, none of the other Directors on the Board of the Bank holds Directorship in any other listed entity.

th

** Appointed as Independent Women Director w.e.f. 04 November 2022. For more details, kindly read the Appointments section in the

Directors' Report.

The majority of Directors on the Board as on March 31, 2023 have rich and varied expertise, knowledge and business

acumen in Banking and other related fields. The details on the skill sets/ expertise the Directors bring in to the Board of

the Bank to facilitate effective decision making together with other disclosures are mentioned below

121

Report

A N N U A L

2 22 - 23

ESG

Report

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

List of

Branches

Basel III:

Managing Director & CEO, Shri. J

Sadagopan, Chief Financial Officer and Shri. S

Venkataramanan, Company Secretary. The KMPs

(except MD & CEO) and other employees are

remunerated pursuant to a separate memorandum of

understanding entered into with the Officers

Association, Staff Union and Executives.

ii. REMUNERATION PAID DURING FY 2022-23

The Bank remunerates the Chairman and the: Managing Director & CEO in accordance with the

terms and conditions as approved by the Reserve Bank

of India and Shareholders. The RBI vide its letter

no.DOR.GOV.No.S3229/08.42.001/2021-22 dated 30-

12-2021 had conveyed its approval for grant of

`84,76,435/- (`42,38,217/- as cash component and

`42,38,217/- as non-cash component) as Variable Pay

to Dr. N. Kamakodi, MD & CEO of the Bank for the FY

2020-21. Against the same, 26,950 stock options (non-

cash component not exceeding the maximum amount

sanctioned by RBI) has been granted to the MD & CEO

of the Bank during the year under CUB ESOS 2017

Scheme - Series IV.

D. DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION

i. REMUNERATION POLICY

Remuneration to Executive Director / Whole Time

Director / Managing Director & CEO

There exists a Board approved Compensation Policy

which also deals with the remuneration and other

corporate benefits to the Whole Time / Executive

Director. Such Compensation Policy is framed in

accordance with the guidelines issued by the Reserve

Bank of India. The remuneration of MD & CEO is

recommended by the Compensation and

Remuneration Committee to the Board of Directors for

its approval. However, the remuneration or revision in

remuneration is subject to the prior approval by the

Reserve Bank of India in terms of the Banking

Regulation Act, 1949 and also the Shareholders.

Further, as per the extant guidelines issued by the

Reserve Bank of India in respect of compensation to

Whole Time Directors of Private Sector Banks

st

applicable w.e.f. 01 April, 2020, all fixed items of

compensation, including the perquisites will be

treated as part of fixed pay. Perquisites that are

reimbursable would also be included in the fixed pay

so long as there are monetary ceilings on these

reimbursements. The contribution towards

superannuation / retiral benefits will also be treated

as part of fixed pay.

The variable compensation for Whole Time Directors /

MD & CEO is fixed based on the assessment of

performance under QUALITATIVE factors viz.

organization performance, leadership, employee

development, supervisory observation(s) if any,

Stakeholder management etc., and under

QUANTITATIVE factors viz., financial parameters

based on ICAAP (Internal Capital Adequacy

Assessment Process) approved for each financial year

by the Board. Such variable compensation shall be

paid in the form of Cash, Stock Options and / or Share

linked instruments as may be recommended by the

Compensation & Remuneration Committee, Board

and approved by RBI for each financial year.

Remuneration to Non-Executive Directors

All Non-Executive Directors of the Bank are paid

sitting fees of `75,000/- and `25,000/- for attending

Board and Committee meetings respectively, for each

such meeting as per the provisions of the Companies

Act, 2013. Further, except Shri. M Narayanan,

Independent Part-Time

Managing Director and also, the timeliness of flow of

information between Board & Management.

ii. PERFORMANCE EVALUATION CRITERIA

Individual Directors and Chairperson (Including

MD & CEO and Independent Directors)

An annual internal assessment of all Directors on the

Board of the Bank is carried out by the entire Board of

Directors based on criteria's as approved by the

Nomination Committee viz. Qualification, Experience,

Knowledge & Competency, Availability & Attendance,

Contribution, Integrity, Independent views and

judgement.

In addition to above criteria, the fulfilment of

Independence criteria by Independent Directors were

also taken on record.

In respect of evaluation of Chairperson, additional

criteria such as leadership capabilities, Board level

working relationships were taken into account.

The: Managing Director & CEO was assessed on

additional criteria viz., Business Conduct, Bank's

overall performance, updates, Management tact,

Strategic Planning, Compliance and Governance areas.

While undertaking the evaluation process, the

Director being evaluated did not participate.

iii. Board as Whole

Assessment is done based on structure of the Board

including Directors' competency & Diverse Expertise,

Frequency of Meetings, quality of information

supplied, Agenda, effectiveness of discussions, Action

Taken Reports, implementation and monitoring of

Strategy(s), Investor grievance Redressal, Risk

Management, Management of conflict of interests,

understanding of Regulatory, statutory and industry

environment, Corporate Governance.

iv. Board Level Committees

The evaluation is done based on parameters viz.,

composition of the committee, Terms of reference,

Meetings, recommendation of agenda item by

Managing Director & CEO

of the Bank.

X. Information Technology Strategy Committee

The Board of the Bank, pursuant to the

recommendation of the Gopalakrishna Committee has

constituted Information Technology Strategy

Committee with the objective to perform the functions

as mentioned below.

a.

Approving IT strategy and policy documents;

Name of the Member

Sarvashri

No. of Meetings held

during the tenure

Category

Atten dance

Dr. T. S. Sridhar (Chairperson)

Narayanan Subramaniam

T. K. Ramkumar

Prof. V. Kamakoti

07

07

07

07

07

07

07

07

Independent

Independent

Independent

Independent

Composition and meeting details:

Meeting Date: 06.07.2022, 08.08.2022, 26.09.2022, 04.11.2022, 05.12.2022, 04.03.2023 and 27.03.2023

132

Report

A N N U A L

2 22 - 23:

Managing Director / Audit

Committee of the Board under the Whistle Blower

Mechanism of the Bank. There exists an online forum

for all employees in the intranet server of the Bank to

report genuine concerns under the mechanism. No

application / compliant was received in this regard

during FY 2023.

D. SUBSIDIARIES

The Bank does not have any Subsidiaries and hence

relevant disclosures regarding material subsidiaries

prescribed under Listing Regulations do not arise.

E. IMPLEMENTATION OF NON-MANDATORY

REQUIREMENTS

a. The:

Managing Director & CEO

th

Date: 25 April, 2023

Place: Chennai

DECLARATION UNDER REGULATION 34(3) READ WITH SCHEDULE V OF

SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015

148

Report

A N N U A L

2 22 - 23

Sd/-:

Managing Director

Independent Director

SRI. SHIVASHANKAR

4.

NARAYANAN VELLUR

00929256

07-02-2018

Independent Director

SRI. THIRUVALLIANGUDI

5.

SRINIVASAN SRIDHAR

01681108

07-02-2018

Independent Director

SRI. VAIDYANATHAN

6.

KALYANASUNDARAM

07120706

03-05-2019

Independent Director

SRI. TIRUKKARUGAVUR

7.

KRISHNAMOORTHY RAMKUMAR

02688194

17-06-2019

Independent Director

ESG

Report

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

List of

Branches

Basel III:

Managing Director & CEO

Sd/-

151

Report

A N N U A L

2 22 - 23

ESG

Report

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

List of

Branches

Basel III:

letter

d a t e d 3 0 . 1 2 . 2 0 2 1

consisting of Cash and

Non-Cash component.

i. Cash component of

`42,38,217 of which

a n a m o u n t o f

`21,19,109/- has

been deferred for a

period of 3 years.

ii. Non-cash component

of

42,38,217/-

`

which is deferred for

period of 3 years.

T h e d e f e r r e d

components are yet to

be paid for FY2021.

3

m e e t i n g s

( C o m p e n s a t i o n &

R e m u n e r a t i o n

Committee) were held

during the financial year

a n d t h e t o t a l

r e m u n e r a t i o n &

commission paid to the

members during the year

is `27,00,000/- (including

c o m m i s s i o n o f

`24,00,000/-).

218

Report

A N N U A L

2 22 - 23:

letter dt.

30.12.2021).

b) N o n - C a s h

component (Fully

d e f e r r e d )

`42,38,217/- for

FY2021 approved

by RBI to be paid in

3 years. This is yet to

be sanctioned by the

bank.

No. of Stock Options

granted during FY

2021-2022 : Nil

Particulars

F i x e d

P a y

:

`1,78,13,112/- per

annum (including

p e r q u i s i t e s ) w. e . f .

01.05.2021 approved by

RBI vide its: letter

dt.17.02.2023

Variable Pay :

Variable pay to MD & CEO

for FY 2022 was approved

by RBI vide its letter

d t . 1 7 . 0 2 . 2 0 2 3 -

`84,76,435/-. However as

per such approval, he is

eligible for only upfront

portion under cash

c o m p o n e n t f o r

`21,19,109/- pursuant to

para 2.1.3(c) of RBI

g u i d e l i n e s o n

Compensation to Whole

time

letter dated

30.12.2021 consisting of

C a s h a n d N o n - C a s h

component.

i. Cash component of

`42,38,217 of which an

amount of

21,19,109/-

`

has been deferred for a

period of 3 years.

ii. Non-cash component of

`42,38,217/- which is

deferred for period of 3

years.

2.

Total amount of deferred remuneration

paid out in the financial year.

NIL

NIL

Particulars

268

Report

A N N U A L

2 22 - 23:

letter dt.17.02.2023

Variable Pay :

Variable pay to MD & CEO for

FY 2022 was approved by

R B I v i d e i t s l e t t e r

d t . 1 7 . 0 2 . 2 0 2 3 -

`84,76,435/-. However as

per such approval, he is

eligible for only upfront

p o r t i o n u n d e r c a s h

component for `21,19,109/-

pursuant to para 2.1.3 (c) of

R B I g u i d e l i n e s o n

Compensation to Whole

time Directors / Chief

Executive Officers / Material

Risk Takers and Control

Function Staff dt.4.11.2019.

Fixed Pay :

`1,55,38,391/- per annum

(including perquisites and

encashment of privilege

leave)

Variable pay :

Variable pay to MD & CEO for

FY2020-21 was approved by

RBI vide its: letter dated

30.12.2021 consisting of

C a s h a n d N o n - C a s h

component.

a) Cash Components

i) Deferred

Cash component of

`42,38,217 of which an

amount of `21,19,109/-

has been deferred for a

period of 3 years.

ii) Non - deferred

st

`21,19,109/- paid on 31

January, 2022 for FY

2021 (approved by RBI

v i d e i t s l e t te r d t .

30.12.2021).

b) Non Cash Components

(Fully deferred)

`42,38,217/- for FY 2021

approved by RBI to be

paid in 3 years. This is

yet to be sanctioned by

the Bank.

No. of stock options

granted during FY 2021-

22: Nil

269

Report

A N N U A L

2 22 - 23

ESG

Report

Statutory

Reports

Financial

Statements

List of

Branches

Basel III

letter, then provide any one of the

following;

any one of the documents in row 3 in Table C, reflecting the old address

or

Counterfoil of dividend warrant received from the company or

Bank statement showing the credit of previous dividend received The

above procedure will be applicable for request for change in address of

the holder also

PAN – Exceptions and

Clarification

Minor mismatch in

Signature - minor

Major mismatch in

Signature or its non-

availability with the RTA

Mismatch in Name

Present address of the

holder is not matching

w i t h t h e a d d r e s s

available in the folio

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

(Page 4 is for information to investors; print out of the same is not required):

