Letter

etc.,

authorizing

its

representative to attend the AGM through VC/OAVM on

its behalf and to cast its vote through remote e-voting

together with attested specimen signature(s) of the

duly authorised representative(s), to the Scrutiniser at

email id ssrauthan@ssrgroupindia.in with a copy marked

to evoting@kfintech.com. The scanned image of the

above-mentioned documents should be in the naming

format “Corporate Name Even No.”

(B)

Members whose email IDs are not registered with the

Company/DP(s), and consequently the Annual Report,

Notice of AGM and e-voting instructions cannot be

serviced, will have to follow the following process:

8

A NEW ERA OF WEALTH CREATION. FOR A NEW INDIA.

HDFC ASSET MANAGEMENT COMPANY LIMITED:

letter providing the email address,

mobile number, self-attested PAN copy and Client Master

copy in case of electronic folio and copy of share certificate

in case of physical folio for sending the Annual report,

Notice of AGM and the e-voting instructions.

After receiving the e-voting instructions, please follow all

steps above to cast your vote by electronic means.

Details on Step 3 are mentioned below:

Instructions for all the shareholders for attending the AGM

of the Company through VC/OAVM and e-voting during the

meeting.

i.

Member will be provided with a facility to attend

the

AGM

through

VC/OAVM

platform

provided

by

KFintech.

Members

may

access

the

same

at https://emeetings.kfintech.com/ by using the e-voting

login credentials provided in the email received from the

Company/KFintech. After logging in, click on the Video

Conference tab and select the EVEN of the Company. Click

on the video symbol and accept the meeting etiquettes

to join the meeting. Please note that the members who

do not have the User ID and Password for e-voting or

have forgotten the User ID and Password may retrieve

the same by following the remote e-voting instructions

mentioned above.

ii.

Facility for joining AGM though VC/OAVM shall open atleast

30 minutes before the commencement of the Meeting.

iii.

Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through

Laptops/Desktops with Google Chrome

(preferred

browser), Safari, Microsoft Edge, Mozilla Firefox 22.

iv.

Members will be required to grant access to the webcam

to enable VC/OAVM. Further, Members connecting from

Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting

via Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss due

to fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore

recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to

mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.

v.

As the AGM is being conducted through VC/OAVM, for the

smooth conduct of proceedings of the AGM, Members are

encouraged to express their views/send their queries in

advance mentioning their name, demat account number/

folio number, email id, mobile number at shareholders.

relations@hdfcfund.com. Questions/queries received by

the Company till June 19, 2023, shall only be considered and

responded during the AGM.

vi.

The Members who have not cast their vote through remote

e-voting shall be eligible to cast their vote through e-voting

system available during the AGM. E-voting during the AGM

is integrated with the VC/OAVM platform. The Members

may click on the voting icon displayed on the screen to cast

their votes.

vii.

A Member can opt for only single mode of voting i.e., through

Remote e-voting or voting at the AGM. If a member casts

votes by both modes, then voting done through Remote

e-voting shall prevail and vote at the AGM shall be treated

as invalid. A member may participate in the AGM even after

exercising his right to vote through Remote e-voting but

shall not be entitled to vote again.

viii. Facility of joining the AGM through VC/OAVM shall be

available for atleast 2,000 members on first come first

served basis and

ix.

Institutional Members are encouraged to attend and vote

at the AGM through VC/OAVM.

Other Instructions

I.

Speaker Registration: The Members who wish to speak

during the meeting may register themselves as speakers

for the AGM to express their views. They can visit https://

emeetings.kfintech.com and login through the user id and

password provided in the mail received from KFintech. On

successful login, select ‘Speaker Registration’ which will

open during the remote e-voting period. The Company

reserves the right to restrict the speakers at the AGM to

only those Members who have registered themselves,

depending on the availability of time for the AGM.

II.

In case of any query and/or grievance, in respect

of voting by electronic means, Members may refer

to the Help & Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)

and E-voting user manual available at the download

section of https://evoting.kfintech.com (KFintech Website)

or write to evoting@kfintech.com or call Ms. Krishna

Priya Maddula, Senior manager (KFintech) at phone

NOTICE

9

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23:

letter of re-appointment to be issued

to Mr. Kaji, Mr. Purandare, Mr. Bhandarkar, Mr. Shah and

Ms. Malhotra setting out the terms and conditions and other

material documents are available for inspection.

The Board recommends passing of the Special Resolutions,

as set out at Item Nos. 4 to 8 of this Notice, for approval of

the members.

Except for Mr. Kaji, Mr. Purandare, Mr. Bhandarkar, Mr. Shah and

Ms. Malhotra and their relatives, none of the other Directors or

NOTICE

11

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23:

Dear Shareholders,

It is my pleasure to present to you the

annual report of HDFC Asset Management

Company Limited for FY 22-23.

I would like to take this opportunity to convey my optimism on the

future of India. The country is now driven by aspirations to become

a developed nation by the centenary of its independence in 2047.

This vision includes a technology-driven and knowledge-based

economy, with strong public finances and a robust financial sector.

India’s key priorities, as outlined in the Union Budget for FY 23-

24 focuses on Inclusive Development, Reaching the Last Mile,

Infrastructure and Investment, Unleashing the Potential, Green

Growth, Youth Power and the Financial Sector.

I am confident that India will achieve its true potential and emerge

as a preferred global leader in many areas. We, at HDFC AMC, are

proud to participate in this journey. Our products and services

will contribute towards overall economic growth and enable

increased financial savings. By focusing on inclusion, we want to

help millions achieve their financial goals.

India resilient amidst global uncertainties

FY 22-23 was a volatile year for the global economy and the capital

markets. While the world was still reeling from the economic

impact of the pandemic, it was met with heightened geopolitical

tensions. This was followed by unprecedented inflationary

pressures and subsequent rate hikes by most central banks to

rein in inflation. The US Federal Reserve raised its policy rates by

475 bps between March 2022 to March 2023, after holding rates

at near 0% for a record period. The Bank of England raised rates

by 4.15%. The People’s Bank of China, in a departure from major

central banks, adopted an accommodative stance owing to a

slowdown in the growth momentum. With higher interest rates,

inflation began to gradually ease, but remained elevated. Further

bouts of uncertainty arose with the eruption of the banking

crises in certain segments in US and Europe. With global macro-

economic headwinds, FY 22-23 turned out to be a turbulent year

for global equity markets.

Yet, the Indian financial environment remained resilient and the

second advance estimates released by the National Statistical

Office placed India’s real gross domestic product growth at 7.0%

for FY 22-23. Growth was underpinned by strong investment

activity, bolstered by the government’s capex push, buoyant

private consumption, the Production Linked Incentive Scheme,

impetus to Micro, Small and Medium Scale Enterprises and the

increased thrust on digitalisation.

Investors continue to believe in mutual funds

as a vehicle for wealth creation

In the past five years, the AUM of the Indian mutual fund industry

has grown about two-fold from `21 Lakh Crore to around `40

Lakh Crore. Inflows into equity‑oriented schemes continued to

remain buoyant during the fiscal year on back of robust flows into

Systematic Investment Plans (SIP).

Debt funds, however, witnessed net outflows for the second

year in a row. The Finance Bill, 2023 proposed an amendment in

the income tax laws w.e.f. April 1, 2023, where investments in

Specified Debt MFs (defined as not more than 35% of its total

corpus being invested in domestic equity shares) would no

longer receive indexation benefits when computing long‑term

capital gains and would be taxed at applicable slab rates. Much

as the industry would have preferred status quo on the taxation

norms, the policy makers’ push for the development of the debt

market, coupled with inherent benefits of debt mutual funds such

as liquidity, diversification and professional management will, in

my opinion, continue to make debt mutual funds an attractive

asset class.

The industry continued its growth streak with the total number

of folios growing to 14.57 Crore as of March 31, 2023, as against

12.95 Crore in the previous year, highlighting domestic investors’

confidence in the Indian growth story and in mutual funds as

an effective vehicle for wealth creation. In fact, growth in the

domestic investment industry has emerged as a strong bulwark

against the uncertainties of Foreign Portfolio Investor flows.

Mutual Funds are on a strong footing

and we have plenty of reason to

believe that the trust in products

and services offered by the industry

will enable further growth in the

coming years.

Deepak S. Parekh

Chairman

Financialisation of savings and increasing

penetration to drive growth

Indian investors are increasingly adopting capital market

products, leading to a gradual ‘financialisation’ of assets in the

country. A young working population with growing income,

increasing financial inclusion, digitalisation of the economy and

increased awareness about capital market products like mutual

funds are likely to fuel financialisation even further.

The ratio of AUM to the country’s GDP is an important indicator

of the industry’s growth. Penetration of mutual fund assets in the

US, as a percentage of country’s GDP, grew from 23% in 1991 to

68% in 2001, and approximately 150% in 2021. As against this,

the current mutual fund penetration in India has just crossed 16%.

Mutual funds are on a strong footing and we have plenty of reason

to believe that the trust in products and services offered by the

industry will enable further growth in the coming years.

Regulator and Industry working with a

growth mindset

SEBI has done a commendable job in building investor confidence

over the years. Investor confidence is one of the main drivers for

the growth of any investment management industry. SEBI has

also played a pivotal role in promoting investor protection and

market development in India while maintaining efficiency and

transparency of the mutual fund industry. Due credit must be

given to all other stakeholders, i.e., the government, industry

body AMFI, media, distributors and all other industry players for

contributing to the growth of the mutual fund industry in India.

At HDFC AMC, we endeavour to deliver growth that benefits every

section of society by integrating sustainability in our decision

making. I am grateful to our shareholders and customers for

putting their trust in us. I would also like to thank our employees,

service providers and distribution partners for their hard work,

dedication and unwavering commitment.

Deepak S. Parekh

Chairman

HDFC ASSET MANAGEMENT COMPANY LIMITED

CORPORATE OVERVIEW CHAIRMAN’S MESSAGE

14

15

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

A NEW ERA OF WEALTH CREATION. FOR A NEW INDIA.:

Dear Shareholders,

It is an honour and a privilege to write this note on behalf of

team HDFC AMC. I am pleased to present the Annual Report

for the FY 22-23. It has been a remarkable year, characterised by

resilience and progress in the face of global challenges. We take

pride in reflecting on our journey and sharing some key highlights

of our progress with you.

Economic landscape

This was quite an eventful year for global financial markets. The

ripple effect of Ukraine‑Russia conflict, which started in Feb‑22,

was felt across the globe in the first half of FY 22‑23 as supply chain

disruptions meant that inflation numbers touched uncomfortable

levels. The subsequent synchronised fight against inflation by

central banks around the world ended up creating volatility across

various asset classes. Further, stress in segments of the US and

European banking system meant that the end of the financial year

was equally eventful, as the risk‑off sentiment globally resulted in

Gold scaling close to a record high. Amidst all this volatility, Indian

equities showed remarkable resilience, owing to the strength of

domestic flows and indices touched an all‑time high in Dec‑22.

Going forward too, India continues to remain ‘an oasis of hope’

for the global economy, backed by a unique combination of

Democracy, Demographics, Demand and Digitisation. Emphasis

on structural reforms and agile execution aimed at ease of doing

business, building best-in-class physical, virtual, and social

infrastructure, and improvement in quality of life is paving the

path for robust, sustainable, and inclusive growth. From a per

capita income of ~$2,000 at present, India has a long runway to

look forward to in its Amrit Kaal (2022-2047).

Mutual fund industry

The mutual fund (MF) industry had a good year with AUM crossing

the `40 lakh crore milestone. This accomplishment highlights the

industry’s robust performance, showcasing nearly a doubling of

AUM over the past five years. Moreover, the industry witnessed

an addition of 1.6 crore new folios during the last year, bringing

the total count to an impressive 14.6 crore. The popularity of

Systematic Investment Plans (SIPs) continued to soar, with flows

of over `14,000 crore in the month of March 2023 from a new

milestone of six crore SIP accounts. This surge in SIP investments

demonstrates the investors’ confidence in mutual funds as an

effective wealth‑creation tool.

The growth of the MF industry showcases its ability to adapt

to evolving investor preferences and market dynamics. The

industry’s continuous efforts to educate and create awareness

about the benefits of mutual funds have played a pivotal role in

driving investor participation. As more individuals recognise

the potential of mutual funds to generate wealth over the long

term, the industry is poised for further growth and success in the

coming years.

Embracing the opportunities ahead

The MF industry has witnessed approximately 6x growth in AUM

in each of the last two decades. As much as another 6x growth

in the next decade seems hard to fathom, the advent of

smartphones, digitisation and government’s financial inclusion

programme like Jan Dhan Yojana have brought crores of Indians

into the new era of what can be termed as ‘Jan-Nivesh’.

India’s MF AUM to GDP ratio stands at 16%, a five-fold

improvement in last 20 years, but it still lags behind the world

average of 80%. Given its long-term track record, transparency,

risk management and ease of transacting, India’s MF AUM has

good headroom to grow. With our understanding of the pulse

of India’s household savings culture, we aim to usher in a new

era of wealth creation that harmonises with the aspirations of a

new India.

We stand in alignment with the government’s vision of Amrit

Kaal and Saptarshi–a time for prosperity and abundance with

inclusivity–and strive to play our part in bringing it to fruition

through our mission ‘to be a wealth creator for every Indian’

and our vision ‘to be the most respected asset manager in the

world’. This purpose and passion is at the centre of everything

we do. We believe we have the right people, processes, products,

performance, partnerships and platforms to help us achieve

our ambitious mission and vision. India’s quest for inclusive

development is translating into ever increasing contribution from

small towns and big cities alike, from all segments of the nation’s

diverse demographics.

We are a knowledge driven

organisation - an attribute that is

critical for us to excel in order to

realise our vision to be the most

respected asset manager in the world.

Navneet Munot

MD & CEO

Strengthening our investment offerings

During the year, we made significant advancements in

strengthening our brand as investment managers. We are

committed to being a comprehensive one-stop shop for all

investment needs. Towards this goal, we expanded our product

portfolio to align with the evolving needs of customers.

Till just about a year ago, there was a heated debate on active

funds vs. passive funds. However, active funds have shown

decent outperformance both in the short term and long term.

The debate today is no longer about active Vs. passive, but about

active AND passive. We believe that both will continue to co-exist

and there is plenty of room for growth in both markets – for those

who want to just meet the market and those who also want to beat

the market.We have best-in-class product suite and solution

stack for our clients across both active as well as passive.

We want to remain steadfastly dominant in our actively managed

funds, with the aim of delivering alpha (outperformance against

the index) across the board. We bolstered our active portfolio

through strategic expansions and product introductions. Our

Business Cycles NFO garnered an overwhelming response,

with over one lakh investors subscribing to it, out of which

approximately 30,000 were new investors who chose to embark

on their investment journey with us. We proudly added the HDFC

MNC Fund to our product suite and this addition also attracted

considerable interest.

Our dedication to providing the best-in-class passive investment

solutions led us to establish the HDFCMF Index Solutions brand,

reaffirming our 20‑year legacy of trustworthiness in this domain.

To cater to evolving market demands, we introduced an array of

new passive products, amplifying our offerings to investors.

Furthermore, we fortified our HDFC AMC Portfolio Management

Services brand by introducing two innovative products, enabling

us to better serve our clients’ needs. Recognising the potential

of India’s private markets, we embarked on an exciting journey

by launching the HDFC Alternatives brand. We launched our

Category II AIF fund of funds (HDFC AMC Select AIF FOF) during

the year and are pleased to announce its first close on March 31,

2023 with commitments adding up to `400 Crore. We will continue

to garner further interest in this fund. Simultaneously, we set foot

on the path to global outreach through the establishment of HDFC

AMC International (IFSC) Limited. This strategic move allows

better access to global institutions, opening up new markets for

our products and services. At the same time, it will enable us to

expand our offerings to domestic investors through investment

options aligned with the Liberalised Remittance Scheme (LRS).

HDFC ASSET MANAGEMENT COMPANY LIMITED

CORPORATE OVERVIEW MD’S MESSAGE

16

17

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

A NEW ERA OF WEALTH CREATION. FOR A NEW INDIA.:

Managing Director in 1999 and

as the: Managing Director in 2000. He was

re-designated as the Vice

Managing Director & Chief Executive

Officer of the Company since February 16,

2021. He has 29 years of rich experience

in Financial Markets. Prior to joining the

Company, he was the Executive Director

and Chief Investment Officer of SBI Funds

Management Private Limited. He was a

key member of the Executive Committee

and was responsible for overseeing

investments of over $150 billion across

various asset classes in mutual funds and

segregated accounts. He was also on

the Board of SBI Pension Funds Private

Limited. In his previous assignments,

he was the Executive Director and Head

- Multi-strategy boutique with Morgan

Stanley Investment Management and

Chief Investment Officer – Fixed Income

and hybrid funds at Birla Sunlife Mutual

Fund. Mr. Munot has a Master’s degree in

Accountancy and Business Statistics and

is a qualified Chartered Accountant. He

is also a charter holder of CFA and CAIA

Institute(s) and holds a Financial Risk

Management (FRM) certification.

Mr. Navneet Munot: Managing

letter from

abrdn Investment Management Limited (“abrdn”), one of the

promoters holding 10.21% of the paid-up share capital of the

Company, intimating their intention to sell the entire stake

in the Company subject to applicable SEBI (Mutual Funds)

Regulations, 1996 (“SEBI MF Regulations”). In this connection,

SEBI had granted its approval permitting abrdn to reduce its

shareholding in the Company to less than 10%, subject to the

Company complying with the requirements specified under

SEBI MF Regulations. Your Company has complied with the

above requirements and abrdn can now reduce its stake in

the Company thereby ceasing to be the co-sponsor of HDFC

Mutual Fund.

Directors and Key Managerial Personnel

Non-Executive Directors

In accordance with the provisions of Section 152 of the Act,

Mr. Keki Mistry (DIN: 00008886), Non-Executive Director, will

retire by rotation at the ensuing Annual General Meeting (AGM)

of the Company. Mr. Mistry, who is eligible for reappointment,

has conveyed that he does not intend to seek re-appointment

and will retire on completion of his current term at the

ensuing AGM.

Mr. Mistry has always provided constructive and valuable advice

from time to time for business strategy, financial matters and

governance perspective for over 15 years as board member of

the Company. The Board placed on record its acknowledgement

and appreciation for the valuable contributions made by

Mr. Mistry.

Necessary proposal to not fill up the vacancy caused by

retirement of Mr. Keki Mistry has been placed for your approval

at the ensuing AGM.

During the year, Mr. Rushad Abadan (DIN: 08035538),

Non- Executive Director of the Company, director nominated

by abrdn Investment Management Limited (formerly Standard

Life Investments Limited) (AIML), one of the Promoters of the

Company, has resigned as Director of the Company with effect

from close of business hours of April 18, 2023 pursuant to

withdrawal of his nomination by AIML.

The Board placed on record its appreciation for the contribution

made by Mr. Abadan during his association with the Company.

Independent Directors

Mr. Shashi Kant Sharma (DIN: 03281847), Independent Director,

has resigned as Director of the Company with effect from April

11, 2022 as he was not in a position to devote adequate time to

the affairs of the Company due to his pre-occupation.

The Board placed on record its appreciation for the contribution

made by Mr. Sharma during his association with the Company.

Pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149 and 152 of the

Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Appointment

and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, along with

Schedule IV to the Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI Listing

Regulations, Mr. Dhruv Kaji (DIN: 00192559), Mr. Jairaj Purandare

(DIN: 00159886), Mr. Sanjay Bhandarkar (DIN: 01260274),

Mr. Parag Shah (DIN: 00374944) and Ms. Roshni Nadar Malhotra

(DIN: 02346621), Independent Directors, were appointed at the

AGM of the members held on July 16, 2019, to hold office for a

term of 5 consecutive years not liable to retire by rotation, on

the Board of your Company. Thus, the current term of Mr. Kaji,

Mr. Purandare and Mr. Bhandarkar as Independent Directors

of the Company ends on October 30, 2023 and of Mr. Shah and

Ms. Nadar as Independent Directors of the Company ends on

January 21, 2024 and April 26, 2024, respectively.

Considering their skills, background, experience, integrity,

knowledge, expertise and contributions made over last four

years as Independent Directors of the Company and on the

basis of their performance evaluation, the Board believes that

their continued association as Independent Directors would

be of immense benefit to the Company. Accordingly, the Board

of Directors of the Company based on the recommendation

of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee, re-appointed

all the aforementioned directors as Independent Directors of

the Company for a second term of five (5) consecutive years

commencing from the end of their first tenure respectively

subject to the approval of members through special resolutions

at the ensuing AGM.

In compliance with the provisions of Regulation 17(1A) of the

Listing Regulations, the approval of the members by special

resolution is also sought for re-appointing Mr. Kaji, who would

be attaining the age of 75 years during his second term of

appointment as an Independent Director.

Mr. Dhruv Kaji, Mr. Jairaj Purandare, Mr. Sanjay Bhandarkar,

Mr. Parag Shah and Ms. Roshni Nadar Malhotra, Independent

Directors, have submitted declarations stating that they meet

the criteria of independence as per the provisions of the Act and

SEBI Listing Regulations.

All the Independent Directors have also confirmed that in terms

of Rule 6(3) of the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of

Directors) Rules, 2014, they have registered themselves with the

Independent Director’s database as prescribed under the Act.

Further, in terms of Rule 6(4) of the Companies (Appointment

and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, one Independent

Director has passed the Online Proficiency Self-Assessment test

conducted by Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs (IICA) and the

other four Independent Directors were not required to appear

for the said test as required by IICA as they fulfil the criteria

stipulated under Rule 6(4) of the Companies (Appointment and

Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014.

In the opinion of the Board, the Independent Directors fulfil

the conditions specified under the Act, the Rules made

thereunder and SEBI Listing Regulations and are independent of

the management.

All the directors of the Company have confirmed that they are

not disqualified for being appointed as directors pursuant to

Section 164 of the Companies Act, 2013.

Key Managerial Personnel

In accordance with the provisions of Sections 2(51) and

203 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies

(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel)

Rules, 2014, as amended, Mr. Navneet Munot,: Managing

Managing Director

& CEO of the Company from its Holding Company and

Subsidiary Company.

• Disclosure pertaining to maintenance of cost records as

specified by the Central Government under sub-section (1)

of Section 148 of the Act, is not applicable to your Company.

• There was no application made or any proceeding pending

under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 during

the year.

• There was no one-time settlement entered into with any

Bank or financial institutions in respect of any loan taken by

the Company.

• Details of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors

including its composition are provided in the Report of the

Directors on Corporate Governance, which forms part of

this report.

Directors’ Responsibility Statement

In accordance with the provisions of Section 134(5) of the Act

and based on the information provided by the management,

your Directors state that:

(i)

In the preparation of the annual accounts, the applicable

accounting standards had been followed along with proper

explanation relating to material departures;

(ii)

Accounting policies selected were applied consistently.

Reasonable and prudent judgements and estimates were

made so as to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs

of the Company at the end of March 31, 2023 and of the

profit of the Company for year ended on that date;

(iii)

Proper and sufficient care has been taken for maintenance

of adequate accounting records in accordance with the

provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets of the

Company and for preventing and detecting frauds and

other irregularities;

(iv) The annual accounts of the Company have been prepared

on a going concern basis;

(v)

Internal financial controls have been laid down to be

followed by the Company and such internal financial

controls are adequate and operating effectively; and

(vi) Proper systems have been devised to ensure compliance

with the provisions of all applicable laws and that such

systems were adequate and operating effectively.

Secretarial Standards

Your Company is in compliance with the provisions of the

applicable Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute of

Company Secretaries of India in terms of the Act.

Prevention of Sexual Harassment Policy and its

Reporting

Your Company has framed and implemented a Policy on Sexual

Harassment of Women at Workplace aiming at prevention of

harassment of employees which lays down the guidelines for

identification, reporting and prevention of undesired behaviour.

6 (six) Internal Committees (IC) for different zones were

constituted in accordance with the Sexual Harassment of

Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal)

Act, 2013 with women employees being a majority and an

external member. The Policy, IC Members’ details and the penal

consequences of violating the said Act/Policy are displayed at

all offices/ISCs and on the intranet of the Company. Regular

employee awareness sessions are conducted to generate

awareness about the policy, reporting mechanism and

prevention of sexual harassment at the workplace. During

the year, the IC received no complaint pertaining to

sexual harassment.

Significant/Material

orders

passed

by

the

Regulators

There are no significant and material orders by any regulator,

court, tribunal impacting the going concern status of the

Company and its operations in future.

Material changes and commitments, if any, affecting

the financial position of the Company from the

financial year end till the date of this report

There have been no material changes and commitments

affecting the financial position of the Company which have

occurred between the end of the financial year 2022-23 and the

date of this Report.

Acknowledgements

The Directors take this opportunity to thank its investors,

shareholders, trustee company, bankers, distributors, key

partners, Investor Service Centres and other service providers

for their continued support. The Directors would like to convey

their gratitude to Housing Development Finance Corporation

Limited and abrdn Investment Management Limited (Formerly

Standard Life Investments Limited), promoters of your Company.

The Directors acknowledge the valuable assistance, support

and guidance given by the Securities and Exchange Board of

India, Association of Mutual Funds of India, Reserve Bank of India,

Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Registrar of Companies, Stock

Exchanges and Depositories.

The Directors wish to place on record their appreciation to

employees at all levels for their dedication and commitment.

The Directors also acknowledge the faith reposed in HDFC

Mutual Fund by its investors and look forward to their

continued support.

On behalf of the Board of Directors

Deepak S. Parekh

Mumbai

Chairman

May 30, 2023

(DIN: 00009078)

CIN: L65991MH1999PLC123027

Registered Office:

“HDFC House”, 2nd Floor, H. T. Parekh Marg

165 - 166, Backbay Reclamation, Churchgate

Mumbai – 400 020.

Tel.: 022 – 6631 6333, Fax: 022 – 66580203

HDFC ASSET MANAGEMENT COMPANY LIMITED

STATUTORY REPORTS DIRECTORS’ REPORT

66

67

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

A NEW ERA OF WEALTH CREATION. FOR A NEW INDIA.:

letter of even date which is

annexed as Annexure ‘A’ and forms an integral part of this report.

‘Annexure A’

To

The Members,

HDFC ASSET MANAGEMENT COMPANY LIMITED

CIN: L65991MH1999PLC123027

Our Secretarial Audit Report for the financial year ended on

March 31, 2023 of even date is to be read along with this: letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of

the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to

express an opinion on these secretarial records based on

our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as

were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The

verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct

facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe

that the processes and practices, we followed provide a

reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness

of financial records and books of accounts of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management

representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and

other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is

the responsibility of management. Our examination was

limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to

the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted

the affairs of the Company.

For Bhandari & Associates

Company Secretaries

Firm Registration No.: P1981MH043700

S. N. Bhandari

Partner

FCS No.: 761; CP. No.: 366

Mumbai | April 25, 2023

UDIN: F000761E000183284

1.

Brief outline on CSR Policy of the Company: The Company carries its Corporate Social Responsibility (‘CSR’) activities through

various implementing agencies. The details of the Company's CSR Initiatives project/programs and activities are provided in

this annexure and more particularly specified in the CSR Policy of the Company which is uploaded on its website and can be

viewed on https://www.hdfcfund.com/about-us/corporate-profile/csr.

2.

Composition of Environmental, Social & Governance and Corporate Social Responsibility (‘ESG & CSR’) Committee:

Sl.

No.

Name of Director

Designation/ Nature of Directorship

Number of meetings of ESG & CSR

Committee held during the year

Number of meetings of ESG &

CSR Committee attended during the year

1.

Mr. Deepak Parekh

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

HDFC ASSET MANAGEMENT COMPANY LIMITED

STATUTORY REPORTS DIRECTORS’ REPORT

72

73

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

A NEW ERA OF WEALTH CREATION. FOR A NEW INDIA.:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

74.4:1

Mr. Deepak Parekh

Non-Executive – Non-Independent Director

4.1:1

Mr. Keki Mistry

Non-Executive – Non-Independent Director

3.5:1

Ms. Renu Sud Karnad

Non-Executive – Non-Independent Director

3.7:1

Mr. Rushad Abadan1

Non-Executive – Non-Independent Director

-

Mr. Dhruv Kaji

Non-Executive – Independent Director

4.2:1

Mr. Jairaj Purandare

Non-Executive – Independent Director

4.2:1

Mr. Sanjay Bhandarkar

Non-Executive – Independent Director

4.3:1

Mr. Parag Shah

Non-Executive – Independent Director

3.5:1

Ms. Roshni Nadar Malhotra

Non-Executive – Independent Director

2.8:1

Mr. Shashi Kant Sharma2

Non-Executive – Independent Director

-

1 Resigned as the Director of the Company w.e.f. the close of business hours of April 18, 2023.

2 Resigned as the Director of the Company w.e.f. April 11, 2022.

Note:

The Company has considered fixed pay and performance bonus/commission for the computation of ratios. Fixed pay includes – salary, allowances, as

well as value of perquisites excluding retrial benefits.

Percentage increase in the remuneration of each director and key managerial personnel in FY 2022-23

Key Managerial Personnel

Name

Designation

Increase in Remuneration (%)

Mr. Navneet Munot: Managing

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

9.

Does the entity have a specified Committee of the Board/ Director responsible for decision-making on sustainability

related issues? (Yes / No). If yes, provide details

Yes, the ESG and CSR Committee of the Board provides guidance, leadership and necessary oversight for ESG initiatives of

the Company.

Name

Designation

DIN

Category

Mr. Deepak Parekh

Chairman

00009078

Non – Executive Director

Mr. Navneet Munot

Member

05247228

MD & CEO

Mr. Parag Shah

Member

00374944

Independent Director

10. Details of Review of NGRBCs by the Company

Subject for Review

Review of Principles Undertaken and their Frequency

Performance against above policies and follow up action

Relevant policies of the Company are reviewed periodically or on a

need basis.

The necessary changes to policies and procedures are implemented

accordingly.

Compliance with statutory requirements of relevance to the

principles, and, rectification of any non-compliances

The Company is in compliance with the extant regulations as applicable

11. Has the entity carried out independent assessment/ evaluation of the working of its policies by an external agency? (Yes/

No). If yes, provide name of the agency

The processes and compliances are subject to audits and inspections as applicable. The policies are reviewed on a periodical

basis by the respective departments, and updated accordingly. The updated policies with changes recommended by the

management of the Company are placed before the Board for its approval, as applicable. An internal assessment of the workings

of the policies has been carried out as stated above.

12. If answer to question (1) above is “No” i.e. not all Principles are covered by a policy, reasons to be stated:

Disclosure Questions

P1

P2

P3

P4

P5

P6

P7

P8

P9

The entity does not consider the

Principles material to its business

(Yes/No)

Note 1

Note 2

The entity is not at a stage where it is in a

position to formulate and implement the

policies on specified principles (Yes/No)

The entity does not have the financial

or/human and technical resources

available for the task (Yes/No)

It is planned to be done in the next

financial year (Yes/No)

Any other reason (please specify)

Notes:

1.

As the nature of business of the Company is providing comprehensive suite of savings and investment products, at a

corporate level, consumption of resources is limited to running of operations.

2.

The Company may share its expertise to help in the formulation of public policy but it does not directly engage in advocacy

activities and hence does not have a specific policy for this purpose. The Company actively engages in investor education

programmes for mutual funds in line with AMFI guidelines. Also, the Company has advocated through AMFI, various

governance, administration, economic and educational reforms.

HDFC ASSET MANAGEMENT COMPANY LIMITED

84

85

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

A NEW ERA OF WEALTH CREATION. FOR A NEW INDIA.

STATUTORY REPORTS BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY & SUSTAINABILITY REPORT:

Managing Director, Chief Compliance Officer,

Company Secretary and the respective Head of Departments based on the subject matter of the Conflict of Interest for

managing and dealing with CoI situations within the Company.

The Company has also formulated the policy on related party transactions for providing guidelines in relation to identification of

related parties.

HDFC ASSET MANAGEMENT COMPANY LIMITED

86

87

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

A NEW ERA OF WEALTH CREATION. FOR A NEW INDIA.

STATUTORY REPORTS BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY & SUSTAINABILITY REPORT:

Managing Director & Chief

Executive Officer (CEO). Of the 9 (nine) Non-Executive

Directors, 5 (five) are Independent Directors. None of the

Directors of your Company are related to each other or are

debarred from holding the office of director by SEBI or any

other authority. They have also confirmed that they satisfy

the fit and proper criteria as prescribed under the applicable

regulations. The composition of the Board is in conformity

with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015 (“Listing Regulations”) and the Companies Act, 2013

(“the Act”).

For a brief profile of the Board members, refer to page 32 of this

Annual Report.

HDFC ASSET MANAGEMENT COMPANY LIMITED

110

111

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

A NEW ERA OF WEALTH CREATION. FOR A NEW INDIA.

STATUTORY REPORTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT:

Managing Director

3. HDFC Bank Limited

Nominee Director

4. GlaxoSmithKline

Pharmaceuticals

Limited

Non-Executive Director

(Chairperson)

Mr. Rushad Abadan

Non-Executive -

Non Independent

Director

-

-

-

-

-

Mr. Dhruv Kaji

Non-Executive

- Independent

Director

3

5

1

1. Network18 Media &

Investments Limited

Independent Director

2. Ceinsys Tech Limited

Independent Director

3. TV18 Broadcast

Limited

Independent Director

Mr. Jairaj Purandare

Non-Executive

- Independent

Director

2

3

3

1. Piramal Pharma Limited

Independent Director

Mr. Sanjay Bhandarkar

Non-Executive

- Independent

Director

7

5

4

1. The Tata Power

Company Limited

Independent Director

2. Chemplast Sanmar

Limited

Independent Director

Mr. Parag Shah

Non-Executive

- Independent

Director

4

1

-

-

-

Ms. Roshni Nadar

Malhotra

Non-Executive

Independent

Director

1

1

-

1. HCL Technologies

Limited

Non-Executive Director

Mr. Navneet Munot -: Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer

Executive Director

1

-

-

-

-

Notes:

- Mr. Shashi Kant Sharma ceased to be Independent Director of the company w.e.f. April 11, 2022.

- Mr. Rushad Abadan ceased to be Non-Executive Director of the company w.e.f. the close of business hours of April 18, 2023.

*Excludes directorship in Private Limited Companies, Foreign Companies and Section 8 Companies. Also excludes directorship in the Company.

**Membership and

letter

by the Company.

Independent Directors

Independent Directors are appointed/re-appointed based

on the recommendation of the Nomination & Remuneration

Committee (NRC) and approval of the Board. As required under

the Listing Regulations, for every appointment of Independent

Director, the NRC evaluates the balance of skills, knowledge and

experience on the Board and on the basis of such evaluation, the

NRC identifies the candidate for appointment as an Independent

Director. Re-appointments are made based on evaluation of

their contributions.

Accordingly, the Board of Directors of the Company at its

meeting held on April 25, 2023 based on the recommendation

of the NRC, has approved re-appointment(s) of following

directors as Independent Directors for a second term of 5 (five)

consecutive years subject to approval of the shareholders of the

company by Special Resolution at the ensuing Annual General

Meeting ("AGM"):

Sr.

No.

Name of Directors

Tenure

1

Mr. Dhruv Kaji

October 31, 2023 up to October

30, 2028

2

Mr. Jairaj Purandare

3

Mr. Sanjay Bhandarkar

4

Mr. Parag Shah

January 22, 2024 up to January

21, 2029

5

Ms. Roshni Nadar Malhotra

April 27, 2024 up to

April 26, 2029

In compliance with the provisions of Regulation 17(1A) of the

Listing Regulations, the approval of the members by special

resolution is also sought for re-appointing Mr. Kaji, who would

be attaining the age of 75 years during his second term of

appointment as an Independent Director.

Further, Mr. Shashi Kant Sharma (DIN: 03281847), Independent

Director of the Company, has resigned as Director with effect

from April 11, 2022, as he was not in a position to devote

adequate time to the affairs of the Company due to his pre-

occupation elsewhere. Mr. Sharma has confirmed that there are

no other material reasons for his resignation other than the one

mentioned above.

All the Independent Directors have confirmed that they meet

the criteria as mentioned under Listing Regulations and Section

149 of the Act. The maximum tenure of Independent Directors

is in accordance with the Act and other applicable Regulations.

Based on the declarations received from the Independent

Directors, the Board is of the opinion that, all the Independent

Directors fulfill the conditions specified in the Act, Listing

Regulations and are independent of the Management.

Meeting of Independent Directors

Independent Directors are mandated to hold at least one

meeting in a financial year, where Non-Independent Directors

are not present. In such meetings, the Independent Directors

review the performance of Non-Independent Directors and

the Board as a whole; the Chairman of the Company taking

into account the views of Executive/Non‑Executive Directors;

and assess the quality, quantity and timely flow of information

between your Company’s management and the Board that is

necessary for the Board to effectively and reasonably perform

their duties.

During FY 2022-23, the Independent Directors met once on

March 24, 2023.

Familiarisation Programme

As part of the Familiarisation Programme, the Directors of

the Company are updated on regular basis with changes in the

Mutual Fund industry, regulatory developments and different

business practices adopted in the Industry. The programme

also includes an overview and outlook of the Indian economy,

markets, trends, risk management mechanism, among others.

An orientation programme is conducted for the newly inducted

Independent Directors to introduce them to the business

practices, codes and policies, compliance practices, corporate

culture of the Company including the mutual fund business,

regulatory developments affecting the Company. During

the year, the Company had recommended and facilitated the

Directors to attend the Masterclass for Directors Programme for

Independent Directors of the Company which was organised by

Institute of Directors (IOD), a knowledge partner of IICA. Further,

training session was conducted for all its Directors on initiatives

taken by the Company in Environmental, Social and Governance

(ESG) areas.

An overview of the familiarisation programme during the year is

available on your Company’s website at https://www.hdfcfund.

com/about-us/corporate-governance/code-policy.

Board meetings

The meetings of the Board of Directors are normally held at your

Company’s Registered Office in Mumbai. Video conferencing

facilities are made available to conduct such meetings in case

physical presence is not possible and most of the meetings of

the Board and its Committees during the year were held through

video conferencing.

The Chairman ensures that the meeting is conducted in such

way that the business for which it was convened is properly

attended to, and that all those entitled to may express their

views and that the decisions taken by the meeting adequately

reflect the views of the meeting as a whole. He summarises the

discussions to ensure that members are in agreement with the

Board’s view on the issues discussed.

At the Board/Committee meetings, the: Managing

Managing Director &

Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Head – Corporate

Client Services, Head – Operations, Chief Compliance Officer,

other executives of the Company as it considers appropriate,

representatives of statutory auditor and representatives of

internal auditor to attend the meetings of the Committee.

The

terms

of

reference

for

the

Audit

Committee

broadly includes:

1.

Oversight of the Company's financial reporting process

and the disclosure of its financial information to ensure that

the financial statement is correct, sufficient and credible.

2.

Recommendation for appointment, remuneration and

terms of appointment of auditors of the Company.

3.

Approval of payment to statutory auditors for any other

services rendered by the statutory auditors.

4.

Reviewing, with the management, the annual financial

statements and the auditors’ report thereon, before

submission to the Board for approval, with particular

reference to:

a)

matters required to be included in the Directors’

Responsibility Statement to be included in the Board’s

report in terms of clause (c) of sub-section 3 of Section

134 of the Companies Act, 2013

b)

changes, if any, in accounting policies and practices

and reasons for the same

c)

major accounting entries involving estimates based

on the exercise of judgement by management

d)

significant adjustments made in the financial

statements arising out of audit findings

e)

compliance with listing and other legal requirements

relating to financial statements

f)

disclosure of any related party transactions

g)

modified opinion(s) in the draft audit report.

5.

Reviewing, with the management, the quarterly financial

statements before submission to the Board for approval.

6.

Reviewing, with the management, the statement of uses/

application of funds raised through an issue (public issue,

rights issue, preferential issue, etc.), the statement of funds

utilised for purposes other than those stated in the offer

document/prospectus/notice and the report submitted

by the monitoring agency monitoring the utilisation of

proceeds of a public or rights issue, and making appropriate

recommendations to the Board to take up steps in

this matter.

7.

Reviewing and monitoring the auditor’s independence and

performance, and effectiveness of audit process.

8.

Approval or any subsequent modification of transactions of

the Company with related parties.

9.

Scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investments.

10. Valuation of undertakings or assets of the Company,

wherever it is necessary.

11. Evaluation

of

internal

financial

controls

and

risk

management systems.

12. Reviewing with management, performance of statutory

and internal auditors, and adequacy of the internal

control systems.

13. To formulate the scope, functioning, periodicity and

methodology for conducting the internal audit in

consultation with the Internal Auditor.

14. Discussion with internal auditors any significant findings

and follow up there on.

15. Reviewing the findings of any internal investigations by the

internal auditors into matters where there is suspected

fraud or irregularity or a failure of internal control systems

of a material nature and reporting the matter to the Board.

16. Discussion with statutory auditors before the audit

commences, about the nature and scope of audit as well as

post-audit discussion to ascertain any area of concern.

17.

Looking into the reasons for substantial defaults in the

payment to the depositors, debenture holders, shareholders

(in case of non-payment of declared dividends) and creditors.

18. Reviewing the functioning of the Whistle Blower Mechanism.

19. Approval of appointment of Chief Financial Officer.

20. Reviewing the compliance with the provisions of SEBI

(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015 at least

once in a financial year and verify that the systems for

internal control are adequate and are operating effectively.

21. Review, approve, recommend, as applicable, financial

reporting process, accounting policy issues for the

Schemes including any proposed changes to the accounting

policies and practice with respect to transactions with

related parties of HDFC Mutual Fund, etc.

22. Review the audit opinion issued by the statutory auditors.

23. Consider and recommend adoption of financial statements

including half yearly unaudited financial results prepared

for the Scheme.

24. Review the system of internal controls and the audit

processes for the Mutual Fund operations, including

observations, rectifications if suggested by internal /

external auditors are acted on.

25. Review of the internal auditors’ reports, recommend and

forward observations to the Trustee board.

26. Recommending for approval, the appointment, re-

appointment and, if required, the replacement or removal

of the Statutory Auditor of the Mutual Fund, Internal Auditor

of the Mutual Fund, etc. and the fixation of fees for audit

and any other services rendered by the Statutory Auditors

with respect to the Mutual Fund including the scope of the

Internal audit.

27.

Reviewing the Internal Audit Reports of the Schemes of

Mutual Fund (including Internal Audit Report of critical

activities outsourced by the AMC such as Custodian, Fund

Accounting, the Registrar and Transfer Agent activity, etc.).

28. Reviewing the findings of any internal investigations by

the AMC / internal auditors into matters where there

is suspected fraud or irregularity or a failure of internal

control systems of a material nature or issues highlighted

or referred through whistle blower complaints, etc.

29. Reviewing Regulatory Inspection Reports.

30. Reviewing implementation status of all outstanding action

points arising out of Internal Audit Reports, Statutory Audit

Reports, Systems Audit Reports, Inspection Reports etc.

31. Reviewing the adequacy of the internal control systems,

including defining metrics for measuring internal controls,

seeking comments of the internal auditors about Internal

Control Systems, etc. and the steps taken towards

improving the effectiveness of internal control system

including through automation.

32. Interacting with the statutory and internal auditors of the

Mutual Fund, at least once annually without engagement

of management of the AMC. Besides the mandatory

requirement specified, such interactions may be held

whenever felt necessary by the Independent Directors of

the Audit Committee.

33. Evaluating various internal control measures in terms

of applicable SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996 and

various circulars issued thereunder.

34. Reviewing periodic report on compliance with applicable

laws and regulations pertaining to the Mutual Fund

operation, including the details of non-compliance along

with the corrective actions, as applicable.

35. Reviewing the Annual Compliance Report in relation to the

“Policy on Prohibition of Insider Trading” of the AMC for

Mutual Fund.

36. Assess that the AMC has been managing the mutual fund

schemes independently of other activities and have taken

adequate steps to ensure that the interest of investors

of one scheme are not being compromised with those

of any other scheme or of other activities of the asset

management company.

37. consider and comment on rationale, cost-benefits

and impact of schemes involving merger, demerger,

amalgamation etc., on the listed entity and its

shareholder; and.

HDFC ASSET MANAGEMENT COMPANY LIMITED

116

117

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

A NEW ERA OF WEALTH CREATION. FOR A NEW INDIA.

STATUTORY REPORTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT:

Managing Director/Whole Time Directors of the Company

including any variation therein from time to time and

administer the Company's stock option plans subject to the

applicable law.

6.

Whether to extend or continue the term of appointment

of the Independent Director, on the basis of the report of

performance evaluation of Independent Directors.

7.

To recommend to the Board, all remuneration, in whatever

form, payable to senior management.

8.

Any other matters/authorities/responsibilities/powers

assigned as per Companies Act 2013, Rules made

thereunder and Listing Regulations, as amended from time

to time.

Remuneration of Directors

Nomination & Remuneration Policy

The Nomination & Remuneration Policy, including the criteria

for remunerating Non-Executive Directors is recommended by

the Nomination & Remuneration Committee and approved by

the Board. The objective of the policy is to lay down criteria and

terms and conditions with regard to identifying persons who are

qualified to become Directors (Executive and Non Executive)

and persons who may be appointed in Senior Management, Key

Managerial positions and to determine their remuneration. The

Nomination & Remuneration Policy can be accessed on your

Company’s

website

https://www.hdfcfund.com/about-us/

corporate-governance/code-policy

Non-Executive Directors

The remuneration paid to Non-Executive Directors consists

of sitting fees and commission. Further, the expenses for

participation in the Board and other meetings are reimbursed

to the Directors other than directors nominated by abrdn

Investment Management Limited (formerly Standard Life

Investments Limited) including remuneration. Stock Options

may be granted to the Non-Independent Directors as

approved by the Committee. No stock options are granted to

Independent Directors.

There were no other pecuniary relationships or transactions of

Non-Executive Director vis-à-vis the Company.

Details of the remuneration and shareholding of Directors of the company for the FY 2022-23 are as follows:

Name of Directors

Salary^

(in J)

Perquisites

(in J)

Sitting fees

(in J)

*Commission

(in J)

Total (in J)

Shareholding

Mr. Deepak Parekh

-

-

18,00,000

25,00,000

43,00,000

2,24,000

Mr. Keki Mistry

-

-

12,00,000

25,00,000

37,00,000

1,68,320

Ms. Renu Sud Karnad

-

-

13,00,000

25,00,000

38,00,000

1,68,320

Mr. Rushad Abadan

-

-

-

-

-

Mr. Dhruv Kaji

-

-

19,00,000

25,00,000

44,00,000

-

Mr. Jairaj Purandare

-

-

19,00,000

25,00,000

44,00,000

-

Mr. Sanjay Bhandarkar

-

-

20,00,000

25,00,000

45,00,000

-

Mr. Parag Shah

-

-

11,00,000

25,00,000

36,00,000

-

Mr. Shashi Kant Sharma1

-

-

-

-

-

-

Ms. Roshni Nadar Malhotra

-

-

4,00,000

25,00,000

29,00,000

-

#Mr. Navneet Munot

4,44,98,924

3,67,110

-

3,32,80,000

7,81,46,034

-

Notes:

1 ceased to be Independent Director of the company w.e.f. April 11, 2022

*The Commission for the financial year ended March 31, 2023 will be paid to Non-Executive and Independent Directors, subject to deduction of tax,

after adoption of financial statements at the ensuing AGM.

^ Salary includes contribution to Provident Fund made by the Company.

#Expenses towards gratuity and leave encashment provisions are determined actuarially on an overall basis at the end of each year and accordingly,

have not been considered in the above information.

No directors were granted employee stock options during the FY 2022-23. Further, during the year under review 64,000 options was exercised by Mr.

Deepak Parekh.

Executive Director

The break-up of the pay scale, commission and quantum of

perquisites including, employer’s contribution to provident fund,

gratuity, club fees, etc., is decided and approved by the Board

on the recommendation of the Nomination & Remuneration

Committee and would be within the overall remuneration

approved by the shareholders. Stock Options are granted to the: Managing Director & CEO of the Company as approved by the

Nomination & Remuneration Committee. The annual increment

of the Managing Director & CEO is linked to his performance and

is decided and approved by the Board on the recommendation

of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee. Terms of the

service, the notice period and severance fees are as per the

terms of agreement entered into by him with the Company.

Evaluation of the Board and Directors

During the year, the Board carried out an annual evaluation of its

own performance, performance of the board committees and

individual directors pursuant to the provisions of the Act and

Listing Regulations. The Board on the recommendations of the

Nomination & Remuneration Committee approved the criteria

for annual evaluation which were broadly based on the Guidance

Note on Board Evaluation issued by the Securities and Exchange

Board of India on January 5, 2017.

Each board member was required to fill the board evaluation

questionnaire online and the questionnaire were divided

into different sections viz. Evaluation of Non – Executive

/ Independent Directors; Evaluation of Board as a whole;

Evaluation of Board Committees; Evaluation of

Managing Director.

Reporting of Internal Auditor

The Internal Auditor reports directly to the Audit Committee.

Material Subsidiary

In accordance with Regulation 16(1)(c) of the Listing Regulations,

your Company has formulated Policy for determining Material

Subsidiary which is available at https://www.hdfcfund.com/

about-us/corporate-governance/code-policy. Your Company

has incorporated its wholly owned subsidiary company namely

“HDFC AMC International (IFSC) Limited” effective May 27, 2022.

However, presently the said subsidiary is not a material subsidiary.

Commodity Price Risk or Foreign Exchange Risk and

Hedging Activities

As such, your Company is not exposed to any commodity price

or material foreign exchange risk and hence the disclosure under

Clause 9(n) of Part C of Schedule V of the Listing Regulations,

in terms of the format prescribed vide SEBI circular dated

November 15, 2018, is not applicable.

Fees Paid to Statutory Auditor

Details of fees paid to the Statutory Auditor, BSR and Co. LLP,

Chartered Accountants and all entities in the network firm/

network entity of which the statutory auditor is a part, for

all services taken by your Company and its subsidiary, on a

consolidated basis, during FY 2022-23 are as under:

(I in Crore)

Particulars

Amount

Audit Fees

0.30

Tax audit fee

0.04

Taxation Matters

0.17

Reimbursement of Expenses

0.01

Limited Review Fees

0.19

Other Services

0.09

Total

0.80

Notes:

1)

The above amount includes amount accrued as payable at the

year end.

2)

The above details have been compiled based on the list of entities

provided by the statutory auditors.

Sexual Harassment at Workplace

Your Company has zero tolerance for sexual harassment at

workplace and is compliant with provisions relating to the

constitution of Internal Complaints Committee under the

Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention,

Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 (POSH).

During the year, the Internal Complaints Committee received no

complaint pertaining to sexual harassment.

Loans and advances

The Company and its subsidiary have not given any Loan and

advance in the nature of loan to firms/companies in which

directors are interested.

Code of Conduct

Your Company has adopted a Code of Conduct for all employees

including the members of the Board and Senior Management

Personnel. All members of the Board and Senior Management

Personnel have affirmed compliance with the said Code of

Conduct for FY 2022-23.

The declaration to this effect signed by Mr. Navneet Munot,: Managing

Managing Director & Chief

Executive Officer

[Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V (Part D) of the SEBI

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015]

To the Members of

HDFC Asset Management Company Limited

I, Navneet Munot,: Managing

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

ICAI Firm Registration No. 101248W/W-100022

(DIN: 00009078)

(DIN: 05247228)

Kapil Goenka

Naozad Sirwalla

Sylvia Furtado

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 118189

(ACS: 17976)

Mumbai, April 25, 2023

Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss

for the year ended March 31, 2023

H (in Crore except per equity share data)

Particulars

Note No.

For the year ended

March 31, 2023

For the year ended

March 31, 2022

Revenue from Operations

Asset Management Services

19

2,166.81

2,115.36

Other Income

20

315.76

317.84

Total Income

2,482.57

2,433.20

Expenses

Finance Costs

28

9.69

8.64

Fees and Commission Expenses

3.68

5.41

Employee Benefits Expenses

21

312.67

312.20

Depreciation, Amortisation and Impairment

10

53.34

53.85

Other Expenses

22

232.58

197.81

Total Expenses

611.96

577.91

Profit Before Tax

1,870.61

1,855.29

Tax Expense

Current Tax

25

421.26

418.96

Deferred Tax Charge/(Credit)

25

25.43

43.20

Total Tax Expense

446.69

462.16

Profit after Tax

1,423.92

1,393.13

Other Comprehensive Income

(i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

‑ Remeasurement gain/(loss) of the defined benefit plans

0.56

0.66

(ii) Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

‑ Tax on Remeasurement of the defined benefit plans

(0.14)

(0.17)

Total Other Comprehensive Income

0.42

0.49

Total Comprehensive Income

1,424.34

1,393.62

Earnings Per Equity Share (Face Value `5) (see note 27)

- Basic

66.75

65.36

- Diluted

66.73

65.31

See summary of significant accounting policies and accompanying notes which form an integral part of the standalone financial statements

As per our report attached of even date

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

For B S R & Co. LLP

Deepak S Parekh

Navneet Munot

Chartered Accountants

Chairman: Managing

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

ICAI Firm Registration No. 101248W/W-100022

(DIN: 00009078)

(DIN: 05247228)

Kapil Goenka

Naozad Sirwalla

Sylvia Furtado

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 118189

(ACS: 17976)

Mumbai, April 25, 2023

Standalone Statement of Changes in Equity

for the year ended March 31, 2023

Standalone Statement of Cash Flows

for the year ended March 31, 2023

` (in Crore)

Particulars

For the year ended

March 31, 2023

For the year ended

March 31, 2022

A. Cash Flow from Operating Activities

Profit Before Tax*

1,870.61

1,855.29

Add/(Less): Adjustments for

Depreciation, Amortisation and Impairment

53.34

53.85

Finance Costs

9.69

8.64

Share-based Payments to Employees

40.11

63.32

(Profit)/Loss on Sale of Investments (net)

(21.21)

(35.21)

Fair Value (Gain)/Loss on Investments

(260.07)

(244.91)

Net (Gain)/Loss on foreign currency transactions and translations

(0.01)

0.00

(Profit)/Loss on Derecognition of Property, Plant and Equipment and Other Intangible Assets (net)

(0.11)

(0.04)

Investment Income from Financial Instruments

(28.91)

(31.20)

Other Interest Income

(1.95)

(1.26)

Operating Profit before working capital changes

1,661.49

1,668.48

Adjustments for:

(Increase)/Decrease in Trade Receivables

(109.21)

5.37

(Increase)/Decrease in Other Receivables

(6.61)

(2.14)

(Increase)/Decrease in Other Financial Assets

(0.04)

(0.23)

(Increase)/Decrease in Other Non‑financial Assets

(12.47)

7.05

Increase/(Decrease) in Trade Payable

6.37

3.40

Increase/(Decrease) in Other Financial Liabilities

1.08

(10.12)

Increase/(Decrease) in Provisions

0.78

3.91

Increase/(Decrease) in Other Non‑financial Liabilities

18.14

(6.55)

Cash generated from/(used in) operations

1,559.53

1,669.17

Income Tax Paid

(410.21)

(415.44)

Net cash from/(used in) operating activities (A)

1,149.32

1,253.73

B.

Cash Flow from Investing Activities

Purchase of Property, Plant and Equipment and Other Intangible Assets

(14.10)

(10.23)

Proceeds from Sale of Property, Plant and Equipment and Other Intangible Assets

0.12

0.06

Purchase of Investments

(3,310.33)

(2,895.32)

Proceeds from Sale of Investments

3,073.54

2,350.18

Investment in Subsidiary Company

(3.00)

-

Dividend Received

0.23

0.19

Interest Received/(Paid)

35.37

47.11

Net cash from/(used in) investing activities (B)

(218.17)

(508.01)

HDFC ASSET MANAGEMENT COMPANY LIMITED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS STANDALONE

146

147

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

A NEW ERA OF WEALTH CREATION. FOR A NEW INDIA.:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

ICAI Firm Registration No. 101248W/W-100022

(DIN: 00009078)

(DIN: 05247228)

Kapil Goenka

Naozad Sirwalla

Sylvia Furtado

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 118189

(ACS: 17976)

Mumbai, April 25, 2023

Standalone Statement of Cash Flows

for the year ended March 31, 2023

1. Company overview

HDFC Asset Management Company Limited (‘the

Company’) is a Public Limited Company domiciled in India

and its registered office is situated at HDFC House, 2nd

Floor, H.T Parekh Marg, 165-166, Backbay Reclamation,

Churchgate, Mumbai – 400 020. The Company has

been incorporated under the Companies Act, 1956

on December 10, 1999 and was approved to act as the

Asset Management Company for HDFC Mutual Fund by

Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) vide its: letter

dated July 03, 2000. HDFC Trustee Company Limited

(‘the Trustee’) has appointed the Company to act as the

investment manager of HDFC Mutual Fund.

The Company is also registered under the SEBI (Portfolio

Managers) Regulations, 1993 and provides Portfolio

Management Services. Further, the Company acts

as an Investment Manager to HDFC AMC AIF-II, a

trust registered with SEBI as a Category II Alternative

Investment Fund under the SEBI (Alternative Investment

Funds) Regulations, 2012.

As at March 31, 2023, Housing Development Finance

Corporation Limited, the holding company owned 52.56%

of the Company’s equity share capital.

The equity shares of the Company have been listed on

National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited

since August 06, 2018.

2. Basis of preparation and recent accounting

developments

2.1 Basis of preparation

a)

Statement of compliance

These standalone financial statements have been

prepared and presented on going concern basis and

in accordance with the Indian Accounting Standards

(Ind AS) as per the Companies (Indian Accounting

Standards) Rules, 2015 notified under Section 133

of the Companies Act, 2013, (the ‘Act’) and other

relevant provisions of the Act, as amended from time

to time.

The standalone financial statements were approved

for issue by the Company’s Board of

Managing Director as one time payment and the same is being amortised

as per the terms of the contract. Out of the same, `4.15 Crore (Previous Year `4.15 Crore) forms part of Short‑term employee benefits above and the

balance unamortised amount of `3.66 Crore (Previous Year `7.81 Crore) as at March 31, 2023 is booked as prepaid under Other Non-Financial Assets.

* Commission is approved by the Board of Directors within the limit as approved by the shareholders of the Company and will be paid post adoption of

annual accounts by the shareholders.

(c) Details of dividend paid to Company’s KMPs

` (in Crore)

Particulars

For the year ended

March 31, 2023

For the year ended

March 31, 2022

Dividend on Equity Shares

2.08

1.69

(d) Details of dividend paid to relatives of Company’s KMPs, Holding Company’s KMPs and relatives of Holding

Company’s KMPs

` (in Crore)

Particulars

For the year ended

March 31, 2023

For the year ended

March 31, 2022

Dividend on Equity Shares

0.01

0.01

Note 27 Earnings Per Share

Basic earnings per share (EPS) is calculated by dividing the profit after tax for the year attributable to equity shareholders of company

by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year.

Diluted EPS is calculated by dividing the profit after tax for the year attributable to equity shareholders of the Company by the

weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year plus the weighted average number of equity shares that

would be issued on the conversion of all the dilutive potential ordinary shares into ordinary shares.

The relevant details as described above are as follows:

` (in Crore except equity share data)

Particulars

For the year ended

March 31, 2023

For the year ended

March 31, 2022

Profit after tax for the year

1,423.92

1,393.13

Weighted Average equity shares outstanding during the year

21,33,25,802

21,31,32,019

Following is the reconciliation between basic and diluted earnings per equity share:

`

Particulars

For the year ended

March 31, 2023

For the year ended

March 31, 2022

Nominal value per share

5.00

5.00

Basic earnings per share

66.75

65.36

Effect of potential equity shares for stock options (per share)

(0.02)

(0.05)

Diluted earnings per share

66.73

65.31

Particulars

For the year ended

March 31, 2023

For the year ended

March 31, 2022

Weighted average number of equity shares used in computing basic earnings per equity share

21,33,25,802

21,31,32,019

Effect of potential equity shares for stock options outstanding

39,341

1,54,673

Weighted average number of equity shares used in computing diluted earnings per equity share

21,33,65,143

21,32,86,692

Weighted average number of anti dilutive options not considered in computing diluted earnings per

equity share

6,49,167

2,80,446

Note 28 Leases

A.

The Company has entered into leasing arrangements for premises. Majority of the leases are cancellable by the Company. Right of

Use asset has been included under the line ‘Property, Plant and Equipment’ and Lease liability has been included under ‘Other Financial

Liabilities’ in the Standalone Balance Sheet.

(i)

Amounts recognised in the Standalone Balance sheet

` (in Crore)

Particulars

As at

March 31, 2023

As at

March 31, 2022

(a) Right of Use assets (net) (Property, Plant and Equipment)

117.71

98.16

(b) Lease liabilities

Current

34.80

24.19

Non-current

95.67

85.43

Total Lease liabilities

130.47

109.62

Particulars

For the year ended

March 31, 2023

For the year ended

March 31, 2022

(c) Additions to the Right of Use assets

60.42

25.18

(ii)

Amounts recognised in the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss

` (in Crore)

Particulars

For the year ended

March 31, 2023

For the year ended

March 31, 2022

(a) Depreciation charge for Right of Use assets

36.90

35.25

(b) Interest expense (included in finance cost)

9.69

8.64

(c) Expense relating to short-term leases

0.38

0.35

HDFC ASSET MANAGEMENT COMPANY LIMITED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS STANDALONE

186

187

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

A NEW ERA OF WEALTH CREATION. FOR A NEW INDIA.:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

ICAI Firm Registration No. 101248W/W-100022

(DIN: 00009078)

(DIN: 05247228)

Kapil Goenka

Naozad Sirwalla

Sylvia Furtado

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 118189

(ACS: 17976)

Mumbai, April 25, 2023

Statement containing salient features of the financial statement of subsidiary

in ` crore, except % of shareholding

Sr

no.

Particulars

1

Name of the subsidiary

HDFC AMC International

(IFSC) Limited

2

The date since when subsidiary was acquired

May 27, 2022

3

Reporting period for the subsidiary concerned, if different from the holding company's reporting

period.

May 27, 2022 to

March 31, 2023

4

Reporting currency and Exchange rate as on the last date of the relevant Financial year in the case

of foreign subsidiaries.

INR

5

Share capital

3.00

6

Reserves and surplus

(0.59)

7

Total assets

3.96

8

Total Liabilities

1.55

9

Investments

-

10

Turnover

-

11

Profit / (Loss) before taxation

(0.54)

12

Provision for taxation

-

13

Profit / (Loss) after taxation

(0.54)

14

Proposed Dividend

-

15

Extent of shareholding (%)

100%

1.

HDFC AMC International (IFSC) Limited is yet to commence the operations.

2.

Turnover consists of Revenue from operations

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Deepak S Parekh

Navneet Munot

Chairman: Managing

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

ICAI Firm Registration No. 101248W/W-100022

(DIN: 00009078)

(DIN: 05247228)

Kapil Goenka

Naozad Sirwalla

Sylvia Furtado

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 118189

(ACS: 17976)

Mumbai, April 25, 2023

Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss

for the year ended March 31, 2023

` (in Crore except per equity share data)

Particulars

Note No.

For the year ended

March 31, 2023

Revenue from Operations

Asset Management Services

19

2,166.81

Other Income

20

315.81

Total Income

2,482.62

Expenses

Finance Costs

28

9.69

Fees and Commission Expenses

3.68

Employee Benefits Expenses

21

312.67

Depreciation, Amortisation and Impairment

10

53.34

Other Expenses

22

233.18

Total Expenses

612.56

Profit Before Tax

1,870.06

Tax Expense

Current Tax

25

421.26

Deferred Tax Charge/(Credit)

25

25.43

Total Tax Expense

446.69

Profit After Tax

1,423.37

Other Comprehensive Income

A

(i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

‑ Remeasurement gain/(loss) of the defined benefit plans

0.56

(ii) Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

‑ Tax on Remeasurement of the defined benefit plans

(0.14)

Sub-total (A)

0.42

B

(i) Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss

‑ Exchange differences on translating the financial statements of a subsidiary

(0.04)

Sub-total (B)

(0.04)

Total Other Comprehensive Income (A+B)

0.38

Total Comprehensive Income

1,423.75

Profit Attributable to:

Owners of the Parent Company

1,423.37

Non-controlling interest

-

Other Comprehensive Income Attributable to:

Owners of the Parent Company

0.38

Non-controlling interest

-

Total Comprehensive Income Attributable to:

Owners of the Parent Company

1,423.75

Non-controlling interest

-

Earnings Per Equity Share (Face Value `5) (see note 27)

- Basic

66.72

- Diluted

66.71

See summary of significant accounting policies and accompanying notes which form an integral part of the consolidated financial statements

As per our report attached of even date

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

For B S R & Co. LLP

Deepak S. Parekh

Navneet Munot

Chartered Accountants

Chairman: Managing

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

ICAI Firm Registration No. 101248W/W-100022

(DIN: 00009078)

(DIN: 05247228)

Kapil Goenka

Naozad Sirwalla

Sylvia Furtado

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 118189

(ACS: 17976)

Mumbai, April 25, 2023

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

for the year ended March 31, 2023

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

for the year ended March 31, 2023

` (in Crore)

Particulars

For the year ended

March 31, 2023

A. Cash Flow from Operating Activities

Profit Before Tax*

1,870.06

Add/(Less): Adjustments for

Depreciation, Amortisation and Impairment

53.34

Finance Costs

9.69

Share-based Payments to Employees

40.11

(Profit)/Loss on Sale of Investments (net)

(21.21)

Fair Value (Gain)/Loss on Investments

(260.07)

Net (Gain)/Loss on foreign currency transactions and translations

(0.01)

(Profit)/Loss on Derecognition of Property, Plant and Equipment and Other Intangible Assets (net)

(0.11)

Investment Income from Financial Instruments

(28.91)

Other Interest Income

(1.98)

Operating Profit before working capital changes

1,660.91

Adjustments for:

(Increase)/Decrease in Trade Receivables

(109.21)

(Increase)/Decrease in Other Receivables

(5.26)

(Increase)/Decrease in Other Financial Assets

(0.98)

(Increase)/Decrease in Other Non‑financial Assets

(12.47)

Increase/(Decrease) in Trade Payable

6.45

Increase/(Decrease) in Other Financial Liabilities

1.19

Increase/(Decrease) in Provisions

0.78

Increase/(Decrease) in Other Non‑financial Liabilities

18.15

Cash generated from/(used in) operations

1,559.56

Income Tax Paid

(410.21)

Net cash from/(used in) operating activities (A)

1,149.35

B.

Cash Flow from Investing Activities

Purchase of Property, Plant and Equipment and Other Intangible Assets

(14.10)

Proceeds from Sale of Property, Plant and Equipment and Other Intangible Assets

0.12

Purchase of Investments

(3,310.33)

Proceeds from Sale of Investments

3,073.54

Dividend Received

0.23

Interest Received/(Paid)

35.37

Investments in Fixed Deposits

(1.64)

Net cash from/(used in) investing activities (B)

(216.81)

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONSOLIDATED

216

217

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

HDFC ASSET MANAGEMENT COMPANY LIMITED

A NEW ERA OF WEALTH CREATION. FOR A NEW INDIA.:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

ICAI Firm Registration No. 101248W/W-100022

(DIN: 00009078)

(DIN: 05247228)

Kapil Goenka

Naozad Sirwalla

Sylvia Furtado

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 118189

(ACS: 17976)

Mumbai, April 25, 2023

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

for the year ended March 31, 2023

1. Group overview

HDFC Asset Management Company Limited (‘the

Company’) is a Public Limited Company domiciled in India

and its registered office is situated at HDFC House, 2nd

Floor, H.T Parekh Marg, 165-166, Backbay Reclamation,

Churchgate, Mumbai – 400 020. The Company has

been incorporated under the Companies Act, 1956

on December 10, 1999 and was approved to act as the

Asset Management Company for HDFC Mutual Fund by

Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) vide its: letter

dated July 03, 2000. HDFC Trustee Company Limited

(‘the Trustee’) has appointed the Company to act as the

investment manager of HDFC Mutual Fund.

The Company is also registered under the SEBI

(Portfolio Managers) Regulations, 1993 and provides

Portfolio Management Services. Further, the Company

acts as an Investment Manager to HDFC AMC AIF-II, a

trust registered with SEBI as a Category II Alternative

Investment Fund under the SEBI (Alternative Investment

Funds) Regulations, 2012.

As at March 31, 2023, Housing Development Finance

Corporation Limited, the holding company owned 52.56%

of the Company’s equity share capital.

A Wholly-owned Subsidiary (‘WOS’) of the Company namely

‘HDFC AMC International (IFSC) Limited’, located in Gujarat

International Finance Tec-City (GIFT City), Gandhinagar,

India, had been incorporated effective May 27, 2022.

The Company, together with its subsidiary, is hereinafter

referred to as ‘the Group’.

The equity shares of the Company have been listed on

National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited

since August 06, 2018.

2. Basis of preparation and recent accounting

developments

2.1 Basis of preparation

a)

Statement of compliance

These

consolidated

financial

statements

have been prepared and presented on going

concern basis and in accordance with the

Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) as per

the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards)

Rules, 2015 notified under Section 133 of the

Companies Act, 2013, (the ‘Act’) and other

relevant provisions of the Act, as amended from

time to time.

The consolidated financial statements were

approved for issue by the Company’s Board of

Managing Director as one time payment and the same is being amortised

as per the terms of the contract. Out of the same, `4.15 Crore forms part of Short‑term employee benefits above and the balance unamortised

amount of `3.66 Crore as at March 31, 2023 is booked as prepaid under Other Non‑financial Assets.

* Commission is approved by the Board of Directors within the limit as approved by the shareholders of the Company and will be paid post adoption of

annual accounts by the shareholders.

(c)

Details of dividend paid to Company’s KMPs

` (in Crore)

Particulars

For the year ended

March 31, 2023

Dividend on Equity Shares

2.08

(d) Details of dividend paid to relatives of Company’s KMPs, Holding Company’s KMPs and relatives of Holding

Company’s KMPs

` (in Crore)

Particulars

For the year ended

March 31, 2023

Dividend on Equity Shares

0.01

Note 27 Earnings Per Share

Basic earnings per share (EPS) is calculated by dividing the profit after tax for the year attributable to equity shareholders of company

by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year.

Diluted EPS is calculated by dividing the profit after tax for the year attributable to equity shareholders of the Company by the

weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year plus the weighted average number of equity shares that

would be issued on the conversion of all the dilutive potential ordinary shares into ordinary shares.

The relevant details as described above are as follows:

` (in Crore except

equity share data)

Particulars

For the year ended

March 31, 2023

Profit after tax for the year

1,423.37

Weighted Average equity shares outstanding during the year

21,33,25,802

Following is the reconciliation between basic and diluted earnings per equity share:

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONSOLIDATED

254

255

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

HDFC ASSET MANAGEMENT COMPANY LIMITED

A NEW ERA OF WEALTH CREATION. FOR A NEW INDIA.:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer

ICAI Firm Registration No. 101248W/W-100022

(DIN: 00009078)

(DIN: 05247228)

Kapil Goenka

Naozad Sirwalla

Sylvia Furtado

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No. 118189

(ACS: 17976)

Mumbai, April 25, 2023

268

HDFC ASSET MANAGEMENT COMPANY LIMITED

A NEW ERA OF WEALTH CREATION. FOR A NEW INDIA.:

