letter dated June 10, 2023 wherein the Company had informed that

the 23rd AGM of the Company will be held on Friday, July 28, 2023, at 3.00 p.m. IST, through

Videoconference/Other Audio-Visual Means (VC/OAVM), in compliance with the applicable

provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, rules framed thereunder and the General Circular dated

December 28, 2022 issued by Ministry of Corporate Affairs and Circular dated January 5, 2023

issued by Securities and Exchange Board of India read with earlier Circular(s) issued in this

regard by the respective Authorities.

Pursuant to the requirement specified in Regulation 30, Regulation 34 and Regulation 53 of SEBI

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed

herewith:

•

The Notice of the 23rd AGM of the Company, and

•

The Annual Report including the Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report of the

Company for FY2023.

The said Notice of AGM, Annual Report and Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report

are being uploaded on the website of the Company at:

•

About us> Shareholder Information> Notices> AGMs> AGM Notice FY 2023, click here

•

About us> Investor Relations> Financial Information> Annual Reports> FY 2023, click here

•

About us> Shareholder Information> Other> Business Responsibility and Sustainability

Report (BRSR)> Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report FY 2023, click here

The key information pertaining to the 23rd AGM of the Company and the brief details of the

businesses to be transacted thereat, are enclosed as Annexure 1.

You are requested to take note of the same.

Thanking you,

Yours sincerely,

For ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited

Sonali Chandak

Company Secretary

ACS 18108

Encl.: As above

CC: Axis Trustee Services Limited

SONALI NITIN

CHANDAK

Digitally signed by SONALI NITIN CHANDAK

DN: c=IN, st=Maharashtra,

2.5.4.20=adeb78f6e93967a1a715210b47478ca979cb97bc

1f9cd4522abe279db46240da, postalCode=400101,

street=Mumbai,

pseudonym=3fd752088c1fd9a176a8a069c256b294,

serialNumber=9130c95220b4b56e3bfed4d800982e8f9758

1715ab811366faa253a4697d7814, o=Personal,

cn=SONALI NITIN CHANDAK

Date: 2023.07.03 11:41:57 +05'30':

Managing Director and CEO with effect from

April 1, 2023.

Ordinary

8.

Revision in the quantum of profit related commission

payable to the Chairperson designated in the category of

Non-Executive, Independent Director of the Company.

Ordinary

9.

Approval of related party transactions pertaining to the

purchase and/or sale of securities issued by related/non-

related entities in primary/secondary market.

Ordinary

10.

Approval of related party transactions with ICICI Bank

Limited.

Ordinary

11.

Re-appointment of Ms. Vibha Paul Rishi (DIN: 05180796) as

an Independent Director for a second term of five

consecutive years.

Special

12.

Alteration of the Articles of Association of the Company.

Special

13.

Approval of the ‘ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company

Limited Employees Stock Unit Scheme - 2023’.

Special

14.

Approval for grant of employee stock units to the employees

of unlisted wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company under

‘ICICI

Prudential

Life

Insurance

Company

Limited

Employees Stock Unit Scheme – 2023.

Special:

Managing Director and

Chief Executive Officer of the Company, with effect

from June 19, 2023 for a period of five consecutive

years and he shall not be liable to retire by rotation.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in accordance with

the approval received from IRDAI, Mr. Anup Bagchi

(DIN: 00105962) be remunerated as follows with

effect from May 1, 2023:

a. Basic salary: ` 29,955,000/- per annum;

b. Allowances: ` 21,279,276 /- per annum, including

but not limited to supplementary allowance, meal

allowance, gift allowance and other allowances;

c. Perquisites and non-cash benefits (evaluated

as per Income-tax Rules, wherever applicable

and at actual cost to the Company in other

cases): Perquisites and non-cash benefits which

are considered as part of Fixed Pay: group

term life insurance, group personal accident

insurance, group mediclaim, domiciliary medical

reimbursement, corporate car, corporate club

membership, interest subsidy on housing loan,

furnishings, utilities (such as gas and electricity),

scholarship for children’s education, financial

support to cover expenses for children with special

needs and other such non-cash perquisites and

benefits, as applicable from time to time, and as

may be determined by the Board of Directors or the

Board Nomination and Remuneration Committee

in accordance with the Compensation and

Benefits Policy of the Company. Other perquisites

and non-cash benefits not considered as part

of Fixed Pay include: business club membership,

executive health checkup, drivers, fuel for car,

motor insurance and maintenance of car, company

assets and enablement for home office, mobile

reimbursement, privilege leave encashment and

other such perquisites and non-cash benefits,

including employee stock options under the

Revised Scheme (Employee Stock Option Scheme

2005 as last amended and approved by Members

on June 25, 2021) of the Company and the ICICI

Bank Employee Stock Option Scheme – 2000, if

any, as applicable from time to time, and as may

be determined by the Board of Directors or the

Board Nomination and Remuneration Committee

of the respective Companies in accordance with

the Compensation and Benefits Policy of the

respective Companies, subject to the approval of

IRDAI;

d. Retirals: ` 10,583,100/- per annum (includes

Provident Fund and Gratuity and Superannuation

with an option to cash out);

e. Subject to the approval of IRDAI, Performance

Bonus would be maximum of 70% of the Fixed

Pay, as defined in the Compensation and Benefits

Policy as approved by the Board (which includes

basic pay, allowances, non-cash benefits and

perquisites, contribution towards superannuation/

retirals and any other form of non-cash benefits

and perquisites including reimbursable benefits

and perquisites with monetary ceilings) and as

may be determined by the Board of Directors/the

Board Nomination and Remuneration Committee

in accordance with the Compensation and Benefits

Policy of the Company. As per the Compensation

and Benefits Policy, a minimum of 50% of the

bonus will be under deferment over three years. If

the bonus amount is under ` 25 lacs, the deferment

shall not be applicable.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors

(including Board Nomination and Remuneration

Committee thereof) and/or the Company Secretary of

the Company, be and is / are hereby authorised to do

all such acts, deeds, matters and things, as they may

consider necessary, expedient or desirable for giving

effect to the foregoing resolution.

7. To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without

modification(s), the following resolution as an

Ordinary Resolution for approval of the remuneration

of Mr. N. S. Kannan,: Managing

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, be and

is hereby approved, as under with effect from April 1,

2023:

a. Basic salary: ` 28,593,480/- per annum;

b. Allowances: ` 20,312,028 /- per annum, including

but not limited to supplementary allowance, meal

allowance, gift allowance and other allowances;

c. Perquisites and non-cash benefits (evaluated

as per Income-tax Rules, wherever applicable

and at actual cost to the Company in other

cases): Perquisites and non-cash benefits which

are considered as part of Fixed Pay: group

term life insurance, group personal accident

insurance, group mediclaim, domiciliary medical

reimbursement, corporate car, corporate club

membership, interest subsidy on housing loan,

furnishings, utilities (such as gas and electricity),

scholarship for children’s education, financial

support to cover expenses for children with special

needs and other such non-cash perquisites and

benefits, as applicable from time to time, and as

may be determined by the Board of Directors or the

Board Nomination and Remuneration Committee

in accordance with the Compensation and

Benefits Policy of the Company. Other perquisites

and non-cash benefits not considered as part

of Fixed Pay include: business club membership,

executive health checkup, drivers, fuel for car,

motor insurance and maintenance of car, company

assets and enablement for home office, mobile

reimbursement, privilege leave encashment and

other such perquisites and non-cash benefits,

including employee stock options under the

Revised Scheme (Employee Stock Option Scheme

2005 as last amended and approved by Members

on June 25, 2021) of the Company and the ICICI

Bank Employee Stock Option Scheme – 2000, if

any, as applicable from time to time, and as may

be determined by the Board of Directors or the

Board Nomination and Remuneration Committee

of the respective Companies in accordance with

the Compensation and Benefits Policy of the

respective Companies;

d. Retirals: ` 10,102,080/- per annum (includes

Provident Fund and Gratuity and Superannuation

with an option to cash out);

e. Performance Bonus would be maximum of 70%

of the Fixed Pay, as defined in the Compensation

and Benefits Policy as approved by the Board

(which includes basic pay, allowances, non-cash

benefits and perquisites, contribution towards

superannuation/retirals and any other form of

non-cash benefits and perquisites including

reimbursable

benefits

and

perquisites

with

monetary ceilings) and as may be determined by

the Board of Directors / the Board Nomination

and Remuneration Committee in accordance

with the Compensation and Benefits Policy of the

Company. As per the Compensation and Benefits

Policy, a minimum of 50% of the bonus will be

under deferment over three years. If the bonus

amount is under ` 25 lacs, the deferment shall not

be applicable.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors

of the Company (including the Board Nomination

and Remuneration Committee), be and are hereby

authorised from time to time, to settle all questions

that may arise in connection with or incidental to give

effect to the above resolution, including revising the

aforementioned remuneration, including perquisites,

stock options, and/or other benefits, as may be

required and approved by IRDAI.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the other terms of

employment of Mr. N. S. Kannan to the extent not

amended or modified herein shall remain unchanged

and further the Board of Directors (including the

Board Nomination and Remuneration Committee)

and/or the Company Secretary of the Company,

be and is/are hereby authorised to do all such acts,

deeds, matters and things, as they may consider

necessary, expedient or desirable for giving effect to

this resolution.

8. To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without

modification(s), the following resolution as an Ordinary

Resolution for revision in the quantum of profit related

commission payable to the Chairperson designated in

the category of Non-Executive, Independent Director

of the Company:

RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of

Sections 197 and 198 and other applicable provisions,

if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rules made

thereof, Guidelines on remuneration of Non-Executive

Directors and: Managing

Managing Director, appointed

as per Article 159 (b) or the Debenture Director

nominated as per Article 145 (b) hereto shall

not retire by rotation under this Article.

(b) Re-numbering following Article no. 145 with

respect to ‘Appointment of Directors other than

Nominee Director’ as Article no. 145(a)

Subject to the approvals of the Members

in General Meeting, any Director shall be

appointed by the Board of Directors after

taking into account the recommendations

of the Company’s board nomination and

remuneration committee.

(c) Insertion of following Article no. 145 (b) with

respect to ‘Appointment of Debenture Director’

Subject to applicable laws (including any

approval of a government authority), all the

debenture trustee(s) of the Company will be

entitled to appoint 1 (one) nominee director

on the Board of Directors of the Company (a

‘Debenture Director’) in accordance with the

Companies Act, 2013, SEBI (Debenture Trustees)

Regulations, 1993 and other applicable laws,

terms and conditions of debenture trust deed,

as amended and other documents relating to

the issue of debentures and in accordance with

the timeline under applicable law in the event of:

(a) two consecutive defaults in payment of

interest to the debenture holders, or

(b) default in redemption of the debentures.

The debenture trustee(s), through mutual

consent (as applicable), shall be entitled to

remove from office any Debenture Director

so appointed and to appoint another in his/

her place or in case a Debenture Director so

appointed, resigns or otherwise vacates his

office, subject to applicable regulations.

The Debenture Director shall not be liable

to retire by rotation nor required to hold any

qualification

shares.

The

Company

shall

subject to applicable laws (including any

approval of an authority), appoint the Nominee

Director on receiving a nomination notice from

the Debenture Trustee and take such other

action with regard to such appointment of the

Nominee Director as mandated from time to

time under applicable law.

Subject to applicable laws, the Debenture

Director shall not be liable for any act or

omission of the Company.

Fees, if any, payable to the Debenture Director,

shall be decided by the Board of Directors,

from time to time, within the limits as may

prescribed by the Companies Act, 2013 and

other applicable regulations.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors

and/or the Company Secretary of the Company, be

and is / are hereby authorised to do all such acts,

deeds, matters and things, as they may consider

necessary, expedient or desirable for giving effect to

the foregoing resolution.

13. To consider, and if thought fit, to pass with or without

modification(s), the following resolution as a Special

Resolution for the approval of the ‘ICICI Prudential

Life Insurance Company Limited Employees Stock

Unit Scheme - 2023’:

RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of

Section 62(1)(b) and other applicable provisions,

if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 read with rules

made thereunder, the relevant provisions of the

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share

Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity)

Regulations, 2021 and any circulars/notifications/

guidance/frequently

asked

questions

issued

thereunder as amended (collectively referred to:

Managing Director and

CEO and other wholetime Directors (collectively,

‘Eligible Employees’) in accordance with the SEBI

SBEB & SE Regulations.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT up to 1,45,00,000

(One Crore Forty Five Lacs) Units shall be granted,

in one or more tranches as may be determined by

the Board over a period of 6 (six) years, which shall

entitle the Unit holder one fully paid-up equity share

of face value of ` 10 of the Company against each

Unit exercised and accordingly, up to 1,45,00,000

(One Crore Forty Five Lacs) equity shares of face

value of ` 10 each shall be allotted to the Eligible

Employees under the Scheme.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in case of any corporate

action(s) such as rights issue, bonus issue, split/

consolidation of shares, change in capital structure,

merger/demerger, the outstanding Units granted/

to be granted under the Scheme shall be suitably

adjusted for such number of Units/equity shares and/

or the exercise price, as may be required and that

the Board be and is hereby authorized to do all such

acts, deeds, matters and things as it may deem fit in

its absolute discretion and as permitted under the

SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations and such other laws

as may be applicable, so as to ensure passing of fair

and equitable benefits under the Scheme.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the equity shares to

be issued as stated aforesaid shall rank pari passu

with the existing equity shares of the Company

for all purposes.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the equity shares

shall be allotted in accordance with the Scheme in

a manner permissible under the SEBI SBEB & SE

Regulations and other applicable laws.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is

hereby authorized to take necessary steps for listing

of the equity shares allotted, if any, in accordance

with the Scheme on the Stock Exchanges where

the securities of the Company are listed as per the

provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the SEBI

SBEB & SE Regulations and other applicable laws

and regulations.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT without prejudice to

the generality of the above, but subject to the terms,

as approved by the Members, the Board be and is

hereby authorized to implement, formulate, evolve,

decide upon and bring into effect the Scheme on

such terms and conditions as contained in the

Explanatory Statement to this item in the Notice

and to make any further modification(s), change(s),

variation(s), alteration(s) or revision(s) in the terms

and conditions of the Scheme, from time to time, to

meet regulatory requirements.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of

bringing into effect and implementing the Scheme

and generally for giving effect to the above

resolution, the Board be and is hereby authorized,

on behalf of the Company to do all such acts, deeds,

matters and things, including but not limited to

framing rules relating to taxation matters arising out

of grant/exercise of Units and execute all such deeds,

documents, instruments and writings as it may in its

absolute discretion deem necessary or desirable and

to give such directions and/or instructions as may be

necessary, proper or expedient to give effect to any

modification, alteration, amendment, suspension,

withdrawal or termination of the Scheme (wherever

required subject to the prior approval of the

Members by way of a Special Resolution) and to

take all such steps and do all acts, deeds and things:

Letter, etc. together with

attested specimen signature(s) of the duly authorised

representative(s), to the Scrutiniser by email to

alwyn.co@gmail.com with a copy marked to

evoting@nsdl.co.in.

Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals,

HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board Resolution

/ Power of Attorney / Authority: Letter etc. by clicking

on "Upload Board Resolution / Authority Letter"

displayed under "e-Voting" tab in their login.

5.

Members can login and join the AGM thirty (30)

minutes prior to the scheduled time to start the AGM

and the window for joining shall be kept open till the

expiry of thirty (30) minutes after the scheduled time

to start the AGM, on first-come-first-serve basis.

Instructions and other information for Members for

attending the AGM through VC/OAVM are given

in this Notice.

6.

The attendance of the Members attending the AGM

through VC/OAVM will be counted for the purpose

of reckoning the quorum under Section 103 of the

Companies Act, 2013.

7.

Details as required under Regulation 36(3) of the

Listing Regulations and Secretarial Standard on

General Meeting (SS-2) issued by The Institute

of Company Secretaries of India, in respect of

the

letter mentioning your name, folio number and

complete address (including email); ii) the share

certificate (front and back) and iii) the PAN

Card and any one document (such as Aadhaar

Card, Driving License, Bank Statement, Election

Card, Passport, etc.) in support of the address

of the member as registered with the Company;

to the email address of the Company i.e.

csiciprulife@iciciprulife.com.

b.

In case shares are held in demat mode,

members may obtain the login ID and password

by sending scanned copy of: i) a signed request: letter

mentioning

your

name,

DPID-CLID

(16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary

ID); ii) client master or copy of Consolidated

Account statement and iii) the PAN Card or

Aadhaar Card to the email address of the

Company i.e. csiciprulife@iciciprulife.com. If the

Member is an individual shareholder holding

securities in demat mode, he/she should refer

to the login method explained at Step 1 (A) i.e.

Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual

meeting for Individual shareholders holding

securities in demat mode.

c.

Alternatively member may send an e-mail

request to evoting@nsdl.co.in for obtaining

User ID and Password by proving the details

mentioned in Point a. or b., as the case may be.

d.

As per SEBI Circular dated December 9, 2020,

individual shareholders holding securities in

demat mode are allowed to vote through their

demat account maintained with Depositories

and Depository Participants. Shareholders are

required to update their mobile number and

email ID correctly in their demat account in

order to access e-Voting facility.

29. Instructions for members for attending the AGM

through VC/OAVM are as under:

a.

Members will be able to attend the AGM

through VC / OAVM or view the live

webcast of AGM provided by NSDL at

https://www.evoting.nsdl.com.

b.

Members may access by following the steps

mentioned above for Access to NSDL e-Voting

system. After successful login, you can see link

of “VC/OAVM link” placed under “Join meeting”

menu against company name. Members are

requested to click on VC/OAVM link placed

under “Join meeting” menu. The link for VC/

OAVM will be available in Shareholder/Member/

Creditor login where the EVEN of Company will

be displayed. Please note that the Members

who do not have the User ID and Password

for e-Voting or have forgotten the User ID and

Password may retrieve the same by following

the remote e-Voting instructions mentioned in

the notice to avoid last minute rush.

c.

Members are encouraged to join the Meeting

through laptops for better experience.

d.

Please note that Participants connecting from

mobile devices or tablets or through laptop

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer with

effect from June 19, 2023, subject to the approval of

IRDAI and Members of the Company at the ensuing AGM.

The Company has duly received the approval of IRDAI.

Mr. Anup Bagchi has been a non-executive Director of

the Company since October 2018. Prior to this, he was

the Executive Director of ICICI Bank and has been with

the ICICI Group for over 30 years. His responsibilities

included Wholesale Banking, Transaction Banking,

Markets Group and Proprietary Trading Group. He has

worked extensively in the areas of retail banking, treasury,

investment banking, small scale industry, payment and

settlement systems.

Necessary disclosures pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of

SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements):

Managing Director

and CEO

555,400

The vesting schedule of stock options referred above

is three years, in the proportion of 30:30:40 for year 1,

year 2 and year 3 respectively, starting one year from the

date of grant, and the exercise period being five years

from the date of vesting. The exercise price of the stock

options is ` 445.60.

The Company, in addition to being governed by the

Act and the Insurance Act 1938, is also subject to the

regulatory requirements prescribed by IRDAI, whereby

any benefit conferred, monetary or non-monetary,

would be subject to approval of IRDAI in addition to the

approval of the Members of the Company. The Company,

accordingly, shall seek the approval of IRDAI for the

remuneration approved by the Board of Directors.

The Board, based on the recommendation of the

Board Nomination and Remuneration Committee, has

approved the Fixed Pay, including non-cash benefits

and perquisites along with their monetary ceilings and

retirals, target performance bonus and options granted.

The Company’s approach to compensation is intended to

drive meritocracy within the framework of prudent risk

management, in accordance with the IRDAI Guidelines

on Remuneration of Non-executive Directors and: Managing Director/ Chief Executive Officer/ Whole-time

Directors of Insurers.

The approval of Members is requested for the

remuneration payable to Mr. N. S. Kannan, subject to the

approval of IRDAI.

Pursuant to the Secretarial Standard 2, issued by the

Institute of Company Secretaries of India, please find the

details appended in Annexure I.

Except Mr. N. S. Kannan and his relatives, none of the

Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company

and their relatives are concerned or interested financially

or otherwise, in the resolution set out at Item No.7.

Your Directors recommend the ordinary resolution at Item

No. 7 for your approval.

Item No.8

The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority

of India (Authority)’s Guidelines on Remuneration of

non-executive Directors and Managing Director/ Chief

Executive Officer/ Whole-time Directors of Insurers

issued vide reference no. IRDA/F&A/GDL/LSTD/155/

08/2016 dated August 5, 2016 permits the Company to

pay remuneration in the form of profit related commission

of not more than ` 1 million per annum to each non-

executive Directors (NEDs) excluding the

Managing Director

and CEO, Other Whole-time Directors, non-executive

Directors, Key Management Person (KMP), Senior

Management Personnel (SMP) and other employees

(Compensation

Policy)

and

any

other

regulatory

provisions as may be applicable to the Company and

is in addition to the administrative support extended to

Mr. M. S. Ramachandran in accordance with the approval

of the shareholders, in October 2020.

The details required under the provisions of the Secretarial

Standard on General Meetings (SS-2) is provided in

Annexure I to this Notice.

Except Mr. M. S. Ramachandran and his relatives,

none of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel

of the Company and their relatives are concerned or

interested financially or otherwise, in the resolution set

out at Item No.8.

Your Directors recommend the ordinary resolution at Item

No. 8 for your approval.

Item No. 9

As per Section 188 of the Act, related party transactions

such as sale/purchase of goods or services, disposal or

lease of property of any kind, appointment of any agent

for purchase or sale of any goods, materials, services

or property, appointment to an office of profit and

underwriting the subscription of securities/derivatives of

the Company, shall require prior approval of Members,

if transactions exceeded such sums, as prescribed.

Further, such transactions were exempt from the prior

approval of Members, if they were in ordinary course of

business and at arms’ length.

However, as per SEBI Listing Regulations, any type of

transaction with a Related Party, if material, required

prior approval of Members, even if such transactions

were in ordinary course of business and at arms’

length. Further, a transaction with a related party

shall be considered material, if the transaction(s) to be

entered into individually or taken together with previous

transactions during a financial year, exceeds ` 10 billion

or 10% of the annual consolidated turnover of the listed

entity as per the last audited financial statements of the

listed entity, whichever is lower.

The Company now proposes to enter into transactions

with related parties as provided in resolution at Item No.

9 during FY2025, at the agreed terms of the transactions

between the parties. The Audit Committee and the

Board of Directors have approved the said related party

transactions at the meeting(s) held on April 20, 2023 and

have noted that although these transactions are in the

ordinary course of business and are at arm’s length, they

may qualify as material related party transactions under

the SEBI Listing Regulations. Accordingly, the Members’

approval is sought for the same.

Information required under Regulation 23(4) of SEBI

Listing Regulations read with SEBI Circular dated

November 22, 2021 is provided herewith:

I.

Name of the Related Party and Nature of

Relationship:

(a) ICICI Bank Limited : Holding Company (Promoter)

(b) ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company

Limited : Associate of Holding Company

(Promoter Group)

(c) ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited :

Fellow subsidiary (Promoter Group):

Managing Director and Chief

Executive Officer; (II) other whole-time Directors;

(III) an employee who is a Promoter or belongs

to the Promoter Group, (IV) an independent

director, and (V) a director who either by himself

or through his relatives or through anybody

corporate, directly or indirectly holds more than

10% (ten percent) of the outstanding equity

shares of the Company;

b)

eligible employees of the Company’s unlisted

wholly owned subsidiaries, who are exclusively

working in India or outside India, which

are aligned as a key delivery engine of the

Company’s core operating franchise and in

essence complement the business delivery

of the Company, but excluding (I) equivalent

levels to whole-time Directors of the Company;

(II) an independent director, and (III) a director

who either by himself or through his relatives

or through anybody corporate, directly or

indirectly holds more than 10% (ten percent) of

the outstanding equity shares of the Company.

While making such selection of Eligible Employees,

the Board Nomination and Remuneration Committee

(the Committee) may consider factors such as:

•

Length of service;

•

Grade;

•

Performance;

•

Conduct;

•

Present contribution;

•

Potential contribution of the Eligible Employee; or

•

Such other factors as the Committee may

decide relevant.

Besides continuity of employment, Vesting shall

also be dependent on achievement of any corporate

performance parameter(s) as the Committee may

determine, including but not limited to:

•

Embedded Value Operating Profit; and/or

•

Value of New Business; and/or

•

Other

parameter(s),

if

any,

as

the

Committee may determine.

The Eligible Employees may exercise the vested Units

within the pre-defined exercise period. Each Unit is

convertible into one equity share of the Company

upon vesting and exercise.

The Committee shall administer the Scheme.

All questions of interpretation of the Scheme

shall be determined by the Committee and such

determination shall be final and binding upon all

persons having an interest in the Scheme.

(B) Total number of units to be offered/granted

It is proposed to grant/offer/issue up to 1,45,00,000

(One Crore Forty Five Lacs) Units, in one or more

tranches as may be determined by the Board over

a period of 6 (six) years from the date of approval

of the Scheme by the shareholders, which shall

entitle the Unit holder one fully paid-up equity share

of face value of ` 10 of the Company against each

Unit exercised and accordingly, up to 1,45,00,000

(One Crore Forty Five Lacs) equity shares of face

value of ` 10 each fully paid-up (approximately 1%

of the equity share capital as on March 31, 2023)

shall be allotted to the Eligible Employees under the

Scheme upon exercise.

(C) Identification of classes of employees entitled to

participate in the Scheme

(a) All employees of the Company who are

exclusively working in India or outside India,

excluding its (I): Managing

Managing Director

and Chief Executive Officer or whole-time Director

but prior to Vesting or Exercise, the Vesting and

Exercise as per the terms of Grant shall continue

even after such re- designation.

No Unit or any part thereof shall vest:

a.

if the Eligible Employee does not fulfill Vesting

Criteria as stipulated which shall also include

suitable measures/ indicators of performance

as determined by the Committee; or

b.

if the Eligible Employee’s employment is

terminated by the Company/Holding Company

and/or its subsidiaries/Associate/Subsidiary, as

may be applicable, for Cause; or

c.

if the Eligible Employee voluntarily terminates

employment

with

the

Company/Holding

Company and/or its subsidiaries /Associate/

Subsidiary, as may be applicable and the Units

to the extent not vested shall lapse/expire and

be forfeited forthwith.

(E) Maximum period within which the units shall be

vested

Units granted under the Scheme shall vest not later

than the maximum vesting period of 4 (four) years.

(F) Exercise Price or Pricing Formula

Exercise price shall be the face value of equity shares

of the Company i.e. ` 10 for each unit.

(G) Exercise Period and Process of Exercise:

From the date of vesting of the Units, the Eligible

Employees shall be entitled to exercise the Units from

time to time within such period as may be prescribed

by the Committee for every grant, which period shall

not exceed a period of 5 (five) years from the date

of the respective vesting of the Units or such shorter

period as may be determined by the Committee.

The Units would be exercisable by the said

Employees by submitting the requisite application

form and payment of the exercise price amount and

the amount equivalent to the value of the perquisite

tax and such taxes, as may be applicable after which

the shares would be allotted.

In the event the Eligible Employee ceases to be in

employment due to resignation or the employment

is terminated without cause by the Company

(other than on account of death, retirement, or

permanent disability) the vested Units, to the extent

then unexercised, can be exercised by the Eligible

Employee by payment of the exercise price and

applicable taxes in full within a period of 3 (three)

months from the date of termination without cause

or Exercise Period, whichever is earlier.

If the Eligible Employee’s employment is terminated

by the Company for cause, the said Employee’s

vested Units, to the extent then unexercised, shall

thereupon cease to be exercisable and shall lapse

and stand terminated and expired forthwith.

If the Eligible Employee’s employment is terminated

due to death, retirement (including pursuant to any

early /voluntary retirement scheme) or permanent

disability, the vested units shall be exercised by

the payment of exercise price and applicable taxes:

Managing Director

and Chief Executive Officer or whole-time Director

but prior to Vesting or Exercise, the Vesting and

Exercise as per the terms of Grant shall continue

even after such re-designation.

The Committee may at its discretion, do all such acts,

deeds, matters and things as may be necessary/

desirable to facilitate exercise of Units by the

Eligible Employees.

(H) The appraisal process for determining the

eligibility of employees

In determining eligibility criteria for grant of Units

as well as in determining the number of Units to

be granted to an Eligible Employee, the Committee

may consider factors such as length of service,

grade, performance, conduct, present contribution,

potential contribution of the Eligible Employee or such

other factors as the Committee may decide relevant.

(I)

Maximum number of units to be offered/issued per

employee and in aggregate

Maximum of 1,45,00,000 (One Crore Forty Five Lacs)

Units shall be granted, in one or more tranches as

may be determined by the Board over a period of 6

(six) years from the date of approval of the Scheme

by the shareholders, which shall entitle the Unit

holder one fully paid-up equity share of face value

of ` 10 of the Company against each Unit exercised

and accordingly, up to 1,45,00,000 (One Crore Forty

Five Lacs) equity shares of face value of ` 10 each

shall be allotted to the Eligible Employees taken

together under the Scheme 2022.

The maximum number of Units granted to any

Eligible Employee shall not exceed 60,000 (sixty

thousand) Units in any financial year.

(J) Maximum quantum of benefits to be provided per

employee

The maximum quantum of benefits to the Employees

under the Scheme will depend upon the market price

of the equity shares of the Company considered

for the purpose of grant of Units within the overall

maximum cap of 60,000 (sixty thousand) Units per

employee in any financial year.

(K) Whether the stock unit scheme is to be implemented

and administered directly by the Company or

through a Trust

The Scheme shall be implemented and administered

directly by the Company.

(L) Whether the stock unit scheme involves new issue

of shares by the Company or secondary acquisition

by the Trust or both:

The

Scheme

involves

new

issuance

of

not

exceeding 1,45,00,000 (One Crore Forty Five Lacs)

Units entitling the Unit holders to subscribe to an

aggregate of not exceeding 1,45,00,000 (One Crore

Forty Five Lacs) fully paid-up equity shares of the

Company of the face value of ` 10 each.

(M) The

amount

of

loan

to

be

provided

for

implementation of the stock unit scheme by

the Company to the trust, its tenure, utilization,

repayment terms, etc.

Not applicable

(N) Maximum percentage of secondary acquisition

(subject to limits specified under the SEBI SBEB &

SE Regulations) that can be made by the trust for

the purposes of the stock unit scheme

Not applicable

(O) A statement to the effect that the Company shall

conform to the accounting policies specified in

Regulation 15

The Company shall comply with the applicable

disclosure requirements and accounting policies

prescribed by SEBI, specifically under the SEBI

SBEB & SE Regulations and any other concerned

regulatory authority.

(P) Method to value units granted under the Scheme

The Company shall adopt ‘intrinsic value method’ for

valuation of Units.

(Q) Declaration as to disclosure

In case the Company opts for expensing of share-

based employee benefits using the intrinsic value,

the difference between the employee compensation

cost so computed and the employee compensation

cost that shall have been recognized if it had used

the fair value of the Units and the impact of this

difference on profits and on Earning Per Share

(EPS) of the Company shall also be disclosed in the

Directors’ Report.

(R) Period of lock-in

The equity shares arising out of exercise of vested

Units shall not be subject to any lock-in period

from the date of allotment of such Shares under:

Managing Director & CEO of ICICI Securities, the organization had

won the prestigious Outlook Money - India’s Best e-Brokerage House for seven consecutive

years. He was responsible for the development and growth of the retail broking, retail

financial product distribution and wealth management businesses.

Mr. Bagchi has represented ICICI Group in various regulatory committees of key bodies such

as RBI and SEBI. He was a member of RBI’s Expert Committee on ‘Micro, Small and Medium

Enterprises’ and of SEBI’s Committee on ‘Financial and Regulatory Technologies’ (CFRT).

He was in the Executive Committee of National Securities Depository Ltd (NSDL), Advisory

Committee of BSE Ltd and was co-Chairman of FICCI’s Capital Markets Committee. He was

also the member of SEBI’s Secondary Markets Advisory Committee (SMAC), Fair Market

Conduct Committee and Committee on Financial and Regulatory Technologies and Risk

Management Review Committee.

Date of first appointment on the

Board

October 8, 2018

Terms

and

conditions

of

appointment or re-appointment

Please refer to the Resolution and Explanatory Statement for Item No.6

Remuneration last drawn (during

the year) (per annum)

NIL

Shareholding in the Company

as on the date of this notice

(in

case

of

Non-Executive

Directors, shareholding includes

shareholding

as

a

beneficial

owner, if any)

8500 shares

Relationship with other Directors,

Manager and other Key Managerial

Personnel of the Company

NIL

No. of Board Meetings attended/

held during the year ended March

31, 2023

7/7

Other

Directorship

(Includes

directorship in public, private and

foreign companies and insurance

corporations)

Comm Trade Services Limited

Listed Companies from which the

Director has resigned in the past

three

years

(FY2020,

FY2021,

FY2022)

• ICICI Securities Limited

• ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited

Chairmanship/ Membership of the

Committees of other Companies in

which position of Director is held

NIL

*Data as of June 9, 2023:

Managing Director & CEO of the Company since June 19, 2018. He has

worked with the ICICI Group for over 32 years, having worked in various leadership/executive

roles within the Group. He served on the Board of ICICI Bank as Executive Director between

May 2009 and June 18, 2018. Prior to joining the Board of ICICI Bank, he was the Executive

Director of the Company from August 2005 to April 2009.

Mr. Kannan also has extensive experience serving on the Boards of other group companies.

He served as the Chairman on the Boards of ICICI Securities Primary Dealership, ICICI Bank

UK Plc, and as a Non-Executive Director on the Boards of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance

Company, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company, ICICI Prudential Asset Management

Company and ICICI Bank Canada.

During his tenure as the Executive Director at ICICI Bank, his responsibilities included Finance,

Treasury, Legal, Operations, Secretarial, Corporate Communications, Corporate Branding,

Infrastructure Management, Strategic Solutions Group and ICICI Foundation for Inclusive

Growth. Mr. Kannan also owns the administrative responsibility for Risk Management,

Compliance and Internal Audit functions. Besides, during his tenure at ICICI Bank, he has also

handled Project Finance, Infrastructure Finance and Structured Finance.

Mr. Kannan has also served on various expert committees constituted by the Government

of India, regulators and industry associations. He has served on the Insurance Advisory

Committee constituted by the Insurance Regulatory Development Authority of India, Reserve

Bank of India’s (RBI) Steering Committee on Implementation of Indian Accounting Standards,

IBA Sectoral Committee of Private Sector Member Banks, The Companies Law Committee

Working Group on Raising of Funds, CII National Council on Corporate Governance and the

Insurance Awareness Committee of the Life Insurance Council. He also served as a member

of RBI’s Advisory Committee to resolve the first financial services company under the Indian

Bankruptcy Code.

Over the years, Mr. Kannan has won multiple awards including the Best CFO in India by

Finance Asia in 2013 and the Best CFO in the Indian Banking/Financial Services sector by

CNBC TV18 for two consecutive years. Besides, he was also ranked second in a buy-side

analysts’ poll of CFOs by institutional investors. Under his leadership, the ICICI Bank investor

relations team was ranked third in Asia in a sell-side analysts’ poll by institutional investors.

ICICI Bank’s investor relations team was ranked the best among Indian companies by Finance

Asia.

Date of first appointment on the

Board

July 30, 2005

Terms

and

conditions

of

appointment

or

re-appointment

Please refer to the Resolution and Explanatory Statement for Item No. 7 relating to revision

in remuneration.

Remuneration last drawn (during

the year) (per annum)

Basic: ` 27, 231, 840 per annum, Allowances: ` 19,344,792/- per annum, Retirals: ` 9,621,000/-

per annum, Performance Bonus would be maximum of 70% of the Fixed Pay, as defined in

the Compensation and Benefits Policy as approved by the Board (which includes basic pay,

allowances, non-cash benefits and perquisites, contribution towards superannuation/retirals

and any other form of non-cash benefits & perquisites including reimbursable benefits &

perquisites with monetary ceilings) and as may be determined by the Board of Directors/the

Board Nomination and Remuneration Committee in accordance with the Compensation and

Benefits Policy of the Company. As per Compensation and Benefits Policy, a minimum of 50%

of the bonus will be under deferment over three years. If the bonus amount is under ` 25 lacs,

the deferment shall not be applicable.

Shareholding in the Company

as on the date of this notice

(in

case

of

Non-Executive

Directors, shareholding includes

shareholding

as

a

beneficial

owner, if any)

2,00,000 shares:

Message from the Chairman

12

Message from the: Managing

Message from the Chairman

STRATEGIC REVIEW: DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,

It is with great pleasure that I present to you our Annual Report for FY2023,

a year that coincides with India’s platinum anniversary - ‘Azadi ka Amrit

Mahotsav’. As we celebrate 75 years of independence, the momentous occasion

calls for reflection and celebration of India’s extraordinary growth story. Despite

encountering numerous challenges, India has emerged as the world’s fifth

largest and the fastest-growing economy.

A TRANSFORMATION STORY

The growth at ICICI Prudential Life Insurance has been

equally buoyant. It has surpassed all odds and achieved

its stated objective of doubling its FY2019 absolute

Value of New Business (VNB) by FY2023. I can’t help

but feel immense pride in congratulating all employees

on this remarkable achievement against all odds. Be it

the COVID-19 pandemic or the persistent volatility in the

market, each challenge was met with a steely resolve

and unrelenting commitment to achieving the set goals.

On behalf of all employees, I express my sincere gratitude

to Mr. N. S. Kannan for the remarkable transformation

that our Company has undergone under his leadership.

Thanks to his visionary insights and strategic direction,

the Company has now become more resilient with a

well-balanced product mix, diversified distribution

network and superior customer service.

During his tenure, Mr. Kannan also championed the

integration of ESG factors into the business objective

and the publication of the Company’s first-ever ESG

report in FY2020. Mr. Kannan’s contributions have set

a high standard for excellence and we are grateful for

his inspiring leadership during the challenging times

faced by the Company. We wish him a fulfilling and

rewarding retirement.

Let me also take this opportunity to extend a warm

welcome to Mr. Anup Bagchi, who will be succeeding

Mr. Kannan as the MD & CEO of ICICI Prudential Life

Insurance. Mr. Bagchi, a long-time veteran of ICICI

Group, has also served on the Board of ICICI Prudential

Life Insurance as a non-executive director for five years.

With over three decades of experience in the financial

services industry, he brings a wealth of knowledge and

expertise to his new role.

THE GROWTH AT

ICICI PRUDENTIAL

LIFE INSURANCE HAS

SURPASSED ALL ODDS

AND ACHIEVED ITS

STATED OBJECTIVE OF

DOUBLING ITS FY2019

ABSOLUTE VALUE OF

NEW BUSINESS (VNB)

BY FY2023.

10

ICICI PRUDENTIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED

Annual Report 2022-23

Prev

Next

Managing Director & CEO

STRATEGIC REVIEW

ICICI PRUDENTIAL

LIFE INSURANCE

HAS ACHIEVED ITS

STATED OBJECTIVE

OF DOUBLING THE

FY2019 VALUE OF NEW

BUSINESS (VNB) IN

THIS FISCAL YEAR.: DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,

I am delighted to present to you our Annual Report for FY2023. At the outset,

I am pleased to inform you that ICICI Prudential Life Insurance has achieved its

stated objective of doubling the FY2019 Value of New Business (VNB) in this

fiscal year. As we all know, VNB is an important business value metric for life

insurance companies from a shareholder perspective.

Before we deep dive into our business performance

that resulted in the above outcome, let me talk about

the environment which we function in. Despite global

headwinds, India continues to be one of the world’s fastest

growing economies and a shining star amidst the gloomy

outlook prevalent in several parts of the world.

The country’s economic transformation continues at speed,

supported by robust macroeconomic fundamentals and

strong balance sheets in both financial and non-financial

sectors. The International Monetary Fund (IMF) projects a

growth rate of 5.9% for India in 2023, surpassing global

growth projections by over 3.1%.

The private sector has been making significant progress

while showing an eagerness to ramp up capital expenditure

amidst facilitative policy and regulatory measures.

According to the Centre for Monitoring Indian Economy

(CMIE), new private sector investment proposals in 2022

reached an all-time high since 1996, at ` 19.7 trillion.

Corporate deleveraging has worked wonders for banks,

significantly improving their balance sheets. Thanks to the

robust Goods and Services Tax and Direct Tax collections,

the Government has been able to allocate funds to

productive sectors of the economy amidst global slowdown,

thereby ensuring that the economy stays buoyant.

INSURANCE INDUSTRY OVERVIEW

As per a Capgemini report titled ‘Life Insurance Trends

2023’, globally, the life insurance sector witnessed a

significant uptick in premium growth in 2021 but is now

grappling with a challenging macroeconomic landscape

coupled with the after-effects of the pandemic. To maintain

the competitive edge, life insurance companies must

prioritise business resilience as their primary objective

given that this is a long-term business. Additionally, they

need to intensify their pursuit of operational excellence and

expedite digital transformation efforts.

In India, the life insurance industry occupies a prominent

position in the country’s financial sector due to several

factors. Owing to changes in the regulatory framework,

growing awareness of insurance products, Government

support and technological advancements, the industry finds

itself in a sweet spot. According to a recent report by Swiss

Re, the insurance sector in India is expected to become the

sixth-largest market globally by 2032. Besides, it is poised

to be one of the largest employment generators.

12

ICICI PRUDENTIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED

Annual Report 2022-23

Prev

Next

Managing Director & CEO

15

Delivering on Promises. Driving Sustainable Growth.

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

01 - 101

STATUTORY

REPORTS

102 - 179

STANDALONE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

180 - 561

CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

562 - 628

EMBEDDED

VALUE RESULTS

629 - 635

BRSR

636 - 684

Prev

Next:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer (MD & CEO), will superannuate/retire from the services of the Company on the completion

of his term as MD & CEO on June 18, 2023.

3. Mr. Anup Bagchi, Non-executive Director of the Company, is appointed as the Executive Director & Chief Operating Officer of the Company with effect from

May 1, 2023 and as: Managing

Managing Director & CEO, compensation is

aligned to both financial and non-financial indicators of

performance including controls like risk management,

process perspective, customer perspective and others.

Compensation for Wholetime Director/s is aligned to their

predefined key performance indicators, as approved by the

Board and BNRC. Compensation is also aligned with prudent

risk parameters such as solvency, grievance redressal,

expense management, claim settlement, overall compliance

status and the overall financial position such as Net Worth

and Assets Under Management (AUM). The quantum of

performance bonus as a percentage of total fixed pay is

governed based on the Compensation and Benefits Policy.

Compliance Framework: The Insurance and Regulatory

Development Authority of India (IRDAI) is the primary

regulatory authority for the insurance sector in the country.

The Board of Directors, through the Board Audit Committee,

oversees our compliance framework. The Company has

various compliance policies and procedures, including a

compliance policy, code of business conduct and ethics,

policy against sexual harassment at workplace, professional

workplace conduct, anti-bribery and anti-corruption policy,

whistle-blower policy and a code of conduct for personal

investments. The compliance responsibility vests with each

business department, with the Compliance Policy serving as

a guiding force in building the compliance culture within the

organisation. In accordance with the above framework, the

Compliance function creates Company-wide awareness and

provides guidance on applicable insurance laws, regulations,

guidelines and circulars issued by the regulatory authority.

Risk Management: Risk is an integral element of our

business and managed acceptance of risk is essential

to generate shareholder value. The risk governance

structure of the Company consists of the Board, Board Risk

Management Committee, Executive Risk Committee and

its sub-committees. The risk philosophy of the Company

is outlined in the Board-approved Risk Policy, which is

reviewed by the Board at least annually. The Risk Policy

details

identification,

measurement,

monitoring

and

control standards relating to various individual risks,

namely investment (market, credit and liquidity), insurance,

operational (including legal, compliance, outsourcing,

business continuity, information and cyber security)

and reputation.

The Board periodically reviews the potential impact of

strategic risks such as changes in macro-economic factors,

government policies, regulatory environment and tax regime

on the business plan of the Company. In addition to these

risks, the life insurance industry faces a number of emerging

risks, such as ESG-related risks. One of the most prominent

ESG risks is that of climate change and its potentially

far-reaching consequences. Apart from climate change,

there are several emerging risks associated with public

health trends such as increase in obesity-related disorders

and demographic changes such as population urbanisation

and ageing. The risk management framework seeks to

identify, measure and control our exposures to all these risks

within the overall risk appetite.

29

Delivering on Promises. Driving Sustainable Growth.

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

01 - 101

STATUTORY

REPORTS

102 - 179

STANDALONE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

180 - 561

CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

562 - 628

EMBEDDED

VALUE RESULTS

629 - 635

BRSR

636 - 684

Prev

Next:

Managing Director & CEO

5

3

1

30

ICICI PRUDENTIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED

Annual Report 2022-23

Prev

Next:

Managing Director &

CEO of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance

Company (ICICI Prulife). ICICI Prulife

is promoted by ICICI Bank, one of

India’s largest banks and Prudential

Corporation Holdings Limited. It was

the first Indian insurer to be listed on

the Indian stock exchanges and under

Kannan’s leadership, it has grown to

manage over ` 2.5 trillion of assets, has

written over ` 27.5 trillion of sum assured

and has a market capitalisation of

about ` 650 billion.

Kannan has been with the ICICI Group for

32 years, leading various businesses and

corporate functions, including serving

on the group company Boards for over

17 years. Till 2018, he was an Executive

Director on the Board of ICICI Bank for

over nine years. He has also served as

the Chairman of ICICI Bank UK and ICICI

Securities Primary Dealership and as a

Director on the Boards of ICICI Lombard

General

Insurance,

ICICI

Prudential

Asset

Management

Company

and

ICICI Bank Canada.

He brings to bear his deep insights

in strategy, operations, banking and

financial services, treasury, compliance,

finance

and

risk

management

on

various committees constituted by the

Government of India and regulatory

bodies. He has served on the Insurance

Advisory Committee of the Insurance

Regulatory Development Authority of

India (IRDAI), Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI)

Steering Committee on Implementation

of Indian Accounting Standards, The

Companies Law Committee Working

Group and the Insurance Awareness

Committee of the Life Insurance Council.

Besides, he was the RBI-nominated

member of the Advisory Committee that

successfully resolved the first financial

services company under the Indian

Bankruptcy

Code.

Recently,

Kannan

has been appointed by the Life &

General Insurance Councils to chair the

Regulation Review Committee (RRC) -

a committee formed to streamline and

simplify various regulations to move to a

principles-based regime and to enhance

ease of doing business.

Over the years, Kannan has won multiple

awards including Best CFO in India by

Finance Asia in 2013 and Best CFO in the

Indian Banking/Financial Services sector

by CNBC TV18 in 2012 and 2013. He was

also ranked the second best CFO in Asia

in 2013 by institutional investors.

Qualification: MBA from the Indian

Institute

of

Management,

Bangalore

with a gold medal for best all-round

performance. A distinguished alumnus

of the National Institute of Technology,

Trichy from where he graduated as a

Mechanical

Engineer

with

Honours.

Chartered

Financial

Analyst

from

the Institute of Chartered Financial

Analysts of India.

Mr. N. S. Kannan: Managing

Managing Director & CEO of ICICI

Securities. Under Mr. Bagchi’s leadership,

the organisation had won the prestigious

Outlook Money - India’s Best e-Brokerage

House for seven consecutive years.

He was responsible for the development

and growth of the retail broking, retail

financial product distribution and wealth

management businesses.

Mr. Bagchi has represented ICICI Group

in various regulatory committees of key

bodies such as RBI and SEBI. He was a

member of RBI’s Expert Committee on

‘Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises’

and of SEBI’s Committee on ‘Financial and

Regulatory Technologies’ (CFRT). He was

in the Executive Committee of National

Securities

Depository

Ltd

(NSDL),

Advisory Committee of BSE Ltd and was

Co-chairman of FICCI’s Capital Markets

Committee. He was also the member

of SEBI’s Secondary Markets Advisory

Committee (SMAC), Fair Market Conduct

Committee and Committee on Financial

and Regulatory Technologies and Risk

Management Review Committee.

Mr. Bagchi joined the ICICI Group in 1992

and has worked in the areas of retail

banking, corporate banking and treasury.

Qualification:

Management

degree

from Indian Institute of Management,

Bangalore and Engineering degree from

Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur

0@

52

3*

7*

8*

9**

Mr. Anup Bagchi

Executive Director &

Chief Operating Officer#

#Appointed as the Executive

Director & Chief Operating Officer

effective May 1, 2023 and as the: Managing

letter generation

etc. through the in-house applicant tracking system

(ATS) - iSmarthire.

STAR, the Company’s flagship induction programme for

frontline sales professionals has been deployed to ensure

employees are adequately skilled to perform in a hybrid

working environment. ASCENT, a new induction and

certification programme designed for developing domain

knowledge in Customer Service and Operations has

also been deployed this year. New recruits from top-tier

business schools undergo the Business Leadership

Programme (BLP), an intensive orientation programme,

that aims to transition graduate MBAs and other

professionals to corporate life from campus. For entry-level

management and specialist roles, the Company hires

MBAs from top-tier business schools, CAs and other

professionally qualified talent. In FY2023, the Company

hired over 4,600 graduate/post graduate freshers.

This year, the Company strengthened its overall employee

strength by 15% to capacitise for business growth. Close to

10,000 employees were hired with 43% of them being

graduates with less than one year of work experience.

The Company has a young, enthusiastic and diverse

workforce with 29% women employees and over 50% of

employees being less than 29 years of age. The Company

has significantly enhanced capacity in functions requiring

specialist skills. To build a pipeline of young talent, the

Company onboarded entry-level Pharmacy graduates in

the Underwriting function, Chartered Accountants (CAs)

in the Finance and Internal Audit functions and Actuarial

professionals towards meeting business requirements

and to mitigate attrition.

70

ICICI PRUDENTIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED

Annual Report 2022-23

Prev

Next:

Managing Director & CEO

and the team reporting to him. This is further cascaded

through the Executive Committee comprising the top

“PRLJ has been the best development session I

have ever experienced in my professional career.

The self-awareness tools, sessions with external

SME’s and modules on the app not only helped me

to introspect but also helped me concentrate, relax,

strengthen my capabilities and improve overall

well-being to be more productive and resilient.

The key highlight of the sessions was the simplicity

in which concepts were explained with actual life

situations in parallel to the cricketing world.”

Beram Gazdar,

Vice President (Mumbai)

73

Delivering on Promises. Driving Sustainable Growth.

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

01 - 101

STATUTORY

REPORTS

102 - 179

STANDALONE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

180 - 561

CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

562 - 628

EMBEDDED

VALUE RESULTS

629 - 635

BRSR

636 - 684

Prev

Next:

Managing Director & CEO

addressed the employees on this occasion. The event

concluded with a rendezvous with a special guest for the

event, Padma Shri and Arjuna awardee, Dr. Deepa Malik.

She shared her experiences as a person with disabilities

and how she overcame challenges through resilience

and a sense of purpose.

10 Based on employee headcount

81

Delivering on Promises. Driving Sustainable Growth.

CORPORATE

OVERVIEW

01 - 101

STATUTORY

REPORTS

102 - 179

STANDALONE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

180 - 561

CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

562 - 628

EMBEDDED

VALUE RESULTS

629 - 635

BRSR

636 - 684

Prev

Next:

Managing Director & CEO, based on the certification

from respective functional heads, is placed at the Board

Audit Committee and Board of Directors meetings on a

quarterly basis.

Risk management

The Company recognises that risk is an integral element

of the business and the managed acceptance of risk is

essential for generating shareholder value.

The risk governance structure of the Company consists

of the Board, the Board Risk Management Committee

(BRMC), the Product Management Committee (PMC), the

Executive Risk Committee (ERC) and its sub-committees.

The risk philosophy of the Company is outlined in the

Board approved risk policy which is reviewed by the

Board at least annually. The Board risk policy details

identification, measurement, monitoring and control

standards relating to various individual risks, namely

investment (market, credit and liquidity), insurance,

operational (including legal, compliance, outsourcing,

customer dissonance, business continuity, information

and cyber security) and reputation. The Board periodically

reviews the potential impact of strategic risks such as

changes in macro-economic factors, government policies,

regulatory environment and tax regime on the business

plan of the Company.

In addition to these risks, the life insurance industry faces a

number of emerging risks. While COVID-19 claims during

the year were much lower, there has been a resurgence

of COVID-19 infections recently in the country and the

claims experience will need to be monitored. Geo-political

tensions and the potential for disruption to energy supplies

are an additional source of uncertainty for financial and

commodity markets and trigger for inflation (which could

impact credit quality of counterparties, as well as reduce

real wages thereby impacting discretionary savings,

insurance new business and persistency risk). There are

also emerging risks related to ESG (environmental, social

and governance) issues. One of the most prominent ESG

risks is that of climate change which could potentially

have wide-ranging implications including (but not

limited to) adverse impact on economic growth and:

Managing Director & CEO and Chief Financial Officer

on the financial statements and internal controls relating

to financial reporting has been obtained.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Company considers its stakeholders as partners

in success, and remains committed to delivering value

to stakeholders. The Company believes that a sound

corporate governance mechanism is critical to retain

and enhance stakeholders’ trust. It is committed to

exercise overall responsibilities rigorously and diligently

throughout the organisation, managing its affairs

in a manner consistent with corporate governance

requirements and expectations.

The Company’s corporate governance philosophy is

based on an effective independent Board including the

separation of Board’s supervisory role from the executive

management. The Board Committees are generally

comprising of a majority of independent/non-executive

Directors and are chaired by independent Directors, to

oversee critical areas of business operations.

Significant and material orders passed by the regulators

or courts or tribunals impacting the going concern

status of the Company and its future operations

There are no significant and/or material orders passed by

the regulators or courts or tribunals impacting the going

concern status of future operations of the Company.

Compliance to Secretarial Standards

The Company was in compliance with the applicable

Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute of Company

Secretaries of India for the FY2023.

Annual return

A

copy

of

the

annual

return

for

FY2023

is

hosted on the website of the Company at https://

www.iciciprulife.com/about-us/shareholder-information/

other.html in accordance with the provisions of the

CA2013 with the information available up to the date

of this report, and shall be further updated as soon as

possible but no later than sixty days from the date of the

Annual General Meeting.

Particulars of employees

The statement containing the particulars of employees

as required to be disclosed under Section 197(12)

of the CA2013, read with Rule 5(2) of the Companies

(Appointment

and

Remuneration

of

Managerial

Personnel) Rules, 2014, is set out in an Annexure and

forms part of this Report. In terms of Section 136(1) of

CA2013, the Report and the Accounts are sent to the

members excluding the aforesaid Annexure. Any member

interested in obtaining a copy of this Annexure may

write to the Company Secretary at the Registered Office

of the Company.

Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) initiatives

The Corporate Social Responsibility policy as approved

by the Board has been hosted on the Company’s website

(https://www.iciciprulife.com/about-us/corporate-

policies.html?ID=about-corp)

The Company has spent ` 39.6 million for FY2023

towards CSR programs as against ` 38.8 million

required to be spent, which is 2.04% of the average net

profits made during the three immediately preceding

financial years, in accordance with Section 135 of the

Companies Act, 2013.

The detailed annual report on Corporate Social

Responsibility

activities

is

annexed

herewith

as

Annexure C.

Sexual harassment policy

The Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace

(Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013

provides protection against sexual harassment of

women at the workplace and lays down guidelines for:

Managing Director & CEO regarding compliance with

the Code by all the Directors and senior management

forms part of this Annual Report.

Policy for determining material subsidiaries

In accordance with the requirements of the Listing

Regulations, the Company has formulated a policy for

determining material subsidiaries and the same has

been hosted on the website of the Company (https://

www.iciciprulife.com/about-us/corporate-policies.

html?ID=about-corp).

Board of Directors

The Company’s Board is constituted in compliance with

the CA2013, in accordance with Listing Regulations

and IRDAI Corporate Governance Guidelines, 2016.

At March 31, 2023, the Board of Directors of the

Company comprised five independent Directors, three

non-executive Directors, and the: Managing Director

& CEO. Out of the three non-executive Directors, two

Directors are nominated by ICICI Bank Limited and one by

Prudential Corporation Holdings Limited. The

Managing Director & CEO on June 18, 2023.

4 Appointed as the Executive Director & Chief Operating Officer effective May 1, 2023 and as the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO4

7/7

Present

1 Appointed as the Executive Director & Chief Operating Officer effective May 1, 2023 and as the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO of the

Company with effect from June 19, 2023, subject to the approval of the shareholders.:

Managing Director/

Chief Executive Officer/Whole-time Directors of

Insurers (IRDAI Guidelines) issued vide reference no.

IRDA/F&A/GDL/LSTD/155/08/2016 dated August 5,

2016, requires the Company to make the following

disclosures on remuneration in the Annual Report:

Compensation policy and practices

1.

Qualitative disclosures

a.

I nformation relating to the design and

structure of remuneration processes

and the key features and objectives of

remuneration policy.

(i)

Name and mandate of the main body

overseeing remuneration:

The

Board

Nomination

and

Remuneration

Committee

(BNRC/

Committee) is the body which oversees

aspects pertaining to remuneration.

The functions of the Committee include

identifying persons who are qualified

to become Directors and who may

be appointed in senior management

in accordance with the criteria laid

down as well as recommending to

the Board their appointment and

removal; and formulating the criteria

for determining qualifications, positive

attributes and independence of a

Director; and also devising a policy on

diversity of the Board. The Committee

ensures

that

the

proposed

appointments/re-appointments

of

key management person or Directors

are in conformity with the Board

approved

policy

on

retirement/

superannuation;

scrutinises

the

declarations of intending applicants

before

the

appointment/re-

appointment/election

of

Directors

by the shareholders at the Annual

General Meeting; and scrutinises the

applications and details submitted

by the aspirants for appointment

as the key management person.

The

Committee

also

formulates

criteria and specifies the manner

1 Allowances also include Superannuation

2 Perquisites are evaluated as per Income-Tax rules

wherever

applicable,

and

exclude

perquisites

on

Provident Fund and perquisites on exercise of stock

options, if any. Stock options exercised during the year

does not constitute remuneration paid to the whole-time

directors and accordingly is not considered here.

3 Provision towards gratuity is actuarially valued for

the group of all eligible employees on an overall

basis, however, for the purpose of this section, annual

contribution towards gratuity fund of the Company as

approved by BNRC/Board has been given.

Details of remuneration paid to non-executive

Directors

As provided in the Articles of Association of the

Company, the fees payable to the non-executive

independent Directors for attending a Meeting of

the Board or Committee thereof is decided by the

Board of Directors from time to time within the limits

prescribed by the CA2013.

For FY2023, the Company has paid ` 100,000 as

sitting fees for each meeting of the Board, ` 100,000

for each Board Audit Committee meeting and

` 50,000 as sitting fees for each Meeting of other

Board Committee meetings attended. This amount

is within the limits prescribed as per Rule 4 of

Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of

Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 of the CA2013.

The members of the Company at the Annual General

Meeting held on July 17, 2019, have approved the

payment of compensation in form of profit related

commission upto ` 1 million per annum, in proportion

to the time served by him/her as a Director in a year,

to each non-executive Director of the Company

(other than the non-executive directors nominated

by ICICI Bank Limited and Prudential Corporation

Holdings Limited). The payments are subject to the

regulatory provisions applicable to the Company and

availability of net profits at the end of each financial

year. Sitting fees paid to independent Directors are

outside the purview of the above limits.

Further, Mr. M. S. Ramachandran, non-executive

Independent Director, Chairman of the Company, was

also provided an office, including its maintenance, at

the Company’s expense, for attending to his duties

as the Chairman of the Company pursuant to the

resolution passed by the members of the Company

on October 30, 2020, through postal ballot.

The

details

of

the

sitting

fees

and

commission are as below:

Sitting fees paid to independent Directors for the

financial year ended March 31, 2023:

Name of the Director

Amount (in `)

Mr. M. S. Ramachandran,

Chairman

1.45 million

Mr. Dilip Karnik

2.35 million

Mr. R. K. Nair

2.35 million

Mr. Dileep Choksi

2.25 million

Ms. Vibha Paul Rishi

2.20 million:

Managing Director & CEO, other

Whole-time Directors, non-executive

Directors, Key Management Person

(KMP), Senior Management Personnel

(SMP) and other employees was last

amended and approved by the BNRC

and the Board at its Meetings held on

April 16, 2022.

(iv) Type of employees covered and number of

such employees:

All employees of the Company are

governed by the Compensation Policy.

The total number of permanent employees

governed by the Compensation Policy of the

Company at March 31, 2023 was 17,825.

(v) Key

features

and

objectives

of

remuneration policy:

The Company has historically followed

prudent compensation practices under

the guidance of the Board and the BNRC.

The Company’s approach to compensation

is based on the ethos of meritocracy and

fairness within the framework of prudent

risk management. This approach has been

incorporated in the Compensation Policy,

the key elements of which are given below:

Effective governance of compensation

The

Company

follows

prudent

compensation

practices

under

the

guidance of the BNRC and the Board.

The decision relating to the remuneration

of the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO and Other

Whole-time Directors (in Part B of

the Compensation Policy) has been

modified to defer a minimum of 50%

of the bonus amount for Managing

Director & CEO and other Whole-

time Directors. If the bonus is under

` 25 lacs, the deferment shall not be

applicable. The deferral period would

be spread over a minimum period

of three years (deferment period).

The frequency of vesting will be on

annual basis and the first vesting

shall not be before one year from the

commencement of deferral period.

The vesting shall be no faster than

a prorata basis. Additionally, vesting

will not be more frequent than on

a yearly basis.

b.

Description of the ways in which current and

future risks are taken into account in the

remuneration processes.

•

The

Company

follows

prudent

compensation practices under the guidance

of the Board and the Board Nomination

and Remuneration Committee (BNRC).

The Company’s approach to compensation

is based on the ethos of meritocracy and

fairness within the framework of prudent

risk

management.

The

performance

rating assigned to employees is based

on assessment of performance delivered

against a set of defined performance

objectives. These objectives are balanced

in nature and comprise a holistic mix

of financial, customer, people, process,

quality, compliance objectives and/or any

other parameters as may be deemed fit.

•

For the MD & CEO and other Whole-time

Directors, compensation is sought to be

aligned to both pre-defined performance

objectives of the Company as well as

prudent risk parameters.

•

For the MD & CEO and other Whole-time

Directors, the quantum of bonus does not

exceed a certain percentage (as stipulated

in the Compensation Policy) of total fixed

pay in a year; a minimum of 50% (as

stipulated in the Compensation Policy) will

be under deferment. If the bonus amount

is under ` 25 lacs, the deferment shall not

be applicable. The deferral period would

be spread over a minimum period of three

years (deferment period). The frequency of

vesting will be on annual basis and the first

vesting shall not be before one year from

the commencement of deferral period.

The vesting shall be no faster than a

prorata basis. Additionally, vesting will not

be more frequent than on a yearly basis.

•

The deferred part of the variable pay

(performance

bonus)

for

Whole-time

Directors is subject to malus, under which,

the Company will prevent vesting of all or

part of the variable pay in the event of an

enquiry determining gross negligence or

integrity breach.

•

In claw back arrangements with Whole-

time Directors, the employee agrees to

return, in case asked for, the previously

paid variable pay to the Company in the

event of an enquiry determining gross

negligence or integrity breach, taking into

account relevant regulatory stipulations.

•

For malus and clawback, acts of gross

negligence

and

integrity

breach

are

covered

under

the

purview

of

the

compensation policy. Errors of judgment

shall not be construed to be breaches.

c.

Description of the ways in which the

Company seeks to link performance during a

performance measurement period with levels

of remuneration

The Company’s approach to compensation

is based on the ethos of meritocracy and

fairness within the framework of prudent risk

management. The extent of variable pay for

individual employees is linked to individual

performance for sales frontline employees and

to individual and organisation performance for

non-sales frontline employees and employees

in the management cadre. For the latter, the

performance rating assigned is based on

assessment of performance delivered against

a set of defined performance objectives.

These objectives are balanced in nature, and

comprise a holistic mix of financial, customer,

people,

process,

quality

and

compliance

objectives and/or any other parameters as may

be deemed fit. For the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO:

Particulars

At March 31, 2023

Number of WTD/ CEO/ MD having received a variable remuneration award

during the financial year

1

Number and total amount of sign on awards made during the financial year

Nil

Details of guaranteed bonus, if any, paid as joining/ sign on bonus

Nil

Breakup of amount of remuneration awarded for the financial year

(in ` million)

Fixed1

56.2

Variable Pay2

29.2

Deferred

14.6

Non-Deferred

14.6

Share-Linked Instruments – Company2

4,35,500

Total amount of deferred remuneration paid out in the financial year

Cash (` in million)

Nil

Shares

Shares-linked instruments (Employee Stock Options) pending to be vested as

on March 31, 2023

Company

12,44,650

ICICI Bank3

Nil

Other forms

Nil

1 Fixed pay includes basic salary, supplementary allowances, superannuation, contribution to provident fund and gratuity

fund by the Company. Provision towards gratuity is actuarially valued for the group of all eligible employees on an

overall basis, however, for the purpose of this section, the annual contribution towards gratuity fund of the Company as

approved by BNRC/Board is incorporated here.

2 Variable pay and share-linked instruments represent amounts granted/options awarded by BNRC/Board in FY2023.

3 Employee stock options last granted in May 2019

Further, provision on gratuity, leave encashment and long term payment, which is actuarially valued for all employees of

the organisation, is not considered above.

Disclosures required with respect to Section

197(12) of the CA2013

The ratio of the remuneration of each Director to the

median employee’s remuneration and such other

details in terms of Section 197(12) of the CA2013

read with Rule 5 of the Companies (Appointment

and

Remuneration

of

Managerial

Personnel)

Rules, 2014. For the purpose of this section,

aspects of fixed remuneration which includes

basic salary, supplementary allowance and retirals

(provident fund, gratuity and superannuation) have

been annualised.

(i)

The ratio of the remuneration of each director

to the median remuneration of the employees,

who are part of annual bonus plan (excluding

frontline sales), of the Company for the

financial year:

Mr. N S Kannan,: Managing

Managing Director & CEO. The details

about the evaluation of the Whole-time Director are

further provided under the section titled “Compensation

policy and practices.”

Directors and officers liability insurance policy

The Company has taken Directors and Officers Liability

Insurance for all its Directors and Officers.:

Managing Director & CEO

Mumbai

DIN: 00066009

CERTIFICATION FOR COMPLIANCE OF THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE GUIDELINES

I, Sonali Chandak, hereby certify that the Company has, for the financial year ended March 31, 2023, complied with

the requirements stipulated under the corporate governance guidelines of Insurance Regulatory and Development

Authority of India as amended from time to time and nothing has been concealed or suppressed.

Sonali Chandak

May 17, 2023

Company Secretary

Mumbai

ACS 18108:

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part

of this report.

ANNEXURE A

To,

The Members,

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited

ICICI Prulife Towers 1089

Appasaheb Marathe Marg Prabhadevi Mumbai – 400025

Our report of even date is to be read along with this: letter.

1.

Maintenance

of

secretarial

record

is

the

responsibility of the management of the company.

Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these

secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes

as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance

about the correctness of the contents of the

Secretarial records. The verification was done on

test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected

in secretarial records. We believe that the processes

and practices, we followed provide a reasonable

basis for our opinion.

3.

We

have

not

verified

the

correctness

and

appropriateness of financial records and Books of

Accounts of the company.

4.

Wherever

required,

we

have

obtained

the

Management

representation

about

the

compliance of laws, rules and regulations and

happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate

and other applicable laws, rules, regulations,

standards is the responsibility of management.

Our examination was limited to the verification of

procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance

as to the future viability of the company nor of the

efficacy or effectiveness with which the management

has conducted the affairs of the company.

For Makarand M. Joshi & Co.

Company Secretaries

Makarand Joshi

Partner FCS: 5533

CP: 3662

Date: May 17, 2023

PR: 640/2019

Place: Mumbai

UDIN: F005533E000322795

letter dated 28 June 2022.

2.

We have examined the compliance of conditions

of Corporate Governance by ICICI Prudential Life

Insurance Company Limited (“the Company”), for

the year ended 31 March 2023, as stipulated in

regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) of regulation

46(2) and paragraphs C, D and E of Schedule

V of the Securities Exchange Board of India

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 as amended from time to time

(“Listing Regulations”) pursuant to the Listing

Agreement of the Company with Stock Exchanges.

Management’s Responsibility

3.

The

compliance

of

conditions

of

Corporate

Governance

as

stipulated

under

the

Listing

Regulations is the responsibility of the Company’s

Management

including

the

preparation

and

maintenance of all the relevant records and

documents. This responsibility includes the design,

implementation and maintenance of internal control

and procedures to ensure the compliance with the

conditions of Corporate Governance stipulated in

the Listing Regulations.

Auditors’ Responsibility

4.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Listing

Regulations, it is our responsibility to provide a

reasonable

assurance

whether

the

Company

has complied with the conditions of Corporate

Governance as stipulated in Listing Regulations for

the year ended 31 March 2023.

5.

Our examination was limited to procedures and

implementation thereof, adopted by the Company

for ensuring the compliance of the conditions of the

Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an

expression of opinion on the financial statements

of the Company.

6.

We conducted our examination of the above

corporate governance compliance by the Company

in accordance with the Guidance Note on Reports

or Certificates for Special Purposes (Revised 2016)

and Guidance Note on Certification of Corporate

Governance, both issued by the Institute of the

Chartered Accountants of India (the “ICAI”), in so

far as applicable for the purpose of this certificate.

The Guidance Note requires that we comply with

the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics

issued by the ICAI.

7.

We have complied with the relevant applicable

requirements of the Standard on Quality Control

(SQC) 1, Quality Control for Firms that Perform

Audits

and

Reviews

of

Historical

Financial

Information, and Other Assurance and Related

Services Engagements.

Opinion

8.

In our opinion and to the best of our information and

according to the explanations given to us, we certify

that the Company has complied with the conditions

of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the above-

mentioned Listing Regulations.

9.

We state that such compliance is neither an

assurance as to the future viability of the Company

nor the efficiency or effectiveness with which

the

management

has

conducted

the

affairs

of the Company.

Restriction on use

10. Our obligations in respect of this certificate are

entirely separate from, and our responsibility and

liability is in no way changed by, any other role we

may have as the statutory auditors of the Company

or otherwise. Nothing in this certificate, nor anything

said or done in the course of or in connection with

the services that are the subject of this certificate,

will extend any duty of care we may have in our

capacity as statutory auditors of the Company.

11. The certificate is addressed and provided to the

Members of the Company solely for the purpose

of enabling the Company to comply with the

requirement of the Listing Regulations and should

not be used by any other person or for any other

purpose. Accordingly, we do not accept or assume

any liability or any duty of care for any other purpose

or to any other person to whom this certificate is

shown or into whose hands it may come without our

prior consent in writing.

For B S R & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants

For Walker Chandiok & Co LLP

Chartered Accountants

ICAI Firm Registration No:

101248W/W-100022

ICAI Firm Registration No:

001076N/N500013

Kapil Goenka

Sudhir N. Pillai

Partner

Partner

Membership No: 118189

Membership No: 105782

UDIN: 23118189BGURES9967

UDIN: 23105782BGXTCB9540

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 17, 2023

Date: May 17, 2023:

Managing Director

& CEO

ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth

Member

29,580

47,316

Stakeholders Empowerment Services

- Advisory Board on Environmental,

Social and Governance (ESG)

Member

590

-

ICICI Prudential Pension Funds

Management Company Limited

Director

30,791

232,833

1The tenure mentioned of the directors are for the period in which they held directorship in ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited.

Note: Transactions with related entities of directors are mentioned for the year in which the directors are interested in the entity.

*0 denotes less than 1,000:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN:00066009

Chief Financial Officer

Appointed Actuary

Place: Mumbai

Date: April 20, 2023

14. MANAGEMENT RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT

The Management confirms that:

1)

In the preparation of financial statements, the applicable accounting standards, principles and policies are

followed along with proper explanations relating to material departures, if any;

2)

The management has adopted accounting policies and applied them consistently and made judgements and

estimates that are reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company

at the end of the financial year and of the operating profit and of the profit of the Company for the year;

3)

The management has taken proper and sufficient care for the maintenance of adequate accounting records in

accordance with the applicable provisions of the Insurance Act, 1938 and Companies Act, 2013 to the extent

applicable, for safeguarding the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting fraud and other

irregularities;

4)

The management has prepared the financial statements on a going concern basis;

5)

The management has ensured that an internal audit system commensurate with the size and nature of the

business exists and is operating effectively.:

letter dated 28

June 2022 with ICICI Prudential Life Insurance

Company Limited (the “Company”).

2.

This certificate is issued to comply with the

provisions of paragraphs 3 and 4 of Schedule C read

with regulation 3 of the Insurance Regulatory and

Development Authority (Preparation of Financial

Statements and Auditor’s Report of Insurance

Companies) Regulations 2002, (the “IRDA Financial

Statements Regulations”).

MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY

3.

The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible

for complying with the provisions of The Insurance

Act, 1938 (amended by the Insurance Laws

(Amendment) Act 2015) (the “Insurance Act”),

the

Insurance

Regulatory

and

Development

Authority Act, 1999 (the “IRDA Act”), the IRDA

Financial Statements Regulations, orders/directions/

circulars issued by the Insurance Regulatory and

Development Authority of India (the “IRDAI”) which

includes the preparation and maintenance of books

of accounts and Management Report. This includes

collecting, collating and validating data and

designing, implementing and monitoring of internal

controls suitable for ensuring the aforesaid and

applying an appropriate basis of preparation that

are reasonable in the circumstances and providing

all relevant information to the IRDAI.

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITY

4.

Pursuant to the requirements of the IRDA Financial

Statements Regulations, it is our responsibility to

obtain reasonable assurance and form an opinion

based on our audit and examination of books of

accounts and other records maintained by the

Company as to whether the Company has complied

with the matters contained in paragraphs 3 and 4 of

Schedule C read with Regulation 3 of IRDA Financial

Statements Regulations as of and for the year

ended 31 March 2023.

5.

We conducted our examination in accordance with

the Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for

Special Purposes (Revised 2016) (the “Guidance

Note”) issued by ICAI. The Guidance Note requires

that we comply with the independence and

other ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics

issued by the ICAI.

6.

We have complied with the relevant applicable

requirements of the Standard on Quality Control

(“SQC”) 1, Quality Control for Firms that Perform

Audits

and

Reviews

of

Historical

Financial

Information, and Other Assurance and Related

Services Engagements.

OPINION

7.

In accordance with information and explanations

given to us and to the best of our knowledge and

belief and based on our audit and examination of

the books of account and other records maintained

by the Company for the year ended 31 March 2023,

we certify that:

a.

We have reviewed the Management Report

attached

to

the

standalone

financial

statements for year ended 31 March 2023, and

on the basis of our review, there is no apparent

mistake or material inconsistencies in the

Management Report read with the standalone

financial statements;

b.

Based

on

management

representations

and compliance certificates submitted to

the Board of Directors by the officers of the

Company charged with compliance and the

same being noted by the Board, nothing has

come to our attention that causes us to believe

that the Company has not complied with

the terms and conditions of registration as

stipulated by the IRDAI;

c.

We have verified the cash balances as at

31 March 2023, to the extent considered

necessary, with the books of accounts by actual

inspection or management certificates received.

For securities relating to the Company’s loans

and investments as at 31 March 2023, we have

verified the confirmations received from the

Custodian/ Depository Participants appointed

by the Company or from counterparties, with

the books of accounts, as the case may be.

As at 31 March 2023, the Company does not

have reversions and life interests;

d.

The Company is not the trustee of any trust; and

e.

No part of the assets of the Policyholders’

Funds has been directly or indirectly applied in

contravention to the provisions of the Insurance

Act relating to the application and investments

of the Policyholders’ Funds.:

letter dated 28 June 2022 with

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited

(the “Company”).

2.

As per the requirements of the Schedule I(B)(11)

(d) to the Insurance Regulatory and Development

Authority of India (Investment) Regulations, 2016

dated 1 August 2016 (the “Regulations”), we

are required to issue a certificate regarding the

application of the Net Asset Value (“NAV”) for

applications received as at 31 March 2023.

MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY

3.

The Management of the Company is responsible

for compliance with the Regulations for application

of NAV as at 31 March 2023 which includes

preparation and maintenance of all accounting

and

other

relevant

supporting

records

and

documents. This responsibility includes the design,

implementation and maintenance of internal controls

relevant to the application of NAV for applications

received as at 31 March 2023.

4.

The Management of the Company is responsible for

complying with conditions stated in the Regulations.

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITY

5.

Pursuant to the requirements of this certificate,

our

responsibility

is

to

provide

reasonable

assurance as to whether:

(a) The applications received on 31 March 2023 upto

3.00 p.m. have been stamped and processed

with NAV of 31 March 2023;

(b) The applications received on 31 March 2023 after

3.00 p.m. have been stamped and processed

with NAV of 3 April 2023 (first business working

day post 31 March 2023); and

(c) The Company has declared NAV for 31

March 2023, which is a business day, on a

basis consistent with its accounting policy as

disclosed in its audited standalone financial

statements for the year ended 31 March 2023.

6.

We have jointly audited standalone financial

statements of the Company as of and financial

year ended 31 March 2023 on which we issued an

unmodified audit opinion vide our report dated 20

April 2023. Our audits of these standalone financial

statements were conducted in accordance with

the Standards on Auditing specified under Section

143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013 and other

applicable authoritative pronouncements issued by

the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (the

“ICAI”). Those standards require that we plan and

perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance

about whether the standalone financial statements

are free of material misstatement. Our audits were

not planned and performed in connection with any

transactions to identify matters that may be of

potential interest to third parties.

7.

In this connection, we have performed the

following procedures:

a)

Obtained the list of applications for New

business, Renewal premium, Top up, Surrender,

Freelook

cancellation,

Fund

switches,

Withdrawal and Partial withdrawal received in

respect of Unit linked products on 31 March 2023

(together referred to as “Application Forms”)

from the Company;

b)

Selected samples of Application Forms from

listing mentioned in paragraph 7(a) above and

verified whether:

i)

The

applications

received

on

31

March 2023 upto 3.00 p.m. have been

appropriately stamped and processed

with NAV of 31 March 2023;

ii)

The applications received on 31 March 2023

after 3.00 p.m. have been appropriately

stamped and processed with NAV of 3

April 2023 (first business working day post

31 March 2023); and

iii)

The NAV applied for applications received

on 31 March 2023 is traced to the

respective NAV declared by the Company.

c)

We have read the certificate dated 10 April 2023

of the concurrent auditor of the Company,

M/s.

Chokshi

&

Chokshi

LLP,

Chartered

Accountants which has been furnished to us

certifying compliance with Regulation 5 of

Schedule I(B); and

d)

Obtained representation from the Management

that the Company has declared 31 March 2023

as a business day for accepting Application

Forms

and

that

it

has

declared

NAV

for 31 March 2023.:

Managing Director & CEO

Chief Financial Officer

Appointed Actuary

Membership No. 118189

Membership No. 105782

DIN: 00066009

Sonali Chandak

Place : Mumbai

Company Secretary

Date : April 20, 2023:

Managing Director & CEO

Chief Financial Officer

Appointed Actuary

Membership No. 118189

Membership No. 105782

DIN: 00066009

Sonali Chandak

Place : Mumbai

Company Secretary

Date : April 20, 2023:

Managing Director & CEO

Chief Financial Officer

Appointed Actuary

Membership No. 118189

Membership No. 105782

DIN: 00066009

Sonali Chandak

Place : Mumbai

Company Secretary

Date : April 20, 2023

Profit and Loss Account

for the year ended March 31, 2023:

Managing Director & CEO

Chief Financial Officer

Appointed Actuary

Membership No. 118189

Membership No. 105782

DIN: 00066009

Sonali Chandak

Place : Mumbai

Company Secretary

Date : April 20, 2023

(` ‘000)

Particulars

Schedule

March 31, 2023

March 31, 2022

Sources of funds

Shareholders' funds :

Share capital

5 & 5A

14,385,714

14,373,061

Share application money

1,944

-

Reserve and surplus

6

83,729,460

75,915,442

Credit/[debit] fair value change account

2,800,670

1,342,088

Sub - total

100,917,788

91,630,591

Borrowings

7

12,000,000

12,000,000

Policyholders' funds :

Credit/[debit] fair value change account

27,963,045

28,274,659

Revaluation reserve - Investment property

363,803

679,559

Policy liabilities (A)+(B)+(C) (Refer note 2.10 & 3.3 of schedule 16)

2,343,654,078

2,245,484,517

Non unit liabilities (mathematical reserves) (A)

903,073,513

736,821,496

Insurance Reserve

-

-

Provision for linked liabilities (fund reserves) (B)

1,352,323,452

1,405,414,085

(a) Provision for linked liabilities

1,182,734,890

1,161,142,704

(b) Credit/[debit] fair value change account (Linked)

169,588,562

244,271,381

Funds for discontinued policies (C) (Refer note 3.41 of schedule 16)

88,257,113

103,248,936

(a) Discontinued on account of non-payment of premium

89,800,914

106,480,259

(b) Other discontinuance

248,388

505,132

(c) Credit/[debit] fair value change account

(1,792,189)

(3,736,455)

Total linked liabilities (B)+(C)

1,440,580,565

1,508,663,021

Sub - total

2,383,980,926

2,286,438,735

Funds for Future Appropriations (Refer note 2.11 & 3.4 of schedule 16)

Non linked

16,692,745

13,833,234

Sub - total

16,692,745

13,833,234

Total

2,501,591,459

2,391,902,560

Application of funds

Investments

-

Shareholders'

8

98,514,131

98,534,727

Policyholders'

8A

943,109,511

773,880,038

Asset held to cover linked liabilities

8B

1,440,580,565

1,508,663,021

Loans (Refer note 2.14 of schedule 16)

9

13,141,233

9,401,234

Fixed assets - net block (Refer note 2.15 of schedule 16)

10

5,955,462

4,872,209

Current assets

Cash and Bank balances

11

7,708,565

6,699,470

Advances and Other assets

12

49,462,501

42,351,269

Sub-Total (A)

57,171,066

49,050,739

Current liabilities

13

56,624,364

52,239,452

Provisions

14

256,145

259,956

Sub-Total (B)

56,880,509

52,499,408

Net Current Assets (C) = (A-B)

290,557

(3,448,669)

Miscellaneous expenditure (to the extent not written-off or adjusted)

15

-

-

Debit Balance in Profit & Loss Account (Shareholders' account)

-

-

Total

2,501,591,459

2,391,902,560

Contingent liabilities (Refer note 2.17 & 3.1 of schedule 16)

6,976,934

9,833,724

Significant accounting policies & notes

16

The Schedules and accompanying notes referred to herein form an integral part of the Standalone Balance Sheet.

FORM A-BS

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited

Regn.No. 105 dated 24.11.2000

Balance Sheet

as at March 31, 2023:

Managing Director & CEO

Chief Financial Officer

Appointed Actuary

Membership No. 118189

Membership No. 105782

DIN: 00066009

Sonali Chandak

Place : Mumbai

Company Secretary

Date : April 20, 2023:

Managing Director and CEO

Souvik Jash, Appointed Actuary

Relatives of Key management personnel as per AS-18 disclosure

Nature of relationship

Mr. N. S. Kannan

Mr. Souvik Jash

Spouse

Kumudalakshmi Rangarajan

Soma Jash

Parent

Narayanan Sudha

Sobha Jash

Brother/ Sister

Narayanan Raghunathan

Samik Jash

Narayanan Rangarajan

Children

Aditi Kannan

Sayantan Jash:

Managing Director (‘MD’) /Chief Executive

Officer (‘CEO’) /Whole Time Directors (‘WTD’), which

have prescribed certain qualitative and quantitative

disclosures. The disclosures for year ended March 31,

2023, are given below:

Remuneration to MD/CEO/WTD:

Qualitative disclosures:

A) Information relating to the bodies that oversee

remuneration.

Name, composition and mandate of the main body

overseeing remuneration:

The Board Nomination and Remuneration Committee

(BNRC/Committee) is the body which oversees aspects

pertaining to remuneration. The functions of the

Committee include identifying persons who are qualified

to become Directors and who may be appointed in senior

management in accordance with the criteria laid down

and recommending to the Board their appointment

& removal and formulating a criteria and specifying

the manner for effective evaluation of every individual

director’s performance, evaluation of the performance

of the Board and its Committees, and reviewing its

implementation and compliance; considering to extend

or continue the term of appointment of the Independent

Directors, on the basis of the report of performance

evaluation of Independent Directors; recommending to

the Board a policy relating to the remuneration for the

Directors, key management persons and other employees;

recommending to the Board all remuneration, in whatever

form, payable to senior management; ensuring that the

level and composition of remuneration is reasonable and

sufficient to attract, retain and motivate Directors of the

quality required to run the Company successfully; ensuring

that the relationship of remuneration to performance is

clear and meets appropriate performance benchmarks;

approving the compensation program and ensuring that

remuneration to Directors, key management persons

and senior management involves a balance between

fixed and incentive pay reflecting short and long term

performance objectives appropriate to the working

of the Company and its goals; formulating the criteria

for determining qualifications, positive attributes and

independence of a Director; devising a policy on diversity

of the Board; considering and approving employee stock

option schemes and administering & supervising the

same; ensuring that the proposed appointments/re-

appointments of key management persons or Directors

are in conformity with the Board approved policy on

retirement/superannuation; scrutinising the declarations

of intending applicants before the appointment/re-

appointment/election of Directors by the shareholders

at the annual general meeting; and scrutinising the

applications and details submitted by the aspirants for

appointment as the key management person.

External consultants whose advice has been sought,

the body by which they were commissioned and in

what areas of the remuneration process:

The Company employed the services of reputed

consulting firms for market benchmarking in the area

of compensation.

Scope of the Company’s remuneration policy (e.g. by

regions, business lines), including the extent to which it

is applicable to foreign subsidiaries and branches:

The Company’s Policy on Compensation & Benefits

(“Compensation Policy”) for: Managing

Managing Director

& CEO and Other wholetime Directors (in Part B of

the Compensation Policy) has been modified to defer

a minimum 50% of the bonus amount for Managing

Director & CEO and other wholetime Directors. If the

bonus is under ` 25 lakhs, the deferment shall not

be applicable. The deferral period would be spread

over a minimum period of three years (deferment

period). The frequency of vesting will be on annual

basis and the first vesting shall not be before one

year from the commencement of deferral period.

The vesting shall be no faster than a prorata basis.

Additionally, vesting will not be more frequent than

on a yearly basis.

Description of the ways in which current and future

risks are taken into account in the remuneration

processes.

•

The

Company

follows

prudent

compensation

practices under the guidance of the Board and the

Board Nominations & Remuneration Committee

(BNRC). The Company’s approach to compensation

is based on the ethos of meritocracy and fairness

within the framework of prudent risk management.

The performance rating assigned to employees is

based on an assessment of performance delivered

against a set of defined performance objectives.

These objectives are balanced in nature and

comprise a holistic mix of financial, customer,

people, process, quality, compliance objectives and/

or any other parameters as may be deemed fit.

•

For the MD & CEO and other wholetime Directors,

compensation is sought to be aligned to both pre-

defined performance objectives of the Company as

well as prudent risk parameters.

•

For the MD & CEO and other wholetime Directors,

the quantum of bonus does not exceed a certain

percentage (as stipulated in the Compensation

Policy) of total fixed pay in a year; a minimum of

50% (as stipulated in the Compensation Policy)

will be under deferment. If the bonus amount

is under ` 25 lakhs, the deferment shall not be

applicable. The deferral period would be spread

over a minimum period of three years (deferment

period). The frequency of vesting will be on annual

basis and the first vesting shall not be before one

year from the commencement of deferral period.

The vesting shall be no faster than a prorata basis.

Additionally, vesting will not be more frequent than

on a yearly basis.

•

The deferred part of the variable pay (performance

bonus) for wholetime Directors is subject to malus,

under which, the Company will prevent vesting of all

or part of the variable pay in the event of an enquiry

determining gross negligence or integrity breach.

•

In clawback arrangements with wholetime Directors,

the employee agrees to return, in case asked for, the

previously paid variable pay to the Company in the

event of an enquiry determining gross negligence

or integrity breach, taking into account relevant

regulatory stipulations.

•

For malus and clawback, acts of gross negligence

and integrity breach are covered under the purview

of the compensation policy. Errors of judgment shall

not be construed to be breaches.

Description of the ways in which the Company seeks to

link performance during a performance measurement

period with levels of remuneration.

The Company’s approach to compensation is based

on the ethos of meritocracy and fairness within the

framework of prudent risk management. The extent

of variable pay for individual employees is linked to

individual performance for sales frontline employees and

to individual & organisation performance for non-sales

frontline employees & employees in the management

cadre. For the latter, the performance rating assigned is

based on assessment of performance delivered against

a set of defined performance objectives. These objectives

are balanced in nature, and comprise a holistic mix

of financial, customer, people, process, quality and

compliance objectives and/or any other parameters as

may be deemed fit. For the MD & CEO and other wholetime

Directors, to ensure effective alignment of compensation

with prudent risk parameters, the Company takes into

account various risk parameters along with other pre-

defined performance objectives of the Company.:

Managing Director & CEO of ICICI

Prudential Life Insurance Company

Limited

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company

Limited (: Managing Director & CEO)

Service

ICICI

Prudential

Pension

Funds

Management Limited (Non-Executive

Director &

letter 100/2/Ind AS- Mission Mode/2022-23/1 dated July 14, 2022, a disclosure on the strategy for

Ind AS implementation and progress in this regard is given below:

In January 2020, IRDAI issued a circular stating that the effective implementation date of Ind AS in the Indian insurance

sector would be decided after the finalisation of IFRS 17 by International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).

In June 2020, IASB notified the amended IFRS 17 with an effective date on or after January 1, 2023. ICAI issued an

exposure draft of amendments in Ind AS 117 Insurance contracts in February 2022 which corresponds to amendments

in IFRS 17. The amended Ind AS 117 is currently under the process of notification.:

Managing Director & CEO

Chief Financial Officer

Appointed Actuary

Membership No. 118189

Membership No. 105782

DIN: 00066009

Sonali Chandak

Place : Mumbai

Company Secretary

Date : April 20, 2023:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN:00066009

Chief Financial Officer

Appointed Actuary

__________________

Sonali Chandak

Company Secretary

Place: Mumbai

Date: April 20, 2023

206 Receipts & Payments Account

207 Schedules

279 Salient features of the Financial Statement of Subsidiaries (Form AOC-I)

280 Annexures

279:

Managing Director & CEO

Chief Financial Officer

Appointed Actuary

Membership No. 118189

Membership No. 105782

DIN: 00066009

Sonali Chandak

Place : Mumbai

Company Secretary

Date : April 20, 2023:

Managing Director & CEO

Chief Financial Officer

Appointed Actuary

Membership No. 118189

Membership No. 105782

DIN: 00066009

Sonali Chandak

Place : Mumbai

Company Secretary

Date : April 20, 2023:

Managing Director & CEO

Chief Financial Officer

Appointed Actuary

Membership No. 118189

Membership No. 105782

DIN: 00066009

Sonali Chandak

Place : Mumbai

Company Secretary

Date : April 20, 2023:

Managing Director & CEO

Chief Financial Officer

Appointed Actuary

Membership No. 118189

Membership No. 105782

DIN: 00066009

Sonali Chandak

Place : Mumbai

Company Secretary

Date : April 20, 2023

Consolidated Balance Sheet

as at March 31, 2023

(` ‘000)

Particulars

Schedule

March 31, 2023

March 31, 2022

Sources of funds

Shareholders' funds :

Share capital

5 & 5A

14,385,714

14,373,061

Share application money

1,944

-

Reserve and surplus

6

83,706,919

75,864,616

Credit/[debit] fair value change account

2,800,670

1,342,088

Sub - total

100,895,247

91,579,765

Borrowings (Refer note 3.17 of schedule 16)

7

12,000,000

12,000,000

Policyholders' funds :

Credit/[debit] fair value change account

27,963,045

28,274,659

Revaluation reserve - Investment property

363,803

679,559

Policy liabilities (A)+(B)+(C) (Refer note 2.11 & 3.3 of schedule 16)

2,343,654,078

2,245,484,517

Non unit liabilities (mathematical reserves) (A)

903,073,513

736,821,496

Insurance Reserve

-

-

Provision for linked liabilities (fund reserves) (B)

1,352,323,452

1,405,414,085

(a) Provision for linked liabilities

1,182,734,890

1,161,142,704

(b) Credit/[debit] fair value change account (Linked)

169,588,562

244,271,381

Funds for discontinued policies (C)

88,257,113

103,248,936

(a) Discontinued on account of non-payment of premium

89,800,914

106,480,259

(b) Other discontinuance

248,388

505,132

(c) Credit/[debit] fair value change account

(1,792,189)

(3,736,455)

Total linked liabilities (B)+(C)

1,440,580,565

1,508,663,021

Sub - total

2,383,980,926

2,286,438,735

Funds for Future Appropriations (Refer note 2.12 of schedule 16)

Non linked

16,692,745

13,833,234

Sub - total

16,692,745

13,833,234

Total

2,501,568,918

2,391,851,734

Application of funds

Investments

Shareholders'

8

98,467,685

98,468,782

Policyholders'

8A

943,109,511

773,880,038

Asset held to cover linked liabilities

8B

1,440,580,565

1,508,663,021

Loans (Refer note 2.15 of schedule 16)

9

13,141,233

9,401,234

Fixed assets - net block (Refer note 2.16 of schedule 16)

10

5,963,088

4,877,535

Deferred tax asset (Refer note 2.17.1 & 3.7 of schedule 16)

3,027

8,525

Current assets

Cash and Bank balances

11

7,752,218

6,709,331

Advances and Other assets

12

49,495,682

42,365,845

Sub-Total (A)

57,247,900

49,075,176

Current liabilities

13

56,685,495

52,262,621

Provisions

14

258,596

259,956

Sub-Total (B)

56,944,091

52,522,577

Net Current Assets (C) = (A-B)

303,809

(3,447,401)

Miscellaneous expenditure (to the extent not written-off or adjusted)

15

-

-

Debit Balance in Profit & Loss Account (Shareholders' account)

-

-

Total

2,501,568,918

2,391,851,734

Contingent liabilities (Refer note 2.18 & 3.1 of schedule 16)

6,976,934

9,833,724

Significant accounting policies & notes

16

The Schedules and accompanying notes referred to herein form an integral part of the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

FORM A-BS

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited

Regn.No. 105 dated 24.11.2000:

Managing Director & CEO

Chief Financial Officer

Appointed Actuary

Membership No. 118189

Membership No. 105782

DIN: 00066009

Sonali Chandak

Place : Mumbai

Company Secretary

Date : April 20, 2023:

Managing Director and CEO

Souvik Jash, Appointed Actuary:

Managing Director & CEO

Chief Financial Officer

Appointed Actuary

Membership No. 118189

Membership No. 105782

DIN: 00066009

Sonali Chandak

Place : Mumbai

Company Secretary

Date : April 20, 2023:

letter from ICICI Prudential, stating that, to the best of

ICICI Prudential’s knowledge, the data and information

provided to us is accurate and complete and that there

are no material inaccuracies or omissions therein.

An actuarial assessment of the components of value of a

life insurance company will not necessarily be consistent

with the value of a life insurance company or a portfolio

in the open market and should not be interpreted

in that manner.

The Results are based on a series of assumptions as

to future operating experience. It should be recognised

that actual experience will differ from these assumptions

on account of changes in the operating and economic

environment and natural variations in experience.

To the extent that actual experience is different from the

assumptions, the future projected profits from which the

Results are derived will also differ. The Report includes

various sensitivity results to illustrate how vulnerable

the IEV and VNB results are to changes in assumptions

for the key risks. The Results shown are presented at

the valuation dates stated and no warranty is given by

Milliman that future experience after these valuation

dates will be in line with the assumptions made.

Milliman is not a tax expert and is not able to provide

tax or accounting advice. Accordingly, it is acknowledged

that no reliance will be placed on Milliman, its Partners,

or employees with respect to any tax or accounting

issue. The allowance for taxation reflected in the Results

is based on the Company’s interpretation of applicable

tax regulations. The Results do not reflect any allowance

for withholding or other taxes (if any) that may apply

to the payment of future shareholder dividends or on

remittances out of India.

The Results have been determined on a going concern

basis, and assume a stable economic, legal and

regulatory environment going forward. Any change in

the general operating environment would add a high

degree of uncertainty to the Results.

Unless explicitly stated, the Results do not consider any

external (including regulatory) developments after the

valuation date of 31 March 2023.

Yours faithfully,

Richard Holloway FIAI

Partner:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN: 00066009

Category: Executive Director

9. Does the Company have a

specified Committee of the

Board/Director responsible

for decision-making on

Sustainability-related issues?

(Yes/No). If yes, provide details.

Yes.

This year we expanded the terms of reference of our Board Corporate Social Responsibility

Committee to include review of sustainability activities and key ESG-related disclosures. The

Committee was accordingly renamed as Board Sustainability and Corporate Social Responsibility

Committee (BSCSR Committee). Under the BSCSR Committee, we have the Executive

Sustainability Steering Committee which comprises members of our management committee

supported by a dedicated ESG resource. This Committee sets the ESG agenda and reviews

progress. Each ESG focus area is anchored by a senior leader who oversees implementation of

initiatives mandated by our Sustainability Steering Committee.

We have a risk governance structure which consists of the Board, the Board Risk Management

Committee and the Executive Risk Committee which is supported by appropriate sub-committees.

Sustainability risk forms a part of our Board risk policy.

2 The use by ICICI Prudential Life Insurance of any MSCI ESG Research LLC or its affiliates (‘MSCI’) data and the use of MSCI logos, trademarks, service marks or index names

herein, do not constitute a sponsorship, endorsement, recommendation, or promotion of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance by MSCI. MSCI services and data are the property of MSCI

or its information providers and are provided ‘as-is’ and without warranty. MSCI names and logos are trademarks or service marks of MSCI.

3 Copyright ©2022 Sustainalytics. All rights reserved. This [publication/article/section] contains information developed by Sustainalytics (www.sustainalytics.com). Such

information and data are proprietary of Sustainalytics and/or its third party suppliers (Third Party Data) and are provided for informational purposes only. They do not constitute

an endorsement of any product or project nor an investment advice and are not warranted to be complete, timely, accurate or suitable for a particular purpose. Their use is

subject to conditions available at https://www.sustainalytics.com/legal-disclaimers.

NOTES TO THE PRINCIPLES

P1 The Company is committed to adopting the highest business, governance, ethical and legal standards in the

conduct of its operations through the following Board-approved policies:

a) Code of Conduct :

The Code of Conduct defines the professional and ethical standards that employees and Directors need to

adhere to in compliance with all applicable statutory laws, regulations and internal policies. All employees

affirm compliance with the Code of Conduct every year.

All employee-related grievances are investigated as per the grievance redressal framework and actions on

employees, if any, are decided by the Governance Council. The grievances and related trends are reviewed

monthly by the Chief – Human Resources. Sexual harassment complaints received are reported to the Board

annually.

b) Compliance Policy :

The Compliance Policy ensures that the products, customer offerings services and activities of the Company

conform to rules and regulations, transparency and integrity in the Company’s interactions with all stakeholders

and promote a compliance culture that upholds accountability and zero tolerance for impropriety. The Board

Audit Committee is updated on key compliance deviations and audit observations. The risks and impact

arising out of the issues along with management action plan are presented to the Board Audit Committee.

c) Anti-Money Laundering & Counter Financing of Terrorism (AML/CFT) Policy :

The AML/CFT Policy seeks to prevent the Company’s business channels/products/services from being used

as a medium for money laundering and thereby protecting its reputation by establishing a framework for

customer acceptance, customer identification, classification, monitoring, reporting of transactions, risk

management and creating an awareness. Exception reporting under AML/CFT policy, if any, are made to

Board Audit Committee.:

Managing Director and CEO, other Whole-Directors, non-executive Directors, Key Managerial Personnel,

Senior Management Personnel and other employees.

The Compensation and Benefits Policy is based on the philosophy of providing a compensation structure to

enable flexibility to staff members to tailor benefits as per their needs. Benefits entail options for mediclaim,

maternity, company leased accommodation and car, house rent allowance, meal allowance, gift allowance

etc. 100% of our employees have health insurance, accident insurance, maternity benefits and paternity

benefits. Matters pertaining to Compensation and Benefits Policy are periodically reviewed and approved by

the Board Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors.

b) Policy on salary advance to employees:

The policy is aimed at proposing guidelines for salary advance to employees of the Company for extending

financial help in distress situations where the employee has suffered financial loss on account of natural

calamities.

Other internal policies that promote employee well-being include:

a) Leave Policies: These cater to various needs of employees through policies around Privilege Leave, Sick

Leave, Maternity Leave, Paternity Leave, Adoption/Surrogacy Leave and Paid Leave for Covid-19 recovery.

b) Flexible work arrangements: Flexibility in work arrangements enable the Company to have a diverse

workforce and cater to varying life-stage needs of employees, through the Part-time Employment Policy,

Sabbatical Policy and Fixed-Term Employment arrangements.

c) Executive Health Check-up Policy: The Company enables preventive health care for eligible employees

through this policy, with enhanced benefits incorporated after the pandemic.

d) Education Assistance Policy: The Company encourages ongoing skill development through the

reimbursement of expenses towards ongoing education for eligible employees, apart from the various

other learning and development interventions.

e) Employee Children’s Education Scholarship Scheme: This policy enables eligible employees to meet the

educational requirements of their children who have demonstrated academic excellence.

f) Employee Children’s Sports Scholarship Scheme: This policy aids eligible employees to actively invest in

their children’s interest and talent in competitive sports.:

letter, website/mobile app, contact centre, sourcing intermediary and social media. The Company’s

approach to grievance resolution includes a thorough review of the profile and concerns of the customer, the

product offered, fact-finding and evidence gathering both from the customer and sourcing intermediary (as maybe

applicable). The Company aims to offer the best possible solution to the customer after taking into account the

findings of the investigation and extant policies, rules and guidelines. In case of dissatisfaction with the resolution,

the customer has the option to escalate to the next level for redressal.

6.

Number of complaints on the following issues made by employees

Category

FY2023

FY2022

Filed during

the year

Pending

resolution at the

end of the year

Remarks

Filed during

the year

Pending

resolution at the

end of the year

Remarks

Sexual Harassment

18*

1**

-

12*

4***

-

Discrimination at Workplace

-

-

-

-

-

-

Child Labour

-

-

-

-

-

-

Forced Labour/Involuntary

Labour

-

-

-

-

-

-

Wages

-

-

-

-

-

-

Other Human Rights related issues

-

-

-

-

-

-

* The complaints have been investigated as per The Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013.

**The one pending complaint as on March 31, 2023, stands resolved as on the date of the report.

*** The four pending complaints as on March 31, 2022 were resolved subsequently.:

letter,

website, mobile application, contact centre, sourcing intermediaries and social media. The process to manage a

customer’s grievance includes a thorough review of the customer’s concern and investigation through fact-finding

and evidence. The Company offers the best possible solution after a review of the customer’s profile and product

offered after taking feedback from the sourcing intermediary (as applicable). If a customer is not satisfied with the

resolution, he or she can escalate it to the Company touchpoint (level 01), Grievance Redressal Officer (level 02)

and Grievance Redressal Committee (level 03).

External avenues such as the Ombudsman office and the IRDAI are also available to the policyholder, details of

which are made available on the Company website and in the policy document.

The Company has a digital grievance management platform to upload, respond and monitor disposal of

customer grievances.

The process of complaint redressal from grievance registration to resolution is as follows:

Registration of Complaint

The Company's digital complaint management platform collates the complaints received through emails, website

or social media. The complaints are registered with the service recovery team, which is an independent central

grievance redressal (GR) body. Complaints received through the IRDAI or National Consumer Helpline are also

directed to the GR team.

Complaint Acknowledgement

On registration of a complaint, an acknowledgement is sent to the customer informing that the complaint is being

investigated and assuring that a response shall be provided within the regulatory turnaround time.

Assignment of Complaint

The GR team investigates the facts and the evidence. Depending on the subject of the complaint, the GR team also

directs the complaint to the department concerned as part of its investigation efforts. Response received by the

department is then evaluated.

Complaint Evaluation

The facts of the case are noted and the area of concern is reviewed. All complaints are handled by the GR team to

ensure a prompt, fair and an effective resolution. The team analyses the problem and assesses the root cause of

the conflict. The team takes a decision for the resolution of the complaint. Feedback is also provided to the relevant

department to ensure that the same problem does not recur.

Resolution

The customer is informed of the decision by the GR team and the steps for resolution. If a customer is not satisfied

with the resolution, they can escalate the issue to the Grievance Redressal Officer and beyond that to the Grievance

Redressal Committee.

The GR team monitors the redressal of all complaints and the quality of response provided to the customer. It also

monitors pendency and regularly shares its analysis with the Company. The summary of grievances are reviewed

by the Board Customer Service and Policyholders’ Protection Committee and reported to the Board of Directors

of the Company.

PRINCIPLE 9: BUSINESSES SHOULD ENGAGE WITH AND PROVIDE VALUE TO THEIR

CONSUMERS IN A RESPONSIBLE MANNER:

