Managing Director

Prioritizing

People

22

Embedding

ESG

Profit and Loss

Account

Independent

Auditors’ Report

Directors’

Report

Awards and

Recognitions

Corporate

Information

Schedules

Notice of Annual

General Meeting

Notes on Accounts

Balance Sheet

in US Dollars

04

Message from

the Chairman

02

About

IndusInd Bank Limited

14

At the Forefront of

Digital Banking

12

Key Performance

Indicators

18

Social

Initiatives

Branding and

Marketing

Cash Flow Statement

Balance

Sheet

Business Responsibility

and Sustainability Report

Report on

Corporate Governance

Management Discussion

and Analysis

192

Significant Accounting

Policies

Disclosure under Basel III

Capital Regulations

Branch Network:

Dear Shareholders,

I am delighted to address you as we refect upon the remarkable

performance of IndusInd Bank Limited and navigate through the

ever-evolving economic landscape. It is my privilege to present the

annual report for FY2023.

A Dynamic Landscape

The global economic outlook remains both challenging and

promising, as we emerge from a tumultuous year. We have witnessed

stronger-than-expected growth in advanced economies despite

multiple global shocks. Re-opening of the Chinese economy is also

expected to aid global recovery. However, we anticipate muted

global economic activity due to the lagged efects of last year’s

coordinated monetary tightening by major global central banks

led by the US Federal Reserve. Recent stress in the banking sector

of advanced economies is also likely to further tighten bank lending

standards, adversely impacting credit supply and overall growth.

There are growing concerns in global financial markets over

governance, sustainable growth, stability of markets and rapid

technological evolution. Global regulators are closely monitoring

the developments in Generative Artifcial Intelligence and Machine

Learning and its use or misuse. This mandates urgent reskilling of

market players, regulators and policy makers. The extant climate

crises require signifcant investment in sustainable fnance for

mitigation, adaptation and building resilience.

The extreme volatility of interest rates has a direct impact on

domestic markets and also leaves repercussions on international

markets. Emergent risks from crypto need global consensus on

issues around property rights, custody, transfer, and valuation. Apart

from this, concerns also stand tall around the lack of regulatory

supervision and crypto insolvency, exponentially compounding

risks for financial regulators. These risks and fast emerging

technological developments, including Artifcial Intelligence, defy

sovereign boundaries and sectoral silos. Managing the growing

milieu of “Known Risks” in addition to potential cyber threats and

more importantly the new universal “Unknown Risks” requires

an urgent need to forge a global consensus and institutional

cooperation that transcends geographical boundaries.

India’s increasing global credibility and stature make it a potential

leader in establishing an international regulatory alliance to

create a more modern global regulatory framework that considers

the interests of Emerging Economies and the Global South. The

opportunity presented by India’s presidency of the G20 in 2023

allows for the building of consensus in a world currently marked by

polarized divisions. If successful, this initiative could have signifcant

positive consequences on a global scale.

Amidst the challenges, central banks and authorities have taken

decisive action to mitigate the impact on the broader fnancial

system and emerging economies. While global infation is easing

from its peak last year, core infation persists in several developed

economies, nudging central banks to remain watchful. In fact,

infation is projected to remain above targets in many countries

throughout 2023 and 2024. Moreover, subdued demand and

the shift from goods to services are dampening global trade.

Compounding these issues are protracted geopolitical tensions

and divergent global positions on multilateral matters, which

increase the risks of geo-economic fragmentation and impact

international capital fows.

In this global backdrop, the Indian economy shines as a beacon

of hope. The real GDP growth is projected to be in the range of

6 to 6.5% this fscal year, contributing over 15% to global growth,: Message from the

Dear Shareholders,

Message from the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

07

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements:

Managing Director & CEO

09

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements:

Managing Director & CEO

Arun Khurana

Deputy CEO

Sanjeev Anand

Head - Corporate, Commercial,

Rural & Inclusive Banking

Zubin Mody

Chief Human Resources

Officer

Bijayananda Pattanayak

Head - Gems & Jewellery

Soumitra Sen

Head - Consumer Banking &

Marketing

Gobind Jain

Chief Financial Officer

Management Team

Annual Report 2022-23

10

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements:

Managing Director & CEO

Annual Report 2022-23

40

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements:

Managing Director & CEO of IndusInd Bank, Mr.

Sumant Kathpalia, along with CABI President Mr. Mahantesh

G Kivadasannavar and other senior Bank officials. As a token of

appreciation, the Bank awarded the team with a cash prize for

their consistency, unwavering spirit and dedication to the sport.

• The felicitation ceremony was communicated externally on

Social Media and through PR.

• The total number of impressions that the post received across

Facebook, Instagram and Twitter was about 16 lakhs.

• The story was covered by 10 online portals and 13

print publications.

Recognitions for ESG

IndusInd Bank was honored with the prestigious ‘Best Bank for

ESG - India’ award at the Asiamoney Best Bank Awards 2023,

marking its second consecutive win. Furthermore, the Bank

was elated to secure the title of Market Leader for ESG in India,

according to Euromoney’s 2022 rankings.

The Bank had published a half-page ad on the front page of The

Economic Times. Furthermore, a social media post about both

recognitions received 7.7 lakh impressions across Facebook,

Instagram, Twitter and LinkedIn.

Sustainability and CSR

The communication and branding for the sustainability team included:

• Creating a series of employee communication about ESG risks and best practices.

• Revamping the sustainability pages on the Bank’s Website.

75

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements:

Managing Director

& CEO. The ACB reviews the efficacy of the Internal Audit

Department, the effectiveness of controls laid down by the

Bank and compliance with internal and regulatory guidelines,

thus ensuring alignment with the global best practices on

corporate governance.

Compliance

Compliance Risk is defined by the Basel Committee as “the risk

of legal or regulatory sanctions, financial loss, or loss to the

reputation that a bank may suffer as a result of its failure to

comply with all applicable laws, regulations, codes of conduct and

standards of good practice”. It includes the conduct of banking

and financial business (including conflicts of interest), privacy and

data protection, and in particular, provisions on the prevention of

money laundering and combating financing of terrorism.

Compliance is an integral part of the culture at IndusInd Bank.

The Bank accords the highest priority to compliance with

laws, regulations and internal rules for all of its businesses and

operations. It is the responsibility of every staff member to

perform their functions within the framework of the statutory and

regulatory regime.

The tone of the compliance culture within the Bank starts from the

top. The Bank’s Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing

the management of the Bank’s compliance risk. The Bank has

formulated a Compliance Policy enumerating the Compliance

Philosophy of the Bank and establishing an independent

compliance function in the Bank.

The strong compliance culture is ensured through detailed

policies and guidelines, strong procedures, mechanism of

regular reviews, monitoring and testing, regular messages from

the Top Management on the importance of compliance and

zero-tolerance

towards

non-compliance,

and

compliance

awareness programmes.

The Compliance function plays a vital role in ensuring that the

overall business of the Bank is conducted within the ambit of

rules, regulations, laws and internal guidelines. The function

assists the Board and Top Management in efficiently managing

the compliance risk. The Compliance function works as a nodal

link between the Bank and the Regulatory Authorities, namely RBI,

SEBI, DFS, UIDAI, IBA, IRDAI, PFRDA, etc., and provides guidance

to all verticals in the Bank on applicable regulatory framework,

i.e., regulatory guidelines, statutes and advisories issued by the

Regulatory Authorities.

The Bank has adopted three lines of defense approach with (a)

operations and business controls as the first line of defense; (b)

internal governance including Compliance Risk Management

as the second line; and (c) Internal Audit being the third line of

defense to ensure a strong compliance culture at all levels.

Infographics enhance accessibility and understanding of

complex sustainability concepts, empowering employees to

contribute to the Bank’s sustainable objectives.

• Upskilling of Staff: The Bank is committed to upskilling its

staff. Four team members have obtained a certificate in ESG

investing from the CFA Institute, while three members hold

the UNEP FI Environmental & Social Risk Analyses certification.

These accomplishments reflect the Bank’s dedication to

staying at the forefront of sustainable finance and promoting

responsible banking practices.

G. Employee Volunteering:

In November 2022, the Bank introduced its inaugural employee

volunteering policy, highlighting its commitment to fostering

a vibrant and unified approach to volunteering across the

organization. By encouraging employees to contribute their time

and expertise to support communities in need, the Bank promotes

a culture of giving back and making a positive difference. To

facilitate employee volunteering, the Bank launched a dedicated

portal in January 2023, providing a platform for employees to

choose volunteering activities aligned with their interests and

skills. In FY2023, the Bank’s employees collectively dedicated

approximately 4,000 hours to volunteering, demonstrating their

passion for making meaningful contributions to society.

The Bank strives to align its strategic focus areas with its

sustainability commitments. In line with its commitment to

transparency and accountability, the Bank has been publishing

an Integrated Report for six years. This report serves as a

comprehensive communication tool, illustrating how the Bank’s

strategy, governance, performance, and prospects generate long-

term value. Prepared voluntarily in adherence to SEBI Circular No.

SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2017/10 dated February 6, 2017, the

Integrated Report showcases the Bank’s value creation story. The

latest Integrated Report, highlighting the Bank’s green initiatives,

is available on its website:

https://www.indusind.com/in/en/sustainability.html

83

Corporate Overview

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements:

Dear Shareholders,

The Board of Directors of the Bank have pleasure in presenting the Twenty-Ninth Annual Report of IndusInd Bank Limited (the Bank) covering

business and operations of the Bank, together with the Audited Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2023.

The financial performance for the year ended March 31, 2023 is summarized as under:

(` in crores)

Particulars

As on

March 31, 2023

As on

March 31, 2022

Deposits

3,36,438.14

2,93,681.35

Advances

2,89,923.68

2,39,051.53

Operating Profit (before Provisions and Contingencies)

14,346.48

12,775.75

Net Profit

7,389.72

4,611.12

The Bank demonstrated traction in operating performance metrics, like disbursements, resource mobilization through deposits, growth in

operating profit, and better asset quality.

Our deposits grew by 14.56% while loan growth accelerated to 21.28% for the year. Balance sheet footage crossed `4.5 trillion mark as of

March 31, 2023.

The Bank maintained healthy profitability amidst a challenging operating environment, with improvement in operating profit before

provisions and contingencies by 12.29% (i.e., `14,346.48 crores from `12,775.75 crores in Previous Year). Net Interest Margin of the Bank

stood at 4.27%. Further, total Provisions and Contingencies decreased by 14.79% from `8,164.63 crores to `6,956.77 crores. The net profit

increased to `7,389.72 crores, as against `4,611.12 crores in the Previous Year.

Appropriations

The Directors recommend appropriation of Profit as under:

(` in crores)

Operating Profit before Provisions and Contingencies

14,346.48

Less: Provisions and Contingencies inclusive of Income Tax

6,956.76

Net Profit

7,389.72

Profit Brought Forward

18,923.15

Amount available for Appropriation

26,312.87

Transfer to Statutory Reserve

1,847.43

Transfer to Capital Reserve

10.19

Dividend Paid

658.89

Transfer to investment fluctuation reserve account

3.00

Total Appropriations

2,519.51

Balance carried over to Balance Sheet

23,793.36

Dividend

The Earning Per Share (EPS) of the Bank during the year

showed an improvement to `95.32 compared to `59.57 in the

Previous Year.

The Board of Directors, in their meeting held on April 24, 2023,

have recommended dividend of `14.00 per equity share of `10

each (140% of Face Value) for the year ended March 31, 2023

(Dividend for the year 2021-22 was `8.50 per equity share of `10

each). This proposal is subject to the approval of the shareholders

at the ensuing 29th Annual General Meeting.

Dividend declared in the current year is in line with the Dividend

Distribution Policy of the Bank. The Dividend Distribution Policy

of the Bank can be accessed from Bank’s website at:

https://www.indusind.com/content/dam/indusind-corporate/

investor-resource/PoliciesoftheBank/IndusInd-Bank-Limited-

Dividend-Distribution-Policy.pdf

Financial performance and state of the affairs of the

Bank

The year under review was the last year of the Triennial Planning

Cycle of the Bank, (Planning Cycle 5, for Financial Years 2020-23)

with the theme “Digitize to Differentiate, Diversify and Create

Domain Expertise Underscored by Sustainability (4D+S)”.The

focus of the Bank during the year under review was towards

building resilience, fortifying the Balance Sheet, Scaling up

Domains of Expertise, Investing in New Growth Engines, Loan

Disbursement acceleration driven by retail businesses, Expanding

Network, Human Capital mobilization, Maintaining Credit Quality,

Building Robust Retail Deposit Franchise, Leveraging Deep Rural

Distribution and Leapfrog Digital Banking. While Deposits grew by

14.56% year-on-year (with CASA improving by 7.47%), Advances

grew by 21.28% over the Previous Year, and the Bank continued to

maintain Liquidity Coverage Ratio above statutory requirements.:

Managing Director & CEO.

(a) Non-Executive, Independent Directors

All Independent Directors have submitted a declaration

that they meet the criteria of independence as laid down

under sub-section (6) of Section 149 of the Companies Act,

2013. In compliance with Regulation 25 of the Securities and

Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 [SEBI Listing Regulations],

and based on these Declarations, the following Non-

Executive Directors continue to be identified as Independent

Directors as on March 31, 2023:

1.

Mr. Sunil Mehta

2.

Mr. Shanker Annaswamy

3.

Dr. T. T. Ram Mohan

4.

Mrs. Akila Krishnakumar

5.

Mr. Rajiv Agarwal

6.

Mr. Sanjay Asher

7.

Mrs. Bhavna Doshi

8.

Mr. Jayant Deshmukh

9.

Mr. Pradeep Udhas

Pursuant to Regulation 25(9) of SEBI Listing Regulations,

the Bank’s Board of Directors have also obtained a

Certificate from M/s Alwyn Jay & Co., Practicing Company

Secretaries, that the aforesaid Directors meet the ‘Criteria of

Independence’ and are independent of the Management.

The said Certificate is furnished at Annexure I, and forms an

integral part of this Report.

(b) Woman Director

In terms of the provisions of Section 149 of the Companies

Act, 2013, read with Rule 3 of the Companies (Appointment

and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, and Regulation

17 of SEBI Listing Regulations, specified companies are

required to have at least one Woman Director on their Board.

Details of the Women Independent Directors are as

under:

Mrs. Akila Krishnakumar (DIN: 06629992), who joined the

Board on August 10, 2018, is a Non-Executive, Independent

Woman Director of the Bank. Mrs. Akila Krishnakumar is

the Chairperson of the Compensation and Nomination &

Remuneration Committee, Customer Service Committee,

Vigilance Committee and Corporate Social Responsibility

& Sustainability Committee. Mrs. Akila Krishnakumar is also

a Member of the I.T. Strategy Committee and the Review

Committee (for identification of Non-Cooperative Borrowers

and Wilful Defaulters).

Mrs. Bhavna Doshi (DIN: 00400508), who joined the

Board on January 14, 2020, is a Non-Executive, Independent

Woman Director of the Bank. Mrs. Bhavna Doshi is the

Chairperson of the Audit Committee of the Board, and a

Member of the Finance Committee, Stakeholders’ Relations’

Committee, Risk Management Committee, and Special

Committee (for monitoring large value frauds).

•

Appointment/ Re-appointment of Directors

Pursuant to the recommendation of the Compensation

and Nomination & Remuneration Committee (C&NRC),

the Board of Directors have appointed/ re-appointed the

following Directors:

•

Mr.

Pradeep

Udhas

(DIN:

02207112):

The

Shareholders

of

the

Bank

had,

at

the

28th Annual General Meeting held on August 19, 2022,

approved the appointment of Mr. Pradeep Udhas as

Non-Executive, Independent Director of the Bank, for

a period of four consecutive years, with effect from

June 9, 2022 up to June 8, 2026 (both days inclusive).

In accordance with Section 149(13) of the Companies

Act, 2013, Mr. Pradeep Udhas is not liable to retire by

rotation.

•

Mrs. Akila Krishnakumar (DIN: 06629992): The

Shareholders of the Bank had, at the 28th Annual

General Meeting held on August 19, 2022, approved

the re-appointment of Mrs. Akila Krishnakumar as

Non-Executive, Independent Director of the Bank, for

a second term of four consecutive years, with effect

from August 10, 2022 up to August 9, 2026 (both days

inclusive). In accordance with Section 149(13) of the

Companies Act, 2013, Mrs. Akila Krishnakumar is not

liable to retire by rotation.

•

Mr. Rajiv Agarwal (DIN: 00336487): The Board

of Directors had, at their meeting held on January

18, 2023, approved the re-appointment of Mr. Rajiv

Agarwal as Non-Executive, Independent Director of

the Bank, for a second term of four consecutive years,

with effect from March 15, 2023 up to March 14, 2027

(both days inclusive), subject to the approval of the

Shareholders of the Bank.

The Shareholders of the Bank had, on February 27,

2023, approved the re-appointment of Mr. Rajiv

Agarwal as Non-Executive, Independent Director, by

passing of a Special Resolution through Postal Ballot.

In accordance with Section 149(13) of the Companies

Act, 2013, Mr. Rajiv Agarwal is not liable to retire by

rotation.

•

Mr. Sunil Mehta (DIN: 00065343): The Board of

Directors had, at their meeting held on January 30,

2023, approved the appointment of Mr. Sunil Mehta as

Additional Director in the capacity of Non-Executive,

Independent Director and Part-time Chairman of the

Bank, with effect from January 31, 2023 up to January

30, 2026 (both days inclusive), i.e., for a tenure of 3

years, as approved by Reserve Bank of India vide: letter

dated January 25, 2023.

The Shareholders of the Bank had, on April 6, 2023,

approved the appointment of Mr. Sunil Mehta as

Non-Executive, Independent Director and Part-

time

Managing Director & CEO of

the Bank with effect from March 24, 2023, subject to

approval of Reserve Bank of India and the Shareholders

of the Bank.

Reserve Bank of India had, vide: letter dated March 10,

2023, approved the re-appointment of Mr. Sumant

Kathpalia as the Managing Director & CEO of the Bank

for a further period of 2 years, with effect from March

24, 2023 up to March 23, 2025 (both days inclusive).

The Shareholders of the Bank had, on June 6, 2023,

approved the re-appointment of Mr. Sumant Kathpalia

as Managing Director & CEO of the Bank, with effect

from March 24, 2023 up to March 23, 2025 (both

days inclusive), by passing of an Ordinary Resolution

through Postal Ballot. Mr. Sumant Kathpalia being

a Non-Independent Director, is liable to retire by

rotation.

•

Mr. Arun Khurana (DIN: 00075189): The Board of

Directors had, at their meeting held on June 28, 2023,

recommended the appointment of Mr. Arun Khurana,

Deputy CEO of the Bank, as Additional Director, in

the capacity of Executive Director, (i.e., Whole-time

Director) of the Bank, for a period of 3 years, with

effect from such date or such other period, subject to

approval of Reserve Bank of India, at a remuneration as

may be approved by Reserve Bank of India and subject

to approval of the Shareholders of the Bank.

•

Retirement by Rotation

In compliance with Section 152 of the Companies

Act, 2013, Mr. Sumant Kathpalia (DIN: 01054434),

Managing Director & CEO of the Bank, will retire by

rotation at the ensuing Annual General Meeting, and

is eligible for re-appointment.

A resolution seeking approval of the Shareholders for

Mr. Sumant Kathpalia’s re-appointment, forms part

of the Notice of this Annual General Meeting. A brief

Resume of Mr. Kathpalia is furnished in the Report

on Corporate Governance for information of the

Shareholders.

As required under Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI

Listing Regulations, particulars of Directors seeking

appointment/ re-appointment, as aforesaid, are given

in the Annexure to the Statement attached to the

Notice convening the 29th Annual General Meeting,

which forms part of the Annual Report.

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 164 of the

Companies Act, 2013, none of the Directors have been

disqualified from being appointed as ‘Director’ of the

Bank.

In terms of Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V of

the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Bank has obtained

a Certificate from M/s Alwyn Jay & Co., Practicing

Company Secretaries, confirming that none of the

Directors on the Board of the Bank have been debarred

or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as

Directors of the companies, either by the SEBI or the

MCA or any other statutory/ regulatory authorities.

The said Certificate is attached as Annexure II to this

Report.

STATEMENT REGARDING OPINION OF THE BOARD WITH

REGARD TO INTEGRITY, EXPERTISE AND EXPERIENCE

OF THE INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS APPOINTED DURING

THE YEAR:

The Independent Directors appointed/re-appointed during the

year were subject to due diligence by the Compensation and

Nomination & Remuneration Committee, based on parameters

of qualification, expertise, track record, integrity and such other

parameters as stipulated under the extant norms prescribed by

the Reserve Bank of India.

Based on the recommendation of the Compensation and

Nomination & Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors

have, after conducting their own assessment, opined that the

Independent Directors, appointed/ re-appointed during the year,

possess the necessary integrity, expertise and experience, and that

their appointment/ re-appointment, is in the interest of the Bank.

•

Cessation of Directors during the year under review

Mr. Arun Tiwari (DIN: 05345547) ceased to be Part-time

Managing Director of the

Bank, are given under the Corporate Governance Report, which

forms part of the Annual Report.

Particulars of Loans, Guarantees or Investments

outstanding

Pursuant to Section 186(11) of the Companies Act, 2013, loans

made, guarantees given, securities provided or acquisition of

securities by a banking company in the ordinary course of its

business are exempted from the disclosure requirement under

Section 134(3)(g) of the Companies Act, 2013.

Particulars of Contracts or Arrangements with Related

Parties

All transactions entered with ‘Related Parties’ during the year

under review were conducted on an ‘arm’s length basis’ and in the

‘ordinary course of business’ of the Bank, and therefore does not

attract the provisions of Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013.

Further, there are no materially significant Related Party

Transactions entered by the Bank during the year under review,

with any of its Related Parties, viz., Promoters, Directors, Key

Management Personnel, Subsidiary and other related entities

including IMFS, an Associate Company, which may have potential

conflict with the interest of the Bank at large.

In view of the above, the disclosure under Form AOC-2 is not

applicable to the Bank.

The policy on Related Party Transactions as approved by the

Board of Directors has been hosted on the Bank’s website at:

https://www.indusind.com/in/en/investors/investor-landing/

investor-resources.html >>Policies & Codes >> Related Party

Transaction Policy

Consolidated Financial Statements

In accordance with Section 129 (3) of the Act, Consolidated

Financial Statements comprising financial statements of IndusInd

Bank Limited (‘the Bank’), Bharat Financial Inclusion Limited

(formerly known as IndusInd Financial Inclusion Limited) (“BFIL”)

(“the Subsidiary”) and IndusInd Marketing and Financial Services:

Managing Director & CEO

24/03/2020

Ensuring the eligibility for the appointment/ continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management of the Bank.

Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on our verification. This certificate is neither an assurance as to the future viability

of the Bank nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Bank.

ALWYN JAY & Co.

Company Secretaries

Sd/-

[Alwyn D’Souza, FCS.5559]

[Partner]

Place : Mumbai

[Certificate of Practice No.5137]

Date : July 20,2023

[UDIN :F005559E000645385]

Office Address:

Annex-103, Dimple Arcade,

Asha Nagar, Kandivali (East),

Mumbai 400101.:

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this report.:

letter.

1.

The compliance of provisions of all laws, rules, regulations, standards applicable to IndusInd Bank Ltd. (hereinafter called ‘the Bank’)

is the responsibility of the management of the Bank. Our examination was limited to the verification of records and procedures on test

check basis for the purpose of issue of the Secretarial Audit Report.

2.

Maintenance of secretarial and other records of applicable laws is the responsibility of the management of the Bank. Our responsibility

is to issue Secretarial Audit Report, based on the audit of the relevant records maintained and furnished to us by the Bank, along with

explanations where so required.

3.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the

contents of the secretarial and other legal records, legal compliance mechanism and corporate conduct. Further part of the verification

was done on the basis of electronic data provided to us by the Bank and on test check basis to ensure that correct facts as reflected in

secretarial and other records produced to us. We believe that the processes and practices we followed, provides a reasonable basis for

our opinion for the purpose of issue of the Secretarial Audit Report.

4.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Bank.

5.

Wherever required, we have obtained the management representation about list of applicable laws, compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and major events during the audit period.

6.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Bank nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which

the management has conducted the affairs of the Bank.

ALWYN JAY & Co.

Company Secretaries

Sd/-

[Alwyn D’Souza, FCS.5559]

[Partner]

Place : Mumbai

[Certificate of Practice No.5137]

Date : July 20, 2023

[UDIN : F005559E000645495]

Office Address:

Annex-103, Dimple Arcade,

Asha Nagar, Kandivali (East),

Mumbai 400101.:

Managing Director &

CEO, Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary

Name of KMP

Number

of options

granted

Exercise Price

5,916,403 Mr. Sumant Kathpalia

48,720 (Exercise

Price- 784.05)

Mr. Gobind Jain

10,668 (Exercise

Price 1142.50)

(b)

Any other employee who receives a grant in any

one year of options amounting to 5% or more of the

options granted during the year. (Refer Table A)

Name of employees

Number of options granted

5,018,232 Mr. Arun Khurana

88,898 (Exercise

Price 1142.5)

Mr. Samir Dewan

150000 (Exercise

Price 1216.55)

(c)

Identified employees who were granted option,

during any one year equal to or exceeding 1% of the

issued capital (excluding outstanding warrants and

conversions) of the Bank at the time of grant.

No such options granted to any employee.

Note to “Table A”

1.

Mr. Arun Khurana

33% of these Options will vest on

28-Oct-23

33% of these Options will vest on

28-Oct-24

34% of these Options will vest on

28-Oct-25

2

Mr. Samir Dewan

Note to “Table A”

33% of these Options will vest on

23-Sep-23

33% of these Options will vest on

23-Sep-24

34% of these Options will vest on

23-Sep-25

ANNEXURE IV TO THE DIRECTORS’ REPORT:

Managing Director & CEO

163x

Mr. Arun Tiwari, Non-Executive Part-time Chairman*

5.44x

Mr. Sunil Mehta, Non-Executive Part-time Chairman#

1.09x

* Mr. Arun Tiwari ceased to be Non-Executive, Non-Independent, Part-time Chairman of the Bank, from the close of business hours on January 30, 2023.

# Mr. Sunil Mehta was appointed Non-Executive, Part-time Chairman of the Bank with effect from January 31, 2023.

Notes:

1.

The ratio pertains to the fixed remuneration of the KMP and Directors to the median fixed remuneration of the Bank’s employees

for FY23.

2.

The ratio of remuneration paid to Mr. Arun Tiwari and Mr. Sunil Mehta, is based on payment of fixed remuneration, and does not

include the Sitting Fees paid.

Details about Remuneration paid to the: Managing Director & CEO are given in the Report on Corporate Governance, which forms an

integral part of the Annual Report.

In addition to the Sitting Fees paid for attending the meetings of the Board and of various Committees of the Board, all Non-Executive

Directors (other than the

Managing Director and CEO): Managing

Managing Director & CEO

(DIN: 01054434)

Sd/-

Akila Krishnakumar

Chairperson

CSR&S Committee

(DIN: 06629992):

Managing Director & CEO and the

Chief Financial Officer

In compliance with Regulation 17(8) of the SEBI Listing

Regulations, certification by the: Managing

Managing Director & CEO.

As on March 31, 2023, the Bank’s Board comprised of ten

Directors, viz., Mr. Sunil Mehta, Non-Executive, Independent

Director and Part-time Chairman, Mr. Sumant Kathpalia,: Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer (MD&CEO), and

eight Directors in the category of Non-Executive Independent,

viz., Mr. Shanker Annaswamy, Dr. T. T. Ram Mohan, Mrs. Akila

Krishnakumar, Mr. Rajiv Agarwal, Mr. Sanjay Asher, Mrs. Bhavna

Doshi, Mr. Jayant Deshmukh and Mr. Pradeep Udhas. The Board

is led by Non-Executive Independent Director and Part-time

Managing Director

SPM Capital Advisors Pvt. Ltd.

Mr.Shanker

Annaswamy

00449634

Non-Executive,

Independent

Information Technology,

Human Resources, Risk

Management and Business

Management

Professional.

Former: Managing Director of IBM

India Pvt. Ltd.

Dr. T. T. Ram Mohan

00008651

Non-Executive,

Independent

Banking, Finance, Economics

and Risk Management

Retired as Professor – Finance &

Accounting, IIM, Ahmedabad.

Mrs. Akila

Krishnakumar

06629992

Non-Executive,

Independent

Information Technology and

Payments and Settlement

Systems, Human Resources and

Business Management

Professional.

Mr. Rajiv Agarwal

00336487

Non-Executive,

Independent

Small Scale Industry

Industrialist.

Mr. Sanjay Asher

00008221

Non-Executive,

Independent

Law & Accountancy

Practicing Advocate, Senior Partner

with M/s Crawford Bayley & Co.

Mrs. Bhavna Doshi

00400508

Non-Executive,

Independent

Accountancy and Risk

Management

Consulting and Advisory Services.

Partner, Bhavna Doshi Associates LLP.

Mr. Jayant Deshmukh 08697679

Non-Executive,

Independent

Agriculture & Rural Economy

and Co-operation

Retired as Director of Agriculture,

Government of Maharashtra.

Mr. Pradeep Udhas2

02207112

Non-Executive,

Independent

Finance, Technology and

Business Management

Professional.

Senior Advisor to KPMG India

Managing Director & CEO

Appointment/ Re-appointment of the: Managing

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

(Members of the Core Executive Team); and

5.

To review the HR strategy, Performance Appraisal

process, fundamental changes in the Organization

Structure, Training and the overall HR function.

Composition: As on March 31, 2023, the Compensation

and Nomination & Remuneration Committee comprised of

four members, viz., Mrs. Akila Krishnakumar (Chairperson),

Mr. Sunil Mehta , Mr. Rajiv Agarwal, and Mr. Sanjay Asher.

All the members of Compensation and Nomination &

Remuneration Committee are Independent Directors.

Meetings:

The

Compensation

and

Nomination

&

Remuneration Committee met seventeen times during the

financial year 2022-2023: On May 6, 2022, June 6, 2022, June

21, 2022, July 15, 2022, July 29, 2022, September 9, 2022,

September 23, 2022, September 30, 2022, October 13, 2022,

October 21, 2022, October 31, 2022, November 11, 2022,

December 14, 2022, January 17, 2023, January 30, 2023,

March 2, 2023, and March 28, 2023.:

Letter of Appointment has been issued to the Independent Directors of the Bank, at the time of their appointment/ re-

appointment, in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI Listing Regulations.

The terms and conditions of appointment of Independent Directors has been hosted on the Bank’s website at:

https://www.indusind.com/in/en/investors/investor-landing/investor-resources.html#policies-and-codes

Senior management: Particulars of senior management including the changes therein since the close of the previous financial

year:

Sr. No.

Name

Designation

1.

Mr. Sumant Kathpalia: Managing

Managing Director & CEO, and of the Non-Executive,

Part-time Chairman. The framework was recommended

by the Compensation and Nomination & Remuneration

Committee of the Board, and was approved by the Board.

The process of performance evaluation adopted by the Bank

is in line with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, and

the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015.

SEBI had, vide their Circular dated January 5, 2017, issued

the ‘Guidance Note on Board Evaluation’. The Compensation

and Nomination & Remuneration Committee of the

Board reviewed the criteria and process for Performance

Evaluation of the Board and its Committees, with a view to

align it with SEBI’s Guidance Note and accordingly enhanced

the set standards for Performance Evaluation, method of

Assessment, etc.

The Bank, on the recommendation of the Compensation

and Nomination & Remuneration Committee, engaged

an external professional agency for conducting the

Performance Evaluation exercise.

Annual Performance Evaluation exercise for FY 2022-23 had

been carried out by engagement of an external professional

agency, which is specialised in Board evaluation processes

and provided the convenience of mutual evaluation, along

with anonymity.

Under the Guidance of the professional agency that

specialise in Board Evaluation:

•

The Compensation and Nomination & Remuneration

Committee evaluated the performance of the Board

as a whole, that of the Committees of the Board, the

Non-Executive Independent, Part-time Chairman of

the Board and the individual Directors of the Bank.

•

Performance of Independent Directors including

fulfilment of Independence criteria as specified under

SEBI Listing Regulations and their independence from

the management and of the Chairman was evaluated

by the entire Board, excluding the Director being

evaluated.

•

Performance of the entire Board was evaluated based

on inputs from individual Directors on the basis of

criteria such as Board composition and structure,

effectiveness of Board processes, information and

functioning, and other attributes such as discharging

of

roles

and

functions,

professional

conduct,

governance, etc.

•

Performance of the Committees of the Board was

evaluated after seeking inputs from the Directors,

and evaluation was done on the basis of criteria

such as composition of the Committee, roles

and responsibilities, effectiveness of Committee

meetings, etc.

•

Performance of Chairman of the Board, was reviewed

taking into account the views of the Executive

Director and Non-Executive Directors and that of

the Non-Independent Directors was reviewed by

the Independent Directors in a separate meeting of

Independent Directors, who had also reviewed the

performance of the Board as a whole.

The Chairman of the Board provided feedback to the

Directors on individual basis, taking into account the report

of the external agency, and the significant highlights,

learnings and action points with respect to the evaluation

exercise, were discussed amongst the Board members.

In accordance with Section 178 of the Companies Act,

2013, the Board has formulated and adopted the policy

on Performance Evaluation of the Board and a policy for

Selection and Appointment of Directors which has been

hosted on the Bank’s website at: https://www.indusind.

com/in/en/investors/investor-landing/investor-resources.

html#policies-and-codes

Familiarization Programme for Independent Directors

An appropriate Induction Programme for new Directors

and ongoing familiarization with respect to the business/

working of the Bank for all Directors is a major contributor

for meaningful Board-level deliberations and sound

business decisions.

In compliance with the requirement of the SEBI Listing

Regulations, the Bank has formulated a Familiarization

Programme for Independent Directors. The said Programme

aims to provide to the Independent Directors an insight into

the Bank’s functioning, to help them understand its business

in depth, roles and responsibilities of Independent Directors,

and industry overview, so as to help them contribute

significantly during the deliberations in the Board/

Committee meetings and facilitate active participation in

managing of the Bank.

As part of the agenda of Board/ Committee Meetings,

presentations are made to Independent Directors on an

ongoing basis on various matters covering the Bank’s

business and operations, industry and regulatory updates,

strategy, finance, the risk management framework, etc.:

Letter

of Appointment is given to him/ her, which explains the

role, function, duties and responsibilities expected of him/

her as a Director of the Bank. Inputs include orientation

programme upon induction of new Directors, as well as

other initiatives to update the Directors on an on-going

process, including talks by external domain experts.

Details of the Familiarisation Programme for Independent

Directors has been hosted on the Bank’s website at:

https://www.indusind.com/in/en/investors/investor-

landing/investor-resources.html and then follow the

mentioned path:

Investor > Investor Relations > Corporate Governance >

Familiarisation Programme for Independent Directors.

Policy for Selection and Appointment of Directors

The Board of Directors are at the helm of the Bank, and

an enlightened Board creates a culture of leadership and

provides a long-term policy approach to enhance the

quality of governance.

The policy for Selection and Appointment of Directors

(the policy) shall act as a guideline for determining the

qualifications,

positive

attributes,

independence

of

Directors, and matters relating to the appointment and

removal of Directors.

The policy has been formulated and adopted, in terms of

the provisions of Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013,

the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015, Section 10A of the Banking Regulation

Act, 1949 and the Guidelines issued by the RBI, in this regard,

from time to time.

The policy sets out the guiding principles for identifying

persons who are qualified to become Directors, to determine

the independence of Directors and the manner of selection

and appointment/reappointment of Directors.

The policy for Selection and Appointment of Directors has

been hosted on the Bank’s website at:

https://www.indusind.com/in/en/investors/investor-

landing/investor-resources.html#policies-and-codes

Board Diversity Policy

The Bank has benefited from the guidance and strategic

direction of eminent persons from diverse fields as Directors

in its Board.

The ‘Board Diversity Policy’ was formulated in 2015 to

ensure diversity of experience, knowledge, perspective,

background, gender, age and culture. The primary objective

of this Policy is to provide a framework for building a Board

that would contribute to the achievement of the Bank’s

strategic and commercial objectives.

The Bank believes that a professional Board that possesses

diverse skills, varied experience and expertise enhances

the quality and speed of decision-making processes, which

benefits all stakeholders.

RBI have, vide their Circular dated November 24, 2016,

advised banks to broaden the fields of specialization

of persons who could be considered for appointment

as ‘Director’, viz., Information Technology, Payment &

Settlement Systems, Human Resources, Risk Management,

and Business Development and Management.

The Board Diversity Policy includes the said skill sets as part

of the criteria for induction as a Director on the Board of the

Bank.

Board Diversity Policy has been hosted on the Bank’s

website, at:

https://www.indusind.com/in/en/investors/investor-

landing/investor-resources.html#policies-and-codes

Succession Planning Policy for the Board of Directors of

the Bank

The Bank has formulated and adopted the Succession

Planning Policy for the Board of Directors of the Bank.

The objective of the policy is to inter alia assess, identify and

nominate suitable candidates to fill vacancies that may arise

for positions of the non-executive chairperson, independent

directors, MD&CEO, whole-time directors of the Bank, from

time to time.

The Board considers the profile, skill set, experience,

expertise, functional capabilities, and other relevant

information and adherence to the fit and proper norms. The

objective is to provide the Board with members who have

diverse knowledge, practical experience and requisite skill

set to serve the business interests of the Bank and overall

effectiveness of the Board.

Policy for Determining Material Subsidiary Companies

The Bank does not have a material subsidiary, however, it

has formulated and adopted the policy for determining

material subsidiary companies, in terms of the SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,

2015, as amended.

The policy for determining material subsidiaries has been

hosted on the Bank’s website at:

https://www.indusind.com/in/en/investors/investor-

landing/investor-resources.html#policies-and-codes

Policy on Related Party Transactions

All transactions with related parties were in the ordinary

course of business and on an arm’s length pricing basis.

Suitable disclosure as required under the Accounting

Standards (AS 18) has been made in the Notes to the

Financial Statements. The details of the transactions with

related parties are placed before the Audit Committee from

time to time.

In terms of Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 and

Regulation 23 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirement) Regulations, 2015, the Bank has formulated

the ‘Policy on Related Party Transactions’.:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer (MD&CEO) of the Bank.

Votes in favour of Resolution

Votes against the Resolution

Invalid Votes

Number of

members

voted

Number of votes

cast by them

% of total

number of

valid votes

cast

Number of

members

voted

Number of

votes cast by

them

% of total

number of

valid votes

cast

Number of

members

voted

Number of

votes cast

by them

2111

48,53,42,001

92.70

234

3,82,34,628

7.30

NIL

NIL

Material Disclosures

Related Party Transactions: During the year, there were no materially significant transactions with related parties that could have

had any potential for conflict with the interests of the Bank at large.

Accounting Standards: In the preparation of Financial Statements for the year 2022-23, the treatment prescribed in the Accounting

Standards issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India from time to time has been followed by the Bank.

Disqualification of Directors: As on March 31, 2023, none of the Directors of the Bank were disqualified under the provisions of

Section 164 (2) of the Companies Act, 2013.

Certificate dated July 20, 2023 issued by M/s Alwyn Jay & Co., Practicing Company Secretaries (COP No.: 5137) has been received

confirming that none of the Directors of the Bank have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as directors

of the Bank by Securities and Exchange Board of India/ Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such authority.

Copy of the Certificate is annexed to the Directors’ Report.

Recommendation of the Committees of the Board not accepted by the Board in the financial year:

During the year under review, there were no instance of recommendations made by the Committees of Board, which was mandatory

as per its terms of reference, which were not adopted by the Board.

Confirmation by Board of Independence of Directors

The Board of directors, at its meeting held on June 27, 2023, reviewed the declarations relating to their independence as submitted

by Mr. Sunil Mehta, Mr. Shanker Annaswamy, Dr. T. T. Ram Mohan, Mrs. Akila Krishnakumar, Mr. Rajiv Agarwal, Mr. Sanjay Asher, Mrs.

Bhavna Doshi, Mr. Jayant Deshmukh & Mr. Pradeep Udhas and concluded that the said Directors meet the criteria of Independence

as specified under Section 149(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

The Board also confirmed that the said Directors, based on their submissions are Independent of the Management and that there were

no circumstances or situations or external influences that could impact or impair their ability to discharge their duties with objective

and independent judgment.

Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013

The Bank has zero tolerance for sexual harassment at workplace and has adopted the policy on Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal

of Sexual Harassment of Women at the Workplace in line with the provisions of the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace:

Managing Director & CEO.

•

The Internal Auditor of the Bank reports directly to the

Audit Committee of the Board.

•

The Bank hosted its Quarterly/ Annual Financial

Results on its website (www.indusind.com) which

is accessible to the public at large. Besides this,

the Financial Results are published in newspapers,

apart from being reported on the websites of the

Stock Exchanges. Therefore, the Bank does not find

it expedient to send individual communications to

the shareholders regarding significant events and

financial performance every half-year.

•

Besides the above, email messages and SMS messages

were sent during the year to shareholders whose email

IDs and cell phone numbers were available with the

Bank, informing them about declaration of the Bank’s

Quarterly and Annual Financial Results. The Bank

has continued the exercise of collecting the email

IDs of shareholders wherever not available, so as to

communicate more regularly with them via email.

Prevention of Insider Trading

In compliance with the SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading)

Regulations, 2015, the Bank had accordingly amended

the undermentioned Codes to align with the standards

prescribed under the Regulations:

•

Code of Conduct to Regulate, Monitor and Report

Trading by Designated Persons in Securities of the

Bank (‘the Insider Trading Code’); and

•

Code of Practices and Procedures for Fair Disclosure

of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information (‘Fair

Disclosure Code’).

The Bank has formulated the ‘Policy on procedures for

conducting an inquiry in the event of leak or suspected leak

of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information (UPSI).’

In order to promote e-governance within the Bank, the Bank:

Managing Director and members of the

Core Management Team.

Analysts’ Meets and conference calls with the analyst and

investor fraternity are also held periodically. A transcript of

the quarterly calls post financial results and copies of the

presentations made to Institutional Investors and Analysts

are hosted on the Bank’s website.

Information relating to the Financial Results is also hosted

under the “Investors” section on Bank’s website (www.

indusind.com). The said section is updated regularly.

Quarterly compliance reports on Corporate Governance

as prescribed under Regulation 27 of the SEBI Listing

Regulations and the Shareholding Pattern of the Bank

as prescribed under Regulation 31 of the SEBI Listing

Regulations are also filed through NSE Electronic Application

Processing System (NEAPS) and BSE Listing Centre.

In compliance with the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Board of

Directors have approved a ‘Policy for determining Materiality

of Events/ Information’ for the purpose of making disclosure

to the Stock Exchanges.

The Bank had also formulated an “Archival Policy” for hosting

of Regulatory Information/ Disclosures on the website of the

Bank and ‘Policy for Preservation of Documents and other

Statutory Records’. The said Policies has been hosted on the

Bank’s website at:

https://www.indusind.com/in/en/investors/investor-

landing/investor-resources.html#policies-and-codes

All disclosures made to the Stock Exchanges are also

available on the Bank’s website under the heading

‘Corporate Announcements’.

Subsidiary and Associate Company

Bharat Financial Inclusion Limited (BFIL) is a wholly-

owned subsidiary of the Bank, is a Business Correspondent

for financial inclusion activities, and is engaged in loan

origination,

post-loan

origination

services,

deposit

mobilisation and remittance services.

IndusInd Marketing and Financial Services Private Limited

(IMFS) is an Associate Company of the Bank and is engaged

in the business of providing manpower services.

Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report

As per SEBI Listing Regulations, the Business Responsibility

and Sustainability Report (“BRSR”) shall form part of the

Directors’ Report.

The Bank has provided BRSR, which indicates the Bank’s

performance against the principles of the ‘National

Guidelines on Responsible Business Conduct’. This would

enable the Members to have an insight into environmental,

social and governance initiatives of the Bank.

In view of the above and in compliance with Regulation

34(2) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the BRSR, has been

hosted on the Bank’s website at: https://www.indusind.

com/in/en/sustainability.html

Corporate Social Responsibility

The Bank has constituted a ‘Corporate Social Responsibility

& Sustainability’ (CSR&S) Committee of the Board in

compliance with the Companies Act, 2013 and the relevant

rules made thereunder, as amended. In the ninth year of

CSR reporting, under the statute of the Companies Act,

2013, the Bank continued building up it’s Flagship Project in

aspirational districts and simultaneously deepened its roots

in strategic focus areas of Sustainable Environment, Sports,

Education, Healthcare, Livelihood, Skill Development, and

Other areas of special interest.

Sustainability-driven Growth:

letter No.SEBI/HO/MIRSD/POD-1/OW/P/2022/

64923 dated December 30, 2022, had issued Guidelines with

respect to procedural aspects of ‘Suspense Escrow Demat

Account’ to be opened by listed entities pursuant to SEBI

Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/6

dated January 25, 2022, latest by January 31, 2023.

The Bank has opened the Suspense Escrow Demat Account

within the stipulated timeline.

Dispute Resolution Mechanism:

SEBI, vide its Circular No.SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/

CIR/2022/76 dated May 30, 2022, issued a Standard

Operating Procedure (SOP) for dispute resolution under

the stock exchange arbitration mechanism for disputes

between a listed company and/or registrars to an issue and

share transfer agents and its shareholder(s)/investor(s).

Share Capital Audit

Pursuant to Regulation 40(9) of the SEBI Listing Regulations,

the Practicing Company Secretary has examined the records

relating to Share Transfer Deeds, Registers and other related

documents on a yearly basis and has certified compliance

with the provisions of the above Regulation. The Certificates

are submitted to BSE and NSE where the Bank’s Equity

Shares are listed.

As required by SEBI, Share Capital Audit is conducted

by a Practising Company Secretaries (Independent

External Auditor) on a quarterly basis, for the purpose of

reconciliation of the total admitted Equity Share Capital

with the Depositories, viz., National Securities Depository

Limited (NSDL) and Central Depository Services (India)

Limited (CDSL) and in the physical form with the total

Issued/ Paid-up Equity Capital of the Bank. The Auditor’s

Certificate in this regard has been submitted to BSE Ltd. and

the National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. on quarterly basis.

Consolidation of Folios

Shareholders holding shares in different Folios but in

identical name(s) are requested to get their shareholdings

consolidated into one folio by requesting the Bank/ Registrar

for the same. The request must be sent along with Proof of

Identity and Share Certificates.

Registrar & Share Transfer Agent

Link Intime India Pvt. Ltd.

C-101, 247 Park

L.B.S. Marg, Vikhroli (West)

Mumbai – 400083

Contact Person: Mr. Mahesh Masurkar

Tel.: 022 4918 6280/ 022 4918 6000 Fax: 022 4918 6060

Email: rnt.helpdesk@linkintime.co.in

Redressal of Investors’ Grievances:

In order to service the investors in an efficient manner and

to attend to their grievances, the Bank has constituted an

‘Investor Services Cell’ at its undermentioned Office at

Mumbai. Members are requested to contact:

Mr. Raghunath Poojary

Secretarial & Investor Services Cell

IndusInd Bank Ltd.

Building No.7, Ground floor,

Solitaire Corporate Park

167, Guru Hargovindji Marg

Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400093

Tel: 022 6641 2487/ 2359

Mobile: +91 8976792978

Email: investor@indusind.com

For IEPF related matters:

Mr. Anand Kumar Das

Company Secretary, Nodal Officer

IndusInd Bank Ltd.

Tel: 022 66412487/ 66412361/ 66412359

Mobile: +91 8976792978

(available from Monday to Friday from 9:15 a.m. to 6:15

p.m. excluding holidays).

Email: investor@indusind.com

SEBI toll-free helpline service for investors:

Toll-Free Numbers: 1800 22 7575 or 1800 266 7575

(available on all days from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m.

excluding declared holidays).

SEBI investors’ contact for feedback and assistance:

Tel No: 022-26449000,

Email: sebi@sebi.gov.in

Dividends:

The Board of Directors at its meeting held on April 24, 2023,

recommended a Dividend of `14/-per equity share of 10/-

each, fully paid, for the financial year ended March 31, 2023.

Modes of making payment of Dividend through

electronic mode:

The SEBI Listing Regulations have directed that listed

companies shall mandatorily make all payments to

investors including dividend to shareholders, by using any

RBI approved electronic mode of payment, viz., National

Automated Clearing House (NACH), Direct Credit (in case

Bank Account is with IndusInd Bank), RTGS, NEFT, etc.

In order to receive the Dividend without loss of time, all

the eligible shareholders holding shares in Demat mode

are requested to update with their respective Depository:

Managing Director & CEO

Date : July 20, 2023

(DIN: 01054434):

Managing Director & CEO

Date : June 27, 2023

(DIN: 01054434):

Managing Director or any other person authorized by the Board in this regard. * The term “Relative” shall be

as defined under Section 2 (77) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Specification of Definitions Details) Rules, 2014.

Link to Policy: https://www.indusind.com/content/dam/indusind-corporate/investor-resource/PoliciesoftheBank/Code-of-Conduct-

for-Directors-Senior-Management.pdf

5.

Number of Directors/KMPs/employees/workers against whom disciplinary action was taken by any law enforcement agency for

the charges of bribery/ corruption:

FY (2022-23)

FY (2022-23)

PY (2021-22)

PY (2021-22)

Directors

-

-

KMPs

-

-

Employees

-

-

Workers

-

-:

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No: 118580

DIN: 00065343

DIN: 01054434

For M.P. Chitale & Co.

Sanjay Asher

Bhavna Doshi

Chartered Accountants

Director

Director

Firm Registration No: 101851W

DIN: 00008221

DIN: 00400508

per Anagha Thatte

Gobind Jain

Anand Kumar Das

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No: 105525

Place : Mumbai

Date : April 24, 2023:

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No: 118580

DIN: 00065343

DIN: 01054434

For M.P. Chitale & Co.

Sanjay Asher

Bhavna Doshi

Chartered Accountants

Director

Director

Firm Registration No: 101851W

DIN: 00008221

DIN: 00400508

per Anagha Thatte

Gobind Jain

Anand Kumar Das

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No: 105525

Place : Mumbai

Date : April 24, 2023:

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No: 118580

DIN: 00065343

DIN: 01054434

For M.P. Chitale & Co.

Sanjay Asher

Bhavna Doshi

Chartered Accountants

Director

Director

Firm Registration No: 101851W

DIN: 00008221

DIN: 00400508

per Anagha Thatte

Gobind Jain

Anand Kumar Das

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No: 105525

Place : Mumbai

Date : April 24, 2023:

Director's fees, allowances and expenses

6,34,73

4,43,92

VII

Auditor's fees and expenses

3,22,17

2,99,66

VIII Law charges

61,35,29

48,34,67

IX

Postage, Telegrams, Telephones, etc.

155,34,97

149,74,77

X

Repairs and maintenance

352,29,10

332,09,51

XI

Insurance

432,63,61

381,84,30

XII

Other expenditure

6264,94,67

5187,15,30

Total

11412,00,70

9559,29,04:

letter dated June 29, 2022 imposed a monetary penalty of ` One crore on the

Bank under Sections 35, 35A, 46 and 47A of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949 in relation to transactions in accounts opened through

OTP based e-KYC in non-face-to-face mode. In addition, Reserve Bank of India imposed a penalty of `10,000 on November 14, 2022 as

one of the Bank’s ATM had a “cash out” situation for more than 10 hours during August 2022. Also, there were two instances of penalty

of `10,000 each and one instance of penalty of `20,000 levied by Reserve Bank of India on September 19, 2022, December 27, 2022 and

on March 20, 2023 respectively, for non-adherence to the regulatory guidelines pertaining to exchange of mutilated/soiled notes and

coins by branches.

During the year ended March 31, 2022, a penalty of `1 crore was imposed by the Reserve Bank of India for non-adherence with certain

provisions of directions issued by RBI on ‘Lending to Non-Banking Financial Companies (NBFCs)’, ‘Bank Finance to Non-Banking Financial

Companies (NBFCs)’, ‘Loans and Advances – Statutory and Other Restrictions’. Also, Reserve Bank of India imposed penalty of `50,000

vide their: letter 418/08.05.09/2021-22 dated October 04, 2021 for non-reporting of Currency Chest transactions on September 27, 2021.

13. Disclosure on Remuneration

Compensation and Nomination & Remuneration Committee

Effective October 1, 2022, the Compensation Committee was merged with the Nomination and Remuneration Committee (NRC) and

was renamed Compensation and Nomination & Remuneration Committee (C & NRC). The C & NRC presently comprises four members,

all of these members are Independent

Managing Director

Relatives of KMP

Mrs. Ira Kathpalia, Mr. Karan Kathpalia

Associates

IndusInd Marketing and Financial Services Private Limited

Subsidiaries

Bharat Financial Inclusion Limited (formerly IndusInd Financial Inclusion Limited)

b)

Transactions during the year

(` in crores)

Particulars

Parent

(as per

ownership

control)*

Subsidiaries*

Associates/

Joint

Venture*

Key

Management

Personnel*

Relatives

of Key

Management

Personnel

Total

Borrowings

-

-

-

-

-

-

Deposits

-

-

-

-

10.37

10.37

(13.21)

(13.21)

Placement of deposits

-

-

-

-

-

-

Advances

-

-

-

-

-

-

Investment

-

-

-

-

-

-

Non-funded commitments

-

-

-

-

-

-

Leasing/HP arrangements

availed

-

-

-

-

-

-

Leasing/HP arrangements

provided

-

-

-

-

-

-

Purchase of fixed assets

-

-

-

-

-

-

Sale of fixed assets

-

-

-

-

-

-

Interest paid

-

-

-

-

1.33

1.33

Interest received

-

-

-

-

-

-

Rendering of services

-

-

-

-

-

-

Receiving of services

-

-

-

-

-

-

Management contracts

-

-

-

-

-

-

*In accordance with RBI guidelines dated March 29, 2003, details pertaining to the related party transactions have not been provided where

there is only one related party in each of the above categories.:

Managing Director

Relatives of KMP

Mrs. Ira Kathpalia, Mr. Karan Kathpalia

Associates

IndusInd Marketing and Financial Services Private Limited

Subsidiaries

Bharat Financial Inclusion Limited (formerly IndusInd Financial Inclusion Limited)

b)

Transactions during the year

(` in crores)

Particulars

Parent

(as per

ownership

control)*

Subsidiaries*

Associates/

Joint

Venture*

Key

Management

Personnel*

Relatives

of Key

Management

Personnel*

Total

Borrowings

-

-

-

-

-

-

Deposits

-

-

-

-

11.46

11.46

(14.33)

(14.33)

Placement of deposits

-

-

-

-

-

-

Advances

-

-

-

-

-

-

Investment

-

-

-

-

-

-

Non-funded commitments

-

-

-

-

-

-

Leasing/HP arrangements

availed

-

-

-

-

-

Leasing/HP arrangements

provided

-

-

-

-

-

-

Purchase of fixed assets

-

-

-

-

-

-

Sale of fixed assets

-

-

-

-

-

-

Interest paid

-

-

-

-

0.60

0.60

Interest received

-

-

-

-

-

-

Rendering of services

-

-

-

-

-

-

Receiving of services

-

-

-

-

-

-

Management contracts

-

-

-

-

-

-

* In accordance with RBI guidelines dated March 29, 2003, details pertaining to the related party transactions have not been provided where

there is only one related party in each of the above categories.

Figures in parenthesis represent maximum balance outstanding during the year.:

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No: 118580

DIN: 00065343

DIN: 01054434

For M.P. Chitale & Co.

Sanjay Asher

Bhavna Doshi

Chartered Accountants

Director

Director

Firm Registration No: 101851W

DIN: 00008221

DIN: 00400508

per Anagha Thatte

Gobind Jain

Anand Kumar Das

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No: 105525

Place : Mumbai

Date : April 24, 2023:

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No: 118580

DIN: 00065343

DIN: 01054434

For M.P. Chitale & Co.

Sanjay Asher

Bhavna Doshi

Chartered Accountants

Director

Director

Firm Registration No: 101851W

DIN: 00008221

DIN: 00400508

per Anagha Thatte

Gobind Jain

Anand Kumar Das

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No: 105525

Place : Mumbai

Date : April 24, 2023:

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No: 118580

DIN: 00065343

DIN: 01054434

For M.P. Chitale & Co.

Sanjay Asher

Bhavna Doshi

Chartered Accountants

Director

Director

Firm Registration No: 101851W

DIN: 00008221

DIN: 00400508

per Anagha Thatte

Gobind Jain

Anand Kumar Das

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No: 105525

Place : Mumbai

Date : April 24, 2023:

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No: 118580

DIN: 00065343

DIN: 01054434

For M.P. Chitale & Co.

Sanjay Asher

Bhavna Doshi

Chartered Accountants

Director

Director

Firm Registration No: 101851W

DIN: 00008221

DIN: 00400508

per Anagha Thatte

Gobind Jain

Anand Kumar Das

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No: 105525

Place : Mumbai

Date : April 24, 2023:

Director's fees, allowances and expenses

6,47,13

4,45,92

VII

Auditor's fees and expenses

3,53,36

3,26,98

VIII Law charges

62,40,66

49,04,65

IX

Postage, Telegrams, Telephones, etc.

172,69,24

162,98,37

X

Repairs and maintenance

401,01,09

371,21,77

XI

Insurance

496,42,59

428,79,41

XII

Other expenditure

4782,81,69

3741,37,97

Total

11345,86,70

9310,70,57:

Managing Director

Relatives of KMP

Mrs. Ira Kathpalia, Mr. Karan Kathpalia

Associates

IndusInd Marketing and Financial Services Private Limited

b)

Transactions during the year

(` in crores)

Particulars

Parent

(as per

ownership

control)*

Subsidiaries*

Associates/

Joint

Venture*

Key

Management

Personnel*

Relatives

of Key

Management

Personnel

Total

Borrowings

-

-

-

-

-

-

Deposits

-

-

-

-

10.37

10.37

(13.21)

(13.21)

Placement of deposits

-

-

-

-

-

-

Advances

-

-

-

-

-

-

Investment

-

-

-

-

-

-

Non-funded commitments

-

-

-

-

-

-

Leasing/HP arrangements

availed

-

-

-

-

-

-

Leasing/HP arrangements

provided

-

-

-

-

-

-

Purchase of fixed assets

-

-

-

-

-

-

Sale of fixed assets

-

-

-

-

-

-

Interest paid

-

-

-

-

1.33

1.33

Interest received

-

-

-

-

-

-

Rendering of services

-

-

-

-

-

-

Receiving of services

-

-

-

-

-

-

Management contracts

-

-

-

-

-

-

* In accordance with RBI guidelines dated March 29, 2003, details pertaining to the related party transactions have not been provided where

there is only one related party in each of the above categories.

Figures in parenthesis represent maximum balance outstanding during the year.

The following represents the significant transactions between the Bank and such related parties including relatives of

above-mentioned KMP during the year ended March 31, 2022::

Managing Director

Relatives of KMP

Mrs. Ira Kathpalia, Mr. Karan Kathpalia

Associates

IndusInd Marketing and Financial Services Private Limited

b)

Transactions during the year

(` in crores)

Particulars

Parent

(as per

ownership

control)*

Subsidiaries*

Associates/

Joint

Venture*

Key

Management

Personnel*

Relatives

of Key

Management

Personnel*

Total

Borrowings

-

-

-

-

-

-

Deposits

-

-

-

-

11.46

11.46

(14.33)

(14.33)

Placement of deposits

-

-

-

-

-

-

Advances

-

-

-

-

-

-

Investment

-

-

-

-

-

-

Non-funded commitments

-

-

-

-

-

-

Leasing/HP arrangements

availed

-

-

-

-

-

-

Leasing/HP arrangements

provided

-

-

-

-

-

-

Purchase of fixed assets

-

-

-

-

-

-

Sale of fixed assets

-

-

-

-

-

-

Interest paid

-

-

-

-

0.60

0.60

Interest received

-

-

-

-

-

-

Rendering of services

-

-

-

-

-

-

Receiving of services

-

-

-

-

-

-

Management contracts

-

-

-

-

-

-

* In accordance with RBI guidelines dated March 29, 2003, details pertaining to the related party transactions have not been provided where

there is only one related party in each of the above categories.

Figures in parenthesis represent maximum balance outstanding during the year.

9.4 Operating Leases (AS 19)

The Group has taken a number of premises on operating lease for branches, offices, ATMs and residential premises for staff. The

Group has not given any assets on operating lease. The details of maturity profile of future operating lease payments are given

below:

(` in crores)

Particulars

March 31, 2023

March 31, 2022

Future lease rentals payable as at the end of the year:

-

Not later than one year

421.32

390.33

-

Later than one year but not later than five years

1,229.57

1,048.31

-

Later than five years

417.18

379.26

Total of minimum lease payments recognized in the Profit and Loss Account for

the year

519.34

426.92

Total of future minimum sub-lease payments expected to be received under non-

cancellable sub-lease

-

-

Sub-lease payments recognized in the Profit and Loss account for the year

-

-:

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No: 118580

DIN: 00065343

DIN: 01054434

For M.P. Chitale & Co.

Sanjay Asher

Bhavna Doshi

Chartered Accountants

Director

Director

Firm Registration No: 101851W

DIN: 00008221

DIN: 00400508

per Anagha Thatte

Gobind Jain

Anand Kumar Das

Partner

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No: 105525

Place : Mumbai

Date : April 24, 2023:

Managing Director & CEO

DIN: 00065343

DIN: 01054434

Sanjay Asher

Bhavna Doshi

Director

Director

DIN: 00008221

DIN: 00400508

Place: Mumbai

Gobind Jain

Anand Kumar Das

Date: April 24, 2023

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary:

Managing Director & CEO of the Bank

as per the approval accorded by the members vide postal

ballot on June 6, 2023 and as may be revised/amended from

time to time.”

4.

To approve remuneration of the Joint Statutory Auditors for

the financial year 2023-24.

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following

Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:

RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the relevant provisions

of Section 142 and other applicable provisions if any, of

the Companies Act, 2013, as amended from time to time

(‘the Act’), read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors)

Rules, 2014 and other relevant rules made thereunder,

the applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange

Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

NOTICE

INDUSIND BANK LIMITED

CIN: L65191PN1994PLC076333

Registered Office: 2401, Gen. Thimmayya Road (Cantonment), Pune - 411 001

Tel: (020) 69019000

Secretarial & Investor Services Cell: 701, Solitaire Corporate Park, Building No. 7, Ground Floor,

167, Guru Hargovindji Marg, Andheri (East), Mumbai – 400 093.

Tel: (022) 6641 2487/ 2359

Email: investor@indusind.com, Website: www.indusind.com

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘the Listing Regulations’),

the applicable provisions of the Banking Regulation Act,

1949 and the rules, regulations, circulars, directions and

guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India (‘RBI’)

(including any statutory amendment(s) or modification(s)

or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force),

approval of the Members of the Bank be and is hereby

accorded for payment of remuneration to M/s. M S K A

& Associates (Firm Registration Number 105047W) and

M/s. M.P. Chitale & Co. (Firm Registration Number 101851W),

joint Statutory Auditors of the Bank for financial year 2023-

24 of `2,70,00,000 per annum (Rupees Two crores Seventy

lakhs only) to be allocated by the Bank and as may be

mutually agreed upon between the Bank and the said Joint

Statutory Auditors, depending upon their respective scope

of work, and reimbursement of out of pocket expenses,

outlays and taxes as applicable, that may be incurred by

them, in connection with the conduct of statutory audit

of the Bank and all its branches, issuing the Report on the

Financial Statements of the Bank including on internal

financial controls, issuing such other certification as may

be required by the RBI and issuing such other reports/

certifications as may be required under the relevant

provisions of the Act, the said Rules and the aforementioned

norms, as amended, from time to time;

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in addition to the agreed fees if

the scope of audit work is increased, the remuneration will

be increased as per the complexity and audit hours involved

and such additional remuneration will be subject to the limit

of `50,00,000 (Rupees Fifty lakhs only) and taxes as may be

applicable and reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses in

connection with the audit of the Bank which will be subject

to the approval of the Audit Committee;

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect

to the above Resolution, the Board of Directors, including

the Audit Committee of the Board or any other person(s)

authorized by the Board or the Audit Committee in this

regard, be and is hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds,

matters and things as it may, in its absolute discretion, deem

necessary or desirable for such purpose and with power

on behalf of the Bank to settle all questions, difficulties or

doubts that may arise in regard to implementation of the

Resolution including but not limited to determination of

roles, responsibilities and scope of work of the respective

Joint Statutory Auditor(s), negotiating, finalizing, amending,

signing, delivering, executing, the terms of appointment

including any contracts or documents in this regard.”:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer (MD & CEO)

of the Bank

To consider, and if thought fit, to pass the following Resolution, as an Ordinary Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT, pursuant to the provisions of Section 35B and other relevant provisions, if any, of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949,

and the rules, guidelines and circulars issued by the Reserve Bank of India (the “RBI”), from time to time, the applicable provisions, if any,

of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”), read with the relevant rules notified thereunder, and any other applicable laws (including any

statutory amendment(s), modification(s), variation(s) or re-enactment(s) thereto, for the time being in force), the provisions of the Articles

of Association of the Bank, pursuant to the recommendation made by the Compensation and Nomination & Remuneration Committee

of Directors of the Bank (the “Committee”) and approval of the Board of Directors of the Bank (the “Board”) and subject to approval of

the RBI as may be required, approval of the members of the Bank be and is hereby accorded for payment of remuneration to Mr. Sumant

Kathpalia (DIN: 01054434),: Managing

Letter authorizing the Representative to attend the

AGM through VC/ OAVM on its behalf and to vote,

along with attested specimen signature of the duly

authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, on

alwyn.co@gmail.com, investor@indusind.com with a copy

marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in from their registered Email ID.

8.

The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the

Companies Act, 2013, setting out material facts in respect of

the Resolutions stated at Item Numbers 3 to 6 are annexed

hereto.

9.

In accordance with the Circulars issued by the MCA and

SEBI regarding dispatching copies of Annual Report in

physical mode, the Annual Report including the Notice of

the 29th AGM of the Bank indicating, inter alia, the process

and manner of e-voting is being sent only by Email, to all

the Members whose Email IDs are registered with the Bank/

Link Intime India Private Limited, Registrar & Share Transfer

Agent (‘RTA’) of the Bank/ Depository Participant(s) for

communication purposes to the Members and to all other

persons so entitled.

The Annual Report along with this Notice and other

documents are being sent, through electronic mode in

pursuance to the Applicable Circulars to all the Members

whose names appear in the Register of Members as on

Friday, July 21, 2023.

A person who is not a Member as on the Friday, July 21, 2023

should treat this Notice as for information purpose only.

10.

All documents referred to in the accompanying Notice

and Explanatory Statement shall be provided to Members

on requests sent through email to investor@indusind.

com for inspection by Members of the Bank from the date

of circulation of this Notice up to the date of AGM, i.e.,

Thursday, August 24, 2023.

11.

Members who wish to inspect the documents are requested

to send an email to investor@indusind.com mentioning their

Name, Folio No./ Client ID and DP ID, and the documents

they wish to inspect, with a self attested copy of their PAN

Card attached in the email.

12.

Members seeking information with regard to the accounts or

any matter to be placed at the AGM are requested to send their

queries in advance mentioning their Name, Demat Account

Number/ Folio number, Email Id, Mobile Number to investor@

indusind.com on or before Monday, August 14, 2023 and

their questions will be replied to by the Bank suitably.:

letter

issued by the competent authority or any

other evidences demonstrating the non-

applicability of Article 24 - Limitation of

Relief under India-Singapore DTAA.

vii.

In case of shareholder being Alternative

Investment Fund - Category III located

in

International

Financial

Services

Centre, along with the above (as may be

applicable), please furnish Self-declaration

(refer format attached) along with adequate

documentary evidence substantiating the

nature of the entity

viii. In case of shareholder being Sovereign

Wealth funds and Pension funds notified

by Central Government u/s 10(23FE) of

the Act, along with the above (as may be

applicable), please furnish:

a.

Copy of the notification issued by

CBDT substantiating the applicability

of section 10(23FE) of the Act issued

by the Government of India.

b.

Self-Declaration

(refer

format

attached)

that

the

conditions

specified in section 10(23FE) have

been complied with along with

necessary documents.

ix.

In case of shareholder being Subsidiary of

Abu Dhabi Investment Authority (ADIA)

as prescribed under section 10(23FE) of

the Act, along with the above (as may be

applicable), please furnish Self-Declaration

(refer format attached) substantiating the

conditions specified in section 10(23FE)

have been complied with along with

necessary documents.

x.

In case of shareholders who have obtained

a valid certificate issued under section 197

of the Act for lower/ nil rate of deduction,

a copy of the said certificate issued by the

income tax authorities.

xi.

In case of shareholder who is Sikkimese

in terms of section 10(26AA) of the Act,

please furnish Self Declaration (refer format

attached) along with necessary proof.

The self-declarations referred to above

points can be downloaded from the link

given at the end of this communication.

Application of beneficial DTAA rate shall

depend upon the completeness and

satisfactory review by the Bank, of the

documents submitted by non-resident

shareholders and meeting requirement of

the Act read with applicable DTAA. It must

be ensured that self-declaration should be

addressed to IndusInd Bank and should

be in the same format as attached. In the

absence of the same, the Bank will not be

obligated to apply the beneficial DTAA rate

at the time of tax deduction on dividends.

Form 10F in digital format is mandatory for

non-resident shareholders having PAN in

India or who are required to obtain PAN in

India. Form 10F in any other format will not

be considered for treaty benefit.:

letter, duly

signed by you, along with a Canceled

cheque leaf with your name and bank

account details and a copy of your PAN

card duly self attested. This will facilitate

receipt of dividend directly into your bank

account. In case the Canceled cheque leaf

does not bear your name, please attach

a copy of the bank pass-book statement,

duly self attested.

15.

I n terms of Rule 18 of the Companies (Management and

Administration) Rules, 2014, a company may send copy of

notice through electronic mode including email to those

members who have registered their email address either

with their depository participants (DP) or with the company.

Further, as per Regulation 36 of the Securities and

Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’),

the listed entity is required to send soft copies of its annual

report to all those members who have registered their email

address(es) for this purpose.

In case of members whose email address has changed and

they have not updated the new email address, the Bank

would send the said documents to their existing email

address and the said documents shall be deemed to have

been delivered in compliance with the provisions of the

Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations. Therefore, members

are requested to register their email address or any change

thereof with their DP (shares held in electronic form) or with

Link Intime India Pvt. Ltd. (shares held in physical form) at

the earliest.

Further, in terms of SEBI circular dated January 5, 2023, annual

report for the fiscal 2023 and the notice convening the 29th

AGM, are being sent only through electronic mode to those

members, who have registered their email addresses with

the Bank/ their respective DP or with Link Intime India Pvt.

Ltd. Accordingly, no physical copy of the said documents is

being sent to members who have not registered their email

addresses with the Bank/ DP or Link Intime India Pvt. Ltd.

However, in case any member wishes to receive a physical

copy of the annual report are requested to write to

rnt.helpdesk@linkintime.co.in or investor@indusind.com

quoting DP ID and client ID or Folio number, as the case

may be, to enable the Bank to provide physical copy of

the said documents. Please note that the said documents

are also being uploaded on the Bank’s website viz.

www.indusind.com.

16.

Brief profile and other relevant information about Directors

seeking appointment/ re-appointment, in accordance

with Regulation 36(3) of the Securities and Exchange

Board of India (SEBI) (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015, form part of this Notice.

17.

Pursuant to Section 124 of the Companies Act, 2013,

dividend for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2016 which

remains unpaid or unclaimed for a period of seven years,

shall become due for transfer on the due date, to the Investor

Education and Protection Fund of the Central Government.

18.

Intimation Letters were sent on April 28, 2023 to Members

who have not claimed their dividends for FY 2015-16

for seven consecutive years. An Advertisement was also

published in Financial Express (all editions) and Loksatta

(Pune region) on April 29, 2023 requesting the Members

to claim the dividends from the Bank on or before July 31,

2023, failing which, their shares would be transferred to the

IEPF Authority within 30 days from the due date.

19.

The Bank has already transferred all shares in respect of

which dividend had not been paid or claimed for seven

consecutive years or more along with unpaid or unclaimed

dividend declared for the financial year ended March 31,

2015 and earlier periods to the Investor Education and

Protection Fund. Members who have so far not claimed their

dividends for the FY 2014-2015 may claim their Dividend/

Shares from the IEPF Authority, by submitting an application

in e-form IEPF 5. The detailed procedure for claiming the

Shares/ Dividend amount which have been transferred to

IEPF is available at: http://iepf. gov.in /IEPF/corporates.html

20.

The information pertaining to Unpaid or Unclaimed

Dividends and the details of such Members and the Shares

due for transfer to the IEPF Authority are also available on

the Bank’s website at www.indusind.com.

21.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has

mandated the submission of Permanent Account Number

(PAN) by every participant in securities market. Members

holding shares in electronic form are, therefore, requested

to submit the PAN to their Depository Participants with

whom they are maintaining their Demat Accounts.

Members holding shares in physical form can submit their

PAN details to Link Intime India Private Limited, Registrar &

Share Transfer Agent of the Bank, or to the Secretarial and

Investor Services Cell of the Bank.

Further, SEBI vide its circular dated March 16, 2023, has

made it mandatory for all holders of physical securities

in listed companies to furnish PAN, nomination, contact

details, bank account details and specimen signature for

their corresponding Folio numbers. Folios wherein any one:

letter etc.

with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized

signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer

by email to investor@indusind.com , indusindscrutinizer@

gmail.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in.

Institutional Members (i.e., other than individuals, HUF,

NRI etc.) can also upload their Board Resolution/ Power of

Attorney/ Authority: Letter etc. by clicking on “Upload Board

Resolution/ Authority Letter” displayed under “e-voting” tab

in their login.

2.

It is strongly recommended not to share your password

with any other person and take utmost care to keep your

password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be

disabled upon 5 unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct

password. In such an event, you will need to go through

the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset

Password?” option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to

reset the password.

3.

In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked

Questions (FAQs) for Members and e-voting user manual for

Members available at the download section of www.evoting.

nsdl.com or call on: 022 - 4886 7000 and 022 - 2499 7000 or

send a request to Mrs. Pallavi Mhatre, Senior Manager, at

evoting@nsdl.co.in

Process for those Members whose Email IDs are not registered

with the depositories for procuring user id and password and

registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions set

out in this notice:

1.

In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio

No., Name of Member, scanned copy of the share certificate

(front and back), PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN

Card), AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card)

by email to investor@indusind.com.

2.

In case shares are held in Demat mode, please provide DPID-

CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16-digit beneficiary ID), Name,

client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement,

PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN Card), AADHAAR

(self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to investor@

indusind.com. If you are an Individual Member holding

securities in Demat mode, you are requested to refer to the

login method explained at

step 1 (A) i.e., Login method for e-voting and joining virtual

meeting for Individual Members holding securities in Demat

mode.

3.

Alternatively members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.

co.in for procuring user id and password for e-voting by

providing above-mentioned documents.

4.

In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-voting

facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual Members

holding securities in Demat mode are allowed to vote

through their Demat account maintained with Depositories

and Depository Participants. Members are required to

update their mobile number and email ID correctly in their

Demat account in order to access e-voting facility.

THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR e-voting ON THE DAY

OF THE AGM ARE AS UNDER:

1.

The procedure for e-voting on the day of the AGM is same as

the instructions mentioned above for remote e-voting.

2.

Only those Members, who will be present in the AGM

through VC/ OAVM facility and have not casted their vote on

the Resolutions through Remote e-voting and are otherwise

not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through

e-voting system in the AGM.

3.

Members who have voted through Remote e-voting will

be eligible to attend the AGM. However, they will not be

eligible to vote at the AGM.

4.

The details of the person who may be contacted for any

grievances connected with the facility for e-voting on the

day of the AGM shall be the same person mentioned for

Remote e-voting.

INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING THE AGM

THROUGH VC/ OAVM ARE AS UNDER:

1.

Member will be provided with a facility to attend the AGM

through VC/ OAVM through the NSDL e-voting system.

Members may access by following the steps mentioned

above for Access to NSDL e-voting system. After successful

login, you can see link of “VC/ OAVM link” placed under “Join

meeting” menu against Bank name. You are requested to

click on VC/ OAVM link placed under Join Meeting menu.

The link for VC/ OAVM will be available in Member login

where the EVEN of Bank will be displayed. Please note that

the members who do not have the User ID and Password

for e-voting or have forgotten the User ID and Password

may retrieve the same by following the remote e-voting

instructions mentioned in the Notice to avoid last minute

rush.

2.

Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through

Laptops for better experience.

3.

Further Members will be required to allow Camera and use

Internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance during

the meeting.

4.

Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile

Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via

Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/ Video loss due to

fluctuation in their respective internet network. It is therefore

recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to

mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.

5.

Members who would like to express their views/ have

questions may send their questions in advance mentioning

their name Demat account number/Folio number, email id,

mobile number at investor@indusind.com.

letter dated March 10,

2023, conveyed their approval for re-appointment of Mr. Sumant

Kathpalia as ‘: Managing

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer’ (MD &

CEO) for three years with effect from March 24, 2020 and for the

terms of remuneration from March 24, 2020 until March 31, 2021.

Further, Reserve Bank of India had, vide their: letter dated March

10, 2023, conveyed their approval for re-appointment of Mr.

Sumant Kathpalia as ‘Managing

Managing Director & CEO

DIN

01054434

Date of Birth

December 14, 1961

Age

61 years

Date of first appointment on the Board of the

Bank

March 24, 2020

Qualifications

Chartered Accountancy passed and Graduate in B. Com, (Hons.) from Hindu College, Delhi

University.

Brief

Resume

including

experience

functional areas

Accountancy, Banking, Risk Management and Business Management

Mr. Sumant Kathpalia is a career banker with years of rich experience in large multinational banks

such as Citibank, Bank of America and ABN AMRO, prior to joining IndusInd Bank.

Mr. Kathpalia has successfully led several leadership roles in his career spanning over 30 years

with focus on driving business growth and innovation. At IndusInd Bank, he has been part of

the management team that joined the Bank 15 years ago and has been pivotal in turning the

Bank around. He has been a key member of the top-level executive committee looking at Bank-

wide financial management, managing investor relations and evaluating inorganic growth

opportunities.

In his prior role as Head – Consumer Bank at IndusInd Bank, Mr. Kathpalia has been instrumental

in setting up several new businesses from scratch to cater to the needs of Individual and SME

segments while successfully balancing growth with quality and compliance to regulatory and

internal guidelines. He has also led the expansion of the Consumer Distribution franchise and

has been instrumental in positioning IndusInd Bank as a customer responsive Bank with a slew

of industry first Innovations for clients. Mr. Kathpalia has also been keenly focused on revitalising

and reenergizing the business models leveraging decision, sciences and digitization to redefine

client experience and to scale with efficiency. Prior to taking over position of: Managing Director,

Mr. Sumant Kathpalia joined the Bank in 2008 as Head – Consumer Banking. As a core member of

the Bank’s Top Management Team, Mr. Kathpalia has built the Consumer franchise from `7,500

crores to `1,60,000 crores over the 12 years before taking over the charge of Managing Director

& CEO of IndusInd Bank Limited with effect from March 24, 2020.

Prior to joining IndusInd Bank, he worked with ABN AMRO where he held several critical

leadership positions including Head - Consumer Bank for ABN AMRO, India. Prior to ABN AMRO,

Mr. Kathpalia spent a decade at Bank of America and before that, he was at Citibank, where

he started his career and held various positions across functions including Business Growth &

Strategy, Sales & Distribution, Operations, Systems, Risk Management and Financial Management.

Mr. Kathpalia has passed Chartered Accountancy exam and is a Graduate in B. Com, (Hons.) from

Hindu College, Delhi University.

List

of

Directorships/

Memberships/

