letter dated 28th April 2023, we hereby inform you that the 33rd Annual

General Meeting (“AGM”) of the Company will be held on Friday, 28th July 2023 at 3.30 p.m.

(IST) through Video Conferencing/Other Audio-Visual Means.

In continuation to the aforesaid: letter and pursuant to Regulations 30, 34 and 53 of the Listing

Regulations, please find enclosed the following:

1) Notice of the 33rd AGM of the Company. The brief details of the agenda items proposed to

be transacted at the 33rd AGM are given in “Annexure I”;

2) Integrated Annual Report for the Financial Year 2022-23.

The Notice of 33rd AGM and the Integrated Annual Report for the Financial Year 2022-23 can

also be accessed/downloaded from the web-link given below:

https://www.mahindrafinance.com/investors/disclosures-reg-46-62/financial-

information#Annualreports

Managing Director of the Company designated

as ‘: Managing

Managing Director of

the Company designated as “: Managing

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer and

Whole time Director(s) of the Company (excluding the

employees who are promoters or person belonging

to the promoter group or Independent Directors and

Directors holding directly or indirectly more than 10%

of the outstanding equity shares of the Company)

subject to their eligibility as may be determined under

the MMFSL RSU Plan 2023, exercisable into not more

than 59,44,320 (Fifty-nine lakhs forty four thousand

three hundred and twenty) equity shares of the

Company (“Shares”) of the face value of ₹ 2/- (Rupees

Two) each fully paid-up, as applicable, which shall be

administered by the existing employee welfare trust of

the Company namely ‘Mahindra & Mahindra Financial

Services Limited Employees’ Stock Option Trust’

(“Trust”), who shall use its free and utilisable funds

(net of any outstanding liabilities and administrative

expenses of the Trust) as statutorily permitted from

time to time, and/or obtain loan/financial assistance

from the Company for the purpose of subscribing to

aforementioned Shares, on such terms and conditions

and in such manner as the Board/ Committee may

decide in accordance with the provisions of the

applicable laws and the provisions of the MMFSL RSU

Plan 2023;

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Shares as specified

hereinabove shall be transferred by the Trust to the

RSU grantees upon exercise of RSUs in accordance

with the terms of the grant and provisions of the

MMFSL RSU Plan 2023, subject to payment/recovery

of requisite exercise price and applicable taxes, on

4:

letter to the Scrutiniser at E-mail

ID: madhu@ksrandco.in with a copy marked

to KFin at evoting@kfintech.com and to the

Company at investorhelpline_mmfsl@mahindra.

com, authorising its representative(s) to attend

through VC/OAVM and vote on their behalf at

the Meeting, pursuant to section 113 of the Act.

Members of the Company under the category

of Institutional Shareholders are encouraged to

attend and participate in the AGM through VC/

OAVM and vote thereat.

5.

Explanatory

Statement:

Pursuant

to

the

provisions of section 102 of the Act, an

explanatory statement on the Special Businesses

at Item Nos. 5 to 15 of this Notice is annexed

hereto. The Board of Directors has considered

and decided to include the Item Nos. 5 to 15,

given above as Special Businesses in the ensuing

AGM, as they are unavoidable in nature.

Additional information with respect to Ordinary

Business set out at Item No. 4 is annexed hereto.

Further, information with respect to Item Nos. 5

to 9 of this Notice, as required under Regulation

36 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing

Regulations”) and clause 1.2.5 of SS-2 issued

by ICSI, is also annexed as Annexure A to the

explanatory statement, to this Notice. Both shall

be read as part of this Notice.

6.

Electronic dispatch of Notice and Annual

Report: In compliance with MCA Circulars and

SEBI Circulars, the financial statements including

Board’s Report, Auditor’s Report and other

documents required to be attached therewith

(“Annual Report”) for the financial year ended

31st March 2023 (“FY2023”) pursuant to section

136 of the Act and the Notice of the 33rd AGM

(“AGM Notice”) pursuant to section 101 of the Act

read with the Rules framed thereunder are being

sent only in electronic mode to those Members

whose e-mail address are registered with the

Company/KFin or the Depository Participant(s).

Members can request for hard copy of the Annual

Report & AGM notice by sending a request at

investorhelpline_mmfsl@mahindra.com.

A copy of the AGM Notice and the Annual Report

for FY2023 is available on the Company’s website

-

https://www.mahindrafinance.com,

Stock

Exchanges website where the shares of the

Company are listed i.e., BSE Limited - https://www.

bseindia.com/ and National Stock Exchange of

9

Notice:

Managing Director and CEO

of Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited w.e.f. 23rd

May 2023.

Accordingly, Mr. Amit Kumar Sinha would cease to hold

office as a Director of the Company at the conclusion

of the 33rd AGM of the Company, scheduled to be held

on 28th July 2023.

The Board of Directors of the Company places on

record their sincere appreciation to the invaluable

contribution, leadership and guidance extended

by Mr. Amit Kumar Sinha to the Board during his

association as a Director.

On cessation of Directorship of Mr. Amit Kumar Sinha

on the date of ensuing AGM, the Board composition

would continue to remain in conformity and in

compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act,

2013 and Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015, and hence the Board has resolved

not to fill the vacancy on the Board, so being created.

Interest & Recommendation

Save and except Mr. Sinha, and his relatives to the

extent of their shareholding interest, if any, in the

Company, none of the other Directors, Key Managerial

Personnel of the Company and their relatives are,

in any way, concerned or interested, financially or

otherwise, in the Resolution set out at Item No. 4 of

this Notice.

The Board recommends the ordinary resolution set

out at Item No. 4 of this Notice for approval of the

Members of the Company.

19

Notice:

Managing Director

of the Company designated as “: Managing Director &

CEO” from 30th April 2024 to 30th April 2028

Background

To ensure orderly, timely and smooth succession

planning for Mr. Ramesh Iyer, Vice

Managing Director of

LIC was appointed as Non-Executive Non-Independent

Director on the Board of the Company w.e.f. 1st

April 2022. He stepped down from the Board of the

Company w.e.f. 12th May 2023, as he took charge as

Chairperson of LIC. Mr. Ashwani Ghai will replace the

position of Mr. Mohanty on the Board of the Company.

Profile of Mr. Ashwani Ghai

Mr. Ashwani Ghai has a long and diverse work experience,

across functions and geographies, in LIC of India and

Board level experience in LIC Housing Finance Ltd and

LICHFL Financial services Ltd. He is a post graduate

in Economics, PGEP from IIM Ahmedabad & Fellow of

Insurance Institute of India (FIII).

In his work experience of 35+ years in LIC of India and

in LIC Housing Finance, Mr. Ghai has worked across

multiple functions viz., Marketing, HR, Investments, Fund

Management, Enterprise Risk Management, Organisational

restructuring, Compliance, IPO launching of LIC, Business

Strategy Formulation & it’s Implementation etc.

24:

letter of re-appointment of

Mr. Milind Sarwate setting out the terms and conditions

of re-appointment shall be available for electronic

inspection without any fee by the Members, as provided

in Note No. 17 of the Notes to this AGM Notice.

Save and except Mr. Milind Sarwate and his relatives to

the extent of their shareholding interest, if any, in the

Company, none of the other Directors, Key Managerial

Personnel of the Company and their relatives is, in any

way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise,

in the Resolution set out at Item No. 9 of this Notice.

The Board is of the view that the re-appointment of

Mr. Milind Sarwate as an Independent Director on the

Board of the Company will benefit and add value to

the Board deliberations and the Company.

The Board recommends the Special Resolution set

out at Item No. 9 of this Notice for approval of the

Members of the Company.

Items nos. 10 & 11:

Approval for introduction and implementation of

‘Mahindra and Mahindra Financial Services Limited

- Restricted Stock Units Plan 2023’ (“MMFSL RSU

Plan 2023”) and Approval for provision of money

by the Company to Mahindra & Mahindra Financial

Services Limited Employees’ Stock Option Trust

under the MMFSL RSU Plan 2023 to fund the

subscription of equity shares in terms of MMFSL

RSU Plan 2023

Background- 2010 Scheme

The Company has always believed in employee

co-ownership and that share-based employee benefit

scheme is an effective tool to reward the performance

of its resources. The Company had vide its approval

of the Members dated 18th September 2010

implemented the “Mahindra & Mahindra Financial

Services Limited Employees’ Stock Option Scheme -

2010” (“the 2010 Scheme”) representing 1% of the

issued equity share capital of the Company as on

30th June 2010. The 2010 Scheme was administered

and implemented through an employee welfare trust

namely ‘Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited

Employees’ Stock Option Trust’ (“Trust”). The Trust has

4,96,000 (Four lakhs ninety six thousand) outstanding

number of ESOP's/stock options constituting 0.02%

of the paid-up equity share capital of the Company

as on 31st March 2023 under the 2010 Scheme

and holds 19,31,449 (Nineteen lakhs thirty one

thousand four hundred and forty nine) equity shares

constituting 0.16% of the paid-up equity share capital

of the Company under the category ‘Non Promoter-

Non Public’ as on 31st March 2023. The 2010 Scheme

will continue to be operated and administered by the

Trust including grant, vesting, exercise, transfer etc.

of equity shares of the Company to eligible person(s)

on vesting of stock options already granted/ to be

granted. Further, free and utilisable shares available

with the Trust not represented by grants already

made, if any, would also be utilised for transfer to

eligible persons on vesting and exercise of their RSUs

under the MMFSL RSU Plan 2023. Besides the 2010

Scheme, the Company does not have any active or

existing share-based employee benefit scheme.

Proposal for MMFSL RSU Plan 2023

Given that there are limited number of options available

for grant under the 2010 Scheme and with a view to

continue the practice of rewarding performance of

the employees, creating ownership culture, and to

retain, motivate and attract talent in light of growing

business and to align interests of shareholders with

that of employees, a Restricted Stock Units (“RSUs")

Plan namely ‘Mahindra and Mahindra Financial

Services Limited - Restricted Stock Units Plan 2023’

(“MMFSL RSU Plan 2023”) was approved by the

Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting

held on 28th April 2023, upon recommendation of

the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of

the Board of the Company, for the benefit of the

employees of the Company, which would entitle them

up to 59,44,320 (Fifty-nine lakhs forty four thousand

three hundred and twenty) RSUs of the Company

to be granted at exercise price of face value of the

equity shares, resulting in equity dilution of 0.23% for

the Public shareholders.

The MMFSL RSU Plan 2023 shall be implemented and

administered by the Trust. The MMFSL RSU Plan 2023

contemplates fresh issue/primary issue of equity shares

by the Company to the Trust. Equity shares of the

Company shall be transferred by the Trust to the RSU

grantees upon exercise of RSUs. Free and utilisable

shares available with the Trust, if any, would be utilised

for transfer to eligible persons on vesting and exercise

of their RSUs under the MMFSL RSU Plan 2023.

Upon approval of the Members for implementation of

MMFSL RSU Plan 2023, Trust will have ~64.40 lakhs

number of stock options and RSUs in aggregate under

both the schemes, constituting ~0.5% of paid up

equity share capital of the Company. As on 31st March

2023, the Company’s paid up share capital consists

of ₹ 247.10 crores comprising 123,55,29,920 equity

shares of face value of ₹ 2 per share.

27

Notice:

Managing Director & CEO/Whole-time Directors/

Non-Executive Directors) of the Company, in India

or outside India, as may be determined in due

compliance with SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations and

provisions of the MMFSL RSU Plan 2023.

On vesting of RSUs which shall be linked and

dependent on continuous employment with the

Company as well as on achievement of certain

performance conditions, the eligible employees

earn a right (but not obligation) to exercise the

vested RSUs within the exercise period and

obtain equity shares of the Company subject to

payment of exercise price and satisfaction of any

tax obligation arising thereon.

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee

of the Board (“Committee”) shall supervise

the MMFSL RSU Plan 2023. All questions of

interpretation of the MMFSL RSU Plan 2023

shall be determined by the Committee and such

determination shall be final and binding upon all

persons having an interest in the MMFSL RSU Plan

2023. The Trust shall administer the MMFSL RSU

Plan 2023. The RSUs granted to an employee will

not be transferable to any person and shall not be

pledged, hypothecated, mortgaged or otherwise

alienated in any manner.

b)

Total number of RSUs to be offered and

granted:

The total number of RSUs proposed to be offered

and granted under the MMFSL RSU Plan 2023

shall not exceed 59,44,320 (Fifty-nine lakhs

forty-four thousand three hundred and twenty)

RSUs, constituting 0.48% of the fully paid-up

equity share capital of the Company as on 31st

March 2023, and the same shall be granted in

one or more tranches, from time to time, as may

be determined by the Committee. The source

shall be fresh issue of Shares and same shall be

subscribed by the Trust.

The SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations require that in

case of any corporate action(s) such as rights

issues, bonus issues, merger and sale of division

and others, a fair and reasonable adjustment

needs to be made to the RSUs granted. In this

regard, the Committee shall adjust the number

and price of the RSUs granted in such a manner

that the total value of the RSUs granted under

the MMFSL RSU Plan 2023 remains the same

after any such corporate action. Accordingly, if

any additional RSUs are issued by the Company

to the RSU grantees for making such fair and

reasonable adjustment, the aforesaid ceiling of

59,44,320 RSUs shall be deemed to be increased

to the extent of such additional RSUs issued.

c)

Identification of classes of employees

entitled to participate and be beneficiaries in

the MMFSL RSU Plan 2023:

Following classes of employees and Directors

(collectively referred to as “Employees”) are

eligible being:

(i)

An employee as designated by the Company,

who is working in India or outside India

excluding employee who is a promoter or a

person belonging to the promoter group; or

(ii) A director of the Company, whether a whole-

time director or not, including a non-executive

director, who is not a promoter or member

of the promoter group but excluding an

Independent Director and a Director who

either by himself/herself or through his/her

relatives or through any body corporate,

directly or indirectly, holds more than 10% of

the outstanding equity shares of the Company.

The eligibility for grant of RSUs shall be as per the

criteria that may be determined by the Committee,

from time to time, including parameters, such

as grade, individual performance, etc., as it may

deem relevant.

d)

Requirements of vesting and period of

vesting

RSUs proposed to be granted under the MMFSL

RSU Plan 2023 shall vest not earlier than

minimum vesting period of 1 (one) year and

not later than the maximum vesting period

of 7 (seven) years from the date of grant of

RSUs, as may be determined by the Committee.

The

Committee

may

vary

the

maximum

vesting period from time to time, as may be

statutorily permissible.

The vesting of RSUs would be based on

achievement of performance parameters. The

Committee would lay down the parameters

for vesting of RSUs which would include one or

more of the Company performance parameters

such as:

a)

Asset Quality

b)

Assets Under Management (AUM) Growth

c)

Cost control

d)

Profit growth

e)

Return on Assets (ROA)

28:

letter shall continue in case of

such transferred or deputed Employee even

after the transfer or deputation, only as long

as the employee continues to be employed by a

group company.

No RSUs or any part thereof shall vest:

• If the Eligible Employee’s employment is

terminated by the Company for cause; or

• If the Eligible Employee voluntarily terminates

employment with the Company and the RSUs

to the extent not vested shall lapse/expire and

be forfeited forthwith.

In case of cessation of employment due to

retirement or superannuation, RSUs granted

to such employees would continue to vest in

accordance with the respective vesting schedules

even after retirement or superannuation, subject

to the discretion of the Committee and in

accordance with the Company’s policies, and

applicable laws.

e) Maximum period within which the RSUs shall

be vested:

All the RSUs granted on any date under the

MMFSL RSU Plan 2023 shall vest not later

than a maximum of 7 (seven) years from the

date of grant of RSUs as may be determined by

the Committee. The Committee may vary the

maximum vesting period from time to time, as

may be statutorily permissible.

f)

Exercise price, purchase price or pricing formula:

Exercise price per RSU shall be the face value

of the Equity Shares as on the date of grant of

RSUs, as applicable. In addition, the Employee

shall be liable to pay to the Company the amount

equivalent to the value of the perquisite tax

and such taxes, as may be applicable, payable

on exercise of the RSUs in accordance with the

provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961 and other

applicable laws at the relevant time.

g) Exercise period/offer period and the process of

Exercise/Acceptance of offer:

The Exercise Period would commence from the

date of vesting and will expire on completion of 5

(five) years from the date of respective vesting or

such other shorter period as may be decided by

the Committee from time to time.

The vested RSU shall be exercisable by the RSU

grantees by making a written application to the

Company/Trust expressing his/ her desire to

exercise such RSUs in such manner and in such

format as may be prescribed by the Committee

or Trust from time to time. Exercise of RSUs shall

be entertained only after payment of requisite

exercise price and satisfaction of applicable taxes

by the RSU grantee. The RSUs shall lapse if not

exercised within the specified exercise period,

subject to discretion to the Committee to allow

extension of exercise period.

h) Appraisal process for determining the eligibility

of employees for the Plan:

The appraisal process for determining the

eligibility for grant of RSUs shall be as per the

criteria that may be determined by the Committee,

from time to time, including parameters such

as grade, individual performance, etc. as it may

deem relevant.

i)

Maximum number of RSUs to be offered and

issued per employee and in aggregate:

The number of RSUs that may be granted in

aggregate under the MMFSL RSU Plan 2023

shall not exceed 59,44,320 (Fifty-nine lakhs forty-

four thousand three hundred and twenty) RSUs,

constituting 0.48% of the fully paid-up equity share

Capital of the Company as on 31st March 2023.

The maximum number of RSUs that may be

granted per employee in any financial year under

MMFSL RSU Plan 2023 shall not exceed the

aforementioned ceiling, as applicable, at the time

of grant.

j)

Maximum quantum of benefits to be provided

per employee under the Plan:

There is no contemplation of benefit other than

grant of RSUs under the MMFSL RSU Plan 2023

and any benefit arising out of RSUs shall be

subject to ceiling specified in the resolution.

29

Notice:

Managing Director & CEO of M&M.

None of the other Directors and Key Managerial

Personnel of the Company and their relatives are

concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in

the resolution set out at Item No. 12 of the Notice.

The Board of Directors of the Company recommends

the

Material

Related

Party

Transactions

of

the Company as set out in Item No. 12 of the

Notice for approval of the members by way of an

Ordinary Resolution.

Item No. 13:

Alteration to the Memorandum of Association of

the Company

The Company is a Non-Banking Financial Company

(“NBFC”) registered with Reserve Bank of India under

section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934

and into the business of providing financial solutions.

The Company has an extensive PAN India distribution

network with 1,380+ offices spread over 3,80,000

villages and 7,000 towns with a customer base of

over 9 million+.

The Company is primarily engaged in the business

of financing of vehicles including commercial and

passenger vehicles and has also forayed in the business

of providing personal loans, loans against property,

financing Small and Micro Enterprises, leasing etc.

The present business activities of the Company

are adequately encompassed in the Company’s

Memorandum of Association (“MOA”), wherein the

Main Objects includes the authorisation to carry on

the business of a Finance Company, act as financiers,

provide seed/ loan capital, carry on business of leasing

hire-purchase or carrying on mutual fund business

etc. and states matters which are necessary for

furtherance thereof. As the Company has embarked

onto achieving its new vision – ‘To be a leading and

responsible financial solutions partner of choice for

emerging India’, in order to tap emerging opportunities,

it is proposed to enter/continue any partnerships,

agreements, in connection with or incidental to the

solutions provided by the Company, or tie up with

businesses in financial services sector by way of co-

sourcing, co-lending agreements or provide services

by leveraging on Company’s infrastructure/ assets/

customer base/ network etc., which are beneficial to

and in interest of the Company or its stakeholders.

In order to ensure that the ongoing and proposed

activities of the Company for furtherance of the

Company’s main objects and activities connected

thereto in context of present business are explicitly

mentioned and within the sphere of the MOA and

objects necessary for furtherance of the main objects,

and to ensure cohesiveness and comprehensiveness

in the MOA, it is proposed to amend sub-clause III

(B) (21) under ‘Matters which are necessary for

furtherance of the objects specified in Clause III (A)’ of

MOA. It is clarified that no change is being proposed to

the Company’s ‘Main Objects”.

35

Notice:

Managing Director of the Company designated as “: Managing

Dear Stakeholders,

The year under review witnessed constant

changes in the global geo-economic environment.

The worldwide economy encountered numerous

challenges, including increasing geopolitical

tensions, stagnating growth, and turbulent

financial markets. Despite the unwinding of

supply chain disruptions, the year continued to

be impacted by the Ukraine war. The above led

to inflation remaining persistent at higher levels

contributing to rising prices of food, commodities

and energy.

Against this backdrop, however, India showcased

remarkable resilience in the face of global

uncertainties, setting itself apart from numerous

advanced economies. The country maintained

strong performance in 2022 across all sectors,

primarily due to robust domestic demand and a

supportive policy environment.

During the year under review, our business was

aided by these favourable macro tailwinds. Having

said that, the thrust of the leadership on investing

in newer capabilities and advanced technological

solutions accelerated during the year. These are

bearing fruits for us. We are happy to report

another outstanding year, characterised by

strong financial performance and the consistent

achievement of important scorecard objectives.

Over more than 30 years, your Company has

established a robust ecosystem for financing in

semi-urban and rural areas. This achievement

has been made possible by our ability to identify

emerging trends ahead of time, gain deep local

insights, make relevant investments, and steadily

expand our presence nationwide. Notably, during

the year, our long-term rating was upgraded

by CRISIL to "CRISIL AAA/Stable," affirming our

continuous efforts to enhance asset quality and

maintain a stable resource profile.

Throughout the year, we have remained

committed to fostering a culture of excellence

that is centred around our clients, embraces

diversity, and promotes inclusivity. We aim to

consistently deliver high performance and

exceed expectations. We recognise that our

workforce is a vital asset that drives our success

and productivity, and we value the diverse

backgrounds, perspectives, and networks of our

employees, which set us apart. During this period,

we have strengthened our leadership team and

brought in new talent to lead our technology

and risk divisions. This strategic approach

allows us to stay at the forefront of addressing

our clients' evolving needs and embracing

technological advancements.

We have maintained a steadfast commitment to

asset quality, supported by a robust collection

performance. We have maintained a steadfast

commitment to asset quality, supported by a

robust collection performance. Additionally,

we made efforts to strengthen our balance

sheet and enhanced our risk management

framework and compliance culture, ensuring

a solid foundation for our operations. Looking

ahead, we will capitalise on the power of digital

technology and data intelligence to drive

scalability, and cost efficiency, and improve the

overall customer experience across our various

business lines.

We have made steady progress on our

Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG)

journey, establishing a strong foundation that

prioritises protection and progression for

our entire ecosystem. This approach ensures

long-term benefits for all stakeholders

involved. Our commitment to social initiatives is

reflected in our strong rural links in unserved

and underserved communities as our products

and services help customers attain financial

independence and create sustainable livelihoods.

We believe that the stage is now set for us to

broaden our vision, which appropriately reflects

our evolving goals and aspirations. Our previous

emphasis was on being the foremost financial

services provider in rural and semi-urban areas,

which formed the backbone of our business, as is

currently as well. However, our vision in its new

avatar goes beyond that, aiming to position us

as “A leading and responsible financial solutions

partner of choice for Emerging India”. This new

vision encompasses our commitment to service

our customers in emerging India in a responsible

manner and simultaneously achieve profitable

growth. It further establishes our commitment

to be a provider of comprehensive financial

solutions, beyond lending. The phrase "partner

of choice" holds significance as it reflects our

dedication to prioritising digital initiatives,

enhancing customer experience, and expanding

our range of products.

Under succession planning and to ensure a

seamless transition, the Board has appointed

Mr. Raul Rebello as the Executive Director and

MD & CEO – designate effective 1st May 2023.

He is a young leader. Throughout his career, he

has demonstrated an impressive track record

of accelerating growth in large businesses and

incubating ideas for the future. He understands

rural and is aligned with the Company’s vision.

He would eventually take over from Mr. Ramesh

Iyer, who has built such a formidable franchise

over the years, as he superannuates in April 2024.

I am confident that Raul will further build and

strengthen the moats and take your Company to

greater heights in the coming years.

We thank our customers for their faith and

confidence in your Company to deliver their

requirements and needs. We owe a debt of

gratitude to all the employees for helping build

the Company and its businesses. We thank all

other stakeholders including all the Members

for their continued support. I envision greater

achievements for the Company in the years

to come and look forward to a successful

year ahead.

Regards,

Dr. Anish Shah

Chairman

Our vision in its new avatar goes

beyond that, aiming to position

us as “A leading and responsible

financial solutions partner of choice

for Emerging India”. This new vision

encompasses our commitment

to service our customers in

emerging India in a responsible

manner and simultaneously achieve

profitable growth.

Empowering Emerging India

INTEGRATED REPORT 2022-23

19

18

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

& Sustainability

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements:

Dear Stakeholders,

As we finally seemed to emerge from the

shadows of COVID-19 last year, we started to

navigate our way through a post-pandemic world

marred by the war in Ukraine, hyper-inflation,

supply chain disruptions, tight labour markets, an

ever-deepening climate change crisis. Despite the

challenging environment, we continued to deliver

strong operating and financial performance, and

I am enormously proud of our achievements.

Our strengths of long-lasting relationships,

deep penetration, pan-India presence and

multi-product approach enabled us to maintain

a robust performance despite the headwinds of

intensified competition in an increasing interest

rate environment.

Our performance

We achieved remarkable growth in both the

vehicle segment and our emerging SME business,

leading to our highest-ever annual disbursements

of ₹ 49,451 crores, marking an impressive 80%

increase over the previous year. Our total income

also saw substantial growth of 14%, reaching

₹ 11,056 crores compared to ₹ 9,719 crores in

the previous year. Notably, our profit after tax

reached ₹ 1,984 crores, reflecting a significant

growth of 101% compared to ₹ 989 crores in

the previous year. The Board has recommended a

dividend of 300% of face value, i.e. ₹ 6/- per share

on equity shares of face value of ₹ 2/- each.

Additionally, we were able to deliver consistent

improvement in asset quality, with our Gross

Stage-3 reducing to 4.5% in comparison to

7.7% at the end of the previous year. The

robust performance scorecard we achieved is

a result of our continuous thrust on process

excellence, digitalisation, sharp eye on innovation

to build sustainable competitive advantage

and a 360-degree focus on enhancing

customer experience.

Improved rural cash flows during the year

supported demand sentiments. Our leadership

position further strengthened in the Tractor,

Mahindra Auto and non-Mahindra financing

segments with improvement in market shares.

Increasing penetration in used vehicle financing

continues to be our focus area. The Collection

War Room set up by the Company continues

to focus on early bucket resolutions and the

use of legal toolkits for enhanced outcomes.

I am pleased to report that your Company is

well-capitalised, with a strong capital adequacy

ratio of 22.5% which provides ammunition for

future growth.

Delivering on our Mission 2025

We demonstrated our strong execution capabilities

by consistently delivering focused outcomes across

all our business verticals. We are well on track to

achieve our targets outlined in our Mission 2025.

To ensure progress towards these targets, we

have implemented several strategic initiatives and

established specific goals. These include the use

of data and analytics in the underwriting process,

improved review mechanisms aided by automated

dashboards, strengthening the collection engine with

the help of decision support data-enabled processes

and legal toolkits, etc. We are progressing well in

our objective to expand the share of the non-vehicle

portfolio by nurturing the business of SME lending.

Additionally, within the vehicle segment, our products

are now appealing to mass-affluent customers from

rural, semi-urban and urban areas.

Digital and data analytics

Digital innovation and technology enhancements

play a crucial role in realising our vision of creating

sustainable value for all stakeholders. We launched

a specialised end-to-end digital journey named

‘Used Car Digi Loans’ through which customers will

get customised loan offers from Mahindra Finance,

enabling them to take faster buying decisions.

We also expanded ML/AI penetration through

business intelligence dashboards and insights which

have aided in rolling out business and strategic

business initiatives.

Responsibility towards planet

At Mahindra Finance, we are committed to protecting

the environment and conserving natural resources.

Our approach to environmental sustainability is

guided by our internal policies and aligns with

relevant external standards. Our continued

commitment to social responsibility is reflected in

our signing of the UNGC to promote 10 principles

in the areas of human rights, labour standards,

environment, and anti-corruption. We have our focus

on financing of electrical vehicles, which are part of

our green product portfolio. This has been taken into

consideration while formulating our sustainability

roadmap too. During 2022-23, we financed upwards

of 18,000 electric vehicles.

Investing in people and

communities

The collective capabilities of our talented

workforce have been instrumental in driving our

success thus far, and we remain committed to

further investing in their development. Our strong

local presence and connection, facilitated by

our dedicated employees, have played a crucial

role in fostering customer relationships. Our

employee training programmes help cultivate a

mindset that aligns with crucial values such as

customer-centricity, professionalism, and a strong

focus on quality. It acts as a catalyst for both

individual and organisational growth, reinforcing

our values and fostering a culture of continuous

improvement and excellence.

We are implementing Udaan, a comprehensive

transformation initiative supported by technology

and digital expertise, to revolutionise our current

business practices. Through Udaan, we aspire

to enhance the overall experience for both our

employees and customers by rethinking our

processes and journey. We are currently in the

process of designing and implementing various

programmes aimed at improving the lending

journey, encompassing aspects such as sourcing,

cross-selling, underwriting, loan processing, and

collections. This transformation will ultimately

result in improved stakeholder experience,

faster turnaround times, and increased digital

proficiency through cutting-edge services.

Our CSR initiatives are aligned with the mission

of transforming lives and driving positive change

in the communities around us. We have identified

Health, Education & Livelihood and Environment

as key CSR thrust areas. In alignment with

Mahindra Group’s ‘Rise for Good’ philosophy,

through our unique business model, we are

making a difference in the lives of many and

thereby addressing the demands of people in the

country. During the year, we could meaningfully

touch the lives of over 2,50,000 individuals by

helping them enhance their capabilities.

Before concluding, I would like to extend my

heartfelt gratitude to all you stakeholders for

your continued support of the Company and

strong belief in our abilities. It is our constant

endeavour to create sustainable value for all of

you consistently.

Regards,

Ramesh Iyer

Vice-Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director - Financial Services Sector, is a

member of the Mahindra & Mahindra Group Sustainability Council.

Mahindra Finance Sustainability Council

To act as a liaison between the Mahindra Finance businesses and the Group Sustainability

Council. Consists of a cross-functional team using an integrated network.

Responsibilities are to:

●

Effectively integrate sustainability into business strategy and practices

●

Ensure all relevant sustainability policies and goals are well-informed, aligned and

efficiently executed

●

Ensure a high level of organisational understanding, alignment and engagement of the

sustainability vision throughout the Company

Sustainability champions (FSS Level)

Leading sustainability for each business with responsibility for:

●

Disseminating information, ensuring monitoring and review of data and information

●

Being a single point of contact between the businesses and the sustainability cell

●

Ensuring reporting under the GRI framework

●

Implementing initiatives and driving sustainability awareness programmes

Region-wise Sustainability Champions (Regional Office level)

Overall responsibility at the regional office for data collection. They are aided by a team of

sustainability enthusiasts to implement various sustainability activities.

Board’s role

The Board has the primary responsibility for

setting the strategic direction of the Company

and ensuring that the Company's affairs are

appropriately managed. This involves establishing

the corporation's strategic direction, evaluating and

approving strategic initiatives, and assessing the

issues, forces, and risks that drive the Company's

long-term performance. The Board is tasked with the

crucial responsibility of overseeing and ensuring the

Company's long-term growth and success.

Key responsibilities

●

Strategising

●

Challenging and supporting the management to

drive sustainable value creation for shareholders

●

Entrepreneurial and ethical leadership and

engaging with stakeholders

●

Promoting our culture, purpose, and values

●

A framework for effective internal and financial

control and prudent risk management

●

Compliance with law and recognition

Empowering Emerging India

INTEGRATED REPORT 2022-23

47

46

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

& Sustainability

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements:

letter

and spirit.

The manual provides guidance on how to strengthen internal controls at each stage of the

project management and how to improve their processes, procedures and operations-related

MMFSL-supported CSR programmes. The manual was developed in the consultative manner with the

CSR implementation partners of the Company.

Empowering Emerging India

INTEGRATED REPORT 2022-23

51

50

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

& Sustainability

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements:

Managing Director

*Ceased to be Director with effect from 12th May 2023

#Shall cease to be Director with effect from 28th July 2023

Dr. Anish Shah

Non-executive Chairman

Dr. Anish Shah is the: Managing

Managing Director

Mr. Ramesh Iyer’s key mandate at Mahindra Group is to drive inclusive growth

aligned to the Group’s guiding belief of driving rural prosperity. He has been

instrumental in building Mahindra Finance since 1994 into one of India’s leading

rural finance companies.

Mr. Iyer manages the Financial Services Sector of the Mahindra Group with total

Assets Under Management (AUM) of the Sector being an upwards of ₹ 1,00,000

crores (around $ 13 billion). This Sector includes Mahindra & Mahindra Financial

Services Limited (a listed Entity with over $ 4 billion market capitalisation),

Mahindra Insurance Brokers Limited, Mahindra Rural Housing Finance Limited,

Mahindra Manulife Investment Management Private Limited, Mahindra Manulife

Trustee Private Limited and Mahindra Ideal Finance, Sri Lanka. He also oversees the

operations of Mahindra Finance USA, LLC. a U.S. joint venture with De Lage Landen

Financial Services Inc. (DLLFS) a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Rabobank Group.

Mr. Iyer has been closely involved in the development of the country’s dynamic

Financial Services Sector. Mr. Iyer is the Chairman of the Finance Industry

Development Council (FIDC) and also co-chairs the NBFC Committee of the IMC

Chamber of Commerce & Industry. He is a member of various Committees like

the CII National Committee on Financial Inclusion and Digitisation, the CII National

Committee on Leadership & HR, the Banking & Finance Committee of the Bombay

Chamber of Commerce and Industry (BCCI) and the Taskforce of NBFCs of the

Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI).

Apart from being on the various bodies of the Financial Services Sector, Mr. Iyer is

also on the Advisory Boards of various Educational Institutions like IITB-Washington

University, Vidyalankar Institute of Technology – School of Management, WeSchool's

PGDM-Rural Management Committee and on the College Development Committee

of Vivek College of Commerce.

Mr. Iyer holds a Bachelor’s degree in Commerce and a Master’s degree in

Business Administration.

Mr. Dhananjay Mungale

Independent Director

Mr. Dhananjay Mungale is a seasoned banker and finance professional with

extensive global experience in investment banking, corporate banking, and private

banking across Europe and India. Over 25 years, he served in leadership positions in

Europe and India at Bank of America and DSP Merrill Lynch.

Since 1999, Mr. Mungale serves on the Boards of eminent Companies in India as

an independent director. Over the period these have included Mahindra Finance,

JP Morgan Asset Management, L&T Infra Finance, LIC Housing Finance, Mahindra

CIE Automotive, TN Petro Products, DSP Blackrock, Kalpataru Ltd., NOCIL Ltd.,

Chowgule Steamship etc. He also serves on Advisory Boards of select private

equity organisations and investment committees of family offices in India and

London. He also regularly mentors young talent in the Fintech start up sector

across India and abroad.

Besides his business and professional achievements, Mr. Mungale also finds time

to work with eminent institutions in educational and not-for-profit domains as a

member of their Governing Councils. These have included Mahindra United World

Colleges and Oxford Centre for Hindu Studies.

Mr. Mungale has completed his Bachelor's in Commerce and Law from the University

of Mumbai and is an Associate Member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants

of India.

Governance

Mr. C. B. Bhave

Independent Director

Mr. Chandrashekhar Bhave started his career in the Indian Administrative Service

(IAS) in 1975 after completing his Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering.

He worked in different positions in the Central and State Governments and also

won awards from the Government of Maharashtra for his outstanding work in

the area of family welfare and excellence in administration. He then worked in the

Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) as a Senior Executive Director from

1992–1996, helping create the regulatory infrastructure for Indian capital markets.

Mr. Bhave then took voluntary retirement from the IAS to set up the National

Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) in 1996 and was its Chairman and Managing

Director from 1996 to 2008. Mr. Bhave was the Chairman of SEBI, India's

capital markets regulator, from 2008 to 2011. He was also the Chairman of the

Asia-Pacific Regional Committee and a member of the Technical and Executive

Committees of the International Organisation of Securities Commissions (IOSCO)

over this period.

Mr. Bhave had several professional affiliations that include:

●

Member of the Board of the Public Interest Oversight Board (PIOB), Madrid

which supervises the work of the standard-setting bodies of the International

Federation of Accountants from the perspective of public interest (2011-2017).

●

Trustee of the IFRS Foundation, London that oversees the International

Accounting Standards Board (2012-2017).

Mr. Bhave is the Non-executive Chairman of the Indian Institute for Human

Settlements, a non-profit organisation established to create and disseminate

knowledge related to human settlements in the context of urban areas.

Ms. Rama Bijapurkar

Independent Director

Ms. Rama Bijapurkar is a respected thought leader on business-market strategy

and India’s consumer economy and has four decades of experience in market

research and marketing and business strategy consulting.

She is a very experienced independent director, having served on the Boards

of several blue-chip corporates, including in the financial services sector and

social organisations, and has also served on the governing councils of academic

institutions and social organisations.

She has been Visiting Faculty and Professor of Management Practice at the Indian

Institute of Management Ahmedabad. She is also an author of acclaimed books on

India’s consumer market and consumer-based business strategy.

Ms. Bijapurkar holds a B.Sc. (Hons) degree in physics from the University of

Delhi and a Post Graduate Diploma in Management from the Indian Institute

of Management, Ahmedabad. Past employment includes McKinsey & Company,

MARG Marketing and Research Group (now AC Nielsen India) and Mode Services

(now TNS India).

CHAIRPERSON

MEMBER

Empowering Emerging India

INTEGRATED REPORT 2022-23

55

54

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

& Sustainability

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements:

Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer

in 2013. During his tenure with SBI, he had, among various diverse assignments,

partnered with Unique Identification Authority of India Limited for the rollout

of the biometric-based unique identification programme of the Government of

India (Aadhaar).

Mr. Gupta was also the Chief Executive Officer of SBI Cards and Chief Operating

Officer of State Bank of Patiala, a subsidiary of SBI. After his stint in SBI, he worked

as a Senior Advisor (Banking Project) at Aditya Birla Nuvo Ltd. and as an Advisor

at India Value Fund Advisors, a leading India-focused PE fund (since rebranded as

True North). Mr. Gupta has also worked with the Asian Development Bank, Manila

(ADB), where he oversaw the private sector and PPP operations of the Bank

and participated in the Bank’s broader corporate initiatives like launching and

operationalising the biometric-based National ID system of the Philippines (akin to

Aadhaar), and creating ADB Ventures, a donor-funded hybrid venture trust fund.

He has chaired the Digital Innovation Sandbox and has been a member of the

steering committee supervising ADB’s digital agenda.

Mr. Gupta was a Member of the Expert Committee for Resolution Framework for

COVID-19-related Stress, constituted by RBI in 2020. He was Chairman of the

Task Force created by the Department of Financial Services, Ministry of Finance,

Government of India, to review consortium / multiple lending and suggest measures

to make it more efficient. He was also a member of the High-Level Steering

Committee to review the Supervisory Processes of Banks, chaired by the Deputy

Governor of the Reserve Bank of India.

CHAIRPERSON

MEMBER

Empowering Emerging India

INTEGRATED REPORT 2022-23

57

56

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

& Sustainability

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements:

Chairman's Message, Vice-

chairman & MD's message

18-21

2-23 Policy commitments

Governance

49

2-24 Embedding policy commitments

Governance

49

2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations

Governance

50

2-28 Membership associations

Governance

47-48

Stakeholder

engagement

2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement

Stakeholder enagagement

34-35

2-30 Collective bargaining agreements

As there are no trade

unions, there is no collective

bargaining agreements'

-

Material Topics

GRI 3: Material

Topics 2021

3-1 Process to determine material topics

Materiality

36-39

3-2 List of material topics

Materiality

36-39

Economic

Performance

GRI 201: Economic

Performance 2016

3-3 Management of material topics

Investor

65

201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed

Investor

65

GRI 203: Indirect

Economic Impacts

2016

3-3 Management of material topics

Community

81

203-2 Significant indirect economic impacts

Community

81

GRI 204:

Procurement

Practices 2016

3-3 Management of material topics

Suppliers and Vendors

87

204-1 Proportion of spending on local suppliers

Suppliers and Vendors

87

GRI 205: Anti-

corruption 2016

3-3 Management of material topics

Business Responsibility &

Sustainability Reporting

221-222

205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption

policies and procedures

Business Responsibility &

Sustainability Reporting

221

205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken

Business Responsibility &

Sustainability Reporting

221

GRI Standard No.

Disclosure

Location

Section

Page No.

GRI 204:

Procurement

Practices 2016

3-3 Management of material topics

Business Responsibility &

Sustainability Reporting

240

206-1 Legal actions for anti-competitive behavior, anti-trust,

and monopoly practices

Business Responsibility &

Sustainability Reporting

240

Environmental Performance

GRI 302: Energy

2016

3-3 Management of material topics

Environment

89

302-1 Energy consumption within the organisation

Environment

90

302-2 Energy consumption outside of the organisation

Environment

90

302-3 Energy intensity

Environment

90

302-4 Reduction of energy consumption

Environment

89

GRI 303: Water and

Effluents 2018

3-3 Management of material topics

Environment

91

303-5 Water consumption

Environment

91

GRI 305: Emissions

2016

3-3 Management of material topics

Environment

89

305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

Environment

90

305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions

Environment

90

305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions

Environment

90

305-4 GHG emissions intensity

Environment

90

GRI 306: Waste

2020

3-3 Management of material topics

Environment

91

306-5 Waste directed to disposal

Environment

91

Social Performance

GRI 401:

Employment 2016

3-3 Management of material topics

People

76

401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover

People

79

401-3 Parental leave

People

79

GRI 403:

Occupational

Health and Safety

2018

3-3 Management of material topics

People

77

403-9 Work-related injuries

People

77

GRI 404: Training

and Education

2016

3-3 Management of material topics

People

75

404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee

People

79

GRI 405: Diversity

and Equal

Opportunity 2016

3-3 Management of material topics

People

73

405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees

People

73

GRI 406: Non-

discrimination

2016

3-3 Management of material topics

Business Responsibility &

Sustainability Reporting

232-234

406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions

taken

Business Responsibility &

Sustainability Reporting

232

GRI 408: Child

Labor 2016

3-3 Management of material topics

Business Responsibility &

Sustainability Reporting

232-234

408-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for

incidents of child labor

Business Responsibility &

Sustainability Reporting

232

GRI 409: Forced or

Compulsory Labor

2016

3-3 Management of material topics

Business Responsibility &

Sustainability Reporting

232-234

409-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for

incidents of forced or compulsory labor

Business Responsibility &

Sustainability Reporting

232

GRI 413: Local

Communities 2016

3-3 Management of material topics

Community

81

413-1 Operations with local community engagement, impact

assessments, and development programs

Community

82-85

GRI 417: Marketing

and Labeling 2016

3-3 Management of material topics

Customer

68-71

417-1 Requirements for product and service information

and labeling

Customer

68-71

417-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning product and

service information and labeling

The Company operates in a

highly regulated sector with

strong systems, and no such

incidents were reported.

-

417-3 Incidents of non-compliance concerning marketing

communications

The Company operates in a

highly regulated sector with

strong systems, and no such

incidents were reported.

-

Annexures

Empowering Emerging India

INTEGRATED REPORT 2022-23

101

100

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

& Sustainability

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements:

Dear Shareholders,

Your Directors are pleased to present their Thirty-third Report together with the audited financial statements

of your Company for the Financial Year ended 31st March 2023 (“FY2023”).

Financial Summary and Operational Highlights

₹ in crores

Particulars

Consolidated

% Change

Standalone

% Change

FY2023

FY2022

FY2023

FY2022

Total Income

12,832.4

11,400.5

12.6

11,056.1

9,718.8

13.8

Less : Finance Costs

5,094.3

4,417.4

4,576.7

3,920.2

Expenditure

4,695.6

5,347.3

3,539.6

4,314.9

Depreciation, Amortisation and Impairment

226.0

152.0

187.2

126.8

Total Expenses

10,015.9

9,916.7

1.0

8,303.5

8,361.9

(0.7)

Profit before exceptional items and taxes

2,816.5

1,483.8

2,752.6

1,356.9

Share of profit of Associates & Joint Ventures

43.0

45.0

-

-

Exceptional items

(56.1)

20.6

(54.5)

-

Profit Before Tax

2,803.8

1,549.4

81.0

2,698.1

1,356.9

98.8

Less : Provision For Tax

-

-

-

-

Current Tax

498.2

411.4

486.3

348.1

Deferred Tax

234.4

(12.3)

227.5

20.0

Profit After Tax for the Year

2,071.2

1,150.3

80.1

1,984.3

988.8

100.7

Less : Profit for the year attributable to

Non-controlling interests

(1.2)

13.4

-

-

Profit for the Year attributable to owners of

the Company

2,072.4

1,136.9

82.3

1,984.3

988.8

100.7

Balance of profit brought forward from earlier

years

6,147.0

5,285.0

5,248.0

4,558.4

Add: Other Comprehensive income /(Loss)

(13.3)

(3.2)

(12.9)

(2.4)

Balance available for appropriation

8,206.1

6,418.7

7,219.4

5,544.8

Less: Appropriations

-

-

-

-

Dividend paid on Equity Shares

443.9

98.6

444.8

98.8

Transfer to Statutory Reserves

398.1

223.6

398.0

198.0

Add/Less: Other Adjustments:

Gross obligation at fair value to acquire

non-controlling interest

59.4

54.4

-

-

Changes in Group’s Interest

(1.4)

(3.9)

-

-

Balance carried forward to balance sheet

7,422.1

6,147.0

6,376.6

5,248.0

Net worth

18,560.1

16,896.3

9.8

17,088.9

15,628.1

9.3

*Due to rounding off, numbers presented in above table may not add up precisely to the totals provided

Consolidated Performance Highlights

Total Income for the year was ₹ 12,832.4 crores as

compared to ₹ 11,400.5 crores in FY2022.

Revenue from operations for the year was

₹ 12,699.5 crores as compared to ₹ 11,317.6

crores in FY2022.

Profit Before Tax (“PBT”) for the year was ₹ 2,803.8

crores as compared to ₹ 1,549.4 crores in FY2022.

Profit After Tax (“PAT”) (Net of non-controlling

interest) for the year was ₹ 2,072.4 crores as

compared to ₹ 1,136.9 crores in FY2022.

Standalone Performance Highlights

During the year under review, the Company has

disbursed ₹ 49,541.4 crores as against ₹ 27,581.5

crores during the previous year, an increase of

79.6% over the same period in previous year.

Total Income was ₹ 11,056.1 crores for the year

ended 31st March 2023 as compared to ₹ 9,718.8

crores for the previous year.

PBT grew by 98.8% at ₹ 2,698.1 crores as

compared to ₹ 1,356.9 crores for the previous year.

PAT grew by 100.7% at ₹ 1,984.3 crores as

compared to ₹ 988.8 crores in the previous year.

Board’s

Report

The Assets Under Management (“AUM”) stood at

₹ 99,565 crores as at 31st March 2023 as against

₹ 79,797 crores as at 31st March 2022.

Gross Stage 3 improved due to focused collection

initiatives and macro tailwinds. The Gross Stage 3 loan

assets stood at ₹ 3,717 crores, lower than that on

31st March 2022 (₹ 4,976 crores). The Gross Stage

3% to Business Assets declined from 7.7% as at

31st March 2022 to 4.5% as at 31st March 2023.

Material changes from the end of the financial year

till the date of this report

No material changes and commitments have occurred

after the closure of the FY2023 till the date of this

Report, which would affect the financial position of

your Company.

ECL and other updates

The Company has updated the Expected Credit Loss

(“ECL”) model with the latest set of data at periodic

intervals for the year ended 31st March 2023, to

capture the significant changes in economic and

market drivers, customer behaviours and government

actions to reduce the risk of uncertainty due to

judgements and estimations considering economic

outlook data as per government agencies around the

growth parameters. The Company also continues to

undertake risk assessment of its credit exposures

in addition to the model determined ECL provision,

to reflect deterioration in the macroeconomic

outlook and uncertainty in credit evaluations. The

Company held provisions (expected credit loss on

financial assets) aggregating to ₹ 3,294.7 crores

as on 31st March 2023 (₹ 4,508.8 crores as on

31st March 2022).

The

Company’s

net

Non-Performing

Assets

(“NPA”), net Stage-3 assets ratio stood at 1.9%

as at 31st March 2023 as against 3.4% as at

31st March 2022.

Transfer to Reserves

The Company proposes to transfer an amount

of ₹ 398.1 crores to the Statutory Reserves, in

compliance with Section 45-IC of the Reserve Bank of

India Act, 1934. Further, the Board of your Company

has decided not to transfer any amount to the

General Reserve for the year under review. An amount

of ₹ 6,376.6 crores is proposed to be retained in the

Profit and Loss Account of the Company.

The Company maintains sufficient liquidity buffer to

fulfil its obligations arising out of issue of debentures.

The Company being an NBFC, is exempt from

transferring any amount to debenture redemption

reserve in respect of privately placed or public issue

of debentures, as per the provisions of Section 71 of

the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 18 of the

Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules,

2014. The Company in respect of secured listed

non-convertible debt securities maintains 100%

security cover or higher security cover as per the

terms of Information Memorandum and/or Debenture

Trust Deed, sufficient to discharge the principal amount

and interest thereon.

Dividend

Considering stellar performance and strong cash

flows, your Directors are pleased to recommend

a dividend of ₹ 6 per equity share (300%) on the

face value of ₹ 2 each, for FY2023 vis- a- vis 180%

dividend in FY2022. Dividend is subject to approval of

the Members at the ensuing Annual General Meeting

and shall be subject to deduction of tax at source.

The dividend outgo for FY2023 will absorb a sum of

₹ 741.3 crores, which constitutes 37.35% pay out of

Company’s Standalone Profits for FY2023 and the

same is within the ceilings specified in the Reserve

Bank of India (“RBI”) guidelines on Declaration of

Dividend by NBFCs dated 24th June 2021.

The Company has not paid any Interim Dividend during

the financial year under review.

The dividend recommended is in accordance with

the Company’s Dividend Distribution Policy and in

compliance with the framework prescribed in RBI

guidelines on Declaration of Dividend by NBFCs.

Tax on Dividend

In terms of the provisions of the Income-tax Act,

1961, the Company will make payment of dividend

after deduction of tax at source (“TDS”) as per the

prescribed rates, to those shareholders whose name

appear as beneficial owner/ member in the list of

beneficial owners to be furnished by National Securities

Depository Limited/ Central Depository Services

(India) Limited in case of shares held in dematerialised

form, or in the Register of Members in case of shares

held in physical form, as at the close of business hours

on 21st July 2023 (Book Closure).

The Company has by email dated 17th May 2023,

informed the Members about the deduction of tax at

source on dividend. As it is imperative for the Company

to receive the relevant information and declarations

from shareholders to determine the details of the

TDS rates applicable to different categories of

shareholders, shareholders are requested to submit

the necessary documents as mentioned in the

aforesaid communication, on or before 10th July 2023.

The said communication is also uploaded on the website

of the Company at https://www.mahindrafinance.com/

investors/disclosures-reg-46-62/investor-information.

Considering stellar performance and

strong cash flows, your Directors are

pleased to recommend a dividend of

₹ 6 per equity share (300%) on the

face value of ₹ 2 each, for FY2023

vis-a-vis 180% dividend in FY2022.

Empowering Emerging India

INTEGRATED REPORT 2022-23

105

104

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

& Sustainability

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements:

Managing Director of the Company

under the Company’s Employee Stock Option Scheme

would vest as per the applicable vesting schedule.

Economy

Global Economy

Global Economy remains resilient and appears to

be in a position wherein gradual recovery with the

blow of Russia–Ukraine war is underway. Supply chain

disruptions which has led to shortage in availability

of products are unwinding. Inflation which has been

a cause of continuous concern seems to now be

retracing back. Growth looks to rebound in 2024

after the bottoming out in 2023. However, there

seems to be turbulence beneath the surface with

inflation continuing to be stickier than anticipated,

sharp effect of policy tightening after a long cycle of

benign interest rates resulting in sizable markdowns

on long term fixed rate investments. Further, turmoil

in the banking system in some advanced economies

have triggered risk aversion, flight to safety and

heightened volatility. The state of financial health

of the system shall depend on the ability of policy

makers to take swift actions by building greater

oversight. In contrast, the pace of growth in emerging

markets and developing nations are even stronger

with growth being visible at 4.5% (in the fourth

quarter of the current year) compared to 2.8% (in

the fourth quarter of 2022).

Domestic Economy

Economic activity remained resilient in the last

quarter of FY2023. A strong Rabi production,

expansion in industrial production and growth in

core industries all indicates positive growth in the

agricultural and industrial activity. The inflation

trajectory for FY2024 would be shaped by both

domestic and global factors. Global financial market

volatility has surged, with potential upsides for

imported inflation risks. The expectation of a good

rabi crop should strengthen rural demand, while the

sustained buoyancy in contact-intensive services

should support urban demand. Government’s thrust

on capital expenditure continues and continuing

strong capacity utilisation in manufacturing, double

digit credit growth and the moderation in commodity

prices are expected to bolster manufacturing and

investment activity. The external demand drag could

accentuate, given slowing global trade and output.

Protracted geopolitical tensions, tight global financial

conditions and global financial market volatility

pose risks to the outlook. Taking all these factors

into consideration, real GDP growth for 2023-24

is projected at 6.5% with Q1:2023-24 being the

highest at 7.8%.

CRISIL Limited upgraded your

Company’s long term credit rating to

CRISIL AAA/Stable. With this upgrade,

your Company enjoys highest rating for

its long term and short term borrowing

programmes from all the credit

rating agencies it is associated with.

Management Discussion and Analysis

In accordance with the applicable provisions of the

Master Direction issued by the Reserve Bank of

India and the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015, a detailed analysis

of the Company’s performance is discussed in the

Management Discussion and Analysis Report, which

forms part of this Annual Report.

Corporate Governance

Your Company practices a culture that is built on

core values and ethical governance practices. Your

Company is committed to Integrity and transparency

in all its dealings and places high emphasis on business

ethics. The Board of your Company exercises its

fiduciary responsibilities in the widest sense of term and

endeavours to enhance long-term shareholder value.

The Governance framework is anchored by the clearly

defined policies and procedures covering areas such

anti- bribery and anti-corruption, Prevention of Sexual

Harassment at Workplace and Whistle Blower Policy.

A Report on Corporate Governance along with

a Certificate from M/s. Makarand M. Joshi & Co.

certifying

compliance

with

the

conditions

of

Corporate Governance as stipulated in Regulations

17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) and (t) of sub-regulation

(2) of Regulation 46 and Para C, D and E of Schedule

V of the Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 forms part of this Annual Report.

Investor Relations

During the current year, your Company has met

multiple

investors

and

analysts–both

domestic

and international. These sessions were undertaken

through a mix of one-on-one or group meetings.

Your Company also participated in multiple domestic

conferences organised by reputed broking houses,

in addition to accessing overseas investors through

Non-Deal Roadshows ("NDRs"). Having meetings in

virtual format (through conference calls and video-

conferencing) enabled accessing a larger investor

base. Your Company holds quarterly and annual

earnings calls through structured conference

calls and/or weblinks, details of which are made

available to public through the Company’s website

and stock exchange(s).

During these meetings/ earnings calls, the interactions

are based on generally available information accessible

to the public in a non-discriminatory manner. No

unpublished price-sensitive information is shared

during such meetings. Your Company believes in

transparent communication and have been voluntarily

disclosing critical information regarding Company’s

performance through monthly updates.

Silent period

As a good governance practice, your Company

voluntarily observes a ‘Silent / Quiet period’ starting

from 1st day of the start of the month after the

end of the quarter for which the financial results

are to be announced till the time of announcement

of said results. During this period, no interactions

with investors/ analysts/funds are held to discuss

unpublished financial performance of the Company

to ensure protection of the Company’s Unpublished

Price Sensitive Information (“UPSI”).

Consolidated Financial Statements

The Consolidated Financial Statements of your

Company, its subsidiaries, associate/joint venture for

FY2023, prepared in accordance with the relevant

provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and

applicable Indian Accounting Standards along with all

relevant documents and the Auditors’ Report form

part of this Annual Report.

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 136 of the

Act, the Standalone and Consolidated Financial

Statements of the Company, along with relevant

documents and financial statement of each of the

subsidiaries of the Company are available on the

website of the Company and can be accessed at the

web-link: https://www.mahindrafinance.com/investors/

disclosures-reg-46-62/financial-information

Subsidiaries, Joint Venture(s) and Associate(s)

A report on the performance and financial position

of each of the Company’s subsidiaries, associate/

joint venture is included in the Consolidated Financial

Statements and the salient features of their

financial statements and their contribution to overall

performance of the Company as required under

Section 129(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the

Act”) read with Rule 8(1) of The Companies (Accounts)

Rules, 2014, is provided in Form AOC-1, annexed as

‘Annexure A’ to the Consolidated Financial Statements

and forms part of this Annual Report.

Material Subsidiary

Regulation 16 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“the

Listing Regulations”) defines a “material subsidiary” to

mean a subsidiary, whose income or net worth exceeds

ten percent of the consolidated income or net worth

respectively, of the listed entity and its subsidiaries in

the immediately preceding accounting year.

Accordingly, Mahindra Rural Housing Finance Limited

is a material, debt listed subsidiary, of your Company.

Your Company voluntarily observes

a ‘Silent / Quiet period’ starting from

1st day of the start of the month after

the end of the quarter for which the

financial results are to be announced till

the time of announcement of said results.

During this period, no interactions are

held with investors/ analysts/funds

to protect Company's UPSI.

Empowering Emerging India

INTEGRATED REPORT 2022-23

111

110

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

& Sustainability

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements:

Managing Director of the

Company designated as ‘: Managing Director &

CEO’ w.e.f. 30th April 2024 to 30th April 2028

(both days inclusive).

Mr. Raul Rebello will assume the office of the

Managing Director effective 30th April 2024, after

superannuation of Mr. Ramesh Iyer, Vice-

letter of

appointment, which also stipulates various terms and

conditions of their engagement. The terms of reference

of all the Committees with updations, if any, is shared

with all the Board Members on quarterly basis.: Managing

Managing Director/Whole-time Director

from Holding or Subsidiary Company

During FY2023, Mr. Ramesh Iyer, Vice Chairman

&: Managing

Managing Director

DIN:00007563

DIN:00220759

Place: Mumbai

Date: 28th April 2023

Executive Summary of Impact Assessment Reports

A brief outline of Projects for which Impact Assessment was carried out and the executive summary of

the Impact Assessment Reports are given below:

1. COVID-19 Relief - Distribution of medical

beds and supplies:

To fight the COVID 19 pandemic, MMFSL as a

part of their CSR initiative implemented Covid

19 Relief project, distributed supplies to various

government hospitals, medical centres, medical

colleges and covid care centers.

The project was implemented through a non-

profit implementation partner (IP), People to

People Health India Foundation (PPHF).

Objective of the project: To enable the

hospitals to be in preparedness for combating

the COVID 19 Pandemic by providing equipment

and consumables.

Project period: June 2021 to September 2021

Total outlay: ₹ 1.03 crores.

Impact Assessment Agency: Think Through

Consultancy (TTC)

Key Findings:

• 150 beds with linen, PPE kits and cleaning and

hygiene kits were provided to 3 Covid Care

Centers viz Christ Hospital in Chandrapur,

Maharashtra; Guwahati Medical College

in Guwahati, Assam and Sadar Hospital in

Chaibasa, Jharkhand.

• PPE kits and cleaning and hygiene kits helped

the centers/ hospitals prepare for covid

pandemic.

• Hospitals could maintain covid protocols

effectively without compromising their own

health as well as that of patients.

• Beds enabled hospitals to accommodate more

Covid 19 patients.

• The other equipment donated by Mahindra

Finance were vital and helped the hospitals to

render quality health care.

• Despite travel restrictions between states,

the IP was successfully able to coordinate and

distribute the resources to the target location

within the planned timeline.

• Implementation agency implemented the

project as per the ToR documented in the MOU

• Medical equipment and beds are currently

b eing u s e d in o t h e r w a rd s na m ely in

emergency, pediatric wards and patient

waiting areas.

2. Swabhimaan:

“SWABHIMAAN-a holistic driver development

programme” is a flagship CSR initiative of Mahindra

Finance. This is a multi-year ongoing programme.

Under this flagship initiative, MMFSL initiated 6

interventions in several states throughout India in

partnership with regional implementing partners (IP).

i.

Drivers Training for Freshers

ii.

Road Safety Awareness Training for Drivers

iii.

Financial Planning Training for Drivers

iv.

Scholarship for Drivers’ Children

v.

Insurance for Drivers

vi.

Auto Mechanic Training for women

Objective

of

the

program:

To

address

professional, financial, and familial level challenges

faced by the driver community and their families.

Project Period: April 2021 to March 2022

Total Outlay spent: ₹ 10.57 crores.

Impact Assessment agency: Think through

Consultancy

Key Findings:

i.

Driver Training for Freshers:

• 76% of trained candidates studied upto

Grade XII assuring right selection of

beneficiaries

• 95% respondents were satisfied with the

training session & on road practice

• All candidates received (NSQF) L4 level

certification post-training

• 98% respondents had been able to gain

jobs and equal% of respondents revealed

that now their family looked up to them

with pride and respect.

• 89% respondents have observed a steady

increase in income

ii.

Road Safety Training

• 95% respondents attended a training on

road safety for the first time

• 100% of respondent found the training

relevant and useful

• 79% of respondents suggested that

the training has reduced the number of

accidents

• 71% agree to have brought changes in

their driving after the program

• 83% respondents acknowledged that they

had learned important life skills

• E n h a n c e d k n o w l e d g e o f b a s i c

vehicular maintenance, first aid, fatigue

management, and the importance of

taking breaks

Empowering Emerging India

INTEGRATED REPORT 2022-23

139

138

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

& Sustainability

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements:

letter of even date which is annexed as ‘Annexure A’ and forms an integral

part of this report.

‘Annexure A’

To,

The Members,

Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited

Gateway Building, Apollo Bunder, Mumbai -400 001

Our report of even date is to be read along with this: letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the company. Our responsibility

is to express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance

about the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to

ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices,

we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of

the company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules

and regulations and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards

is the responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on

test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the

efficacy or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the company.

For Makarand M. Joshi & Co.

Company Secretaries

Makarand M. Joshi

Partner

FCS: 5533

CP: 3662

Place: Mumbai

PR: 640/2019

Date: 28th April 2023

UDIN: F005533E000218350

Empowering Emerging India

INTEGRATED REPORT 2022-23

143

142

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

& Sustainability

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements

Managing Director

7.16

7.16

17.76

(4.91)

144.65

Mr. Amit Raje^^

Whole-time Director

4.09

8.44

N.A.

N.A.

170.51

Mr. Vivek Karve

Chief Financial Officer

3.22

3.22

37.02

37.02

N.A.

Ms. Brijbala Batwal@@

Company Secretary

0.78

0.91

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

1.

The remuneration of Independent Directors includes sitting fees and commission.

2.

The calculations are based on employees who were on the rolls of the Company for the whole of FY2022 and FY2023.

3.

*Dr. Anish Shah, Non-Executive Chairman, being in the whole-time employment of Mahindra & Mahindra Limited ("M&M"), the

Holding Company, does not receive any remuneration from the Company.

4.

@The percentage increase in the remuneration of Mr. Milind Sarwate and Dr. Rebecca Nugent for FY2023 is higher than

the other Non-Executive Directors on account of sitting fees paid to them towards Committee meetings, of which they are

members and whose frequency has been higher as compared to previous year.

5.

#Mr. Amit Kumar Sinha, Non-Executive Director, being in the whole-time employment of Mahindra & Mahindra Limited (M&M),

the Holding Company does not receive any remuneration from the Company. Further, he was appointed as Non-Executive Non-

Independent Director of the Company w.e.f. 23rd April 2021 and will cease as a Director effective close of 33rd Annual General

Meeting scheduled to be held on 28th July 2023.

6.

^Sitting Fees and Commission is paid to Life Insurance Corporation of India.

7.

##Mr. Diwakar Gupta was appointed as an Independent Director w.e.f. 1st January 2023, hence percentage increase in

remuneration is not reported.

8.

**During FY2023, Mr. Ramesh Iyer has not exercised any ESOPs granted to him. In addition to the above remuneration, Mr.

Ramesh Iyer has received an amount of ₹ 89.23 lakhs during FY2023 upon settlement of 4th vesting of the employee’s

phantom stock options granted by Mahindra Insurance Brokers Limited, subsidiary of the Company. Mr. Iyer is entitled to an

aggregate incentive of ₹ 31.96 Lakhs, to be paid in FY2024 and FY2025.

9.

^^Mr. Amit Raje ceased to be a Whole-time Director (“WTD”) and Key Managerial Personnel w.e.f. 28th July 2022. Mr. Raje ceased

to be in employment of the Company w.e.f 30th November 2022. Since he was associated for part of FY2023 percentage

increase in remuneration is not reported.

Mr. Raje was earlier associated with the Holding Company viz. Mahindra & Mahindra (“M&M”) as Executive Vice President –

Partnerships & Alliances, wherein he was granted 97,783 ESOPs of M&M at an exercise price of ₹ 5/- per share. While he was

paid remuneration from the Company during his stint with the Company as WTD, out of 43,458 ESOPs of M&M vested and

exercisable by him, he exercised 34,028 ESOPs during FY2023. The unvested options on the date of his separation from the

Company, have lapsed.

Annexure IV

Details pertaining to the remuneration as required under

Section 197(12) read with Rule 5(1) of Companies

(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014

10. @@Appointed as Company Secretary of the Company w.e.f. 1st February 2022. Since Ms. Brijbala Batwal was associated for part

of FY2022 percentage increase in remuneration is not reported.

Ms. Brijbala Batwal was earlier associated with the Mahindra & Mahindra Limited (“M&M”) wherein she was granted 5,295

ESOPs of M&M at an exercise price of ₹ 5/- per share. While she is paid remuneration from the Company, out of 4,236 vested

ESOPs of M&M, she has exercised 1,059 ESOPs in FY2023.

I.

The ratio of the remuneration of each Director

to the median remuneration of the employees

of the Company for the Financial Year:

The median remuneration of employees of the

Company during FY2023 was ₹ 0.05 crores and

ratio of the remuneration of each Director to the

median remuneration of the employees of the

Company for the financial year is provided in the

above table.

II. The percentage increase in the median

remuneration of employees in the Financial

Year:

In the financial year there was an increase

of 43.89% in the median remuneration of

employees, taking into consideration employees

who were in employment for the whole of FY2022

and FY2023.

III. Number of permanent employees on the

rolls of the Company:

There were 26,329 permanent employees on the

rolls of the Company as on 31st March 2023.

IV. Average percentile increase already made

in the salaries of employees other than the

managerial personnel in the last Financial

Year and its comparison with the percentile

increase in the managerial remuneration

and justification thereof and point out if

there are any exceptional circumstances for

increase in the managerial remuneration:

Average percentage increase made in the salaries

of employees other than the managerial personnel

in FY2023 was 27.48% whereas the increase

in the managerial remuneration in FY2023 was

23.13%.

Key parameters for variable component of

remuneration

The remuneration of the Executive Directors is

decided basis the individual performance, Company

performance, inflation, prevailing industry trends

and benchmarks. The remuneration of eligible

Non-Executive Directors consists of commission

and sitting fees. While deciding the remuneration,

various factors such as Director’s participation

in Board and Committee Meetings during the

year, other responsibilities undertaken, such as

Membership

or

Chairmanship/Chairpersonship

of Committees and such other factors as the

Nomination

and

Remuneration

Committee

deemed fit were taken into consideration.

The increment given to each individual employee

is based on the employees’ potential, experience

as also their performance and contribution to the

Company’s progress over a period of time.

V. Affirmation that the remuneration is as per

the Remuneration Policy of the Company:

The remuneration paid/payable is as per the Policy

on Remuneration of Directors and Remuneration

Policy for Key Managerial Personnel, Senior

Management

and

other

Employees

of

the Company.

Empowering Emerging India

INTEGRATED REPORT 2022-23

145

144

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

& Sustainability

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements:

letter for loan

restructuring in app, applying for life/health &

two-wheeler insurance etc. The Customer App

support process has been automated with call

centre leading to faster resolution of customer

issues and higher customer satisfaction.

(ii) The benefits derived like product improvement,

cost reduction, product development or import

substitution:

• The digital collection from customers crossed

₹ 8,400 crores which is 40% more than the

previous year. Digital collection has also led

to cost optimisation by migrating the cash

customers to digital mode. The payment

collection through Mahindra Finance (“MF”) App

contributes to 16% (average) of the overall

digital collection. The App has also made it

easy for customers to access loan account

and Fixed Deposit details and track their new

loan application. Various customer servicing

features available on App have resulted in saving

time and money of the customers incurred in

visiting branch offices of the Company.

• During FY2023, WhatsApp Bot users have

increased to 3.5 lakh registered users, an

increase of 250% vis-à-vis FY2022.

• Collection through BBPS crossed ₹ 630 crores,

which is 79% of total digital collection for March

2023, registering a growth of 53% over previous

year. Under repayment category your Company

stood 1st as a biller in terms of transaction value

and stood 7th as a biller in terms of transaction

count for the month of February 2023.

(iii) In case of imported technology (imported

during the last three years reckoned from the

beginning of the Financial Year):

Not Applicable.

(iv) The expenditure incurred on Research and

Development: Your Company has not incurred

any expenditure on Research and Development

during the year under review.

Empowering Emerging India

INTEGRATED REPORT 2022-23

147

146

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

& Sustainability

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements:

letter and in spirit. A Report on compliance

with the Code of Corporate Governance as

stipulated in the Listing Regulations, for the year

ended 31st March 2023 (year under review) and

developments up to the date of this report are

given below:

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The composition of the Board of your Company is

in conformity with the provisions of the Companies

Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and the Listing Regulations, as

amended from time to time.

The Board of your Company comprised ten Directors

as on 31st March 2023 and as on date of this Report.

As on the date of the report, the Company has a Non-

Executive Non-Independent Chairman, 1 Executive

Director, 2 Non-Executive Non-Independent Directors

and 6 Independent Directors [including 2 (two) Women

Independent Directors].

Board Composition as on 31st March 2023

80% Men

20% Women

60% Independent Director

30% Non- Executive

Non-Independent Directors

10% Executive Director

All the Directors have strong academic background

and possess rich experience in general corporate

management, banking, finance, economics, marketing,

digitisation, analytics, strategy formulation and

other allied fields that allow them to contribute

effectively by actively participating in the Board and

Committee Meetings, providing valuable guidance

and expert advice to the Board and the Management

and enhancing the quality of Board’s decision-

making process.

Detailed profile of the Directors is available on

the Company’s website at the web-link: https://

mahindrafinance.com/discover-mahindra-finance/

management.

Report on

Corporate Governance

COMPOSITION OF THE BOARD

Composition and other details of Board of Directors as on 31st March 2023

Dr. Anish Shah

DIN – 02719429

Non-Executive Chairman

Nationality

USA (OCI Card holder, resident

of India)

Age

53

Date of Appointment

18th March 2016

Tenure on Board

7 years

Term Ending Date

N.A.

Shareholding

Nil

Board Memberships - Indian Listed Entities

Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited

Non-Executive Non-Independent

Director & Chairman

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited: Managing Director & CEO

Mahindra Logistics Limited

Non-Executive Non-Independent

Director &

Managing Director & In-Charge

The India Cements Limited

Non-Executive

(Nominee Director)

Other Directorships*

2

Committee details as per Regulation 26 of

Listing Regulations**

Chairperson: 0

Member: 1#

Notes:

*

Excludes Directorships in private limited companies, foreign companies and companies registered under Section 8 of the Act.

**

Committees considered are Audit Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee including in MMFSL. In the

Committee details provided, Committee Membership(s) includes Chairmanship(s).

&

Tenure has been considered w.e.f. 1st April 2014, in line with statutory guidelines for Independent Directors.

#

Life Insurance Corporation of India has been included, though incorporated under the Life Insurance Corporation Act, 1956.

Mr. Amit Kumar Sinha

DIN – 09127387

Non-Executive Non-Independent Director

Nationality

Indian

Age

49

Date of Appointment

23rd April 2021

Tenure on Board

1 year and 11 months

Term Ending Date

N.A.

Shareholding

Nil

Board Memberships - Indian Listed Entities

Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited

Non-Executive Non-Independent

Director

Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited

Other Directorships*

2

Committee details as per Regulation 26 of

Listing Regulations**

Chairperson: 0

Member: 1

Empowering Emerging India

175

174

INTEGRATED REPORT 2022-23

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

& Sustainability

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements:

Managing Director

of the Company on 29th April 2024.

In compliance with RBI Circular No. RBI/2022-23/26

DOR.ACC.REC.No.20/21.04.018/2022-23 dated 19th

April 2022, the details of change in composition of the

Board during the previous financial year i.e. FY2022 is

given below:

Board Members

Change in FY2022

Effective date / Period

Mr. Dhananjay Mungale

Resigned as the Chairman of the Board. Continues as an Independent

Director

1st April 2021

Dr. Anish Shah

Director of the Company was appointed as the Non-Executive

Chairman.

w.e.f. 2nd April 2021

Mr. Amit Raje*

Appointed as Whole-time Director, designated as Chief Operating

Officer Digital Finance - Digital Business Unit

1st April 2021

(for a period of five years.)

Mr. Amit Kumar Sinha*

Appointed as an Additional, Non-Executive Non-Independent Director.

23rd April 2021

Mr. Ramesh Iyer*

Re-appointed as: Managing Director, designated as “Vice-

Managing Director

and Mr. Raul Rebello, Executive Director and MD &

CEO- Designate, do not serve as Independent Director

in any company.

The above compliances were met throughout the year.

CERTIFICATE REGARDING NON-DEBARMENT

AND NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS

A certificate issued by M/s. Makarand M. Joshi & Co.,

Company Secretaries, pursuant to Regulation 34(3)

read with Clause 10 (i) of Paragraph C of Schedule

V of the Listing Regulations, certifying that none of

the Directors on the Board of the Company as on

31st March 2023, have been debarred or disqualified

from being appointed or continuing as Directors of

the companies by the Securities and Exchange Board

of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Reserve Bank

of India, or any such Statutory Authority is attached

at the end of the Corporate Governance Report as

“Annexure A”.

BOARD

CONFIRMATION

REGARDING

INDEPENDENCE OF THE INDEPENDENT

DIRECTORS

The Company has received declarations from all the

Independent Directors confirming that they meet the

criteria of independence as prescribed under Section

149(6) of the Act read with Rules framed thereunder,

and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations. In

terms of Regulation 25(8) of the Listing Regulations,

the Independent Directors have confirmed that they

are not aware of any circumstance or situation which

exists or may be reasonably anticipated that could

impair or impact their ability to discharge their duties

with an objective independent judgement and without

any external influence.

Based on the disclosures received from all the

Independent Directors, the Board after taking these

declarations/disclosures on record and acknowledging

the veracity of the same, concluded that the

Independent Directors are persons of integrity and

possess the relevant expertise, proficiency, and

experience to qualify and continue as Independent

Directors of the Company and are Independent of

the Management.

None of the Independent Directors of the Company

have resigned during the financial year.

MEETINGS OF INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS

Meetings of Independent Directors were held on 8th

September 2022 and 16th March 2023, vis-a-vis the

Statutory mandate of holding minimum one meeting

in a year. These Meetings were conducted without

the presence of the Non-Independent Directors and

members of the Management wherein they put forth

their views and also discussed the matters relating to

Company’s affairs.

At these Meetings, the Independent Directors reviewed

the performance of Non-Independent Directors and

the Board as a whole, reviewed the performance of

the Chairman of the Company, assessed the quality,

quantity, and timeliness of the flow of information

between the Management and the Board and its

Committees that is necessary for the Board to

effectively and reasonably perform and discharge its

duties. Both these Meetings were well attended by

the Independent Directors.

FAMILIARISATION PROGRAMME FOR DIRECTORS

The Company has adopted a structured programme

for orientation for Independent Directors at the

time of their joining so as to familiarise them with

the Company – its operations, business, industry and

environment in which it functions and the regulatory

environment applicable to it.

Pursuant to the provisions of the Act and Regulation

25(7) of the Listing Regulations, the Company has

during the year conducted familiarisation programmes

through briefings at Board/ Committee meetings for

all its Directors including Independent Directors, which

inter alia, included the following:

• Organising an annual Strategy Board Meeting which

was attended by the Management and Functional

Heads to deliberate on various topics related to the

long-term Vision and Strategy of the Company;

• Quarterly reviews including Business performance

update and Financial review;

• Presentations made by Internal Auditors and

Statutory Auditors;

• Updates on Risk Management, mitigation and

Enterprise Risk Management;

• Review of Strategic Investments and Business

Opportunities of the Company;

• Industry Outlook, Competition update, update on

Indian and Global macro-economic front;

• Information Technology Framework including

Digitalisation initiatives;

• Strategy/Performance and investments made by

subsidiary companies;

• Implementation of Liquidity Risk Management

(“LRM”) framework and Review of LRM & Asset

Liability Management (“ALM”) returns;

• Briefing on Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”)

activities, Business Responsibility and Sustainability

Report (“BRSR”) performance and Environmental,

Social and Governance (“ESG”) initiatives;

• Update on Company’s remuneration policies

and Succession Planning for KMPs and Senior

Management;

• Prevention of Insider Trading Regulations, Listing

Regulations;

• Discussion on Internal Control over Financial

Reporting, Internal Control Processes, Framework

for Related Party Transactions, etc.

Empowering Emerging India

179

178

INTEGRATED REPORT 2022-23

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

& Sustainability

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements:

Managing Director (“VC and MD”) apprises

the Board at every quarterly Board Meeting on the

overall performance of the Company, as well as the

current market conditions including the Company’s

business and the regulatory scenario, followed by

presentations by the Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) of

the Company on Financial performance of Company,

its subsidiaries, and JVs. Functional and other updates

are also presented to the Board on periodical basis.

Review of subsidiary matters

The Board is briefed on the operating and financial

performance of the subsidiaries. The minutes of

the Board meetings of your Company’s subsidiary

companies, business performance along with a

statement of all significant transactions, arrangements

entered into, and investments made by the unlisted

subsidiary companies are placed before the Board.

Further, observations/ supervisory concerns arising

from inspection reports, if any, from regulators

governing respective subsidiaries of the Company,

penalties levied, if any, and impact of key regulatory

changes are also placed before the Board for its review.

Notice of meetings and agenda

The Company sends the notice of the meetings

accompanied by detailed agenda and agenda notes

setting out the business to be transacted at the

Meeting(s) to each Director at least seven days before

the date of the Board and Committee Meetings except

in case of shorter notice to transact urgent business.

All the agenda items are supported by detailed notes,

rationale for proposal, documents, and presentations,

if any, to enable the Board to take informed decisions.

The Company has a well-established framework

for the meetings of the Board and its Committees

which seeks to systematise the decision-making

process at the Board and Committee meetings in an

informed and efficient manner. A summary of all the

proposals forming part of the agenda is circulated to

the Board for ease of reference. Further, a summary

of the minutes is also circulated post conclusion of

the meeting.

During FY2023, no Board meeting was held at a

shorter notice, except the meeting held on 26th

September 2022 and 4th October 2022.

The matters generally placed before the Board, inter-alia, includes:

Strategic matters

Statutory and Governance matters

• Reviewing and guiding the corporate strategy;

• Details of any acquisition or collaboration agreement;

• Sale of investment, subsidiaries or assets which are

material in nature.

• Materially important show cause, demand, prosecution

notices and penalty notices, if any;

• Any issue which involves possible public or product liability

claims of substantial nature;

• Corporate Social Responsibility related matters;

Operational matters

• Appointment and remuneration to Directors, KMP and SMP;

• Quarterly compliance certificate with exceptions, if any, of

regulatory or statutory compliances;

• Overseeing risk management framework of the Company;

• Appointment of Joint Statutory Auditors;

• Minutes of meetings of the Board and its committees

along with the minutes of its subsidiaries and resolutions

passed by circulation;

• Approval of policies as statutorily required and

recommended by the Board Committees;

• Approval for re-constitution of Committees of Board and

amendment to the terms of reference;

• Significant transactions or arrangements by subsidiary

companies;

• Statutory disclosures received from the directors and

Senior Management;

• Performance evaluation of the Board, its committees and

each director;

• Quarterly review of related party transactions and other

related matters;

• Quarterly review of Complaints, if any, under the Sexual

Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention,

Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 [ “POSH ACT”];

• Quarterly returns on frauds monitoring system;

• Noting of various returns/reports filed with the regulatory

authorities/Stock Exchanges;

• Annual review of the Internal Audit Report/ Action taken

report provided by the Registrar and Transfer Agent.

• Business performance along with performance of

subsidiaries;

• Annual operating plans and capital budgets;

• Regular business/function updates;

• Appointment and remuneration of directors, key managerial

personnel, senior management and succession planning;

• Noting of RBI Inspection Report under Section 45N of the

RBI Act 1934;

• Change in signatories for various operational matters;

• Noting of quarterly report on customer grievance

redressal.

Finance matters

• Quarterly/Annual consolidated and standalone results and

financial statements of the Company;

• Recommendation of Dividend;

• Quarterly details of foreign exchange exposures and

hedging;

• Quarterly details on Loans/ Inter-Corporate Deposits given,

Investments made, guarantees given or securities provided.

Frequency and Calendar of Meetings

The Board and Committee meetings are pre-scheduled, and an annual calendar of the meetings is circulated

to the Directors well in advance.

The frequency of meetings scheduled and held are higher than the statutory requirement to enable review

of all Company matters at periodical intervals. The statutory frequency and number of meetings held during

FY2023 are given below:

Nature of Meeting

Annual

frequency of

meeting as

prescribed

statutorily

No. of Meetings

held in FY2023

Board

4

7

Audit Committee

4

6

Nomination and Remuneration Committee

1

5

Stakeholders Relationship Committee

1

2

Risk Management Committee

2

5

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

Not specified

3

Process for preparation of Agendas for Board and

its Committees

The agenda of the Board and the Committee Meeting

are prepared in consultation with the Chairman, VC

& MD, and the CFO. The Agenda proposals are also

shared with Chairpersons of respective Committees

to seek their inputs before dispatch of Agenda.

Members of the Board/Committees are encouraged

to freely express their views on the agenda items

and are assisted with necessary clarifications and

information that they might need with respect to

the Agenda even prior to the meeting to enable

Empowering Emerging India

181

180

INTEGRATED REPORT 2022-23

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

& Sustainability

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements:

Managing Director to this effect is enclosed at the end

of this Report.

CEO & CFO CERTIFICATION

As required under Regulation 17(8) read with Part

B of Schedule II of the Listing Regulations, the

Vice-Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director – Designate, w.e.f. 3rd February

2023

E

Recommended the re-constitution of Audit Committee, NRC, RMC and ALCO

E

Recommended the amendment to the Policy on appointment of Directors, Senior Management and Succession

Planning for orderly succession to the Board and Senior Management and Policy for Key Managerial Personnel,

Senior Management and other Employees.

E

Succession planning

P

A-Annually; E-Event based; P-Periodically

Empowering Emerging India

189

188

INTEGRATED REPORT 2022-23

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

& Sustainability

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements:

Managing Director

and CEO

As on the date of this report, the Chairman of the

Board is a Non-Executive Director and his position is

separate from that of the Vice-Chairman & Managing

Director. They are not related to each other.

OTHER DISCLOSURES

Disclosure in relation to recommendations made by

the Committees of the Board

During the year under review, there were no

recommendations made by any Committee of the

Board that were mandatorily required and not

accepted by the Board.

Details of utilisation of funds raised through

Preferential Allotment or Qualified Institutions

Placement

During the year under review, your Company

has not raised funds through any Preferential

Allotment or Qualified Institutions Placement

as specified under Regulation 32 (7A) of the

Listing Regulations.

Fees paid to the Statutory Auditors and all entities in the network firm/ entities

The details of fees for all the services paid by the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis to

Statutory Auditors of the Company, and all entities in the network firm/network entity of which the Statutory

Auditors are a part, are given below:

₹ in crores#

Particulars

Mukund M.

Chitale &

Co.(“MMC”)

Deloitte

Haskins &

Sells(“DHS”)

Total fees for

FY2023

Statutory Audit

0.58*

0.85

1.43

Other permissible Services

0.17**

0.15

0.32

Reimbursement of expenses

0.01

0.03

0.04

Total

0.76

1.03

1.79

# The above amounts are inclusive of GST.

* Includes ₹ 0.08 crores paid by Mahindra Insurance Brokers Limited (“MIBL”), subsidiary of the Company to MMC, towards Statutory

Audit fees for FY2023.

** Includes ₹ 0.05 crores paid by MIBL to MMC towards other services during FY2023.

Disclosure in relation to the Sexual Harassment of

Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and

Redressal) Act, 2013 (“POSH Act”)

The Company is an equal opportunity employer and

is committed to ensuring that the work environment

at all its locations is conducive to fair, safe and

harmonious relations between employees. It strongly

believes in upholding the dignity of all its employees,

irrespective of their gender or seniority. Discrimination

and harassment of any type are strictly prohibited.

The Company has in place a comprehensive Policy

in accordance with the provisions of POSH Act and

Rules made thereunder.

All employees (permanent, contractual, temporary

and trainees) are covered under this Policy. The Policy

has been widely communicated internally and is placed

on the Company’s intranet portal. The Company

ensures that no employee is disadvantaged by way of

gender discrimination.

The POSH Policy is available on the website of the

Company and can be accessed at the web-link: https://

www.mahindrafinance.com//investors/disclosures-

reg-46-62/corporate-governance#MMFSL-policies.

The Company has complied with the provisions

relating to the constitution of the Internal Complaints

Committee (“ICC”) under the POSH Act to redress

complaints received regarding sexual harassment.

To ensure that all the employees are sensitised

regarding issues of sexual harassment, the Company

conducts an online Induction Training through the

learning platform M-Drona (Internal Training App).

The following is a summary of Sexual Harassment

complaint(s)

received

and

disposed

off

during

FY2023, pursuant to the POSH Act and Rules

framed thereunder:

a)

Number of complaint(s) of Sexual Harassment

received during the year – 1

b)

Number of complaint(s) disposed off during the

year – 1

c)

Number of cases pending as at 31st March

2023– 0

d)

Number of workshops/awareness programme

on the subject carried out during the year under

review were as under:

Empowering Emerging India

203

202

INTEGRATED REPORT 2022-23

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

& Sustainability

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements:

Letter of Confirmation

for the said transactions and will give effect to the

transaction once the securities are dematerialised.

Members holding shares in physical form are requested

to get their shares dematerialised at the earliest.

Members are accordingly requested to get in touch

with any Depository Participant having registration

with SEBI to open a Demat account and get their

shares dematerialised or alternatively, contact the

nearest office of KFin to seek guidance about the

dematerialisation procedure. The Members may also

visit the website of the Depositories viz. (i) National

Securities Depository Limited at the web-link: https://

nsdl.co.in/faqs/faq.php or (ii) Central Depository

Services (India) Limited at the web-link: https://

www.cdslindia.com/Investors/FAQs.html for further

understanding about the dematerialisation process.

The Stakeholders Relationship Committee meets

as and when required to inter alia, consider other

requests for transmission of shares/debentures,

issue of duplicate share/debenture certificates, and

attend to grievances of the security holders of the

Company, etc.

Secretarial Audit Report and Reconciliation of Share

Capital Audit

As

a

voluntary

good

governance

practice,

M/s. Makarand M. Joshi & Co., Company Secretaries,

had conducted Secretarial Audit on the compliances

by the Company, on a quarterly basis and the report

has been placed before the Board every quarter.

Further, M/s. Makarand M. Joshi & Co., Company

Secretaries have provided the Secretarial Audit

Report of the Company for FY2023. The Audit

Report confirms that your Company has complied

with the applicable provisions of the Act and the

Rules made there under, the Listing Regulations,

applicable RBI Regulations, Listing Agreements

with

the

Stock

Exchanges,

applicable

SEBI

Regulations and other laws applicable to the

Company. The Secretarial Audit Report forms part

of the Board’s Report.

The Secretarial Audit Report does not contain any

qualification, reservation or adverse remark.

Pursuant

to

Regulation

40(9)

of

the

Listing

Regulations certificates have been issued on a half-

yearly basis, by a qualified Company Secretary in

Practice, certifying due compliance of share transfer

formalities by the Company.

A qualified Practicing Company Secretary carries out

a quarterly reconciliation of Share Capital Audit, to

reconcile the total admitted Equity Share capital with

National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) and

Central Depository Services (India) Limited (CDSL)

and the total issued and listed Equity Share capital.

The quarterly audit for FY2023 confirms that the

total issued/paid-up capital is in agreement with the

aggregate of the total number of shares in physical

form and the total number of shares in dematerialised

form held with NSDL and CDSL.

Annual Secretarial Compliance Report

Pursuant to SEBI Circular dated 8th February 2019,

as amended, read with regulation 24A of the Listing

Regulations and Circulars issued by Stock Exchanges

in this regard, the Annual Secretarial Compliance

Report for FY2023 issued by M/s. Makarand M. Joshi

& Co., Company Secretaries, confirming compliance

with all applicable SEBI Regulations and Circulars/

Guidelines issued thereunder has been filed with the

Stock Exchanges.

Further, as required by the Circular dated 10th April

2023 issued by the Stock Exchanges, the Secretarial

Auditor has additionally confirmed that Company is

compliant with the following statutory provisions

for FY2023 as applicable.

1.

Compliance with the Secretarial Standards

2.

Adoption and timely updation of Policies

3.

Maintenance and disclosures on Website

4.

None of the Director of the Company are

disqualified under Section 164 of Companies

Act, 2013

5.

Examination of details related to Subsidiaries of

listed entities

6.

Preservation of Documents

7.

Performance Evaluation

8.

Related Party Transactions

9.

Disclosure of events or information

10. Compliance with Regulation 3(5) & 3(6) SEBI

(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015

Address for Correspondence

Equity Shares

Shareholders may correspond with the Registrar and

Transfer Agents on all matters relating to transfer,

transmission, dematerialisation of shares, payment

of dividend, change of address, change in bank details

and any other query relating to the Equity Shares of

the Company.

Shareholders would have to correspond with the

respective Depository Participants for shares held in

dematerialised mode.

Non-Convertible Debentures

KFin Technologies Limited also acts as Registrar and

Transfer Agents for the Non-Convertible Debentures

of the Company. Complaints or queries/ requests

relating to Public Issuances of Debentures as well as

the Company’s Privately Placed Debentures can be

forwarded to KFin.

Debenture holders would have to correspond with the

respective Depository Participants for Debentures

held in dematerialised mode.

Investor Services Web-based Query Redressal

System

Investors can provide their feedback on the services

provided by the Company and its Registrar and

Transfer Agent by filling the Shareholder Satisfaction

Survey form available in the Investor Relations Tab on

the website of the Company at the web link: https://

www.mahindrafinance.com/survey-form/survey-form

Contact details at a glance

Company's Address for Correspondence

Mahindra Towers, ‘A Wing’, 4th Floor,

P. K. Kurne Chowk, Worli,

Mumbai - 400 018.

Tel.: +91 22 6652 6000

Fax: +91 22 2497 2741

Email Id: investorhelpline_mmfsl@mahindra.com

KFin Technologies Limited (Registrar and Share

Transfer Agents) - Equity Shares/ Debentures

Unit: Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Ltd.

Selenium Building, Tower B, Plot Nos. 31-32, Financial

District, Nanakramguda, Gachibowli, Serilingampally Mandal,

Hyderabad – 500 032, Telangana, India.

Tel.: +91 40 6716 2222/1800 309 4001

Fax: +91 40 2300 1153

Email: einward.ris@kfintech.com

Website: www.kfintech.com

Also have office at:

24-B, Raja Bahadur Mansion, 6 Ambalal Doshi Marg, Behind

BSE, Fort, Mumbai - 400 001.

Tel.: + 91 22 66 23 5454

Queries/complaints/requests in respect of Fixed

Deposits

Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited,

37 & 38 4th Floor ASV Ramana Towers,

Venkat Narayana Road,

T Nagar, Chennai-600 017, Tamil Nadu.

Contact:

Chennai: +91 44 4227 6006

Mumbai: +91 22 6652 3500/ 1800 266 9266

Email Id: mfinfd@mahindra.com

Debenture Trustee

Axis Trustee Services Limited

Corporate Office: The Ruby, 2nd Floor, SW, 29 Senapati Bapat

Marg, Dadar (West), Mumbai - 400 028.

Phone : 022 – 6230 0451

Fax : 022 – 4325 3000

Email : debenturetrustee@axistrustee.co.in

Date: 28th April 2023

Empowering Emerging India

211

210

INTEGRATED REPORT 2022-23

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

& Sustainability

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements:

Managing Director under Regulation 34(3) read with schedule V of the

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015

To,

The Members of

Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited

I, Ramesh Iyer, Vice-Chairman &: Managing Director of Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited declare

that all the Members of the Board of Directors and Senior Management Personnel have affirmed compliance

with the Code of Conduct for the year ended 31st March 2023.

For Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited

Place : Mumbai

Ramesh Iyer

Date : 28th April 2023

Vice-

Managing Director Mahindra Finance, President Financial Service Sector,

Member of Group Executive Board)

9.

Does the entity have a specified Committee of the Board/ Director responsible for decision making

on Sustainability related issues? (Yes / No). If yes, provide details.

The Board CSR Committee is responsible for implementation of the Policies. The Committee comprises of

three Directors, out of which two are Independent Directors and one is the: Managing

letter in the vernacular language to be issued to all borrowers whose loan have

been sanctioned after due diligence. Disbursement process is initiated after approval of the loan and

verification of requisite documents.

Repayment and Closure: This can be broadly classified as normal repayment, closure and early closure.

After a loan is fully repaid, pre-paid, all documents collected at the time of appraisal including mortgage

release: letter is handed over to the customer indicating that all dues are fully repaid.

Deposits: Mahindra Finance is also a Deposit taking NBFC. The deposit lifecycle begins with sourcing from

the customer or through channel partners. All KYC checks and customer information are collected and

reviewed to ensure compliance and regulations. Deposit Certificates are issued to customers on timely

basis. Regular communication regarding their deposit i.e. maturity, renewal, withdrawal is sent to customers.

The customers have access to online platform to access all information related to their deposits.

Customer Grievance redressal: As a good governance practice, a Report on Customer Grievance

Redressal pertaining to grievances/ complaints received from the Company’s customers is maintained.

Company’s Email address/Call center/toll-free support for grievance redressal and other relevant details

is provided. Employees engaged in customer complaint and resolution ensure that all such complaints are

handled and responded satisfactorily & in Confidentiality manner within a prescribed TAT. Dissatisfaction

with solutions provided can be escalated to nominated persons as provided on the website and details are

also provided over call center support. Post resolution of the complaint, the customer will get a mail/sms

confirming the resolution of the complaint.

2.

If there are any significant social or environmental concerns and/or risks arising from production

or disposal of your products / services, as identified in the Life Cycle Perspective / Assessments

(LCA) or through any other means, briefly describe the same along-with action taken to mitigate

the same.

Name of Product / Service

Description of the risk / concern

Action Taken

Not Applicable

3.

Percentage of recycled or reused input material to total material (by value) used in production

(for manufacturing industry) or providing services (for service industry).

Indicate input material

Recycled or re-used input material

to total material

FY2023

Current

Financial Year

FY2022

Previous

Financial Year

Not Applicable

4.

Of the products and packaging reclaimed at end of life of products, amount (in metric tonnes)

reused, recycled, and safely disposed, as per the following format:

FY2023

Current Financial Year

FY2022

Previous Financial Year

Re-Used

Recycled

Safely Disposed

Re-Used

Recycled

Safely Disposed

Plastics (including

packaging)

-

0.0149

-

-

0.124

-

E-waste

-

59.51

-

-

39

-

Hazardous waste

-

-

-

-

-

-

Other waste (paper &

metal waste)

-

17.5

-

-

5

-

5.

Reclaimed products and their packaging materials (as percentage of products sold) for each

product category.

Indicate product category

Reclaimed products and their packaging materials as % of total

products sold in respective category

NIL

NIL

PRINCIPLE 3

Businesses should respect and promote the well-being of all employees, including those in their value

chains

Essential Indicators

1.

a.

Details of measures for the well-being of employees:

Category

% of employees covered by

Total (A)

Health insurance

Accident insurance

Maternity benefits

Paternity Benefits

Day Care facilities

Number

(B)

% (B/A)

Number

(C)

% (C/A)

Number

(D)

% (D/A)

Number

(E)

% (E/A)

Number

(F)

% (F/A)

Permanent

employees

Male

25,354

25,354

100

25,354

100

N.A

25,354

100

0

0%

Female

975

975

100

975

100

975

100

N.A

Total

26,329

26,329

26,329

975

25,354

Other than

Permanent

employees

Male

1,266

Off role employees at Mahindra Finance are covered under ESIC scheme.

Female

62

Total

1,328

b.

Details of measures for the well-being of workers:

Category

% of workers covered by

Total (A)

Health insurance

Accident insurance

Maternity benefits

Paternity Benefits

Day Care facilities

Number

(B)

% (B/A)

Number

(C)

% (C/A)

Number

(D)

% (D/A)

Number

(E)

% (E/A)

Number

(F)

% (F/A)

Permanent

workers

Male

Not Applicable

Female

Total

Other than

Permanent

workers

Male

Not Applicable

Female

Total

2.

Details of retirement benefits, for Current FY and Previous Financial Year.

Benefits

FY2023 Current Financial Year

FY2022 Previous Financial Year

No. of

employees

covered as

a % of total

employees

No. of workers

covered as a %

of total workers

Deducted and

deposited with

the authority

(Y/N/N.A.)

No. of

employees

covered as

a % of total

employees

No. of

workers

covered as a %

of total workers

Deducted and

deposited with

the authority

(Y/N/N.A.)

PF

100

N.A

Y

100

N.A

Y

Gratuity

100

Y

100

Y

ESI

53.39

Y

50.58

Y

Empowering Emerging India

225

224

INTEGRATED REPORT 2022-23

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

& Sustainability

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements

letter and spirit including providing specific opportunities in identified

positions where they could be employed.

https://www.mahindrafinance.com/media/393196/human-rights-policy.pdf

5.

Return to work and Retention rates of permanent employees and workers that took parental leave.

Gender

Permanent employees

Permanent workers

Return to work

rate (%)

Retention

rate (%)

Return to work

rate (%)

Retention rate

Male

99.59

74.20

NIL

NIL

Female

50.00

63.08

Total

96.35

72.13

6.

Is there a mechanism available to receive and redress grievances for the following categories of

employees and worker? If yes, give details of the mechanism in brief.

Yes/No

(If Yes, then give details of the

mechanism in brief)

Permanent Workers

NA

Other than Permanent Workers

Yes

Permanent Employees

Other than Permanent Employees

NA

The company has Insaaf Policy on its internal portal with an objective to provide standardised policy

for free, fair & time bound closure of disciplinary issues. All stakeholders can raise grievances with the

Corporate Ombudsman, by either sending an e-mail to grievanceredressal_mmfsl@mahindra.com or

reporting verbally on telephone no. 022 6652 6006.

7.

Membership of employees and worker in association(s) or Unions recognised by the listed entity:

Category

FY2023

FY2022

Total

employees

in respective

category

(A)

No. of

employees in

respective

category, who

are part of

association(s)or

Union

(B)

% (B/A)

Total

employees

in respective

category

(C)

No. of

employees

in respective

category, who

are part of

association(s)

or Union

(D)

% (D/C)

Total Permanent

Employees

The Company does not have any employee associations. The Company promotes equal opportunity

to all the employees to raise their queries directly to the senior management through webcast’s

and the same is being answered/addressed by them.

Male

Female

8.

Details of training given to employees and workers:

Category

FY2023

FY2022

Total (A)

On Health and

safety measures

On Skill

up gradation

Total (A)

On Health and

safety measures

On Skill

up gradation

No. (B)

% (B/A)

No. (C)

% (C/A)

No.(E)

% (E/D)

No.(F)

% (F/D)

Employees

Male

25,354

11,600

45.75

22,940

90

19,199

3,428

17.14

16,524

86.06

Female

975

200

20.51

904

93

799

765

95.74

Total

26,329

11,800

44.82

23,844

91

19,998

17,289

86.45

Workers

Male

Not Applicable

Female

Total

9.

Details of performance and career development reviews of employees and worker:

Category

FY2023

FY2022

Current Financial Year

Previous Financial Year

Total (A)

No. (B)

% (B/A)

Total (C)

No. (D)

% (D/C)

Employees

Male

25,354

22,542

89

17,112

16,481

96

Female

975

847

87

724

651

90

Total

26,329

23,389

89

17,835

17,132

96

Workers

Not Applicable

Male

Female

Total

10. Health and safety management system:

a.

Whether an occupational health and safety management system has been implemented by the entity? (Yes/

No). If yes, the coverage such system?

At MMFSL, Occupational Health and Safety Management system (OHSMS) has been developed to improve

performance & reduce work-related accidents.

Coverage:

1)

Emergency Response planning for branches

2)

Incident Reporting and Investigation system at branches

3)

Hazard Identification and risk assessment for fire, electrical safety and other aspects at branches

4)

Safety Training at MMFSL branches

5)

Implementation of control measures at branches

6)

Safety review meeting

b.

What are the processes used to identify work-related hazards and assess risks on routine and non-routine

basis by the entity?

At MMFSL, we have developed Risk Assessment template as per Central Safety council guidelines to

identify work related hazards and assess risks for routine and non routine activities.

c.

Whether you have processes for workers to report the work related hazards and to remove themselves

from such risks. (Y/N)

Yes, we have Incident reporting and investigation process to report work related hazards.

d.

Do the employees/ worker of the entity have access to non-occupational medical and healthcare services?

(Yes/ No)

Yes

Empowering Emerging India

227

226

INTEGRATED REPORT 2022-23

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

& Sustainability

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements:

Letter. These however do not affect our conclusion regarding the report

Uncertainty

The reliability of assurance is subject to uncertainty (ies) that are inherent in the assurance process.

Uncertainties stem from limitations in quantification models used, assumptions or data conversion

factors used or may be present in the estimation of data used to arrive at results. The conclusions in

respect of this assurance are naturally subject to any inherent uncertainty (ies) involved in the

assurance process.

Statement of independence, impartiality, and competence

BVIPL is an independent professional services company that specialises in Quality, Health, Safety,

Social and Environmental management with almost 190 years history in providing independent

assurance services.

BVIPL has implemented a Code of Ethics across the business to maintain high ethical standards among

staff in their day-to-day business activities. We are particularly vigilant in the prevention of conflicts of

interest.

Independent Business

Responsibility and Sustainability

Reporting (BRSR) Assurance

Statement

Page 6 of 6

No member of the assurance team has a business relationship with “MMFSL”, its Directors, Managers

or officials beyond that required of this assignment. We have conducted this verification independently

and there has been no conflict of interest.

The assurance team has extensive experience in conducting assurance over environmental, social,

ethical and health & safety information, systems and processes an excellent understanding of BVIPL

standard methodology for the assurance of BRSR Report.

Bureau Veritas (India) Private Limited

72 Business Park, 9th Floor, MIDC Cross Road ‘C’, Opp. SEEPZ Gate #2,

Andheri (East) Mumbai-400 093 India.

Aanandkrishna Akilla

Lead Assurer

Sanjay Patankar

Technical Reviewer

Date: 17/06/2023

Place: Mumbai, India

Empowering Emerging India

253

252

INTEGRATED REPORT 2022-23

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

& Sustainability

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements:

Managing Director

[DIN: 00220759]

For Mukund M. Chitale & Co.

Vivek Karve

Brijbala Batwal

Chartered Accountants

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Firm’s Registration No: 106655W

Membership No: F5220

M. M. Chitale

Partner

Membership No: 14054

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: 28th April 2023

Date: 28th April 2023

Standalone Balance Sheet

as at 31st March 2023

Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss

for the year ended 31st March 2023

₹ in crores

Particulars

Note

Year ended

31st March 2023

Year ended

31st March 2022

Revenue from operations

i)

Interest income

24

10,682.57

9,475.61

ii)

Dividend income

-

-

iii) Rental income

72.68

26.31

iv) Fees and commission income

25

167.96

105.29

v)

Net gain on fair value changes

26

5.59

50.76

I

Total revenue from operations

10,928.80

9,657.97

II

Other income

27

127.29

60.83

III Total income (I+II)

11,056.09

9,718.80

Expenses

i)

Finance costs

28

4,576.72

3,920.18

ii)

Fees and commission expense

80.24

44.91

iii) Impairment on financial instruments

29

999.23

2,368.30

iv) Employee benefits expenses

30

1,584.27

1,171.40

v)

Depreciation, amortisation and impairment

31

187.23

126.83

vi) Others expenses

32

875.82

730.27

IV Total expenses

8,303.51

8,361.89

V

Profit before exceptional items and tax (III-IV)

2,752.58

1,356.91

VI Exceptional items

33

(54.51)

-

VII Profit before tax (V+VI)

2,698.07

1,356.91

VIII Tax expense:

10 (ii)

(i)

Current tax

486.28

348.16

(ii) Deferred tax

227.47

20.00

713.75

368.16

IX Profit for the year (VII-VIII)

1,984.32

988.75

X

Other Comprehensive Income (OCI)

(A) (i)

Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

- Remeasurement gain / (loss) on defined benefit plans

(17.27)

(3.10)

- Net gain / (loss) on equity instruments through OCI

-

26.01

(ii) Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

10 (iii)

4.35

(5.77)

Subtotal (A)

(12.92)

17.14

(B) (i)

Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss

- Net gain / (loss) on debt instruments through OCI

(88.82)

0.70

- Effective portion of gains and loss on designated portion of hedging

instruments in a cash flow hedge

(6.34)

-

(ii) Income tax relating to items that will be reclassified to profit or loss

10 (iii)

23.95

(0.18)

Subtotal (B)

(71.20)

0.52

Other Comprehensive Income (A+B)

(84.12)

17.67

XI Total Comprehensive Income for the year (IX+X)

1,900.20

1,006.42

XII Earnings per equity share (face value ₹ 2/- per equity share)

34

Basic (Rupees)

16.09

8.02

Diluted (Rupees)

16.08

8.01

The accompanying notes form an integral part of the Standalone financial statements.

1 to 65

In terms of our report attached.

For Deloitte Haskins & Sells

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Chartered Accountants

Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited

Firm’s Registration No: 117365W

Rupen K. Bhatt

Dr. Anish Shah

Ramesh Iyer

Partner

Membership No: 046930

Chairman

[DIN: 02719429]

Vice-Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

[DIN: 00220759]

For Mukund M. Chitale & Co.

Vivek Karve

Brijbala Batwal

Chartered Accountants

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Firm’s Registration No: 106655W

Membership No: F5220

M. M. Chitale

Partner

Membership No: 14054

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: 28th April 2023

Date: 28th April 2023

Empowering Emerging India

269

268

INTEGRATED REPORT 2022-23

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

& Sustainability

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements:

Managing Director

[DIN: 00220759]

For Mukund M. Chitale & Co.

Vivek Karve

Brijbala Batwal

Chartered Accountants

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Firm’s Registration No: 106655W

Membership No: F5220

M. M. Chitale

Partner

Membership No: 14054

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: 28th April 2023

Date: 28th April 2023

Empowering Emerging India

271

270

INTEGRATED REPORT 2022-23

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

& Sustainability

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements:

Managing Director

[DIN: 00220759]

For Mukund M. Chitale & Co.

Vivek Karve

Brijbala Batwal

Chartered Accountants

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Firm’s Registration No: 106655W

Membership No: F5220

M. M. Chitale

Partner

Membership No: 14054

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: 28th April 2023

Date: 28th April 2023:

Managing Director

Rupen K. Bhatt

[DIN: 02719429]

[DIN: 00220759]

Partner

Membership No: 046930

Vivek Karve

Brijbala Batwal

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

For Mukund M. Chitale & Co.

Membership No: F5220

Chartered Accountants

Firm's Registration No: 106655W

M. M. Chitale

Partner

Membership No: 14054

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: 28th April 2023

Date: 28th April 2023

Consolidated Balance Sheet

as at 31st March 2023

Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss

for the year ended 31st March 2023

₹ in crores

Particulars

Note

Year ended

31st March 2023

Year ended

31st March 2022

Revenue from operations

i)

Interest income

24

12,029.51

10,858.08

ii)

Dividend income

0.01

0.02

iii)

Rental income

72.68

26.31

iv) Fees, charges and commission income

25

180.58

109.88

v)

Net gain on fair value changes

26

25.37

51.34

vi) Sale of services

27

391.38

271.94

I

Total Revenue from operations

12,699.53

11,317.57

II

Other income

28

132.87

82.94

III

Total income (I+II)

12,832.40

11,400.51

Expenses

i)

Finance costs

29

5,094.30

4,417.37

ii)

Fees and commission expense

285.26

156.11

iii)

Impairment on financial instruments

30

1,182.59

2,690.38

iv) Employee benefits expenses

31

2,115.33

1,613.12

v)

Depreciation, amortisation and impairment

32

225.96

151.99

vi) Others expenses

33

1,112.46

887.71

IV

Total expenses

10,015.90

9,916.68

V

Profit before exceptional items, share of profit of associate and joint

venture and tax (III-IV)

2,816.50

1,483.83

VI

Exceptional items

34

(56.06)

20.57

VII

Share of Profit of Associate and Joint Venture

43.32

45.02

VIII Profit before tax (V +VI + VII )

2,803.76

1,549.42

IX

Tax expense :

10 (ii)

i)

Current tax

498.15

411.38

ii)

Deferred tax

234.41

(12.30)

732.56

399.08

X

Profit for the year (VIII-IX)

2,071.20

1,150.34

Other Comprehensive Income (OCI)

(A) (i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

-Remeasurement gain / (loss) on defined benefit plans

(17.94)

(4.13)

-Net gain / (loss) on equity instruments through OCI

-

26.01

- Share of other comprehensive income / (loss) of equity accounted

investees

0.04

(0.07)

(ii) Income tax impact thereon

10 (iii)

4.51

(5.50)

Subtotal (A)

(13.39)

16.31

(B) (i) Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss

-

Exchange differences in translating the financial statements of foreign

operations

(2.44)

(27.39)

-

Net gain / (loss) on debt instruments through OCI

(90.76)

(0.16)

-

Effective portion of gains and loss on designated portion of hedging

instruments in a cash flow hedge

(6.34)

-

-

Share of other comprehensive income / (loss) of equity accounted investees

53.79

16.57

(ii) Income tax impact thereon

10 (iii)

24.44

0.04

Subtotal (B)

(21.32)

(10.94)

Other Comprehensive Income (A + B)

(34.71)

5.37

XII

Total Comprehensive Income for the year (X + XI)

2,036.49

1,155.71

Profit for the year attributable to:

Owners of the Company

2,072.40

1,136.87

Non-controlling interests

(1.20)

13.47

2,071.20

1,150.34

Other Comprehensive Income for the year attributable to:

Owners of the Company

(33.63)

18.23

Non-controlling interests

(1.08)

(12.86)

(34.71)

5.37

Total Comprehensive Income for the year attributable to:

Owners of the Company

2,038.77

1,155.10

Non-controlling interests

(2.28)

0.61

2,036.49

1,155.71

XIII Earnings per equity share (Face value ₹ 2/- per equity share)

35

Basic (Rupees)

16.81

9.23

Diluted (Rupees)

16.79

9.21

The accompanying notes form an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

1 to 57

In terms of our report attached.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

For Deloitte Haskins & Sells

Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited

Chartered Accountants

Firm's Registration No: 117365W

Dr. Anish Shah

Ramesh Iyer

Chairman

Vice-Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

Rupen K. Bhatt

[DIN: 02719429]

[DIN: 00220759]

Partner

Membership No: 046930

Vivek Karve

Brijbala Batwal

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

For Mukund M. Chitale & Co.

Membership No: F5220

Chartered Accountants

Firm's Registration No: 106655W

M. M. Chitale

Partner

Membership No: 14054

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: 28th April 2023

Date: 28th April 2023

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

& Sustainability

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements:

Managing Director

Rupen K. Bhatt

[DIN: 02719429]

[DIN: 00220759]

Partner

Membership No: 046930

Vivek Karve

Brijbala Batwal

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

For Mukund M. Chitale & Co.

Membership No: F5220

Chartered Accountants

Firm's Registration No: 106655W

M. M. Chitale

Partner

Membership No: 14054

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: 28th April 2023

Date: 28th April 2023

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

& Sustainability

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements:

Managing Director

Rupen K. Bhatt

[DIN: 02719429]

[DIN: 00220759]

Partner

Membership No: 046930

Vivek Karve

Brijbala Batwal

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

For Mukund M. Chitale & Co.

Membership No: F5220

Chartered Accountants

Firm's Registration No: 106655W

M. M. Chitale

Partner

Membership No: 14054

Place: Mumbai

Place: Mumbai

Date: 28th April 2023

Date: 28th April 2023

Corporate

Overview & IR

Board’s

Report

Management

Discussion and

Analysis

Report on

Corporate

Governance

Business

Responsibility

& Sustainability

Report

Standalone

Financial

Statements

Consolidated

Financial

Statements:

Managing Director

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

[DIN: 02719429]

[DIN: 00220759]

Membership No: F5220

Place: Mumbai

Date : 28th April 2023

Form AOC - I

(Pursuant to first proviso to sub-section (3) of section 129 read with rule 5 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)

Statement containing salient features of the financial statement of subsidiaries /associate companies / joint ventures in the Consolidated

Financial Statements

Part "A" : Subsidiaries [as per section 2(87) of the Companies Act, 2013]

Annexure A

Part "B" : Details of Associates / Joint Ventures [as per section 2(6) of the Companies

Act, 2013]

₹ in crores

Name of Associate / Joint Venture

Mahindra Finance USA,

LLC

1. Latest audited Balance Sheet Date

31st March 2023

2. Date on which the Associate/Joint Venture was associated or acquired

10th January 2011

3. Shares of Associate/Joint Ventures held by the company on the year end

Number of shares held

3,55,83,920

Cost of Investment in Associates/Joint Venture (Rs in crores)

210.55

Proportion of ownership interest %

49.00

4. Description of how there is significant influence

Power to influence

decisions

5. Reason why the associate/joint venture is not consolidated

Not Applicable

6. Networth attributable to Shareholding as per latest audited Balance Sheet (Rs in crores)

725.20

7. Profit/(Loss) for the year

i.

Considered in Consolidation (Rs in crores)

58.99

ii.

Not Considered in Consolidation (Rs in crores)

61.40

For Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited

Dr. Anish Shah

Ramesh Iyer

Chairman

Vice-Chairman &: Managing

