letter dated August 3, 2023, informing about convening the Eightieth

(80th) Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of the Members of RBL Bank Limited (“the Bank”) on Monday,

August 28, 2023, at 11:30 a.m. (IST) through Video Conferencing / Other Audio Visual Means (“VC /

OAVM”).

Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 34(1) of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), we hereby submit the Notice of

the 80th AGM and the Annual Report including the Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report of the

Bank for the financial year 2022-23, which is being sent through electronic mode to the Members whose

email addresses are registered with the Bank/Depository Participant(s). However, the Bank shall provide

physical copy of the Annual Report to those Members who may request for the same.

Further, in terms of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 20 of the Companies (Management

& Administration) Rules, 2014 (as amended), the Bank has fixed Monday, August 21, 2023 as the cut-off

date to determine the eligibility of the Members to cast their vote by remote e-voting prior to the AGM & e-

Voting during the 80th AGM scheduled to be held on Monday, August 28, 2023 through VC/OAVM.

The Notice of the 80th AGM and the Integrated Annual Report for the financial year 2022-23 are also being

uploaded on the website of the Bank at www.rblbank.com.

You are requested to take the same on your record.

Thanking you.

Yours faithfully,

For RBL Bank Limited

Niti Arya

Company Secretary

CC:

National Securities Depository

Limited

4th floor, ‘A’ Wing, Trade World,

Kamala

Mills

Compound,

Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower

Parel, Mumbai – 400013.

Central Depository Services

(India) Limited

Marathon Futurex, Mafatlal Mill

Compounds, A-Wing, 25th floor,

N M Joshi

Marg,

Lower

Parel

(East),

Mumbai - 400013.

Link

Intime

India

Private

Limited

C-101, 247 Park, L.B.S. Marg,

Vikhroli

(West),

Mumbai

–

400083.

BSE Limited,

1st Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,

Dalal Street,

Mumbai – 400001.

Scrip Code: 540065

National Stock Exchange of India Limited,

'Exchange Plaza', C-1 Block G,

Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)

Mumbai – 400051.

Scrip Symbol: RBLBANK

NITI ARYA

Digitally signed by

NITI ARYA

Date: 2023.08.04

13:51:32 +05'30':

letter etc. together with attested

specimen signature of the duly authorized

signatory who are authorized to vote, to

the Scrutinizer and to the Bank at the email

address viz. investorgrievances@rblbank.com

(designated email address by Bank), if they have

voted from individual tab & not uploaded same

in the CDSL e-voting system for the scrutinizer

to verify the same.

(xviii) INSTRUCTIONS FOR SHAREHOLDERS ATTENDING

THE AGM THROUGH VC/OAVM & E-VOTING DURING

AGM ARE AS UNDER:

1.

The procedure for attending AGM & e-Voting on

the day of the AGM is same as the instructions

mentioned above for Remote e-voting.

2.

The link for VC/OAVM to attend AGM will

be available where the EVSN of Bank will be

displayed after successful login as per the

instructions mentioned above for Remote

e-voting.

3.

Shareholders who have voted through Remote

e-Voting will be eligible to attend the AGM.

However, they will not be eligible to vote at the

AGM.

4.

Shareholders are encouraged to join the AGM

through Laptops / IPads for better experience.

5.

Further shareholders will be required to allow

Camera and use Internet with a good speed to

avoid any disturbance during the meeting.

6.

Please note that Participants Connecting from

Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop

connecting via Mobile Hotspot may experience

Audio/Video loss due to Fluctuation in their

respective network. It is therefore recommended

to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate

any kind of aforesaid glitches.

7.

Shareholders who would like to express their

views/ask questions during the AGM may

register themselves as a speaker by sending

their request in advance atleast 7 days

prior to AGM mentioning their name, demat

account number/folio number, email id, mobile

number at investorgrievances@rblbank.com.

The shareholders who do not wish to speak

during the AGM but have queries may send

their queries in advance i.e. 7 days prior to

meeting mentioning their name, demat account

number/folio number, email id, mobile number

at

investorgrievances@rblbank.com.

These

queries will be replied by the Bank suitably.

8.

Those

shareholders

who

have

registered

themselves as a speaker will only be allowed

to express their views/ask questions during the

AGM. The Bank reserves the right to restrict the

number of speakers depending on the availability

of time for the AGM.

9.

Only those shareholders, who are present in the

AGM through VC/OAVM facility and have not

casted their vote on the Resolutions through

remote e-Voting and are otherwise not barred

from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through

e-Voting system available during the AGM.

(xix) PROCESS FOR THOSE SHAREHOLDERS WHOSE

EMAIL/MOBILE NO. ARE NOT REGISTERED WITH

THE BANK / DEPOSITORIES

1.

For Physical shareholders- please provide

necessary details like Folio No., Name of

shareholder, scanned copy of the share certificate

(front and back), PAN (self-attested scanned

copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested

scanned copy of Aadhar Card) along with Form

ISR-1 (as available on the website of the Bank),

by email to investorgrievances@rblbank.com or

rnt.helpdesk@linkintime.co.in.

2.

For Demat shareholders – Please update your

email id & mobile no. with your respective

Depository Participant (DP) which is mandatory

while e-Voting & joining virtual meetings through

Depository.

If you have any queries or issues regarding attending AGM &

e-Voting from the CDSL e-Voting System, you can write an email

to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no.

1800 22 55 33.

All grievances connected with the facility for voting by

electronic means may be addressed to Mr. Rakesh Dalvi,

Sr. Manager, (CDSL,) Central Depository Services (India)

Limited, A Wing, 25th Floor, Marathon Futurex, Mafatlal Mill

Compounds, N M Joshi Marg, Lower Parel (East), Mumbai -

400013 or send an email to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com

or call on toll free no. 1800 22 55 33.:

Managing Director

& CEO, an Executive Director, Seven (7) Independent Directors,

two (2) Non-Executive Directors and One (1) Additional Director

appointed by RBI. In the premises aforesaid, the Board of

Directors recommends that the resulting vacancy so created on

the Board be not filled.

Your Directors, therefore, recommend the Ordinary resolution,

as set forth at Item No. 4 of this Notice, for the approval of the

Members.

Except for Mr. Vimal Bhandari and his relatives, none of the

Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Bank or their relatives

thereof are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially or

otherwise, in the Resolution set out at Item No. 4 of this Notice.

Item No. 5

To approve issue of Debt Securities on Private Placement

basis

In terms of Section 42 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with

rules made thereunder, a company can make private placement

of securities subject to the condition that the proposed offer

of securities or invitation to subscribe securities has been

previously approved by the Members of the company, by

a Special Resolution, for each of the offers or invitations /

subscriptions. It shall be sufficient if the company passes a

previous special resolution only once in a year for all such offers

or invitations during the year.

Accordingly, the Bank had obtained the approval of Members of

the Bank at the 79th Annual General Meeting held on September

21, 2022 for borrowing/raising funds by issue of debt securities

in pursuance of the relevant provisions of the applicable circulars

or guidelines issued by RBI, up to ¢ 3,000 crore (Rupees Three

Thousand Crore Only), in one or more tranches. The subject

Special Resolution as passed by the Members is valid up to

September 20, 2023. However, the Bank did not feel the need

to exercise its powers of borrowing / raising of funds by issue

of debt securities pursuant to the aforesaid enabling approval

obtained from the Members of the Bank.

In order to facilitate the raising of funds by way of issue of debt

securities, it would be necessary to obtain a fresh approval from

the Members of the Bank. Accordingly, the Board of Directors

has approved through their resolution dated July 22, 2023 and

proposed to obtain the consent of the Members of the Bank

for borrowing/raising funds in Indian / foreign currency by

issue of debt securities pursuant to the relevant provisions of

the applicable circulars, directions or guidelines issued by RBI,

Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI upto ¢ 3,000 crore (Rupees

Three Thousand Crore), in one or more tranches.

Further, this would form part of the overall borrowing limits as

approved by Members of the Bank under Section 180(1)(c) of

the Companies Act, 2013. The Resolution under Section 42 of

Companies Act, 2013 shall be valid for a period of one year from

the date of passing of this resolution. Thus, Special Resolution

at Item No. 5 shall be in force from the date of passing of this

Resolution.

The pricing of the debt securities referred above depends

primarily upon the rates prevailing for risk free instruments,

rates on other competing instruments of similar rating and tenor

in the domestic or overseas markets, investor appetite for such

instruments and investor regulations which enable investments

in such instruments. Further, debt securities would be issued for

cash either at par or premium or at discount to the face value

depending upon the prevailing market conditions, as permitted

under the Laws.

Your Directors, therefore, recommend the Special Resolution,

as set forth at Item No. 5 of this Notice, for the approval of

the Members. This resolution is an enabling resolution and

authorizes the Board of Directors of the Bank to offer or invite

subscription for debt securities, as may be required by the Bank,

from time to time during the period of one year from the date of

passing this resolution.

None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the Bank

or their relatives thereof are, in any way financially or otherwise

concerned or interested in the passing of the Special Resolution

as set out at Item No. 5 of this Notice.

By Order of the Board of Directors

Niti Arya

Company Secretary

(FCS: 5586)

Place : Mumbai

Date : July 22, 2023

RBL Bank Limited

CIN: L65191PN1943PLC007308

Registered Office:

1st Lane, Shahupuri, Kolhapur - 416001

Tel no. + 91 231 6650214

Email - investorgrievances@rblbank.com:

letter, self-attested scanned copy of the PAN Card and self-

attested scanned copy of address proof (such as Driving License,

Election Identity Card, Passport, etc.):

Director's Report

Corporate Governance Report

Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report

44

48

74

80

84

86

96

104

114

124

132

140

156

193

206

261

285 - 425

Financial Statements

Standalone Financial Statements

Consolidated Financial Statements

List of Branch Ofﬁces

292

366

426-437

Capitals

165 - 192

Management Discussion & Analysis

44 - 163

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

Apno ka Bank

02

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

03

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D:

Dear Stakeholders,

macroeconomic situation and the

ongoing impacts of the Russia-Ukraine

conﬂict, both the Indian banking sector

and the economy displayed remarkable

resilience and surged ahead steadily.

The BFSI sector has admirably served

the country through this challenging

period by reimagining its services and

products digitally.

Being a proud participant in the BFSI

space, we demonstrated our abilities as

a strong and agile institution. We made

sincere efforts during the year to steer

the Bank's return to proﬁtability and

growth. Our efforts have been

recognised in ways that are reﬂected

not just in our ﬁnancial performance

but also in an overall enhancement of

our relationships with each of our key

stakeholders. Our journey over the past

year evidences the value of teamwork

with 'One Bank, One Approach', truly

making us 'Apno ka Bank'.

Our growth and performance have also

been acknowledged by various

institutions and this recognition really

motivates us to march ahead with

renewed vigour. In 2023, we re-entered

the Top 100 most valued brands in

India list as per Brand Finance, world's

leading brand valuation and research

agency which values over 5,000 brands

globally. Additionally, UMEED 1000, our

ﬂagship CSR initiative won us India's

Best Bank for CSR at the International

AsiaMoney Best Bank Awards, 2023.

It is indeed a proud moment for me to

present to you RBL Bank's Integrated

Annual Report for FY 2022-23, which

signiﬁes a momentous milestone as

we celebrate the 80th anniversary of

our Bank's foundation. In doing so, I

am equally inspired and awed. Inspired

by my journey in this organisation -

which began a little more than a year

ago, and awed by the signiﬁcant

strides we have made together.

I am pleased to share that we have

achieved our highest annual proﬁt this

year. This achievement was made

possible through the successful

implementation of various initiatives,

including new product launches and

the scale up of granular retail products.

I extend my heartfelt gratitude to the

dedication and persistence of our

18,000+ team members, whose hard

work has been instrumental in

achieving this. As we move forward, we

plan to scale up existing products and

introduce new ones, both digitally and

through our branches, in the coming

year. This approach will contribute to a

more comprehensive and widespread

growth. This marks just the beginning

of our journey towards RBL Bank 2.0.

Numerous more steps will follow as we

work diligently to accomplish our

strategic roadmap for Vision 2026.

FY 2022-23, an Overview

Our vision is focussed on achieving

signiﬁcant growth while maintaining a

strong commitment to delivering

excellent service. We view FY 2022-23

as a pivotal period for establishing the

groundwork of our aspirations, as we

continue to focus sharply on:

Focussing on

customer-centricity

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

14

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

15

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D

Guided by our esteemed Board and

with the collective efforts of everyone

associated with RBL Bank, we have

signiﬁcantly strengthened our

franchise and positioned ourselves as

a trusted partner for our customers

and stakeholders.

Enhancing our

ﬁnancial performance

Optimising operational

efﬁciency through technology

Building a diversiﬁed bank

Here are some of the key highlights of the

year that have shaped our path forward:

Growing customer acquisition and

§

retention have led to a signiﬁcant

boost in our CASA (14% year-on-year)

to reach `31,717 crore, while deposits

grew by 7.4% to `84,887 crore.

Our balance sheet strength improved

§

signiﬁcantly, with net advances

growing by 17% to reach `70,209

crore. Out of this, retail - our key focus

area - showed signiﬁcant growth of

21% at `37,778 crore

We registered the highest ever Proﬁt

§

After Tax of `883 crore, compared to

a loss of `75 crore reported in

FY 2021-22.

Our other income increased to

§

`2,490 crore.

Our key ﬁnancial ratios such as

§

Return on Assets, CASA, Net Interest

Margin stood at 0.83%, 37.4%, and

4.67% as against - 0.07%, 35.3%, and

4.45%, respectively.

Our asset quality continued to

§

witness steady improvement, with

GNPA and NNPA at 3.4% and 1.1%,

respectively, as against 4.4% and

1.3% in FY 2021-22.

New Business Verticals

I would also like to draw your attention

to the robust growth of our new

business verticals, viz. tractor, home

loans and mortgage loans since these

new verticals accounted for 8% of our

advances during the year. I am

delighted to share that we have

successfully launched additional retail

asset products, including gold loans,

business loans, two-wheeler &

four-wheeler loans and used car loans.

Most of these products are set to scale

in FY 2023-24.

Our primary focus has been on

widening our product suite to cater to

our 13 million plus customer base.

Through conscious efforts, we are

driving these secured retail asset

products, which will signiﬁcantly

strengthen our balance sheet. Already,

two of our retail ﬂagship products -

credit cards and microﬁnance loans -

are scaling as per the plan. Besides,

our consistent focus on cross-selling

through data analytics will further

contribute to achieving our targets.

FY 2022-23 was the ﬁrst full year of

the post-pandemic era. We exhibited

undaunted determination towards

recovery and business growth.

Despite the immense pressure

stemming from the global

Our vision is focussed on achieving signiﬁcant

growth while maintaining a strong commitment

to delivering excellent service.

R Subramaniakumar: MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO

Strengthening our balance

sheet and franchise

MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO

Thanking You,

Through the year, we have aligned our

focus to nurture customer

relationships based on personal

engagement, facilitated by our

We continue to prioritise investments in

technology that help us target a wider customer

base across all segments.:

Managing Director & CEO

Non-Executive Chairman

(Independent)

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Yogesh Dayal

Additional Director

(Appointed by the Reserve Bank of India)

Independent Director

Manjeev Singh Puri

Independent Director

Chandan Sinha

Vimal Bhandari

Non-Independent Director

Dr Somnath Ghosh

Independent Director

Dr Sivakumar Gopalan

Independent Director

Gopal Jain

Non-Independent Director

Ishan Raina

Independent Director

18

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

19

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D:

Managing Director & CEO

LEADERSHIP TEAM

R. Rajagopalan

Head - Internal Audit

Brijesh Mehra

Head - Corporate, Institutional

and Transaction Banking

Pankaj Sharma

Chief Operations Ofﬁcer

Jaideep Iyer

Head - Strategy

Deepak Gaddhyan

Head - Branch &

Business Banking

Vijay Anandh

Head - Retail Assets

& Collections

Alok Rastogi

Head - Corporate Centre

Head - Risk Control

N Hari Prakash

Sunny Uberai

Chief of Staff

Ravi Pichan

Chief Information Ofﬁcer

Deepak Kumar

Chief Risk Ofﬁcer

Prakash Gupta

Chief Compliance Ofﬁcer

20

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

21

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D:

Letter Of Credit Backed Bill Discounting

Bank Guarantee

Working Capital Demand Loan: Letter of Credit

Loan Equivalent Risk (LER)

Bill Purchase/Discounting

Platinum ShopGain SuperCard

Platinum Advantage SuperCard

Platinum Bonus SuperCard

Binge SuperCard

MyFirst SuperCard

Value Added Services - Credit Cards

Xpress-Cash

Dial for Cash

R-Shield

Split n Pay

Split n Pay+

EMI Inﬁnity Pass

Bills2Pay

Add-On-Card

*Available only at select branch locations.

Retail Agri Business

Kissan Credit Card (KCC)

Horticulture & Plantation Loan

Allied activities loans for establishing

Dairy/Fisheries/Poultry

Efﬁcient Irrigation System

Commodity & Warehouse

Receipt Finance

Warehouse Receipt Finance

Trade/Pledge Finance

Rural Vehicle Finance

Loans for New Tractors

Loans for Used Tractors

Loans for Harvesters

Loans for Farm Equipment

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

BRANCH & BUSINESS BANKING

RETAIL ASSETS

RETAIL ASSETS

RETAIL ASSETS

PRODUCTS & SERVICES

38

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

39

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D

Letter of Credit Backed Bill Discounting

Export Credit in Foreign Currency

(Pre-Shipment/Post-Shipment)

Rupee Export Credit

(Pre-Shipment /Post-Shipment)

Trade Credits:

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

RETAIL ASSETS

WHOLESALE BANKING

WHOLESALE BANKING

TRANSACTION BANKING

PRODUCTS & SERVICES

40

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

41

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D:

letter and closely monitored.

Unmitigated or residual risks are escalated to top management

for resolution.

Our ESG Committee oversees our response to material

environmental and social issues, including sustainability

policy implementation and TCFD adoption.

We report climate risk, GHG emissions, and mitigation measures

in our sustainability and annual reports.

Intellectual

Financial

Social &

Relationship

Capitals

Impacted

Mitigation strategy

Risk

Reputation risk - Any adverse

stakeholder and public

perception about our Bank may

negatively impact our ability

to attract and retain customers

and may expose us to litigation

and regulatory actions.

We manage our reputation risk by maintaining excellent service

standards across the board, both physically and digitally.

It includes ensuring proactive and speedy response to customer

complaints.

Our Board-level Customer Service Committee (CSC) governs

our complaint handling policy and ensures implementation of

TAT guidelines, escalation matrix, and more.

Intellectual

Social &

Relationship

Cyber and data risk - Risk of

cyber-attacks on our digital

assets and infrastructure

through hacking, phishing,

ransomware and other means,

resulting in disruption of our

services or theft or leak of

sensitive internal data or

customer information.

A robust data governance framework exists at the Bank, which

includes our risk management capabilities across Regulatory

Capital (RWA), Market Risk, Operational Risk & Fraud Risk.

Our Information security management systems conform to the

relevant RBI guidelines and ISO/IEC 27001: 2013, with a real-time

fraud prevention system to monitor multiple transaction channels.

Our Market Intelligence Unit (MIU) monitors large value credit

exposures by using data analytics/forensic analysis.

Our Early Warning Signal (EWS) platform relies on AI and

Internal Rule Engine to Red Flag Accounts that do not meet

our quality criteria.

We also use the AI-backed 'Heckyl' platform, which sounds out

additional alerts beyond the 45+ parameters listed in RBI circular.

Financial

Intellectual

Capitals

Impacted

Mitigation strategy

Risk

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

Statutory Reports

Financial Statements

138

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

139

Integrated Annual Report 2022-23

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D

R B L B A N K L I M I T E D:

letter of credit and

bank guarantee and more. Facilities are secured through

collaterals. Post-pandemic, additional financial support

in the form of Emergency credit line is being extended to

existing customers to help them tide over turbulent times.

The Bank follows robust monitoring mechanisms to ensure

asset quality of the portfolio. In FY 2023-24, the Bank will

focus on expanding its presence.

4.4.3 Housing Loans

RBL Bank offers housing loans with loan ticket sizes ranging

from a minimum of ¢ 7 lakh to ¢ 15 crore. In FY 2023-24,

the Bank will focus on growing the category with mark

to market pricing, exclusive tie-ups with reputed builders,

specific targeted campaigns towards the salaried segment,

and established channel partners. It is currently sourcing

housing loans through select liability branches, builder

projects and business correspondent partner. The Bank

intends to move towards digital onboarding for existing as

well new to bank applicants.

4.4.4 Credit Cards

RBL Bank’s credit card business is currently the sixth

largest in the country, and the Bank also ranks sixth in terms

of card spends. The Bank’s card portfolio has grown from

83,000 customers in FY 2015-16 to 4.4 million customers in

FY 2022-23 via strategic partnerships, diversified portfolio,

and powerful customer experience.

In the last one year, the business has acquired around 2.1

million customers holding a market share of 5.2%. The

book size has grown to ¢ 16,800 crores in just 6 years. The

cards division also saw one of the highest growth in y-o-y

spends in the domestic industry during FY 2022-23, with

total spends of over ¢ 59,600 crore.

Key Product Developments & Process Enhancements

1)

Launch of co-branded credit cards in FY 2022-23 with

existing partners with offers targeting specific uses:

PaisaBazaar Duet and PaisaBazaar Duet Plus, are

2-in-1 cashback cards with offers on purchases

and also a line-of-credit from RBL Bank with

instant money transfer into the account.

Play, in association with BookMyShow, is available

to customers on BookMyShow; it provides

In the last one year, Credit Cards

business has acquired around

2.1 million customers holding a

market share of 5.3%

offers across movies and live entertainment,

enabling access to content on the BookMyShow

Stream.

2)

Brand new channel partnerships: The Bank launched

partnerships with top leading fintech players in the

industry, LazyPay and BankBazaar.

LazyPay Credit Card on the LazyPay application

provides 1% cashback on all online and offline

spends.

Savemax co-brand cards offer accelerated

rewards on groceries & cashbacks on Zomato

& BookMyShow along with free monthly credit

checks from BankBazaar.com.

3)

Integration of Bank’s SDK in Co-Brand partner mobile

apps: The Bank is enabling its credit card customers

to easily access card-related information through

e-comm apps of Co-Brand partners such as Zomato

and PaisaBazaar. By embedding its SDK in these apps,

the Bank has enhanced customer experience while

ensuring compliance to the regulator’s guidelines on

protecting customer privacy.

4)

New digital acquisition channels for Short-term

Personal Loan and Xpress Cash facility: Facilities

such as short-term personal loan and Xpress Cash on

RBL Bank Credit cards are now available on RBL Bank

Credit Card Mobile App ‘MyCard’ as well as chat-bot,

driving ~70% of new acquisitions.

5)

A simplified & digital card application journey for

existing customers: A convenient & digital card

application journey was developed to help existing

RBL Bank customers apply for secured credit cards

through RBL Bank’s mobile banking application

‘Mobank’.

6)

Touch-free instant card issuance: The Bank issues

cards instantly in a touch-free mode through API-

based integrations for partners.

7)

‘RBL MyCard’: The Bank’s credit card customers can

now manage their card accounts with utmost ease,

including converting credit card transactions into

EMIs (MyCard accounts for 85% conversions at no

extra cost) and short-term personal loans, and more.

Nearly 85% of active credit card accounts use MyCard;

83% of these are regular users.

4.4.5 Rural Vehicle Finance

With farm mechanisation expanding consistently at a

CAGR of ~10+%, RBL Bank launched the Rural Vehicle

Finance vertical in FY 2021-22 dedicated to funding farm

equipment. In FY 2022-23, fresh loans amounting to ¢ 869

crore were disbursed to 18,573 customers – growing 267%

over the previous year. As of March 2023, the existing book

size was worth ¢ 1,029 crore with an active customer base

of 26,229, with most of them falling under the ambit of

priority sector lending.

Product Offerings - This business focusses on funding new

tractor, used tractors, harvesters and farm equipment.

Customer Segment & Coverage – The Bank services small

and medium farmers by ascertaining their incomes and

bureau scores, across all major tractor and farm equipment

selling areas.

Channel Partners - Sourcing is done through a network of

~3,700 channel partners across 9 states, which include

new tractor dealers, Direct Selling Agent (DSA), online

partners and local influencers. There are plans to extend

these services to 3 more states during FY 2023-24.

Digital Lending platform – The Bank’s rural customers

experience digital services whose experience matches that

of urban customers, that too with minimal documentation,

transparency

in

transactions,

loan

approvals

and

disbursements within 24 hours of application.

4.4.6 Microfinance

The Bank offers microfinance solutions to unserved and

underserved segments of rural India, contributing 100% to

its priority sector lending. These include credit facilities as

well as programmed savings, and life, health and general

insurance products to individuals, groups, and small

businesses. It encourages financial inclusion by providing

finance to women borrowers and conducts financial literacy

trainings for financial awareness.

-

During FY 2022-23, the Bank’s training partner

‘Arunodaya Sarveshwari Lok Kalyan Samiti’ in Madhya

Pradesh conducted 162 training sessions in all,

benefitting 3,470 individuals.

-

Additionally, in Q4 FY 2022-23, the Bank conducted

compulsory group training for 1,17,671 groups.

-

A total of 3,63,750 women were trained until March 31,

2023.:

Managing Director and CEO, the Company Secretary

is tasked with setting forth policies and procedures

and monitoring compliance with the rules related to the

disclosure of price sensitive information.

5.2.6 Cyber Security Risk

The Bank has robust policies, procedures, controls and

monitoring tools to manage and mitigate cyber security risk.

The framework covers people, processes and technology.

The Bank has a cyber security policy and the information

security management policy approved by the Board. The

Bank also has a robust cyber crisis management plan to

establish strategic framework and actions to prepare for,

respond to, and recover from a cyber-incident, should this

occur.

5.2.7 Digital Risk

The Bank has an independent Digital Risk function

reporting under Enterprise Risk function for management

and mitigation of risk pertaining to unwanted and often

unexpected outcomes of digital transformation. The Digital

risk team reviews PAC notes, reviews and approves of

SOPs, Business Requirement Documents (BRD), loss data,

fraud data, new business partnerships, provisions created,

customer complaints and internal audit reports and more.

It is also responsible for transaction monitoring.

5.2.8 Environment & Social Risk Management (E&S)

RBL Bank has made a strategic commitment towards

sustainable development, making it an integral part

of its business practices, including risk management.

The Environmental and Social Risk Governance (ESG)

Committee provides due oversight and periodic updates to

the Board.

The Bank has developed a comprehensive ESG framework

with the following key objectives:

-

Setting strategic E&S objectives, such as new offerings

that address E&S sustainability

-

Incorporating E&S risk considerations into all financing

activities and developing client awareness on this

subject

-

Exclusion of clients whose business activities do not

meet the Bank’s principles; the Bank has adopted the

IFC Exclusion List

-

Communicating E&S expectations to all employees,

clients and other external stakeholders

-

Consistently enhancing the Bank employee’s capability

to identify E&S risks

-

Developing and delivering financial products and

services that enable more sustainable agricultural

practices and result in resource conservation/

enhancement of resource efficiency

-

Running microbanking programmes for marginalised,

economically weaker sections in various states across

the country.

E&S risk assessment is an integral part of the credit

appraisal and sanction process.

All transactions are screened against the ‘exclusion list’ - an

illustrative list of activities which the Bank does not fund,

including production or trade in weapons and munitions;

The Bank has a robust cyber crisis

management plan to establish

strategic framework and actions

to prepare for, respond to, and

recover from a cyber-incident,

should this occur.:

Managing Director & CEO and the other is an

Executive Director. Further details have been provided in the

below section.

Details of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel

During the financial year under review and upto the date of this

Report, the following changes took place in the composition of

the Board and Key Managerial Personnel:

Appointment of Regular: Managing

Managing Director &

CEO of the Bank, application in this regard was duly submitted

to the Reserve Bank of India. The Reserve Bank of India vide: letter dated June 10, 2022 approved the appointment of Mr. R.

Subramaniakumar (being one of the candidates as proposed

by the Bank) as the Managing Director & CEO of the Bank for

a period of three years with effect from the date on which he

assumes charge as Managing Director & CEO (RBI Approval).

The Nomination & Remuneration Committee and Board at their

respective Meetings held on June 11, 2022, noted the aforesaid

RBI Approval and further at their meetings held on June 23, 2022

approved / noted the below:

Appointment of Mr. R Subramaniakumar (DIN: 07825083)

as an Additional Director of the Bank, with effect from June

23, 2022.

Appointment of Mr. R. Subramaniakumar as the regular

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer and Key

Managerial Personnel of the Bank for a period of three (3)

years commencing from June 23, 2022 (A/N – Afternoon)

up to June 22, 2025, subject to approval of the Members of

the Bank.

Mr. Rajeev Ahuja’s position as interim Managing Director

& CEO was an interim position approved by the Reserve

Bank of India till June 24, 2022 or till the appointment of

a regular Managing Director & CEO whichever is earlier.

Hence, consequent to the aforesaid appointment of Mr. R.

Subramaniakumar as regular Managing Director & CEO, Mr.

Rajeev Ahuja ceded the title of interim Managing Director &

CEO effective June 23, 2022 (F/N-Forenoon) and continued

to perform his role as Executive Director on the same terms

and conditions as approved by the Reserve Bank of India

and Members of the Bank.

Consequent to the appointment of Mr. R. Subramaniakumar

as the regular Managing Director & CEO of the Bank effective

June 23, 2022 (A/N - Afternoon), Mr. Vishwavir Ahuja’s term

as Managing Director & CEO of the Bank ended on June 23,

2022 (F/N - Forenoon).

The Nomination & Remuneration Committee and Board at their

respective Meetings held on August 22, 2022, inter alia approved

the below:

Appointment of Dr. Sivakumar Gopalan (DIN: 07537575),

as an Additional Non-Executive Independent Director of the

Bank w.e.f. August 22, 2022, for a term of five (5) years.

Appointment of Mr. Gopal Jain (DIN: 00032308), as an

Additional Non-Executive Non Independent Director of the

Bank.

Appointment/Re-appointment/Retirement

by

rotation

approved/concurred by the Members at the 79th Annual

General Meeting of the Bank held on September 21, 2022:

Mr. Vijay Mahajan (DIN: 00038794), Non-Executive Non

Independent Director whose term of office was to retire by

rotation, expressed his desire not to seek re-appointment

upon expiry of his term at the 79th Annual General Meeting.

Appointment of Mr. R Subramaniakumar (DIN: 07825083)

as Director of the Bank and further as Managing Director

& Chief Executive Officer of the Bank for a period of

three (3) years, effective June 23, 2022 (A/N - Afternoon)

upto June 22, 2025.

Appointment of Dr. Sivakumar Gopalan (DIN: 07537575)

as Non-Executive Independent Director of the Bank for a

period of 5 (five) years i.e. from August 22, 2022 to August

21, 2027.

Appointment of Mr. Gopal Jain (DIN: 00032308) with effect

from August 22, 2022 as Non-Executive Non Independent

Director of the Bank, liable to retire by rotation.

Re-appointment of Executive Director

Basis the recommendations of Nomination & Remuneration

Committee, the Board at its Meeting held on October 10,

2022, approved the re-appointment of Mr. Rajeev Ahuja

(DIN:00003545) as an Executive Director of the Bank for a period

of 3 years effective from February 21, 2023 till February 20, 2026,

which was approved by the Reserve Bank of India on February 7,

2023. The re-appointment was further approved by Members of

the Bank vide Ordinary Resolution passed on April 27, 2023, by

means of Postal Ballot.

Key Managerial Personnel

During the financial year under review, there was a casual

vacancy caused in the office of Chief Financial Officer (CFO)

due to sad and untimely demise of Mr. Amrut Palan who had

been associated as a CFO with the Bank since August 2019.

The Bank placed on record its appreciation for his contribution

and the benefits gained from his vision and leadership during

his tenure. With respect to the casual vacancy, the Bank with the

approval of the Board, elevated Mr. Deepak Ruiya, Head-Financial

Control to the position of Deputy CFO with effect from March 6,

2023. Till such time a CFO is appointed, Mr. Deepak Ruiya in his

capacity as Deputy CFO is responsible for all the functions as are

executed by a CFO and is also designated as a Key Managerial

Personnel of the Bank.

Mr. R. Subramaniakumar (DIN: 07825083), Managing Director &

CEO, Mr. Rajeev Ahuja, (DIN: 00003545), Executive Director, Mr.

Deepak Ruiya, Deputy Chief Financial Officer and Ms. Niti Arya,

Company Secretary were the Key Managerial Personnel of the

Bank pursuant to Sections 2(51) and 203 of the Companies Act,

2013.

Retirement by rotation

In terms of Section 152 of the Companies Act, 2013 and

Articles of Association of the Bank, Mr. Vimal Bhandari (DIN:

00001318), Non-Executive Non Independent Director of the

Bank retires by rotation at the ensuing (80th) Annual General

Meeting. Although being eligible he has not offered himself for

re-appointment. Accordingly, he would cease to hold the office

as Non-Executive Non Independent Director of the Bank on

expiry of his term ending at the ensuing (80th) Annual General

Meeting and the vacancy so created be not filled. Consequently,

he would cease to be

Managing Director

& CEO

Note 3

2.

Mr. Rajeev Ahuja

Executive Director

Note 4

3.

Mr. Deepak Ruiya

Deputy Chief

Financial Officer

Note 5

4.

Ms. Niti Arya

Company Secretary

15%

The percentage increase in remuneration for Mr. Vishvavir Ahuja who

held the position of Manging Director & CEO till June 23, 2022 (F/N)

and Mr. Amrut Palan who held the position of CFO upto September

8, 2022 was Nil.

Note 3 - Mr. R. Subramaniakumar was appointed as the Managing

Director & CEO for a period of three years with effect from

June 23, 2022 (A/N), on the terms of remuneration as approved by

the Reserve Bank of India. The said appointment and remuneration

were further approved by Members of the Bank at the 79th Annual

General Meeting held on September 21, 2022.

Note 4 - Mr. Rajeev Ahuja held the position of interim Managing

Director & CEO upto June 23, 2022 (F/N) and thereafter continued to

perform his role as Executive Director of the Bank.

Reserve Bank of India vide its: letter dated February 7, 2023

approved the revision in the annual fixed pay to Mr. Rajeev Ahuja

from ¢ 2.13 Crore per annum to ¢ 2.34 Crore per annum with effect

from February 21, 2022. Further, the RBI also approved variable pay

of ¢ 1.7 Crore comprising of cash variable pay of ¢ 0.85 Crore and

non-cash variable pay (share-linked instruments) of ¢ 0.85 Crore for

FY2021-22 to Mr. Rajeev Ahuja. The above revision in remuneration

and variable pay was approved by the Members of the Bank vide

postal ballot on April 27, 2023. Accordingly, on receiving Members’

approval, the revision in his Fixed Pay with effect from February 21,

2022, along with Variable Pay -Cash (as per deferral schedule in line

with the Bank’s Policy) was paid in the month of May 2023.

Note 5 - Mr. Deepak Ruiya was appointed as the Deputy CFO and Key

Managerial Personnel w.e.f. March 6, 2023 and is responsible for all

the functions as are executed by CFO (till such time a regular CFO

is appointed). From the date of his appointment as Deputy CFO till

March 31, 2023, there was no increase in his remuneration.

There is no percentage increase in the remuneration paid

to Non-Executive Part time

letter dated June 27, 2023 has

approved the appointment of M/s. CNK & Associates, LLP and

M/s. G. M. Kapadia & Co as the Joint Statutory Auditors of the

Bank for the financial year 2023-24 for their third and second

year, respectively.

Pursuant to Section 204 of Companies Act 2013, the Board had

appointed M/s. Alwyn Jay & Co., Practicing Company Secretaries,

Mumbai as its Secretarial Auditors for the financial year ended

March 31, 2023. The Bank provided all assistance and facilities

to the Secretarial Auditor for conducting their audit as prescribed

under Companies Act, 2013. The Secretarial Audit Report for the

financial year ended March 31, 2023 is annexed to this report as

Annexure II.

During the financial year under review, your Bank has complied

with the applicable Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute

of Company Secretaries of India.

During

the

financial

year

under

review,

neither

the

Statutory Auditors nor the Secretarial Auditors have reported

any matter under Section 143 (12) of the Companies Act,

2013 to the Audit Committee or Board, therefore no detail

is required to be disclosed under Section 134 (3) (ca) of the

Companies Act, 2013 in connection with frauds reported by

auditors.

During the financial year under review, there was no revision of

financial statements and Director’s Report of the Bank.

Qualifications/Reservation in Statutory and Secretarial

Audit Reports

There were no qualification, reservation or adverse remark or

disclaimer made by the Statutory Auditors or the Secretarial

Auditors in their respective Reports.

Disclosure under Section 22 of the Sexual Harassment

of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and

Redressal) Act, 2013

Your Bank has Zero tolerance towards any action on the part

of any executive which may fall under the ambit of ‘Sexual

Harassment’ at workplace and is fully committed to uphold and

maintain the dignity of every woman executive working in the

Bank. The Bank has formulated a Policy and has complied with

provisions relating to the constitution of Internal Complaints

Committee under the Sexual Harassment of Women at

Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013.

The Policy provides for protection against sexual harassment of

women at workplace and for prevention and redressal of such

complaints. As a part of Anti Sexual Harassment initiatives,

the Bank created a mandatory e-learning module for all the

employees called “Prevention of Sexual Harassment (POSH)”.

The information relating to complaints received and disposed-

off / resolved during the financial year ended March 31, 2023

is disclosed under Corporate Governance Report annexed as

Annexure I to this Report.

Whistle Blower Policy (Vigil Mechanism)

Details required to be disclosed in this regard have been provided

under Corporate Governance Report annexed as Annexure I to

this Report.

Significant and material order passed by regulators or

courts or tribunals impacting the going concern status

and operations of the Bank

During the financial year under review, there were no significant/

material orders passed by the Regulators / Courts/ Tribunals etc.

which would impact the going concern status of the Bank and its

future operations.:

Managing Director & CEO and Executive

Director. The composition of the CSR Committee and its terms

of reference are detailed in the Corporate Governance Report

forming part of this report as Annexure I.

Management Discussion and Analysis Report

The Management Discussion and Analysis Report for the

financial year under review, as per Regulation 34(2)(e) of the SEBI

Listing Regulations is presented in a separate section forming

part of this Annual Report.

Awards and Recognitions

During the financial year under review, your Bank was recipient of

the following awards:

IBA Banking Technology Awards 2022 - Best Technology

Bank

Asiamoney Best Bank Awards 2022 - Best Bank For Digital

Solutions In India

Digital Payments Award by MeitY - Onboarding maximum

merchants on digital payment modes in Jammu & Kashmir

Ratings

Your Bank’s Basel III Tier II Bonds have been rated as “AA-“

with Stable Outlook by CARE Ratings Limited (CARE) and ICRA

Limited (ICRA). Instruments rated with this rating are considered

to have high degree of safety regarding timely servicing of

financial obligations.

Your Bank’s Certificate of Deposits carries a rating of “A1+” by

ICRA which indicates the lowest short term credit risk. Further,

your Bank’s Fixed Deposit programme carries rating of “AA-” with

Stable Outlook by ICRA which indicates low credit risk and the

Bank’s short term fixed deposit programme carries a rating of

“A1+” by ICRA which indicates lowest credit risk.

Your Bank’s ratings were reaffirmed by ICRA in September 2022

and by CARE in October 2022

Know Your Customer (KYC)/Anti-Money Laundering

(AML) Measures

Your Bank complies with the RBI’s KYC/AML guidelines. The

Bank’s KYC/ AML Policy is prepared in accordance with the

Prevention of Money Laundering Act, 2002 and RBI/IBA (Indian

Banks’ Association) guidelines. Various regulatory reporting

requirements, as set out by the Financial Intelligence Unit (FIU)

of the Government of India, are complied with by the Bank.

Your Bank uses automated transaction monitoring system

under supervision of centralised AML team. Further, your

Bank’s employees are imparted training on KYC/AML aspects

on a regular basis. Executives of the Bank also attend periodic

workshops/seminars organised by FIU, RBI, IBA, Centre for

Advanced Financial Research & Learning (CAFRAL) and College

of Agricultural Banking (CAB), Pune to enhance their awareness

in evolving KYC AML issues.

Requirement for maintenance of cost records

The Bank is not required to maintain cost records as specified by

the Central Government under section 148(1) of the Companies

Act, 2013.

CEO/CFO Certificate

Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 17(8) of SEBI Listing

Regulations, the certificate issued by the: Managing Director &

CEO and Deputy CFO of the Bank (appointed as KMP responsible

for the role & responsibility of a CFO till the appointment of a

regular CFO), for the financial year ended March 31, 2023 was

placed before the Board of Directors at its meeting held on

April 29, 2023.

The said certificate is forming part of this Report as an

Annexure IC to Corporate Governance Report.

H. DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT

Pursuant to the requirement under Section 134(3)(c) and 134(5)

of the Companies Act, 2013, with respect to the Directors’

Responsibility Statement, it is hereby confirmed that:

i.

The applicable accounting standards have been followed

in preparation of the annual accounts for the financial year

ended 2022-23 and there have been no material departures;

ii.

Accounting policies have been selected and applied

consistently and reasonably, and prudent judgments and

estimates have been made to give a true and fair view of

the Bank’s state of affairs and of its Profit for financial year

ended 2022-23;

iii.

Proper and sufficient care has been taken for the

maintenance

of

adequate

accounting

records

in

accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013

for safeguarding the assets of the Bank and for preventing

and detecting fraud and other irregularities;

iv.

The annual financial statements have been prepared on a

going concern basis;

v.

Proper internal financial controls were in place and that

the financial controls were adequate and were operating

effectively;

vi.

Proper Systems to ensure compliance with the provisions

of all applicable laws were in place and were adequate and

operating effectively.

ACKNOWLEDGMENT

The Board is grateful to the Government of India, Reserve Bank

of India, Securities and Exchange Board of India, IBA, other

Regulatory Authorities, Rating Agencies, Financial Institutions,

banks and correspondents in India and abroad for their valuable

and unflinching support as well as co-operation and guidance

to the Bank from time to time. The Board acknowledges the

trust and confidence reposed by the depositors, clients and

investors and convey their deep appreciation and request for

their continued patronage.

The Board conveys its deep gratitude and appreciation to all

the employees of the Bank for their tremendous efforts as well

as their exemplary dedication and contribution to the Bank’s

performance. The Board appreciates the healthy relationship

with the Officer’s Association and Employee Union, which has

facilitated the growth and development of the Bank and has

created a positive work environment.

The Members of the Bank have been the key partners in the

Bank’s progress. The Board of Directors appreciates their

support and is grateful for the confidence that they have placed

in the Board of Directors and the Bank’s management.

The Directors would also like to thank its Customers, Vendors,

Business Partners, Government and all other Business

Associates for their continued support to the Bank and the

Management.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Prakash Chandra

R Subramaniakumar

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer), seven (7) Directors were Non-Executive Independent

Directors (including Part-time Chairman of the Bank and one Woman Independent Director), three (3) Directors were Non-Executive

Non Independent Directors (including one Woman Director) and one (1) was Additional Director appointed by the Reserve Bank of

India.

The details of the changes in the Composition of Board have been mentioned in the Directors Report under the section “Details of

Directors and Key Managerial Personnel”.

The details of the Board Composition as on March 31, 2023 is given below.

Sr. No.

Category

Name of Director

1.

Whole-time Directors

1. Mr. R. Subramaniakumar –: Managing Director & CEO$

2. Mr. Rajeev Ahuja – Executive Director$$

2.

Non-Executive Independent Directors

1. Mr. Prakash Chandra (Part-time

Managing Director & CEO

(DIN: 07825083)

Mr. R Subramaniakumar is the: Managing Director & CEO of the Bank since June 23, 2022, afternoon (A/N).

Mr. R Subramaniakumar is a veteran Banker with 40 years of experience.

His banking career commenced with Punjab National Bank (“PNB”) from 1980 and he rose upto the position of General Manager in

his career spanning more than 35 years where he spearheaded Technology, Branch Banking, Credit and all other Banking verticals

and worked across length and breadth of the country. He was responsible for establishing functional overseas subsidiaries with back

office at Delhi and managed the establishment Tech, operations etc for the Banker’s subsidiary at UK; JV at Bhutan, Kazakhstan,

Nepal, branch at Hongkong. Apart from heading business, recovery, Tech, Collection, IT Services, he headed Business Transformation

at PNB for 3 years and transformed the Business especially, Digital, Human resource, MSME, Retail, Overseas operations, NPA

Management etc.

He was an Executive Director at Indian Bank and Indian Overseas Bank. He also held the position of Managing Director & CEO

of Indian Overseas Bank. With his banking career spanning across three banks, he has considerable experience in all functions

relating to banking including Micro, Small Medium Enterprises, micro finance banking and agricultural and rural banking. He was

an Administrator at Dewan Housing Finance Corporation Limited (“DHFL”) a Housing finance Company and achieved its resolution.

He was an Independent Director of the LIC Pension Fund Limited and was also on the Board of Indian Financial Technology & Allied

Services (IFTAS), Repco Home Finance Ltd, India 1 Payments Ltd and on few committees of Reserve Bank of India apart from

Advisor to Administrator for SREI Infrastructure Finance Ltd, under IBC.

He is a Physics graduate with PGDCA (Post graduate diploma in computer application). He has acquired CISA (Certified information

system audit) & CISM (Certified information security manager) from ISACA, USA. Banker with CAIIB. He also holds Advanced Banking

Certificate from University of Maryland, USA.

Mr. Rajeev Ahuja, Executive Director

(DIN: 00003545)

Mr. Rajeev Ahuja is an Executive Director of the Bank since February 21, 2017. He served as interim Managing Director & CEO of the

Bank during the period from December 25, 2021 till June 23, 2022 (F/N).

Mr. Rajeev Ahuja joined RBL Bank in 2010. He was previously associated with Citibank India, Bank of America, India and Bankers

Trust Company. He brings over 35 years of experience in the financial services industry. An integral part of the Bank’s transformation

journey, he is responsible for building the overall strategy of the Bank while managing the Retail Banking, Transaction Banking and

Micro banking businesses of the Bank. Prior to joining RBL Bank, he was Managing Director - Investor Sales Business (South Asia)

with Citigroup, India. He also had a 7-year stint as a Director in the capital markets and investment banking divisions of Bankers

Trust/Deutsche Bank in Singapore and Hong Kong.

Mr. Rajeev Ahuja holds a bachelor’s degree in commerce from the Delhi University and a post graduate diploma in management from

the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad.

Mr. Ishan Raina, Non-Executive Independent Director

(DIN: 00151951)

Mr. Ishan Raina is on the Board of the Bank as Non-Executive Independent Director since April 30, 2016.

Mr. Ishan Raina has experience in the field of Advertising/ brand & communication strategy, Business strategy, Risk Management and

Human Resources and is founder of Out of Home (OOH) India Limited, India’s leading network that displays video advertising content

to engage consumers. He is on the advisory Board of FICCI/Indian Sanitation Council and SOIL (School of Inspired Leadership),

Manesar. Previously, he was the CEO of Ignitee Digital Solutions, JWT Contract Advertising (India) and Lintas Advertising (India).

Mr. Ishan Raina holds a bachelor’s degree in commerce from Sriram College of Commerce, New Delhi, a Diploma in International Law

and Diplomacy from the Indian Academy of International Law & Diplomacy, New Delhi and a Post Graduate Diploma in Management

from the Indian Institute of Management, Calcutta.

Ms. Veena Mankar, Non-Executive Non Independent Director

(DIN: 00004168)

Ms. Veena Mankar is on the Board of the Bank as Non-Executive Non Independent Director since October 22, 2019.

Ms Veena Mankar has over four decades of experience in banking & financial service and has been actively engaged in microbanking

for over a decade. She started her career with ICICI Ltd. (the precursor to the Bank) and has worked with leading financial institutions

including Emirates Bank in Dubai, West LB group, Germany and FimBank, Malta. She also served as an Independent Non - Executive

Chairperson of IDFC First Bank Limited. She is the founder of two entities i.e RBL Finserve Limited (formerly known as Swadhaar

Finserve Pvt Ltd) (now a subsidiary of RBL Bank) and Swadhaar FinAccess (SFA). She is also on the Board of few other companies

like Alicon Castalloy Ltd, PB Fintech Limited, Spice Money Limited and Paisabazaar Marketing and Consulting Private Limited.

Ms. Veena Mankar holds a Bachelors of Arts degree in Economics (H) and is also a post-graduate diploma holder in management

from the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad.

Ms. Ranjana Agarwal, Non-Executive Independent Director

(DIN: 03340032)

Ms. Ranjana Agarwal is on the Board of the Bank as Non-Executive Independent Director since November 30, 2019.

Ms. Ranjana Agarwal, founded Vaish & Associates, Chartered Accountants in 1985 and has experience in audit, tax, succession

planning and business valuations. Ms. Agarwal was senior partner in Deloitte Haskins & Sells up to the year 2000. She is on the board

of many reputable listed companies and chairs a number of key committees.

She is the recipient of the Indira Gandhi Priyadarshini Award for professional excellence and entrepreneurship and was National

President of women wing of FICCI FLO and is responsible for their women director’s programme and has been a jury member of the

FICCI CSR Awards. She is involved with a number of NGOs working in the field of education and health.

Ms. Ranjana Agarwal is a Bachelor of Economics (Hons.) from Lady Shri Ram College, Delhi University and Chartered Accountant

from the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.

Mr. Vimal Bhandari, Non-Executive Non Independent Director

(DIN: 00001318)

Mr. Vimal Bhandari is on the Board of the Bank as Non-Executive Non Independent Director since October 1, 2020.

Mr. Vimal Bhandari is an accomplished and focused professional with experience of over thirty-five years in the financial services

industry, of which twenty-five years have been at the Board level. He has wide experience & exposure of Credit & Risk environment

and has knowledge of various industries and promoter groups across the country. He serves as an Independent Director on Boards

of various other companies in diverse business segments including Bharat Forge Ltd, Kalpataru Projects International Ltd, HDFC

Trustee Company Ltd, JK Tyre & Industries Ltd, DCM Shriram Ltd, Arka Financial Holdings Private Limited and Escorts Kubota

Limited. Presently, he is Executive Vice

Managing Director & CEO

150

3.

Mr. Rajeev Ahuja

00003545

Executive Director

5,076,127

4.

Mr. Ishan Raina

00151951

Non-Executive Independent Director

900

5.

Ms. Veena Mankar

00004168

Non-Executive Non Independent Director

500

6.

Ms. Ranjana Agarwal

03340032

Non-Executive Independent Director

17,118

7.

Mr. Vimal Bhandari

00001318

Non-Executive Non Independent Director

50,000

8.

Dr. Somnath Ghosh

00401253

Non-Executive Independent Director

500

9.

Mr. Chandan Sinha

06921244

Non-Executive Independent Director

500

10.

Mr. Manjeev Singh Puri

09166794

Non-Executive Independent Director

500

11.

Mr. Yogesh K. Dayal

07594913

Additional Director (appointed by the Reserve Bank of India)

–

12.

Dr. Sivakumar Gopalan

07537575

Non-Executive Independent Director

500

13.

Mr. Gopal Jain

00032308

Non-Executive Non Independent Director

500:

Managing Director

& CEO

1

–

–

–

–

Mr. Rajeev Ahuja$$

DIN: 00003545

Executive Director

1

–

1

–

–

Mr. Ishan Raina

DIN: 00151951

Non-Executive

Independent Director

1

3

1

–

–

Ms. Veena Mankar

DIN: 00004168

Non-Executive Non

Independent Director

5

1

3

1

Independent Director in following

listed companies:

1. Alicon Castalloy Limited

2. PB Fintech Limited

Ms. Ranjana Agarwal

DIN: 03340032

Non-Executive

Independent Director

5

1

5

1

Independent Director in following

listed companies:

1. ICRA Limited

2. Indo Rama Synthetics (India)

Limited

3. KDDL Limited

Mr. Vimal Bhandari

DIN: 00001318

Non – Executive Non

Independent Director

8

1

7

2

Independent Director in following

listed companies:

1. Kalpataru Power

Transmission Limited

2. Bharat Forge Limited

3. JK Tyre & Industries Limited

4. DCM Shriram Limited

5. Escorts Kubota Limited

Dr. Somnath Ghosh

DIN: 00401253

Non-Executive

Independent Director

2

–

2

1

–

Mr. Chandan Sinha

DIN: 06921244

Non-Executive

Independent Director

1

1

1

–

–

Mr. Manjeev Singh Puri

DIN: 09166794

Non-Executive

Independent Director

1

–

1

–

–

Mr. Yogesh K. Dayal

DIN: 07594913

Additional Director

(appointed by the

Reserve Bank of

India)

1

–

1

–

–

Annexure I

Director (DIN)

Category

No. of other Directorships

(including the Bank)*

No of committee

membership/chairmanship

held in Public companies

(including the Bank) **

Name of other listed entities

in which he/she is a Director &

Category of Directorship

Public Co

Private Co

Member

Chairperson

Dr. Sivakumar Gopalan&

DIN: 07537575

Non-Executive

Independent Director

2

–

1

–

–

Mr. Gopal Jain#

DIN: 00032308

Non-Executive Non

Independent Director

1

9

1

–

–

$

The Board (basis the recommendations of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee) and pursuant to the approval granted by the Reserve Bank

of India vide its: letter dated June 10, 2022 appointed Mr. R Subramaniakumar as Managing Director & CEO of the Bank effective June 23, 2022,

afternoon (A/N) for a period of three years and the same was approved by the Members of the Bank at the 79th Annual General Meeting held on

September 21, 2022.

$$

The Board (basis the recommendations of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee) approved the re-appointment of Mr. Rajeev Ahuja as

Executive Director of the Bank for a period of three years effective February 21, 2023. The said re-appointment was also approved by the Reserve

Bank of India vide its letter dated February 7, 2023 and Members of the Bank vide Postal Ballot resolution dated April 27, 2023. Mr. Rajeev Ahuja

had served as interim MD & CEO for the period December 25, 2021 till June 23, 2022, forenoon (F/N).

&

Pursuant to the approvals granted by the Board (basis the recommendations of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee) and the Members of

the Bank at the 79th Annual General Meeting held on September 21, 2022, Dr. Sivakumar Gopalan was appointed as Non-Executive Independent

Director of the Bank for a period of five years effective August 22, 2022.

#

Pursuant to the approvals granted by the Board (basis the recommendations of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee) and the Members

of the Bank at the 79th Annual General Meeting held on September 21, 2022, Mr. Gopal Jain was appointed as Non–Executive Non Independent

Director of the Bank, liable to retire by rotation effective August 22, 2022.

*

Excludes directorship held in Foreign Companies & Section 8 Company.

**

Includes Membership of Audit Committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee across all other Public Companies. Number of Membership

includes the number of

Managing Director

& CEO$

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Mr. Rajeev Ahuja$$

Executive Director

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

LOA

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Mr. Ishan Raina

Non-Executive

Independent

Director

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Mr. Vijay Mahajan

Non-Executive

Non Independent

Director^

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

No

Annexure I

Name of the

Director

Attendance at the Board Meetings held during the Financial Year ended March 31, 2023

Attendance

at last

Annual

General

Meeting

April

19-20, 2022

(Meeting

held over

a period of

two days)

April 29,

2022

May 6, 2022 &

May 11, 2022

(Adjourned

meeting of

May 6, 2022)

May 12,

2022

May 25-26,

2022

(Meeting

held over

a period of

two days)

June 11,

2022

June 23,

2022

June 30,

2022

July 21,

2022

July 25,

2022

August 17,

2022

August 22,

2022

September

29, 2022

& October

10, 2022

(Adjourned

meeting of

September

29, 2022)

October 21,

2022

October 22,

2022

January 19,

2023

January 20,

2023

March 23,

2023

September

21, 2022

Ms. Veena Mankar

Non-Executive

Non Independent

Director

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

LOA

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

(attended

adjourned

Board

meeting

of

October

10, 2022)

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

LOA

Yes

Ms. Ranjana

Agarwal

Non-Executive

Independent

Director

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Mr. Vimal Bhandari

Non – Executive

Non Independent

Director

Yes

Yes

Yes

(attended

adjourned

Board

meeting

of May 11,

2022)

Yes

Yes

LOA

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

LOA

Yes

No

Dr. Somnath Ghosh

Non-Executive

Independent

Director

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Mr. Chandan Sinha

Non-Executive

Independent

Director

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

LOA

Yes

Yes

Mr. Manjeev Singh

Puri

Non-Executive

Independent

Director

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

LOA

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Mr. Yogesh K. Dayal

Additional Director

(appointed by the

Reserve Bank of

India)

Yes

LOA

LOA

LOA

Yes

LOA

Yes

LOA

Yes

LOA

LOA

Yes

LOA

LOA

LOA

LOA

LOA

LOA

No

Dr. Sivakumar

Gopalan

Non-Executive

Independent

Director&

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Mr. Gopal Jain

Non – Executive

Non Independent

Director#

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Mr. Vishwavir Ahuja

The term of Mr. Vishwavir Ahuja as: Managing

letter dated February 7, 2023 and Members of the Bank vide Postal Ballot resolution dated April 27, 2023. Mr. Rajeev Ahuja

had served as interim MD & CEO for the period December 25, 2021 till June 23, 2022, forenoon (F/N).

&

Pursuant to the approvals granted by the Board (basis the recommendations of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee) and the Members of

the Bank at the 79th Annual General Meeting held on September 21, 2022, Dr. Sivakumar Gopalan was appointed as Non-Executive Independent

Director of the Bank for a period of five years effective August 22, 2022.

#

Pursuant to the approvals granted by the Board (basis the recommendations of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee) and the Members

of the Bank at the 79th Annual General Meeting held on September 21, 2022, Mr. Gopal Jain was appointed as Non–Executive Non Independent

Director of the Bank, liable to retire by rotation effective August 22, 2022.

^

Mr. Vijay Mahajan, Non-Executive Non Independent Director of the Bank, did not offer himself for re-appointment and retired by rotation at the

Annual General Meeting held on September 21, 2022.

COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The Board functions either as a full Board or through various Committees which helps it to carry out its wide and diverse functions.

The Board has constituted various such sub-Committees to deal with specific areas that need a closer review and to have an

appropriate structure to assist in the discharge of the Board’s duties and responsibilities as defined in the respective terms of

reference of each Committee. The minutes of the Committee meetings are circulated and placed before the Board of Directors in the

Board meetings for their noting.

The Committees of the Board have been constituted pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, SEBI Listing

Regulations, the Banking Regulation Act, 1949, guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India, from time to time in this regard

and Articles of Association of the Bank. The terms of reference of these Committees are determined based on the respective

statutes under which these Committees have been constituted as well as guided by additional areas which the Board feels that the

Committees would need to look into. The constitution and terms of reference of each Committee are approved by the Board. These

Committees monitor activities falling within their respective Terms of Reference (TOR).

As at March 31, 2023, the Board had 12 Committees viz. Audit Committee, Risk Management Committee, Nomination & Remuneration

Committee, Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee, IT Strategy Committee, Board Investment & Credit Committee, Corporate Social

Responsibility Committee, Fraud Monitoring Committee, Capital Raising Committee, Customer Service Committee, Branding,

Marketing & Communications Committee and Review Committee for Wilful Defaulters and Non – Cooperative Borrowers.

Further, the below changes were made with respect to the Board sub-Committees during the financial year ended March 31, 2023:

The Board at its meeting held on May 6, 2022, considered, and approved the segregation of the Customer Service, Branding &

Marketing Committee into two different Committees of the Board, with the nomenclature Customer Service Committee (CSC)

and Branding, Marketing & Communications Committee (BMCC), respectively.

The Board at its meeting held on September 29, 2022, merged Wilful Defaulter Review Committee (WDRC) and Non – Cooperative

Borrower Review Committee (NCBRC) into a single committee with the nomenclature Review Committee for Wilful Defaulters

and Non-Cooperative Borrowers (RC – WD & NCB).

The Board at its meeting held on January 19, 2023, considered and approved the change in the nomenclature of Anti-Fraud

Committee to Fraud Monitoring Committee (FMC).

The Board reviewed the terms of reference of its sub-Committees and approved amendments to the terms of reference of some

of the sub-Committees as mentioned under the head Terms of Reference of the sub-Committees of the Board.

The composition, date of meetings held during the financial year ended March 31, 2023 alongwith the attendance of each member

is given below:

1.

Audit Committee of Board (ACB):

Composition: As at March 31, 2023, the Committee comprises of Dr. Somnath Ghosh (Chairman of Committee) (Non-

Executive Independent Director), Mr. Chandan Sinha (Non-Executive Independent Director), Ms. Ranjana Agarwal (Non-

Annexure I

Executive Independent Director), Mr. Vimal Bhandari (Non-Executive Non Independent Director), Mr. Ishan Raina (Non-Executive

Independent Director) and Mr. Yogesh K. Dayal (Additional Director appointed by the Reserve Bank of India).

Meetings: The Committee met Fourteen times during the financial year ended March 31, 2023: May 6, 2022, May 12, 2022, June

8, 2022, July 13, 2022, July 20, 2022, July 21, 2022, August 29, 2022, October 21, 2022, October 22, 2022, November 21, 2022,

December 22, 2022 (adjourned meeting held on December 29, 2022), January 18, 2023, January 20, 2023 and March 21, 2023.

The attendance thereat of the members of the Committee are given herein below:

Members

Number of Meetings attended/held

(includes attendance through video

conference)

Remarks

Dr. Somnath Ghosh

14/14

-

Mr. Chandan Sinha

13/14

-

Ms. Ranjana Agarwal

13/14

-

Mr. Vimal Bhandari

11/14

-

Mr. Ishan Raina

14/14

-

Mr. Yogesh K. Dayal

6/14

Granted leave of absence in the adjourned Meeting held on

December 29, 2022.

The Audit Committee also has separate meetings with the Joint Statutory Auditors without the presence of Management.

2.

Risk Management Committee (RMC)

Composition: As at March 31, 2023, the Committee comprises of Mr. Chandan Sinha (Chairman of Committee) (Non-Executive

Independent Director), Mr. R. Subramaniakumar (: Managing Director & CEO), Mr. Rajeev Ahuja (Executive Director), Ms. Veena

Mankar (Non-Executive Non Independent Director), Mr. Manjeev Singh Puri (Non-Executive Independent Director) and Dr.

Sivakumar Gopalan (Non-Executive Independent Director).

Meetings: The Committee met seven times during the financial year ended March 31, 2023: April 8, 2022, May 4, 2022, June 30,

2022, July 20, 2022, October 20, 2022, January 19, 2023 and March 23, 2023. The attendance thereat of the members of the

Committee are given herein below:

Members

Number of Meetings attended/held

(includes attendance through video

conference)

Remarks

Mr. Chandan Sinha

7/7

-

Mr. Prakash Chandra

5/5

Ceased to be member of the Committee w.e.f. October 22, 2022

Mr. R. Subramaniakumar

5/5

Inducted as member of the Committee w.e.f. June 23, 2022

Mr. Rajeev Ahuja

7/7

-

Ms. Veena Mankar

3/7

-

Mr. Manjeev Singh Puri

7/7

-

Dr. Sivakumar Gopalan

2/2

Inducted as member of the Committee w.e.f. October 22, 2022

Mr. Vishwavir Ahuja whose term as Managing Director & CEO ended on June 23, 2022, forenoon (F/N) was a member of the

Risk Management Committee till the date of his cessation, he did not attend any meetings as he had proceeded on leave

effective December 25, 2021.

3.

Nomination & Remuneration Committee (NRC)

Composition: As at March 31, 2023, the Committee comprises of Mr. Manjeev Singh Puri (

Managing Director & CEO), Mr. Rajeev Ahuja (Executive Director), Mr.

Ishan Raina (Non-Executive Independent Director) and Mr. Chandan Sinha (Non-Executive Independent Director).

Annexure I

Meetings: The Committee met five times during the financial year ended March 31, 2023: May 5, 2022, May 11, 2022 (adjourned

meeting held on May 13, 2022), August 18, 2022, November 21, 2022 and March 16, 2023. The attendance thereat of the

members of the Committee are given herein below:

Members

Number of Meetings attended/held

(includes attendance through video

conference)

Remarks

Dr. Sivakumar Gopalan

2/2

Inducted as member of the Committee and designated as

Chairman of the Committee w.e.f September 29, 2022.

Mr. R. Subramaniakumar

3/3

Inducted as member of the Committee w.e.f June 23, 2022.

Mr. Rajeev Ahuja

5/5

–

Mr. Vijay Mahajan

3/3

Ceased to be Director of the Bank and member of the Committee

w.e.f September 21, 2022.

Mr. Chandan Sinha

5/5

–

Mr. Ishan Raina

5/5

Ceased to be Chairman of the Committee w.e.f. September 29,

2022 and continued as a member.

Mr. Vishwavir Ahuja whose term as: Managing Director & CEO ended on June 23, 2022, forenoon (F/N) was a member of the

IT Strategy Committee till the date of his cessation, he did not attend any meetings as he had proceeded on leave effective

December 25, 2021.

6.

Board Investment and Credit Committee (BICC)

Composition: As at March 31, 2023, the Committee comprises of Mr. Vimal Bhandari (

Managing Director & CEO ended on June 23, 2022, forenoon (F/N) was a member of the

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee till the date of his cessation, he did not attend any meetings as he had proceeded

on leave effective December 25, 2021.

8.

Fraud Monitoring Committee (FMC) (erstwhile known as Anti-Fraud Committee)

Composition: As at March 31, 2023, the Committee comprises of Mr. Vimal Bhandari (Chairman of Committee) (Non –

Executive Non Independent Director), Mr. R. Subramaniakumar (: Managing Director & CEO), Mr. Prakash Chandra (Non-Executive

Independent Director), Mr. Chandan Sinha (Non-Executive Independent Director) and Dr. Sivakumar Gopalan (Non-Executive

Independent Director).

Meetings: The Committee met three times during the financial year ended March 31, 2023: May 4, 2022, July 25, 2022 and

January 18, 2023. The attendance thereat of the members of the Committee are given herein below:

Members

Number of Meetings attended/held

(includes attendance through video

conference)

Remarks

Mr. Vimal Bhandari

3/3

–

Mr. R. Subramaniakumar

2/2

Inducted as member of the Committee w.e.f. June 23, 2022.

Mr. Prakash Chandra

3/3

–

Mr. Rajeev Ahuja

1/1

Ceased to be member of the Committee w.e.f. June 23, 2022

Mr. Chandan Sinha

3/3

–

Dr. Somnath Ghosh

2/2

Ceased to be member of the Committee w.e.f. September 29,

2022.

Dr. Sivakumar Gopalan

0/1

Inducted as member of the Committee w.e.f. September 29,

2022.

Mr. Vishwavir Ahuja whose term as Managing Director & CEO ended on June 23, 2022, forenoon (F/N) was a member of this

Committee till the date of his cessation, he did not attend any meetings as he had proceeded on leave effective December 25,

2021.

The Board at its meeting held on January 19, 2023, considered and approved the change in the nomenclature of Anti-Fraud

Committee to Fraud Monitoring Committee.

9.

Capital Raising Committee (CRC)

Composition: As at March 31, 2023, the Committee comprises of Mr. R. Subramaniakumar (

Managing Director & CEO), Mr. Rajeev Ahuja (Executive Director), Ms. Ranjana

Agarwal (Non-Executive Independent Director), Dr. Somnath Ghosh (Non-Executive Independent Director) and Mr. Manjeev

Singh Puri (Non-Executive Independent Director).

Meetings: The Committee met two times during the financial year ended March 31, 2023: September 26, 2022 and December

19, 2022.The attendance thereat of the members of the Committee are given herein below:

Members

Number of Meetings attended/held

(includes attendance through video

conference)

Remarks

Mr. Ishan Raina

2/2

Member of the committee and designated as Chairman of the

committee w.e.f. May 6, 2022.

Mr. R. Subramaniakumar

2/2

Inducted as member of the Committee w.e.f. June 23, 2022.

Mr. Rajeev Ahuja

2/2

Member of the Committee w.e.f. May 6, 2022.

Ms. Ranjana Agarwal

2/2

Member of the Committee w.e.f. May 6, 2022.

Dr. Somnath Ghosh

2/2

Member of the Committee w.e.f. May 6, 2022.

Mr. Manjeev Singh Puri

2/2

Member of the Committee w.e.f. May 6, 2022.

12. Review Committee for Wilful Defaulters and Non-Cooperative Borrowers (RC-WD & NCB) #

Composition: As at March 31, 2023, the Committee comprised of Mr. R. Subramaniakumar (Chairman of Committee) (Managing

Director & CEO), Mr. Prakash Chandra (Non-Executive Independent Director) and Dr. Sivakumar Gopalan (Non-Executive

Independent Director).

Meetings: The Committee had no meetings during the financial year ended March 31, 2023.

Members

Number of Meetings attended/held

(includes attendance through video

conference)

Remarks

Mr. R. Subramaniakumar

–

Member and Chairman of the Committee w.e.f. October 22, 2022.

Mr. Prakash Chandra

–

Member of the Committee w.e.f. October 22, 2022

Dr. Sivakumar Gopalan

–

Member of the Committee w.e.f. October 22, 2022

#The Board at its meeting held on September 29, 2022, merged Wilful Defaulter Review Committee (WDRC) and Non – Cooperative Borrower

Review Committee (NCBRC) into a single committee i.e. Review Committee for Wilful Defaulters and Non-Cooperative Borrowers (RC – WD &

NCB). The composition of the RC – WD & NCB was approved by the Board on October 21, 2022.

Wilful Defaulter Review Committee and Non – Cooperative Borrower Review Committee

Meetings: The Wilful Defaulter Review Committee and Non – Cooperative Borrower Review Committee had no meetings during

the financial year ended March 31, 2023.

The composition of Wilful Defaulter Review Committee (WDRC) and Non – Cooperative Borrower Review Committee (NCBRC)

before being merged into single Committee i.e. Review Committee for Wilful Defaulters and Non-Cooperative Borrowers are

given below:

Wilful Defaulter Review Committee

Members

Number of Meetings attended/held

(includes attendance through video

conference)

Remarks

Mr. R. Subramaniakumar

–

Inducted as member of the Committee and designated as

Chairman w.e.f. June 23, 2022.

Mr. Ishan Raina

–

–

Mr. Rajeev Ahuja

–

–

Ms. Veena Mankar

–

–

Mr. Vimal Bhandari

–

–

Mr. Vishwavir Ahuja whose term as: Managing Director & CEO ended on June 23, 2022, forenoon (F/N) was a member of the

Wilful Defaulter Review Committee (WDRC) till the date of his cessation.

Annexure I

Non – Cooperative Borrower Review Committee

Members

Number of Meetings attended/held

(includes attendance through video

conference)

Remarks

Mr. R. Subramaniakumar

–

Inducted as member of the Committee and designated as

letter by the borrower/ promoters/ directors/

person in-charge of management / guarantors, as the case may be;

iii)

To evaluate the representation/submission by the borrower/ promoters/ directors/ person in-charge of

management / guarantors, as the case may be, and seek further details from them, in case Review Committee

for Wilful Defaulters and Non-cooperative Borrowers (‘Review Committee-WD&NCB’) is unable to reach a

conclusion of wilful default/ non-cooperation;

iv)

To confirm the order of the IC-WD&NCB for classifying a borrower/ promoters/ directors/ guarantors/ person

in-charge of management as Wilful Defaulter/ Non-Cooperative Borrower or otherwise in line with the extant

RBI guidelines and pass a reasoned order based on the representation/submission by borrower / promoters/

directors/ person in-charge of management /guarantors as the case may be, in this regard;

v)

Member of IC-WD&NCB/ Review Committee-WD&NCB to serve reasoned order of RC-WD&NCB to the borrower

/ promoters / directors/ person in-charge of management /guarantors, as the case may be;

vi)

To review and confirm the order of the IC-WD&NCB for removal of the names from the list of Wilful Defaulters/

Non-Cooperative Borrowers (as the case may be) or otherwise as reported to RBI / Credit Information

Companies/ Central Repository of Information on Large Credits (CRILC), as the case may be;

vii)

To review and confirm the order of the IC-WD&NCB for publication of photographs of Wilful Defaulters or

otherwise as reported to Reserve Bank of India / Credit Information Companies;

viii) To review and confirm the order of the IC-WD&NCB for reporting the names of third party like builders,

warehouse/ cold storage owners, motor vehicle/ tractor dealers, travel agents, etc. and professionals such as

architects, valuers, chartered accountants, advocates, etc. to Indian Banks Association (IBA), that played a vital

role in credit sanction/ disbursement and were involved in fraud/ wrong doing/ mala fide, etc.

ix)

Carry out any other act as may be stipulated by Reserve Bank of India or any other Regulatory Authority or the

Board of Directors from time to time.

(The Board at its meeting held on April 28, 2023 reviewed the terms of reference of Review Committee for Wilful

Defaulters and Non-Cooperative Borrowers).

The terms of reference of the Customer Service, Branding and Marketing Committee (CSBMC), Wilful Defaulter Review Committee

(WDRC) and Non-Cooperative Borrower Review Committee (NCBRC) are given below:

Customer Service, Branding and Marketing Committee (CSBMC) (upto May 5, 2022)

i)

Formulation of customer service related Policies.

ii)

Disclosure / maintenance of service related Information by banks in the public domain.

iii)

Reporting submission of various items to the Board:

a.

Analysis of Customer complaints including BO complaints and complaints received by Senior Management;

b.

Annual Statement of Compliance to BCSBI;

c.

Annual survey of depositor satisfaction;

d.

Triennial audit of such services;

e.

Examining any other issues having a bearing on the quality of customer service rendered;

f.

Review & deliberate on Customer Service Standing Committee, service quality, skill gaps & aspects relating to Branch Level

Service Committee.

iv)

Details of Incentives and Penalties levied by regulators for various customer service related aspects.

v)

Highlights for Charter of Customer Rights:

letter by the borrower/ promoters/ directors/ guarantors, as the

case may be;

iii)

To evaluate the representation/submission by the borrower/ promoters/ directors/ guarantors, as the case may be and seek

further details from the borrower/ promoters / directors / guarantors, as the case may be in case WDRC is unable to reach a

conclusion of wilful default;

iv)

To confirm the order of the WDIC for classifying a borrower/ promoters/ directors/ guarantors as Wilful Defaulters or otherwise

in line with the extant Reserve Bank of India guidelines and pass a reasoned order based on the representation/submission by

borrower / promoters/ directors/ guarantors, as the case may be, in this regard;

v)

Member of WDIC / WDRC to serve WDRC order to the borrower / promoters / directors/ guarantors, as the case may be;

vi)

To review and confirm the order of the WDIC for removal of the names from the list of Wilful Defaulters or otherwise as reported

to Reserve Bank of India / Credit Information Companies;

vii) To review and confirm the order of the WDIC for publication of photographs of Wilful Defaulters or otherwise as reported to

Reserve Bank of India / Credit Information Companies;

viii) To review and confirm the order of the WDIC for reporting the names of third party like builders, warehouse/ cold storage

owners, motor vehicle/ tractor dealers, travel agents, etc. and professionals such as architects, valuers, chartered accountants,

advocates, etc. to Indian Banks Association (IBA), that played a vital role in credit sanction/ disbursement and were involved in

fraud/ wrong doing/ mala fide, etc.

Non-Cooperative Borrower Review Committee (NCBRC) (before being merged into single Committee i.e. Review Committee for

Wilful Defaulters and Non-Cooperative Borrowers)

i)

To review the order of the Non-Cooperative Borrower Identification Committee (NCBIC) for classifying a borrower / promoters

/ directors / person in-charge of management, as the case may be, as Non-Cooperative in line with the extant Reserve Bank of

India guidelines;

ii)

To take note of written representation/submission by way of: letter by the borrower/ promoters/ directors/ person in-charge of

management;

iii)

To evaluate the representation/submission by the borrower/ promoters/ directors/ person in-charge of management, as the

case may be and seek further details from such person, in case NCBRC is unable to reach a conclusion of Non- Cooperation;

Annexure I

iv)

To confirm the order of the NCBIC for classifying a borrower/ promoters/ directors/ person in-charge of management as

Non-Cooperative or otherwise in line with the extant Reserve Bank of India guidelines and pass a reasoned order based on the

representation/submission by borrower/ promoters/ directors/ person in-charge of management, as the case may be in this

regard;

v)

Member of NCBIC / NCBRC to serve NCBRC order to the borrower / promoters / directors/ person in-charge of management;

and

vi)

To review and confirm the order of the NCBIC for removal of the names from the list of Non-Cooperative Borrowers or otherwise

as reported to Reserve Bank of India / Central Repository of Information on Large Credits (CRILC).

Senior Management

Regulation 16 of the SEBI Listing Regulations defines “senior management” as the officers and personnel of the listed entity who

are members of its core management team, excluding the Board of Directors, and shall also comprise all the members of the

management one level below the Chief Executive Officer or Managing Director or Whole Time Director or Manager (including Chief

Executive Officer and Manager, in case they are not part of the Board of Directors) and shall specifically include the functional heads,

by whatever name called and the Company Secretary and the Chief Financial Officer.

During the financial year ended March 31, 2023, 7 employees were additions to the “Senior Management” and there were 7 exits of

Senior Management employees. Further, during the financial year under review, there was a casual vacancy caused in the office of

Chief Financial Officer (CFO) due to sad and untimely demise of Mr. Amrut Palan who had been associated as a CFO with the Bank

since August 2019. Also, one member of the Senior Management was transferred to wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank.

As on March 31, 2023, the number of employees in the category of Senior Management were 23.

BOARD LEVEL PERFORMANCE EVALUATION

The performance evaluation of the Board as a whole as well as that of its Committees, Directors (including Independent Directors

and excluding Additional Director appointed by the Reserve Bank of India) and

Managing Director & CEO and Executive Director is done with

the approval of the Board based on the recommendations of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee as per the applicable

provisions of Companies Act, 2013, read with rules made thereunder and further with the approval of the Reserve Bank of India

and Members of the Bank.

No severance fees is paid by the Bank to its Whole-time Directors. The tenure of the office of Whole-time Directors will be for

such duration as approved by the Reserve Bank of India. The notice period for the Whole-time Directors as per the Bank’s Policy

is three months.

a.

The details of remuneration of Whole-time Directors for Financial Year ended March 31, 2023 is as under:

(Amt in R)

Sl.

No.

Particulars of Remuneration

Name of MD/WTD/ Manager

Total Amount

Mr. Vishwavir

Ahuja@

Mr. R

Subramaniakumar*

Mr. Rajeev

Ahuja$

1

Gross salary

a.

Salary as per provisions contained in section

17(1) of the Income-tax Act, 1961

31,82,666

2,07,14,060

2,03,62,475

4,42,59,201

b.

Value of perquisites u/s 17(2) of the Income-

tax Act, 1961

5,90,210

11,107

80,498

6,81,815

c.

Profits in lieu of salary under section 17(3) of

the Income-tax Act, 1961

2

Stock Option

0

0

0

3

Sweat Equity

4

Commission

- as % of profit

- Others, specify.

5

Others

Total-(A)

37,72,876

2,07,25,167

2,04,42,973

4,49,41,016

Ceiling as per the Act

Refer Note 2 below

@ Mr. Vishwavir Ahuja proceeded on leave from December 25, 2021, and his term as MD & CEO ended on June 23, 2022 (F/N).

* The Reserve Bank of India on an application made by the Bank with the approval of the Board (basis the recommendations of the Nomination

& Remuneration Committee) approved the appointment and terms of remuneration of Mr. R. Subramaniakumar as: Managing

letter dated December 24, 2021, and in exercise of powers conferred under Section 36

AB of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949, appointed Mr. Yogesh K Dayal, (DIN: 07594913) Chief General Manager, Reserve

Bank of India as an Additional Director on the Board of the Bank for a period of two years w.e.f December 24, 2021 till

December 23, 2023 or till further orders, whichever is earlier. No Sitting fees or fixed remuneration is paid to the Additional

Director as appointed by the Reserve Bank of India .

The ‘criteria for making payment to Non-Executive Directors’ of the Bank is available on the website of the Bank at

https://ir.rblbank.com/.

Further, the Bank did not have any material pecuniary relationship or transactions with its Independent Directors during the

year under review except payment of sitting fees and reimbursement of expenses for attending the meetings of the Board

and its Committees. The succession planning aspects with respect to the Board and key officials of the Bank are included

in the respective policies.

CODE OF CONDUCT

The Board of Directors of the Bank had laid down a Code of Ethics and Conduct for Board of Directors and Senior Management of

the Bank. This Code is uploaded on Bank’s website at https://ir.rblbank.com.

The Board of Directors and Senior Management Personnel have affirmed their compliance with the said Code for the financial year

2022-23. A declaration from the: Managing Director & CEO confirming the above is annexed to this report.

The Code of Ethics and Conduct for Board of Directors and Senior Management was last reviewed and amended by the Board at its

meeting held on April 28, 2023. The amendments were largely pertaining to the definition of ‘Senior Management’ as amended by the

SEBI Listing Regulations, changes done to the RBL Trading Code as approved by the Board at its Meeting held on January 19, 2023

and other changes for better articulation.

FAMILIARISATION PROGRAMME FOR INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS

At the time of appointment of an Independent Director, a formal letter of appointment is given to him/her, which inter alia explains

the role, function, duties and responsibilities of an Independent Director of the Bank. The Bank also follows a structured orientation

programme wherein it conducts an introductory familiarization program/presentation to make an Independent Director aware of the

processes, systems and policies adopted and followed by the Bank.

The Director is provided with the orientation documents including in particular, the Memorandum & Articles of Association of the

Bank, Annual Reports for last three financial years, key Board approved Codes & policies including Code of Ethics & Conduct for

Directors and Senior Management Personnel, RBL Trading Code, Organization Chart, List of Directors with details, details of Board

Committees, etc. Managing Director & CEO along with members of Senior Management team also have a personal discussion /

presentation with the newly appointed Independent Director.

Presentations are made at regular intervals at the Board / Committee Meetings which include updates on performance review,

strategy and key regulatory developments including specifically all new Reserve Bank of India Circulars / notifications / guidelines

issued from time to time, for more elaborate understanding of various aspects of business of the Bank. The Bank also arranges

for training programs/sessions for Directors, through reputed consulting firms/training institutes, on areas which are helpful to the

Board.

The Familiarization programme for Independent Directors of the Bank ensures valuable participation and inputs from them which

helps in bringing forth the best practices into the organization and helps in taking informed decisions at the Board level. Pursuant to

Regulation 25(7) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Bank imparted various familiarization programmes for its Directors including

Regulatory updates, Business Strategy and changes with respect to the Companies Act, 2013, Regulations as notified by the Reserve

Bank of India , SEBI Listing Regulations etc. at the Board Meetings. The details of the Familiarization programmes have been uploaded

on the Bank’s website at: https://ir.rblbank.com/.

Annexure I

A CHART OR A MATRIX SETTING OUT THE SKILLS / EXPERTISE / COMPETENCIES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The Board of Directors have evaluated and identified the core skills / expertise / competencies / special knowledge or practical

experience, as required in the context of the Bank’s business and sector(s) for it to function effectively. The Board of the Bank, apart

from the required behavioral skills and knowledge, duly possess the following skillsets as per the relevant provisions of the Banking

Regulation Act, 1949 and relevant circulars issued by the Reserve Bank of India from time to time:

(i)

Accountancy

(ii)

Agriculture and Rural Economy

(iii) Banking

(iv) Co-operation

(v)

Economics

(vi) Finance

(vii) Law

(viii) Small-Scale Industry

(ix) Information Technology

(x)

Payment & Settlement Systems

(xi) Human Resources

(xii) Risk Management

(xiii) Business Management

(xiv) Any other matter the special knowledge of, and practical experience in, which would, in the opinion of the Reserve Bank, be

useful to the Bank’s business / sectors.

Thus, in line with the above, the Board of the Bank is well structured and comprises of eminent personalities having wide, diverse &

practical experience and comprehensive professional credentials, behavioral skill sets, technical skill sets and also Directors having

domain knowledge, which helps the Bank to gain insights for strategy formulation and direction setting, thus adding value to its

growth objectives and also providing Members with a holistic view.

The details of skills/expertise/competencies available with the Bank and the names of the Directors as on March 31, 2023, possessing

such skills/expertise/competencies are detailed as under:

Sr. No

Name of Directors

Designation

Skill Set/ Expertise/ Competencies

1.

Mr. Prakash Chandra

Non-Executive Independent

Director (Part-time

letter dated June 10, 2022 appointed Mr. R Subramaniakumar as: Managing

Managing Director

& CEO for the period from December 25, 2021 till June 24, 2022 or till the appointment of a

regular: Managing

Managing Director & CEO.

(b) Further, there are no audit qualifications in the Bank’s financial statements by the Statutory Auditors or qualification or

adverse remark by the Company Secretary in Practice in his Secretarial Audit Report for the financial year 2022-23. The

Bank wishes to continue in the regime of unqualified financial statements as well as Secretarial Audit Report.

(c)

The Bank has an internal audit department which is headed by a senior official, who directly reports to the Audit Committee

of the Board.

E.

Subsidiary Companies

During the financial year ended March 31, 2023, the Bank has one unlisted wholly owned Subsidiary namely, RBL Finserve

Limited (formerly Swadhaar Finserve Private Limited) which does not qualify to be a material subsidiary as the income or

net worth of RBL Finserve Limited does not exceed ten percent of the consolidated income or net worth respectively, of the

Bank and its wholly owned subsidiary in the immediately preceding accounting year, as per the provisions of the SEBI Listing

Regulations. The details of the activities carried out by the wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank during the financial year ended

March 31, 2023 are provided in the Director’s Report.

The Bank ensures compliance with the requirements as listed under Regulation 24 of the SEBI Listing Regulations in respect

of its unlisted wholly owned subsidiary including review by the Audit Committee & Board of Directors of the Bank of financial

statements, in particular, the investments made by the wholly owned subsidiary. The minutes of the Board of the wholly owned

subsidiary alongwith the statement of all significant transactions and arrangements entered into by the wholly owned subsidiary,

if any are placed before the Audit Committee and Board of the Bank on quarterly basis.

In compliance with the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Bank had formulated a Board approved Policy for

Determining Material Subsidiaries. The said policy was last reviewed and amended by the Board at its Meeting held on April 28,

2023 and the same is available on website of the Bank at https://ir.rblbank.com/.

F.

Disclosure of commodity price risks and commodity hedging activities

The Bank has not undertaken any commodity price risk during the financial year ended March 31, 2023. The Bank has undertaken

all commodity transactions on back to back basis.

G. Fees paid to Statutory Auditors

The total fees incurred by the Bank and its subsidiary, on a consolidated basis, for the services rendered by the statutory

auditors i.e. M/s CNK & Associates LLP and M/s G. M. Kapadia & Co and their affiliated entities is as below:

Particulars

FY 2022-23

Total in Crs 1 (¢)

Audit fees (Including Statutory Certifications)

1.80

Others

0.25

Reimbursement of Expenses

0.08

Total

2.13

1 Excluding GST

H. Disclosures in relation to the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and

Redressal) Act, 2013

The Bank has zero tolerance towards any action on the part of any executive which may fall under the ambit of ‘Sexual

Harassment’ at workplace and is fully committed to uphold and maintain the dignity of every woman executive working in

the Bank. The Bank has formulated Policy on the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and

Redressal) Act, 2013. The Policy provides for protection against sexual harassment of women at workplace and for prevention

and redressal of such complaints. As a part of Anti Sexual Harassment initiatives, the Bank created a mandatory e-learning

module for all the employees called “Prevention of Sexual Harassment (POSH)”.

The disclosure in respect of complaints received under the said Policy during the financial year ended March 31, 2023 are as

under:

a.

No. of Complaints filed during the financial year: 1

b.

No. of Complaints disposed - off during the financial year: 1

c.

No. of Complaints pending as on end of the financial year: 0

I.

Certificate under Regulation 34(3) of SEBI Listing Regulations

The Bank has obtained a certificate from a Company Secretary in practice that none of the directors on the Board of the Bank

have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as directors of companies by the Board/Ministry of

Corporate Affairs or any such statutory authority. The said certificate is forming part of this Report as Annexure 1B.

J.

Details of utilization of funds raised through preferential allotment or qualified institutions placement as

specified under Regulation 32 (7A) of SEBI Listing Regulations

During the financial year ended March 31, 2023, there were no funds raised by the Bank through preferential allotment or

qualified institutions placement as specified under Regulation 32 (7A) of SEBI Listing Regulations.

K.

Secretarial Audit for the Financial Year 2022-23

Mr. Alwyn D’Souza, of M/s. Alwyn Jay & Co., Practicing Company Secretaries, was appointed as the Secretarial Auditor to

conduct Secretarial Audit of the Bank for the financial year ended March 31, 2023 as per the provisions of the Companies Act,

2013, who has carried out an independent assessment of the compliance of Companies Act, 2013, SEBI Listing Regulations

and Secretarial Standards as part of the secretarial audit. The Secretarial Audit Report forms part of this Annual Report as an

Annexure II to the Directors’ Report.

L.

Secretarial Compliance Report for the financial year 2022-23

SEBI vide its Circular CIR/CFD/CMD1/27/2019 dated February 08, 2019 along with BSE and NSE circular dated March 16,

2023 had prescribed the format on Annual Secretarial compliance report. Additionally, the stock exchanges had introduced the

facility of filing the Annual Secretarial Compliance Report in XBRL mode under Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended.:

Managing Director & CEO and

Deputy Chief Financial Officer of the Bank (appointed as Key Managerial Personnel and responsible for the role & responsibility

of a CFO till the appointment of a regular CFO), on the financial statements for the financial year ended March 31, 2023 was

placed before the Board of Directors at its meeting held on April 29, 2023.

The said certificate is forming part of this Report as an Annexure IC.

Q. Separate Meeting with Credit Rating Agencies

In compliance with the provisions of SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/ MIRSD/CRADT/CIR/P/2019/121 dated 4th November 2019,

the Members of the Audit Committee interact with the Credit Rating Agencies (“CRAs”) at a separate Audit Committee Meeting

on annual basis. During the financial year ended March 31, 2023, a separate meeting of the Audit Committee members with

CRAs was held on March 21, 2023 to inter alia discuss matters including related party transactions, internal financial controls

and other material matters of the Bank.

MEANS OF COMMUNICATION

The primary source of information to the Members of the Bank, customers, analyst and to the public at large is through the website

of the Bank i.e. https://ir.rblbank.com/. The Bank maintains a functional website and disseminates all the information to the stock

exchanges and on its website as required under SEBI Listing Regulations.

The Bank has provided adequate and timely information to its Members, inter-alia through the following means:

The quarterly, half-yearly and annual financial results are communicated through Press Release and newspapers advertisement

in prominent national and regional newspapers such as Business Standard, Pudhari, Lokmat etc.

The Bank also organizes a meeting/ call with the institutional investors and financial analysts to address their queries on the

financials etc. The transcripts / presentations/ recordings of the same are also uploaded on the Bank’s website.

The financial results, official news releases and presentations are also displayed on the website of the Bank i.e.

https://ir.rblbank.com under ‘Financials’ tab.

The Bank also publishes its Balance Sheet and Profit and Loss Account together with the Auditors’ Report in newspaper(s) as

required in terms of Section 31 of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949 and Rule 15 of the Banking Regulation (Companies) Rules,

1949.

The Ministry of Corporate Affairs (the “MCA”) vide its General Circular No. 10/2022 dated December 28, 2022 read with General

Circular No. 20/2020 dated May 5, 2020 and General Circular No. 2/2022 dated May 5, 2022 (collectively referred to as “MCA

Circulars”) and Securities and Exchange Board of India vide its Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD-2/P/CIR/2023/4 dated January

5, 2023 permitted the holding of the Annual General Meeting through video conferencing (“VC”) or other audio visual means

(“OAVM”) and also provided relaxations from dispatching physical copies of the financial statements (including Board’s report,

Auditor’s report or other documents required to be attached therewith) to the shareholders, for the Annual General Meetings

(AGMs) conducted till September 30, 2023. The Annual Report for financial year ended March 31, 2023 alongwith the Notice of

the 80th Annual General Meeting is being sent to the Members of the Bank only by email.

GENERAL INFORMATION

Day, Date, Time of the Annual

General Meeting

Monday, August 28, 2023 at 11.30 a.m., through video conferencing (“VC”) or other audio-visual means (“OAVM”)

Financial Year

April 1, 2022 to March 31, 2023

Day and Date of Record date

Friday, August 18, 2023

Dividend Payment

The dividend of ¢ 1.50/- per Equity (Ordinary) Share of face value of ¢ 10/- each, if approved by the Members at the

ensuing AGM, will be paid to the Members of the Bank holding equity shares as on the record date.

In terms of Regulation 12 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Bank will use the electronic clearing services, direct

credit, real time gross settlement, national electronic funds transfer etc for making payment of dividend. Members

holding shares in electronic mode are requested to update their bank account details with their Depository

Participant and Members holding shares in physical mode are requested to update their bank details with the

Registrar & Share Transfer Agent, Link Intime India Pvt Ltd at the address or email as mentioned further below.

In cases where either the bank details that are required for making electronic payment are not available or the

electronic payment instructions have failed or have been rejected by the bank, ‘payable-at-par’ warrants/ cheques

will be issued for making payments. The bank account details where available will be printed on the above payment

instruments.

Listing on Stock Exchanges

1.

National Stock Exchange of India Limited

Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C-1, Block-G, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051.

2.

BSE Limited

Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001.

The Listing Fees for financial year 2022-23 have been paid to the aforesaid Stock Exchanges.

Stock Code

BSE: 540065

NSE: RBLBANK

ISIN Number

INE976G01028

Registrar and Share Transfer

Agents

Link Intime India Pvt. Ltd.

C – 101, 247 Park, 1st Floor, LBS Marg, Vikhroli West, Mumbai – 400 083

Tel No. 022 – 49186270

Fax No. 022- 49186060

Email ID : rnt.helpdesk@linkintime.co.in:

Managing Director & CEO

Place: Mumbai

Date: July 22, 2023:

Managing Director & CEO

23/06/2022

3.

Mr. Rajeev Ahuja

00003545

Whole Time Director

21/02/2017

4.

Mr. Ishan Mohanlal Raina

00151951

Director

30/04/2016

5.

Ms. Veena Vikas Mankar

00004168

Director

22/10/2019

6.

Ms. Ranjana Agarwal

03340032

Director

30/11/2019

7.

Mr. Vimal Bhandari

00001318

Director

01/10/2020

8.

Dr. Somnath Ghosh

00401253

Director

07/12/2020

9.

Mr. Chandan Sinha

06921244

Director

21/05/2021

10.

Mr. Manjeev Singh Puri

09166794

Director

21/05/2021

11.

Mr. Yogesh Kumar Dayal

07594913

Nominee Director

24/12/2021

12.

Mr. Gopal Jain

00032308

Director

22/08/2022

13.

Mr. Sivakumar Gopalan

07537575

Director

22/08/2022

Ensuring the eligibility for the appointment / continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management of the

Bank. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on our verification. This certificate is neither an assurance as to the

future viability of the Bank nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Bank.

Place : Mumbai

ALWYN JAY & CO.

Date : July 22, 2023

Company Secretaries

Sd/-

Office Address:

(Alwyn D’souza, FCS. 5559)

Annex-103, Dimple Arcade,

(Partner)

Asha Nagar, Kandivali (East),

[Certificate of Practice No. 5137]

Mumbai 400101.

[UDIN: F005559E000662204]

Annexure IB:

Managing Director & CEO and Deepak Ruiya, Dy. Chief Financial Officer of RBL Bank Limited (hereinafter

“the Bank”) hereby certify to the Board that:

(a) We have reviewed financial statements and the cash flow statement for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2023 and that to

the best of our knowledge and belief:

(i)

these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements that

might be misleading;

(ii) these statements together present a true and fair view of the Bank’s affairs and are in compliance with existing accounting

standards, applicable laws and regulations.

(b) There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Bank during the year which are fraudulent,

illegal or violative of the Bank’s code of conduct.

(c) We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and we have evaluated the

effectiveness of internal control systems of the Bank pertaining to financial reporting and we have disclosed to the auditors

and the Audit Committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls, if any, of which we are aware and the

steps taken or proposed to be taken to rectify these deficiencies.

(d) We have indicated to the auditors and the Audit committee:

(i)

significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year;

(ii) significant changes in accounting policies during the year and that the same have been disclosed in the notes to the

financial statements; and

(iii) instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of the management or

an employee having a significant role in the Bank’s internal control system over financial reporting.

Sd/-

Sd/-

Deepak Ruiya

R. Subramaniakumar

Dy. Chief Financial Officer: Managing

Managing Director & Chief Executive

Officer of the Bank with effect from June 23, 2022.

(b) borrowing/raising funds denominated in Indian rupees

or any other permitted foreign currency by issuance

of debt securities including but not limited to long

term bonds, green bonds, non-convertible debentures,

perpetual debt instruments, notes and Tier II Capital

Bonds or such other debt securities, in domestic and/

or overseas market on private placement basis of an

amount not exceeding ¢ 3,000 Crores (Rupees Three

Thousand Crores), within the overall borrowing limits

of the Bank;

(c)

the enhancement of limit for grant of equity stock

options under Employees Stock Option Plan 2018

(“ESOP 2018/Plan”) to the Eligible Employees of the

Bank and amendments to ESOP 2018;

(d) the enhancement of limit for grant of equity stock

options under Employees Stock Option Plan 2018

(“ESOP 2018/Plan”) to the Eligible Employees of the

Subsidiary(ies) of the Bank and amendments to ESOP

2018.

2.

The Bank has allotted Unsecured Tier 2 Subordinated note

aggregating up to US$ 100,000,000 (One Hundred Million

United States Dollars) in accordance with the Reserve

Bank of India’s (“RBI”) Master Circular – Basel III Capital

Regulations dated April 1, 2022, as amended from time

to time (“Basel III Capital Regulations”) and offered under

Section 4(a)(2) of the United States Securities Act of 1933,

as amended to United States International Development

Finance Corporation.

3.

The Bank has allotted 54,300 Equity Shares of ¢ 10/- each

under “Employee Stock Option Schemes” of the Bank.

Place : Mumbai

ALWYN JAY & CO.

Date : July 21, 2023

Company Secretaries

Sd/-

Office Address:

(Alwyn D’souza, FCS. 5559)

Annex-103, Dimple Arcade,

[Partner]

Asha Nagar, Kandivali (East),

[Certificate of Practice No. 5137]

Mumbai 400101.

[UDIN: F005559E000655054]

Note: This report is to be read with our: letter of even date which is annexed

as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this report.

ANNEXURE A

To

The Members,

RBL Bank Limited

1st Lane, Shahupuri,

Kolhapur – 416001

Secretarial Audit Report of even date is to be read along with

this letter.

1.

The compliance of provisions of all laws, rules, regulations,

standards applicable to RBL Bank Limited (hereinafter

called ‘the Bank’) is the responsibility of the management of

the Bank. Our examination was limited to the verification of

records and procedures on test check basis for the purpose

of issue of the Secretarial Audit Report.

2.

Maintenance of secretarial and other records of applicable

laws is the responsibility of the management of the Bank.

Our responsibility is to issue Secretarial Audit Report,

based on the audit of the relevant records maintained and

furnished to us by the Bank, along with explanations where

so required.

3.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as

were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of the secretarial and other

legal records, legal compliance mechanism and corporate

conduct. Further part of the verification was done on the

basis of electronic data provided to us by the Company and

on test check basis to ensure that correct facts as reflected

in secretarial and other records produced to us. We believe

that the processes and practices we followed, provides a

reasonable basis for our opinion for the purpose of issue of

the Secretarial Audit Report.

4.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness

of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Bank.

5.

Wherever required, we have obtained the management

representation about list of applicable laws, compliance

of laws, rules and regulations and major events during the

audit period.

6.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as

to the future viability of the Bank nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted

the affairs of the Bank.

Place : Mumbai

ALWYN JAY & CO.

Date : July 21, 2023

Company Secretaries

Sd/-

Office Address:

(Alwyn D’souza, FCS. 5559)

Annex-103, Dimple Arcade,

[Partner]

Asha Nagar, Kandivali (East),

[Certificate of Practice No. 5137]

Mumbai 400101.

[UDIN: F005559E000655054]

Managing Director & CEO

2

2

3

Mr. Rajeev Ahuja

Member/ Executive Director

3

2

4

Mr. Ishan Raina

Member/ Non- Executive Independent Director

3

3

5

Ms. Ranjana Agarwal

Member/Non- Executive Independent Director

3

3

# Designated as Chairman of the Committee w.e.f September 29, 2022

$ Inducted as member of the Committee w.e.f June 23, 2022

Mr. Vijay Mahajan, Non-Executive Non Independent Director of the Bank was a member and Chairman of the Committee up to

September 21, 2022 being the date of his cessation from the Board of the Bank. During the year, he attended 2 meetings.

Mr. Vishwavir Ahuja whose term as: Managing

Managing Director & CEO)

(Chairman of CSR Committee)

(DIN: 07825083)

(DIN: 02839303)

Place : Mumbai

Date : June 29, 2023

Annexure III

SECTION A: GENERAL DISCLOSURES

I.

Details of the listed entity

1.

Corporate Identity Number (CIN) of the Listed Entity -

L65191PN1943PLC007308

2.

Name of the Listed Entity – RBL Bank Limited (“RBL” or “the

Bank”)

3.

Year of incorporation – 1943

4.

Registered office address - 1st Lane, Shahupuri, Kolhapur

416 001

5.

Corporate address - One World Center, Tower 2B, 6th

Floor, 841, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel (W), Mumbai

400013. India.

6.

E-mail - secretarial@rblbank.com

7.

Telephone - +91 22 4302 0600

8.

Website - www.rblbank.com

9.

Financial year for which reporting is being done – FY

2022-23

10. Name of the Stock Exchange(s) where shares are listed –

BSE & NSE

11. Paid-up Capital - ¢ 5,995,680,630/- as on 31 March, 2023.

12. Name and contact details (telephone, email address)

of the person who may be contacted in case of any

queries on the BRSR report - Niti Arya, Company

Secretary and Compliance Officer; Tel: +91 22 43020600;

email: investorgrievances@rblbank.com

13. Reporting boundary - The Report presents information

about the pan-India standalone operations of the Bank

across various business verticals.

II.

Products/services

14. Details of business activities (accounting for 90% of the

turnover):

S.

No.

Description of

Main Activity

Description of Business

Activity

% of

Turnover of

the entity

1

Financial and

insurance

Service

Banking activities by

Central, Commercial and

Saving banks

100%

15. Products/Services sold by the entity (accounting for 90%

of the entity’s Turnover):

S.

No.

Product/Service

NIC

Code

% of total Turnover

contributed

1

Banking Activity by

Commercial Banks

65191

100%

III. Operations

16. Number of locations where plants and/or operations/

offices of the entity are situated:

Location

Number of

plants

Number of

offices

Total

National

Not applicable

18 (offices) and

517 (branches)

533

International

Not applicable

Nil (offices) and

1 (branches)

1*

* GIFT City IBU

17. Markets served by the entity:

a.

Number of locations

Locations

Number

National (No. of

States)

With a total network of 298 banking outlets

and 414 ATMs, the Bank has a presence in

all 21 States, and 2 Union Territories.

International (No.

of Countries)

The Bank has International Financial

Services Unit (IFSC) Banking Unit (IBU) at

the Gujarat International Finance Tec-City

IFSC (GIFT City) to meet the requirements

of offshore banking operations from India.

b.

What is the contribution of exports as a percentage of

the total turnover of the entity?

Not Applicable

c.

A brief on types of customers

The Bank offers a wide array of products and services for

individuals and corporates including microfinance, personal

loans, personal and commercial vehicles loans, credit cards,

SME loans. The Bank is also a preferred banking partner for

various Government entities, PSUs and large corporates.

Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report:

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No.: 110321

DIN - 02839303

DIN - 07825083

Dr. Somnath Ghosh

Rajeev Ahuja

For G.M.Kapadia & Co.

Director

Executive Director

Chartered Accountants

DIN - 00401253

DIN - 00003545

ICAI Firm Registration No. 104767W

Rajen Ashar

Deepak Ruiya

Niti Arya

Partner

Deputy Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No.: 048243

Place : Mumbai

Date: April 29, 2023

As per our report of even date attached

For and on behalf of RBL Bank Limited

For CNK & Associates LLP

Chartered Accountants

ICAI Firm Registration No. 101961W/W100036

Suresh Agaskar

Prakash Chandra

R. Subramaniakumar

Partner

Chairman: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No.: 110321

DIN - 02839303

DIN - 07825083

Dr. Somnath Ghosh

Rajeev Ahuja

For G.M.Kapadia & Co.

Director

Executive Director

Chartered Accountants

DIN - 00401253

DIN - 00003545

ICAI Firm Registration No. 104767W

Rajen Ashar

Deepak Ruiya

Niti Arya

Partner

Deputy Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No.: 048243

Place : Mumbai

Date: April 29, 2023:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer with effect from June 23, 2022

afternoon)

Mr. Rajeev Ahuja (Interim: Managing

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer is not considered

x Denotes the mean pay for the Bank as a whole (excluding sub-staff)

Payment of compensation in the form of profit related commission to the non-executive directors.

(R in crore)

Particulars

2022-23

2021-22

Amount of remuneration paid during the year (pertains to preceding year)

–

0.28

Schedules

forming part of the standalone financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2023:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer (MD&CEO) /Chairman and other

Board members. The committee is responsible for evaluating the overall risks faced by the Bank including liquidity risk. The

potential interaction of liquidity risk with other risks is included in the risks addressed by the Risk Management Committee. At

the executive level, Asset Liability Management Committee (ALCO) ensures adherence to the risk limits set by the Board and

implements the liquidity risk management strategy of the Bank. ALM team within Treasury function of the Bank is responsible

for the day-to-day / intra-day liquidity management. ALCO channelizes various business segments of the Bank to target good

quality asset and liability profile to meet the Bank’s profitability as well as liquidity requirements.

High Quality Liquid Assets (HQLAs) under LCR are divided into two parts i.e. Level 1 and Level 2 HQLA.

Level 1 HQLA comprises primarily of cash, excess CRR, government securities in excess of SLR , Marginal Standing Facility

(currently 2% of NDTL) and Facility to Avail Liquidity for Liquidity Coverage Ratio (FALLCR) as permitted under prudential

guidelines - Currently 16% (previously 15%)

Level 2 HQLA comprises of investments in highly rated non-financial corporate bonds, debentures, commercial papers issued

by non-financial institutes and are further considered at prescribed haircuts.

Cash outflows are calculated by applying prescribed outflow run-off factors to contractual outflows on account of various

categories of liabilities and cash inflows are calculated by applying prescribed weights and factors to the contractual inflows.

Additionally, probable outflows on account of contingent liabilities such as letters of credit (LC) and bank guarantees (BGs) and

undrawn commitments both for fund & non fund based exposures are considered by applying prescribed run-off factors. The

Bank has also considered the impact of derivative portfolio in LCR as per RBI guidelines and it has very minimal impact on the

liquidity of the Bank. The Bank does not provide clearing or custodial services eligible for operational deposits under the extant

guidelines. Hence, operational deposits are not applicable to the Bank.

The Bank computes LCR on a daily basis in accordance with RBI guidelines. LCR is reported as a simple average of daily

observations for the quarter. The Bank believes that all inflows and outflows which might have a material impact under the

liquidity stress scenario have been considered for the purpose of LCR.

Banks are required to maintain a LCR of 100% with effect from January 1, 2019. Given below is the quarterly average LCR

maintained by the Bank for past years against the minimum prescribed by RBI.

Quarter Ended

Average LCR Maintained

LCR Required

31-Mar-23

126.20%

100%

31-Dec-22

144.11%

100%

30-Sep-22

156.36%

100%

30-Jun-22

149.13%

100%

31-Mar-22

137.68%

100%

31-Dec-21

146.42%

100%

30-Sep-21

154.76%

100%

30-Jun-21

133.56%

100%:

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No.: 110321

DIN - 02839303

DIN - 07825083

Dr. Somnath Ghosh

Rajeev Ahuja

For G.M.Kapadia & Co.

Director

Executive Director

Chartered Accountants

DIN - 00401253

DIN - 00003545

ICAI Firm Registration No. 104767W

Rajen Ashar

Deepak Ruiya

Niti Arya

Partner

Deputy Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No.: 048243

Place : Mumbai

Date: April 29, 2023:

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No.: 110321

DIN - 02839303

DIN - 07825083

Dr. Somnath Ghosh

Rajeev Ahuja

For G.M.Kapadia & Co.

Director

Executive Director

Chartered Accountants

DIN - 00401253

DIN - 00003545

ICAI Firm Registration No. 104767W

Rajen Ashar

Deepak Ruiya

Niti Arya

Partner

Deputy Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No.: 048243

Place : Mumbai

Date: April 29, 2023

As per our report of even date attached

For and on behalf of RBL Bank Limited

For CNK & Associates LLP

Chartered Accountants

ICAI Firm Registration No. 101961W/W100036

Suresh Agaskar

Prakash Chandra

R. Subramaniakumar

Partner

Chairman: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No.: 110321

DIN - 02839303

DIN - 07825083

Dr. Somnath Ghosh

Rajeev Ahuja

For G.M.Kapadia & Co.

Director

Executive Director

Chartered Accountants

DIN - 00401253

DIN - 00003545

ICAI Firm Registration No. 104767W

Rajen Ashar

Deepak Ruiya

Niti Arya

Partner

Deputy Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No.: 048243

Place : Mumbai

Date: April 29, 2023:

Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer with effect from June 23, 2022

afternoon)

Mr. Rajeev Ahuja (Interim: Managing

Managing Director & CEO

Membership No.: 110321

DIN - 02839303

DIN - 07825083

Dr. Somnath Ghosh

Rajeev Ahuja

For G.M.Kapadia & Co.

Director

Executive Director

Chartered Accountants

DIN - 00401253

DIN - 00003545

ICAI Firm Registration No. 104767W

Rajen Ashar

Deepak Ruiya

Niti Arya

Partner

Deputy Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Membership No.: 048243

Place : Mumbai

Date: April 29, 2023

Schedules

forming part of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2023

FORM AOC-1

(pursuant to first proviso to sub-section (3) of Section 129 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 5 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)

STATEMENT CONTAINING SALIENT FEATURES OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT OF SUBSIDIARIES / ASSOCIATE

COMPANIES / JOINT VENTURES

Part A: Subsidiaries

For the Financial year ended March 31, 2023

R in crore

Sr. No.

Name of the Subsidiary Company & Particulars

RBL Finserve Limited

1.

Reporting period for the subsidiary concerned, if different from the holding company’s

reporting period

Not Applicable

2.

Reporting currency and Exchange rate as on the last date of the relevant Financial year in

the case of foreign subsidiaries

Not Applicable

3.

Share capital

78.83

4.

Reserves & Surplus

-25.20

5.

Total assets

120.86

6.

Total Liabilities

67.23

7.

Investments

0.05

8.

Turnover

455.02

9.

Profit / (Loss) before taxation

40.64

10.

Provision for taxation

3.82

11.

Profit / (Loss) after taxation

36.82

12.

Proposed Dividend

–

13.

% of shareholding

100

Part B: Associates and Joint Ventures

Not Applicable

Notes:

1. Names of associates or joint ventures which are yet to be commence operations- Not Applicable

2. Names of associates or joint ventures which have been liquidated or sold during the year: Not Applicable

For and on behalf of RBL Bank Limited

Prakash Chandra

R. Subramaniakumar

Chairman: Managing

