Managing Director

Shri Ajoy Choudhury

Director (Finance)

Shri V.K. Singh

Director (Projects)

Shri Manoj Sharma

PFC Nominee Director

Shri Piyush Singh

Government Nominee Director

Dr. Gambheer Singh

Independent Director

Dr. Manoj Manohar Pande

Independent Director

Dr. Durgesh Nandini

Independent Director

Shri Narayanan Thirupathy

Independent Director

Company Information

Board of Directors

Shri Vivek Kumar Dewangan

Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director of REC Limited since May

17, 2022. He is an IAS officer (Manipur:1993) and holds B.E. in Electronics from NIT, Bhopal and

P.G. in Optoelectronics & Optical Communication from IIT, Delhi. Prior to joining REC, he was

Additional Secretary in the Ministry of Power, Government of India.

During his illustrious IAS career, he has held various administrative positions in the areas of

Finance, Power & Energy, Petroleum & Natural Gas, Elections, Law & Justice, Commerce &

Industries, Minister’s Offices (Corporate Affairs, Agriculture & Food Processing Industries),

Education, Human Resource Development, Sericulture, Agriculture & Cooperation, Economic

affairs, Economics & Statistics, Rural Development & Panchayati Raj, District Administration

(Surguja & Raipur districts in Chhattisgarh and Senapati district in Manipur) and Revenue

Administration. As CMD, he provides strategic vision and overall direction to REC for achieving

its corporate objectives.

He is also the ex-officio Chairman of REC’s wholly-owned subsidiary viz. REC Power Development

and Consultancy Limited (RECPDCL).

Shri Vivek Kumar Dewangan is holding Nil equity shares in REC. Further, he has no inter-se

relation with any other Director or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company.

Shri V.K. Singh is the Director (Technical) of REC Limited since July 15, 2022. Prior to his

elevation, he was serving as Executive Director in the Company. He holds a Bachelor’s Degree in

Electrical Engineering from IIT, Roorkee and has over 34 years of experience in the Indian power

sector. He joined REC on March 29, 2007 and prior to joining REC, he had worked in Power Grid

Corporation of India Limited and NTPC Limited.

As Director (Projects), he is responsible for all technical functions of REC, including project &

entity appraisal of renewable energy, generation, transmission & distribution projects, power

sector value chain i.e. equipment manufacturing, coal block financing etc; and infrastructure

financing namely ports, airports, metro, hospitals, refinery etc; and financing activities

including sanction, disbursement and project monitoring, business development, Stressed

Assets Management, Diversification and overall functioning of the Company. He is also

responsible for key operational areas of Procurement, Legal matters, IT system and Capacity

building business through RECIPMT. He is guiding the Program Management Division towards

successful implementation of Government Programs.

He has rich experience in transmission project development & management, TBCB process,

procurement of goods & services, construction of EHV sub-stations and transmission lines,

financial aspects like raising of bonds, commercial paper, ECB etc.

He is also a Director on the Board of REC Power Development and Consultancy Limited

(RECPDCL), a wholly owned subsidiary of REC.

Shri V.K. Singh is holding Nil equity shares in the Company. Further, he has no inter-se relation

with any other Director or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company.

Shri Ajoy Choudhury is the Director (Finance) of REC Limited since June 1, 2020. He is an Associate

Member of the Institute of Cost Accountants of India. He has over 35 years of experience in

the Indian power sector across diverse functions. He joined REC on April 16, 2007 and served

in various capacities and prior to joining REC, he had worked in various capacities in finance

discipline with Power Grid Corporation of India Limited and NHPC Limited.

As Director (Finance), he provides directions with respect to financial management and

operations of REC encompassing organizational and financial planning, formulation of financial

policies, financial accounting, management control systems, lending operations, cash and

fund management, corporate accounts, tax planning, mobilization of resources and liaison

with financial institutions & capital market players. He has been instrumental in implementing

various systemic improvements in REC, including formulation of loan recovery guidelines, asset

liability management, resolution of stressed assets, improving communication and services to

customers and managing overall resources and treasury in an efficient manner.

He is also a Director on the Board of REC Power Development and Consultancy Limited

(RECPDCL), a wholly owned subsidiary of REC.

Shri Ajoy Choudhury is holding 1,600 equity shares of `10/- each in the Company. Further, he

has no inter-se relation with any other Director or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company.

Shri Piyush Singh is Government Nominee Director on the Board of REC Limited since

September 14, 2022. He is an IAS Officer (Maharashtra: 2000) and holds B. Tech degree in

Civil Engineering from lIT Delhi. Presently, he is posted as Joint Secretary (Thermal and Coal,

Distribution) in the Ministry of Power, Government of India.

He has worked in various capacities in District Administration, Department of Social Justice

& Empowerment, Department of Health & Family Welfare and Department of Revenue,

Government of Maharashtra. He also served in Uttarakhand in Planning department,

Dehradun and has wide experience in the area of Public Administration and Planning.

Shri Piyush Singh is holding Nil equity shares in the Company. Further, he has no inter-se

relation with any other Director or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company

Shri Vivek Kumar Dewangan

(DIN: 01377212)

Chairman &: Managing

Dear Stakeholders,

I am delighted to present the 54th Annual Report of your Company,

which showcases a fabulous year of remarkable achievements. It

is with great pride, I share with you that your Company has been

conferred Maharatna Status in September, 2022, enabling us with

greater operational and financial autonomy. This prestigious status

allows strategic investments through Joint Ventures, Subsidiaries

and Merger & Acquisition activities in India and abroad, thereby

accelerating growth and supporting the Government's vision for the

overall development of the country.

Aligning with energy transition initiatives of Government of India

for enhanced Nationally Determined Contributions (NDCs), REC is

committed to increase its present loan portfolio of Green Projects

to the extent of more than ten times by the year 2030 amounting

to ₹3 lakh crore. REC has been known for its rural electrification

efforts, now it would be known for its Renewable Energy (RE) focused

initiatives. In addition to the conventional RE projects like solar and

wind projects, REC has ventured into financing of Hybrid projects,

E-mobility projects, Pumped Storage projects, manufacturing of Solar

modules, Project Specific funding for timely execution of projects

etc. Further, financing of sunrise sectors like Green Hydrogen, Green

Ammonia Projects, round the clock projects involving bundling of RE

with thermal power and ethanol manufacturing projects are being

actively pursued amongst others. At the same time, partially utilized

thermal power plants need to be retrofitted to offer additional

flexibility (ramp-up/ ramp-down) which will help integrate these

variable RE sources without impacting the grid stability.

While posing faith in REC, Ministry of Power has also allowed our

Company to lend to non-power infrastructure & logistics sector

to contribute to the accelerated development of our nation and I

ecstatically report that during the first year itself, we have sanctioned

more than ₹85,700 crore towards various projects spanning from

Metro, Ports, Airports, Oil Refineries, Highways, Steel Infra to

Healthcare, Educational Institutions and also in sectors of IT Infra/

Fiber Optics, etc. that constitute about 32% of overall sanctions of

the Company, in the last financial year.

REC has been instrumental in fulfilling the Government of India’s

target of electrifying unelectrified villages and universal household

electrification as a nodal agency for the Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Gram

Jyoti Yojana and the Pradhan Mantri Sahaj Bijli Har Ghar Yojana –

Message from CMD:

Managing Director:

letter dated July 11, 2023 of Ministry of Power, Government of India,

Shri Manoj Sharma (DIN: 06822395), who was appointed in the

capacity of Additional Director (Nominee Director of PFC) on the

Board, with effect from July 11, 2023 and in respect of whom, the

Company has received a notice in writing proposing his candidature

for Directorship under Section 160 of the Act, be and is hereby

appointed as Director (Nominee Director of PFC) of the Company,

liable to retire by rotation, on the terms & conditions, fixed by the

Government of India.”

Item No. 7:

To increase the overall Borrowing Limit of the

Company

To consider and if thought fit, to pass, with or without modification(s),

the following resolution(s) as a Special Resolution:-

“RESOLVED THAT in supersession of earlier resolution passed by

the Company in this regard and pursuant to Section 180(1)(c) of the

Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Management and

Administration) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory modification(s)

or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force) & any

other applicable laws and provisions of Articles of Association

of the Company, consent of the shareholders be and is hereby

accorded to the Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”)

for increasing the overall borrowing limit of the Company in Indian

Rupees from ₹4,50,000 crore to ₹6,00,000 crore and in any foreign

currency equivalent from USD 16 billion to USD 20 billion and

to borrow such moneys or sum of moneys, from time to time, at

its discretion, with or without security and upon such terms and

conditions as the Board may think fit, for the purpose of business

of the Company, notwithstanding that the money to be borrowed

together with the money already borrowed by the Company (apart

from the temporary loans obtained from the Company’s bankers

in the ordinary course of business), will exceed aggregate of the

paid up capital of the Company and its free reserves, provided that

the total amount borrowed and outstanding at any point of time

in any foreign currency shall not exceed a sum equivalent to USD

20 billion (US Dollars Twenty Billion only) and upto ₹6,00,000 crore

(Rupees Six Lakh Crore only) in Indian Rupees.”

“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company

(including any Committee duly constituted by the Board of Directors

or any authority as approved by the Board of Directors) be and is

hereby authorized to do and execute all such acts, deeds and things

as may be necessary for giving effect to the above resolution.”

Item No. 8:

To create mortgage and/or charge on all or any of

the movable and/or immovable properties of the

Company.

To consider and if thought fit, to pass, with or without modification(s),

the following resolution(s) as a Special Resolution:-

“RESOLVED THAT in supersession of earlier resolution passed by the

Company in this regard and pursuant to Section 180(1)(a) and other

applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the

Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 (including

any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the

time being in force) and any other applicable laws and provisions of

Articles of Association of the Company, consent of the shareholders

be and is hereby accorded to the Board of Directors of the Company

(the “Board”) to create charge, hypothecation, mortgage on any

movable and/or immovable properties/assets of the Company

wheresoever situated, both present and future and on the whole

or substantially the whole of the undertaking or the undertakings

of the Company in favour of any banks, financial institutions, hire

purchase/lease companies, body corporate or any other persons on

such terms and conditions as the Board may think fit, for the benefit

of the Company and as agreed between Board and lender(s) towards

security for borrowing of funds from time to time, not exceeding

₹6,00,000 crore (Rupees Six Lakh Crore only) in Indian Rupees and in

any foreign currency equivalent to USD 20 billion (US Dollars Twenty

Billion only) for the purpose of business of the Company or otherwise

as per the requirements of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the

Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 and

any other statutory and procedural formalities to be complied with

in this regard.”

“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company

(including any Committee duly constituted by the Board of Directors

or any authority as approved by the Board of Directors) be and is

hereby authorized to do and execute all such acts, deeds and things

as may be necessary for giving effect to the above resolution.”

Item No. 9:

Approval for private placement of securities.

To consider and if thought fit, to pass, with or without modification(s),

the following resolution(s) as a Special Resolution:-

“RESOLVED THAT in accordance with the provisions of Section 42

and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013

and rules made thereunder, (including any statutory modification(s)

or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force) and any other

applicable laws including the SEBI (Issue & Listing of Debt Securities)

Regulation, 2021 and any amendments thereof and other applicable

SEBI regulations and guidelines, the Circulars/Directions/Guidelines

issued by Reserve Bank of India, from time to time, the provisions of

the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company and

subject to the receipt of necessary approvals as may be applicable

and such other approvals, permissions and sanctions, as may be

necessary, including the approval of any existing lenders/trustees

of Debenture Holders, if so required under the terms of agreement/

deed and subject to such conditions and modifications as may be

prescribed or imposed by any of them while granting such approvals,

permissions and sanctions which may be agreed to by the Board

of Directors of the Company (the “Board”) or any duly constituted

Committee of the Board or such other authority as may be approved

by the Board, consent of the shareholders be and is hereby accorded

to raise funds through private placement of unsecured/secured

non-convertible bonds/debentures upto ₹1,05,000 crore during a

period of one year from the date of passing of this resolution, in one

or more tranches, to such person or persons, who may or may not

be the bond/ debenture holders of the Company, as the Board (or

any duly constituted Committee of the Board or such other authority

as may be approved by the Board) may at its sole discretion decide,

including eligible investors (whether residents and/or non-residents

and/or institutions/incorporated bodies and/or individuals and/

or trustees and/or banks or otherwise, in domestic and/or one or

more international markets) including Non-Resident Indians, Foreign

Institutional Investors (FIIs), Venture Capital Funds, Foreign Venture

Capital Investors, State Industrial Development Corporations,

Insurance Companies, Provident Funds, Pension Funds, Development

Financial Institutions, Bodies Corporate, Companies, Private or Public

or other entities, authorities and to such other persons in one or

more combinations thereof through Private Placement in one or

more tranches and including the exercise of a green-shoe option

(within the overall limit of ₹1,05,000 crore, as stated above), if any,

at such terms as may be determined under the guidelines as may be

applicable, and on such terms and conditions as may be finalized by

the Board or any duly constituted Committee of the Board or such

other authority as may be approved by the Board.”

“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to any

Private Placement of unsecured/secured non-convertible bonds/

debentures, the Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”) or

any duly constituted Committee of the Board or such other authority

as may be approved by the Board, be and is hereby authorized to

determine the terms of the Issue, including the class of investors

to whom the bonds/debentures are to be allotted, the number of

bonds/debentures to be allotted in each tranche, issue price, tenor,

interest rate, premium/discount to the then prevailing market price,

amount of issue, discount to issue price to a class of bond/debenture

holders, listing, issuing any declaration/undertaking etc. required

to be included in the Private Placement Offer: Letter and to do and

execute all such acts, deeds and things, as may be required under any

other regulatory requirement for the time being in force.”

By Order of the Board of

letter to the Scrutinizer

through e-mail at hemantsinghcs@gmail.com with a copy

marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in.

8.

The Company has fixed Wednesday, August 30, 2023 as the

Cut-off date for determining the eligibility to vote on item(s) of

business to be transacted at the 54th AGM as detailed in notice.

Any person who acquires shares of the Company and becomes

a member of the Company after sending of the Notice and

is holding shares as on the cut-off date, may obtain the login

ID and password by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in.

However, if he / she is already registered with NSDL for remote

e-voting, then he / she can use his / her existing user ID and

password for casting the vote. Any shareholder who disposes off

his shareholding such that he/she is not a member as on the cut-

off date should treat this Notice for information purposes only.

9.

CS Hemant Singh (FCS no. 6033) from Hemant Singh &

Associates, Practicing Company Secretaries has been appointed

as the Scrutinizer to scrutinize the votes cast by the shareholders

in respect of items of business to be transacted at the 54th AGM,

in a fair and transparent manner.

10.

In compliance with provisions of MCA & SEBI Circulars referred

above, Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with

Rule 20 of the Companies (Management and Administration)

Rules, 2014, Regulation 44 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015

and Secretarial Standards on General Meetings issued by ICSI,

the Company is offering e-voting facility to the shareholders

to enable them to cast their votes electronically on the items

mentioned in the Notice. Those shareholders who do not opt

to cast their vote through remote e-voting, may cast their vote

through electronic voting system during the AGM.

NSDL will be providing facility for remote e-voting,

participation in the 54th AGM through VC/OAVM and voting

during the 54th AGM through electronic voting system. The

remote e-voting period begins on Sunday, September 3,

2023 (0900 hours) and ends on Tuesday, September 5,

2023 (1700 hours). The remote e-Voting module shall be

disabled by NSDL for voting thereafter.

Members may join the 54th AGM through VC/OAVM, which shall

be kept open for the members on September 6, 2023 from

10:45 A.M. IST i.e. 15 minutes before the scheduled start time

and the Company may close the window for joining the VC/

OAVM facility 30 minutes after the scheduled start time, i.e. by

11:30 A.M. on date of AGM.

Please refer to detailed instructions for remote e-voting,

attending the 54th AGM through VC/OAVM and electronic

voting during the AGM, annexed to this Notice.

11.

In pursuance of Article 114 of the Articles of Association of

the Company read with Section 123 of the Companies Act,

2013 and Rules made thereunder, as amended from time to

time, the Company declared and paid interim dividend twice

for the financial year 2022-23, as detailed below:-

Sl.

no.

Particulars

Amount per

equity

share (₹)

Date of

declara-

tion

Date of

Payment

1.

1st Interim

Dividend

5.00

October 27,

2022

November

24, 2022

2.

2nd Interim

Dividend

3.25

January 30,

2023

February

28, 2023

Further, the Board of Directors of the Company in its meeting

held on June 24, 2023 had inter-alia recommended final

dividend @ ₹4.35 per equity share for the financial year

2022-23 and the said dividend, if approved, by the members

at this Annual General Meeting, will be paid within thirty days

from the date of 54th AGM of the Company, to the members

or as per their mandates whose names appear in the Register

of Members of the Company as on record date i.e. Friday,

July 14, 2023.

Pursuant to Finance Act, 2020 dividend income is now taxable

in the hands of the shareholders and the Company is required

to deduct tax at source (“TDS”) from dividend paid to the

Members at prescribed rates in the Income Tax Act, 1961 (“the

IT Act”). In order to enable compliance with TDS requirements

in respect of dividends declared by the Company in future,

members are requested to submit Form 15G/15H on annual

basis and update details about their residential status, PAN,

Category as per the IT Act with their Depository Participants

or in case of shares held in physical form, with the Company /

R&TA, so that tax at source, if any as per applicable rates may

be deducted in respect of dividend payments made by the

Company in future.

12.

Brief Resume of the Directors seeking appointment/re-

appointment as required under Regulation 36 of SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015

{SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015} is annexed hereto and forms

part of Notice.

13.

Pursuant to Section 139(5) of the Companies Act, 2013,

the Auditors of a Government Company are appointed/re-

appointed by the Comptroller and Auditor General (C&AG)

of India and in terms of Section 142 of the Companies Act,

2013, their remuneration shall be fixed by the Company in

a General Meeting or in such manner as the Company may

determine in a General Meeting.

In the 53rd AGM of the Company held on September 16, 2022,

the Board of Directors were authorized by the Shareholders

in pursuance of Section 142 read with Section 139(5) of the

Companies Act, 2013 to fix and approve the remuneration

of Statutory Auditors of the Company for the financial year

2022-23. Accordingly, the Board of Directors approved the

payment of remuneration of ₹58,00,000/- (Rupees Fifty Eight

Lakh only) plus taxes as applicable to be shared equally by

the Statutory Auditors i.e. M/s O.P. Bagla & Co. LLP, Chartered

Accountants and M/s S.K. Mittal & Co., Chartered Accountants,

for the financial year 2022-23. The Board also approved that

in addition to the said remuneration, the Statutory Auditors

may be paid such actual reasonable travelling allowance and

out-of-pocket expenses for outstation audit work, as may be

decided by the CMD/Director (Finance).

The appointment of Statutory Auditors of the Company for

the financial year 2023-24 is yet to be made by the C&AG

of India. Further, members are requested to authorize the

Board of Directors of the Company to fix an appropriate

remuneration of the Statutory Auditors of the Company, as

may be deemed fit, for the financial year 2023-24.

14.

SEBI encourages all shareholders to hold their shares in

dematerialized form as this eliminates the possibility of

damage/loss of physical share certificate(s) & cases of forgery

and facilitates the ease and convenience of paperless trading

of shares. Further, no stamp duty is payable on transfer of

shares held in demat form. In this regard, SEBI had earlier

prescribed that requests for effecting transfer of securities

shall not be processed unless the securities are held in the

dematerialized form with a depository.

Further, SEBI vide Circular dated January 25, 2022 has

prescribed detailed procedure for issue of securities

in dematerialized form only while processing investor

service requests such as sub-division/split/consolidation/

transmission/transposition

and

issue

of

duplicate

certificate(s). Accordingly, we request you to convert your

shareholdings from physical form to demat form at the

earliest. Further, in terms of SEBI circular dated March 16,

2023, Company has sent intimations vide: letter dated May

29, 2023 to the shareholders, who are holding the shares in

physical form to furnish/update PAN, e-mail address, mobile

number, bank account and nomination details and the

said intimation has also been sent to stock exchanges for

dissemination.

15.

As SEBI has made usage of electronic payment modes for

making payments to the investors mandatory, therefore

members are advised to submit their National Electronic

Clearing System (NECS)/National Electronic Fund Transfer

(NEFT)/ Direct Credit mandates or changes therein, to

enable the Company to make payment of dividend.

Shareholders holding shares in physical form may send the

NECS/NEFT/Direct Credit mandate form, available on the

Company’s website, to R&TA of the Company at the address

i.e. Alankit Assigments Limited, Unit : REC Limited, 205-

208, Anarkali Complex, Jhandewalan Extension, New

Delhi-110055. Shareholders holding shares in electronic

Managing Director of the Company and also Vice Chairman/Managing

Director, Whole time Functional Director and other Directors in

consultation with the Chairman/Chairman and: Managing Director.

However, in accordance with the proviso of Regulation 17(1C) of SEBI (LODR)

Regulations, effective from January 17, 2023, provides that a public sector

Company shall ensure the approval of the shareholders for appointment of

a person on the Board of Directors at the next general meeting.

The Ministry of Power (MoP), vide its order dated March 3, 2023, has

appointed Shri Narayanan Thirupathy (DIN: 10063245), as Part time

Non-official Independent Director of REC, for a period of three years

from the date of notification of his appointment or until further orders,

whichever is earlier. Further, after compliances of statutory provisions

and on recommendation of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee,

the Board of Directors of the Company has approved the appointment of

Shri Narayanan Thirupathy as Director of the Company, with effect from

March 6, 2023, subject to approval of the shareholders. Further, his tenure

will be upto March 2, 2026 (i.e. three years from the date of notification of

his appointment) or until further orders, whichever is earlier.

A brief profile of Shri Narayanan Thirupathy, in terms of SEBI (LODR)

Regulations, 2015 and Secretarial Standard-2, is annexed to this Notice.

Pursuant to the Articles of Association of the Company and applicable

statutory provisions, Shri Narayanan Thirupathy shall not be liable to

retire by rotation. Further, the terms & conditions of his appointment

will be governed by MoP Order and/or any other Order etc. issued by the

Government of India.

Shri Narayanan Thirupathy fulfills the conditions specified in the Act and

the Rules made thereunder and Shri Thirupathy is independent of the

Management and has also declared that he is not debarred from being

appointed as a Director by SEBI or any other authority, and that he is not

disqualified from being appointed as a Director of the Company, in terms

of the provisions of the Act. Further, he is not related to any Director or Key

Managerial Personnel of the Company. The Company has received a notice

in writing, proposing his candidature for the office of Director in terms of

Section 160 of the Act.

All documents related to this business proposal shall be available for

inspection through electronic mode, from date of circulation of this Notice

upto the date of AGM.

The Board of Directors of the Company in its meeting held on March 9, 2023

approved the above proposal and recommended the passing of the Special

Resolution at Item No. 5 of this notice, by Shareholders of the Company.

Except Shri Narayanan Thirupathy, none of the Directors or Key

Managerial Personnel or their relatives have any concern or interest,

financial or otherwise, in passing of the said Special Resolution, other

than the extent of their holding in the securities of the Company, if any.

In view of the above, it is proposed to obtain the approval of shareholders

for appointment of Shri Narayanan Thirupathy as Independent Director

(part-time non-official Director) of the Company, by passing Special

Resolution set out at Item No. 5 of this Notice.

Item No. 6

REC is a Government Company and as per its Articles of Association,

the President of India has the power to appoint

letter dated August

10, 2023, rechristened of the existing post

of Director (Technical) of the Company as

Director (Projects).

As Director (Projects), he is responsible for

all technical functions of REC, including

project & entity appraisal of renewable

energy,

generation,

transmission

&

distribution projects, power sector value

chain i.e. equipment manufacturing, coal

block financing etc; and infrastructure

financing namely ports, airports, metro,

hospitals, refinery etc; and financing

activities including sanction, disbursement

and

project

monitoring,

business

development, Stressed Assets Management,

Diversification and overall functioning of

the Company. He is also responsible for

key operational areas of Procurement,

Legal matters, IT system and Capacity

building business through RECIPMT. He is

guiding the Program Management Division

towards successful implementation of Govt.

Programs.

He has rich experience in transmission

project

development

&

management,

TBCB process, procurement of goods &

services, construction of EHV sub-stations

and transmission lines, financial aspects like

raising of bonds, commercial paper, ECB etc.

Shri Narayanan Thirupathy has

been working for the development

of poor, downtrodden people

for more than 35 years and is a

popular Television debater and

Social worker from Tamil Nadu.

Shri Narayanan Thirupathy is the

founder of a social forum called

“Theervu” which means Justice,

through which he has created

awareness

about

the

socio

economic and industrial policies

of the country and popularised

the concept of good governance

with the people of Tamil Nadu.

He is well known for his immense

contribution to create peace,

communal harmony and social

justice.

Shri Manoj Sharma is a Chartered

Accountant with a degree in law

(LLB). He is currently working as

Director (Commercial) in PFC.

He has more than 31 years of

experience in power sector. In PFC,

he has handled multiple areas &

domains

including

institutional

appraisal & development, entity

appraisal, legal & documentation,

taxation, budget, audit, preparation

of financial statements & audit

reports, financial analysis, resource

mobilization,

debt

syndication

and consultancy assignments on

financial/commercial

aspects

in

power sector. During the last 3

decades, he has been associated

with entire spectrum of PFC’s loan

assets, covering formulation of

lending policies, putting in place a

policy framework to guide appraisal

with

a

structured

format

for

financial analysis, compliance with

applicable regulatory and statutory

frameworks, monitoring conditions,

facilitating disbursement, resolution

mechanism for stressed accounts.

He is Chairman of PFC Projects

Limited, a subsidiary of PFC, an SPV

for submission of lenders’ backed

resolution plan by PFC for resolution

of stressed assets.

Nature of

expertise

in specific

functional

areas

Shri V.K. Singh brings in expertise in various

areas such as financial management,

power sector domain expertise, project

appraisal, corporate planning & strategy, risk

management, leadership, board practices

&

governance,

business

development,

environment & social areas.

Shri Narayanan Thirupathy brings

in expertise in various areas such

as financial management, power

sector domain expertise, corporate

planning & strategy, leadership,

board

practices

&

governance,

business development, environment

& social areas.

Shri

Manoj

Sharma

brings

in

expertise in various areas such as

financial management, power sector

domain expertise, project appraisal,

corporate planning & strategy, risk

management,

leadership,

board

practices & governance, business

development, environment & social

areas.

foreign currency, from USD 16 billion to USD 20 billion, for the purpose of

business of the Company.

All documents related to this business proposal shall be available for

inspection through electronic mode, from date of circulation of this Notice

upto the date of AGM.

The Board of Directors of the Company in its Meeting held on July 26, 2023

approved the above proposal and recommended the passing of the Special

Resolution at Item No. 7 of this notice, by Shareholders of the Company.

The Directors or Key Managerial Personnel or their relatives do not have any

concern or interest, financial or otherwise, in passing of the said Resolution,

extent of their holding in the securities of the Company, if any.

In view of the above, it is proposed to obtain the approval of shareholders

for increasing the borrowing limit, by passing Special Resolution set out at

Item No. 7 of this Notice.

Item No. 8

In terms of the provisions of Section 180(1)(a) read with Section 110 of

the Companies Act, 2013 and Rules made thereunder, a company cannot

sell, lease or otherwise dispose off the whole or substantially the whole of

the undertaking or undertakings of the company without the consent of

the Shareholders of the Company by way of a Special Resolution through

Postal Ballot. However, in terms of MCA Notification dated February 9,

2018, any item of business required to be transacted by means of postal

ballot, may be transacted at a general meeting by a company which is

required to provide the facility to members to vote by electronic means.

In terms of the provisions of Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI (LODR)

Regulations, 2015, REC is providing the facility to its members to enable

them to vote on resolutions at the general meeting, by electronic means.

Accordingly, the Special Resolution for creation of mortgage and/or charge

on all or any of the movable and/or immovable properties of the Company,

is proposed to be passed in this AGM.

The operations of the Company have increased substantially and in order

to meet the growing fund requirements of the Company, additional

funds are required to be raised by creation of security on the immovable/

movable properties of the Company. Since the creation of charge /

mortgage tantamount to otherwise disposing of the undertakings of

the Company, it is necessary to pass a Special Resolution under Section

180(1)(a) of the Companies Act, 2013.

Therefore, it is proposed to authorize the Board of Directors of the

Company to mortgage/create charge on immovable and/or movable

properties of the Company, both present and future, for securing loan

up to ₹6,00,000 crore in Indian Rupees and in any foreign currency

equivalent to USD 20 billion, for the purpose of business of the Company

or otherwise as per the requirements of Section 180(1)(a) of the

Companies Act, 2013, Rules made there under and any other statutory

and procedural formalities to be complied with in this regard.

All documents related to this business proposal shall be available for

inspection through electronic mode, from date of circulation of this Notice

upto the date of AGM.

The Directors or Key Managerial Personnel or their relatives do not have

any concern or interest, financial or otherwise, in passing of the said

Resolution, other than the extent of their holding in the securities of the

Company, if any.

The Board of Directors of the Company in its Meeting held on July 26,

2023 approved the above proposal and recommended the passing of

the Special Resolution at Item No. 8 of this notice, by Shareholders of the

Company.

In view of the above, it is proposed to obtain the approval of shareholders

for creation of mortgage and/or charge on all or any of the movable and/

or immovable properties, by passing Special Resolution set out at Item

No. 8 of this Notice.

Item No. 9

As per provisions of Section 42 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule

14 of the Companies (Prospectus and Allotment of Securities) Rules, 2014

and Rule 18 of the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014,

a company shall not make a Private placement of its securities unless the

proposed offer of securities or invitation to subscribe to securities has

been previously approved by the Shareholders of the Company by a

Special Resolution for each of the offers or invitations. However, in case of

offer or invitation for “non-convertible debentures”, it shall be sufficient if

the company passes a previous Special Resolution only once in a year for

all the offer(s) or invitation(s) for such debentures during the year.

Therefore, it is proposed to pass a Special Resolution to enable the

Company to raise funds through private placement of unsecured/

secured non-convertible bonds/ debentures upto ₹1,05,000 crore, during

a period of one year from the date of passing of this resolution, i.e. upto

September 5, 2024, in one or more tranches, to such person or persons,

who may or may not be the bond/debenture holders of the Company,

within the overall market borrowing programme, as may be approved

by the Board of Directors of the Company, from time to time. Further, the

said limit of ₹1,05,000 crore shall be within the overall revised borrowing

limit, being proposed for approval by the shareholders of the Company

at this AGM.

Further, the Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”) or any

Committee duly constituted by the Board or such other authority as may

be approved by the Board shall be authorized to determine the terms of

the issue, including the class of investors to whom the bonds/debentures

are to be allotted, the number of bonds/debentures to be allotted in

each tranche, issue price, tenor, interest rate, premium/discount to the

then prevailing market price, amount of issue, discount to issue price

to a class of bond/ debenture holders, listing, issuing any declaration/

undertaking etc. required to be included in the Private Placement Offer: Letter and to do and execute all such acts, deeds and things under any

other regulatory requirement for the time being in force.

All documents related to this business proposal shall be available for

inspection through electronic mode, from date of circulation of this Notice

upto the date of AGM.

The

letter

dated July 11, 2023.

He is entitled to receive sitting

fee in connection with the Board

or Committee meetings of REC

attended by him, as decided by the

Board from time to time. Further,

payment / reimbursement towards

air tickets, hotel accommodation,

hiring of vehicle, out-of-pocket

expenses, local conveyance etc. in

respect of him attending such Board

or Committee meetings, would be

borne by REC.

Shareholding

in the

Company

including as

a beneficial

owner

Not Applicable

Not Applicable

Not Applicable

Number

of Board

meetings

attended

during the FY

2022-23

8 out of 8 Board meeting attended during

his tenure starting from July 15, 2022.

2 out of 2 Board meetings attended

during his tenure starting March 6,

2023.

Not Applicable as appointed during

FY 2023-24

Number of

Committee

meetings

attended

during the FY

2022-23

11 out of 11 Committee meeting attended

during his tenure starting from July 15,

2022.

Not Applicable

Not Applicable

Directorship

held in other

companies /

listed entities

REC Power Development and Consultancy

Limited

Not Applicable

• Power

Finance

Corporation

Limited

• PFC Projects Limited

• Jharkhand Infrapower Limited

• PFC Consulting Limited

• Bihar Mega Power Limited

• Deoghar Mega Power Limited

Details of listed

entities from

which resigned

in the past

three years

Not Applicable

Not Applicable

Not Applicable

Membership/

Chairmanship

of Committee

across all public

companies

other than REC

REC Power Development and Consultancy

Limited

• CSR Committee (Member)

Not Applicable

Power Finance Corporation Limited

• Risk Management Committee

(Member)

• Corporate Social Responsibility

Committee (Member)

• HR Committee (Member)

• Investment

Committee

of

Director (Member)

Relationship

with Directors

& KMP inter-se

No inter-se relationship with any other

Director or KMP of the Company

No inter-se relationship with any

other Director or KMP of the

Company

No inter-se relationship with any

other Director or KMP of the

Company

Annexure to Notice

Instructions for members for remote e-voting, attending the 54th AGM through VC/OAVM and electronic voting during the AGM

A. Instructions for remote e-voting system prior to the 54th AGM

The remote e-voting period begins on Sunday, September 3, 2023 (0900 hours) and ends on Tuesday, September 5, 2023 (1700 hours).

The remote e-voting module shall be disabled by NSDL for voting thereafter. The members, whose names appear in the Register of

Members/Beneficial Owners as on the record date (cut-off) date i.e. August 30, 2023, may cast their vote electronically. The voting right of

shareholders shall be in proportion to their shareholding as on the said cut-off date.

In order to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system, a two-step process needs to be followed as detailed under:

Step 1: Access to NSDL e-voting system

A) Login method for e-voting and joining virtual meeting for individuals holding shares in demat mode:-

In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-voting facility provided by listed entities, individual shareholders holding shares in

demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories / Depository Participants. Shareholders are

advised to update their mobile number and email address correctly in their demat accounts in order to access the e-voting facility.

(i) Login method for individuals holding shares in demat mode is given below:

Type of Shareholders

Login Method

Individual

shareholders

holding

securities

in

demat mode with NSDL

1.

Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL viz. https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a personal

computer or on a mobile. On the e-Services home page click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login”

which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section, this will prompt you to enter your existing User ID and Password. After

successful authentication, you will be able to see e-voting services under Value Added Services. Click on “Access to

e-voting” under e-voting services and you will be able to see e-voting page. Click on the company name i.e., REC

Limited or e-voting service provider i.e., NSDL and you will be re-directed to e-voting website of NSDL for casting

your vote during the remote e-voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.

2.

If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at https://eservices.nsdl.com. Select

“Register Online for IDeAS Portal” or click at https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp.

3.

Visit the e-voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on

a personal computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login”

which is available under ‘Shareholder / Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User

ID (i.e., your 16-digit demat account number held with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on

the screen. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL depository site, wherein you can see

e-voting page. Click on company name i.e., REC Limited or e-voting service provider i.e., NSDL and you will be

redirected to e-voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-voting period or joining virtual

meeting & voting during the meeting.

4.

Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “NSDL Speede” facility by scanning the QR code

mentioned below for seamless voting experience.

Individual

shareholders

holding

securities

in

demat mode with CDSL

1.

Existing users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest, can login through their User ID and Password. Option will

be made available to reach e-voting page without any further authentication. The users to login Easi /Easiest are

requested to visit CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & New System Myeasi Tab and then

user your existing my easi username & password.

2.

After successful login of Easi/Easiest, the user will also be able to see the e-Voting option for eligible companies where

e-voting is in progress as per the information provided by company. On clicking the evoting option, the user will be

able to see e-Voting page of the e-Voting service provider for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or

joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. Additionally, there is also links provided to access the system of

all e-Voting Service Providers, so that the user can visit the e-Voting service providers’ website directly.

3.

If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and

click on login & New System Myeasi Tab and then click on registration option.

4.

Alternatively, the user can directly access e-voting page by providing demat account number and PAN from a link

https://www.cdslindia.com available on home page. The system will authenticate the user by sending OTP on

registered mobile and email, as recorded in the demat account. After successful authentication, user will be provided

link for the respective ESP (E-voting Service Provider) i.e. NSDL where the e-voting is in progress.

Individual

Shareholders

(holding

securities

in

demat

mode)

login

through their depository

participants

You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your Depository Participant registered with

NSDL/CDSL for e-voting facility. Upon logging in, please see if e-voting option is available. Click on the e-voting option,

you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL site after successful authentication, wherein you can see e-voting feature. Click on

company name i.e., REC Limited or e-voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-voting website of

NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.

Note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID / Password are advised to use “Forgot User ID” or “Forgot Password” option available at the above-mentioned website.:

letter to the Scrutinizer through

e-mail at hemantsinghcs@gmail.com with a copy marked to

evoting@nsdl.co.in.

2.

The procedure for e-voting on the day of the AGM is same as

the instructions mentioned above for remote e-voting.

3.

Only those members/shareholders, who will be present in

the AGM through VC/OAVM facility and have not cast their

vote on the resolutions through remote e-voting and are

otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote

through electronic voting system during the AGM.

4.

Members who have voted through Remote e-voting will be

eligible to attend the AGM. However, they will not be eligible

to vote during the AGM.

5.

The details of the person who may be contacted for any

grievances connected with the facility for e-voting on the day

of the AGM shall be the same persons, as mentioned above

for Remote e-voting.

D.

Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not

registered with the depositories for procuring user id and

password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting for

the resolutions set out in this notice:

1.

In case shares are held in physical mode please provide

Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the share

certificate (front and back), PAN (self- attested scanned copy

of PAN card), AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhar

Card) by email to complianceofficer@recl.in.

2.

In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-

CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary ID), Name,

client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement,

PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-

attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to complianceofficer@

recl.in. If you are an Individual shareholders holding securities

in demat mode, you are requested to refer to the login

method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-Voting

and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders

holding securities in demat mode.

3.

Alternatively, shareholder/members may send a request to

evoting@nsdl.co.in for procuring user id and password for

e-voting by providing above mentioned documents.

4.

In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting

facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders

holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote

through their demat account maintained with Depositories

and Depository Participants. Shareholders are required to

update their mobile number and email ID correctly in their

demat account in order to access e-Voting facility.

General Guidelines for shareholders

Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are

required to send scanned copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board

Resolution/ Authority: letter etc. with attested specimen signature

of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to

the Scrutinizer by e-mail to hemantsinghcs@gmail.com with a copy

marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other

than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board Resolution

/ Power of Attorney / Authority Letter etc. by clicking on “Upload Board

Resolution / Authority Letter” displayed under “e-Voting” tab in their

login.

It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other

person and take utmost care to keep your password confidential.

Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful

attempts to key in the correct password. In such an event, you will

need to go through the “Forgot User Details/Password” or “Physical

User Reset Password” option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to

reset the password.

In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions

(FAQs) for shareholders and e-Voting user manual for shareholders

available at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or

call on.: 022 - 4886 7000 and 022 - 2499 7000 or send a request at

evoting@nsdl.co.in or contact Shri Amit Vishal, Senior Manager or

Ms. Pallavi Mhatre, Manager, National Securities Depository Limited,

Trade World, ‘A’ Wing, 4th Floor, Kamala Mills Compound, Senapati

Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai – 400013, at the designated email

IDs: evoting@nsdl.co.in or amitv@nsdl.co.in or pallavid@nsdl.co.in.

Members may also write to the Company Secretary at the Company’s

email address at complianceofficer@recl.in.

letter and spirit in a time-bound and

sustainable manner, the Company has appointed Chief

Compliance Officer (CCO).

(iii) Liquidity Risk: Liquidity risk primarily arises due to the

maturity mismatch associated with assets and liabilities

of the Company. It is the risk of potential inability to meet

liabilities as they become due. Liquidity risk involves

the inability of the Company to fund increase in assets,

manage unplanned changes in funding sources and to

meet obligations when required. The Company faces

liquidity risks, which could require it to raise funds or

liquidate assets on unfavourable terms.

In order to mitigate the liquidity risk, there is a mix

of strategies including forward looking resource

mobilization based on project disbursements and

maturing obligations.

(iv) Market Risk: Market risk of the Company is defined as the

risk to Company’s earnings and capital due to changes in

the market dynamics, such as interest rate or prices of

securities, foreign exchange fluctuations.

The Company has implemented various risk limits

to mitigate the market risk. The Company has also

constituted an Asset Liability Management Committee

(ALCO) to monitor the components of market risk

including interest rate risk, liquidity risk and forex risk.

(v) Interest Rate Risk: Interest rate risk is the potential loss

arising from fluctuations in market interest rates.

In order to mitigate the interest rate risk, your Company

periodically reviews its lending rates and the weighted

average cost of borrowing based on prevailing market

rates.

(vi) Forex Risk: Foreign currency exchange risk involves

exchange rate movements among currencies that

may adversely impact the value of foreign currency-

denominated assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet

arrangements.

The Company manages foreign currency risk associated

with exchange rate and interest rate through appropriate

hedging strategies.

(vii) Environmental, Social & Governance (ESG) Risks: ESG

risks emanates from environmental, social and governance

factors that have an impact on the operations, financial

performance and management of company. Owing to

the rising climate concerns & impetus of governments

in respective economies across the globe, ESG risks have

attained great significance.

REC incorporates environmental impact considerations

in its operational, financial and risk management linked

decision making. In this regard, company has formulated

& implemented an ESG policy covering the focus areas.

11.1

Risk Management Committee

The Company is having a Risk Management Committee

(RMC) of its Directors in place, for monitoring the integrated

risks of the Company. The Committee comprises of Chairman

&: Managing

Managing Director (CMD), Director (Finance), Director

(Projects) and Company Secretary as Key Managerial

Personnel (KMPs) of the Company.

Being a Government Company, the role of CEO is being

performed by CMD and the role of CFO is performed by

Director (Finance) of the Company.

Particulars of Directors & KMP and changes made during and

after the year are brought out below:

24.1

CMD and Whole-time Directors



Pursuant to a communication dated May 13, 2022 issued

by the Appointments Committee of the Cabinet (ACC)

read with subsequent order issued by the Ministry of

Power, Shri Vivek Kumar Dewangan, IAS (DIN 01377212)

was appointed as the CMD of the Company, in the rank

and pay of Additional Secretary to the Government of

India, with effect from May 17, 2022.



Due to the appointment of Shri Sudhir Kumar Gangadhar

Rahate, IAS (DIN 05254178) as Secretary, Department

of Justice, Ministry of Law & Justice, he ceased to be a

CMD of the Company with effect from May 10, 2022.

Accordingly, the MoP vide its order dated May 10, 2022,

had assigned the additional charge of CMD-REC to Shri

Ravinder Singh Dhillon (DIN: 00278074), the CMD of

Power Finance Corporation Limited, for a period of three

months or until further orders. Shri Dhillon handled the

additional responsibility of CMD-REC during May 10 to

16, 2022, i.e., till the appointment of regular incumbent

namely Shri Vivek Kumar Dewangan.



Further, vide order dated July 15, 2022, MoP had

conveyed approval of ex post facto entrustment of the

additional charge of Director (Technical) to Shri Ajoy

Choudhury, Director (Finance), for the period February

1, 2022 till the date of joining of regular incumbent i.e.,

July 14, 2022.



Pursuant to order dated July 15, 2022, the MoP has

appointed Shri Vijay Kumar Singh (DIN 02772733),

who was earlier serving as Executive Director in the

Company, as Director (Technical) of REC in the scale of

pay of ₹1,80,000- 3,40,000 (IDA), with effect from the

date of his assumption of charge of the post till the date

of his superannuation i.e., June 30, 2025 or until further

orders, whichever is earlier. Shri V.K. Singh assumed the

charge of Director (Technical) w.e.f. July 15, 2022. Further,

MoP vide its: letter dated August 10, 2023, rechristened

the existing post of

Managing Director

(DIN: 01377212)

35.3

Management’s comments on the Auditors’ Report(s)

The management’s reply to the observations of the Secretarial Auditors is as under:

Observation of Secretarial Auditors

Management’s Reply

The Company was not in compliance with the Regulation

17 (1) of the SEBI (LODR), in respect of the appointment of

requisite number of Independent Directors, as the Board

had a total of four Independent Directors against the

requirement of five Independent Directors as on March 31,

2023.

REC is a Government Company and as per the provisions

of Article 91 of Articles of Association of the Company,

the power to appoint Directors on the Board of the

Company vests with the President of India, acting through

the Administrative Ministry, i.e. the Ministry of Power,

Government of India and the Company has no role in the

appointment of Directors on its Board.

The Company has been requesting & following up with the

Ministry of Power, Government of India, for appointment of

requisite number of Independent Director on its Board.

Further, MoP has also requested Department of Public

Enterprises, Government of India, to expedite appointment

of one more Independent Director on the Board of REC.

The Company will be in due compliance with the applicable

provisions of SEBI (LODR) 2015, on appointment of one more

Independent Director by the Ministry of Power, Government

of India, on the Board of REC Limited.

36.

COMMENTS OF C&AG OF INDIA

The Comptroller & Auditor General (C&AG) of India, vide: letter(s) dated July 31, 2023 have given ‘NIL’ comments on the

Audited Financial Statements of the Company for the financial

year ended March 31, 2023 under Section 143(6)(a) of the

Companies Act, 2013.

The comments of C&AG for the financial year 2022-23 have

been placed along with the report of Statutory Auditors of the

Company in this Annual Report.

37.

DEBENTURE TRUSTEES

In compliance with SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015, a list containing the

details of Debenture Trustees appointed by the Company for

different series of its bonds / debentures issued from time to

time, is annexed to this Report.

38.

STATUTORY DISCLOSURES

a) There was no change in the nature of business of the

Company during the financial year 2022-23. However,

the Memorandum of Association of the Company has

been amended by way of a Special Resolution passed

on October 27, 2022 by the Shareholders through Postal

Ballot of the Company. The amendment was done with a

view to, inter-alia, enable the Company to lend to logistics

and infrastructure sectors to the extent permitted by the

Government of India.

b) The Company has not accepted any public deposits

during the financial year 2022-23 and the Board of

Managing Director

(DIN: 01377212)

Place : Gurugram

Date : August 11, 2023:

letter and

spirit. The Company’s systems, policies and frameworks are regularly

reviewed and upgraded to meet the challenges of a dynamic

business environment.

The Corporate Governance framework at REC is based on the

following guiding principles:



Compliance of law, rules and regulations in true: letter and

spirit;



Appropriate systems and practices to protect, promote and

safeguard the interests of all its stakeholders; and



Establishing a climate of trust and confidence among various

stakeholders by means of transparent and timely disclosure

of all material information.

The above principles help in achieving the following objectives:

•

To protect and enhance shareholder value;

•

To protect the interest of all other stakeholders such as

customers, employees and society at large;

REC was conferred ‘Golden Peacock Award 2022’ for excellence in Corporate Governance

•

To ensure transparency and integrity in communication and

to make available full, accurate and clear information to all

concerned;

•

To ensure accountability for performance and customer

service and to achieve excellence at all levels; and

•

To provide corporate leadership of the highest standard for

others to emulate.

As a Non-Banking Financial Company (NBFC), the Company has

established its own “Internal Guidelines on Corporate Governance”

in accordance with the norms set by the Reserve Bank of India

(RBI). These guidelines codify the Company’s approach to corporate

governance, outlining its philosophy, structure, and framework. The

Internal Guidelines on Corporate Governance can be accessed at

https://recindia.nic.in/uploads/files/Final---Internal-Guidelines-on-

Corporate-Governance.pdf.

2.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

As per the Articles of Association of REC, the number of Directors on the

Board of the Company shall not be less than 3 (Three) and not be more

than 15 (Fifteen). As on March 31, 2023, the Board of Directors of REC

comprised of 9 (Nine) Directors, including the

Managing Director (CMD)

of Power Finance Corporation Limited, to look after the work of

CMD, REC Limited w.e.f. May 10, 2022 (F/N), in addition to his

the then current post responsibilities for three months or until

further orders, whichever is earlier. Accordingly, Shri Sudhir

Kumar Gangadhar Rahate (DIN: 05254178) ceased to be CMD

of the Company w.e.f. May 10, 2022.

2.

Further, in terms of communication dated May 13, 2022 of

Appointment Committee of the Cabinet (ACC), Ministry of

Personnel Public Grievances and Pensions, Department of

Personnel and Training (DoPT), Government of India read with

MoP Order dated May 18, 2022 and with resolution passed by

the Board, Shri Vivek Kumar Dewangan (DIN: 01377212) had

assumed the charge of CMD of REC w.e.f. May 17, 2022.

3.

Pursuant to MoP Order dated July 15, 2022 read with

resolution passed by the Board, Shri Vijay Kumar Singh (DIN:

02772733) was appointed as Director (Technical) on the Board

of REC Limited with effect from July 15, 2022 till the date of

his superannuation i.e., June 30, 2025, or until further orders,

whichever is earlier. Further, vide order dated July 15, 2022,

MoP had conveyed approval of ex post facto entrustment of

the additional charge towards the post of Director (Technical)

to Shri Ajoy Choudhury, Director (Finance), from February 1,

2022 till a regular incumbent was appointed i.e., July 15, 2022.

Further, MoP vide its: letter dated August 10, 2023, rechristened

of the existing post of

letter dated August 10, 2023, rechristened the existing post of Director (Technical) of the Company as Director (Projects).

(v)

Retirement by rotation at the ensuing 54th AGM

In accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013

and Article 91 (iv) of the Articles of Association of the Company,

Shri Vijay Kumar Singh, (DIN: 02772733), Director (Projects)

shall retire by rotation at the ensuing 54th AGM of the Company

and being eligible, offers himself for re-appointment. The

brief resume of Shri Vijay Kumar Singh, including his expertise

in various functional areas and other relevant information, is

appearing in the Notice of the 54th AGM forming part of this

Annual Report.

(vi)

Resume of Directors

Brief

resume

of

directors

seeking

appointment

or

reappointment at the Annual General Meeting is appended

to the Notice calling the Annual General Meeting.

(vii)

Inter-se relationship between Directors

There is no inter-se relationship between the Directors of the

Company.

(viii)

Share and convertible instruments held by Non-Executive

Directors

As on March 31, 2023, none of the Non-Executive Directors

held any shares or convertible instruments in the Company.

(ix)

Information related to Independent Directors

The tenure of Independent Directors appointed during the

year was compliant with the regulations outlined in the

Companies Act, 2013. During the financial year 2022-23, none

of the Independent Directors resigned.

All Independent Directors of REC are registered in the

database for Independent Directors maintained by the

Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs. Further, all Independent

Directors have submitted the requisite declaration(s), that

they meet the criteria of independence specified under

Section 149(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation

16(1)(b) of SEBI LODR Regulations.

In view of the Board, the Independent Directors of the

Company have strong moral character and the necessary

skills and experience to make valuable contributions to the

company, and to be free from any ties or connections to the

management.

(x)

Separate meeting of Independent Directors

In accordance with the provisions of SEBI LODR Regulations

and the Companies Act, 2013, a separate meeting of the

Independent Directors of REC was held on December 31,

2022, which was attended by all the then Independent

Directors of the Company.

(xi)

Key skills, expertise, competencies and attributes of the

Board

The Board of Directors at REC is comprised of highly qualified

individuals who possess the necessary skills, expertise, and

competence to effectively manage the company and make

valuable contributions to the Board and its committees. The

Board members are dedicated to ensure that REC adheres to

the highest standards of corporate governance. In light of the

complexities of REC’s business and the broader power sector,

the Board has identified key skills, expertise, competencies,

and attributes that are critical for its effective functioning::

Managing Director

Chairperson

w.e.f. 05-Dec-22

N.A.

2

2

100

2

Dr. Gambheer Singh

Independent Director

Chairperson

upto 04-Dec-22

Member

till 29-Dec-22

N.A.

2

2

100

3

Dr. Manoj Manohar Pande

Independent Director

Member

3

3

100

4

Shri Ajoy Choudhury

Director (Finance)

Member

3

3

100

5

Shri V. K. Singh

Director (Technical)

Member

w.e.f. 15-Jul-22

N.A.

2

2

100

Present in person

Present through video conferencing

N.A.

Not Applicable

The Company has appointed a Chief Risk Officer (CRO) as

prescribed by RBI. The CRO also acts as the convener to RMC.

The quorum for meetings of Risk Management Committee is

three members, including the Chairperson of the Committee.

Further, Executive Director (Finance-Resources), Executive

Director (Private Sector Project Management), Executive

Director (State Operations) and Executive Director (Asset

Liability Management) Division are standing invitees to the

meetings of the Risk Management Committee.

3.5

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

As per the provisions of Section 135 of the Companies Act,

2013 and Rules made thereunder and Guidelines on Corporate

Social Responsibility for Central Public Sector Enterprises

(CPSEs) issued by the Department of Public Enterprises, the

Board of Directors of the Company has constituted a ‘Corporate

Social Responsibility Committee’ (CSR Committee), the terms

of reference of which are as under:

a) To formulate and recommend to the Board, a Corporate

Social Responsibility Policy which shall indicate the

activities to be undertaken by the Company as specified

in Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013;

b) To monitor the Corporate Social Responsibility Policy of

the Company from time to time;

c) To recommend the amount of expenditure to be incurred

on the activities referred to in clause (a);

d) To recommend / review CSR projects / programs /

proposals, falling within the purview of Schedule VII of

the Companies Act, 2013;

e) To institute a transparent monitoring mechanism for

implementation of the CSR projects / programmes /

activities undertaken by the Company;

f) To assist the Board of Directors to formulate strategies on

CSR initiatives of the Company;

g) To approve the content of annual report on CSR activities

as per performa given in the Rules, inter-alia covering

responsibility statement that the implementation and

monitoring of CSR Policy, is in compliance with CSR

objectives and Policy of the Company;

h) To periodically submit the reports to the Board of

Directors for their information, consideration and

necessary directions; and

i)

To comply with the other requirements on Corporate

Social Responsibility Policy, as amended from time to time.

During the year under review, the CSR Committee met 10

(ten) times. The composition of CSR Committee as on March

31, 2023 and details of attendance at its meetings held during

the year, were as under:

Sl.

no.

Name of the Director

Position in the

Committee

Date of meeting and attendance thereat

Total number of meetings

27-

Apr-

22

13-

May-

22

4-

Aug-

22

15-

Sep-

22

26-

Oct-

22

5 -

Dec

- 22

30-

Dec-

22

30-

Jan-

23

9-

Mar-

23

28-

Mar-

23

Held

during

tenure

Attend-

ed by

Director

% of

atten-

dance

1

Dr. Manoj Manohar Pande

Independent Director

Chairperson

10

10

100

2

Dr. Gambheer Singh

Independent Director

Member

upto 29-Dec-2022

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

7

7

100

3

Shri Ajoy Choudhury

Director (Finance)

Member

10

10

100

4

Shri Vijay Kumar Singh

Director (Technical)

Member

w.e.f. 15-July-2022

N.A.

N.A.

8

8

100

Present in person

Present through video conferencing

N.A.

Not Applicable

The quorum for meetings of CSR Committee is two members,

including the Chairperson of the Committee. The Company Secretary

acts as the Secretary to the Committee. The Corporate Social

Responsibility & Sustainability Policy of the Company is available at

https://recindia.nic.in/uploads/files/REC-CSR-Policy-07-12-2021.pdf.

3.6

Committee for Investment / Deployment of Surplus Funds

The Committee for Investment / Deployment of Surplus

Funds has been constituted for the purpose of approving

investment / deployment of short-term surplus funds of

₹1,000 crore and above in single instance in Certificate of

Deposits or ₹2,000 crore and above in Mutual Funds and Fixed

Deposits at any time. The Committee comprises of the CMD

as Chairperson; and Director (Finance) and Director (Projects)

as members. The quorum for meetings of the said Committee

is two members, including CMD. However, no meeting of the

said Committee was held during the financial year 2022-23.

3.7

Asset Liability Management Committee (ALCO)

In pursuance to RBI guidelines on Asset Liability Management

(ALM) system for NBFCs, the Company has constituted

an Asset Liability Management Committee (ALCO). The

ALCO monitors risks related to liquidity, interest rates and

currency rates with the help of ALM support group, which

provides various reports on liquidity gap analysis, interest

rate sensitivity analysis and foreign currency movements

etc. ALCO meets every quarter to review the position of

above risks. ALCO is headed by the CMD, with members

including Director (Finance), Director (Projects) and

Executive Directors (EDs) or Chief General Managers (CGMs)

from the finance and operating divisions of the Company.

During the year under review, the ALCO met 4 (four) times.

The composition of ALCO as on March 31, 2023 and details of

attendance at its meetings held during the year, were as under::

Managing Director

Chairperson

w.e.f. 17-May-2022

4

4

100

2

Shri Ajoy Choudhury

Director (Finance)

Member

4

4

100

3

Shri Vijay Kumar Singh

Director (Technical)

Member

w.e.f. 15-July-2022

N.A.

3

3

100

4

ED (Resources)

Member

4

4

100

5

ED / CGM

(PSPM / State Operations)

Member

4

4

100

6

ED / CGM (ALM)

Member

4

4

100

Present in person

N.A.

Not Applicable

The quorum for meetings of ALCO is three members, including

CMD and the Director (Finance). The ED/CGM (ALM) acts as

the convener of ALCO. Other senior officials of the Company

are also invited to meetings of ALCO, as per requirement.

The CMD may authorize a Whole-time Director to chair the

meeting of ALCO in his absence. The CMD may also authorize

a backup executive for each of the members and convener of

ALCO, in case of need.

3.8

IT Strategy Committee

In compliance of RBI’s Master Directions for NBFCs, the

Board of Directors has constituted an IT Strategy Committee

(ITSC). The ITSC comprises of an Independent Director as

the Chairperson; and Chief Information Officer (CIO), Chief

Technology Officer (CTO)/ISMS Officer and one external

Technical Expert as its members. The role of ITSC includes

monitoring the methods to determine the IT resources

needed to achieve strategic goals and to provide high-level

direction for sourcing and use of IT resources & approving IT

strategy and policy documents.

During the year under review, the ITSC met 1 (one) time.

The composition of ITSC as on March 31, 2023 and details of

attendance at its meetings held during the year, were as under:

Sl.

no.

Name / Designation of

the Director / Member

Position in the

Committee

Date of meeting and

attendance thereat

Total number of meetings

16-Sep-2022

Held during

tenure of

Member

Attended by

the Member

% of

attendance

1

Shri Narayanan Thirupathy

Independent Director

Chairperson

w.e.f. 9-Mar-2023

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

N.A.

2

Dr. Gambheer Singh

Independent Director

Chairperson

upto 8-Mar-2023

Member

w.e.f. 9-Mar-2023

1

1

100

3

Executive Director (IT) (CIO)

Member

1

1

100

4

HOD (IT)/ISMS Officer/CTO

Member

1

1

100

5

External Technical Expert

Member

1

1

100

Present in person

N.A.

Not Applicable

3.9

Sub-committee to ensure compliance of GoI directives on

‘Make in India’

The Board of REC has constituted Sub-committee to ensure

compliance of GoI directives on ‘Make in India’, comprising

of the Government Nominee Director as Chairperson and

Director (Finance) and Nominee Director of PFC as its members,

to inter-alia, scrutiny/review the tender notices, as and when

being floated by REC or its subsidiaries, valuing ₹250 crore or

above. Further, one (1) meeting of the said Sub-committee was

held on September 8, 2022 during the financial year 2022-23.

4.

OTHER COMMITTEES

In addition to the abovementioned Committees, the Board of

Directors has also constituted some additional Committees to

look into specific matters, details of which are as follow:

4.1

Perpetual Debt Instrument Committee

In line with the Board-approved “Perpetual Debt Instrument

Policy”, the Company has raised Perpetual Debt Instruments to

the tune of ₹558.40 crore in January, 2021, which are unsecured,

subordinated, non-convertible instruments. In compliance

of the said policy, a Committee comprising of CMD, Director

(Finance) and Director (Projects) has been constituted, to decide

upon the payment/non-payment of coupon on the Perpetual

Debt Instruments after taking into account different factors. The

quorum for meetings of the Committee is at least two members.

During the financial year 2022-23, one (1) meeting of the

Perpetual Debt Instrument Committee was held on December

6, 2022, which was attended by CMD, Director (Finance) and

Director (Technical).

4.2

Share Transfer Committee

The Share Transfer Committee considers requests for

transmission, transposition, splitting and consolidation of shares

exceeding 500 equity shares per individual in each case under

the physical segment and for issue of duplicate share certificates.

As on March 31, 2023, the Share Transfer Committee comprised

of senior officials of the Company, namely, Shri J.S. Amitabh

(Executive Director & Company Secretary) and Shri Daljeet Singh

Khatri (Executive Director - Finance), as members. However, no

meeting of the said Committee was held during the financial

year 2022-23.

4.3

Bonus Issue Committee

The Board in its meeting held on June 30, 2022 had constituted a

Bonus Issue Committee for deciding/approving the allotment of

bonus shares and deal with related matters thereto. The Bonus

shares were allotted to shareholders on August 20, 2022 and

admitted for trading on stock exchanges on August 26, 2022.

During the year under review, the Bonus Committee met 1

(one) time. The composition of Bonus Committee and details of

attendance at its meetings held during the year, were as under:

Sl.

no.

Name / Designation of the

Director / Member

Position in the

Committee

Date of meeting and

attendance thereat

Total number of meetings

20-Aug-2022

Held during

tenure of

Member

Attended by

the Member

% of

attendance

1

Shri Vivek Kumar Dewangan

Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director of the Company regarding

compliance of said Code is as under::

Managing Director

DIN: 01377212

13.

CODE OF CONDUCT FOR REGULATING, MONITORING AND

REPORTING TRADING BY DESIGNATED PERSONS AND

THEIR IMMEDIATE RELATIVES AND FOR FAIR DISCLOSURE

The Company has a “Code of Conduct for Regulating,

Monitoring and Reporting Trading by Designated Persons

and their Immediate Relatives and for Fair Disclosure”, framed

with an aim that the Designated Persons and their immediate

relatives, as defined in the said Code, do not derive any

benefit or assist others to derive any benefit from the access

to and possession of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information

(UPSI) about the Company which is not in the public domain

and thus constitutes insider information. The Company

Secretary has been appointed as the Compliance Officer of

the Company; and is responsible for adherence of the said

Code. The said Code is available at https://recindia.nic.in/

uploads/files/cs-revised-insider-trading-code-submitted-to-

stock-exchanges-dt070619.pdf.

The said Code sets up policies and procedures which aims to

prevent leakage of UPSI and to institute adequate mechanism

of Internal Controls to preserve confidentiality of the sensitive

information. Further, it also prescribes the practices, procedures

and norms to be followed for fair disclosure of UPSI and to

prescribe legitimate purposes, subject to which the UPSI can

be shared with any stakeholders or business partner of REC. The

Code lays down the procedures to be followed and disclosures

to be made while dealing in the equity shares/securities of the

Company and the consequences of non-compliance.

In line with the requirement of the said Code, whenever some

UPSI is submitted to the Board for consideration and approval

including consideration of quarterly results, the trading

window is closed and notice of such closure of trading window

is issued to the designated persons and concerned persons

well in advance. Further, proper announcements are also made

on the website of the Company as well as to Stock Exchanges

where the shares of the Company are listed, restraining them

and their dependent family members from dealing in listed

securities of the Company, when the trading window is closed.

14.

POLICY FOR PREVENTION OF FRAUD

The Company has framed a “Policy for Prevention of

Fraud”, to inter-alia provide a system for detection

and prevention of fraud, reporting of any fraud that

is detected or suspected and fair dealing of matters

pertaining to fraud. The said policy is available at

https://recindia.nic.in/uploads/files/Revised-Fraud-Prevention-

Policy-310122.pdf.

The Policy covers the following:

i.

To ensure that management is aware of its

responsibilities for detection and prevention of fraud

and for establishing procedures for preventing fraud

and/or detecting fraud when it occurs.

ii.

To provide a clear guidance to employees and others

dealing with REC forbidding them from involvement

in any fraudulent activity and the action to be taken

by them where they suspect any fraudulent activity.

iii.

To provide timeline and details to Nodal Officer for

reporting fraud once detected or suspected.

iv.

To conduct investigations into fraudulent activities.

v.

To provide assurances that any and all suspected

fraudulent activity(ies) will be fully investigated.

vi.

Fraud in any form against REC will not be tolerated.

15.

WHISTLE BLOWER POLICY

The Company has in place a “Whistle Blower Policy”, in

compliance of the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013,

SEBI LODR Regulations and DPE Guidelines on Corporate

Governance. The Whistle Blower Policy enables the Directors

/ employees of REC and/or its subsidiaries to raise concerns

regarding any alleged malpractice or wrong doing, which

could affect the business or reputation of the Company. The

manner and competent authority for making complaint is

prescribed under the Policy. The policy is available at https://

www.recindia.nic.in/uploads/files/Whistle_Blower_Policy.pdf.

Pursuant to the Whistle Blower Policy, no complaint was

received during the year under review. Further, a declaration

by the CMD that no person has been denied access to the

Competent Authority under the said policy during the

financial year 2022-23 and that necessary system has been

put in place to provide protection to the complainant,

wherever required, is as under:

Annual Affirmation in terms of Whistle Blower Policy of the Company

During the financial year 2022-23, no person has been denied access to the Competent Authority and necessary system has been

put in place, to provide protection to the complainant, wherever required.

Sd/-

Place : Gurugram

Vivek Kumar Dewangan

Date : April 15, 2023

Chairman &: Managing Director

DIN: 01377212

In addition to the above, REC has also adopted Whistle Blower

Policy (PIDPI Resolution) issued by the Central Vigilance

Commission vide Office Order dated May 17, 2004; and the

same is incorporated in the “Vigilance Hand Book” of the

Company.

16.

TOTAL FEES PAID TO AUDITORS

Details of the total fees for all services paid by REC and its

subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, to the Statutory Auditors

of REC and all entities in the network firm / network entity of

which the Statutory Auditors are a part, are as follows:

(₹ in crore)

Sl.

no.

Particulars

FY 2022-23

FY 2021-22

A.

Fee paid to Statutory Auditor:

(i)

As Auditor

0.58

0.58

(ii)

For Taxation matters

0.15

0.15

(iii)

For Company law matters/

limited review fees

0.35

0.33

(iv)

For other services

0.25

0.32

(v)

For reimbursement of expenses

0.11

0.03

Sub-total

1.44

1.41

B.

Non-recoverable tax credit

in respect of fees paid to

auditors

0.11

0.12

Total - Auditors fees and

Expenses

1.55

1.53

17.

MEANS OF COMMUNICATION

The Company recognizes that timely communication of

relevant information with all stakeholders, is a key element of

its overall Corporate Governance framework. The Company

communicates with its shareholders, bondholders and other

stakeholders through various means including through its

website, filings made on stock exchanges, ads published in the

media, social media updates and publication of annual reports.

The Company also communicates with its institutional investors

through associate meets and press releases from time to time.

Latest updates and relevant corporate disclosures made

to the Stock Exchanges from time to time, quarterly and

annual

financial

results,

shareholding

pattern,

annual

reports and other relevant information, including official

news releases and result presentations made to institutional

investors or analysts, are available on REC’s website i.e.,

https://recindia.nic.in/disclosures-under-regulation-46-of-sebi,

under the Investor section. Further, financial results of the

Company are published in national newspapers like Economic

Times (English & Hindi), Mint (English), Hindustan (Hindi) etc.

The Company has designated telephone numbers and

e-mail IDs for addressing the queries of its shareholders

and bondholders. Such details can be accessed at

https://recindia.nic.in/investors-contact.

18.

CEO/CFO CERTIFICATION

In terms of Regulation 17(8) of the SEBI LODR Regulations, a

Certificate on financial reporting and internal controls to the

Board, duly signed by the

letter. The entitlement: letter

will contain the information of amounts/dividend

amount and/or share transferred by the Company

to IEPF having completed 7 years. After issuance of

the entitlement letter, an online application in the

prescribed Form No. IEPF-5 available on the website

www.iepf.gov.in shall be filed and self-attested physical

copy of the form, challan, Indemnity Bond and all other

requisite documents enumerated in Form No. IEPF-5,

shall be sent in an envelope marked “Claim for refund

from IEPF Authority”, to the Company Secretary at the

Corporate Office for shares and/or dividend and to

CGM (Fin.) - Resources for interest and/or principal for

Debentures.

Claim forms complete in all aspects will be verified

and on the basis of Company’s verification report,

refund will be processed by IEPF Authority in favor

of claimants’ Aadhaar-linked bank account, through

electronic transfer and credit of shares in the demat

account. No claims shall lie against the Company in

respect of the dividends / shares so transferred to the

IEPF Authority, as per the provisions of the Companies

Act, 2013.

Nodal Officer

Pursuant to Rule 7(2A) of the IEPF Rules, as on March

31, 2023, the following persons are the Nodal Officers/

Deputy Nodal Officer of the Company in respect of

IEPF matters:

Designation

Name and Designation

Nodal Officer

Shri J. S. Amitabh

Executive

Managing Director

(DIN: 01377212)

Place : Gurugram

Date : August 11, 2023

Certificate of Non-Disqualification of Directors

[Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C clause (10)(i) of the SEBI (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015]

To,

The Members of

REC Limited

Registered Office:

Core 4, SCOPE Complex,

7, Lodi Road, New Delhi- 110003

ANNEXURE-A

We have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns

maintained by the Company and the disclosures received from the

Directors of REC Limited having CIN: L40101DL1969GOI005095

and having its registered office at Core 4, SCOPE Complex, 7, Lodi

Road, New Delhi -110003 (hereinafter referred to as ‘the Company’),

produced before us by the Company for the purpose of issuing this

Certificate, in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule

V Para-C clause 10(i) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to

the verifications [including Director Identification Number (DIN)

status at the portal www.mca.gov.in] as considered necessary and

explanations furnished to us by the Company & its officers, we hereby

certify that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company as

on March 31, 2023, have been debarred or disqualified from being

appointed or continuing as Directors of the Company by the

Securities and Exchange Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs,

or any such other Statutory Authority:

Details of the Directors of REC Limited as on March 31, 2023

Sl. no.

Name of Director

Director Identification Number (DIN)

Date of Appointment*

1.

Shri Vivek Kumar Dewangan

01377212

May 17, 2022

2.

Shri Ajoy Choudhury

06629871

June 1, 2020

3.

Shri Vijay Kumar Singh

02772733

July 15, 2022

4.

Shri Piyush Singh

07492389

September 14, 2022

5.

Smt. Parminder Chopra

08530587

February 4, 2022

6.

Dr. Gambheer Singh

02003319

November 15, 2021

7.

Dr. Manoj Manohar Pande

09388430

November 15, 2021

8.

Dr. (Smt.) Durgesh Nandini

09398540

December 30, 2021

9.

Shri Narayanan Thirupathy

10063245

March 6, 2023

*As per details verified from MCA portal.

Ensuring the eligibility for the appointment/continuity of every

Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management of the

Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the same,

based on our verification. This certificate is neither an assurance

as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs

of the Company.

For Hemant Singh & Associates

Company Secretaries

Sd/-

Hemant Kumar Singh

(Partner)

Membership No.: F6033

CP No : 6370

UDIN: F006033E000392496

Date : 26-05-2023

Place : New Delhi:

Managing Director

DIN: 06629871

DIN: 01377212

Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report

SECTION A: GENERAL DISCLOSURES

I.

Details of the listed entity

1.

Corporate Identity Number (CIN) of the Listed Entity

L40101DL1969GOI005095

2.

Name of the Listed Entity

REC Limited

3.

Year of incorporation

1969

4.

Registered office address

Core 4, SCOPE Complex, 7, Lodhi Road, New Delhi-110003

5.

Corporate address

REC World Headquarters, Plot no. I-4, Sector 29, Gurugram-122001

6.

E-mail

complianceofficer@recl.in

7.

Telephone

+91-124-444 1300

8.

Website

www.recindia.nic.in

9.

Financial year for which reporting is being done

FY 2022-23

10.

Name of the Stock Exchange(s) where shares are listed

National Stock Exchange of India Limited

BSE Limited

11.

Paid-up capital

₹2,633.22 crore (As on March 31, 2023)

12.

Name and contact details (telephone, email address)

of the person who may be contacted in case of any

queries on the BRSR report

Shri V.K. Singh

(DIN: 02772733)

Director (Projects)

+91-124-271 5517

dtsectt@recl.in

13.

Reporting boundary - Are the disclosures under this

report made on a standalone basis (i.e. only for the

entity) or on a consolidated basis (i.e. for the entity and

all the entities which form a part of its consolidated

financial statements, taken together).

The disclosures are made in this report on a standalone basis.

II.

Products/services

14.

Details of business activities (accounting for 90% of the turnover):

Sl. no.

Description of main activity

Description of business

activity

% of turnover of the entity

1.

Financial and Insurance Service

Financial and Credit leasing

activities

99.89%

15.

Products/Services sold by the entity (accounting for 90% of the entity’s Turnover):

Sl. no.

Product/Service

NIC Code

% of total turnover contributed

1

Other Financial Services and Activities - Other Credit Granting

64920

99.57%

III.

Operations

16.

Number of locations where plants and/or operations/offices of the entity are situated:

Location

Number of plants

Number of offices

Total

National

-

24

24

International

-

-

-

Note: Addresses of REC offices are appearing separately in this Annual Report.

17.

Markets served by the entity

a.

Number of locations

Location

Number

National (No. of States)

28

International (No. of Countries)

0

ANNEXURE-III TO BOARD’S REPORT:

Managing Director

(DIN: 01377212)

Place : Gurugram

Date : August 11, 2023

platform for State power distribution utilities, to disseminate

power outage information to urban and rural power consumers

across India through SMS, email or push notifications.

4.

Does the entity display product information on the

product over and above what is mandated as per local

laws? (Yes/No/Not Applicable) If yes, provide details in

brief. Did your entity carry out any survey with regard

to consumer satisfaction relating to the major products /

services of the entity, significant locations of operation of

the entity or the entity as a whole? (Yes/No)

The Company is a NBFC offering financial products, hence

it is ensured that adequate disclosures of all its financial

products offered are made to its borrowers/customers

and to its investors through the corporate website at

https://recindia.nic.in/financial-products. Also during the

loan approval process we undertake declaration regarding

knowing of full details of the type of loan applied.

Being a NBFC, the Company also adheres to Fair Practices

Code mandated by RBI, which sets out the fair lending

practices to be followed with borrowers, in matters relating

to application for loans and their processing, loan sanction,

disbursement, post-disbursement supervision and grievance

redressal mechanism etc. The Fair Practices Code is available at

https://recindia.nic.in/uploads/files/Fair-Practices-Code.pdf.

The

Corporation

continuously

conducts

customer

satisfaction surveys to seek feedback from its borrowers at

various stages of the loan transaction such as at the time of

the loan application, approval, disbursement and closure.

This feedback is used to improve systems, processes and

enable better focus on training and development of staff.

REC has conducted Customer Satisfaction Survey 2022 of

its esteemed customers across the country, comprising of

Central and State Government power entities and private

players in power space, through Administrative Staff College

of India, Hyderabad. The overall Customer Satisfaction

Index (CSI) score of the survey was 80%, reposing faith and

confidence in the customer-friendly services being extended

by REC to its borrowers.

5.

Provide the following information relating to data breaches:

a. Number of instances of data breaches along-with

impact

b. Percentage of data breaches involving personally

identifiable information of customers

Such instances were Nil for the financial year 2022-23.:

Managing Director

(DIN: 01377212)

Place : Gurugram

Date : August 11, 2023:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the

management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express

an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as

were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

M/s S.K. Mittal & Co.

Chartered Accountants,

ICAI Firm Registration: 001135N

Sd/-

Name - Gaurav Mittal

Designation: Partner

Membership Number: 099387

UDIN: 23099387BGWDLQ9832

Date : August 11, 2023

Place : New Delhi

M/s O.P. Bagla & Co. LLP.

Chartered Accountants,

ICAI Firm Registration: 000018N/N500091

Sd/-

Name - Atul Aggarwal

Designation: Partner

Membership Number: 092656

UDIN: 23092656BGUFQD1300

To,

The Members,

REC Limited

New Delhi

We have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate

Governance by REC Limited (“the Company”) for the financial year

ended March 31, 2023, as stipulated in SEBI (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”)

(as amended) executed with the Stock Exchanges and Clause 8.2.1

of Guidelines on Corporate Governance for Central Public Sector

Enterprises (CPSEs), 2010 issued by the Department of Public

Enterprises (DPE), Ministry of Finance, Government of India.

The compliance of the conditions of Corporate Governance is the

responsibility of the Management. Our examination has been limited

to review of the procedures and implementation thereof, adopted

by the Company, for ensuring the compliance with the conditions

of Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of

opinion of financial statements of the Company.

Auditors’ Certificate on Corporate Governance

ANNEXURE-VI TO BOARD’S REPORT

In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to

the explanations given to us, we certify that as on March 31, 2023,

the Company was in compliance with the requirement of Corporate

Governance as stipulated in Listing Regulations and Guidelines on

Corporate Governance for CPSEs, 2010, except for the appointment

of requisite number of Independent Director on the Board. Further,

REC being a Government Company, all the Director are appointed

by the President of India, acting through administrative ministry, i.e.,

Ministry of Power and this is beyond the control of the Company.

We further state that such compliance is neither an assurance

as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the

affairs of the Company.:

letter of comfort to

Bank for necessitating issuance

of Performance Bank Guarantee

(PBG) to PFC Projects Limited

(PPL) in favour of PFC.

-

Issuance of: letter of comfort

of ₹100 crore by REC Limited

to Bank for necessitating

issuance of PBG to PFC

Projects Limited (PPL) in

favour of PFC in respect

of Resolution Plan of PFC

Projects Limited and REC

along-with DVC & SJVNL

as

Technical-cum-Equity

Partner.

PPL is a wholly owned subsidiary of Power Finance

Corporation Limited (PFC) and being lead member of the

bidding consortium, it was not possible for PFC to provide

necessary comfort to PPL due to conflict of interest.

March 9, 2023

NIL

Not required

2.

Details of material contracts or arrangements or transactions at Arm’s length basis: No material contracts or arrangements or

transactions were entered by the Company with any Related Party, during the period under review.

FORM NO. AOC -2

(Pursuant to clause (h) of sub-section (3) of section 134 of the Act and Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014.

Form for Disclosure of particulars of contracts/arrangements entered into by the company with related parties referred to in sub-section (1) of

section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 including certain arms length transaction under third proviso thereto.

1.

Details of contracts or arrangements or transactions not at Arm’s length basis.

ANNEXURE-VIII TO BOARD’S REPORT

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

Vivek Kumar Dewangan

Managing Director

(DIN: 01377212)

Place : Gurugram

Date : August 11, 2023:

Managing Director

DIN - 01377212

Accompanying Notes to Financial Statements

1 to 67

For and on behalf of the Board

In terms of our Audit Report of even date

J.S. Amitabh

ED & Company Secretary

For S.K. Mittal & Co.

Chartered Accountants

Firm Reg. No.: 001135N

S. Murthy

Partner

M.No. : 072290

Place: Mumbai

Date: 17th May 2023

For O.P. Bagla & Co. LLP.

Chartered Accountants

Firm Reg. No.: 000018N/N500091

Atul Aggarwal

Partner

M.No. : 092656

Ajoy Choudhury

Director (Finance)

DIN - 06629871

Vivek Kumar Dewangan

Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

DIN - 01377212:

Managing Director

DIN - 06629871

DIN - 01377212

(₹ in Crores):

letter vide D.O.No.

32024/17/97-PFC dated 23.09.1997 and O.M.No.32024/23/2001-PFC dated 07.03.2003 irrespective of the actual repayment schedule,

moratorium year and duration of repayment of the eligible schemes. The impact of difference between the indicative rate and year

considered at the time of drawl and the actual can be ascertained only after the end of the respective schemes.

Notes to Accounts

Net amount of ₹0.75 crores as at 31st March 2023 (₹0.73 crores as at 31st March 2022) represents the balance amount of interest subsidy

fund, which is to be passed on to the borrowers against their interest liability arising in future, under Accelerated Generation & Supply

Programme (AG&SP), which comprises of the following :-

(₹ in Crores)

Particulars

Year ended 31.03.2023

Year ended 31.03.2022

Opening Balance of Interest Subsidy Fund

0.73

0.71

Add: Interest earned during the year

0.02

0.02

Less: Interest subsidy passed on to the borrower

-

-

Closing Balance of Interest Subsidy Fund

0.75

0.73

20.3

Government of India has appointed REC Ltd. as a nodal agency for implementation of Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Gram Jyoti Yojna

(DDUGJY), Pradhan Mantri Sahaj Bijli Har Ghar Yojana (Saubhagya) and Revamped Distribution Sector Scheme (RDSS). The funds

received for disbursement to various agencies under the schemes are kept in a respective separate bank accounts. The undisbursed

funds for the schemes (including the funds received under erstwhile RGGVY Scheme) including interest earned thereto are classified

under “Undisbursed Funds to be disbursed as Subsidy/ Grant” under the head “Other Financial Liabilities”.

20.4

The movement in Interest on Subsidy/ Grant is explained as under:

(₹ in Crores)

Particulars

Year ended 31.03.2023

Year ended 31.03.2022

Opening Balance

3.95

2.63

Add: Interest earned during the year

4.21

19.82

Less: Amount refunded to Govt. during the year

(5.04)

(18.50)

Closing Balance

3.12

3.95

20.5

For meeting GOI’s funding requirement of DDUGJY Scheme, during the year, the Company has raised funds an aggregate amount of

₹ Nil (Previous year Nil) through unsecured, redeemable, non-convertible, taxable bonds in the nature of debentures of face value of

₹10 lacs at par on private placement basis. As per Ministry of Finance (MoF): letter dated 2nd December, 2020 and 3rd March, 2021, the

repayment of principal and interest of the above bonds shall be made by GoI by making suitable budget provisions in the demand of

Ministry of Power. Accordingly, the amount of such bonds along-with interest is also appearing as recoverable by the Company from

Govt. of India (Note 11).

Details of the GoI Fully Serviced Bonds raised are as follows:

(₹ in Crores)

Particulars

Coupon Rate

Interest

Frequency

Redemption

Date

As at

31.03.2023

As at

31.03.2022

GoI-I Series

8.09%

Semi-annual

3/21/2028

1,837.00

1,837.00

GoI-II Series

8.01%

Semi-annual

3/24/2028

1,410.00

1,410.00

GoI-III Series

8.06%

Semi-annual

3/27/2028

753.00

753.00

GoI-IV Series

8.70%

Semi-annual

9/28/2028

3,000.00

3,000.00

GoI-V Series

8.54%

Semi-annual

11/15/2028

3,600.00

3,600.00

GoI-VI Series

8.80%

Semi-annual

1/22/2029

2,027.00

2,027.00

GoI-VII Series

8.60%

Semi-annual

3/8/2029

1,200.00

1,200.00

GoI-VIII Series

8.30%

Semi-annual

3/25/2029

4,000.00

4,000.00

GoI- IX Series

7.14%

Semi-annual

3/2/2030

1,500.00

1,500.00

GoI- X Series

8.25%

Semi-annual

3/26/2030

532.30

532.30

GoI- XI Series

7.20%

Semi-annual

3/31/2030

1,750.00

1,750.00

GoI- XII Series

6.45%

Semi-annual

1/7/2031

1,000.00

1,000.00

GoI- XIII Series

6.63%

Semi-annual

1/28/2031

1,000.00

1,000.00

GoI- XIV Series

6.50%

Semi-annual

3/26/2031

500.00

500.00

Total

24,109.30

24,109.30

Notes to Accounts

Letter of Comfort.

36

Employee Benefits Expense

(₹ in Crores)

Particulars

Year ended 31.03.2023

Year ended 31.03.2022

- Salaries and Allowances*

136.33

115.03

- Contribution to Provident and Other Funds

8.20

18.73

- Rent towards Residential Accomodation for Employees

5.31

3.77

- Staff Welfare Expenses

31.79

22.08

Total

181.63

159.61

* includes ₹20.54 crores (previous year Nil) incurred in compliance of order of Ministry of Power regarding regularisation of earlier adopted Pay Scales 1997 in respect of

below Board Level Executives at par with other CPSEs.

Notes to Accounts

Notes to Accounts

37

Depreciation and amortization

(₹ in Crores)

Particulars

Year ended 31.03.2023

Year ended 31.03.2022

- Depreciation on Property, Plant & Equipment

21.45

15.09

- Amortization on Intangible Assets

2.64

2.87

Total

24.09

17.96

38

Corporate Social Responsibility Expenses

(₹ in Crores)

Particulars

Year ended 31.03.2023

Year ended 31.03.2022

- Direct Expenditure

197.01

165.20

- Overheads

5.64

5.47

Total

202.65

170.67

38.1

Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) has prescribed Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, amended from time to

time. These rules require that any unspent CSR amount, other than for any ongoing project, must be transferred to a Fund specified in

Schedule VII, within a period of six months of the expiry of the financial year. In case such unspent amount pertains to any ongoing project,

it must be transferred to unspent CSR Account by 30th April of the next year. However, if such amount is not utilised within three financial

years, it is required to be transferred to a Fund specified in Schedule VII, within a period of thirty days from the date of completion of the

third financial year. The Company also carries the right to set-off any amount spent in excess of the requirement under the Act within three

succeeding financial years against the amount to be spent. Further, companies undertaking impact assessment may book the expenditure

towards CSR for that financial year, which shall not exceed two percent of the total CSR expenditure or fifty lakh rupees, whichever is higher.

38.2

Details of Gross Amount required to be spent by the company:

(a)

Gross amount required to be spent by the company during the year is ₹ 202.65 crores (previous year ₹ 170.67 crores)

(b)

Amount approved by the Board to be spent during the year is ₹ 202.65 crores (previous year ₹ 170.67 crores)

(c)

Refer Note no. 53 for related party transactions related to CSR.

(d)

Amount required to be spent on CSR activities as per Section 135 (5) of the Companies Act, 2013:

(₹ in Crores)

Particulars

Year ended 31.03.2023

Year ended 31.03.2022

(A)

Opening Balance - Excess amount spent

(0.40)

(3.46)

(B)

Amount required to be spent during the year

202.65

170.67

(C)

Amount spent during the year*

209.95

167.61

(D)

Closing Balance - Excess amount spent** (A+B-C)

(7.70)

(0.40)

* Excludes amount spent on CSR activities from interest earned on temporarily parked funds by REC Foundation (implementing agency) of ₹ 0.98 crores

(previous year Nil)

** eligible to be set-off in the next three succeeding financial years

38.3

Amount spent during the year:

(₹ in Crores)

Particulars

Year ended 31.03.2023

Year ended 31.03.2022

In Cash

Yet to be

paid

Total

In Cash

Yet to be

paid

Total

(i)

Construction/ acquisition of any asset

-

-

-

-

-

-

(ii)

On purpose other than (i) above

Health/Sanitation / Waste Management / Drinking water

73.59

-

73.59

54.75

-

54.75

Education/ Vocational/ Skill Development

23.12

-

23.12

16.17

-

16.17

Environmental Sustainability (Solar Applications/

Afforestation/ Energy efficient LED lighting)

23.79

-

23.79

8.06

-

8.06

Sports

30.50

-

30.50

15.00

-

15.00

Contribution to PM CARES Fund

50.00

-

50.00

50.00

-

50.00

Provision of food/ration to migrant workers due to

COVID- 19 and Providing Cold Chain equipment for

COVID-19 vaccination

-

-

-

0.26

-

0.26

Others

3.31

-

3.31

17.90

-

17.90

Impact Assessment

0.34

-

0.34

0.23

-

0.23

Administrative overheads including training etc.

5.30

-

5.30

5.24

-

5.24

Total (i+ii)

209.95

-

209.95

167.61

-

167.61:

Director's sitting fees

0.42

0.21

- Auditors' fees and expenses

1.55

1.53

- Legal & Professional Charges

13.62

9.29

- Net Loss on Disposal of Property, Plant & Equipment

6.64

0.97

- Training And Conference Expense

10.80

7.65

- Govt. Scheme Monitoring Expenses

9.60

30.94

- Other Expenditure

24.12

20.03

Total

122.69

115.31

39.1

Disclosure in respect of Auditors’ fees and expenses

(₹ in Crores)

Particulars

Year ended 31.03.2023

Year ended 31.03.2022

Fees paid to statutory auditors :

- for audit fees

0.58

0.58

- for taxation matters

0.15

0.15

- for company law matters/ limited review fees

0.35

0.33

- for other services

0.25

0.32

- for reimbursement of expenses

0.11

0.03

Sub-total

1.44

1.41

Non-recoverable tax credit in respect of fees paid to auditors

0.11

0.12

Total - Auditor’s fees and expenses

1.55

1.53

40

Tax Expense

(₹ in Crores)

Particulars

Year ended 31.03.2023

Year ended 31.03.2022

- Current tax expense

2,668.58

3,051.33

- Current tax expense/ (benefit) pertaining to earlier years

(147.29)

(3.96)

Sub-total - Current Tax

2,521.29

3,047.37

- Deferred tax expense/ (credit)

162.84

(668.39)

Total

2,684.13

2,378.98

40.1

Reconciliation of Effective Tax Rate

The reconciliation of estimated income tax expense at statutory income tax rate to income tax expense reported in statement of profit and

loss is as follows:

(₹ in Crores)

Particulars

Year ended 31.03.2023

Year ended 31.03.2022

Profit before Tax

13,738.77

12,424.90

Statutory income tax rate

25.168%

25.168%

Expected income tax expense

3,457.77

3,127.10

Tax effect of income tax adjustments:

Benefit of deduction u/s 36(1)(viii) of Income Tax Act, 1961

(673.23)

(775.36)

Non-allowability of CSR expenses & other adjustments

51.00

42.95

Other non-deductible tax expenses

5.78

(1.07)

Non Taxable Income

(9.91)

(6.70)

Tax Expense Earlier Years

(147.29)

(3.96)

Impact of income taxable at different rates

-

(3.98)

Tax expense

2,684.13

2,378.98

Notes to Accounts

41

Earnings per Share

Particulars

Year ended 31.03.2023

Year ended 31.03.2022

Numerator

Profit for the year from continuing operations as per Statement of

Profit and Loss (₹ in Crores)*

11,021.34

10,011.80

Profit for the year from discontinued operations as per Statement

of Profit and Loss (₹ in Crores)*

-

-

Profit for the year from continuing and discontinued operations as

per Statement of Profit and Loss (₹ in Crores)*

11,021.34

10,011.80

Denominator

Weighted average Number of equity shares**

2,633,224,000

2,633,224,000

Basic & Diluted Earnings per Share (in ₹ for an equity share of ₹ 10

each) (for continuing operations)

41.85

38.02

Basic & Diluted Earnings per Share (in ₹ for an equity share of ₹ 10

each) (for discontinued operations)

-

-

Basic & Diluted Earnings per Share (in ₹ for an equity share of ₹ 10

each) (for continuing and discontinued operations)

41.85

38.02

* The profit denotes Proft after Tax less coupon expenses (net of taxes) of ₹33.30 crores (previous year ₹34.12 crores) on Perpetual Debt Instruments entrirely

equity in nature

** During the year, the Company has issued 65,83,06,000 equity shares of ₹10 each as fully paid-up bonus shares in the ratio of 1 (One) equity share for every

3 (Three) equity share outstanding on the record date i.e. 18th August 2022. Accordingly, as required by Ind AS-33, Earnings per share, the EPS of current and

previous year have been restated.

42

Contingent Liabilities and Commitments :

42.1

Contingent Liabilities not provided for in respect of:

(₹ in Crores)

Particulars

As at 31.03.2023

As at 31.03.2022

(A)

Claims against the Company not acknowledged as debts

0.78

0.78

(B)

Taxation Demands

(i)

- Demands raised by the Income Tax Department

197.78

152.77

(ii)

- Demands against appeals filed by the Income Tax

Department against the relief allowed to the Company

0.90

0.90

(iii)

- Demands raised in respect of GST

17.89

17.89

(C)

Guarantees

7.50

-

(D)

Others

(i)

- Arbitration Proceedings through Project Management

Consultant (PMC) (counter claim of ₹ 33.23 crores)

315.30

-

(ii)

- Letters of Comfort

3,082.47

4,068.95

The amount referred to in ‘A’ above are in respect of cases pending in various courts and is dependent upon the verdict of the court.

The amount referred to in B(i) above are against the various demands raised by Income Tax Department. The company is contesting these demands and the

management believes that its position will likely be upheld in the appellate process.

The amount referred to in B(ii) above are against the appeal filed by Income Tax Department in High Court against the relief allowed to the Company at ITAT level.

The amount referred to in B(iii) above is against the GST refund appeal filed by REC.

The amount referred to in C above is against the Bank Guarantee submitted for participation in bidding process of NTPC Green Energy Limited (subsidiary of NTPC Ltd.)

The amount referred to in D(i) above represent arbitration matters between the contractor and PMC appointed by the company. The claim is being contested

by the PMC and company believes that its position will likely be upheld in the arbitration process.

42.2

Commitments not provided for in respect of:

Particulars

As at 31.03.2023

As at 31.03.2022

- Contracts remaining to be executed on capital account

- Towards Property, Plant & Equipment

124.73

129.13

- Towards Intangible Assets

-

-

- Other Commitments

- CSR Commitments

252.44

399.13

Notes to Accounts:

Letter of Comfort*

Stage 1

3,098.35

3,098.35

15.87

3,082.48

-

15.87

Sub-Total (3)

3,098.35

3,098.35

15.87

3,082.48

-

15.87

Total

Stage 1

412,304.47

413,532.29

3,521.81

410,010.48

2,673.87

847.94

Stage 2

10,913.58

11,021.64

238.30

10,783.34

49.13

189.17

Stage 3

14,892.08

14,892.08

10,519.51

4,372.56

10,188.31

331.20

Total

438,110.13

439,446.01

14,279.62

425,166.38

12,911.31

1368.31

* Gross carrying amount towards: Letter of Comfort (LoC) represents non fund based exposures considered as financial guarantee as per IndAS 109

(₹ in Crores)

(₹ in Crores))

For the Year ended 31st March 2022

Asset classification as per

Ind AS 109

Outstanding amount

Gross Carrying Amount

as per Ind AS

Loss Allowances (Provisions)

as required under Ind AS 109

Net Carrying Amount

Provisions required as per

IRACP norms

Difference between Ind AS

109 provisions and IRACP

norms

Asset Classification as per RBI Norms

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)=(4)-(5)

(7)

(8)=(5)-(7)

Performing Assets

Standard

Stage 1

331,787.14

332,586.36

2,769.32

329,817.04

1,771.72

997.60

Stage 2

36,424.23

36,888.95

369.61

36,519.34

391.52

(21.91)

Sub Total (1)

368,211.37

369,475.31

3,138.93

366,336.38

2,163.24

975.69

Non-Performing Assets

Substandard Assets

Stage 3

1,512.49

1,512.49

437.16

1,075.33

190.83

246.33

Doubtful Assets

Up to 1 year

Stage 3

33.28

33.28

3.33

29.95

7.25

(3.92)

1 to 3 years

Stage 3

4,534.01

4,534.01

2,981.99

1,552.01

1,952.89

1029.10

More than 3 years

Stage 3

11,062.89

11,062.89

8,126.03

2,936.86

8,108.58

17.45

Subtotal for doubtful assets

15,630.18

15,630.18

11,111.35

4,518.82

10,068.72

1042.63

Loss Assets

Stage 3

17.22

17.22

17.22

-

17.22

-

Sub-total for NPA (2)

17,159.89

17,159.89

11,565.73

5,594.15

10,276.77

1,288.96

Total Loan Assets

385,371.26

386,635.20

14,704.66

371,930.53

12,440.01

2264.65

Other items which are in scope of Ind-AS 109

but not covered under current IRACP norms

- Letter of Comfort*

Stage 1

4,089.85

4,089.85

20.90

4,068.95

-

20.90

Sub-Total (3)

4,089.85

4,089.85

20.90

4,068.95

-

20.90

Total

Stage 1

335,876.99

336,676.21

2,790.22

333,885.99

1,771.72

1018.50

Stage 2

36,424.23

36,888.95

369.61

36,519.34

391.52

(21.91)

Stage 3

17,159.89

17,159.89

11,565.73

5,594.15

10,276.77

1,288.96

Total

389,461.11

390,725.05

14,725.56

375,999.48

12,440.01

2285.55

* Gross carrying amount towards Letter of Comfort (LoC) represents non fund based exposures considered as financial guarantee as per IndAS 109

Notes to Accounts

Notes to Accounts

letter dated 17th September 2010 had categorized REC as an Infrastructure Finance Company (IFC) in terms of instructions

contained in RBI Circular CC No.168 dated 12th February 2010. As an IFC, the total permissible exposure for lending and investing is 30%

of Tier-I capital in case of a single borrower and 50% in case of a single group of borrowers, respectively.

Hitherto the Company was continued to exempt by Reserve Bank of India (RBI) from its Credit concentration and exposure norms till

31st March, 2022. During the year, RBI has further communicated with respect to adherence of the aforesaid norms. In this regard the Company

has taken necessary steps subsequent to the year-end, such as realigning exposures of some of borrowers, issuing perpetual bonds etc. As a

result, the exposure w.r.t outstanding loans to its borrowers as on date is within the prescribed norms. Considering the company’s response

and steps taken, RBI has vide: letter dated 17th May 2023 advised the company to adhere the norms on sustained business.

50.1

Exposure to Real Estate Sector

The Company has no direct or indirect exposure to real estate sector as at 31st March 2023 (As at 31st March 2022 Nil).

50.2

Exposure to Capital Market

(₹ in Crores)

Particulars

As at 31.03.2023

As at 31.03.2022

(i)

Direct investment in equity shares, convertible bonds, convertible debentures and

units of equity-oriented mutual funds the corpus of which is not exclusively invested

in corporate debt (includes investment in optionally convertible preference shares)

534.20

450.43

(ii)

Advances against shares/ bonds/ debentures or other securities or on clean basis

to individuals for investment in shares (including IPOs/ ESOPs), convertible bonds,

convertible debentures, and units of equity-oriented mutual funds

-

-

(iii)

Advances for any other purposes where shares or convertible bonds or convertible

debentures or units of equity oriented mutual funds are taken as primary security

-

-

(iv)

Advances for any other purposes to the extent secured by the collateral security of

shares or convertible bonds or convertible debentures or units of equity oriented mutual

funds i.e. where the primary security other than shares/ convertible bonds / convertible

debentures / units of equity oriented mutual funds does not fully cover the advances

-

-

(v)

Secured and unsecured advances to stockbrokers and guarantees issued on behalf

of stockbrokers and market makers

-

-

(vi)

Loans sanctioned to corporates against the security of shares / bonds / debentures

or other securities or on clean basis for meeting promoter's contribution to the

equity of new companies in anticipation of raising resources

-

-

(vii)

Bridge loans to companies against expected equity flows/ issues

-

-

(viii)

Underwriting commitments taken up by the NBFCs in respect of primary issue of shares

or convertible bonds or convertible debentures or units of equity oriented mutual funds

-

-

(ix)

Financing to stockbrokers for margin trading

-

-

(x)

All exposures to Alternative Investment Funds

-

-

Total Exposure to Capital Market

534.20

450.43

50.3

Sectoral Exposure

(₹ in Crores)

Sectors

As at 31-03-2023

As at 31-03-2022

Principal

Outstanding

(including

LoC)

Interest

Accrued

Total

Exposure

at Default

(EAD)

Gross

NPAs

Percentage

of Gross

NPAs to

EAD

Principal

Outstanding

(including

LoC)

Interest

Accrued

Total

Exposure

at Default

(EAD)

Gross

NPAs

Percentage

of Gross

NPAs to

EAD

Industry

Lending to

Infrastructure

Sector

- Power

4,38,110.13

1,497.05

4,39,607.18

14,892.08

3.39%

3,89,461.11

1,381.55

3,90,842.66

17,159.89

4.39%

Total Exposure

4,38,110.13

1,497.05

4,39,607.18

14,892.08

3.39%

3,89,461.11

1,381.55

3,90,842.66

17,159.89

4.39%

Exposure for the purpose of above disclosure represents the principal outstanding, interest accrued and outstanding Letters of Comfort (LoC)

Notes to Accounts

50.4

Intra-Group Exposures

(₹ in Crores)

Particulars

As at 31.03.2023

As at 31.03.2022

(i)

Total amount of intra-group exposures

- Investment in equity shares of Subsidiary company

0.10

0.10

(ii)

Total amount of top 20 intra-group exposures

0.10

0.10

(iii)

Percentage of intra-group exposures to total exposure

-

-

50.5

The company does not have any financing of Parent Company products during the current and previous year.

50.6

Concentration of Advances, Exposures and Credit-impaired Assets

(₹ in Crores)

Particulars

As at 31.03.2023

As at 31.03.2022

(i)

Concentration of Advances

Total Advances to twenty largest borrowers (₹ in Crores)

267,729.20

239,602.97

Percentage of Advances to twenty largest borrowers to Total Advances of the Company

61.55%

62.17%

(ii)

Concentration of Exposures*

Total Exposure to twenty largest borrowers (₹ in Crores)

268,700.56

240,580.38

Percentage of Exposures to twenty largest borrowers to Total Exposure of the

Company on borrowers

61.12%

61.55%

(iii)

Concentration of Credit-impaired Assets

Total Exposure to the top four Credit-impaired Assets (₹ in Crores)

8,645.97

8,645.97

* Exposure for the purpose of above disclosure represents the principal outstanding, interest accrued and outstanding Letters of Comfort (LoC)

51

Fair value disclosures

The carrying values of financial instruments measured at amortised cost and fair value by category are as follows:

(₹ in Crores)

Particulars

Note No.

As at 31.03.2023

As at 31.03.2022

Financial assets measured at fair value

Derivative financial instruments measured at

(i)

Fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI)

8

8,574.02

5,079.87

(ii)

Fair value through profit and loss (FVTPL)

8

407.59

430.30

Investments* measured at

(i)

Fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI)

10

381.71

268.26

(ii)

Fair value through profit and loss (FVTPL)

10

589.65

182.07

Financial assets measured at amortised cost

Cash and cash equivalents

6

39.00

126.40

Bank balances (other than cash and cash equivalents)

7

1,948.34

2,295.30

Loan Assets

9

422,083.91

371,930.54

Investments *

10

2,166.52

1,707.54

Other financial assets

11

24,400.28

24,396.94

Total

460,591.02

406,417.22

Financial liabilities measured at fair value

Derivative financial instruments measured at

(i)

Fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI)

8

386.58

205.64

(ii)

Fair value through profit and loss (FVTPL)

8

590.37

347.50

Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost

Debt securities

17

236,948.99

219,633.57

Borrowings (other than debt securities)

18

137,114.13

106,651.59

Subordinated liabilities

19

6,773.30

6,816.47

Other financial liabilities

20

25,174.58

25,575.84

Total

406,987.95

359,230.61

* Investment in subsidiary are measured at cost as per Ind AS 27, ‘Separate financial statements’ and hence, not presented here.

Notes to Accounts

Managing Director (ceased w.e.f May 10, 2022)

Sh. Ravinder Singh Dhillon

Chairman &: Managing Director (from May 10, 2022 to May 16, 2022)

Sh. Vivek Kumar Dewangan

Managing Director

Smt. Parminder Chopra

Director (Finance)

Sh. Rajiv Ranjan Jha

Director (Projects)

Sh. Manoj Sharma

Director (Commercial) (w.e.f August 29, 2022)

Sh. Vishal Kapoor

Govt. Nominee Director (ceased w.e.f upto June 08, 2022)

Sh. Ajay Tewari

Govt. Nominee Director (w.e.f. June 09, 2022)

Sh Ram Chandra Mishra

Part Time Non-Official Independent Director (ceased w.e.f upto July 11, 2022)

Adv. Bhaskar Bhattacharya

Part Time Non-Official Independent Director

Smt. Usha Sanjeev Nair

Part Time Non-Official Independent Director

Shri. Prasanna Tantri

Part Time Non-Official Independent Director

Shri Manohar Balwani

Company Secretary

(b)

Subsidiary Companies of Ultimate Holding Company

PFC Consulting Limited (PFCCL)

PFC Projects Limited (formerly Coastal Karnataka Power Ltd.)

subsidiary w.e.f June 30, 2022

(c)

Associate Companies of Ultimate Holding Company

Bihar Mega Power Limited

Orissa Integrated Power Limited

Jharkhand Infrapower Limited

Coastal Tamil Nadu Power Limited

Bihar Infrapower Limited

Deoghar Infra Limited

Sakhigopal Integrated Power Company Limited

Ghogarpalli Integrated Power Company Limited

Odisha Infrapower Limited

Deoghar Mega Power Limited

Cheyyur Infra Limited

Ananthpuram Kurnool Transmission Limited

Chhatarpur Transmission Limited

Siot Transmission Limited (incorporated on 27.04.2022 )

Fatehgarh III Beawar Transmission Limited (incorporated on 05.05.2022 )

Beawar Dausa Transmission Limited (incorporated on 06.05.2022 )

Fatehgarh III Transmission Limited (incorporated on 18.05.2022 )

Bhadla III Transmission Limited (incorporated on 27.05.2022 )

Fatehgarh IV Transmission Limited (incorporated on 08.06.2022 )

Khandukhal Rampura Transmission Limited (incorporated on 13.05.2022 and transferred on 07.10.2022)

Dharamjaigarh Transmission Limited (incorporated on 18.11.2022 and transferred on 28.03.2023)

Raipur Pool Dhamtari Transmission Limited (incorporated on 18.11.2022 and transferred on 28.03.2023):

Letter of Comfort.

59

The Company’s operation comprise of only one business segment - lending to power, logistic and infrastructure sector. Hence, there

is no other reportable segement in terms of Indian Accounting Standard (Ind-AS) 108 “Operating Segments”. Based on “management

approach” as defined in Ind AS 108, the Chief Operating Decision Maker evaluates the Company’s performance based on analysis of

various factors of one business segment.

Notes to Accounts

59.1

Information about Revenue from major products and services

(₹ in Crores)

Particulars

Year ended 31.03.2023

Year ended 31.03.2022

(A)

Income from Loan Assets

38,701.63

38,522.97

(B)

Fee for Implementation of Govt. Schemes

122.21

15.23

(C)

Income from Treasury Operations

297.20

227.86

Total

39,121.04

38,766.06

59.2

The Company does not have any reportable geographical segment as the lending operations of the Company are carried out within

the country.

59.3

No single borrower has contributed 10% or more to the Company’s revenue during the financial year 2022-23 and 2021-22

60

Amounts expected to be recovered/ settled within 12 months and beyond for each line item under asset and liabilities

(₹ in Crores)

Particulars

As at 31.03.2023

As at 31.03.2022

Within

12 months

More than

12 months

Within

12 months

More than

12 months

ASSETS

(1)

Financial Assets

(a)

Cash and cash equivalents

39.00

-

126.40

-

(b)

Bank balances other than (a) above

1,948.34

-

2,295.30

-

(c)

Derivative financial instruments

2,331.97

6,649.64

343.37

5,166.80

(d)

Loans

65,372.90

356,711.01

39,144.60

332,785.94

(e)

Investments

46.23

3,091.75

61.28

2,096.69

(f)

Other financial assets

257.00

24,143.28

255.77

24,141.17

Total - Financial Assets (1)

69,995.44

390,595.68

42,226.71

364,190.61

(2)

Non-Financial Assets

(a)

Current tax assets (net)

-

295.78

-

179.64

(b)

Deferred tax assets (net)

-

3,276.99

-

3,134.74

(c)

Investment Property

-

-

-

-

(d)

Property, Plant & Equipment

-

638.91

-

623.67

(e)

Capital Work-in-Progress

-

2.72

-

6.07

(f)

Other Intangible Assets

-

1.62

-

4.25

(g)

Other non-financial assets

62.39

7.26

37.87

8.19

Total - Non-Financial Assets (2)

62.39

4,223.28

37.87

3,956.56

(3)

Assets classified as held for sale

0.34

-

0.86

-

Total ASSETS (1+2+3)

70,058.17

394,818.96

42,265.44

368,147.17

LIABILITIES

(1)

Financial Liabilities

(a)

Derivative financial instruments

63.11

913.84

18.89

534.25

(b)

Debt Securities

39,879.40

197,069.59

29,639.43

189,994.14

(c)

Borrowings (other than debt securities)

40,338.84

96,775.29

22,529.92

84,121.67

(d)

Subordinated Liabilities

2,796.90

3,976.40

296.95

6,519.52

(e)

Other financial liabilities

1,065.28

24,109.30

1,466.54

24,109.30

Total - Financial Liabilities (1)

84,143.53

322,844.42

53,951.73

305,278.88:

Managing Director

DIN - 01377212

REC Limited

Registered Office - Core-4, SCOPE Complex, 7, Lodhi Road, New Delhi - 110003, CIN: L40101DL1969GOI005095

Annexure to be enclosed with Balance Sheet as at 31st March 2023

(As prescribed by Reserve Bank of India)

(Particulars as required in terms of Paragraph 19 of Non-Banking Financial Company - Systemically Important Non-Deposit taking Company

and Deposit taking Company (Reserve Bank) Directions, 2016, in so far as they are applicable to REC Ltd.)

(₹ in Crores)

Particulars

As at 31.03.2023

As at 31.03.2022

Amount

Outstanding

Amount

Overdue

Amount

Outstanding

Amount

Overdue

LIABILITIES SIDE:

(1)

Loans and advances availed by the NBFC

inclusive of interest accrued thereon but not paid:

(a) Debentures/ Bonds :

- Secured

51,646.17

-

40,644.51

-

- Unsecured

193,034.32

-

186,655.90

-

(b) Term Loans

- Secured Loans from Financial Institutions

-

-

-

-

- Unsecured Loans from NSSF

10,325.12

10,325.12

- Unsecured Loans from Banks

56,402.09

42,919.86

- Unsecured Loans from Financial Institutions

6,000.64

6,800.00

(c) Commercial Paper

-

-

-

-

(d) Other Loans

- Foreign Currency Borrowings

45,783.55

-

35,687.77

-

- FCNR (B) Loans

15,427.63

-

9,861.13

-

- Overdrafts from Bank

87.59

-

-

-

- Short Term Loans/ Loans Repayable on Demand

3,607.52

1,415.58

- Loan repayable on demand from Holding Company

-

-

- Lease Obligations

0.02

0.03

(₹ in Crores)

Particulars

As at 31.03.2023

As at 31.03.2022

ASSETS SIDE :

(2)

Break-up of Loans and Advances including bills receivables

(a) Secured

223,195.81

213,512.93

(b) Unsecured

197,552.23

157,153.67

(3)

INVESTMENTS :

Current Investments:

Quoted:

(i) Shares : Equity

27.31

49.52

Unquoted:

(i) Shares : Equity

174.05

-

(ii) Debentures and Bonds

230.82

238.76

Long Term Investments:

Quoted:

(i) Shares : Equity

67.23

53.52

(ii) Debentures and Bonds

1,066.30

226.82

(iii) Government Securities

1,431.74

1,374.51

Unquoted:

(i) Shares : Equity

140.53

214.84:

Managing Director

Independent Auditors’ Report

To the Members of

REC Limited

Report on the Audit of Standalone Ind AS Financial Statements

Opinion

We have audited the standalone Ind AS financial statements of REC Limited (“the Company”) which comprise the Balance Sheet as at 31st

March, 2023, and the Statement of Profit and Loss (including Other Comprehensive Income) and the Statement of Change in Equity and the

Statement of Cash Flows for the year then ended and notes to the standalone Ind AS financial statements including a summary of significant

accounting policies and other explanatory information (hereinafter referred to as “the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statements”).

In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid standalone Ind AS financial

statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013, (“the Act”)in the manner so required and give a true & fair view in

conformity with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the state of the affairs of the Company as at 31st March 2023, and its

Profit (including other comprehensive income), changes in equity and cash flow for the year ended on that date.

Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified under section 143 (10) of the Act. Our responsibilities

under those Standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statements section

of our report. We are independent of the Company, in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of

India together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the standalone Ind AS financial statements under the provisions

of the Act and the Rules thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the

Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Emphasis of matter

We draw attention to Note No. 47.1.3 to the standalone Ind AS Financial Statements regarding the provision of impairment allowance in

respect of its loan assets and Letters of Comfort. In this regard, we have relied upon the basis of determination of impairment allowance in so

far as it relates to technical aspects/parameters considered by independent agency and management judgement for ascertaining impairment

allowance as management overlay.

Our opinion is not modified in respect of above matter.

Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters (“KAM”) are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the standalone Ind

AS financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the standalone Ind AS Financial

Statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. We have determined

the following matters described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our report:

S. No.

Key Audit Matter

Auditor’s Response

1.

Impairment allowance of Loan Assets –

(Refer Note No. 47.1.3 to the Standalone Ind AS Financial

Statements read with accounting policy No. 3.11)

The Company follows a Board approved methodology

wherein assessment for allowance is carried out by

an external agency for impairment based on certain

criterion/framework classifying the assets into various

stages depending upon credit risk and level of evidence

of impairment.

Impairment allowance is measured as product of the

Probability of Default, Exposure at Default and Loss

Given Default being the key parameters for assessing the

impairment allowance.

We have applied following audit procedures in this regard

a). According to the provisions of Ind AS 109 “Financial Instruments”,

we have obtained the report of the external agency and verified

the criterion/framework with various regulatory updates

alongwith Company’s internal guidelines and procedures in

respect of the impairment allowance.

b)

Verification of loan assets on test check basis covering substantial

part of total loans with respect to monitoring thereof for recovery/

performance aspects and assessment of the loan impairment

considering management perception on the same.

c)

Recoveries are verified applying the standard audit procedures

to ascertain level of stress. Loan balances are confirmed and

quality of the borrower is evaluated and tested with key control

parameters.:

Managing Director

DIN - 01377212

S.

No.

Particulars

Note No.

Year ended

31.03.2022

Year ended

31.03.2021

Revenue from Operations

(i)

Interest Income

29

38,846.34

38,194.49

(ii)

Dividend Income

30

11.89

4.21

(iii)

Fees and Commission Income

31

287.17

572.82

(iv)

Net gain/ (loss) on fair value changes

37

45.31

346.57

(v)

Sale of services

32

287.55

150.96

I.

Total Revenue from Operations (i to v)

39,478.26

39,269.05

II.

Other Income

33

41.90

70.15

III.

Total Income (I+II)

39,520.16

39,339.20

Expenses

(i)

Finance Costs

34

23,733.33

22,050.96

(ii)

Net translation/ transaction exchange loss

35

1,114.04

799.05

(iii)

Fees and commission Expense

36

16.29

16.73

(iv)

Impairment on financial instruments

38

142.17

3470.02

(v)

Cost of services rendered

39

54.06

65.11

(vi)

Employee Benefits Expenses

40

204.10

180.84

(vii)

Depreciation and amortization

41

24.26

18.24

(viii) Corporate Social Responsibility Expenses

42

203.91

172.35

(ix)

Other Expenses

43

130.33

123.56

IV.

Total Expenses (i to ix)

25,622.49

26,896.86

V.

Profit before Tax (III-IV)

13,897.67

12,442.34

VI.

Share of Profit/Loss of Joint Venture accounted for using equity method

-

(11.81)

VII.

Profit before Tax (III-IV+VI)

13,897.67

12,430.53

VIII. Tax Expense

44

(i)

Current Tax

- Current Year

2,720.50

3,069.23

- Earlier Years

(147.45)

(3.96)

(ii)

Deferred Tax

157.64

(670.44)

Total Tax Expense (i+ii)

2,730.69

2,394.83

IX.

Profit for the period

11,166.98

10,035.70

X.

Other comprehensive Income/(Loss)

(i)

Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

(a)

Re-measurement gains/(losses) on defined benefit plans

(5.99)

(8.33)

- Tax impact on above

1.51

2.10

(b)

Changes in Fair Value of FVOCI Equity Instruments

(58.16)

22.19

- Tax impact on above

(0.32)

2.55

(c) Share of Other Comprehensive Income/ (loss) of Joint Venture accounted for using equity method

-

(0.02)

Sub-Total (i)

(62.96)

18.49

(ii)

Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss

(a)

Effective Portion of Cash Flow Hedges

542.33

480.84

- Tax impact on above

(136.49)

(121.02)

(b)

Cost of hedging reserve

(1,755.82)

(584.51)

- Tax impact on above

441.90

147.11

(c)

Share of Other Comprehensive Income/ (loss) of Joint Venture accounted for using equity method

-

1.19

(d)

Income tax relating to these items

Sub-Total (ii)

(908.08)

(76.39)

Other comprehensive Income/(Loss) for the period (i+ii)

(971.04)

(57.90)

XI.

Total comprehensive Income for the period (IX+X)

10,195.94

9,977.80

XII.

Basic & Diluted Earnings per Equity Share of ₹ 10 each (in ₹)

45

(1)

For continuing operations

42.28

37.98

(2)

For discontinued operations

-

-

(3)

For continuing and discontinued operations

42.28

37.98

Company Overview and Significant Accounting Policies

1 to 5

(₹ in Crores)

Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss for the period ended 31st March, 2023

Accompanying Notes to Financial Statements

1 to 73

For and on behalf of the Board

In terms of our Audit Report of even date

J.S. Amitabh

ED & Company Secretary

For S.K. Mittal & Co.

Chartered Accountants

Firm Reg. No.: 001135N

S.Murthy

Partner

M.No. : 072290

Place: Mumbai

Date: 17th May 2023

For O.P. Bagla & Co. LLP.

Chartered Accountants

Firm Reg. No.: 000018N/N500091

Rakesh Kumar

Partner

M.No. : 087537

Ajoy Choudhury

Director (Finance)

DIN - 06629871

Vivek Kumar Dewangan

Chairman &: Managing

Managing Director

DIN - 01377212:

letter vide D.O.No.:

letter dated 2nd December, 2020 and 3rd March, 2021, the

repayment of principal and interest of the above bonds shall be made by GoI by making suitable budget provisions in the demand of

Ministry of Power. Accordingly, the amount of such bonds along-with interest is also appearing as recoverable by the Company from

Govt. of India (Note 12).

Details of the GoI Fully Serviced Bonds raised are as follows:

(₹ in Crores)

Particulars

Coupon Rate

Interest

Frequency

Redemption

Date

As at

31.03.2023

As at

31.03.2022

GoI-I Series

8.09%

Semi-annual

21/3/2028

1,837.00

1,837.00

GoI-II Series

8.01%

Semi-annual

24/3/2028

1,410.00

1,410.00

GoI-III Series

8.06%

Semi-annual

27/3/2028

753.00

753.00

GoI-IV Series

8.70%

Semi-annual

28/9/2028

3,000.00

3,000.00

GoI-V Series

8.54%

Semi-annual

15/11/2028

3,600.00

3,600.00

GoI-VI Series

8.80%

Semi-annual

22/1/2029

2,027.00

2,027.00

GoI-VII Series

8.60%

Semi-annual

8/3/2029

1,200.00

1,200.00

GoI-VIII Series

8.30%

Semi-annual

25/3/2029

4,000.00

4,000.00

GoI- IX Series

7.14%

Semi-annual

2/3/2030

1,500.00

1,500.00

GoI- X Series

8.25%

Semi-annual

26/3/2030

532.30

532.30

GoI- XI Series

7.20%

Semi-annual

31/3/2030

1,750.00

1,750.00

GoI- XII Series

6.45%

Semi-annual

7/1/2031

1,000.00

1,000.00

GoI- XIII Series

6.63%

Semi-annual

28/1/2031

1,000.00

1,000.00

GoI- XIV Series

6.50%

Semi-annual

26/3/2031

500.00

500.00

Total

24,109.30

24,109.30

Consolidated Notes to Accounts

23

Current tax liabilities (net)

(₹ in Crores)

Particulars

As at 31.03.2023

As at 31.03.2022

Provision for Income Tax

51.92

18.01

Less: Advance Income-tax & TDS

(41.27)

(7.76)

Current tax liabilities (Net)

10.65

10.25

24

Provisions

(₹ in Crores)

Particulars

As at 31.03.2023

As at 31.03.2022

Provisions for

(A)

Employee Benefits

Gratuity

2.68

0.34

Earned Leave Liability

27.75

25.57

Post Retirement Medical Benefits

-

0.71

Medical Leave Liability

20.61

21.49

Settlement Allowance

1.76

1.79

Economic Rehabilitation Scheme

4.17

4.15

Long Service Award

2.89

2.25

Incentive

33.89

28.47

Others*

2.00

-

Sub-total (A)

95.75

84.77

(B)

Others

Expected Credit Loss on Letters of Comfort

15.87

20.90

Sub-total (B)

15.87

20.90

Total (A+B)

111.62

105.67

* created in compliance of order of Ministry of Power regarding regularisation of earlier adopted Pay Scales 1997 in respect of below Board Level Executives

at par with other CPSEs.

24.1

Movement of Expected Credit Loss provision on Letters of comfort

(₹ in Crores)

Particulars

As at 31.03.2023

As at 31.03.2022

Opening balance

20.90

9.09

Add: Created during the year

5.48

17.18

Less: Reversed/ Adjusted during the year

(10.51)

(5.37)

Closing balance

15.87

20.90

24.2

The Company has maximum credit risk exposure of ₹3,082.47 crores (previous year ₹4,068.95 crores) related to Letters of Comfort

issued to the banks, as a financial guarantee on behalf of the borrowers.

25

Other Non-Financial Liabilities

(₹ in Crores)

Particulars

As at 31.03.2023

As at 31.03.2022

(A)

Sundry Liabilities Account (Funded Interest Capitalisation)

2.80

4.10

(B)

Unbilled Liability towards Capital Account

48.38

26.96

(C)

Unamortised Fee on Undisbursed Loans

12.45

28.72

(D)

Advance received from Govt. towards Govt. Schemes

0.10

1.00

(E)

Statutory Dues

42.72

28.25

(F)

Other Liabilities

-

0.01

Total (A to F)

106.45

89.04:

Letter of Comfort.

39

Cost of services rendered

(₹ in Crores)

Particulars

Year ended 31.03.2023

Year ended 31.03.2022

Project Expenses

54.06

65.11

Total

54.06

65.11

40

Employee Benefits Expense

(₹ in Crores)

Particulars

Year ended 31.03.2023

Year ended 31.03.2022

- Salaries and Allowances*

157.43

134.98

- Contribution to Provident and Other Funds

8.57

19.06

- Rent towards Residential Accomodation for Employees

5.31

3.77

- Staff Welfare Expenses

32.79

23.03

Total

204.10

180.84

* includes ₹20.54 crores (previous year Nil) incurred in compliance of order of Ministry of Power regarding regularisation of earlier adopted Pay Scales 1997 in

respect of below Board Level Executives at par with other CPSEs.

Consolidated Notes to Accounts

41

Depreciation and amortization

(₹ in Crores)

Particulars

Year ended 31.03.2023

Year ended 31.03.2022

- Depreciation on Property, Plant & Equipment

21.60

15.35

- Amortization on Intangible Assets

2.66

2.89

Total

24.26

18.24

42

Corporate Social Responsibility Expenses

(₹ in Crores)

Particulars

Year ended 31.03.2023

Year ended 31.03.2022

- Direct Expenditure

198.27

166.88

- Overheads

5.64

5.47

Total

203.91

172.35

42.1

Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) has prescribed Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, amended from

time to time. These rules require that any unspent CSR amount, other than for any ongoing project, must be transferred to a Fund

specified in Schedule VII, within a period of six months of the expiry of the financial year. In case such unspent amount pertains to

any ongoing project, it must be transferred to unspent CSR Account by 30th April of the next year. However, if such amount is not

utilised within three financial years, it is required to be transferred to a Fund specified in Schedule VII, within a period of thirty days

from the date of completion of the third financial year. The Company also carries the right to set-off any amount spent in excess of the

requirement under the Act within three succeeding financial years against the amount to be spent. Further, companies undertaking

impact assessment may book the expenditure towards CSR for that financial year, which shall not exceed two percent of the total CSR

expenditure or fifty lakh rupees, whichever is higher.

42.2

Details of Gross Amount required to be spent by the Group:

(a)

Gross amount required to be spent by the company during the year is ₹ 203.91 crores (previous year ₹172.35 crores)

(b)

Amount approved by the Board to be spent during the year is ₹203.91 crores (previous year ₹172.35 crores)

(c)

Refer Note no. 57 for related party transactions related to CSR.

(d)

Amount required to be spent on CSR activities as per Section 135 (5) of the Companies Act, 2013:

(₹ in Crores)

Particulars

Year ended 31.03.2023

Year ended 31.03.2022

(A)

Opening Balance - Excess amount spent

(0.48)

(4.03)

(B)

Amount required to be spent during the year

203.91

172.35

(C)

Amount spent during the year*

211.13

168.80

(D)

Closing Balance - Excess amount spent** (A+B-C)

(7.70)

(0.48)

* Excludes amount spent on CSR activities from interest earned on temporarily parked funds by REC Foundation (implementing agency) of ₹ 0.98 crores

(previous year Nil)

** eligible to be set-off in the next three succeeding financial years

42.3

Amount spent during the year

(₹ in Crores)

Particulars

Year ended 31.03.2023

Year ended 31.03.2022

In Cash

Yet to be

paid

Total

In Cash

Yet to be

paid

Total

(i)

Construction/ acquisition of any asset

-

-

-

-

-

-

(ii)

On purpose other than (i) above

Health/Sanitation / Waste Management / Drinking

water

73.98

-

73.98

54.75

-

54.75

Education/ Vocational/ Skill Development

23.12

-

23.12

16.83

-

16.83

Environmental Sustainability (Solar Applications/

Afforestation/ Energy efficient LED lighting)

23.79

-

23.79

8.25

-

8.25:

Director's sitting fees

0.42

0.21

- Auditors' fees and expenses

1.62

1.59

- Legal & Professional Charges

16.35

11.59

- Net Loss on Disposal of Property, Plant & Equipment

6.64

0.97

- Training And Conference Expense

10.80

7.65

- Govt. Scheme Monitoring Expenses

8.42

18.49

- Impairment allowance on assets classified as held for sale

0.03

9.71

- Other Expenditure

26.66

20.60

Total

130.33

123.56

43.1

Disclosure in respect of Auditors’ fees and expenses

(₹ in Crores)

Particulars

Year ended 31.03.2023

Year ended 31.03.2022

Fees paid to statutory auditors :

- for audit fees

0.63

0.62

- for taxation matters *

0.17

0.17

- for company law matters/ limited review fees

0.35

0.33

- for other services

0.25

0.32

- for reimbursement of expenses

0.11

0.03

Sub-total

1.51

1.47

Non-recoverable tax credit in respect of fees paid to

auditors

0.11

0.12

Total - Auditor’s fees and expenses

1.62

1.59

* includes Nil (Previous year Nil) of fees for taxation matters pertaining to earlier years.

44

Tax Expense

(₹ in Crores)

Particulars

Year ended 31.03.2023

Year ended 31.03.2022

- Current tax expense

2,720.50

3,069.23

- Current tax expense/ (benefit) pertaining to earlier years

(147.45)

(3.96)

Sub-total - Current Tax

2,573.05

3,065.27

- Deferred tax expense/ (credit)

157.64

(670.44)

Total

2,730.69

2,394.83

Consolidated Notes to Accounts

44.1

Reconciliation of Effective Tax Rate

The reconciliation of estimated income tax expense at statutory income tax rate to income tax expense reported in statement of profit

and loss is as follows:

Particulars

Year ended 31.03.2023

Year ended 31.03.2022

Profit before Tax

13,897.67

12,430.53

Statutory income tax rate

25.168%

25.168%

Expected income tax expense

3,497.77

3,128.52

Tax effect of income tax adjustments:

Benefit of deduction u/s 36(1)(viii) of Income Tax Act 1961

(673.23)

(775.36)

Non-allowability of CSR expenses & other adjustments

51.00

42.95

Other non-deductible tax expenses

5.60

(1.03)

Non Taxable Income

(3.00)

(2.58)

Tax Expense Earlier Years

(147.45)

(3.96)

Impact of change in tax rates

-

(3.98)

Tax effect on JV profit accounted for using equity method

-

2.97

Tax effect of intra group revenue reversals

-

7.30

Tax expense

2,730.69

2,394.83

45

Earnings per Share

Particulars

Year ended 31.03.2023

Year ended 31.03.2022

Numerator

Profit for the year from continuing operations as per

Statement of Profit and Loss (₹ in Crores)*

11,133.68

10,001.58

Profit for the year from discontinued operations as per

Statement of Profit and Loss (₹ in Crores)*

-

-

Profit for the year from continuing and discontinued

operations as per Statement of Profit and Loss (₹ in Crores)*

11,133.68

10,001.58

Denominator

Weighted average Number of equity shares**

2,633,224,000

2,633,224,000

Basic & Diluted Earnings per Share (in ₹ for an equity

share of ₹10 each) (for continuing operations)

42.28

37.98

Basic & Diluted Earnings per Share (in ₹ for an equity

share of ₹10 each) (for discontinued operations)

-

-

Basic & Diluted Earnings per Share (in ₹ for an equity

share of ₹10 each) (for continuing and discontinued

operations)

42.28

37.98

* The profit denotes Proft after Tax less coupon expenses (net of taxes) of ₹33.30 crores (previous year ₹34.12 crores) on Perpetual Debt Instruments entrirely

equity in nature

** During the year, the Company has issued 65,83,06,000 equity shares of ₹10 each as fully paid-up bonus shares in the ratio of 1 (One) equity share for every

3 (Three) equity share outstanding on the record date i.e. 18th August 2022. Accordingly, as required by Ind AS-33, Earnings per share, the EPS of current and

previous year have been restated.

46

Contingent Liabilities and Commitments :

46.1

Contingent Liabilities not provided for in respect of:

(₹ in Crores)

Particulars

As at 31.03.2023

As at 31.03.2022

(A)

Claims against the Company not acknowledged as debts

27.49

30.21

(B)

Taxation Demands

(i)

- Demands raised by the Income Tax Department

212.70

167.69

(ii)

- Demands against appeals filed by the Income Tax

Department against the relief allowed to the Company

0.90

0.90

(iii)

- Demands raised in respect of GST

17.89

17.89

(C)

Guarantees

7.50

-:

Letter of Comfort*

Stage 1

3,098.35

3,098.35

15.87

3,082.48

-

15.87

Sub-Total (3)

3,098.35

3,098.35

15.87

3,082.48

-

15.87

Total

Stage 1

412,304.47

413,532.29

3,521.81

410,010.48

2,673.87

847.94

Stage 2

10,913.58

11,021.64

238.30

10,783.34

49.13

189.17

Stage 3

14,892.08

14,892.08

10,519.51

4,372.56

10,188.31

331.20

Total

438,110.13

439,446.01

14,279.62

425,166.38

12,911.31

1,368.31

* Gross carrying amount towards: Letter of Comfort (LoC) represents non fund based exposures considered as financial guarantee as per IndAS 109

(₹ in Crores)

(₹ in Crores)

For the Year ended 31st March 2022

Asset classification as per

Ind AS 109

Outstanding amount

Gross Carrying Amount

as per Ind AS

Loss Allowances (Provisions)

as required under Ind AS 109

Net Carrying Amount

Provisions required as per

IRACP norms

Difference between Ind AS 109

provisions and IRACP norms

Asset Classification as per RBI Norms

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)=(4)-(5)

(7)

(8)=(5)-(7)

Performing Assets

Standard

Stage 1

331,787.14

332,586.36

2,769.32

329,817.04

1,771.72

997.60

Stage 2

36,424.23

36,888.95

369.61

36,519.34

391.52

(21.91)

Sub Total (1)

368,211.37

369,475.31

3,138.93

366,336.38

2,163.24

975.69

Non-Performing Assets

Substandard Assets

Stage 3

1,512.49

1,512.49

437.16

1,075.33

190.83

246.33

Doubtful Assets

Up to 1 year

Stage 3

33.28

33.28

3.33

29.95

7.25

(3.92)

1 to 3 years

Stage 3

4,534.01

4,534.01

2,981.99

1,552.01

1,952.89

1,029.10

More than 3 years

Stage 3

11,062.89

11,062.89

8,126.03

2,936.86

8,108.58

17.45

Sub-total for doubtful assets

15,630.18

15,630.18

11,111.35

4,518.82

10,068.72

1,042.63

Loss Assets

Stage 3

17.22

17.22

17.22

-

17.22

-

Sub-total for NPA (2)

17,159.89

17,159.89

11,565.73

5,594.15

10,276.77

1,288.96

Total Loan Assets

385,371.26

386,635.20

14,704.66

371,930.53

12,440.01

2,264.65

Other items which are in scope of Ind-AS 109

but not covered under IRACP norms

- Letter of Comfort*

Stage 1

4,089.85

4,089.85

20.90

4,068.95

-

20.90

Sub-Total (3)

4,089.85

4,089.85

20.90

4,068.95

-

20.90

Total

Stage 1

335,876.99

336,676.21

2,790.22

333,885.99

1,771.72

1,018.50

Stage 2

36,424.23

36,888.95

369.61

36,519.34

391.52

(21.91)

Stage 3

17,159.89

17,159.89

11,565.73

5,594.15

10,276.77

1,288.96

Total

389,461.11

390,725.05

14,725.56

375,999.48

12,440.01

2,285.55

* Gross carrying amount towards Letter of Comfort (LoC) represents non fund based exposures considered as financial guarantee as per IndAS 109

Consolidated Notes to Accounts

letter dated 17th September 2010 had categorized REC as an Infrastructure Finance Company (IFC) in terms of instructions

contained in RBI Circular CC No.168 dated 12th February 2010. As an IFC, the total permissible exposure for lending and investing is

30% of Tier-I capital in case of a single borrower and 50% in case of a single group of borrowers, respectively.

Consolidated Notes to Accounts

Hitherto the Company was continued to exempt by Reserve Bank of India (RBI) from its Credit concentration and exposure norms till

31st March, 2022. During the year, RBI has further communicated with respect to adherence of the aforesaid norms. In this regard the

Company has taken necessary steps subsequent to the year-end, such as realigning exposures of some of borrowers, issuing perpetual

bonds etc. As a result, the exposure w.r.t outstanding loans to its borrowers as on date is within the prescribed norms. Considering the

company’s response and steps taken, RBI has vide: letter dated 17th May 2023 advised the company to adhere the norms on sustained

business.

54.1

Exposure to Real Estate Sector

The Company has no direct or indirect exposure to real estate sector as at 31st March 2023 (As at 31st March 2022 Nil).

54.2

Exposure to Capital Market

(₹ in Crores)

Particulars

As at 31.03.2023

As at 31.03.2022

(i)

Direct investment in equity shares, convertible bonds, convertible debentures

and units of equity-oriented mutual funds the corpus of which is not

exclusively invested in corporate debt (includes investment in optionally

convertible preference shares)

534.10

450.33

(ii)

Advances against shares/ bonds/ debentures or other securities or on

clean basis to individuals for investment in shares (including IPOs/ ESOPs),

convertible bonds, convertible debentures, and units of equity-oriented

mutual funds

-

-

(iii)

Advances for any other purposes where shares or convertible bonds or

convertible debentures or units of equity oriented mutual funds are taken as

primary security

-

-

(iv)

Advances for any other purposes to the extent secured by the collateral

security of shares or convertible bonds or convertible debentures or units

of equity oriented mutual funds i.e. where the primary security other than

shares/ convertible bonds / convertible debentures / units of equity oriented

mutual funds does not fully cover the advances

-

-

(v)

Secured and unsecured advances to stockbrokers and guarantees issued on

behalf of stockbrokers and market makers

-

-

(vi)

Loans sanctioned to corporates against the security of shares / bonds / debentures

or other securities or on clean basis for meeting promoter's contribution to the

equity of new companies in anticipation of raising resources

-

-

(vii)

Bridge loans to companies against expected equity flows/ issues

-

-

(viii)

Underwriting commitments taken up by the NBFCs in respect of primary issue

of shares or convertible bonds or convertible debentures or units of equity

oriented mutual funds

-

-

(ix)

Financing to stockbrokers for margin trading

-

-

(x)

All exposures to Alternative Investment Funds

-

-

Total Exposure to Capital Market

534.10

450.33

54.3

Sectoral Exposure

(₹ in Crores)

Sectors

As at 31-03-2023

As at 31-03-2022

Principal

Outstanding

(including

LoC)

Interest

Accrued

Total

Exposure

at Default

(EAD)

Gross

NPAs

Percentage

of Gross

NPAs to

EAD

Principal

Outstanding

(including

LoC)

Interest

Accrued

Total

Exposure

at Default

(EAD)

Gross

NPAs

Percentage

of Gross

NPAs to

EAD

Industry

Lending to

Infrastructure

Sector

- Power

438,110.13

1,497.05

439,607.18

14,892.08

3.39%

389,461.11

1,381.55

390,842.66

17,159.89

4.39%

Total Exposure

438,110.13

1,497.05

439,607.18

14,892.08

3.39%

389,461.11

1,381.55

390,842.66

17,159.89

4.39%

Exposure for the purpose of above disclosure represents the principal outstanding, interest accrued and outstanding Letters of Comfort (LoC)

Managing Director (ceased w.e.f May 10, 2022)

Sh. Ravinder Singh Dhillon

Chairman &: Managing Director (from May 10, 2022 to May 16, 2022)

Sh. Vivek Kumar Dewangan

Managing Director

Smt. Parminder Chopra

Director (Finance)

Sh. Rajiv Ranjan Jha

Director (Projects)

Sh. Manoj Sharma

Director (Commercial) (w.e.f August 29, 2022)

Sh. Vishal Kapoor

Govt. Nominee Director (ceased w.e.f upto June 08, 2022)

Sh. Ajay Tewari

Govt. Nominee Director (w.e.f. June 09, 2022)

Sh Ram Chandra Mishra

Part Time Non-Official Independent Director (ceased w.e.f upto July 11, 2022)

Adv. Bhaskar Bhattacharya

Part Time Non-Official Independent Director

Smt. Usha Sanjeev Nair

Part Time Non-Official Independent Director

Shri. Prasanna Tantri

Part Time Non-Official Independent Director

Shri Manohar Balwani

Company Secretary

(b)

Subsidiary Companies of Ultimate Holding Company

PFC Consulting Limited (PFCCL)

PFC Projects Limited (formerly Coastal Karnataka Power Ltd.)

subsidiary w.e.f June 30, 2022

(c)

Associate Companies of Ultimate Holding Company

Bihar Mega Power Limited

Orissa Integrated Power Limited

Jharkhand Infrapower Limited

Coastal Tamil Nadu Power Limited

Bihar Infrapower Limited

Deoghar Infra Limited

Sakhigopal Integrated Power Company Limited

Ghogarpalli Integrated Power Company Limited

Odisha Infrapower Limited

Deoghar Mega Power Limited

Cheyyur Infra Limited

Ananthpuram Kurnool Transmission Limited

Chhatarpur Transmission Limited

Siot Transmission Limited (incorporated on 27.04.2022 )

Fatehgarh III Beawar Transmission Limited (incorporated on 05.05.2022 )

Consolidated Notes to Accounts

Beawar Dausa Transmission Limited (incorporated on 06.05.2022 )

Fatehgarh III Transmission Limited (incorporated on 18.05.2022 )

Bhadla III Transmission Limited (incorporated on 27.05.2022 )

Fatehgarh IV Transmission Limited (incorporated on 08.06.2022 )

Khandukhal Rampura Transmission Limited (incorporated on 13.05.2022 and transferred on 07.10.2022)

Dharamjaigarh Transmission Limited (incorporated on 18.11.2022 and transferred on 28.03.2023)

Raipur Pool Dhamtari Transmission Limited (incorporated on 18.11.2022 and transferred on 28.03.2023)

Khetri-Narela Transmission Limited (transferred on 11.05.2022)

Mohanlalganj Transmission Limited (transferred on 30.05.2022)

Kishtwar Transmission Limited (transferred on 06.12.2022 )

Bhadla Sikar Transmission Limited (transferred on 28.03.2023)

Tatiya Andhra Mega Power Limited (Striked off from the records of Registrar of Companies on 27.09.2022)

Coastal Maharashtra Mega Power Limited (Striked off from the records of Registrar of Companies on 29.09.2022)

Chhattisgarh Surguja Power Limited (Striked off from the records of Registrar of Companies on 11.01.2023)

Shongtong Karcham-Wangtoo Transmission Limited (Striked off from the records of Registrar of Companies on 13.01.2023)

Tanda Transmission Company Limited (Striked off from the records of Registrar of Companies on 13.01.2023)

Bijawar-Vidarbha Transmission Limited (under process of striking off the name from the records of Registrar of Companies)

(d)

Employment Benefit Trusts/ Funds of Ultimate Holding Company

PFC Employees Provident Fund

PFC Employees Gratuity Fund

PFC Defined Contribution Pension Scheme 2007

PFC Superannuation Medical Fund

(e)

Other Companies in which Key Managerial Personnel of Ultimate Holding Company are Directors

PTC India Limited

Energy Efficiency Services Limited (Related Party w.e.f September 29, 2022)

SJVN Limited (Related Party w.e.f December 01, 2022)

57.2

Amount due from/ to the related parties :

(₹ in Crores)

Particulars

As at 31.03.2023

As at 31.03.2022

Power Finance Corporation Limited (PFC)

Other Financial Assets

3.54

-

Associates

Loans to associates

13.39

12.83

Payables

0.02

0.01

Employment Benefit Trusts/ Funds

Debt Securities

3.70

8.70

Other financial liabilities- GOI Serviced Bonds

29.30

29.30

Provisions

2.68

1.05

Other financial assets

15.11

-

Employment Benefit Trusts/ Funds of Ultimate Holding Company

Debt Securities

1.80

1.90

Key Managerial Personnel (KMP)

Debt Securities

0.05

0.16

Staff Loans & Advances

0.22

0.18

Key Managerial Personnel of Ultimate Holding Company (KMP-PFC)

Debt Securities

0.17

0.17

REC Foundation

Other Non Financial Assets

-

1.20

Companies in which KMP/ KMP-PFC are Directors:

Letter of Comfort.

Consolidated Notes to Accounts:

Managing Director

DIN - 01377212

REC Limited

Registered Office - Core-4, SCOPE Complex, 7, Lodhi Road, New Delhi - 110003, CIN: L40101DL1969GOI005095

Annexure to be enclosed with Consolidated Balance Sheet as at 31st March 2023

(As prescribed by Reserve Bank of India)

(Particulars as required in terms of Paragraph 19 of Non-Banking Financial Company - Systemically Important Non-Deposit taking Company

and Deposit taking Company (Reserve Bank) Directions, 2016, in so far as they are applicable to REC Ltd.)

(₹ in Crores)

Particulars

As at 31.03.2023

As at 31.03.2022

Amount

Outstanding

Amount

Overdue

Amount

Outstanding

Amount

Overdue

LIABILITIES SIDE:

(1)

Loans and advances availed by the NBFC

inclusive of interest accrued thereon but not paid:

(a) Debentures/ Bonds :

- Secured

51,599.51

-

40,597.85

-

- Unsecured

193,034.32

-

186,643.60

-

(b) Term Loans

- Secured Loans from Financial Institutions

-

-

-

-

- Unsecured Loans from NSSF

10,325.12

-

10,325.12

-

- Unsecured Loans from Banks

56,402.09

-

42,919.86

-

- Unsecured Loans from Financial Institutions

6,000.64

-

6,800.00

-

(c) Commercial Paper

-

-

-

-

(d) Other Loans

-

-

-

-

- Foreign Currency Borrowings

45,783.55

-

35,687.77

-

- FCNR(B) Loans

15,427.63

-

9,861.13

-

- Overdrafts from Bank

87.59

-

-

-

- Short Term Loans/ Loans Repayable on Demand

3,607.52

-

1,415.58

-

- Unsecured Loans from Holding Company

-

-

-

-

- Lease Obligations

0.02

-

0.03

-

(₹ in Crores)

Particulars

As at 31.03.2023

As at 31.03.2022

ASSETS SIDE :

(2)

Break-up of Loans and Advances including bills receivables

(a) Secured

223,195.81

213,512.93

(b) Unsecured

197,552.23

157,153.67

(3)

INVESTMENTS :

Current Investments:

Quoted:

(i) Shares : Equity

27.31

49.52

Unquoted:

(i) Shares : Equity

174.05

-

(ii) Debentures and Bonds

230.82

238.76

Long Term Investments:

Quoted:

(i) Shares : Equity

67.23

53.52

(ii) Debentures and Bonds

1,098.42

259.39

(iii) Government Securities

1,431.74

1,374.51

Unquoted:

(i) Shares : Equity

140.43

214.74:

Managing Director

DIN - 01377212

Form AOC-1

Statement containing salient features of the financial statements of Subsidiaries/ Associates/ Joint Ventures for the Year 2022-23

Part A: Subsidiaries

(₹ in Crores)

Particulars

(I)

1

Name of the Subsidiary

REC Power Development and Consultancy Limited (formerly

REC Power Distribution Company Limited)

2

Reporting period for the subsidiary concerned, if different from

the holding company’s reporting period

Not Applicable

3

Reporting currency and Exchange rate as on the last date of the

relevant Financial year in the case of foreign subsidiaries.

Not Applicable

4

Share capital

0.09

5

Reserves & Surplus

440.84

6

Total assets

680.50

7

Total Liabilities

239.57

8

Investments

78.77

9

Turnover

307.27

10

Profit/ (Loss) Before Taxation

186.35

11

Provision for Taxation

46.56

12

Profit/ (Loss) After Taxation

139.79

13

Proposed Dividend

23.40

14

% Shareholding

100.00%

(1)

Name of subsidiaries which are yet to commence operations - Nil

(2)

Names of subsidiaries which have been liquidated or sold during the year - Nil

Part B: Associates and Joint Ventures

Details of Associates

(₹ in Crores)

Name of Associates

Ko-

derma

Trans-

mission

Limited *

Chandil

Trans-

mission

Limited*

Dumka

Trans-

mission

Limited#

Mandar

Trans-

mission

Limited#

Bidar

Trans-

mission

Limited*

Sikar

Khetri

Trans-

mission

Limited*

KPS1

Trans-

mission

Limited*

Ramgarh

II Trans-

mission

Limited*

Beawar

Trans-

mission

Limited*

Khavda

II-D

Trans-

mission

Limited*

Luhri

Power

Trans-

mission

Limited*

Meerut

Shamli

Power

Trans-

mission

Limited#

NERES

XVI

Power

Trans-

mission

Limited#

1

Latest audited Balance Sheet Date

31- Mar

-23

31 -Mar

-23

31- Mar

-23

31- Mar

-23

31 -Mar

-23

31- Mar

-23

31- Mar

-23

31- Mar

-23

31- Mar

-23

31 -Mar

-23

31- Mar

-23

31- Mar

-23

31- Mar

-23

2

Shares of Associate/Joint Ventures

held by the company on the year

end Number

50,000

50,000

50,000

50,000

50,000

50,000

50,000

50,000

50,000

50,000

50,000

50,000

50,000

Amount of Investment in

Associates/ Joint Venture

0.05

0.05

0.05

0.05

0.05

0.05

0.05

0.05

0.05

0.05

0.05

0.05

0.05

Extent of Holding (%)

100.00%

100.00%

100.00%

100.00%

100.00%

100.00%

100.00%

100.00%

100.00%

100.00%

100.00%

100.00%

100.00%

3

Description of how there is

significant influence

Refer Note 1

4

Reason why the associate/joint

venture is not consolidated **

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

NA

5

Networth attributable to

Shareholding as per latest audited

Balance Sheet

(2.28)

(2.55)

(2.10)

(1.87)

(0.10)

(0.67)

(0.57)

(0.69)

(0.71)

0.03

(0.46)

(0.38)

(0.14)

6

Profit / (Loss) for the year

(0.01)

(0.01)

(0.00)

(0.00)

(0.11)

(0.72)

(0.62)

(0.74)

(0.76)

(0.02)

(0.51)

(0.43)

(0.19)

i.

Considered in Consolidation **

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

ii.

Not Considered in Consolidation

(0.01)

(0.01)

(0.00)

(0.00)

(0.11)

(0.72)

(0.62)

(0.74)

(0.76)

(0.02)

(0.51)

(0.43)

(0.19)

* The latest audited Balance Sheet available for associates have been prepared on the basis of IND-AS.

# The latest management certified Balance Sheet available for associates have been prepared on the basis of IND-AS

**Associates classified under held for sale and valued at cost or fair market value (less cost to sales) whichever is less, hence profit not considered.

Note : 1. The Group is holding 100% of shares but these investments are managed as per the mandate from Government of India and Group does not have the

practical ability to direct the relevant activities of these companies unilaterally, hence treated as associate company.

Note : 2. Thirteen associates have been transferred during FY 2022-23.:

Managing Director

DIN - 01377212

Independent Auditors’ Report

To the Members of

REC Limited

Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statements

Opinion

We have audited the accompanying consolidated Ind AS financial statements of REC Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the Holding Company”)

and its subsidiary (Holding Company and its subsidiary together referred to as “the Group”) which comprise the Consolidated Balance Sheet

as at 31st March, 2023, the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss (including Other Comprehensive Income), the Consolidated Statement

of Changes in Equity and the Consolidated Cash Flow Statement for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated Ind AS financial

statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies (hereinafter referred to as “the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statements”).

In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid consolidated Ind AS financial

statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013, (“the Act”) in the manner so required and give a true and fair view in

conformity with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, of their consolidated state of affairs of the Group as at 31st March, 2023,

of its consolidated Profit (including other comprehensive Income), consolidated changes in equity and consolidated cash flows for the year

then ended on that date.

Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified under section 143(10) of the Companies act, 2013. Our

responsibilities under those Standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Ind AS Financial

Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by ICAI, and we have fulfilled

our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the provisions of the Act, 2013. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is

sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Emphasis of matter

We draw attention to Note No. 51.1.3 to the consolidated Ind AS Financial Statements regarding the provision of impairment allowance in

respect of its loan assets and Letters of Comfort. In this regard, we have relied upon the basis of determination of impairment allowance in so

far as it relates to technical aspects/parameters considered by independent agency and management judgement for ascertaining impairment

allowance as management overlay.

Our opinion is not modified in respect of these matters.

Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters (“KAM”) are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated Ind

AS financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated Ind AS Financial

Statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. We have determined

the following matters described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our report:

S. No.

Key Audit Matter

Auditor’s Response

1.

Impairment allowance of Loan Assets –

(Refer Note No. 51.1.3 to the Consolidated Ind AS Financial

Statements read with accounting policy No. 3.13)

The Company follows a Board approved methodology

wherein assessment for allowance is carried out by

an external agency for impairment based on certain

criterion/framework classifying the assets into various

stages depending upon credit risk and level of evidence

of impairment.

Impairment allowance is measured as product of the

Probability of Default, Exposure at Default and Loss

Given Default being the key parameters for assessing the

impairment allowance.

We have applied following audit procedures in this regard

a). According to the provisions of Ind AS 109 “Financial Instruments”,

we have obtained the report of the external agency and verified

the criterion/framework with various regulatory updates

alongwith Company’s internal guidelines and procedures in

respect of the impairment allowance.

b)

Verification of loan assets on test check basis covering substantial

part of total loans with respect to monitoring thereof for recovery/

performance aspects and assessment of the loan impairment

considering management perception on the same.

Details of Joint Venture : NA

(1)

Names of associates or joint ventures which are yet to commence operations - NIL

(2)

Names of associates or joint ventures which have been liquidated or sold during the year.

The following associates have been sold during the year, as a part of business process:

Name of SPV

Date of Sale

Rajgarh Transmission Limited

30/05/2022

MP Power Transmission Package-I Limited

21/01/2023

ER NER Transmission Limited

10/10/2022

Neemuch Transmission Limited

24/08/2022

Gadag II A Transmission Limited

08/11/2022

WRSR Power Transmission Limited

18/01/2023

Khavda II-A Transmission Limited

28/03/2023

Khavda II-B Transmission Limited

21/03/2023

Khavda II-C Transmission Limited

21/03/2023

KPS3 Transmission Limited

21/03/2023

KPS2 Transmission Limited

21/03/2023

Khavda RE Transmission Limited

21/03/2023

ERWR Power Transmission Limited

21/03/2023:

