letter \ 06

Message from the CEO & MD \ 08

Board of Directors \ 10

About Birlasoft \ 12

Awards and recognition \ 14

Services we offer \ 16

Industries we serve \ 17

Enhanced metrics, robust growth \ 18

Our people \ 20

Birlasoft’s CSR DNA \ 21

Governance of the CSR function \ 22

A future of breaking barriers \ 24

Management discussion and analysis \ 26

Enterprise risk management \ 34

Board’s report & its annexures \ 39

Corporate governance report \ 68

Business responsibility report \ 93

Standalone financial statements \ 100

Consolidated financial statements \ 162

Notice \ 222

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

AUDITORS

LEGAL ADVISOR

REGISTRAR & TRANSFER AGENT

Link Intime India Private Limited

FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS

Amita Birla

Chairman

Chandrakant Birla

Director

Ashok Kumar Barat

Independent Director

Anant Talaulicar

Independent Director

Alka Bharucha

Independent Director

Nandita Gurjar

Independent Director

Dharmander Kapoor

Chief Executive Officer

&: Managing

Dear Stakeholders,

I write to you from the cusp of a new business reality, our post

pandemic world of accelerated digital transformations, the

great resignation, a work-from-anywhere paradigm redefining

the employer-employee relationship, the emergence and

recognition of technology as the fulcrum of business continuity

and resilience, an increased spend towards enterprise and

digital IT solutions, a reset of the wage environment, and the

massive shifts in the talent market placing a premium not

only on skill sets but also a hybrid modality of contribution.

Most important is a recognition of the need to tighten focus on

profitability and growth for businesses that stayed in survival

mode during the pandemic years.

CHAIRMAN’S: LETTER

Amidst all this, I am happy to report that Birlasoft has had quite

an extraordinary year.

We registered a revenue of $ 555.2 Million, growth of 15.8%

and delivered an EBITDA margin of 15.5%, recording an

improvement of 60 bps. Our profitability grew by 43.6%, and

we secured new businesses with a Total Contract Value (TCV)

of $ 444 Million, all in a year that has been part of the most

unprecedented and ambiguous period the world has

ever experienced.

Growth was led by digital centric service lines of business and

technology transformation, and cloud-based services, which

grew 26.1% and 29.8%, respectively in FY 2022. The Enterprise

Solution business has seen encouraging cloud and base

services traction with high single digit growth in the second

half, and we expect the momentum to continue into FY 2023.

I want to acknowledge every one of Birlasoft’s 12,000+

professionals, who have helped create this immense value for

the company’s stakeholders.

Birlasoft has once again been recognized as a Great Place to

Work®. We are also very proud of being part of the CK Birla

group that has been recognized as Nation Builders of the year

by the GPTW institute. Our inspirational legacy and our sharp

focus on our people, drive our efforts to build a culture of trust,

performance orientation and accountability.

Our endeavors in the enterprise digital services landscape have

won us several plaudits. Birlasoft is now at Maturity Level 5 of

the CMMI Institute’s Capability Maturity Model (CMMI)® 2.0

for CMMI-DEV and CMMI-SVC. This Maturity Level indicates

the organization is performing at an ‘optimizing’ level and

continuously improving its processes based on a qualitative

assessment of its objectives and performance needs.

Our transformational business solution ‘Value IN Customer’s

Interest (VINCI)’ won the ‘Business Transformation Award’

organized by the Mint and TechCircle, under the category of

‘Revenue Generation for Customer Experience’. We were also

named as the finalist for the 2021 Microsoft Partner of the Year

in the category of ‘Modernizing Applications’.

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

6

As a brand that cares for people and communities, our

Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) philosophy is led

by our vision of Create, Collaborate, and Change. We

encourage our employees and their families to contribute

to society via our Employee Volunteering Program. Our

flagship community program, Project Shodhan won the

‘Special Jury Award’ at the India CSR Summit (India). The

program continues to contribute towards the objective

of reducing crop residue burning in the Indian states of

Haryana and Punjab.

Our COVID-19 Support Program has helped societies

recover from the pandemic through mass vaccination

drives for vulnerable communities, in addition to building

capacity at hospitals by providing advanced service

ambulances and medical equipment. Our other programs

like DISHA, e-vidya, iPledge, and Joy of Giving continue to

make a difference to society.

As we look ahead, Software Services and IT Services are

forecast to be the two fastest growing categories of technology

spending in FY 2022, and Birlasoft with its balanced business

from Enterprise and Digital is placed well to tap into this

opportunity. We continue to strive for excellence in the people

space with the use of specialised forecasting models in our

hiring, and renewed focus on investing in people development

and upskilling. There has been a review of rewards focusing on

retention, and our business pipelines are healthy on the sales

side and the deals side.

Even with the new set of macroeconomic challenges

including the war in Ukraine, inflation, high gas prices,

talent shortages, aggressive Federal Reserve rate hike,

and continuing supply chain hiccups: the outlook on IT

spending remains bullish, and projections indicate an overall

increased spend on IT and Tech globally.

We are in a space of confidence about Birlasoft’s growth over

the next two to three years, and buoyant on our ambitious

target of becoming a $ 1 Billion company by FY 2025.

On behalf of the Board of

Dear Shareholders,

I am very pleased to report that we have ended FY 2022 with

over 15% revenue growth and over 15% EBITDA margins,

which have always been amongst my first goals ever since

I took over as CEO of the Company about three years ago.

From a negative annual revenue growth and single-digit

EBITDA margins back then, we have made significant

progress. This is despite the odds of merger and integration

challenges in the first year of my tenure, the COVID-19 crisis

in the second year and significant supply-side challenges in

the past financial year – FY 2022.

I recollect mentioning that, for us it was not about running a

sprint, but rather a marathon and we wanted to pick up the

MESSAGE FROM THE

CEO & MD

pace, at the right time. Having successfully laid the foundations

for growth, I believe the time is now to move towards our

aspiration of being a $1 Billion revenue Company by FY 2025.

The icing on the cake is the favorable demand environment

over the next two to three years.

ON A STEADY PATH TOWARDS HIGH

PROFITABILITY

Coming to the FY 2022 performance, Birlasoft’s revenue was at

$ 555.2 Million, a growth of 15.8%. In rupee terms, the annual

revenue was R 41,304 Million and grew by 16.2%. EBITDA was

$ 86 Million (R 6,401 Million) and EBITDA margin was 15.5%

versus 14.9% in FY 2021, showing an improvement of 60 bps

and growing 20.4% Y-O-Y. The PAT was at $ 62.3 Million

(R 4,636 Million), registering a growth of 43.6% Y-O-Y

(44.5% in rupee terms). PAT margin was at 11.2% versus 9.0%

in FY 2021, marking an improvement of 220 bps.

Offshore revenues continued to gain momentum in FY 2022

and the revenue share improved by 455 bps to 49.3% in FY

2022 versus 44.8% in FY 2021. Similarly, the revenue from

fixed-price contracts stood at 58.6% versus 56.2%

in FY 2021.

The year saw strong deal wins with Total Contract Value (TCV)

wins of $ 696 Million, of which $ 444 Million was new business

versus $ 427 Million in the previous year. Also, the wins from

new customers improved significantly to 15.5% in FY 2022

versus 3% in FY 2021. Growth was led by the Americas which

grew 22.9%. In verticals, Manufacturing led growth and

was up 25.8% Y-O-Y. In services, Business and Technology

Transformation and Cloud and Base services grew 26.1% and

29.8% respectively.

Enterprise Solutions saw a mild pick-up in FY 2022 with

Y-O-Y growth of 2.5%, with its Y-O-Y growth being in the

high single digits in H2 FY2022. The momentum is driven by

additional on-premises or off-premises options, improving

user experience, an integrated environment and increasing

demand for the “as-a-service” model. It is also becoming

evident that the market is starting to move towards a more

agnostic approach to Enterprise Solution platforms. As

a team, we are focused on building and articulating our

approach toward a robust platform strategy.

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

8

CUSTOMERS DRIVING MOMENTUM

Top customers continued to drive growth in FY 2022:

• Top 6-10, Top 10 and Top 20 customers grew 46.9%,

18.4% and 20.4%, respectively,

• Top 5 customer growth was 7.6% Y-O-Y due to

normalization of growth in one of our Life

Science customers.

The active customer count was stable at 296 as of March 31,

2022. In FY 2022, we added four customers to the +10 Million

bucket, from nine in FY 2021 to 13 in FY 2022, reflecting an

effective client mining and cross-selling strategy.

We added 1,153 professionals during the year and the total

headcount stood at 12,204 as of March 31, 2022. The attrition

issue, at a decadal high, continues to plague the industry.

Our past 12-month attrition of 34.3%, the highest to date, is a

big area of concern. However, due to our continued efforts on

talent retention, the attrition levels have seen some softening

in Q4. We continued to maintain over 85% utilization levels

throughout the year.

We are making investments in transformation programs to

help bring agility, drive faster growth, strengthen service

lines, invest in talent and skill development, and improve

pricing and productivity.

RECOGNIZED FOR OUR QUALITY AND SERVICE

As a testimony to our growing brand, we have received several

accolades. Birlasoft was recognized as ‘Great Place to Work®-

Certified’ and was named a finalist for the 2021 Microsoft

Partner of the Year. Our Company was also honored at the

Mint-TechCircle Business Transformation Symposium Awards

2021. The Company’s marquee community development

and crop residue management initiative, Project Shodhan,

was acknowledged with the Special Jury Award at Edition

#8 of the India CSR Summit. Also, Birlasoft was among the

leading providers in the Booming 15 category, globally based

on Annual Contract Value (ACV) won over the last 12 months,

according to the 1Q 2022 Global ISG Index™. It is the eighth

consecutive time that we have been featured across named

categories by ISG.

In conclusion, I would like to add that the demand environment

continues to remain robust, especially in digital, cloud, and re-

initiation of transformation programs. This demand is powered

by customers looking at shorter and sharper returns and

focusing on cost containment while improving their spend on

value-driven initiatives. The deal pipeline is robust and traction

from both new and existing customers is good.

I remain optimistic about our growth journey and look forward

to yet another successful year!

Best wishes,

Dharmander Kapoor

CORPORATE OVERVIEW

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

STATUTORY REPORTS

9:

Managing Director and CEO of Forbes & Company Limited, till June 2016. Ashok

is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and the Institute of Company

Secretaries of India, an Associate of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of England & Wales,

and CPA, Australia. He is a Certified Mediator empanelled with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs,

Government of India. He is a member of the board of directors of several companies.

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22

10

Anant Talaulicar holds a B.E. (Mechanical) degree from Mysore University, an M.S. degree

from the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, and an MBA from Tulane University, U.S.A. He

was a member of the Cummins Inc. global leadership team from August 2009 till October

2017, the Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director of the

Company for a period of three years effective June 1, 2019 upto

May 31, 2022, along with other terms & conditions of appointment,

including payment of remuneration.

Based on the performance evaluation of DK as the CEO &: Managing

Managing Director

2

Chandrasekar Thyagarajan

200-29108

Chief Financial Officer

3

Sneha Padve

ACS 9678

Company Secretary

There has been no change in the KMP of the Company during the year.

auditors

-

statutory auditors

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 139(1) of the Act,

read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014,

M/s. B S R & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants (ICAI Firm

Registration No.: 101248W/W–100022), were re-appointed

as the Statutory Auditors of the Company, in the AGM held on

August 7, 2019, for a period of four years till the conclusion of

the AGM to be held in the year 2023.

The Notes on the Financial Statements referred to in the

Auditors’ Report are self-explanatory and do not call for any

further comments. There are no qualifications, reservations

or adverse remarks in the Report of the Statutory Auditors

for the financial year ended March 31, 2022.

During the year under review, the Auditor has not reported

any matter under Section 143(12) of the Act, therefore no

detail is required to be disclosed under Section 134(3)(ca) of

the Act.

-

secretarial auditor

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 204 of the Act and the

Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial

Personnel) Rules, 2014, Dr. K. R. Chandratre, Practising

Company Secretary (FCS No.: 1370 and CP No.: 5144),

was appointed as the Secretarial Auditor to conduct audit

for the year under review. The Report of the Secretarial

Auditor is annexed as “annexure 2”. It does not contain any

qualification, reservation or adverse remark.

During the year under review, the Secretarial Auditor has

not reported any matter under Section 143(12) of the Act,

and therefore no details are required to be disclosed under

Section 134(3)(ca) of the Act.

-

internal auditor

The Internal Auditor and the Head of Internal Audit function

within the Company reports functionally to the Audit

Committee of Board, which reviews and approves risk based

annual internal audit plan and the performance of internal

audit function.

corporate Governance

Pursuant to Regulation 34 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015,

Corporate Governance Report for the year ended March 31, 2022,

with a detailed compliance report thereon forms an integral part

of this Annual Report and is set out as separate section herein. It

also includes a certificate from the Statutory Auditors in respect of

compliance with the provisions of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations,

2015 related to Corporate Governance.

manaGement discussion and analysis

In terms of provisions of Regulation 34(2) of the SEBI (LODR)

Regulations, 2015, a detailed review of the operations,

performance and outlook of the Company and its business is

given in the Management Discussion and Analysis Report, which

is presented in a separate section forming part of this Annual

Report.

awards & recoGnition

In recognition of its constant quest for excellence, your Company

has been honoured and recognised at various forums. The

prominent ones are listed below:

(i)

Birlasoft is now Great Place to Work® certified

(ii) Birlasoft named a finalist for the ‘2021 Microsoft Partner of

the Year’

(iii) Birlasoft

honoured

at

the

Mint-TechCircle

Business

Transformation Symposium Awards 2021

(iv) Birlasoft’s

marquee

community

development

and

crop residue management initiative, Project Shodhan

acknowledged with the Special Jury Award at Edition #8 of

the India CSR Summit

particulars of employees, directors and

key manaGerial personnel

The ratio of remuneration of each Director to the median

employee’s remuneration and other details prescribed in

Section 197(12) of the Act, read with Rule 5(1) of the Companies

(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel)

Rules, 2014, are annexed to this Report as “annexure 3”.

In terms of the provisions of Section 197(12) of the Act, read

with Rules 5(2) and 5(3) of the Companies (Appointment and

Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, a statement

showing the names of employees and other particulars of the top

ten employees and employees drawing remuneration in excess of

the limits as provided in the said Rules are set out in the Board’s

Report as an addendum thereto. However, in terms of provisions

of the ﬁrst proviso to Section 136(1) of the Act, this Annual

Report is being sent to the members of the Company excluding

the aforesaid information. The said information is available

for inspection and any member interested in obtaining such

information may write to the Company Secretary for the same.

employees stock option plans (esops)

The information pursuant to the provisions of the Act and

Regulation 14 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations,

2021, relating to ESOPs of the Company, is annexed to this

Report as “annexure 4” and has been uploaded on the website

of the Company and can be accessed through web link https://

www.birlasoft.com/company/investors/policies-reports-filings.

Certificate from Dr. K. R. Chandratre, Practising Company

Secretary (FCS No.: 1370 and CP No.: 5144), the Secretarial

Auditor of the Company, confirming that the schemes have been

implemented in accordance with the said SEBI Regulations,

would be placed at the ensuing AGM of the Company for

inspection by the members.

disclosure under the sexual harassment

of women at workplace (prevention,

prohiBition and redressal) act, 2013

The Company has a zero tolerance towards sexual harassment

at the workplace and has adopted a policy on prevention and

prohibition of sexual harassment at workplace and has also

put in place a redressal mechanism for resolving complaints

received with respect to sexual harassment and discriminatory

employment practices for all genders. The Company has

constituted Internal Complaints Committee which is responsible

for redressal of complaints related to sexual harassment. As part

of the orientation programs for all new joinees, the Company

mandates that they complete an e-learning module on the same

as well.

During the year under review, one complaint of sexual harassment

was received by the Company. Details as per the provisions of

Sections 21 and 22 of the Sexual Harassment of Women at

Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013, are

as under:

Number of cases pending

at the beginning of the

financial year

Nil

Number of complaints filed

during the financial year

1

Number of cases pending

at the end of the financial

year

Nil

Details

of

workshops

or

awareness

programs

against sexual harassment

carried out

The Company regularly conducts

necessary awareness programs for

its employees and all employees

are provided detailed education

during the induction

Nature of action taken by

the employer or district

officer

A stern action was decided to be

taken in this matter. However,

before it could be implemented,

the employee resigned.

deposits

During the financial year under review, the Company did not

accept deposits covered under Chapter V of the Act.

policy on directors’ appointment and

remuneration

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 134(3)(e) of the Act, the

policy of the Company on the appointment and remuneration

of Directors including criteria for determining qualifications,

positive attributes, independence of a director and other matters

provided under Section 178(3) of the Act is annexed to this Report

as “annexure 5”. This Nomination and Remuneration Policy as

approved by the Board is available on the Company’s website

and can be accessed through the web link https://www.birlasoft.

com/company/investors/policies-reports-filings.

particulars of loans, Guarantees or

investments under section 186 of the act

The details of loans, guarantees and investments, if any, which are

covered under the provisions of Section 186 of the Act are given in

the notes to the Financial Statements.

related party transactions

The Company has adequate procedures for identification and

monitoring of related party transactions. All the transactions

entered into with the related parties during the financial year

were on arm’s length basis and were in the ordinary course of

business. All related party transactions were placed before the

Audit Committee and the Board for approval, wherever required.

Prior omnibus approval of the Audit Committee is obtained for

the transactions that are repetitive in nature. These transactions

are reviewed by the Audit Committee on a quarterly basis.

For details on related party transactions, members may refer

to the notes to the financial statements. The Policy on Related

Party Transactions as approved by the Board is available on the

Company’s website and can be accessed through the web link

https://www.birlasoft.com/company/investors/policies-reports-

filings.

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 134(3)(h) of the Act, the

particulars of contracts or arrangements with related parties

referred to in Section 188(1) of the Act and prescribed in Form

AOC-2 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, is annexed to this

Report as “annexure 6”.

material chanGes and commitments

There are no material changes and commitments affecting the

financial position of the Company that have occurred between the

end of the financial year of the Company to which the financial

statements relate and till the date of this Report.

siGnificant and material orders

There are no significant and material orders passed by any

regulators or courts or tribunals against the Company impacting

the going concern status and Company’s operations in future.

risk manaGement policy

The Company has constituted a Risk Management Committee

(“RMC”) of the Board to review the risk management plan/

process of the Company. The RMC assists the Board in its

oversight of the Company’s management of key risks, including:

Managing Director of the Company from any of its subsidiary

company.

acknowledGments

Your Directors take this opportunity to thank all the members of

the Company for their continued support.

Your Directors thank all the customers, vendors, investors and

bankers for their continued support during the year. Your Directors

place on record their appreciation to the contribution made by the

employees at all levels. The Company’s consistent growth was

made possible by their hard work, solidarity, co-operation and

support.

Your Directors further thank the governments of various

countries where the Company has its operations. Your Directors

also thank the Government of India, particularly the Ministry of

Communication and Information Technology, the Ministry of

Commerce, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Corporate

Affairs, the Customs and Indirect Taxes Departments, the

Income Tax Department, the Reserve Bank of India, the State

Governments, the Software Development Centres (SDCs)/

Special Economic Zones (SEZs) – Pune, Noida, Mumbai,

Navi Mumbai, Chennai, Bengaluru, Hyderabad and all other

government agencies for their support and look forward to their

continued support in the future.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

New Jersey

May 23, 2022

Amita Birla

chairman

DIN: 00837718:

managing director

DIN: 08443715

New Jersey

May 23, 2022

Sneha Padve

company secretary

Noida

Chandrasekar Thyagarajan

chief financial officer

New Jersey:

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure and forms an integral part of this report.:

letter:

1)

Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. My responsibility is to express an

opinion on these secretarial records based on my audit.

2)

I have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of

the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test-check basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in

secretarial records. I believe that the process and practices, I followed provide a reasonable basis for my opinion.

3)

I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of accounts of the Company.

4)

Wherever required, I have obtained Management Representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and happening

of events, etc.

5)

The compliance of the provisions of corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of

management. My examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test-check basis.

6)

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with

which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

dr. k. r. chandratre

FCS No.: 1370, C. P. No.: 5144

Place: Pune

Date: 23 May, 2022

UDIN: F001370D000371575

Peer Review Certificate No.: 1206/2021

annexure 3

the ratio of the remuneration of each director to the median employee’s remuneration

and other details in terms of section 197(12) of the act, read with rule 5(1) of the companies

(appointment and remuneration of manaGerial personnel) rules, 2014

sr.

no.

particulars

disclosure

i.

The ratio of the remuneration of each Director to the median

remuneration of the employees for the financial year.

Amita Birla

4.17

Chandrakant Birla

1.67

Ashok Kumar Barat

2.50

Anant Talaulicar

2.08

Alka Bharucha

1.67

Nandita Gurjar

1.67

Dharmander Kapoor*

167.58

ii.

The percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, CFO, CS in

the financial year.

Amita Birla

0.00

Chandrakant Birla

0.00

Ashok Kumar Barat

0.00

Anant Talaulicar

0.00

Alka Bharucha

0.00

Nandita Gurjar

0.00

Dharmander Kapoor*

268.63

Sneha Padve (CS)*

128.30

Chandrasekar Thyagarajan#

N.A.

#Not applicable as figures for 2020-21 are for part of the

year.

iii.

The increase in the median remuneration of employees in the financial

year.

22.50%

iv.

The number of permanent employees on the rolls of the Company.

10,122 employees as on March 31, 2022.

v.

Average percentile increase already made in the salaries of employees

other than the Managerial Personnel in the last financial year and its

comparison with the percentile increase in the managerial remuneration

and justification thereof and point out if there are any exceptional

circumstances for increase in the managerial remuneration.

Average percentage increase in salaries of employees other

than Managerial Personnel is 17.42%.

Average increase in the remuneration of Directors and other

Key Managerial Personnel is 201.14%*.

vi.

It is affirmed that the remuneration paid is as per the Remuneration Policy of the Company.

*NOTE: The increase in the figures and percentages is much higher as compared to FY 2020-21 primarily on account of increase in

perquisite value of stock incentives exercised during the year. The increase in perquisite value of stock incentives exercised during the

year also includes the impact of increase in share price.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

New Jersey

Amita Birla

May 23, 2022

chairman

DIN: 00837718:

Managing Director/Whole-time

Director/Manager

(including

Chief

Executive

Officer/Manager, in case they are not part of the

Board of Directors), and shall specifically include

Company Secretary and Chief Financial Officer.

b)

Unless the context otherwise requires, words and

expressions used in this policy and not defined herein

but defined in the Act and the SEBI (LODR) Regulations,

2015, as may be amended from time to time, shall have

the meaning respectively assigned to them therein.

3. oBJective of the policy

a)

The objective of this Policy is to outline a framework

to ensure that the Company’s remuneration levels

are aligned with industry practices and are sufficient

to attract and retain competent directors on the

Board, KMP and the Senior Management Personnel

of the quality required, while allowing fair rewards for

the achievement of key deliverables and enhanced

performance. The key objectives of this Policy include:

i)

guiding the Board in relation to appointment and

removal of Directors, Key Managerial Personnel

and Senior Management;

ii)

specifying the manner for effective evaluation of

the performance of the members of the Board

individually, Board as a whole and Committees

thereof, and review its implementation and

compliance.

iii)

recommending to the Board the remuneration,

in whatever form, payable to the Directors, Key

Managerial Personnel and Senior Management.

b)

While determining the remuneration for the Directors

(including Non-Executive Directors) and KMP and the

Senior Management Personnel, regard should be made

to prevailing market conditions, business performance

and practices in comparable companies, as also to

financial and commercial health of the Company as well

as prevailing laws and government/other guidelines, to

ensure that pay structures are appropriately aligned and

the level of remuneration remain appropriate.

annexure 5

nomination and remuneration policy

c)

While designing the remuneration package it should be

ensured that:

i)

the level and composition of remuneration is

reasonable and sufficient to attract, retain and

motivate the person, to ensure the quality required

to run the Company successfully;

ii)

there is a balance between fixed and incentive pay,

reflecting short-term and long-term performance

objectives appropriate to the working of the

Company and its goals.

d)

Some part of the remuneration package may be linked

to the achievement of corporate performance targets

of the Company and a strong alignment of interest with

stakeholders.

e)

The Committee may consult with the Chairman of the

Board as it deems appropriate.

f)

The Committee shall observe the set of principles

and objectives as envisaged under the Act (including

Section 178 thereof), rules framed there under and the

SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, including, inter-alia,

principles pertaining to determining qualifications,

positives attributes, integrity and independence.

4. applicaBility

This policy is applicable to:

a)

Directors, including Non-Executive Directors;

b)

Key Managerial Personnel; and

c)

Senior Management Personnel.

5. committee constitution and details

The Committee shall comprise of at least three Directors,

all of whom shall be non-executive directors and at least

half shall be Independent Directors, the Chairperson being

an Independent Director, or of such number of Directors as

would be required under applicable laws. The Chairperson

of the Company (whether or not a non-executive director)

may be a member of the Committee but shall not chair such

Committee. The Chairperson of this Committee or in case

of his absence, any other person authorised by him shall

attend the general meetings of the Company. The meeting

of the Committee shall be held at such intervals as may be

required and it may meet, convene and conduct meetings

through video conferencing or audio-visual means, as may

be provided by the Company. The Company Secretary of

the Company shall act as the Secretary of the Committee.

A member of the Committee is not entitled to be present

when his or her own remuneration is discussed at a meeting

or when his or her performance is being evaluated. The

Committee may invite such executives, as it considers

appropriate, to be present at the meetings of the Committee.

The quorum necessary for transacting business at a meeting

of the Committee shall be two members or one-third of the

members of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee;

whichever is greater. Matters arising for determination at

Committee meetings shall be decided by a majority of votes

of members present. Any such decision shall for all purposes

be deemed a decision of the Committee. In the case of

equality of votes, the Chairman of the meeting will have a

casting vote. The Committee shall, as per the provisions of

the Act, maintain written minutes of its meetings.

6. responsiBility of the committee

The Committee is responsible for:

a)

criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes

and independence of a Director for the purpose of this

Policy;

b)

advising the Board on issues concerning principles for

remuneration and other terms of employment including

remuneration for the Directors (including Non-

Executive Directors), KMP and the Senior Management

Personnel;

c)

monitoring and evaluating programs for variable

remuneration, both on-going and those that have

ended during the year, for the Directors (including Non-

Executive Directors), KMP and the Senior Management

Personnel;

d)

monitoring and evaluating the application of this Policy;

e)

devising a policy on diversity of board of directors;

f)

monitoring and evaluating current remuneration

structures and levels in the Company; and

g)

any other responsibility as determined by the Board.

7.

powers of the committee

The Committee shall have inter-alia following powers:

a)

Conduct studies or authorise studies of issues within

the scope of the Committee and will have access to

necessary books, records, facilities and personnel of

the Company;

b)

Retain or seek advice of consultants and experts for

performance of their role under this Policy and the

costs relating thereto shall be borne by the Company;

c)

Delegate its powers or form sub-committees to perform

any of its functions or role under this Policy, subject to

approval of the Board.

8. appointment of directors, kmp and

senior manaGement personnel

a)

The Committee shall identify broad matrix of skill/

expertise and competence that the members of the

Board of the Company, KMP and Senior Management

Personnel shall possess. While identifying and

recommending the appointment of individual, the

Committee shall decide whether qualification, expertise

and experience possessed by a person are sufficient/

satisfactory for the concerned position.:

Managing Director

and subject to approval of the Board of Directors.

ii)

The Board, on the recommendation of the Committee,

shall review and approve/ratify the remuneration

payable to the Senior Management Personnel of the

Company, which shall include remuneration payable, in

whatever form.

iii)

Where any insurance is taken by the Company on behalf

of its Senior Management Personnel for indemnifying

them against any liability, the premium paid on

such insurance shall not be treated as part of the

remuneration payable to any such personnel. Provided

that if such person is proved to be guilty, the premium

paid on such insurance shall be treated as part of the

remuneration.

iv)

Remuneration to the Senior Management Personnel

may consist of the following components:

Fixed pay:

•

Senior

Management

Personnel

shall

be

eligible for a monthly remuneration as may be

recommended by the Committee and approved

by the Board of Directors in accordance with the

statutory provisions of the Act and the rules made

thereunder for the time being in force.

•

The remuneration approved shall clearly provide

break-up of the pay scale and quantum of

perquisites including, employer’s contribution

to provident fund, pension scheme, medical

expenses, club fees, etc.

Variable components:

•

The participation of the Senior Management

Personnel in a performance linked variable pay

scheme will be based on the individual and the

Company’s performance for the year, pursuant

to which the Senior Management Personnel

are

entitled

to

performance-based

variable

remuneration.

Reimbursement of expenses:

•

The Senior Management Personnel shall be

reimbursed with the expenses incurred by them as

per the applicable policies of the Company, from

time to time.

10. evaluation

of

performance

of

directors, Board as a whole and

committees thereof

The Committee shall review the performance of all the

Directors and submit its observations with the Chairman

of the Board for necessary discussion and consequential

action. The performance of Board and its various Committee

will be evaluated by the Board itself. The performance shall

be reviewed for every financial year either at the end of the

year or beginning of next year.

The Independent Directors shall annually:

a)

review the performance of Non-Independent Directors

and the Board as a whole; and

b)

review the performance of the Chairperson of the

Company, taking into account the views of Executive

Directors and Non-Executive Directors.

The Board of Directors (with the individual director being

evaluated recusing himself/herself at the relevant time)

shall also annually review the performance of individual

Directors, Board as a whole and its Committees.

This evaluation will be based on the responses of individual

Directors/Committee

Members

on

the

structured

questionnaires. The Committee/Board can also engage any

external consultant for the purpose of evaluation.

The Board/Committee may evaluate the Directors on

following factors, including:

a)

Attendance at Board meetings and Board Committee

meetings;

b)

Chairmanship of the Board and Board Committees;

c)

Contribution and deployment of knowledge and

expertise at the Board and Committee meetings;

d)

Guidance and support provided to senior management

of the Company outside the Board meetings;

e)

Independence of behaviour and judgment; and

f)

Impact and influence.

Further, pursuant to Regulation 17(10) of the SEBI (LODR)

Regulations, 2015, the evaluation of the Independent:

managing director

New Jersey

DIN: 08443715

conservation of enerGy



The Company has replaced 15-year-old HVAC system of the

SDB-2 building with new technology energy efficient VRF

system which will save approx. 10% of total AC consumption

of the SDB-2 building considering the full occupancy.



Your Company has also replaced the conventional type AC

of the SDB-1 building data centre with energy efficient PAC

system. This will control the humidity inside the data center

and therefore, will reduce the 35000 KWH units per annum.

Green initiatives



Induction of electric vehicles in Bengaluru, Pune and

Hyderabad offices - As a step towards contribution to a

greener environment, and in line with Birlasoft’s commitment

to environmental sustainability, we have introduced the EV

vehicle for Birlasoft offices of Bengaluru, Hyderabad and

Pune. We have been one of the early adopters in using this

technology for transport operations.

occupational

health

and

safety

assessment series (ohsas)

insurance policies:

At Birlasoft, to ensure the health and fitness of the employees,

we have implemented three Insurance policies viz. Group

Mediclaim Insurance Policy (“GMC”), Group Personal Accident

Policy (“GPA”) and Group Term Life Insurance Policy (“GTL”)

and it is mandatory for all the employees to get covered under

all these policies. The GMC provides the insurance coverage

facility to the employees and their families, under the event

of hospitalization due to any disease or IPD treatment. In the

present era of pandemic in order to take care of employees we

have also provided an option of Policy TOP-UP where employees

can take an additional coverage of upto Rupees 10 lakhs Sum

Insured (on payment) over and above the base cover. Home-

Quarantine aspect is also covered under the GMC policy. The GPA

provides the insurance coverage to all the employees, in case of

an accident during or after working hours. Similarly, GTL provides

the insurance coverage to the employees, in case of deaths which

could be natural, accidental or suicidal.

Birlasoft ensures well-being and healthy lifestyle for employees

and their family members through its premier healthcare

program - Bcares.

annexure 8

information on conservation of enerGy, technoloGy aBsorption and foreiGn exchanGe

earninGs and outGo stipulated under section 134(3)(m) of the companies act, 2013, read

with rule 8 of the companies (accounts) rules, 2014

Bcares vision is to inspire, create and maintain holistic well-being

of employees. This program is built on five pillars of wellness

viz physical wellness, mental wellness, financial stability, social

wellness and workplace wellness:

Under physical wellness, each employee is encouraged to

maintain a healthy and disease-free lifestyle through various

specially curated programs and health offerings. Employees and

their family members are encouraged to maintain good mental

health through Employee Assistance Program (EAP). We also

conduct numerous talk sessions and 1-1 counselling sessions

to assist employees and their family members handle various

issues.

To meet financial goals and achieve stability, we help and guide

on ‘Investment Planning’ and ‘Financial Compliance’ and also

help to manage current and future economic situations. There are

various initiatives which form part of social wellness like talent

tribes, etc. These initiatives also provide a platform to connect

like-minded people, pursue hobbies and engage in social

development areas. To ensure workplace wellness, Birlasoft

takes all necessary measures to ensure safety, security, and well-

being of employees.

wellness activities

Wellness initiatives were focused on holistic well-being and were

conducted virtually during the COVID-19 pandemic:

•

Taskforce of leaders and senior managers was formed to

plan wellness initiatives during COVID-19.

•

Established 24*7 COVID-19 helpdesk to support employees.

•

Mass inoculation of employees and their family members in

all the centers.

•

COVID-19 Aid fund was established to support the family of

deceased employees.

•

Employee could claim the expenses for home quarantine

and hospitalization.:

letter and

spirit in the preparation of financial statements, taking into

account the interest of the stakeholders and the annual audit

is conducted by an independent and qualified auditor. Investor

updates are uploaded on the Company’s website on quarterly

basis and also intimated to the stock exchanges for the benefit of

its stakeholders. Further, additional updates are provided to the

stakeholders on any matter that concerns them, as and when the

circumstances arise.

Our Board periodically reviews its corporate strategies, annual

budgets and sets, implements and monitors corporate objectives.

It effectively monitors the Company’s governance practices and

ensures transparent Board processes. Further, it appoints and

compensates the key executives, monitors their performance

and strives to maintain overall integrity of the accounting and

financial reporting systems.

i.

Board of directors

a.

size and composition of the Board of directors (the ‘Board’)

We have a judicious mix of Executive, Non-Executive and

Independent Directors on the Board, which is essential to

separate the two main Board functions viz. governance and

management. The composition of the Board is in conformity

with the Regulation 17(1) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations,

2015. Out of the total strength of seven Directors as on

March 31, 2022, four are Independent Directors (of which

two are Women Directors), two are Non-Executive Directors

and one is an Executive Director. The Board members come

from diverse backgrounds and possess rich experience

and expertise in various fields. The Board composition and

directorships held by each Director both in the Company as

well as outside the Company is detailed in Table 1.

corporate Governance report

table 1: the composition of the Board and the number of directorships held by them as on march 31, 2022

sr.

no.

name of

director

category of

directorship at

Birlasoft

relationship between

directors inter-se

no. of director

ships held

in public

companies*

name & category of directors in other listed

companies

no. of committee

position(s) in public

companies#@

member

chairperson

1

Amita Birla

Non-Executive,

Non-Independent

Director - Chairman

related to Promoter

Yes

(Spouse of

Chandrakant Birla)

4

1.

Orient Cement Limited - Non-Executive,

Non-Independent Director

1

Nil

2

Chandrakant

Birla

Non-Executive,

Non-Independent

Director

Yes

(Spouse of

Amita Birla)

8

1.

Orient Cement Limited - Non-Executive,

Non-Independent Director - Chairman

2.

Orient Paper & Industries Limited – Non-Executive,

Non-Independent Director – Chairman related to

Promoter

3.

Orient Electric Limited – Non-Executive,

Non-Independent Director – Chairman related to

Promoter

4.

HIL Limited – Non-Executive, Non-Independent

Director – Chairman related to Promoter

Nil

Nil

3

Ashok

Kumar Barat

Non-Executive,

Independent

Director

None

7

1.

Bata India Limited - Non-Executive, Independent

Director

2.

DCB Bank Limited - Non-Executive, Independent

Director

3.

Cholamandalam Investment and Finance

Company Limited - Non-Executive, Independent

Director

4.

Huhtamaki India Limited - Non-Executive,

Independent Director

5.

Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited - Non-Executive,

Independent Director

7

5

4

Anant

Talaulicar

Non-Executive,

Independent

Director

None

9

1.

The Hi-Tech Gears Limited – Non-Executive,

Non-Independent Director

2.

KPIT Technologies Limited - Non-Executive,

Independent Director

3.

India Nippon Electricals Limited - Non-Executive,

Independent Director

4.

Everest Industries Limited – Non-Executive,

Independent Director – Chairman

5.

Endurance Technologies Limited – Non-Executive,

Independent Director

6

1

5

Alka

Bharucha

Non-Executive,

Independent

Director

None

9

1.

Ultratech Cement Limited - Non-Executive,

Independent Director

2.

Orient Electric Limited - Non-Executive,

Independent Director

3.

Hindalco Industries Limited - Non-Executive,

Independent Director

4.

Honda India Power Products Limited -

Non-Executive, Independent Director

5.

Aditya Birla Sun life AMC Limited - Non-Executive,

Independent Director

10

4

6

Nandita

Gurjar

Non-Executive,

Independent

Director

None

3

1.

Galaxy Surfactants Limited - Non-Executive,

Independent Director

2

Nil

7

Dharmander

Kapoor

Executive Director

(CEO & Managing

Director)

None

1

Nil

1

Nil

*including directorship in Birlasoft Limited.

@includes only Audit Committee & Stakeholders Relationship Committee in all public limited companies including Birlasoft Limited.

#Memberships include Chairmanship.:

Managing Director of the Company. The

authorities and responsibilities of each of the above Directors

are clearly demarcated as under:

The Chairman guides the team in overseeing business,

management of key external relationships and managing

Board matters. She also plays a strategic role in Community

Initiatives and Corporate Governance.

The CEO &: Managing Director is in-charge of the overall

management of the Company. He is specifically responsible

for all day-to-day operational issues like planning and

executing business, reviewing and guiding the country

offices, customer delivery units and support functions

and ensuring efficient and effective functioning of the

organization as a whole.

The Independent Directors ensure Board effectiveness and

maintaining high-quality governance of the organization.

The Board of Directors oversees functioning of the

management and protects long-term interests of our

stakeholders.

G.

term of directors

As per the current laws in India, Independent Directors can

hold office for a term of five years which can be extended

for another period of five years. In the Annual General

Meeting (the “AGM”) held on August 7, 2019, the members

appointed Ashok Kumar Barat and Nandita Gurjar for a term

of five years, with effect from January 15, 2019. Further,

Anant Talaulicar and Alka Bharucha were appointed as

Independent Directors, for a term of five years from October

21, 2017 and May 23, 2018 respectively.

Amita Birla was appointed as the

managing director

Salary

26.76

Employer’s contribution to

Provident Fund (“PF”)

1.54

Leave Encashment

0.72

Variable Performance Incentive

11.95

Long Term Incentive

10.52

Perquisites

149.37

Others

0.23

Notice Period

3 months

Severance Fees

Notice Pay

total

201.09

notes:

1.

In accordance with the definition of perquisites under the

Income Tax Act, 1961, remuneration includes the following:

a.

Value of stock incentives only on those shares that have

been exercised during the financial year. Accordingly, the

value of stock incentives granted during the financial year

is not included.

b.

Since Employer’s contribution to PF is mentioned

separately, it has been excluded from perquisites value.

c.

Perquisites value includes interest on employer’s

contribution to PF exceeding ` 7.5 lakhs.

2.

Others include non-taxable allowances.

3.

Remuneration excludes provision for gratuity, as separate

actuarial valuation for Directors is not available.

During the year, Dharmander Kapoor was not granted any

stock options and/or Restricted Stock Units. He was allotted

350,000 shares under the Special Purpose Birlasoft -

Employee Stock Option Plan 2019 of the Company.

Under Section 197 of the Act, a Director who is neither

in the whole-time employment of the Company nor a: Managing Director (“Non-Executive Directors”), may be

paid remuneration by way of commission if the members

of the Company, authorize such payment. However, the

remuneration paid to all such Non-Executive Directors taken

together should not exceed 1% of the net profits of the

Company in any relevant financial year, if the Company has a

Managing or a Whole-time Director or a Manager. The Board

of Directors of the Company has approved a commission

of ` 16.50 million (previous year ` 16.50 million) to the

Non-Executive Directors of the Company for the financial

year 2021-22. There is no other remuneration to the Non-

Executive Directors, except sitting fees for the meetings

attended by them. The details of remuneration to the Non-

Executive Directors for the financial year 2021-22 are given

in Table 11.

table 11: remuneration to non-executive directors

(Amount in ` million)

name of director

commission

sitting fees

Amita Birla –

Managing Director, in excess of 5% of the

net profits of the Company and therefore, to

increase the overall maximum managerial

remuneration limit from 11% to 15%, for the

financial year 2021-22.

B.

special resolution through postal Ballot

During the year under review, the Company has not passed

any special resolution through Postal Ballot.

The Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held

on May 23, 2022 has, subject to approval of the members of

the Company by way of Special Resolution through Postal

Ballot and subject to approvals of statutory, regulatory

or governmental authorities as may be required under

applicable laws, approved the proposal to buyback up

to 7,800,000 fully paid-up equity shares of face value of

` 2/- each representing upto 2.79% of the total number of

equity shares in the paid-up share capital of the Company,

at a price of ` 500/- per equity share payable in cash, for

an aggregate amount not exceeding ` 3,900 million/-

(excluding transaction costs, applicable taxes and other

incidental and related expenses) through the “tender offer”

route as prescribed under the Securities and Exchange

Board of India (Buy-back of Securities) Regulations, 2018.

procedure for postal Ballot

The postal ballot will be carried out as per the provisions

of Sections 108 and 110 and other applicable provisions of

the Act, read with the Rules framed thereunder and in line

with the General Circular Nos. 14/2020 dated April 8, 2020,

17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, 22/2020 dated June 15,

2020, 33/2020 dated September 28, 2020, 39/2020 dated

December 31, 2020, 10/2021 dated June 23, 2021, 20/2021

dated December 8, 2021, and 3/2022 dated May 5, 2022,

issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs and in accordance

with Regulation 44 & other applicable provisions of the SEBI

(LODR) Regulations, 2015, for the time being in force and as

amended from time to time.

c.

means of communication

a)

quarterly results

The Company’s quarterly financial results are posted on

the Company’s website. During the financial year, the

financial results were published in Financial Express,

Indian Express and Loksatta. Financial results and all

material information are also regularly provided to the

stock exchanges as per the requirements of the SEBI

(LODR) Regulations, 2015 and are available on their

websites.

table 14 – details of publication of financial results in

newspapers

date of

publication

particulars

newspaper

May 22,

2021

Audited consolidated financial

results for the quarter and year

ended March 31, 2021.

The Financial

Express, Indian

Express & Loksatta

July 29,

2021

Unaudited consolidated

financial results for the quarter

ended June 30, 2021.

The Financial

Express, Indian

Express & Loksatta

October 27,

2021

Unaudited consolidated

financial results for the

quarter and half year ended

September 30, 2021.

The Financial

Express, Indian

Express & Loksatta

January 28,

2022

Unaudited consolidated

financial results for the quarter

and nine months ended

December 31, 2021.

The Financial

Express, Indian

Express & Loksatta

b)

news releases

The official news releases are intimated to the stock

exchanges and are also uploaded on the Company’s

website.

c)

presentations to the institutional investors/analysts

The detailed investor updates/presentations are sent to

the stock exchanges on the Company’s quarterly, half-

yearly as well as annual financial results and same are

made available to the investors and financial analysts.

Further, the Company hosts earnings call with the

Investors/Analysts after publishing its quarterly results

and the details of the earnings call are uploaded on the

stock exchanges. The transcripts of the earnings call

with the investors/analysts are also uploaded on the

Company’s website.

d)

company’s website

The Company’s website https://www.birlasoft.com/

company/investors contains a separate section on

“Investors”, where relevant information is available.

e)

communication to members

The Company has sent individual letters to the

members as per records, for claiming unclaimed/

unpaid dividend/dematerialization of shares/updating

PAN, Bank Account details, Nomination and other KYC

details followed by reminders.

The formats for updating the above details are

available on the Company’s website at https://www.

birlasoft.com/company/investors/policies-reports-

filings#Shareholders-info.

f)

designated e-mail id

The Company has a designated e-mail ID, namely

grievances@birlasoft.com for the shareholders.

g)

stock exchange filings

NSE

Electronic

Application

Processing

System

(NEAPS) is a web-based application designed by

the National Stock Exchange of India Limited for

corporates. All periodical and other compliance filings

are filed electronically on NEAPS.

BSE Limited’s Listing Centre is a web-based application

designed for corporates. All periodical and other

compliance filings are filed electronically on the Listing

Centre.

h)

seBi complaints redress system (scores)

Investor complaints are processed at the Securities and

Exchange Board of India in a centralized web-based

complaints redress system. The salient features of

this system are centralised database of all complaints,

online upload of Action Taken Reports (ATRs) by

concerned companies and online viewing by investors

of actions taken on the complaints and their current

status.

v. General shareholder information

1.

registered office:

35 & 36, Rajiv Gandhi Infotech Park,

Phase - I, MIDC, Hinjawadi, Pune – 411057.

Tel. No.: +91-20-66525000,

Fax No.: +91-20-66525001, Website: www.birlasoft.com.

2.

date of incorporation:

December 28, 1990

3.

registration no./cin:

L72200PN1990PLC059594

4.

details of annual General meeting (“aGm”):

i.

day & date –

Wednesday, August 3, 2022

ii. time –

04:00 P.M. IST

iii. venue -

The Company is conducting the AGM through Video Conferencing/Other Audio

Visual Means (“VC/OAVM”) pursuant to the Circulars issued by the Ministry of

Corporate Affairs and as such, there is no requirement to have a venue for the

AGM. For details, please refer the Notice of this AGM.

5.

record date for final dividend:

Friday, July 15, 2022:

Managing Director of the Cummins Group

in India from March 2004 through October 2017 and the

President of the Cummins Inc. Components Group from 2010

through 2014. He has also served as the: Managing

manaGinG director

This is to certify that Birlasoft Limited (“the Company”) has laid down Code of Ethics, Conduct & Professional Responsibility Policy (“the

Code of Conduct”) for all the Board members and senior management personnel of the Company and the same is uploaded on the

website of the Company at https://www.birlasoft.com/company/investors/policies-reports-filings.

Further, I hereby certify that the members of the Board of Directors and senior management personnel have affirmed the compliance

with the Code of Conduct applicable to them during the year ended March 31, 2022.

Noida

May 20, 2022

Dharmander Kapoor

ceo &: managing director

letter dated 24 October 2019 and addendum to

the engagement: letter dated 21 May 2022.

2.

We have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate

Governance by Birlasoft Limited (“the Company”), for the

year ended 31 March 2022, as stipulated in regulations 17 to

27, clauses (b) to (i) of regulation 46(2) and paragraphs C, D

and E of Schedule V of the Securities and Exchange Board

of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015 as amended from time to time (“Listing

Regulations”) pursuant to the Listing Agreement of the

Company with Stock Exchanges.

management’s responsibility

3.

The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance as

stipulated under the listing regulations is the responsibility

of the Company’s Management including the preparation

and maintenance of all the relevant records and documents.

This responsibility includes the design, implementation and

maintenance of internal control and procedures to ensure

the compliance with the conditions of Corporate Governance

stipulated in the Listing Regulations.

auditors’ responsibility

4.

Our

examination

was

limited

to

procedures

and

implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for

ensuring the compliance of the conditions of the Corporate

Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of

opinion on the financial statements of the Company.

5.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Listing Regulations, it is

our responsibility to provide a reasonable assurance whether

the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate

Governance as stipulated in Listing Regulations for the year

ended 31 March 2022.

6.

We conducted our examination of the above corporate

governance compliance by the Company in accordance with

the Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for Special

Purposes (Revised 2016) and Guidance Note on Certification

of Corporate Governance both issued by the Institute of the

Chartered Accountants of India (the “ICAI”), in so far as

applicable for the purpose of this certificate. The Guidance

Note requires that we comply with the ethical requirements

of the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.

7.

We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements

of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control

for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical

Financial Information, and Other Assurance and Related

Services Engagements.

opinion

8.

In our opinion and to the best of our information and

according to the explanations given to us, we certify that

the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate

Governance as stipulated in the above-mentioned Listing

Regulations.

9.

We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as

to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted

the affairs of the Company.

restriction on use

10. The certificate is addressed and provided to the Members

of the Company solely for the purpose of enabling the

Company to comply with the requirement of the Listing

Regulations and should not be used by any other person

or for any other purpose. Accordingly, we do not accept or

assume any liability or any duty of care for any other purpose

or to any other person to whom this certificate is shown or

into whose hands it may come without our prior consent in

writing.

For B s r & co. llp

Chartered Accountants

Firm’s Registration No:

101248W/W-100022

Place : Pune

Date : 23 May 2022

swapnil dakshindas

Partner

Membership No:113896

UDIN: 22113896AJLKOX4181

independent auditors’ certificate on compliance with the corporate Governance

requirements

under

seBi

(listinG

oBliGations

and

disclosure

requirements)

reGulations, 2015

chief executive officer (ceo) and chief financial officer (cfo) certification

We, Dharmander Kapoor – CEO & Managing

Managing Director

b)

details of the Br head:

sr.

no.

particulars

details

1

DIN

08443715

2

Name

Dharmander Kapoor

3

Designation

CEO &: Managing

Managing Director

DIN: 08443715

Place: Pune

Date: May 23, 2022

Place: New Jersey

Date: May 23, 2022

Place : New Jersey

Date: May 23, 2022

sneha padve

Company Secretary

chandrasekar thyagarajan

Chief Financial Officer

Place: Noida

Date: May 23, 2022

Place: New Jersey

Date: May 23, 2022

standalone statement

of profit and loss

for the year ended 31 March 2022

(Amount in ` million)

note

31 march 2022

31 march 2021

income

Revenue from operations

20

20,493.75

16,405.31

Other income (net)

21

741.32

119.50

total income

21,235.07

16,524.81

expenses

Employee benefits expense

22

13,749.59

10,657.92

Finance costs

23

107.18

102.38

Depreciation and amortization expense

2

685.10

699.43

Other expenses

24

2,724.90

2,192.84

total expenses

17,266.77

13,652.57

profit before tax

3,968.30

2,872.24

tax expense

37

Current tax

931.24

761.87

Deferred tax (benefit)/charge

76.58

174.78

total tax expense

1,007.82

936.65

profit for the year

2,960.48

1,935.59

other comprehensive income

Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

Remeasurements of defined benefit plans

(35.26)

1.20

Income tax on items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss

8.88

(0.31)

Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss

Effective portion of gains / (losses) on hedging instruments in cash flow hedges

(101.51)

464.58

Income tax on items that will be reclassified to profit or loss

25.55

(145.70)

total other comprehensive income

(102.34)

319.77

total comprehensive income for the year

2,858.14

2,255.36

earnings per equity share (face value per share ` 2 each)

Basic

34

10.62

6.96

Diluted

34

10.49

6.81

Significant accounting policies

1

Notes referred to above form an integral part of the standalone financial statements

2-40

As per our report of even date attached

for B s r & co. llp

chartered accountants

firm registration number :101248w/w-100022

for and on behalf of the Board of directors of

Birlasoft limited

cin: l72200pn1990plc059594

swapnil dakshindas

Partner

Membership No. 113896

amita Birla

Chairman

DIN: 00837718

dharmander kapoor

CEO &: Managing

Managing Director

DIN: 08443715

Place: Pune

Date: May 23, 2022

Place: New Jersey

Date: May 23, 2022

Place : New Jersey

Date: May 23, 2022

sneha padve

Company Secretary

chandrasekar thyagarajan

Chief Financial Officer

Place: Noida

Date: May 23, 2022

Place: New Jersey

Date: May 23, 2022

standalone

statement of cash flows

for the year ended 31 March 2022

(Amount in ` million)

particulars

31 march 2022

31 march 2021

a]

cash flow from operatinG activities

Profit for the year

2,960.48

1,935.59

adjustments for

Income tax expense

1,007.82

936.65

(Profit)/Loss on sale of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets (net)

(19.10)

0.50

Depreciation and Amortization expenses

685.10

698.58

Interest expense

107.18

102.38

Interest income

(317.41)

(222.99)

Dividend income

(0.44)

(2.78)

Gain on sale/redemption of mutual funds

(34.39)

(3.79)

Fair value gain on financial assets (investments) at fair value through profit or loss

(2.74)

(3.19)

Provision for doubtful debts and advances (net)

2.95

56.01

Bad debts written off

1.88

76.59

Share based compensation expenses

84.92

93.07

Unrealised foreign exchange loss/(gain)

(4.82)

83.85

Operating Profit before working capital changes

4,471.43

3,750.47

adjustments for changes in working capital:

Trade receivables and unbilled revenue

(560.20)

1,728.48

Other financials assets and other assets

(230.93)

281.25

Trade Payables

154.98

(135.23)

Other financial liabilities, other liabilities and provisions

(231.40)

229.71

Cash generated from operations

3,603.88

5,854.68

Income taxes paid

(954.82)

(313.49)

net cash generated from operating activities (a)

2,649.06

5,541.19

B]

cash flow from investinG activities

Purchase of property, plant and equipment (including net movement in capital work in progress ,

capital advances and payables in respect of Property, Plant and equipment)

(603.91)

(235.05)

Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment

19.94

1.28

Purchase of bonds & index fund

(540.67)

-

Purchase of other investments

(15,809.41)

(10,070.64)

Sale of investments

14,414.88

5,568.13

Interest received

334.35

150.99

Dividend received

0.44

2.78

Bank Deposits placed

(2,368.90)

(9,063.20)

Proceeds from redemption of bank deposits

2,245.68

9,210.64

net cash used in investing activities (B)

(2,307.60)

(4,435.07)

c]

cash flow from financinG activities

Proceeds from issue of share capital and application money

78.96

1.61

Repayment of lease liabilities

(344.72)

(328.44)

Dividend paid

(1,110.82)

(553.93)

Interest and finance charges paid

(12.99)

(1.62)

net cash used in financing activities (c)

(1,389.57)

(882.38)

net increase /(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (a + B+ c)

(1,048.11)

223.74

Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year (refer note 1 below)

512.76

1,560.87

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year (refer note 1 below)

1,560.87

1,337.13

net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents during the year

(1,048.11)

223.74:

Managing Director

DIN: 08443715

Place: Pune

Date: May 23, 2022

Place: New Jersey

Date: May 23, 2022

Place : New Jersey

Date: May 23, 2022

sneha padve

Company Secretary

chandrasekar thyagarajan

Chief Financial Officer

Place: Noida

Date: May 23, 2022

Place: New Jersey

Date: May 23, 2022

company overview

Birlasoft Limited (“the Company”) is a public limited Company

incorporated under the Companies Act, 1956 and its shares

are listed on the National Stock Exchange and Bombay Stock

Exchange. The Company’s registered office is in Pune and it has

subsidiaries and branches across multiple geographies.

The Company provides Software Development, global IT

consulting to its clients, predominantly in Banking, Financial

Services and Insurance, Life Sciences and Services, Energy

Resources and Utilities and Manufacturing (which mainly

includes Discrete Manufacturing, Hi-Tech & Media, Auto and

Consumer packaged goods) verticals.

These financial statements were authorized for issue by the

Company’s Board of Directors on 23 May 2022.

1.

siGnificant accountinG policies

Basis of preparation of standalone financial statements

The

standalone

financial

statements

are

prepared

in accordance with the Indian Accounting Standards

(referred to as “Ind AS”) as prescribed under Section 133

of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Companies (Indian

Accounting Standards) Rules as amended from time to

time. The standalone financial statements are presented in

millions of Indian rupees rounded off to two decimal places,

except per share information, unless otherwise stated.

Accounting policies have been consistently applied except

where a newly issued accounting standard is initially adopted

or a revision to an existing accounting standard requires a

change in the accounting policy hitherto in use.

These financial statements have been prepared on the

historical cost basis except share based payments, defined

benefit obligations and certain financial instruments, which

are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting

period, as explained in the accounting policies below.

use of estimates

The preparation of standalone financial statements requires

the management of the Company to make judgments,

estimates and assumptions that affect the reported balances

of assets and liabilities and disclosures relating to the

contingent liabilities as at the date of the financial statements

and reported amounts of income and expenditure during the

year. Actual results could differ from estimates. Differences

between actual results and estimates are recognized in the

year in which the results are known / materialized.

critical accounting estimates

a.

revenue recognition

The Company uses the percentage-of-completion

method in accounting for its fixed-price contracts. Use

of the percentage-of-completion method requires the

Company to estimate the efforts or costs expended to

date as a proportion of the total efforts or costs to be

expended. Efforts or costs expended have been used

to measure progress towards completion as there is

a direct relationship between input and satisfaction

of performance obligation. Provisions for estimated

losses, if any, on uncompleted contracts are recorded in

the period in which such losses become probable based

on the expected contract estimates at the reporting

date.

b.

income tax & deferred tax

Significant judgments are involved in determining the

provision for income taxes, including amount expected

to be paid/recovered for uncertain tax positions. A

deferred tax asset is recognised to the extent that it

is probable that future taxable profit will be available

against which the deductible temporary differences and

tax losses can be utilised. Accordingly, the Company

exercises its judgement to reassess the carrying amount

of deferred tax assets at the end of each reporting

period.

c.

measurement of defined benefit obligation, key

actuarial assumptions and share based payments

Information

about

assumptions

and

estimation

uncertainties in respect of defined benefit obligation

and share based payment are given in note 31 and note

36 respectively.

d.

Business combinations

Business combinations are accounted for using Ind-

AS 103, Business Combinations. Ind-AS 103 requires

the identifiable intangible assets and contingent

consideration to be fair valued in order to ascertain

the net fair value of identifiable assets, liabilities

and contingent liabilities of the acquiree. Significant

estimates are required to be made in determining the

value of contingent consideration and intangible assets.

e.

leases

The Company evaluates if an arrangement qualifies

to be a lease as per the requirements of Ind AS 116.:

Managing Director

Chandrasekar Thyagarajan

(w.e.f. 21 August 2020)

Chief Financial Officer

Sneha Padve

Company Secretary

c.

List of other related parties with whom there are transactions

CK Birla Corporate Services Limited*

d.

List of relatives of:

Managing Director

DIN: 08443715

Place: Pune

Date: May 23, 2022

Place: New Jersey

Date: May 23, 2022

Place : New Jersey

Date: May 23, 2022

sneha padve

Company Secretary

chandrasekar thyagarajan

Chief Financial Officer

Place: Noida

Date: May 23, 2022

Place: New Jersey

Date: May 23, 2022:

Managing Director

DIN: 08443715

Place: Pune

Date: May 23, 2022

Place: New Jersey

Date: May 23, 2022

Place : New Jersey

Date: May 23, 2022

sneha padve

Company Secretary

chandrasekar thyagarajan

Chief Financial Officer

Place: Noida

Date: May 23, 2022

Place: New Jersey

Date: May 23, 2022

As per our report of even date attached

for B s r & co. llp

chartered accountants

firm registration number :101248w/w-100022

for and on behalf of the Board of directors of

Birlasoft limited

cin: l72200pn1990plc059594

swapnil dakshindas

Partner

Membership No. 113896

amita Birla

Chairman

DIN: 00837718

dharmander kapoor

CEO &: Managing

Managing Director

DIN: 08443715

Place: Pune

Date: May 23, 2022

Place: New Jersey

Date: May 23, 2022

Place : New Jersey

Date: May 23, 2022

sneha padve

Company Secretary

chandrasekar thyagarajan

Chief Financial Officer

Place: Noida

Date: May 23, 2022

Place: New Jersey

Date: May 23, 2022

consolidated

statement of cash flows

for the year ended 31 March 2022

(Amount in ` million)

particulars

31 march 2022

31 march 2021

a

cash flow from operatinG activities

Profit for the year

4,636.38

3,208.31

adjustments for

Income tax expense

1,530.24

1,339.68

(Profit)/Loss on sale of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets (net)

(19.08)

0.51

Depreciation and amortization expense

765.10

803.71

Interest expense

130.16

130.44

Interest income

(322.39)

(231.15)

Dividend income

(0.44)

(2.78)

Gain on sale / redemption of mutual funds

(34.46)

(3.79)

Fair value gain on financial assets (investments) at fair value through profit or loss

(2.74)

(3.19)

Provision for doubtful debts and advances (net)

(6.27)

45.59

Bad debts written off

1.88

141.21

Share based compensation expenses

132.06

112.38

Unrealised foreign exchange loss/(gain)

342.95

(140.96)

Operating profit before working capital changes

7,153.39

5,399.96

adjustments for changes in working capital:

Trade receivables and unbilled revenue

(2,166.77)

1,588.67

Other financials assets and other assets

(464.11)

(1,463.18)

Trade Payables

749.19

(545.90)

Other financial liabilities, other liabilities and provisions

(680.99)

1,265.37

Cash generated from operations

4,590.71

6,244.92

Income taxes paid

(1,783.81)

(666.50)

net cash generated from operating activities (a)

2,806.90

5,578.42

B

cash flow from investinG activities

Purchase of property, plant and equipment (including net movement in capital work-in-progress

and capital advances & payable with respect to property, plant & equipment)

(638.26)

(248.72)

Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment

20.82

2.35

Purchase of bonds & index fund

(540.67)

-

Purchase of other investments

(18,280.08)

(10,070.64)

Sale of investments

16,165.64

5,568.13

Interest received

325.74

153.82

Dividend received

0.44

2.78

Bank deposits placed

(2,366.07)

(9,062.82)

Proceeds from redemption of bank deposits

2,245.68

9,210.64

net cash used in investing activities (B)

(3,066.76)

(4,444.46)

c

cash flow from financinG activities

Proceeds from issue of share capital and application money

78.96

1.61

Repayment of lease liabilities

(405.22)

(394.87)

Dividend paid

(1,110.82)

(554.22)

Interest and finance charges paid

(30.25)

(21.21)

net cash used in financing activities (c)

(1,467.33)

(968.69)

d

exchange differences on translation of foreign currency cash and cash equivalents

(28.12)

-

net (decrease) / increase in cash and cash equivalents (a + B + c + d)

(1,755.31)

165.27

Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year (Refer note 1 below)

2,905.61

4,660.92

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year (Refer note 1 below)

4,660.92

4,495.65

net (decrease) / increase in cash and cash equivalents

(1,755.31)

165.27:

Managing Director

DIN: 08443715

Place: Pune

Date: May 23, 2022

Place: New Jersey

Date: May 23, 2022

Place : New Jersey

Date: May 23, 2022

sneha padve

Company Secretary

chandrasekar thyagarajan

Chief Financial Officer

Place: Noida

Date: May 23, 2022

Place: New Jersey

Date: May 23, 2022

company overview

Birlasoft Limited (“the Company”) is a public limited company

incorporated under the Companies Act, 1956 and its shares

are listed on the National Stock Exchange and Bombay Stock

Exchange. The Company’s registered office is in Pune and it has

subsidiaries across multiple geographies.

The Group provides Software Development, global IT consulting

to its clients, predominantly in Banking, Financial Services and

Insurance, Life Sciences and Services, Energy Resources and

Utilities and Manufacturing (which mainly includes Discrete

Manufacturing, Hi-Tech & Media, Auto and Consumer packaged

goods) verticals.

These Consolidated Financial Statements were authorised for

issue by the Group’s Board of Directors on 23 May 2022

1

siGnificant accountinG policies

1.1

Basis of consolidation

The Consolidated Financial Statements relate to Birlasoft

Limited (“the Company”), its subsidiary companies which

constitutes “the Group”.

a.

Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements

i.

The financial statements of the subsidiary

companies used in the consolidation, have been

aligned with the parent group and are drawn up to

the same reporting date as of the group, i.e. year

ended 31 March 2022.

ii.

The

consolidated

financial

statements

are

prepared in accordance with the Indian Accounting

Standards (referred to as “Ind AS”) as prescribed

under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 read

with Companies (Indian Accounting Standards)

Rules as amended from time to time. The

consolidated financial statements are presented

in millions of Indian rupees rounded off to two

decimal places, except per share information,

unless otherwise stated.

Accounting policies have been consistently applied

except where a newly issued accounting standard is

initially adopted or a revision to an existing accounting

standard requires a change in the accounting policy

hitherto in use.

These financial statements have been prepared on

the historical cost basis, accounting for share based

payments, defined benefit obligations and certain

financial instruments, which are measured at fair values

at the end of each reporting period, as explained in the

accounting policies below.

b.

principles of consolidation:

The Consolidated financial statements have been

prepared on the following basis:

i.

The financial statements of all entities are drawn

up to same reporting date as that of the parent

group i.e. 31 March 2022 for the purpose of

preparation of consolidated financial statements.

ii.

The Company consolidates all the entities over

which it has control. The Company establishes

control when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable

returns from its involvement with the entity and

has the ability to affect those returns through its

power over the entity. The financial statements

of subsidiaries are included in the consolidated

financial statements from the date on which

control commences until the date on which the

control ceases.

iii.

The financial statements of the Company and its

subsidiary companies have been combined on

a line-by-line basis by adding together the book

value of like items of assets, liabilities, income

and expenses. The intra-group balances and

intra-group transactions and unrealized profits or

losses have been fully eliminated. These financial

statements are prepared by applying uniform

accounting policies in use at the Company.

iv.

The excess of cost of acquisition to the Group

over the share of net fair value of identifiable

assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities of the

subsidiary companies, at the acquisition dates, is

recognized as ‘Goodwill on consolidation’ being

an asset in the consolidated financial statements.

Where the fair value of identifiable assets and

liabilities exceed the cost of acquisition, after

reassessing the fair values of the net assets and

contingent liabilities, the excess is recognised as

capital reserve. Goodwill is measured at cost less

accumulated impairment losses.

v.

Non-controlling interest is initially measured

either at fair value or at the proportionate share of

the subsidiary companies’ identifiable net assets.

The choice of measurement basis is made on an

acquisition-by-acquisition basis. Subsequently,

the carrying amount of non-controlling interest

is adjusted for the changes in the equity of the

subsidiary companies.

vi.

The investments in joint venture are accounted for

using equity method. The investment is initially

recognized at cost and the carrying amount is:

Managing Director.

a)

vertical segments

The Group has identified business segments (‘industry vertical’) as reportable segments. The business segments comprise:

1)

Manufacturing,

2)

Banking, Financial Services and Insurance (BFSI),

3)

Energy and Utilities,

4)

Life Sciences

Revenue, Income and expenses directly attributable to segments are reported under each reportable segment. All other

Income and expenses which are not attributable or allocable to segments have been disclosed as unallocable expenses.

Assets and liabilities used in the Group’s business are not identified to any of the reportable segments, as these are used

interchangeably between segments. The management believes that it is currently not practicable to provide segment

disclosures relating to total assets and liabilities since a meaningful segregation of the available data is onerous.

31 march 2022

31 march 2021

manufacturing

Bfsi energy and

utilities

life

sciences

total manufacturing

Bfsi energy and

utilities

life

sciences

total

a)

segment revenue

Revenue from External customers

18,494.09 7,260.99

6,097.17 9,451.25 41,303.50

14,674.91 6,429.89

5,375.36 9,077.04

35,557.20

total segment revenue

18,494.09 7,260.99

6,097.17 9,451.25 41,303.50

14,674.91 6,429.89

5,375.36 9,077.04 35,557.20

b)

segment results

5,071.66 1,948.39

2,325.67 1,180.86 10,526.58

4,488.31 1,815.59

2,145.89 1,536.46

9,986.25

Unallocated Corporate expenses

(Net)

(4,551.26)

(5,541.75)

Interest income

322.39

231.15

Finance Cost

(130.16)

(130.44)

Dividend income

0.44

2.78

Exceptional Items

(1.37)

-

profit before tax

6,166.62

4,547.99

Income Tax

(1,523.68)

(1,172.95)

Deferred Tax

(6.56)

(166.73)

profit/ (loss) after tax

4,636.38

3,208.31

c) Depreciation / Amortisation

765.10 #

803.71 #

d)

Non cash expenses other than

Depreciation / Amortisation

- #

- #

B)

Geographical segments

31 March 2022

31 March 2021

USA

UK &

Europe

Rest of

World

Total

USA

UK &

Europe

Rest of

World

Total

a)

Segment Revenue

33,894.08 4,551.45

2,857.97 41,303.50

27,470.77

4,762.06

3,324.61 35,557.44

b)

Non current assets*

3,660.82

882.04

3,334.56

7,877.42

3,569.60

792.50 3,292.38

7,654.48

*

Non-current assets include assets other than financial instruments, deferred tax assets and post employment benefit

assets which include amounts expected to be recovered more than twelve months after the reporting period.

#

The cost incurred during the year to acquire Segment fixed assets, Depreciation / Amortisation and non-cash expenses

are not attributable to any reportable segment.

c)

major customer

Revenue from one customer, Nil (Previous year ` 3,768.88 million)(Life Science and Services segment), individually accounts

for more than 10% of group’s revenue.:

Managing Director

Chandrasekar Thyagarajan

(w.e.f. 21 August 2020)

Chief Financial Officer

Sneha Padve

Company Secretary

c.

list of other related parties with whom there are transactions

CK Birla Corporate Services Limited*

d.

list of relatives of: director's and kmp's

Siddhant Padve

* As the company and CK Birla Corporate Services Limited use the same ‘CK Birla’ brand and are disclosed as being part of the same ‘Group’ on

the website operated by CK Birla Corporate Services Limited, from a good governance perspective the transaction is being reported as a ‘related

party transaction’ under the applicable accounting standards.

# During the year, Birlasoft GmbH, a wholly owned step-down subsidiary of the Company has been liquidated.

e.

summary of transactions with related parties

particulars

directors interested

companies

kmp

relatives of director's

and kmp's

others

total

31 mar

2022

total

31 mar

2021

31-mar-22

31-mar-21 31-mar-22

31-mar-21 31-mar-22

31-mar-21 31-mar-22

31-mar-21

i

transaction during the year

Sales

12.41

7.70

-

-

-

-

8.57

8.30

20.98

16.00

Reimbursement of Expenses

-

-

0.20

0.14

-

-

-

-

0.20

0.14

Other Expenses

-

-

-

-

-

-

51.26

46.07

51.26

46.07

Dividend

-

-

2.42

1.21

-

-

451.63

225.81

454.05

227.02

Remuneration (including salary,

perquisites, employment benefit plans)

-

-

244.18

69.80

0.36

0.03

-

-

244.54

69.83

Commission and sitting fees paid

-

-

27.17

32.39

-

-

-

-

27.17

32.39

ii

outstanding Balance at year end

Trade Receivable

2.58

3.30

-

-

-

-

2.14

8.27

4.72

11.57

Other Receivable / (Payable)

-

-

1.80

1.50

-

-

0.21

(10.10)

2.01

(8.60)

f.

transactions with related parties

relationship

transaction

related party name

31 march 2022

31 march 2021

Managing Director

DIN: 08443715

Place: Pune

Date: May 23, 2022

Place: New Jersey

Date: May 23, 2022

Place : New Jersey

Date: May 23, 2022

sneha padve

Company Secretary

chandrasekar thyagarajan

Chief Financial Officer

Place: Noida

Date: May 23, 2022

Place: New Jersey

Date: May 23, 2022:

managing director of the

company

To consider and approve re-appointment of Dharmander

Kapoor (DIN: 08443715) as Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”)

&: Managing

letter, etc. along with attested specimen signature of the duly

authorized signatory(ies), authorizing its representative to

attend the AGM through VC/OAVM facility on its behalf and

to vote through remote e-voting, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail

through its registered e-mail ID to jbbhave@gmail.com with

a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in.

12. Attendance of the members participating in the AGM

through VC/OAVM facility shall be counted for the purpose

of reckoning the quorum under Section 103 of the Act.

Further, all resolutions mentioned in this Notice shall be

passed through the facility of remote e-voting and e-voting

at the AGM.

13. In case of joint holders attending the AGM through VC/OAVM

facility, only such joint holder who is higher in the order of

names as per the Register of Members or in the Register of

Beneficial Owners maintained by the Depositories will be

entitled for e-voting at the AGM.

14. Facility to join the AGM shall be opened 20 (twenty) minutes

before the scheduled time of the AGM and shall be kept

open for the members throughout the proceedings of the

AGM. The procedure to join the AGM is mentioned in the

“Instructions for electronic voting by members” annexed

hereto.

15. The facility of participation at the AGM through VC/OAVM,

provided by NSDL, allows participation for 1,000 members

on first-come-first-served basis principle. This will not

include large members (members holding 2% or more

shareholding), Promoters, Institutional Investors, Directors,

Key Managerial Personnel, the Chairpersons of the Audit

Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee and

Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Auditors, etc. who

are allowed to attend the AGM without any restriction on

account of first-come-first-served basis principle.

16. If the final dividend, as recommended by the Board of

Directors, is approved at the AGM, payment of such dividend

subject to Deduction of Tax at Source (“TDS”) will be made

within the statutory time limit of 30 days.

Payment of such dividend shall be made through electronic

mode to the members who have updated their bank account

details. In the event the Company is unable to pay dividend

to any member through electronic mode, due to non-

registration of the electronic bank mandate, the Company

shall dispatch the dividend warrant/bankers’ cheque/

demand draft to such member.

17.

In terms of the provisions of the Income-tax Act, 1961,

dividend paid or distributed by a Company shall be taxable in

the hands of the members. The Company shall, therefore, be

required to deduct TDS at the time of payment of dividend at

the applicable tax rates. The rate of TDS would depend upon

the category and residential status of the member.

As it is important for the Company to receive the relevant

information from members to determine the rate of tax

deduction, the members are requested to furnish relevant

documentation in the prescribed manner on the portal of

RTA on or before friday, July 15, 2022 (06:00 p.m. ist).

The applicable TDS rate for dividends and documents to

be furnished by each category of members is given in the

“Annexure – TDS on Dividend”, annexed hereto. The relevant

documents can be uploaded on RTA portal at https://web.

linkintime.co.in/formsreg/submission-of-form-15g-15h.

html.

The information given in the said Annexure may not be

exhaustive and the members should evaluate on their

own about the category for which they should furnish the

documents. In absence of all the relevant documents, the

Company shall determine TDS rate based on information

available with the RTA (for shares held in physical form) and

the DPs (for shares held in dematerialized form).

Please note that the duly completed & signed documents

should be uploaded on the portal of the RTA on or before

friday, July 15, 2022 (06:00 p.m. ist). Ambiguous,

incomplete and/or unsigned forms and declarations will not

be considered by the Company. No communication on the

tax determination/deduction shall be considered after the

abovementioned date & time.

Members are also requested to update changes in their

Residential Status, if any, with the RTA (for shares held in

physical form) & the DPs (for shares held in dematerialized

form), along with the supporting documents.

If the PAN is not as per the database of the Income-tax portal,

it would be considered as an invalid PAN. Further, individual

members are requested to link their Aadhaar number with

the PAN.

In case TDS is deducted at a higher rate in the absence of

receipt of the specified details/documents, you would still

have the option of claiming refund of the excess tax paid at

the time of filing your income tax return, only in case your

valid PAN is registered with the RTA (for shares held in

physical form) and the DPs (for shares held in dematerialized

form). No claim shall lie against the Company for such taxes

deducted.

Members should note that any document/form not uploaded

on the portal will not be considered for the purpose of

processing and shall be rejected, therefore, it should be

uploaded on the portal only.

Members who have uploaded documents on the portal of

the RTA should also forward the originals to the Company

subsequently.

All queries with respect to TDS on dividend and

submission of relevant documentation should be sent to

tax@birlasoft.com.

Information with respect to the same is also available on

the website of the Company at https://www.birlasoft.com/

company/investors/policies-reports-filings#Shareholders-

info.

18. Members are requested to intimate changes, if any,

pertaining to their name, postal address, telephone/

mobile numbers, PAN, mandates, nominations and power

of attorney to their respective DPs in case the shares are

held by them in dematerialized form; and to the RTA of the

Company at Link Intime India Private Limited (Attention -

Sandip Pawar) Block No. 202, Akshay Complex, Off Dhole

Patil Road, Near Ganesh Temple, Pune - 411001, Telephone:

+91-20-26161629, E-mail: pune@linkintime.co.in in case the

shares are held by them in physical form.

19. Members are advised to update their PAN, KYC (Address,

Email ID, Mobile Number, Bank Account Details, Specimen

Signature, etc.) and Nomination details as mandated by

SEBI vide its circular SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/

CIR/2021/655 dated November 3, 2021, read together

with

circular

SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/

CIR/2021/687 dated December 14, 2021, to avoid freezing

of their folios on or after April 1, 2023, as per below:



members holding shares in physical form: to

the Company’s RTA - Link Intime India Private

Limited, in prescribed Form ISR - 1 and other forms

as per instructions mentioned in the form. The

Company has already sent requisite communication

to the members for furnishing these details. The

formats can be downloaded from RTA’s website at

www.linkintime.co.in > Resources > Downloads >

KYC > Formats for KYC and such formats are also

available on the Company’s website at https://www.

birlasoft.com/company/investors/policies-reports-

filings#Shareholders-info.



members holding shares in dematerialized form: to

their respective DPs as per the procedure prescribed by

them.

20. Members may further note that SEBI vide circular dated

January 25, 2022 has mandated the listed companies to

issue securities in dematerialized form only while processing

service requests, viz., issue of duplicate securities certificate;

claim

from

unclaimed

suspense

account;

renewal/

exchange of securities certificate; endorsement; sub-

division/splitting of securities certificate; consolidation of

securities certificates/folios; transmission and transposition.

Accordingly, members are requested to make service

requests by submitting the forms in the specified formats,

which are available on the website of the Company at

https://www.birlasoft.com/company/investors/policies-

reports-filings#Shareholders-info and also available on the

website of the RTA at https://linkintime.co.in/downloads.

html. It may be noted that any service request can be

processed only after the folio is KYC Compliant.

Further, SEBI vide notification dated January 24, 2022 has

amended Regulation 40 of SEBI LODR and has mandated

that all requests for transfer of securities including

transmission and transposition requests shall be processed

only in dematerialized form. In view of the same and to

eliminate all risks associated with physical shares and

avail various benefits of dematerialization, members are

therefore advised to dematerialize the shares held by them

in physical form.:

Managing Director of the Company for a period of

3 (three) years effective June 1, 2019, upto May 31, 2022, along

with other terms & conditions of appointment, including payment

of remuneration.

Upon the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee, the Board of Directors at its Meeting held on May 23,

2022, subject to the approval of members, has re-appointed DK

as CEO &: Managing

managing director in respect of any financial year

may exceed 5% of the net profits of the Company, calculated as

per Section 198 of the Act, provided the same is approved by the

members of the Company by way of a special resolution.

For the purpose of assessing the proportion of the remuneration

to the net profits of the Company, all elements of remuneration

package such as salary, benefits, bonuses, stock option, pension,

perquisite etc. are taken into consideration.

Pursuant to the approval of the Nomination and Remuneration

Committee, from time to time, Dharmander Kapoor (“DK”) – Chief

Executive Officer (“CEO”) &: Managing

Managing Director (“MD”)

of the Company. DK has a Master’s degree in Computers from Kurukshetra University, India,

and is an industry-veteran with over 30 years of experience and is recognized as a potent

thought leader in the IT industry.

DK joined Birlasoft in 2014 as its Chief Operating Officer (“COO”) and in his role as the COO,

DK managed the global delivery, business development and other enabling functions of the

Company. As its COO, DK led the divesture of Birlasoft’s legacy business paving the way for a

newer go-to-market and client engagement model for the Company. DK was elevated as the

CEO & MD of the Company in 2019 and he has shaped the Company’s strategy pivoted on the

Enterprise to the Power of Digital™ framework, focusing on next-generation digital services

offerings. He has also led the successful integration of the erstwhile Birlasoft and KPIT IT

services businesses.

DK is known to be an exceptional leader, who takes pride in building leaders and competitive

teams. He has a very keen eye on creating a balance between “fundamentals” to build

organization’s resilience and “transformation” to help the organization pursue non-linear

growth. His in-depth technical skills and impressive experience in Transformation Services

has helped Birlasoft develop key IPs (3rdEye, ValueISM, Enterprise Digital, etc.) in delivering

differentiated value to its clients. He is a regular speaker at industry events and he also is an

avid contributor in various publications through his thought leadership articles.

Painting, sharing his life lessons, reimagining and penning down his thoughts through blogs

stem out of his creativity and demonstrate his passion towards life and work.

Date of first appointment

June 1, 2019

Terms

and

conditions

of

re-

appointment

Kindly refer Explanatory Statement for Item No. 5 of this Notice.

Remuneration last drawn

Kindly refer the Corporate Governance Report section of this Annual Report.

Remuneration proposed to be given

Kindly refer Explanatory Statement for Item No. 5 of this Notice.

Number of Board meetings of the

Company attended during the year

Kindly refer report on the Corporate Governance annexed to this Annual Report.

particulars

dharmander kapoor

Listed entities in which the person

holds

the

directorship

and

the

membership of Committees of the

board along with listed entities from

which the person has resigned in the

past three years

Nil

Directorships

held

in

other

Companies/Branches (as on March 31,

2022)

a)

Birlasoft Solutions Limited (UK)

b)

Birlasoft Solutions France

c)

Birlasoft Solutions Inc. (USA)

d)

Birlasoft Consulting Inc. (USA)

e)

Birlasoft Computer Corporation (USA)

f)

Birlasoft Technologies Canada Corporation

g)

Birlasoft Solutions Ltda. (Brazil)

h)

Birlasoft Solutions Mexico S.A. DE C.V.

i)

Birlasoft Solutions ME FZE (UAE)

j)

Birlasoft (UK) Limited

k)

Birlasoft Solutions Limited – Spain Branch

Memberships/Chairmanships

of

committees of other Companies

Nil

Number of shares held in the Company

7,56,245

Relationship with other Directors and

Key Managerial Personnel or their

respective relatives

N.A.

annexure – tds on dividend

Companies paying dividend are required to withhold tax at the applicable tax rates (unless otherwise exempted, TDS rate is 10% for

resident members with valid PAN, 20% for resident members without PAN or invalid PAN and rates prescribed under the Income-tax

Act, 1961 (“IT Act”) or Tax Treaty, read with Multilateral Instruments, if applicable, for non-resident members). No withholding of tax is

applicable if the dividend payable to resident individual members is upto ` 5,000/- p.a.

Section 206AB has been introduced by the Finance Act, 2021, whereby TDS will be higher of the following:

i.

Twice the rate specified in the relevant provision of the IT Act; or

ii.

Twice the rate or rates in force; or

iii.

the rate of 5%;

in case a person has not filed his/her return of income for the assessment year relevant to the previous year immediately preceding the

financial year in which tax is required to be deducted, for which the time limit for furnishing the return of income under sub-section (1) of

section 139 has expired and the aggregate of tax deducted at source and tax collected at source in his /her case is rupees fifty thousand or

more in the said previous year. The status of filing of Return of Income by the members would be verified from the functionality provided

by the Indian Income Tax authorities. The Company would solely rely on the information available on the Income Tax portal in this regard.

In order to provide exemption from TDS or apply lower rate of TDS or consider benefit of relevant Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement

(“DTAA”) with India as may be applicable, the documents prescribed for each category of member (as per the eligibility) must be uploaded

on the portal of RTA at https://web.linkintime.co.in/formsreg/submission-of-form-15g-15h.html. The format of relevant documents is

available on the website of the Company at https://www.birlasoft.com/company/investors/policies-reports-filings#Shareholders-info.

If the documents are found in accordance with the provisions of the IT Act the same shall be considered while deducting the taxes.

If the dividend income is assessable to tax in the hands of a person other than the registered member as on the Record Date, the

registered member is required to furnish a declaration to the Company containing the name, address, PAN, beneficiary account no.

(16 digits), number of shares of the person to whom TDS credit is to be given, tax residential status of the beneficiary and reason for

giving credit to such person on or before friday, July 15, 2022 (06:00 p.m. ist). details or information received after this date will

not be considered.:

