letter dated July 19, 2022. wherein the Company intimated about the ensuing 30th

Annual Gener.ii Meeting (AGM) of the Members of the Company on Wednesday. August 24. 2022 at 09:00

A.M. through VC/OAVM. Pursuant to the General Circular issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs

vide circular <lated April 08. 2020 and April 13, 2020, May 05. 2020. Janunry 13. 202 I and May 05. 2022

(referred as 'MCA Circulars') and Circular SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD:2/CIR/P/2022/62 dated l\1ay I 3. 2022

issued by SEBI (hereinafter collcc1ivcly referred lo as "the Circulars"). companies arc allowed 10 hold

AGM through video conferencing (VC) or other audio-visual means (OA VM ). without the physical

presence of members at a common venue. In compliance with the said Circulars. the 30th AGM shall be

conducted through VC / OAVM. The <leemcd venue for the AGM shall be the Registered Office of the

Company.

Pursuant to provisions of Section 108 of the Companies Act. 2013 :md Ruic 20 of the Companies

(Management and Administmtion) Rules, 2014. us amended by the Companies (Management and

Administration) Amendment Rules. 2015 and Regulation 44 of SEBI (Listing Ohligations und Disclosure

Requircmcnls). Regulations. 2015. 1hc Company is pleased to provide memhcrs facility 10 exercise their

right to vote at the ensuing AGM by clcclronic means and the business may be 1rnnsac1ed through e-Voting

Services. The facility of cu.ȳting I.he votes hy the members using an electronic mting system from a place

other than venue of the AGM ("remote c-voting") will be provided by National Sl-curities Depository

Limited (NSDL). 1l1e facility for voting through remote e-voting shall also be made available at the AGM.

The Notice is also available on the website of the Company (www.coforc..-.mm) and National Securities

Depository Limited (NSDL). W\\'w.crntin!!.nsdl.com. inte.r ulia indicating the process and manner of e­

Voting process.

The c-voting period will be from Saturday. August 20, 2022 at 9:00 A.l\l. 1ST tiU Tuesday, August

23, 2022 at 5:00 r.l\l. 1ST. During this period shareholders of the Company may cast their vote

electronically. The e-voting module shall also be dis.lble<l for voting thereafter. Once the vote on u

resolution is cast by the shareholder, the shareholder shall not he allowed to change it subsequently.

The voting rights of memhers shall be in proponfon to their shares of the paid up equity share capital of the

Company as on the cut-off dale of Wednesday, August 17,202.2. Any person. who acquires shares of the

Company and become member of the Company after dispatch of the notice and holding shares as of lhe

Colorge Limited

(Erstwhile known as NIIT Technologies Limited)

Special Economic Zone. Plot No. TZ·2 & 2A, Sector· Tech Zone. Greater Noida (UP) - 201306, India.

Tel.: +91 120 4592 300. Fax: +91 120 4592 301 www.colorge.com

Registered Office: 8, Balaji Estate, Third Floor. Guru Ravi Das Marg. Kalkaji. New Delhi - 110 019, India

Tel.: +91 1141029297, Fax: +91 11 2641 4900

CIN: L72100OL1992PLC048753

Scanned with CamScanner:

letter signed by all the shareholders along with self-

attested copies of PAN Card and address proof to register their

email ids. Members may note that this notice is also available on

the website of the Company (www.coforge.com) and National

Securities Depository Limited (NSDL), www.evoting.nsdl.com.

4.

A Member entitled to attend and vote at the Annual General

Meeting is entitled to appoint a proxy to attend and the proxy need

not be a member of the Company. In terms of MCA Circulars

and SEBI Circulars, since the AGM is being held through VC/

OAVM, physical presence of the members have been dispensed

with. Accordingly, the facility for appointment of proxies by the

members will not be available for the AGM and hence the proxy

form and attendance slip are not annexed to this notice.

5.

Members attending the meeting through VC/OAVM shall be

counted for the purpose of ascertaining the quorum under

Section 103 of the Act.

6.

Corporate Members including Institutional Shareholders (i.e.

other than individuals /HUF, NRI, etc.) are requested to send

scanned copy of the certified true copy of the Board Resolution/

authorisation etc. authorizing their authorized representative to

attend the AGM through VC/ OAVM and vote on their behalf

through remote e-voting. The said Resolution/ Authorization

shall be sent to the Scrutinizer by email through its registered

email address to officenns@gmail.com with a copy marked to

investors@coforge.com.

7.

Members seeking any information with regard to the accounts

or any matter to be placed at the AGM, are requested to write to

the Company on or before Tuesday August 23, 2022 by 05:00

P.M. through email on investors@coforge.com. The same will

be replied by the Company suitably.

8.

Members who hold shares in physical form in multiple folios in

identical names or joint accounts in the same order of names

are requested to send share certificates to the Company for

consolidation into a single folio.

9.

Members are requested to intimate changes, if any, pertaining

to their name, postal address, email address, telephone/ mobile

numbers, Permanent Account Number (PAN), mandates,

nominations, power of attorney, bank details such as, name of the

bank and branch details, bank account number, MICR code, IFSC

code, etc. to their Depository Participants (‘DPs’) in case the shares

are held by them in electronic form and to RTA Alankit Assignments

Limited in case the shares are held by them in physical form in the

prescribed Form ISR-1 and other forms pursuant to SEBI Circular

No. SEBI/HO/ MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2021/655 dated

November 3, 2021 and SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/

CIR/2021/687 dated December 14, 2021.

10. Members may please note that SEBI vide its Circular No. SEBI/

HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_ RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8 dated January 25,

2022 has mandated the listed companies to issue securities in

dematerialized form only while processing service requests viz.

Issue of duplicate securities certificate; claim from unclaimed

suspense account; renewal/ exchange of securities certificate;

endorsement; sub-division/splitting of securities certificate;

consolidation of securities certificates/folios; transmission and

transposition. Accordingly, Members are requested to make

service requests by submitting a duly filled and signed Form ISR

– 4, the format of which is available on the Company’s website.:

letter to the Company at its Registered Office address

immediately. The Members, whose unclaimed dividends/shares

have been transferred to IEPF, may claim the same by making

an online application to the IEPF Authority in web Form No.

IEPF-5 (available on www.iepf.gov.in). For details, please refer

to corporate governance report which is a part of the Annual

Report. Pursuant to the Investor Education & Protection Fund

Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules,

2016 (IEPF Rules), the Company has uploaded the information

in respect of the Unclaimed Dividends on the website of the

IEPF viz. www.iepf.gov.in and under “Investors Section” on the

website of the Company viz. www.coforge.com.

The Company has issued a newspaper advertisement on

May 19, 2022 informing the shareholders that the final

dividend declared during FY 2014-15 which has remained

unpaid/ unclaimed for 7 years shall be credited to the Investor

Education Protection Fund (IEPF) alongwith the corresponding

shares on which the dividend has remained unpaid/ unclaimed

for 7 years, as per the procedure as set out in the Rules.

In view of the threat posed by the outbreak of the COVID-19

pandemic, and in accordance with the provisions of MCA

Circulars the Company shall be sending notices to the

shareholders through electronic mode. However, the Company

had alreday dispatched the notices to the shareholders after

the lifting of the lockdown giving them an opportunity to claim

their unclaimed dividend in May 2022. For details the Members

may refer the website of the Company viz. www.coforge.com.

21. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has

mandated the submission of Permanent Account Number (PAN)

by every participant in securities market. Members holding

shares in electronic form are, therefore, requested to submit

the PAN to their Depository Participants with whom they are

maintaining their Demat Accounts. Further, in order to facilitate

payment of dividends, SEBI vide its circular dated April 20, 2018

has mandated the Company/RTA to obtain copy of PAN Card

and Bank Account details from all the members holding shares in

physical form. Accordingly, members holding shares in physical

form shall submit their PAN and bank details to the Registrar and

Transfer Agent of the Company i.e. Alankit Assignments Limited

at 4E/2, Jhandewalan Extension, New Delhi 110055.

22. Pursuant to the first proviso to the Rule 18 of the Companies

(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, the Company

shall provide in advance an opportunity at least once in a Financial

Year to the Members to register their E-mail address and changes

therein either with Depository Participant or with the Company.

In view of the same, the Members who have not registered their

e-mail addresses so far are requested to register their e-mail

addresses for receiving all communications including Notices of

all General Meetings, Directors’ Report, Auditors’ Report, Audited

Financial Statements and other documents through electronic

mode, pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read

with the rules framed thereunder.

23. Members desirous of obtaining any information/ clarification

concerning the accounts and operations of the Company are

requested to address their queries in writing to the Company

Secretary at least ten days before the Annual General Meeting, so

that the information required may be made available at the Annual

General Meeting. Members may also note that the Notice and

Annual Report for the Financial Year 2021-22 will also be available

on the Company’s website at www.coforge.com.

24. Since the AGM will be held through VC/ OAVM, the Route map

is not annexed to the Notice.

Voting through electronic means:

1.

Pursuant to Regulation 44 of the SEBI Listing Regulations

and Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013, Rule 20 of the

Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 as

amended by the Companies (Management and Administration)

Amendment Rules, 2015, the Company has provided a facility

to its members to cast their votes on resolutions as set forth in

the Notice convening the 30th Annual General Meeting to be

held on Wednesday, August 24, 2022 at 09:00 A.M. (IST),

electronically through the e-voting service provided by NSDL.

Resolution(s) passed by the Members through e-voting is/ are

deemed to have been passed as if they have been passed

at the Annual General Meeting. The e-voting facility will

commence from 09:00 A.M. (IST) on Saturday, August

20, 2022 and ends at 05:00 P.M. (IST) on Tuesday, August

23, 2022. The e-voting module shall be disabled by NSDL

for voting thereafter. During this period the members holding

shares either in physical form or in dematerialized form, as on

the cut-off date for e-voting i.e. Wednesday, August 17, 2022

may cast their votes electronically.

2.

Those Members, who will be present in the AGM through VC/

OAVM facility and have not cast their vote on the Resolutions

through remote e-voting and are otherwise not barred from

doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-voting system

during the AGM.

3.

Mr. Nityanand Singh, Company Secretary in Practice

(Membership No. - FCS-2668) and proprietor M/s Nityanand

Singh & Co., Company Secretaries has been appointed as the

Scrutinizer for providing facility to the Members of the Company

to scrutinize the voting and remote e-voting process in a fair

and transparent manner by the Board in its meeting held on

May 12, 2022.

4.

The Members who have cast their vote by remote e-voting prior

to the AGM may also attend/ participate in the AGM through VC/

OAVM but shall not be entitled to cast their vote again.

5.

The voting rights of Members shall be in proportion to their

shares in the paid-up equity share capital of the Company as

on the cut-off date.

6.

Any person, who acquires shares of the Company and

becomes a Member of the Company after sending of the

Notice and holding shares as of the cut-off date, may obtain

the login ID and password by sending a request at evoting@

nsdl.co.in. However, if he/she is already registered with NSDL

for remote e-voting then he/she can use his/her existing User

ID and password for casting the vote.:

letter etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies)

who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to officenns@gmail.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in.

Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board Resolution / Power of

Attorney / Authority: Letter etc. by clicking on “Upload Board Resolution / Authority Letter” displayed under “e-Voting” tab

in their login.

2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep your password

confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In

such an event, you will need to go through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?”

option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.

3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-voting user manual for

Shareholders available at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll free no.: 1800 1020 990 and 1800

22 44 30 or send a request to Mr. Amit Vishal at evoting@nsdl.co.in

Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for procuring user id and password

and registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions set out in this notice:

1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the share certificate

(front and back), PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by

email to invetors@coforge.com

2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary ID), Name,

client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self

attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to invertos@coforge.com . If you are an Individual shareholders holding securities

in demat mode, you are requested to refer to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-Voting and

joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode.

3. Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.co.in for procuring user id and password for e-voting

by providing above mentioned documents.

Managing Director in Baring Private Equity Asia’s (“BPEA”) Mumbai office and focuses on investments in the

technology, healthcare, consumer, financial services, and infrastructure sectors. Mr. Gopalakrishnan joined BPEA in 2007. Prior to

joining BPEA, Mr. Gopalakrishnan worked in the private equity practice at New Vernon, an India-dedicated multi-strategy investment

management firm. Previously, he worked for PricewaterhouseCoopers India, where he advised clients on infrastructure projects.

Mr. Gopalakrishnan has a Bachelor’s degree from the University of Kerala and received a PGDM from the Indian Institute of

Management, Ahmedabad, India. He is fluent in English and Hindi.

Brief profile of Mr. Kirtiram Hariharan (DIN: 01785506)

Mr. Hariharan is the General Counsel of BPEA. Mr. Hariharan joined BPEA in 2011. Mr. Hariharan is responsible for all legal matters

associated with BPEA’s fund raising and investment efforts including the structuring and execution of transactions, financing and

related activities. Prior to joining BPEA, Mr. Hariharan was at leading law firm Paul, Hastings, Janofsky and Walker, worked with

Och-Ziff Capital Management at their Hong Kong and Bangalore offices and was a Partner of Amarchand Mangaldas Suresh A.

Shroff & Co., India’s leading law firm.

Mr. Hariharan received his LL.M. (Commercial Law) from Singapore Management University and a B.A., LL.B. (Hons.) degree from

the National Law School of India University. Mr. Hariharan is fluent in English, Hindi and Tamil.

Place: Gurugram

Date: May 12, 2022

By the Order of the Board

For Coforge Limited

(Erstwhile NIIT Technologies Limited)

Sd/-

Barkha Sharma

Company Secretary

Membership No. ACS 24060

Other details are provided herein below:

Particulars

Mr. Hari Gopalakrishnan

(DIN:03289463)

Mr. Kirtiram Hariharan

(DIN: 01785506)

Age

45

44

Qualification

Bachelor’s

degree

from

the

University of Kerala and PGDM

from the Indian Institute of

Management, Ahmedabad, India

Mr. Hariharan received his LL.M.

(Commercial Law) from Singapore

Management University and a B.A.,

LL.B. (Hons.) degree from the National

Law School of India University

Experience (including expertise in specific functional

area

Please refer profile.

Date of first appointment on the Board

17-05-2019

17-05-2019

Shareholding in the Company as on March 31, 2022

Nil

Nil

Relationship with other Director/ KMP’s

None

None

Number of Meetings of Board attended during the Year

9

7

Membership / Chairmanship of Committees of other

Companies

Nil

Nil

Directorships held in other Companies (excluding

foreign companies and Section 8 Companies)

1. AGS Health Private Limited

2. Citiustech Healthcare

Technologies Pvt. Ltd

3. Berkmeer India Private Limited

1. AGS Health Private Limited

Note: For other details such as number of meetings of the board attended during the year, remuneration drawn and relationship

with other directors and key managerial personnel in respect of above directors, please refer to the corporate governance report.:

letter of appointment outlining his/her role,

functions, duties and responsibilities. The terms and conditions

of the appointment of Non-Executive Directors are placed on the

website of the Company at www.coforge.com.

Key Managerial Personnel

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 203 of the Companies Act,

2013, the Company has the following Directors/ employees as

Whole-time Key Managerial Personnel as on March 31, 2022:

a) Mr. Sudhir Singh – Chief Executive Officer & Executive Director

b) Mr. Ajay Kalra - Chief Financial Officer

c) Ms. Barkha Sharma - Company Secretary

Changes in the status of KMPs during the year:

Mr. Lalit Kumar Sharma resigned as Company Secretary and

Legal Counsel w.e.f. July 31, 2021 and Ms. Barkha Sharma was

appointed as Company Secretary w.e.f. August 01, 2021.

Number of meetings of the Board

The Board of Directors of the Company met 9 (Nine) times in

the FY2021-22. The details pertaining to the Board Meetings and

attendance are provided in the Corporate Governance Report.

The intervening gap between two Board Meetings was within the

period prescribed under Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI (Listing

Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015

as amended. The details of the attendance and other relevant

details are provided in the Corporate Governance Report.

Directors’ Responsibility Statement

As required under Section 134(3)(c) read with 134(5) of the

Companies Act, 2013, the Board of Directors of the Company

hereby states and confirms that:-

a. In the preparation of the Annual Accounts, the applicable

Accounting Standards have been followed along with proper

explanation relating to material departures;

b. The Company has selected such accounting policies

and applied them consistently and made judgments and

estimates that are reasonable and prudent so as to give a

true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company at

the end of the Financial Year and of the Profit & Loss of the

Company for that period;

c. Proper and sufficient care has been taken for the

maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance

with the provisions of this Act for safeguarding the assets

of the Company and for preventing and detecting fraud and

other irregularities;

d. The Annual Accounts are prepared on a going concern basis;

e. Suitable internal financial controls have been implemented

by the Company and such internal financial controls are

adequate and are operating effectively.

f.

Proper systems have been devised to ensure compliance

with the provisions of all applicable laws and such systems

are adequate and are operating effectively.

g. Based on the framework of internal financial controls and

compliance systems established and maintained by the

Company, the work performed by the internal, statutory and

secretarial auditors and external consultants, including the

audit of internal financial controls over financial reporting

by the statutory auditors and the reviews performed by

management and the relevant board committees, including

the audit committee, the Company’s internal financial

controls were adequate and effective during FY 2022.

Deposits from Public

The Company has not accepted any Deposits under Chapter

V of the Companies Act, 2013 during the year and hence no

amount of principal or interest was outstanding as on the date

of the Balance Sheet.

Insolvency & Bankruptcy Code, 2016

There were no proceedings initiated/pending against your

Company under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016

which impacts the business of the Company.

Difference in amount of valuations, if any

There were no instances where your Company required the

valuation for one time settlement or while taking any loan from

the Banks or Financial Institutions.

Share Capital

a) Issue of equity shares with differential rights or sweat

equity shares

During the year, the Company has not issued any equity

shares with differential rights/sweat equity shares under

Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014.

b) Issue of Employee Stock Options

During the year, the Company issued 3,20,803 (Three Lakhs

Twenty Thousand Eight Hundred Three) Equity shares on the

exercise of stock options under the Employee Stock Option

Scheme of the Company (ESOP 2005). Consequently, the

issued, subscribed and Paid-up Equity Capital increased

to Rs. 609,131,520 as at March 31, 2022 pursuant to Rule

12(9) of Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules,

2014. The grant-wise details of the Employee Stock Option

Scheme are partially provided in the Notes to Accounts

of the Financial Statement in the Annual Report and a

comprehensive note on the same forms part of the Board

Report, which is available on the website of the Company

(www.coforge.com/investors).

c) Provision of money by Company for purchase of its own

shares by employees or by trustees for the benefit of

employees

In terms of Rule 16(4) of Companies (Share Capital and

Debentures) Rules, 2014, the Company has not provided

any funds for purchase of its own shares by employees or by

trustees for the benefit of employees.

d) Buy-back of equity shares of the Company

The Company has not bought back any shares during the year.:

letter of credit, bank guarantees, and

other payment methods reduce the delays in payments,

whereas instant tracking of shipment status saves time and

cost. Coforge’s Travel, Transport, and Hospitality experts

bring a unique platform for our stakeholders to understand

and experience the emerging tools and technologies. A

Blockchain & IoT-based cold supply chain solution provides

real-time tracking of temperature, humidity, and other

parameters. It ensures the safety and quality of goods,

thereby improving confidence in products and the brand.

We are developing an Insurance carrier to build their

policies and transactions on a blockchain that would provide

regulators immutability and traceable.

•

The Web3 CoE is our investment primarily focused on next-

generation Distributed Ledger Technologies (DLT) such

as Crypto, Non-Fungible Tokens (NFT), Decentralized

Autonomous Organizations (DAO), etc. Use cases such

as Crypto as an alternate investment asset, creation of

exchanges for Wealth Managers to freely trade in Crypto,

NFT or any other token-based assets.

•

The Metaverse CoE is focused on various use cases to

bridge the physical world with the virtual world. Given that

a typical video chat does not replace presence and space,

Metaverse helps us bring collaboration to the digital world.

As an example, we are prototyping a Virtual Training would

look like for a factory floor worker. We are also looking to

see if we can capture the Coforge campus in 3D and then

have Coforge people create their Avatars to go to different

buildings/rooms to learn about one or more topic. It provides

the ability to interact within the campus and to gamify the

learning and onboarding process.:

Letter of Approval (LOA) for setting up 100% EOU under Software Technology Park (STP);

b. Obtaining License for setting up Private Custom Bonded Warehouse;

c. Submission of Monthly Progress Report;

d. Submission of Annual Progress Report.

We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the following:

i)

Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India;

ii)

The Listing Agreements entered into by the Company with BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India

Limited including the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015.

During the period under review, the Company has complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines,

Standards etc. mentioned above. The Company has identified certain cases as violations of the Insider Trading Code of

the Company during the period under review. As per the Company’s Code of Conduct to regulate and monitor Insider

Trading in the Company, above Identified cases were reported to the Audit Committee as well as Stock Exchange

where securities of the Company are listed and appropriate action was taken including but not limited to issuance of

warning: letter and imposing fine on the designated person.

Further, the Company has filed form FCGPR for certain allotments as per prevalent practice suggested by AD bank,

however, the now AD Bank has suggested the different mode, which Company is deliberating with the AD Bank

currently and will get the Forms on record in due course.

We further report that:-

The Board of

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure-I and forms an integral part of this

report.:

letter:

1. Management of Secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility

is to express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2. We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial Records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure

that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed

provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the

Company.

4. Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of the events etc.

5. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the

responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedure on test basis.

6. The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy

or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

7. We have tried to verify the physical records, to the extent possible, for the period under review in order to verify

the compliances, however, reliance was also placed on electronic records for verification due to lockdown

announced by respective State Governments on account of COVID-19 pandemic.

Place: NEW DELHI

Date: 12.05.2022

FOR RANJEET PANDEY & ASSOCIATES

COMPANY SECRETARIES

CS RANJEET PANDEY

FCS- 5922, CP No.- 6087

UDIN F005922D000309291

ANNEXURE – I:

letter of

appointment is given to him/her, which inter alia explains the

role, function, duties and responsibilities expected of him/her

as a Director of the Company. The terms and conditions of the

appointment are also placed on the website of the Company.

Each newly appointed Director is taken through a familiarization

program in terms of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure

Requirements), Regulations, 2015, including the interaction with

the CEO & the Senior Management of the Company covering all

marketing, finance and other important aspects of the Company.

The Company Secretary briefs the Director about their legal

and regulatory responsibilities. The familiarization program:

Managing Director and

Whole-time Directors of the Company.

6. “Independent Director” means a director referred to in

Section 149 (6) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with

SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015.

7. “Key Managerial Personnel” or “KMP” means Key

Managerial Personnel of the Company in terms of the

Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules made thereunder. As per

Section 203 of the Companies Act, 2013, the following are

whole time Key Managerial Personnel:

a): Managing Director or Chief Executive Officer or the Manager

and in their absence a Whole-time Director

b) Company Secretary; and

c) Chief Financial Officer

8. “Non-Executive Director” means the director other than

the Executive Director and Independent Director.

9. “Senior Management Personnel” for this purpose shall

mean employees of the company who are members of its

core management team excluding Board of Directors. It

would comprise all members of management one level

below the -Chief Executive Officer/Managing Director/Whole

Time Director/ Manager (including Chief Executive Officer,

in case they are not part of the Board) including, Company

Secretary & Chief Financial Officer.

Unless the context otherwise requires, words and

expressions used in this policy and not defined herein

but defined in the Companies Act, 2013 or SEBI (Listing

Obligations & Disclosure) Regulations, 2015 as may

be amended from time to time shall have the meaning

respectively assigned to them therein.

e. APPOINTMENT AND REMOVAL OF DIRECTOR, KMP,

SENIOR MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL

a. Appointment criteria and qualifications

1. Subject to the applicable provisions of the Companies

Act, 2013, the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015, other applicable laws,

if any, and the Company’s Policy, the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee shall identify and ascertain the

integrity, qualification, expertise and experience of the person

for appointment as Director, KMP or at Senior Management

level and recommend to the Board his/her appointment and to

recommend to the Board, plans and process for succession

for appointments to the Board and senior management.

2. The Committee has discretion to decide the adequacy of

qualification, expertise and experience for the concerned position.

3. The Company shall not appoint or continue the employment

of any person as Managing Director/ Whole-time Director

/Manager who has attained the age of seventy years,

provided that the term of the person holding this position

may be extended beyond the age of seventy years with the

approval of shareholders by passing a special resolution.

4. The Company shall not appoint or continue the directorship

of any person as Non-Executive Director who has attained

the age of 75 years, unless a special resolution is passed to

that effect, in which case the explanatory statement annexed

to the Notice for such motion shall indicate the justification for

appointing such person.

b. Term/Tenure

Managing Director/Whole-time Director:

The Company shall appoint or re-appoint any person as its

Executive

Managing Director/Whole-time Directors:

1. The Remuneration/ Commission etc. to be paid to Managing

Director/Whole-time Directors, shall be governed as per provisions

of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules made there under alongwith

the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Regulations), 2015 or

any other enactment for the time being in force and the approvals

obtained from the Members of the Company.

2. The Committee shall make such recommendations to the

Board of Directors, as it may consider appropriate with regard

to remuneration to: Managing

letter related

9

-

9

-

Change of address/email id

11

-

11

-

Change of bank details

21

-

21

-

Change of name on share certificate

8

-

8

Dividend -TDS related

48

-

48

-

Legal matter, shares in legal dispute

1

-

1

-

Request for annual report

16

-

16

-

Request for demat of shares

9

-

9

-

Request for dividend warrant

correction

136

-

136

-

Request for issue of duplicate

share certificate

19

-

19

-

Request for nomination procedure

1

-

1

-

Request for shareholding details

17

-

17

-

Request for procedure to claim

shares transferred to IEPF

44

-

44

-

Request for transmission of shares

2

-

2

-

Total

342

-

342

-

There was no request/query/complaint pending at the

beginning of the Financial Year. During the Financial

Year, the Company attended most of the Shareholders’/

Investors’ requests/queries/complaints within 10 working

days from the date of receipt. The exceptions have been for

cases constrained by procedural issue/ disputes or legal

impediments etc. There was no request/query/complaint

pending at the end of the Financial Year.

Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Committee

In compliance with the provisions of Section 135 of the

Companies Act, 2013, the Company has a duly constituted

“Corporate Social Responsibility Committee”.

The terms of reference of the Corporate Social Responsibility

Committee (CSR) broadly comprises:

• Identification of the initiatives and specification of the projects

and programs those are to be undertaken and recommending

the same to the Board.

• Identification of CSR projects/programs, which focuses on

integrating business models with social and environmental

priorities and processes in order to create shared value.

• Preparation of the list of CSR programs which a Company

plans to undertake during the implementation year.

• Prepare modalities of execution of the project/programs

undertaken and implementation of schedule thereof.

• Implementation and monitoring progress of these initiatives

The particulars of the meeting attended by the members of

the CSR Committee and the date of the meetings held during

the year are given below:

Name of the

Corporate Social

Responsibilities

Committee

member

Category

Designation

Number of

meetings during

the Financial Year

2021-22

Dates of

meetings

held

during the

year

Held

Attended

Mr. Kirti Ram

Hariharan

Non- Executive

Director

Chairman

1

1

May 03,

2021

Mr. Kenneth Tuck

Kuen cheong

Non- Executive

Director

Member

1

1

Mr. Ashwani

Kumar Puri

Independent

Director

Member

1

1

Mr. Hari

Gopalakrishnan

Non- Executive

Director

Member

1

1

RISK MANAGEMENT POLICY & COMMITTEE

The Company has developed and implemented a risk

management framework for identification of elements of risk,

which in the opinion of the Board may threaten the existence of

the Company. A strong internal control system is pervasive in

the Company. The Company has an effective internal control

system. The Company’s holding company has developed a

risk management policy for identification of elements of risk,

which in the opinion of the Board may threaten the existence

of the Company, at a group level and Company level.

As per the requirement of revised Regulation 21 of SEBI (Listing

Obligations & Disclosure Regulations, 2015 and amendments

thereto, the Board constituted Risk Management Committee

of the Company under the provisions of the SEBI (Listing

Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015

with all amendments and during the year the Board adopted

the Risk Management Policy of the Company.

Constitution of the Risk Management Committee (‘RMC’):

Mr. Basab Pradhan (Chairman)

Mr. Hari Gopalakrishnan

Mr. Sudhir Singh

The Internal Audit Representative an invitee to the Committee

meetings & the Company Secretary of the Company shall act

as Secretary of the Committee meetings.

Roles & Responsibility of the Committee

1. Formulate and oversee the implementation of Risk

Management Policy of the Company

2. Manage the annual risk assessment process and

formulation of risk mitigation procedures.

3. Monitor the internal & external risk including risk

associated with cyber security and formulation/ oversee

plan for mitigation of these risks.

4. Monitor the implementation of improvements in the

Policy, including the planned actions arising from Audit

Committee/ Board deliberations, if any.

5. Any other roles and responsibility as may be

prescribed under applicable laws/regulations as amended

from time to time.

The particulars of the meeting attended by the members

of the Risk Management Committee and the date of the

meetings held during the year are given below:

Name of

the Risk

Management

Committee

member

Category

Designation

Number of

meetings

during the

Financial Year

2021-22

Dates of

meetings

held

during

the year

Held

Attended

Mr. Basab

Pradhan

Non- Executive

Director

Chairman

2

2

May 03,

2021

January

20, 2022

Mr. Hari

Gopalakrishnan

Non- Executive

Director

Member

2

2

Mr. Sudhir Singh

CEO & Executive

Director

Member

2

2

OTHER COMMITTEES

The Board has following other Committees also:-

1. Operations Committee

2. ESOP Allotment Committee

3. Share Transfer Committee:

Letter of confirmation’ in lieu

of physical securities certificate(s), to the securities holder/

claimant.

The ‘: Letter of Confirmation’ shall be valid for a period of 120

days from the date of its issuance, within which the securities

holder/claimant shall make a request to the Depository

Participant for dematerializing the said securities.

k. Distribution of shareholding as on March 31, 2022

Range (No.

of Shares)

No. of

Shareholders

% to Total

Shareholders

Range (No.

of Shares)

Total No. of

Shares

% to Total

Shares

Up to -500

140424

98.86

Up to -500

35,18,945

5.78

501-1000

863

0.61

501-1000

5,96,007

0.98

1001-5000

513

0.36

1001-5000

10,85,579

1.78

5001 &

above

249

0.18

5001 &

above

5,57,12,621

91.46

TOTAL

142049

100.00

TOTAL

6,09,13,152

100.00

98.86%

0.61%

0.36%

0.18%

Up to -500

501-1000

1001-5000

5001 & above

Distribution of Shareholders

5.78%

0.98%

1.78%

91.46

%

Up to -500

501-1000

1001-5000

5001 & above

Distribution of Shareholding

Shareholding Pattern as on March 31, 2022

Category

No. of Shares held

(face value of Rs.

10/- each

Percentage

of total

shareholding

Promoters’ Shareholding

Indian Promoters

Foreign Promoters

24,421,260

40.09

Total Promoters’ Holding

4,421,260

40.09

Public Shareholding

Mutual Fund and UTI

1,17,33,512

19.27

Banks, Financial Institutions & Insurance

Companies

36,07,032

5.92

Foreign Portfolio Investors & Foreign

Institutional Investors.

1,36,45,624

22.40

NRI/Foreign Nationals

688,838

1.13

Private Corporate Bodies, Alternate

Investment Fund & Trust

15,95,842

2.62

Individuals, HUF

52,21,044

8.57

Total Public Shareholding

3,64,91,892

59.91

Grand Total

6,09,13,152

100.00

*Share price of the Company taken at the close of business at NSE.

Source: NSE/BSE Website

40.09%

2.62%

8.57%

1.13%

19.26%

5.92%

22.40%

Shareholding Pattern

Promoters Foreign

Pvt. Corp. Bodies, AIF, & Trusts

Individual & HUF

NRI/Foreign Nationals

Mutual Funds

Banks, FI, Insurance

Foreign Portfolio Investors

8 57%

19.26%

%

