Letter etc.,

together with attested specimen signature(s)

of the duly authorised representative(s), to the

Scrutinizer at email Evoting@mehtamehta.

com with a copy marked to evoting@KFintech.

com and investor@eclerx.com. The scanned

image of the above mentioned documents

should be in the naming format “Corporate

Name_Event No.”

l.

In case of any query and/or grievance, in respect

of voting by electronic means or voting through

Instapoll, Members may refer to the Help &

Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) and e-voting

user manual available at the download section

of

https://evoting.kfintech.com/

(KFintech

website) or contact Mr. S. V. Raju, Deputy Vice

President (Unit: eClerx Services Limited) of

KFin Technologies Limited, Selenium Tower B,

Plot 31-32, Financial District, Nanakramguda,

Serilingampally Mandal, Hyderabad - 500 032,

Telangana or at evoting@kfintech.com or call

KFintech’s toll free no. 1800 309 4001 for any

further clarifications.:

Managing Director of Adobe India, Sr. Vice President,

Adobe Inc. and General Manager of Print and Publishing

Business Unit, where he headed one of the three Adobe’s

global business units, responsible for engineering,

product management, marketing, sales, and P&L of print,:

letter, setting out his terms

and conditions of appointment is available on the website

of the Company at www.eclerx.com and will be available

for inspection without any fee by the Members from the

date of circulation of this Notice up to the date of AGM.

Members seeking to inspect such document can send an

e-mail to investor@eclerx.com.

Additional information in respect of Mr. Naresh

Chand Gupta, pursuant to Regulation 36 of the

Listing Regulations and the Secretarial Standards on

General Meetings (SS-2), is provided at Annexure to

this Notice.

Except Mr. Naresh Chand Gupta and/or his relative(s),

none of the other Directors, KMPs and/ or their respective

relatives is in any way, concerned or interested, financially

or otherwise, in the Resolution mentioned at Item No. 4

of the Notice.

The Board of Directors accordingly recommends the

Special Resolution set out at Item No. 4 of the Notice for

the approval of the Members.

SPECIAL BUSINESS - ITEM NO. 5

Based on the recommendation of Nomination and

Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors at its

meeting held on August 9, 2022, approved appointment

of Mr. Naval Bir Kumar (DIN: 00580259) as an Additional

Director (till the conclusion of this Annual General

Meeting) designated as Non-Executive Independent

Director, not liable to retire by rotation, for a tenure of

5 (five) consecutive years commencing from August

9, 2022 to August 8, 2027, subject to approval of the

shareholders.

As an Additional Director, Mr. Naval Bir Kumar holds

office till the date of the AGM and is eligible for being

appointed as an Independent Director. The Company

has received necessary declarations/disclosures from

Mr. Naval Bir Kumar confirming that he meets the

criteria as prescribed under the Act and SEBI Listing

Regulations. Mr. Naval Bir Kumar is not disqualified

from being appointed as a Director under provisions of

Section 164 of the Act, nor debarred from holding the

office of director by virtue of any SEBI order or any other

such authority and has given his consent to act as an

Independent Director of the Company.

Mr. Naval Bir Kumar has a diverse experience in financial

services over the last 30 years. He has worked with Indian

Companies and Multi Nationals and has held leadership

positions in investment banking, asset management,

treasury and consumer banking. He served as an

investment banker in ANZ Grindlays Bank, where he

launched ANZ Grindlays Mutual Fund, India’s first foreign

bank owned Mutual Fund. He was CEO of the ANZ

Grindlays Mutual Fund business for 16 years. He was an

AMFI Board member for many years and worked with

SEBI on evolving various regulations. He was also the

Head of Consumer Banking on receiving the banking

license to re-imagine and build a digital led, branch light

model.

In terms of Section 160 of the Act, Nomination and

Remuneration Committee has recommended the

appointment of Mr. Naval Bir Kumar as an Independent

Director pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149 and

152 of the Act. The Company has also received a notice in

writing from a Member proposing the candidature of Mr.

Naval Bir Kumar to be appointed as Director of the Company.

In the opinion of the Board, Mr. Naval Bir Kumar is

a person of integrity, fulfils the conditions for his

appointment as an Independent Director as specified

in the Act and Listing Regulations and is independent

of the management. The Board believes that Mr. Naval

Bir Kumar possesses relevant expertise and experience

for being appointed as an Independent Director of

the Company and considers his association to be of

immense benefit to the Company.

A copy of the appointment: letter, setting out his terms

and conditions of appointment is available on the

website of the Company at www.eclerx.com and will be

available for inspection without any fee by the Members

from the date of circulation of this Notice up to the date

of AGM. Members seeking to inspect such document

can send an e-mail to investor@eclerx.com.

Additional information in respect of Mr. Naval Bir Kumar,

pursuant to Regulation 36 of the Listing Regulations

and the Secretarial Standards on General Meetings

(SS-2), is provided at Annexure to this Notice.

Managing Director, Private Equity

at Everstone Capital Asia Pte based out of Singapore.

Her role includes evaluating new opportunities in

the consumer sector and driving value creation in

investee companies in all sectors in the areas of go

to market, human capital management, and brand

transformation. She has more than 29 years of

general management and marketing experience and

strong track record in consumer industries, setting

strategy and improving operational effectiveness to

create greater financial returns. Prior to Everstone, she

was the CEO and: Managing

letter of appointment of

Non – Executive Independent Directors of the Company

containing the requisite familiarization details has been

hosted on the Company’s website at https://eclerx.com/

investor-relations/corporate-governance/.

21. DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT

•

in the preparation of the annual accounts

for the FY2022, the applicable accounting

standards had been followed along with proper

explanation relating to material departures,

if any;

•

the Directors had selected such accounting

policies and applied them consistently and

made judgments and estimates that are

reasonable and prudent so as to give a true

and fair view of the state of affairs of the

Company as at March 31, 2022 and of the profit

or loss of the Company for the year ended on

that date;

•

the Directors had taken proper and sufficient

care

for

the

maintenance

of

adequate

accounting records in accordance with the

provisions of the Act for safeguarding the

assets of the Company and for preventing and

detecting fraud and other irregularities;

•

the

Directors

had

prepared

the

annual

accounts on a going concern basis;

•

the Directors had laid down internal financial

controls to be followed by the Company and

that such Internal Financial Controls are

adequate and were operating effectively;

•

the Directors had devised proper systems to

ensure compliance with the provisions of all

applicable laws and that such systems were

adequate and operating effectively.

22. BOARD MEETINGS

During FY2022, 5 (Five) Board Meetings were

held details of which, along with particulars of

attendance of the Directors at each of the Board

Meetings are given in the Corporate Governance

Report of the Company, which forms a part of this

report. The intervening gap between the meetings

was within the period prescribed under the Act and

the Listing Regulations.

23. BOARD COMMITTEES

The Company has constituted various Committees

of the Board as required under the Companies Act,

2013 and the Listing Regulations. For details like

composition, number of meetings held, attendance

of members etc. at such Committee meetings,

please refer to the Corporate Governance Report

which forms a part of this Annual Report.

24. AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee comprises of Mr. Biren

Gabhawala, Mr. Anish Ghoshal, Ms. Deepa Kapoor

and Mr. PD Mundhra. The majority of the Members

are Independent Directors and Mr. Biren Gabhawala,

Independent Director is the Chairperson of the

Committee.

Mr. Pradeep Kapoor ceased to be a Member of the

Audit Committee consequent upon his resignation

as Non-executive Independent Director of the

Company with effect from close of business hours

on February 2, 2022.

During the year, all recommendations made by the

Audit Committee were accepted by the Board.

25. REPORTING OF FRAUD BY THE STATUTORY

AUDITORS

There were no instances of fraud reported by the

Statutory Auditors during FY2022 in terms of the

Section 134 of the Act read with the Companies

(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014.

26. NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION POLICY

The Company has formulated the Nomination

and Remuneration Policy in accordance with the

provisions of the Act and the Listing Regulations.

The said policy acts as a guideline for determining,

inter-alia, qualifications, positive attributes and

independence of a Director, matters relating to

the remuneration, appointment, removal and

evaluation of performance of the Directors, Key

Managerial Personnel, Senior Management and:

letter of even

date which is annexed as ‘ANNEXURE A’ and forms an

integral part of this report.

Our report of even date is to be read along with this: letter.

1)

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility

of the management of the Company. Our responsibility

is to express an opinion on these secretarial records

based on our audit.

2)

We have followed the audit practices and processes

as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance

about the correctness of the contents of the secretarial

records. The verification was done on test basis to

ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial

records. We believe that the processes and practices

we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3)

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness

of financial records and Books of Accounts of the

Company.

4)

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management

representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

5)

The compliance of the provisions of corporate laws,

rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of

management. Our examination was limited to the

verification of procedures on test basis.

6)

The secretarial audit report is neither an assurance

as to the future viability of the Company nor of the

efficacy or effectiveness with which the management

has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For Mehta & Mehta,

Company Secretaries

(ICSI Unique Code P1996MH007500)

Ashwini Inamdar

Place: Mumbai

Partner

Date: May 24, 2022

FCS No: 9409

UDIN: F009409D000372596

CP No: 11226

ANNEXURE A

To,

The Members,

eclerx services Limited,

Sonawala Building, 1st Floor,

29 Bank Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400023

Dear Shareholders,

It has been our constant endeavour to provide best of the services to our valuable shareholders and maintain good

level of Corporate Governance in this Company. In order to further improve shareholder service standards, we seek

your inputs through this survey.

We would be grateful if you could spare your valuable time to fill the questionnaire given below and send by

e-mail to investor@eClerx.com.

Thank You,

For eClerx Services Limited

Pratik Bhanushali

Company Secretary & Compliance Officer

F8538

Name & Address

of the Shareholder

Folio No.:

Folio No./DP ID/

Client ID::

