Letter from the Chairman: Letter from MD & CEO

Key Performance Indicators

Case Study

Our People

ESG

Awards and Accolades

Board of

Letter from the Chairman: Dear Shareholders,

We delivered yet another year

of healthy profitable growth with

revenues up 16.6% Y-o-Y to ₹ 59,212

million, Operating profits at ₹ 7,105

million and Profit After Tax (PAT)

increasing by 48.6% Y-o-Y to INR

5,374 million.

Our business witnessed robust

growth as a result of our strong

emphasis on execution, despite

macro headwinds. Our strategy of

investing in our three core industries

of Banking and Financial Services,

Healthcare, and Communication,

Media and Technology; consolidating

our leadership position in our chosen

sub-verticals; and systematically

adding growth adjacencies to them

have started to yield positive results

and holds us in good stead to

mitigate the volatility of any specific

business segment in any given year.

Our industry segments maintained

momentum throughout the year,

which contributed to the year's

strong performance. Our strategic

emphasis on sales, account

management and digital solutions

allowed us to achieve promising

results. Additionally, as we continued

to launch distinctive service

offerings, we expanded our digital-

first capabilities organically and

inorganically. Growing and maturing

our digital ecosystem to accelerate

transformation for our global clients

remained a top priority, and to that

end, we added several market-

leading technology partners.

Corporate Overview | Statutory Report | Financial Statements

Our progress in our digital solutions

and initiatives to take disruptive

offerings to market has now made

us the recognized category leader in

our offerings like digital collections

for consumer debt and digital

intake in Healthcare. During the

year, the globally reputed research

firm Everest Group identified us as

leaders in our HPHS and Mortgage

businesses. This recognition is not only

a validation of our effective strategy,

but also demonstrates an industry

endorsement of our ability to build a

strong and resilient business.

We successfully executed two

acquisitions in the year - American

Recovery Services Inc. and The

Stonehill Group.

EXECUTING OUR

GROWTH STRATEGY

These acquisitions were consistent with

our inorganic growth strategy to add

complementary offerings to our current

offerings. The integration of these entities

is proceeding as planned, and we remain

enthusiastic about our expanded capabilities

and cross-selling opportunities.

For a few years now we have been practicing

an ethos of strong governance and

sustainability. To create a more tangible

construct of these efforts this year we

established our ESG strategy. This framework

will serve to guide our actions and impact

on all our stakeholders, while also making

eminent business sense as employees,

customers and investors all value intrinsic

ESG culture and investments.

On behalf of Firstsource, I would like to thank

all our stakeholders for their continued trust

and confidence in our business. I would also

like to thank all our people for demonstrating

unwavering commitment and partnering

us as we accelerate digital transformation

journeys for our clients with purpose.

Dr Sanjiv Goenka

Dear Shareholders,

Our mission is to deliver sustainable

growth for our shareholders while

helping our people and communities

flourish. Looking back on the last year, it

is clear that our steadfast commitment

to expanding our digital-first offerings,

strengthening our partner ecosystems,

ensuring a well-diversified portfolio and

empowering our people has helped

us overcome a year that has been

challenging for most businesses.

Parts of our Healthcare, BFS and CMT

businesses galvanized to deliver yet

another year of strong growth. Our

Collections and Healthcare Provider

businesses were muted by the unique

economic and societal conditions

brought about by the pandemic.

We continued down the strategy of

modernizing our offerings within the

select segments in our three industry

verticals where we have a leadership

position. In addition, we expanded our

capabilities by investing in adjacent

growth areas, enabling us to offer a more

comprehensive range of solutions to

our clients and further consolidate our

market presence.

I am proud of what our Company and

thousands of Firstsourcers around the

world have achieved together. Our

strong performance demonstrates the

resilience built into our business to tackle

wide-ranging challenges and deliver

superior outcomes to our clients and

their end customers.

The year in review

Our revenues have grown 16.6% Y-o-Y

(14.6% growth in constant currency)

to ₹ 59,212 million (USD 795.2 million).

Our operating profit stands at ₹ 7,105

million, which translates to 12.0%, a Y-o-Y

expansion of 23 basis points. Our PAT

stood at ₹ 5,374 million, for the year and

our EPS came in at ₹ 7.62, up from ₹ 5.13

per share during FY 2020-21.

The strong results reflect two important

aspects. One – it highlights the growth

groundwork laid by our teams over the

past two years in scaling our capabilities.

Two – it successfully validates our

strategy of combining our domain

and digital expertise to advance client

objectives. The efforts are now bearing

fruit and are evident in the opportunities

coming our way.

We bagged our first-ever

USD 100 million+ deal in Healthcare

- our largest ever platform-based

services deal with a large Health

Plans Company – one of the

handful of BPaaS deals in the

Healthcare market this year. The

deal not only gives a huge impetus

to our reputation, but also provides

us access to the high-potential

Healthcare BPaaS market.

As we accelerated our digital

services and offerings, we

further modernized our solutions

by embedding wide-ranging

automation in our Digitally

Empowered Contact Center and

Intelligent Back Office services,

while strengthening our BPaaS

offering. The significant gains we

have made in our digital revenues

within a year underscores our

progress in enhancing the quality

of our offerings.

Our sustained efforts have led to

superior client satisfaction and

garnered us recognition from

leading global analysts like the

Everest Group, ISG, Nelson Hall

and KLAS® Research. We are

also proud to be included in the

prestigious Bloomberg Gender

Equality Index on our very first

attempt.

We have been consciously

building a purpose-led, scalable,

and agile organization; connecting

our people to their role’s purpose,

upskilling and reskilling them

in new-age digital technologies

and ensuring that we collectively

serve as an example of good

corporate citizenship. FY 2021-

22 saw us take material steps on

significantly strengthening our

efforts towards a governance

framework and institutionalizing

a concrete and purposeful ESG

strategy into our organizational

design. While we have established

globally benchmarked standards

of governance anchored in trust,

transparency, and accountability,

we believe that internalizing

ESG within our policies, systems,

processes and culture is imperative

for future sustainability.

Corporate Overview | Statutory Report | Financial Statements: Letter from MD & CEO

ON THE PATH TO

SHARED SUCCESS

Our strong

performance

demonstrates the

resilience built into

our business to

tackle wide-ranging

challenges and deliver

better outcomes to our

clients and their end

customers.

Powering through headwinds

BFS

1. Mortgage

FY 2021-22 started strong continuing with

the growth tailwinds from FY 2020-21

from record-low interest rates. However,

as expected, the interest rates reversed

course during the second half of the year

and our business volumes moderated

significantly. From Q4, our Mortgage

origination business declined more than

we anticipated. We continued to invest

and build the steadier servicing segment,

developing digital solutions to address

the cost-efficiency needs of our clients.

The servicing business grew nicely in

FY 2021-22, with robust expansion across

existing and new clients.

Our acquisition of The Stonehill Group

helps us expand our capabilities in

the Mortgage sector by targeting

capital market operations of Mortgage

companies – a distinct and growing

spend area.

2. Collections

Our Collections business got off to a slow

start in FY 2021-22 as it hit an air pocket

from the unique macro environment

conditions. The twin COVID phenomenon

of reduced discretionary spends by

consumers and government stimulus

meant the US consumer financial

health was at its best in the last 30

years, consequently, the Collections

volumes were at a historic low. Towards

the end of the year, we saw consumer

spending starting to increase, and with

the withering of the fiscal stimulus

effect, we witnessed very early signs of

debt placement volumes beginning to

stabilize.

We have been focused on diversifying

the business and developing new

segments including FinTechs and Utilities.

We continue to invest in our Digital

Collections platform and leverage it as

our growth driver into existing and newer

segments.

In addition, we completed the acquisition

of ARSI (American Recovery Services Inc.),

a leading player in the Legal Collections

market. ARSI is a leader in this segment

with a network across the US. The

integration is progressing as planned, and

we plan to add more digital capabilities

to the core legal network Collections

platform. The acquisition enables us to

offer legal stage Collection capabilities,

further enhancing our leadership position

in consumer debt management services.

UK BFS

In FY 2021-22, UK BFS growth trajectory

was strong, with robust volume growth

and expansion into new lines of

businesses. There was a healthy demand

environment and we strengthened our

strategic client relationships with new

wins. As the UK economy opened, we

experienced talent supply challenges.

BFS

26

clients

Healthcare

17

clients

CMT

12

clients

Diverse

2

clients

Business Wins FY 2021-22

We've worked to address this by

opening new locations in the UK

and making targeted compensation

adjustments. The talent challenge

offers an opportunity with clients

actively reviewing their geographic

strategy for CX Operations. We are also

constantly working to add capabilities

to our customer lifecycle management

offering suite with greater emphasis on

multi-channel CX.

Healthcare

In FY 2021-22, the HPHS segment took

robust strides on building a sustainable

growth foundation. We were focused

on continuing to open and grow

relationships with top-10 Health Plans.

We continued to strengthen our

Digital Intake platform and developed

BPaaS solutions for mid-market Health

Plans. We also continued to co-

create telehealth and remote patient

monitoring solutions.

We are now winning large and complex

deals by leveraging our solutioning

skills and digital-first platforms.

In addition, our newly developed

Healthcare Cloud helps streamline

client onboarding and allows them to

consume our services in a modular

fashion.

In the Provider business, the

intermittent resurgence of COVID

impacted volumes. However, we

believe that the pervasive medical

and skilled talent shortages and cost

challenges are prompting hospitals to

explore strategic solutions. Our targeted

investments earlier this year in sales,

product development and solutioning

have begun to materialize in new

client wins. As we advance our market

position, our strategy will revolve

around developing and integrating

broader solutions for the Revenue

Cycle Management (RCM) value chain

and further penetrating the US market

through continued sales investments.

We ended the year strongly with

increased sales in the last quarter.

CMT

At the beginning of FY 2021-22, the

second wave of COVID, especially in

India, created a transitionary impact

on our business, but its effects have

subsided since. Further, the UK

market talent supply situation further

compounded our execution challenges.

We successfully transitioned some

complex operations – from the UK to

offshore – to alleviate the situation.

In addition, we doubled down on

our employee outreach campaigns

and increased compensation while

revamping our job training processes

and on-the-job training strategies.

Eventually, we enjoyed solid growth

from our strategic client in this

segment.

We expanded our client portfolio

across Customer Experience,

Automation and Brand Safety; and are

working with some of our clients, to

design, build and run their end-to-end

operations using components of our

Digitally Empowered Contact Center

platform.

With digital media continuing to evolve

and move towards subscription-based

models, we are working closely with

clients to operationalize tools to deliver

a personalized user journey resulting

in greater acquisition and retention of

subscribers, simultaneously growing

our client portfolio.

With streamlined capabilities and an

encouraging pipeline, we are confident

of maintaining our growth momentum

in the CMT segment.

Looking ahead

As we look ahead, we see a world of

rich opportunities opening up and are

excited to embrace them.

FY 2022-23 will be a year of transition.

While our Mortgage operations will

calibrate down considerably as interest

rates climb up steeply, we will see

our other businesses in Healthcare,

CMT and BFS (Collections and UK

BFS) maintain and accelerate their

growth momentum. We will continue

to invest and focus in our chosen

three industries, scaling up our digital

and disruptive offerings, and staying

committed to being led by purpose;

while continuously identifying newer

growth adjacencies.

I am proud to lead a team of passionate

achievers whose drive and dedication

to serve our clients and communities

has powered the fantastic progress

we achieved during the year. We

remain committed to supporting and

empowering our people through

our diverse and inclusive culture, so

they continue to grow and deliver

excellence.

In closing, I’d like to express my deep

gratitude to all our stakeholders –

clients, partners, fellow Firstsourcers,

and shareholders. I’m confident that,

together, we will continue to share

many more successes and shape a

better world in 2022 and beyond.

Vipul Khanna

MD & CEO

Managing Director/ Whole-Time Director

who has attained the age of seventy years, provided that the

term of the person holding this position may be extended

beyond the age of seventy years with the approval of

shareholders by passing a special resolution based on the

statement pursuant to the provisions of Section 102 of

the Act annexed to the notice or such motion indicating

the justification for extension of appointment beyond

seventy years.

Meeting of Independent Directors:

There should be atleast one meeting of Independent Directors

in a year, without the attendance of non-independent Directors

and members of the Management. One (1) meeting of the

Independent Directors of the Company was held on February 04,

2022.

The Independent Directors in the meeting:



Review

the

performance

of

non-independent

Directors

including

MD

&

CEO

and

the

Board

as a whole;:

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this report.:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the company. Our responsibility is to express an

opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness

of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in

secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the company.

4.

Where ever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and

happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of

management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness

with which the management has conducted the affairs of the company.

For MMJB and Associates LLP

Company Secretaries

Deepti Joshi

Designated Partner

FCS No. F8167

CP No. 8968

UDIN: F008167D000282672

Peer Review No: 904/2020

Place: Mumbai

Date: May 05, 2022:

letter and

spirit, which entails surety towards sustainable development of

the Company, enhancing Stakeholders’ value eventually.

COMPANY’S

PHILOSOPHY

ON

CORPORATE

GOVERNANCE:

At Firstsource Solutions Limited, (‘the Company’), adherence

to Corporate Governance practices not only justifies the legal

obedience of the laws but translates into ethical leadership and

organisational stability. It is the sense of good governance that our

leaders portray, which trickles down to the wider management

and is further maintained across the entire functioning of the

Company. Your Company envisages the importance of building

trust and integrity through transparent and accountable

communication with the internal and external stakeholders as

well as the customers of the Company. This involves keeping

the stakeholders of the Company updated on a timely basis

about the development, the plans and the performance of the

Company with a view to establish the long term affiliations. The

Company keeps itself abreast with the best governance practices

on the global front and at the same time conforms to the recent

amendments.

The Company is in compliance with the requirements stipulated

under Regulation 17 to 27 read with Schedule V and clauses (b)

to (i) and (t) of sub-regulation (2) of Regulation 46 of Securities

and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure

Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), as

applicable, to ensure good Corporate Governance practices

across the Company in: letter and in spirit. The Company has

complied with all the mandatory requirements of the Listing

Regulations and following is the status with regard to the same.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS:

The Board of

MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO

AND THE CFO:

In terms of Regulation 17(8) read with Part B of Schedule II of the

SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulation

2015 (“Listing Regulations”), we hereby certify as under:

A.

We have reviewed financial statements and the cash flow

statement for the year and that to the best of our knowledge

and belief:

(1) these statements do not contain any materially

untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain

statements that might be misleading;

(2) these statements together present a true and fair view

of the listed entity’s affairs and are in compliance with

existing accounting standards, applicable laws and

regulations.

B.

There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no

transactions entered into by Company during the year which

are fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company’s code

of conduct.

C.

We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining

internal controls for financial reporting and that we have

evaluated the effectiveness of internal control systems

of the Company pertaining to financial reporting. We

have disclosed to the auditors and the audit committee,

deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal

controls, if any, of which we are aware and the steps we have

taken or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies.

D.

The Company have indicated to the Auditors and the

Audit Committee:

(1) significant changes in internal control over financial

reporting during the year;

(2) significant changes in accounting policies during the

year and that the same have been disclosed in the

notes to the financial statements; and

(3) instances of significant fraud of which the Company

have become aware and the involvement therein, if any,

of the management or an employee having a significant

role in the Company’s internal control system over

financial reporting.

For Firstsource Solutions Limited

Vipul Khanna

Dinesh Jain

MD & CEO

President & CFO

Mumbai

May 05, 2022

DECLARATION BY THE: MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO ON

‘CODE OF CONDUCT

I hereby confirm that:

The Company has obtained from all the members of the Board

and senior management, affirmation that they have complied

with the Code of Conduct as applicable to them.

Vipul Khanna

MD & CEO

Mumbai

May 05, 2022

MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO (MD & CEO) UNDER ESOP 2019 PLAN

In view of the Shareholder’s approval via postal ballot on January 11, 2020 through a special resolution wherein it was approved

that the MD & CEO shall be entitled to participate in the equity based LTI of the Company. Accordingly the Committee on

February 28, 2020 approved the grant of 10,066,204 options under ESOP Plan 2019 at the face value of ₹ 10/- of the shares to the

MD and CEO which are a mix of tenure based and performance based structures. The brief details of these grants are mentioned

herein below:

A. Grants under Tenure Based Structure :

No. of Stock Options

Vesting Date

Vesting Conditions

1,186,624

October 01, 2021

Continued employment

719,966

October 01, 2023

Continued employment

B. Grants under Performance Based Structure :

No. of Stock Options

Vesting Date

Vesting Conditions

8,159,614

October 01, 2023

Achievement of Profits Before Tax **

** Performance period may be further defined in consultation with the Nomination & Remuneration Committee.

Employee stock option activity during the year ended March 31, 2022

A) Under ESOS Scheme 2003 and ESOP 2019 Plan are as follows:

Description

Exercise

Range

March 31, 2022

March 31, 2021

Shares arising

out of options

Weighted

Average period

in months

Shares arising

out of options

Weighted

Average period

in months

Outstanding at the beginning of the year

10.00

25,146,204

110.76

10,849,204

119.99

10.01 - 60.00

2,717,412

59.10

5,243,310

68.56

60.01 - 75.00

1,212,527

89.40

1,607,500

101.57

29,076,143

17,700,014

Granted during the year

10.00

4,522,250

16,569,000

10.01 - 60.00

-

-

60.01 - 75.00

-

-

4,522,250

16,569,000

(₹ in million)

(₹ in million):

MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO (MD & CEO) UNDER ESOP 2019 PLAN

In view of the Shareholder’s approval via postal ballot on January 11, 2020 through a special resolution wherein it was approved

that the MD & CEO shall be entitled to participate in the equity based LTI of the Company. Accordingly the Committee on

February 28, 2020 has approved the grant of 10,066,204 options under ESOP Plan 2019 at the face value of ₹ 10/- of the shares

to the MD and CEO which are a mix of tenure based and performance based structures. The brief details of these grants are

mentioned herein below:

A. Grants under Tenure Based Structure :

No. of Stock Options

Vesting Date

Vesting Conditions

1,186,624

October 01, 2021

Continued employment

719,966

October 01, 2023

Continued employment

B. Grants under Performance Based Structure :

No. of Stock Options

Vesting Date

Vesting Conditions

8,159,614

October 01, 2023

Achievement of Profits Before Tax **

** Performance period may be further defined in consultation with the Nomination & Remuneration Committee.

Employee stock option activity during the year ended March 31, 2022

A) Under ESOS Scheme 2003 and 2019 are as follows::

letter etc.

together with attested specimen signature of the duly

authorized signatory who are authorized to vote, to the

Scrutinizer at the email address viz; scrutinisers@mmjc.in,

if they have voted from individual tab & not uploaded same

in the CDSL e-voting system for the scrutinizer to verify the

same.

INSTRUCTIONS

FOR

SHAREHOLDERS

ATTENDING

THE AGM THROUGH VC/OAVM & E-VOTING DURING

MEETING ARE AS UNDER:

1. The procedure for attending meeting and e-voting on the

day of the AGM is same as the instructions mentioned above

for Remote e-voting.

2. The link for VC/OAVM to attend meeting will be available

where the EVSN of Company will be displayed after

successful login as per the instructions mentioned above for

remote e-voting.

3. Shareholders who have voted through remote e-voting will

be eligible to attend the meeting. However, they will not be

eligible to vote at the AGM.

4. Shareholders are encouraged to join the Meeting through

Laptops/ IPads for better experience.

5. Further shareholders will be required to allow camera and

use internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance

during the meeting.

6. Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile

Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via Mobile

Hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss due to fluctuation

in their respective network. It is therefore recommended to

use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate any kind of

aforesaid glitches.

7. Shareholders who would like to express their views/ask

questions during the meeting may register themselves

as a speaker by sending their request in advance atleast

48 hours prior to meeting mentioning their name, demat

account number/folio number, email id, mobile number

at fsl@3i-infotech.com. The shareholders who do not wish

to speak during the AGM but have queries may send their

queries in advance 48 hours prior to meeting mentioning

their name, demat account number/folio number, email id,

mobile number at fsl@3i-infotech.com. These queries will

be replied by the Company suitably by email.

8. Those shareholders who have registered themselves as

a speaker will only be allowed to express their views/ask

questions during the meeting.

9. Only those shareholders, who are present in the AGM

through VC/ OAVM facility and have not casted their vote on

the resolutions through remote e-voting and are otherwise

not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through

e-voting system available during the AGM.

10. If any votes are cast by the shareholders through the e-voting

available during the AGM and if the same shareholders have:

letter mentioning

your folio number, complete address, email address to

be registered along with scanned self-attested copy of

the PAN and any document (such as Driving Licence,

Passport, Bank Statement, AADHAR) supporting the

registered address of the Member, by email to Registrar

& Share Transfer Agents at fsl@3i-infotech.com.

(ii) For the Members holding shares in demat form, please

update your email address through your respective

Depository Participant/s.

i.

The Notice of the 21st AGM and the Annual Report for the

financial year ended March 31, 2022 including therein the

Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended

March 31, 2022 will be available on the website of the

Company at https://www.firstsource.com/ and the websites

of NSE at www.nseindia.com and BSE at www.bseindia.com.

The Notice of 21st AGM will also be available on the website

of CDSL at www.evotingindia.com.:

letter of appointment of Ms Uppal, setting out

the terms and conditions of appointment as an Independent

Director is available for inspection by members electronically.:

