Letter to

Shareholders

Review by the: Managing Director

Page No. 18

Page No. 24

Table of Contents

Overview

An Eventful Year

02-03

Key Highlights of the Company

04

Key Advantages

05

The Connected Experience with

Company’s Omnichannel Payments

06

The All-In-One CCAvenue Payment

Solutions to Simplify Business Payments

07

About Us

08

Our Global Footprints

09

Milestones

11

Company’s Growth is

Now at an Inflection Point

12

Key Performance Indicators

14

Key Drivers of the Business

16

Fintech Adoptions Few Facts

17

Letter to Shareholders: Dear Shareholders,

I am glad to present to you the

Annual Report for Infibeam

Avenues for the financial year

ending 2022.

As I am addressing you today,

the world has started living

in a new reality, wherein the

effects of the pandemic are

gradually dying. The Indian

economy has shown resilience,

driven by a combination of

strong underlying fundamentals

and prudent policy measures.

Despite the commodity price

shocks, supply disruptions, and

higher inflationary trends, RBI

has been able to preserve the

macro financial stability and the

environment is dynamic and fast

changing to sustain growth.

Digitisation and Digitalisation will

be key to India’s future growth

and to become the top economic

force globally.

Our distinguishing feature is our

digital infrastructure offered to

merchants and banks to enable

them to do business online,

accept payments on-the-go,

process payments and use AI/ML-

based analytics for lending.

Fintech Revolution

India today stands witness to the

Fintech Revolution – the grand

entry and the rise of the Fintech

businesses. This is one industry

which will take India to a higher

pedestal on the world stage.

Digital financial services are

instrumental in achieving

the Hon’ble Prime Minister

Shri Narendra Modi’s vision

of Atmanirbhar Bharat and a $5

Trillion economy by FY2027. In

the light of this vision, for the past

few years, propelling financial

inclusiveness has been a top

priority for India. This is possible

only through a strong, healthy

and professionally managed

banking and financial lending

system and fintech companies will

make this possible to reach to the

bottom of the pyramid.

The digitisation of the economy,

with the COVID-19 pandemic as

an icing on the cake, has boosted

the governments’ agenda to

create a robust ecosystem

across supply chains, agriculture,

education, micro, small and

medium enterprises (MSMEs),

and other sectors. Embedded

finance, neobanks, digital lending

and digital payments are seen

as sunrise businesses which will

boost fintech models to provide

equitable access to finance.

Fintechs in collaboration with

banks and NBFCs are all set to

deepen market penetration and

create efficiencies and have been

at the spearhead of designing

and implementing innovative

products that will leverage latest

technologies and platforms

such as artificial intelligence (AI),

machine learning (ML), application

programming interfaces (APIs),

cloud and automation. The

economy has catapulted several

decades ahead because of this

fintech revolution. India could be

the world’s next economic motor,

driven by the fintech engine.

The naissance of

Infibeam

Digitalization is not a luxury

anymore; it has become a

necessity and our vision was to be

the trailblazer in this space.

When Infibeam was born, it was

born with this vision. The seeds

for this were sown in 2007,

when we began our journey as a

platform provider and gradually

moved into payments in later

years. Today, we are the harbinger

of technologically compatible

innovative financial products and

services.

On a macro scale, in the current

scenario, digitization is only 21%

of our economy. There is a huge

chasm that needs to be crossed

over, to reach the full potential

of 100%. Our endeavour is to

continue to innovate, to grow

and to ensure our substantial

presence for merchants and

banks and continue to create

value across the entire chain.

How Infibeam has

charted its way

“Everyone wants to live on the

top of a mountain, but all the

happiness and growth happens

while climbing it!”

We, at Infibeam, have well

absorbed this phrase and have

grown and learnt from each stride

that we have taken.

Any fintech earns from three

players - the merchant, the bank

and the consumers. Our focus is

on the merchants and the banks.

For banks, FIs and ecommerce

players, once the digital

infrastructure gets embedded

into their systems, it becomes

an indispensable part. We

have invested into this strategy

and developed our digital

infrastructure which has now

started delivering continuous

growth.

Our digital infrastructure is

conceptualized, developed,

built and deployed in such a

way that whenever we intend

for geographical expansion,

or financial mergers and

acquisitions, no major capital

expenditure is incurred. With

only a meagre amount of local

support and local employment,

the infrastructure works for itself,

in a frictionless environment.

What makes Infibeam

different?

Our distinguishing feature is our

digital infrastructure. Infibeam

has embedded its digital

infrastructure through white

labelling its digital product and

have rendered it to banks like

HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank, Kotak

Bank, Mashreq, JP Morgan and

others. Similarly, JioMart and

GeM (Government e-Marketplace)

are built on Infibeam’s digital

infrastructure.

Another feather in our cap

with respect to the Soft-POS

(CCAvenue TAPPay) that we are

launching is, currently, we are the

only company in Asia certified

for ‘Pin on Glass’ technology

on consumers mobile phones,

which is a revolution in itself.

Additionally, the technology

enables the merchants to accept

all type of payments, and not just

limited to QR codes, on a mobile

device, without having to invest in

a Point of Sale (POS) machine.

How do we see ahead?

The decision policies of Infibeam

hinge on ‘building’ and not

‘buying’, but this does not rule

out the opportunities that are

evaluated from time-to-time.

If any opportunity is found

accretive and additive, no stone

will be unturned in the quest to

harness it.

RBI has flagged concerns over the

systemic risks brought about by

the involvement of some bigtechs

in the financial world. The delicate

balance between innovation and

regulation has to be maintained

through careful utilisation of

technology and frameworks.

Concluding Remarks

Growth is the result of the forces

working together and Infibeam

has thrived in no different way

and it is no different going ahead.

With a multi-merchant, multi-

tech, multi country portfolio, it is

expected that payments business

growth will accelerate. The

payments business is the cart and

the platform businesses, is the

horse before the cart, which will

elevate the company’s growth.

I wish to extend my deepest

gratitude to all the stakeholders,

for standing shoulder to shoulder

with us and supporting us in

reaching milestones, year on year.

Warm Regards,

Ajit Mehta

Managing Director

stage and penetrated deeper

through multiple layers of the

society, nothing short of a tech

explosion.

Life never stops teaching us and

it is our choice how and what we

grasp. Last year was especially

rich in this regard and it rendered

us an opportunity to script an

extraordinary growth story.

FY2022 was the strongest year

in Infibeam Avenues’ history. We

proudly stand at an all-inclusive

TPV run-rate of ` 3.7 trillion

(USD 49 Bn) from ` 1.4 trillion in

FY2021. Gross revenue was at an

all-time high of ` 12,939 million,

up 91% year-on-year. Profit after

tax was also at an all-time high,

on a comparable basis, at ` 837

million, with 32% margin on Net

Revenue, also the best ever.

TPV from Payments stood at

` 1.7 trillion, up 75% year-on-

year, whereas TPV from GeM

crossed ` 1 trillion, which is a

175% increase year-on-year. TPV

from Go Payments was up 60%, at

more than ` 100 billion. TPV from

Finance (Express Settlements)

was at ` 42 billion, nearly six times

more than previous year. Total

TPV rose 98% year-on-year, at

` trillion, whereas there was a 19%

increase in PAT which stood at

` 837 million, highest in the

history of the company on a like-

to-like basis.

BillAvenue witnessed more than

18,000 billers, where we have

approximately 90% of the market

share of all the billers on the

Bharat BillPay.

Standalone Balance sheet

excluding forward investments

looks strong with an ROE of 14.9%

in FY2022 and ROCE of 16.4%,

generating superior returns for

the shareholders. Cash reserves

are at an all-time high of over

` 2,000 million and zero debt

because of early payment of all

outstanding debt in Q2 FY2022,

which has made our position: Dear Shareholders,

I hope that we, at Infibeam

Avenues, find you in the best of

health and spirits, and a never-

ending reservoir of energy to

combat global situations whether

it is the pandemic with newer,

unknown waves or the global geo

political calamities.

Whenever the world faces any

natural or manmade disaster,

humanity arises together and

devises ways and means to

combat it and something novel,

innovative emerges out of it.

Similarly, the recent pandemic

paved the way for rapid

technological transformations,

and a more intensive foray of

technology into the financial

space was inevitable.

How we fared?

If the pandemic has augmented

the adoption of digital payments

in 2021, then 2022 was the year

that digital payments took centre

FY2022 was the strongest year

in Infibeam Avenues’ history. We

proudly stand at an all-inclusive

TPV run-rate of ` 3.7 trillion

(USD 49 Bn) from ` 1.4 trillion

in FY2021.

comfortable, with an additional

advantage of 100% EBITDA to

cash conversion, which has been

a consistent achievement since

the past five years.

The NTR has been increasing

from Q1 through Q4 in FY2022.

This rise in NTR is on account

of some recovery in the Covid

impacted sectors (like travel,

tourism, aviation, hospitality,

entertainment), contribution

from various businesses and

contribution from international

payments business. Another factor

is higher merchant acquisition,

retention and engagement,

leading to both horizontal and

vertical expansion, thus resulting in

higher NTR. The choice of payment

the customer uses viz. usage of

credit or debit cards or online

payment is also a determining

factor for NTR where credit card

contribution has increased.

What is our Core

Competency?

We are focused on building a

frictionless financial technology

in digital payments; a stable,

scalable and sustainable business

from merchants and banks, by

creating a superior ‘Payments

Infrastructure’ company. It will

provide a seamless and holistic

digital payments solution to

merchants and also helps

merchants access capital at

the click of a button. Through

our comprehensive offerings

comprising Platforms, Payments

and Finance, we want to make

the merchants Digital, Credible

and hence Bankable. And Banks

can leverage our infrastructure to

focus on their core competency.

Our focus continues to build all-

round solutions for merchants,

across sectors, by expanding

our product portfolio to provide

them with offerings which are

relevant to them. The core of our

business model is to make the

entire digital payment experience

simpler and enriching for the

merchants. The strong growth

we are experiencing in our

business is encouraging and we

will continue to scale this growth

going forward.

The Indian fintech ecosystem

has the highest number of

payment options and Infibeam

has been adding 8000 new

merchants everyday which would

translate into a growth in digital

transactions and consequently a

reduction in the cash circulating in

the market.

Government e-Marketplace (GeM)

is the national public procurement

portal of the Government of India

which is a completely paperless,

cashless, transparent and

system-driven e-marketplace with

minimal human interface. GeM is

a phenomenal platform, and we

feel very proud to be associated

with it and partner with it,

because it assists the government

in procurement, bringing a lot

of transparency in the entire

cycle and is also able to deliver

on savings. We feel we have a

purpose to work on, through this

partnership, in India’s journey

towards making the country

corruption free and Ease of Doing

Business in India.

Newer technologies,

newer roadways

One of the transformational

technologies that we have

adopted for enhancing payments

is the CCAvenue TAPPay PoS,

which enables seamless payment

options for merchants across

online and offline business

models and would enable us

to grow our merchant network

multi-fold. TAPPay will provide

businesses with a secure and

easy way to accept contactless

payments and will provide new

checkout experiences.

With Tap to Pay, businesses

can start accepting contactless

payments directly on their Android

mobile devices. Merchants will

be able to accept payments

through cards (customers can

tap card on merchant’s or their

own mobile phone), QR code or

SMS link-based payments, with no

additional hardware cost.

This revolutionary technology has

inspired us, to not only focus in

India but be a dominating force

across nations.

Where are we on the

world map?

“The world is your oyster” and

Infibeam has substantiated this

statement in a significant way.

It has been our highest

endeavour to offer our services

beyond India and our global

presence is a testimony to our

efforts.

Our success story of UAE dates

back to 2018, and capitalizing

on the success there, we rolled

out payments in KSA, the largest

country in GCC, and contributing

to over 2/3 of the GDP of the

GCC region along with the UAE.

The other GCC market where we

have established our presence is

Oman, where we have over 90%

market share of online credit

Annual Report 2021-22

Infibeam Avenues Limited

24

25

Overview

Managing Director

Acquiring

(20 year PAT Profitable)

Engagement

(High Margin)

Monetisation

(Higher ROE/ROA)

online PG | SoftPOS | B2Biz | CPGS

Digital Payments

Finance

Invoice dscntg.,

working capital,

express settlement

Enterprise Platforms

Marketplace | bill payments |

hospitality payments | assisted commerce |

contactless payments

Lending platform to provide

credit upto grassroot

Bridges the gap between

banks and merchants

through merchant data

analytics

Market size – over $500 by

2025/26 including invoice

discounting (Source: World

Bank, HSBC)

Natural extension of the

payments business

Creates a sticky client base by

engaging large customers

with high sales volume

corporates

Catering to a diversified client

base – Corporates, Enter-

prise, Governments

Market size – over $100bn

(Source: GeM, RBI, NPCI,

company estimates)

Core business product

Enjoys first mover advantage

Key focus area for merchant acquisition

Provides base for cross sell opportunities

India market size (P2M & B2B) - $4.5 tn by 2026 (Source: BCG)

Strategic Framework

For Creating Value For All Stakeholders

Annual Report 2021-22

Infibeam Avenues Limited

26

27

Overview:

Managing Director

Mr. Vishwas Patel

Executive Director

Mr. Keyoor Bakshi

Independent Director

Mr. Roopkishan Dave

Independent Director

Ms. Vijaylaxmi Sheth

Independent Director

Mr. Piyushkumar Sinha

Independent Director

AUDit cOMMittee:

Mr. Keyoor Bakshi

Chairman

Mr. Vishal Mehta

Member

Mr. Roopkishan Dave

Member

Mr. Piyushkumar Sinha

Member

Ms. Vijaylaxmi Sheth^

Member

NOMiNAtiON AND ReMUNeRAtiON cOMMittee:

Mr. Roopkishan Dave

Chairman

Mr. Keyoor Bakshi

Member

Mr. Piyushkumar Sinha

Member

Ms. Vijaylaxmi Sheth^

Member

StAKeHOLDeRS’ ReLAtiONSHiP cOMMittee:

Mr. Ajit Mehta

Chairman

Mr. Roopkishan Dave

Member

Mr. Piyushkumar Sinha

Member

Ms. Vijaylaxmi Sheth^

Member

cORPORAte SOciAL ReSPONSiBiLitY cOMMittee:

Ms. Vijaylaxmi Sheth

Chairman

Mr. Vishal Mehta

Member

Mr. Piyushkumar Sinha

Member

RiSK MANAGeMeNt cOMMittee:

Mr. Vishal Mehta

Chairman

Mr. Ajit Mehta

Member

Mr. Hiren Padhya#

Member

Mr. Sunil Bhagat*

Member

Mr. Roopkishan Dave

Member

KeY MANAGeRiAL PeRSONNeL:

Mr. Vishal Mehta: Managing

Managing Director of the company

To Consider, and if thought fit, to pass with or without

modification (s), the following resolution as a Special

Resolution:

“ReSOLVeD tHAt pursuant to the provisions of Section

196, 197, 203 read with Schedule V and other applicable

provisions, if any of the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules

made thereunder, and the applicable provisions of the

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations

and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (including

any statutory modification (s) or re-enactment (s) thereof,

for the time being in force), and subject to such other

consents, permissions and approvals as may be necessary,

and pursuant to the recommendation of the Nomination and

Remuneration Committee, the consent of the Members of

the Company be and is hereby accorded for re-appointment

of Mr. Vishal Mehta (DIN: 03093563) as a: Managing

letter in Form No. PAS-4

together with an application form be issued to the proposed

allottee inviting them to subscribe to the Warrants, after

passing of this resolution with a stipulation that the allotment

would be made only upon receipt of In-principle approval

from the Stock Exchange(s) i.e., the BSE Limited and the

National Stock Exchange of India Limited within the timelines

prescribed under the applicable laws.

ReSOLVeD FURtHeR tHAt for the purpose of giving

effect to this resolution, the Board of Directors or Securities

Allotment Committee or any other committee constituted for

the purpose be and is hereby authorized to do all such acts,

deeds, matters and things as it may, in its absolute discretion,

deem necessary, desirable or expedient, including without

limitation, issuing clarifications, resolving all questions of

doubt effecting any modifications or changes to the foregoing

(including modification to the terms of the issue), entering

into contracts, arrangements, agreements, documents

(including for appointment of agencies, intermediaries and

advisors for the Issue) and to authorize all such persons as

may be necessary, in connection therewith and incidental

thereto as the Board in its absolute discretion shall deem

fit without being required to seek any fresh approval of the

Members and to settle all questions, difficulties or doubts

that may arise in regard to the offer, issue and allotment of

the Warrants and Equity Shares upon conversion and listing

of Equity Shares with the Stock Exchanges as appropriate

and utilization of proceeds of the issue, filing of requisite

documents with the Registrar of Companies, Depositories

and/ or such other authorities as may be necessary and

take all other steps which may be incidental, consequential,

relevant or ancillary in this connection and to effect any

modification to the foregoing and the decision of the Board

shall be final and conclusive.

ReSOLVeD FURtHeR tHAt the Board of Directors of the

Company be and is hereby authorized to delegate all or

any of the powers herein conferred, as it may deem fit in its

absolute direction to Securities Allotment Committee or any

other Committee of the Board or any one or more Director(s)

or any Officer(s) of the Company including making necessary

filings with the Stock Exchanges and Regulatory Authorities

and execution of any documents on behalf of the Company

and to represent the Company before any governmental

authorities and to appoint Consultants, Professional Advisors

and Legal Advisors to give effect to the aforesaid resolution.

ReSOLVeD FURtHeR tHAt all actions taken by the Board in

connection with any matter(s) referred to or contemplated in

any of the foregoing resolution be and are hereby approved,

ratified and confirmed in all respects."

item No. 8 – Approval pursuant to Section 185 of the

companies Act, 2013:

To consider and if deemed fit, to give assent or dissent to the

following resolution to be passed as a Special Resolution:

“ReSOLVeD tHAt pursuant to the provisions of Section

185 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act,

2013 (“the Act”) read with the Companies (Meetings of Board

and its Powers) Rules, 2014 and all other rules, regulations,

Statutory Reports:

Letter

etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly

authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote,

to the Company by e-mail at ir@ia.ooo

6.

Participation of Members through VC will be reckoned

for the purpose of quorum for the AGM as per Section

103 of the Act.

7.

In line with the aforesaid Circulars, the Notice of AGM

along with Annual Report 2021-22 is being sent only

through electronic mode to those Members whose

email addresses are registered with the Company/

Depositories. Member may note that Notice and

Annual Report 2021-22 has been uploaded on the

website of the Company at www.ia.ooo. The Notice and

Annual Report 2021-22 can also be accessed from the

websites of the Stock Exchanges i.e. the BSE Limited

and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited at

www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com respectively

and the AGM Notice is also available on the e-voting

website of Link Intime India Private Limited (“Link

Intime”) (agency for providing the Remote e-Voting

facility) i.e. https://instavote.linkintime.co.in .

8.

We urge Members to support our commitment to

environmental protection by choosing to receive the

Company’s communication through email. Members

holding shares in demat mode, who have not registered

their email addresses are requested to register their

email addresses with their respective depository

participants, and Members holding shares in physical

mode are requested to update their email addresses

with the Company by providing necessary details like

Folio No., Name of the shareholder by email to ir@

ia.ooo to receive copies of the Annual Report 2021-22

in electronic mode.

9.

The Register of Members and Share Transfer Books of

the Company will remain closed from Friday, September

16, 2022 to Friday, September 23, 2022 (both days

inclusive) for the purpose of AGM.

10.

Shareholders seeking any information with regard

to financial statements or any matter to be placed at

the AGM are requested to write to the Company at

least 10 days before the meeting so as to enable the

management to keep the information ready.

11.

To support the “Green Initiative”, Members holding

shares in physical form are requested to notify/send

their email id and bank account details to the RTA of

the Company i.e. Link Intime. In addition, Members

holding shares in the demat form are requested to

contact their respective Depository Participant and

register their email id and bank account for receiving

all communication including Annual Report 2021-22,

Notices, Circulars, etc. from the Company electronically.

12.

Members are requested to intimate changes, if

any, pertaining to their name, postal address, email

address, telephone/ mobile numbers, Permanent

Account Number (PAN), mandates, nominations, power

of attorney, bank details such as, name of the bank and

branch details, bank account number, MICR code, IFSC

code, etc., to their DPs in case the shares are held in

electronic form and to the RTA in case the shares are

held in physical form.

13.

As per Regulation 40 of Listing Regulations, as amended,

securities of listed companies can be transferred only

in dematerialized form with effect from April 01, 2019,

except in case of request received for transmission or

transposition of securities. Further, SEBI vide its circular

no.

SEBI/HO/MIRSD/RTAMB/CIR/P/2020/166

dated

September 07, 2020 had fixed March 31, 2021 as the

cut-off date for re-lodgement of transfer deeds and the

shares that are re-lodged for transfer shall be issued

only in demat mode. In view of this and to eliminate

all risks associated with physical shares and for ease

of portfolio management, Members holding shares

Statutory Reports:

letter).

Click “confirm” (Your password is now generated).

2.

Click on ‘Login’ under ‘SHARe HOLDeR’ tab.

3.

Enter your User ID, Password and Image Verification (CAPTCHA) Code and click on

‘Submit’.

4.

After successful login, you will be able to see the notification for e-voting. Select ‘View’

icon.

5.

E-voting page will appear.

6.

Refer the Resolution description and cast your vote by selecting your desired option

‘Favour / Against’ (If you wish to view the entire Resolution details, click on the ‘View

Resolution’ file link).

7.

After selecting the desired option i.e. Favour / Against, click on ‘Submit’. A confirmation

box will be displayed. If you wish to confirm your vote, click on ‘Yes’, else to change

your vote, click on ‘No’ and accordingly modify your vote.

institutional Shareholders:

Institutional Shareholders (i.e. other than Individuals,

HUF, NRI etc.) and Custodians are required to log on the

e-voting system of LIIPL at https://instavote.linkintime.co.in

and register themselves as ‘custodian / Mutual Fund /

corporate Body’. They are also required to upload a scanned

certified true copy of the board resolution /authority: letter/

power of attorney etc. together with attested specimen

signature of the duly authorised representative(s) in PDF

format in the ‘custodian / Mutual Fund / corporate Body’

login for the Scrutinizer to verify the same.

individual Shareholders holding securities in Physical

mode & e-voting service Provider is LiNKiNtiMe, have

forgotten the password:



Click on ‘Login’ under ‘SHARe HOLDeR’ tab and

further Click ‘forgot password?’



Enter User iD, select Mode and Enter Image

Verification (CAPTCHA) Code and Click on ‘Submit’.



In case Shareholders/ Members is having valid email

address, Password will be sent to his / her registered

e-mail address.



Shareholders/ Members can set the password of his/

her choice by providing the information about the

particulars of the Security Question and Answer, PAN,

DOB/DOI, Bank Account Number (last four digits) etc.

as mentioned above.



The password should contain minimum 8 characters,

at least one special character (@!#$&*), at least one

numeral, at least one alphabet and at least one capital

letter.

individual Shareholders holding securities in demat

mode with NSDL/ cDSL have forgotten the password:



Shareholders/ Members who are unable to retrieve

User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and

Forget Password option available at abovementioned

depository/ depository participants website.



It is strongly recommended not to share your

password with any other person and take utmost

care to keep your password confidential.



For Shareholders/ Members holding shares in

physical form, the details can be used only for

voting on the resolutions contained in this Notice.



During the voting period, Shareholders/ Members

can login any number of time till they have voted

on the resolution(s) for a particular “Event”.

Statutory Reports

Managing Director (“MD”) of the Company and has

been associated with the Company for more than a decade.

With keen business acumen and strategic planning skills,

he has contributed immensely in shaping the long term

vision and mission of the Company with major emphasis on

business development in focus areas, undertaking of new

projects, achieving operational efficiencies and building upon

commercial successes. Under his guidance, the Company

has become one of the leading Fintech Companies of India.

His leadership is well reflected in the multi-fold growth of the

Company over the last few years. He was re-appointed as: Managing

letter of re-appointment of Mr. Piyushkumar

Sinha setting out the terms and conditions of appointment is

available electronically for inspection by the Members at the

Registered Office of the Company during normal business

hours on all working days except Saturdays and Sundays up

to the date of ensuing AGM.

Except Mr. Piyushkumar Sinha, the appointee and their

relatives, none of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel

of the Company or their relatives are in any way, concerned

or interested, financially or otherwise, in the proposed

resolution.

This Explanatory Statement may also be regarded as

a disclosure under applicable provisions of the Listing

Regulations.:

Managing Director

was appointed for period of five years on February

01, 2018. His tenure as the: Managing

Managing Director, Mr. Sunil Bhagat,

Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Shyamal Trivedi, Sr. Vice

President & Company Secretary of the Company have

been designated as the Key Managerial Personnel of

the Company pursuant to Sections 2 (51) and 203 of

the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies

(Appointment

and

Remuneration

of

Managerial

Personnel) Rules, 2014.

11. DecLARAtiON BY iNDePeNDeNt DiRectORS

The Company has received declarations from all the

Independent Directors of the Company confirming

that they meet with the criteria of independence as

prescribed under Section 149(6) of the Act and under

Listing Regulations. They have registered their names

in the Independent Directors data-bank. They have also

affirmed compliance to the Conduct for Independent

Directors as prescribed in Schedule IV of the Act. In the

opinion of the Board, the Independent Directors of the

Company fulfil the conditions specified under the Act

and Listing Regulations and are independent of the

management.

12. DiRectOR’S ReSPONSiBiLitieS StAteMeNt

Pursuant to the requirement of Section 134(5) of

the Act, the Board of Directors, to the best of their

knowledge and ability, confirm that:

(i)

in preparation of the annual accounts, the

applicable accounting standards have been

followed and there are no material departures;

(ii)

they have selected such accounting policies and

applied them consistently and made judgments

and estimates that are reasonable and prudent,

so as to give a true and fair view of the state of

affairs of the Company at the end of the Financial

Year 2022 and of the profit of the Company for

that period;

(iii)

they have taken proper and sufficient care for

maintenance of adequate accounting records

in accordance with the provisions of the Act, for

safeguarding the assets of the Company and

for preventing and detecting fraud and other

irregularities;

(iv)

they have prepared the annual accounts on a

going concern basis;

(v)

they have laid down internal financial controls to

be followed by the Company and such internal

financial controls are adequate and operating

effectively;

(vi)

they have devised proper systems to ensure

compliance with the provisions of all applicable

laws and that such systems were adequate and

operating effectively.

13. FAMiLiARiZAtiON PROGRAMMe

The

details

of

the

familiarization

programme

undertaken during the year have been provided in the

Corporate Governance Report which forms part of this

Report.

14. NUMBeR OF MeetiNGS OF tHe BOARD OF

DiRectORS

The Board of Directors met 06 (Six) times during the

year under review. The details of board meetings and

the attendance of the Directors are provided in the

Corporate Governance Report, which forms part of this

Report.

15. NOMiNAtiON AND ReMUNeRAtiON POLicY

The Company has formulated and adopted the

Nomination and Remuneration Policy in accordance

with the provisions of the Act read with the Rules issued

thereunder and the Listing Regulations.

This Policy is available on the website of the Company

i.e. https://www.ia.ooo/code-of-conduct-policies.

We affirm that the remuneration paid to the Directors

is as per the terms laid out in the Remuneration Policy

of the Company.

16. BOARD eVALUAtiON

Pursuant to applicable provisions of the Act and

the Listing Regulations, the Board, in consultation

with its Nomination & Remuneration Committee,

has formulated a framework containing, inter-alia,

the criteria for performance evaluation of the entire

Board of the Company, its Committees and individual

Directors, including Independent Directors.:

Managing Director of the Company has not

received any remuneration or commission from

any of Company’s subsidiary;



The Company has not issued Equity Shares

with differential rights as to dividend, voting or

otherwise;



The Company has not issued any Sweat Equity

Shares to its Directors or Employees;



Interested Directors were recused from the

discussion of the agenda items, in which they

were interested, of the Board or Committee

meetings held during the year;



There has been no change in the nature of

business of your Company.

43. AcKNOWLeDGeMeNtS

Your Directors place on record their appreciation for

the contributions made by all employees, without

whom the exemplary performance of the Company

year after year, would not have been possible.

The Board places on record its appreciation for the

continued co-operation and support extended to the

Company by customers, vendors, regulators, banks,

financial institutions, rating agencies, Stock Exchanges,

depositories, auditors, legal advisors, consultants and

business associates with whose help, cooperation and

hard work the Company is able to achieve the results.

The Board deeply acknowledges the trust and

confidence placed by the customers of the Company

and all its Stakeholders.

For and on behalf of Board of Directors

Ajit Mehta

Place: Gandhinagar

Chairman

Date: August 25, 2022

[DIN: 01234707]

Statutory Reports:

Managing Director

DIN: 03093563

Ajit Mehta

Chairman

DIN: 01234707

Sunil Bhagat

Chief Financial Officer

Shyamal trivedi

Sr. Vice President & Company Secretary

Statutory Reports:

letter of

the law, Corporate Governance standards should go

beyond the law.

•

Appropriate composition and size of the Board, with

each member bringing in expertise in their respective

domains;

•

Availability of information to the Members of the Board

and Board Committees to enable them to discharge

their fiduciary duties;

•

Timely disclosure of material operational and financial

information to the stakeholders;

•

Systems and processes in place for internal control;

•

Proper business conduct by the Board, Senior

Management and Employees;

•

Embracing a trusteeship model in which the

management is the trustee of the Shareholders’ capital;

and

•

Making

a

clear

distinction

between

personal

convenience and corporate resources.

The Company has adopted a Code of Conduct for its

employees including the Directors and the Key Managerial

Personnel(s) (“KMPs”). In addition, the Company has adopted

a Code of Conduct for Independent Directors which suitably

incorporates the duties of Independent Directors as laid

down in the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”). The Company’s

Corporate Governance philosophy has been further

strengthened through the Code of Conduct for Prevention of

Insider Trading and the Code of Practices and Procedures for

Fair Disclosure of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information.

SHAReHOLDeRS

The Act and the Listing Regulations prescribed the

governance mechanism by Shareholders in terms of passing

of ordinary and special resolutions, voting rights, participation

in the corporate actions such as bonus issue, buyback of

shares, declaration of dividend, etc. Your Company follows

a robust process to ensure that the Shareholders of the

Company are well informed of Board decisions both on

financial and non-financial matters and adequate notice with

a detailed explanation is sent to the Shareholders well in

advance to obtain necessary approvals.

BOARD OF DiRectORS

The Board is responsible for and committed to sound

principles of Corporate Governance in the Company. The

Board, along with its Committees, provides leadership and

guidance to the management and directs and supervises

the performance of the Company, thereby, enhancing

stakeholders’ value.

The Board provides strategic guidance and independent

views to the Company’s senior management while

discharging its fiduciary responsibilities.

a)

composition and category of Directors

The Company has a well diversified Board and have

an appropriate mix of Executive, Non-Executive and:

Managing Director and

Four Independent Directors including One Woman Independent Director. The Board periodically evaluates the need

for change in its size and composition.

The present strength of the Board reflects a judicious mix of professionalism, competence and sound knowledge which

enables the Board to provide effective leadership to the Company.

b)

Directors’ Directorships/committee Memberships

In accordance with Regulation 26 of the Listing Regulations, none of the Directors are Members in more than 10

committees excluding private limited companies, foreign companies and companies under Section 8 of the Act or acts

as a Chairperson of more than 5 committees across all listed entities in which he/she is a Director. The Audit Committee

and Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee are only considered in computation of limits. Further, all Directors have

informed about their Directorships, Committee Memberships/Chairmanships, including any changes in their positions

during the year. Relevant details of the Board of Directors as on March 31, 2022 are given below:

Name of Directors*

category

No. of Board

Meeting held and

attended during

the year

No. of

Directorship

in other

Public

company**

No. of committee

positions held in

other companies

Attendance

at the last

AGM held

on 23-09-

2021 Yes

/ No

Directorship in other

listed entity (category of Directorship)

Held

Attended

chairman Member

Mr. Ajit Mehta

DIN: 01234707

Promoter/

Non-Executive

Chairman

06

06

02

0

0

Yes

-

Mr. Vishal Mehta

DIN: 03093563

Promoter/

Managing

Director

06

06

06

0

0

Yes

-

Mr. Vishwas Patel

DIN: 00934823

Executive

Director

06

06

03

0

0

Yes

-

Mr. Keyoor Bakshi

DIN: 00133588

Independent

Director

06

06

08

03

04#

Yes

1. Kiri Industries Limited

(Non-Executive, Independent Director)

2. Gokul Agro Resources Limited

(Non-Executive, Independent Director)

3. Saanvi Advisors Limited

(Non-Executive, Independent Director)

4. TTL Enterprises Limited

(Director)

5. Innovative Tyres & Tubes Limited

(Non-Executive, Independent Director)

6. Praveg Communications (India) Limited

(Non-Executive, Independent Director)

Mr. Roopkishan Dave

DIN: 02800417

Independent

Director

06

02

05

0

2

Yes

1. DRC Systems India Limited

(Non-Executive, Independent Director)

Ms. Vijaylaxmi Sheth

DIN: 07129801

Independent

Director

06

06

00

0

0

Yes

-

Mr. Piyushkumar

Sinha

DIN: 00484132

Independent

Director

06

06

03

0

0

Yes

1. Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers &

Chemicals Limited

(Non-Executive, Independent Director)

2. Silver Touch Technologies Limited

(Non-Executive, Independent Director)

* Profile of the Directors is available on the website of the Company at https://www.ia.ooo/board-of-Directors.

**The Directorship held by the Directors, as mentioned above excludes alternate Directorships, Directorships in foreign companies, Companies under Section

8 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Private Limited Companies, which were not the subsidiaries of Public Limited Companies.

# Membership includes Chairmanship position.

Statutory Reports:

Managing Director of the Company for a further period of Five years w.e.f. February 01,

2023.

(ii)

Mr. Vishwas Patel as an Executive Director of the Company for a further period of Five years w.e.f. August 14,

2023.

(iii)

Mr. Piyushkumar Sinha as an Independent Director of the Company for a second term of five years w.e.f. February

14, 2023.:

Managing Director / Promoter

23,98,37,600*

8.96

3.

Mr. Vishwas Patel

Executive Director

30,63,82,648*

11.45

4.

Mr. Keyoor Bakshi

Non-Executive Director/ Independent

Nil

0.00

5.

Mr. Roopkishan Dave

Non-Executive Director/ Independent

2,000*

0.00

6.

Ms. Vijaylaxmi Sheth

Non-Executive Director/ Independent

Nil

0.00

7.

Mr. Piyushkumar Sinha

Non-Executive Director/ Independent

Nil

0.00

* Increase in no. of Shares pursuant to the Bonus Issue in the ratio of 1:1 as on the Record Date i.e. March 15, 2022.

The Company has not issued any convertible instruments to any Directors of the Company during the Financial Year

2021-22.

f)

evaluation of the Board effectiveness:

In terms of applicable provisions of the Act read with Rules framed thereunder and Part D of Schedule II of the Listing

Regulations and on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors

has put in place a process to formally evaluate the effectiveness of the Board, its Committees along with performance

evaluation of each Director to be carried out on an annual basis. The Board evaluation framework has been designed

in compliance with the requirements under the Act and the Listing Regulations. Accordingly, the annual performance

evaluation of the Board, its Committees and each Director was carried out for the Financial Year 2021-22.

Structured questionnaires were prepared to evaluate the performance of the Board as a whole, individual performance

of each Director and self – assessment carried out by the Directors. The parameters of the performance evaluation

process for Directors, inter alia, includes, effective participation in meetings of the Board, Contribution in strategy

and other areas impacting Company’s performance, domain knowledge, attendance of Director(s), etc. In assessing

the overall performance of the Board, the parameters included qualifications, experience and competency (in area

of law, finance, accounting, economics, management, administration or another area relevant to the field in which

the Company operates), bringing his/her experience and credibility to bear on the critical areas of performance of

the organization, giving fair chance to other Members to contribute, participates actively in the discussions and is

consensus oriented. The questionnaires for assessing the performance of the Committees of the Board included

aspects like understanding of the terms of reference by the Committee Members, adequacy of the composition of the

Committees, effectiveness of the discussions at the Committee meetings, information provided to the Committee to

discharge its duties, performance of the Committee vis-à-vis its responsibilities, etc.

Regular evaluation of the Directors’ creates more confidence in the integrity of the Company, the quality of the

discussions at Board meetings, the credibility of the reports and information they receive, the level of interpersonal

cohesion between Board Members and the degree of Board knowledge which enable Board Members, individually

and collectively, to develop the key skills required to meet foreseeable requirements with timely preparation, agreed

strategies and appropriate development goals.

The Board of Directors at its meeting held on March 15, 2022, has noted the overall feedback on the performance of the

Directors and the Board as a whole and its Committees. The overall outcome of this exercise to evaluate effectiveness

of the Board and its Committees was positive and Members expressed their satisfaction.

g)

independent Directors:

The Company has on its Board, a group of eminent Independent Directors who have brought in an independent

judgement to the Board’s deliberations including issues of strategy, risk management and overall governance. They

have played a pivotal role in safeguarding the interests of all stakeholders.

The Independent Directors have submitted declaration(s)/disclosures under Section 149(7) of the Act and Regulation

25(8) of the Listing Regulations and have confirmed that they meet the criteria of Independence laid down under

Statutory Reports:

Managing Director of the

Company does not serve as an Independent Director

in any listed entity.

Policy of Code of Conduct and Term & Conditions of

Appointment of Independent Director is placed on

your Company’s website at https://www.ia.ooo/code-

of-conduct-policies.

h)

independent Directors’ Meeting:

Schedule IV of the Act and the Rules thereunder

mandate that the Independent Directors of the

Company shall hold at least one meeting in a year,

without the attendance of Non-Independent Directors

and Members of the Management. During the year

under review, the Independent Directors met on March

15, 2022, without the attendance of Non-Independent

Directors and Members of the management, inter alia,

to discuss on the following:

•

To review the performance of the Non-

Independent Directors and the Board as a whole;

•

Review the performance of the Chairperson

of your Company, taking into account views of

Executive / Non- Executive Directors; and

•

Assess the quality, quantity and timeliness of

flow of information between your Company’s

management and the Board that was necessary

for the Board to effectively and reasonably

perform their duties.

i)

Familiarisation

Programme

for

independent

Directors:

The Company conducts a Familiarization Programme for

newly appointed Independent Directors to enable them

to be familiarized with the Company, its management

and its operations to gain clear understanding of their

roles, rights and responsibilities for enabling their

contribution to the Company. They are provided a

platform to interact with multiple levels of management

and are provided with all the documents required and/

or sought by them to have a good understanding of

Company’s operations, businesses and the industry

as a whole. They are updated on all business related

issues and new initiatives. They are also informed of

the important policies of your Company including the

Code of Conduct for Directors and Senior Management

Personnel and the Code of Conduct for Prevention of

Insider Trading.

Further, on an ongoing basis, Independent Directors

are regularly updated in the Board Meetings on

various matters inter-alia covering the Company’s and

its subsidiaries/associates businesses and operations,

industry and regulatory updates, strategy, finance, risk

management framework, role, rights, responsibilities

of the Independent Directors under various statutes

and other relevant matters.

As a process when a new Independent Director is

appointed, a familiarization programme is conducted

by the senior management team to apprise the newly

appointed Independent Director and whenever a new

member is appointed to a Board Committee, information

relevant to the functioning of the Committee and

the role and responsibility of Committee Members is

informed.

Brief details of the familiarization programme are

uploaded on the website of your Company, https://

www.ia.ooo/code-of-conduct-policies.

j)

Key Board qualifications, expertise and attributes:

The Board has identified the following skills/expertise/

competencies fundamental for the effective functioning

of the Company which are currently available with the

Board:

International Business

experience

Experience in leading businesses

in different geographies/markets

around the world

General management/

Governance

Strategic

thinking,

decision

making and protect interest of

all stakeholders

Financial skills

Understanding

the

financial

statements,

financial

controls,

risk management, mergers and

acquisition, etc.

Strategy and Planning

Appreciation of long-term trends,

strategic choices and experience in

guiding and leading management

teams

to

make

decisions

in

uncertain environments.

Technology and

Innovation

Experience

or

knowledge

of

emerging areas of technology such

as digital, artificial intelligence,

cyber security, data centre, data

security etc.

The following is the list of core skills/competencies

identified by the Board of Directors as required in the

context of the Company’s business and that the said

skills are available within the Board Members::

Managing Director

Member

05

05

3.

Mr. Roopkishan Dave

Independent Director

Member

05

02

4.

Mr. Piyushkumar Sinha

Independent Director

Member

05

05

Note: Ms. Vijaylaxmi Sheth, Independent Director was appointed as a Member of Audit Committee w.e.f. August 24, 2022.

Mr. Shyamal Trivedi, Sr. Vice President & Company Secretary, acts as a Secretary to the Committee.

The Committee invites the Statutory Auditors, Internal Auditors and other related functional executives of the Company

to attend the meeting when required.

Date(s) on which meeting(s) were held

May 27, 2021

August 10, 2021

October 28, 2021

January 31, 2022

March 15, 2022

The Chairman of the Audit Committee was present at the last AGM held on September 23, 2021 to answer the

Shareholders’ queries.

The minutes of the Audit Committee Meetings are reviewed by the Board and taken note of.

Statutory Reports:

Managing Director

0.00

0.00

0.00

0.00

Mr. Vishwas Patel

Executive Director

0.00

0.00

0.00

0.00

Mr. Keyoor Bakshi

Independent Director

0.20

0.00

0.00

0.20

Mr. Roopkishan Dave

Independent Director

0.08

0.00

0.00

0.08

Ms. Vijaylaxmi Sheth

Independent Director

0.12

0.00

0.00

0.12

Mr. Piyushkumar Sinha

Independent Director

0.24

0.00

0.00

0.24

total

0.80

0.00

0.00

0.80

No Stock Option has been offered to the Directors during the Financial Year 2021-22.

The Executive Directors are not being paid sitting fees for attending meetings of the Board of Directors and its

committees. The Company has no pecuniary relationship with Non- Executive Independent Directors except for

payment of sitting fees for attending meetings of the Board/Committees thereof.

Performance evaluation:

In line with the provisions of the Act and SEBI Guidance Note on Board evaluation issued on January 5, 2017 read with

relevant provisions of the Listing Regulations and other applicable provisions, if any, the Board has carried out an

annual evaluation of its own performance and that of its Committees and individual Directors through the separate

meeting of Independent Directors and the Board as a whole. On the basis of performance evaluation of Independent

Directors, covers their attendance and contribution at Board/ Committee meetings, adherence to ethical standards

and code of conduct of the Company, inter-personal relationships with other Directors meaningful and constructive

contribution and inputs and the Board Committee meetings, etc.it is determined whether to extend or continue their

term of appointment, whenever their respective term expires.

The Independent Directors at their separate meeting reviewed the performance of the Non-Independent Directors

and the Board as a whole, Chairperson of the Company, and also took into consideration the views of the Executive

Directors and Non-Executive Directors, the quality, quantity and timeliness of flow of information between the Company

management and the Board.

The performance evaluation process for the Financial Year 2021-22 has been completed.:

Managing Director.

As on March 31, 2022, Mr. Sunil Bhagat is the CSR Officer of the Committee.

The Composition of the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company along with

the details of the meetings held and attended by the Members of the Committee during the Financial Year 2021-22 is

detailed below:

Sr. No.

Name of Members

category

Nature of Membership

Meeting (s) Details

Held

Attended

1.

Ms. Vijaylaxmi Sheth

Independent Director

Chairman

02

02

2.

Mr. Vishal Mehta: Managing Director

Member

02

02

3.

Mr. Piyush Kumar Sinha

Independent Director

Member

02

02

Date(s) on which meeting(s) were held

May 27, 2021

March 15, 2022

The minutes of the CSR Meetings are reviewed by the Board and taken note of.

the role of cSR committee is as under:

a.

Formulate and recommend to the Board, a CSR Policy which shall indicate the activities to be undertaken by the

Company as specified in Schedule VII in compliance with the Act and rules thereunder and review thereof;

b.

Formulate and recommend to the Board, an annual action plan in pursuance to CSR Policy.

c.

Recommend the amount of expenditure to be incurred on the activities;

d.

Monitor the implementation of framework of CSR Policy of the Company from time to time;

e.

Submit annual report of CSR activities to the Board;

f.

Review and monitor all CSR projects; and

g.

Such other activities as the Board of Directors may determine from time to time.

A CSR Policy indicating the activities to be undertaken by the Company as specified in Schedule VII of the Act and the

CSR Expenditure thereon. The CSR policy of the Company is available on the website of the Company https://www.

ia.ooo/code-of-conduct-policies.

5.

RiSK MANAGeMeNt cOMMittee:

The composition of the Committee is in conformity with the Listing Regulations, with majority of Members being

Directors of the Company.

The Committee is required to lay down the procedures to inform to the Board about the risk assessment and minimisation

procedures and the Board shall be responsible for framing, implementing and monitoring the risk management plan

of the Company.

The Composition of the Risk Management Committee as at March 31, 2022 is as under:

Sr. No.

Name of Member

category

Nature of Membership

Meeting (s) Details

Held

Attended

1

Mr. Vishal Mehta

Managing Director

Managing Director

Chairman

02

02

2

Mr. Vishwas Patel

Executive Director

Member

02

02

3

Mr. Piyushkumar Sinha

Independent Director

Member

02

02

4

Ms. Vijaylaxmi Sheth

Independent Director

Member

02

02

Date(s) on which meeting(s) were held

March 01, 2022

March 16, 2022

SUBSiDiARY cOMPANieS

As on March 31, 2022, Your Company does not have a material subsidiary Company in terms of Regulation 16 of the Listing

Regulations. A synopsis of the minutes of the Board Meetings of the Subsidiary Companies are placed at the Board meeting

of your Company on a periodical basis. The Audit Committee reviews the Financial Statements including investments by the

unlisted subsidiary Companies.

The Policy for determining “material” subsidiaries has been placed on the website of your Company i.e. www.ia.ooo.:

Managing Director

Date: August 25, 2022

[DiN: 03093563]:

Managing Director and Sunil Bhagat, Chief Financial Officer of Infibeam Avenues Limited hereby certify

that:

A.

We have reviewed financial statements and the cash flow statement for the Financial Year ended on March 31, 2022

and that to the best of our knowledge and belief:

1.

These statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements

that might be misleading;

2.

These statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with

existing accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.

B.

To the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the Financial Year

2021-22, which are fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company’s code of conduct.

C.

We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and we have evaluated

the effectiveness of internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting and we have disclosed to

the auditors and the audit committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls, if any, of which

we are aware and the steps we have taken or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies.

D.

We have indicated to the Auditors and the Audit committee that:

1.

There has not been any significant change in internal control over financial reporting during the year;

2.

There has not been any significant change in accounting policies during the year; and

We are not aware of any instances of significant fraud with involvement therein, of the management or an employee having

a significant role in the Company’s internal control system over financial reporting.

Place: Gandhinagar

Date: May 09, 2022

Vishal Mehta: Managing

Managing Director

(b)

Details of the BR head

Sr. No.

Particulars

Details

1.

DIN

03093563

2.

Name of Director

Mr. Vishal A. Mehta

3.

Designation: Managing

letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this report.

Statutory Reports:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to

express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.

2.

We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the

correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct

facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable

basis for our opinion.

3.

We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.

4.

Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and

regulations and happening of events etc.

5.

The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the

responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.

6.

The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or

effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

Place: Ahmedabad

Signature:

Date: 25th August, 2022

Name of practicing CS

: Ashish C. Doshi, Partner

SPANJ & ASSOCIATES

Company Secretaries

ACS/FCS No.

: F3544

C P No

:

2356

P R Certi No.

: 702/2020

UDIN

:

F003544D000847497

ANNeXURe - A:

Managing Director

DiN : 03093563

Vijaylaxmi Sheth

Chairman, CSR Committee

DiN : 07129801

Statutory Reports:

Managing Director

NIL

All other Directors

NIL

II

Percentage increase in remuneration of each of the Director, the

Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Executive Officer, the Company

Secretary or the Manager, if any, in the Financial Year

category

% increase in remuneration

in the Financial Year

Directors

NIL

Key Managerial Personnel

27%

III

Percentage increase in the median remuneration of employees

in the Financial Year

25%

IV

Number of permanent employees on the rolls of Company

647

V

Average percentile increase already made in the salaries of

employees other than the managerial personnel in the last

Financial Year and its comparison with the percentile increase in

the managerial remuneration and justification thereof and point

out if there are any exceptional circumstances for increase in the

managerial remuneration

The average increase in salaries of employees other than the

managerial personnel in the last Financial Year was 26% and

27% for managerial personnel

VI

Affirmation that the remuneration is as per the Remuneration

Policy of the Company

It is affirmed that the remuneration is as per the Remuneration

Policy of the Company.

NOteS:

1.

Shares allotted under ESOP Scheme of the Company have not been included in the above.

2.

The Non-Executive Directors are paid only sitting fees for attending the meetings of the Board and its Committees. The

ratio of remuneration and percentage increase in remuneration of these Directors is therefore not considered for the

above.:

Managing Director

DIN: 03093563

Gandhinagar

Date: May 09, 2022

Ajit Mehta

Chairman

DIN: 01234707

Gandhinagar

Date: May 09, 2022

Sunil Bhagat

Chief Financial Officer

Gandhinagar

Date: May 09, 2022

Shyamal trivedi

Company Secretary

Gandhinagar

Date: May 09, 2022

Balance Sheet

as at March 31,2022:

Managing Director

DIN: 03093563

Gandhinagar

Date: May 09, 2022

Ajit Mehta

Chairman

DIN: 01234707

Gandhinagar

Date: May 09, 2022

Sunil Bhagat

Chief Financial Officer

Gandhinagar

Date: May 09, 2022

Shyamal trivedi

Company Secretary

Gandhinagar

Date: May 09, 2022

Statement of Profit and Loss

for the year ended March 31, 2022:

Managing Director

DIN: 03093563

Gandhinagar

Date: May 09, 2022

Ajit Mehta

Chairman

DIN: 01234707

Gandhinagar

Date: May 09, 2022

Sunil Bhagat

Chief Financial Officer

Gandhinagar

Date: May 09, 2022

Shyamal trivedi

Company Secretary

Gandhinagar

Date: May 09, 2022:

Managing Director

DIN: 03093563

Gandhinagar

Date: May 09, 2022

Ajit Mehta

Chairman

DIN: 01234707

Gandhinagar

Date: May 09, 2022

Sunil Bhagat

Chief Financial Officer

Gandhinagar

Date: May 09, 2022

Shyamal trivedi

Company Secretary

Gandhinagar

Date: May 09, 2022:

Managing Director

Vishal Ajit Mehta

Executive Director

Vishwas Ambalal Patel

Non-executive Directors

Malav Ajit Mehta (upto June 05, 2020)

Ajit Champaklal Mehta

Roopkishan Sohanlal Dave:

Managing Director

DIN: 03093563

Gandhinagar

Date: May 09, 2022

Ajit Mehta

Chairman

DIN: 01234707

Gandhinagar

Date: May 09, 2022

Sunil Bhagat

Chief Financial Officer

Gandhinagar

Date: May 09, 2022

Shyamal trivedi

Company Secretary

Gandhinagar

Date: May 09, 2022:

Managing Director

DIN: 03093563

Gandhinagar

Date: May 09, 2022

Ajit c Mehta

Chairman

DIN: 01234707

Gandhinagar

Date: May 09, 2022

Sunil Bhagat

Chief Financial Officer

Gandhinagar

Date: May 09, 2022

Shyamal trivedi

Company Secretary

Gandhinagar

Date: May 09, 2022

Consolidated Balance Sheet

as at March 31,2022:

Managing Director

DIN: 03093563

Gandhinagar

Date: May 09, 2022

Ajit c Mehta

Chairman

DIN: 01234707

Gandhinagar

Date: May 09, 2022

Sunil Bhagat

Chief Financial Officer

Gandhinagar

Date: May 09, 2022

Shyamal trivedi

Company Secretary

Gandhinagar

Date: May 09, 2022

Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss

for the year ended March 31, 2022:

Managing Director

DIN: 03093563

Gandhinagar

Date: May 09, 2022

Ajit c Mehta

Chairman

DIN: 01234707

Gandhinagar

Date: May 09, 2022

Sunil Bhagat

Chief Financial Officer

Gandhinagar

Date: May 09, 2022

Shyamal trivedi

Company Secretary

Gandhinagar

Date: May 09, 2022:

Managing Director

DIN: 03093563

Gandhinagar

Date: May 09, 2022

Ajit c Mehta

Chairman

DIN: 01234707

Gandhinagar

Date: May 09, 2022

Sunil Bhagat

Chief Financial Officer

Gandhinagar

Date: May 09, 2022

Shyamal trivedi

Company Secretary

Gandhinagar

Date: May 09, 2022:

Managing Director

Vishal Ajit Mehta

Executive Director

Vishwas Ambalal Patel

Non-executive Directors

Malav Ajit Mehta (upto June 05, 2020)

Ajit Champaklal Mehta

Roopkishan Sohanlal Dave

Keyoor Madhusudan Bakshi

Vijaylaxmi Tulsidas Sheth

Piyushkumar Sinha

Chief Financial Officer (CFO)

Hiren Padhya (upto March 18, 2022)

Sunil Bhagat (with effect from March 19, 2022)

Company Secretary (CS)

Shyamal Trivedi

Relatives of KMP

Jayshree Ajit Mehta

Nirali Vishal Mehta

Malav A. Mehta (with effect from June 06, 2020)

Anoli Malav Mehta

Varini Vishwas Patel

Vivek Vishwas Patel

Mokshadaben Sheth

Associate company

Avenues Payments India Private Limited (upto April 29, 2021)

Instant Global Paytech Private Limited (upto May 05, 2020)

DRC Systems India Limited (with effect from April 01, 2020)

Infibeam Global EMEA FZ LLC:

Managing Director

DIN: 03093563

Gandhinagar

Date: May 09, 2022

Ajit c Mehta

Chairman

DIN: 01234707

Gandhinagar

Date: May 09, 2022

Sunil Bhagat

Chief Financial Officer

Gandhinagar

Date: May 09, 2022

Shyamal trivedi

Company Secretary

Gandhinagar

Date: May 09, 2022:

