letter which is annexed as Annexure-A and forms an integral part of this

report.:

letter.

1.

Maintenance of Secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. My

responsibility is to express an opinion on these secretarial records based on my audit.

2.

I have followed the audit practices and process as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about

the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure

that correct facts are reflected in Secretarial records. I believe that the process and practices, I followed

provide a reasonable basis for my opinion.

3.

I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the

Company.

4.

Wherever required, I have obtained the Management representation about the Compliance of laws, rules

and regulations and happening of events, etc.

5.

The Compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is

the responsibility of management. My examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test

basis.

6.

The compliance by the Company of the applicable financial laws like direct and indirect tax laws and

maintenance of financial records and books of accounts has not been reviewed by me since the same have

been subject to review by statutory auditors and other professionals.

7.

The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the

efficacy or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

8.

Under the situation of Covid-19 pandemic prevailing during certain part of audit period, the audit for that

part of the period was conducted with the verification of all the documents, records and other information

electronically as provided by the management.

Date: 02/06/2022

Place: Hyderabad

For D V Rao & Associates

Company Secretaries

CS Vasudeva Rao Devaki

Practicing Company Secretary

FCS # 8888; COP # 12123:

Managing Director or the Chief Executive Officer

As on date, the positions of the Chairperson and the: Managing

Managing Director of the Company and in this regard, to consider and if thought fit, to

pass, with or without modification(s), the following resolution as a Special Resolution::

Managing Director of the

Company for a period of five (5) years, effective from June 06, 2022, not liable to retire by rotation;

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 197, 198, 203, Schedule V and other

applicable provisions, if any, the Act and the rules made thereunder, including any amendment(s) thereto or

re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force, consent of the members be and is hereby accorded to pay

remuneration to Mr. Venkata Satya Naga Sreekanth Nadella (DIN: 08659728), including the remuneration to

be paid in the event of loss or inadequacy of profits in any financial year, as set out below which may be in

excess to 5% of the net profit of the Company computed in the manner stipulated in Section 198 of the Act:

i.

An amount not exceeding Rs. 4 Crore per annum, with Rs. 2.8 Crore as the fixed compensation

and Rs. 1.2 Crore as the target variable compensation, subject to the provisions of the Act, which

includes salary, allowances and perquisites;

ii.

Stock options not exceeding the limits specified in KFin Stock Option Plan, 2020 or any other Plan

or Scheme as may be approved by the Board from time to time and the perquisite value arising out

of exercise of such stock options (already granted or as may be granted from time to time);

iii.

Medical reimbursement as per the rules of the Company;

iv.

The Company’s contribution to Provident Fund, National Pension Scheme, superannuation or

annuity fund, gratuity payable and encashment of leave, as per the rules of the Company, shall be

in addition to the remuneration as aforesaid;

v.

Increment in salary, perquisites and allowances and remuneration by way of incentive / bonus /

performance linked incentive, payable as may be determined by the Board and /or the Nomination

and Remuneration Committee of the Board, shall be in addition to the remuneration as above;

vi.

Entitled to be reimbursed from the Company all the expenses incurred by him on behalf of the

Company;

vii.

Other terms and conditions as approved by the Board of Directors earlier will remain same.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the consent of the members be and is hereby accorded for payment of

aforesaid remuneration even if due to the above payment the total managerial remuneration is in excess to

the over-all limit specified in Section 197 of the Act for respective year;

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors (hereinafter referred to as “the Board” which

term shall include the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board) be and is hereby authorised

to alter and vary remuneration as it may deem fit within the aforesaid limit;:

Managing Director of the Company for a period of five (5) years with effect from

June 06, 2022.

Pursuant to Section 197 of the Act, the total managerial remuneration payable by a public company, to its

Directors, including: Managing

managing director, IBM Global Services India Private Limited

as transformation manager, Capita Offshore Services Private Limited as

transition manager, Callhealth Services Private Limited as chief operating

officer and Indian School of Business as their finance manager.

Past remuneration

F.Y. 2021-22: Rs. 2,69,35,658/-

Remuneration proposed

As recommended by the Board, the proposed remuneration may exceed the

limit prescribed under Sections 197 and 198 of the Companies Act, 2013

read with Schedule V.

Comparative

remuneration

profile with respect to industry,

size of the company, profile of

the position and person (in case

of

expatriates

the

relevant

details would be with respect to

the country of his origin)

The remuneration proposed is as per Sections 197 and 198 of the

Companies Act, 2013 read with Schedule V and is comparable to the

remuneration levels of similar sized companies in similar industry.

Pecuniary relationship directly

or indirectly with the company,

or

relationship

with

the

managerial personnel, if any

No pecuniary relationship except remuneration as Whole-time Director and

CEO of the Company.

III. OTHER INFORMATION

Reasons of special resolution

for

payment

of

proposed

remuneration

in

case

of

inadequate profits

Presently there is no inadequacy of profits for payment of remuneration to

the Directors, however, to enable the continuity in payment of

remuneration, it is proposed to seek the approval of members by special

resolution.

Steps taken or proposed to be

taken for improvement

Not Applicable

Expected

increase

in

productivity and profits in

measurable terms

Not Applicable

The Company has received the notice under Section 160 of the Companies Act, 2013 from Mr. Venkata Satya

Naga Sreekanth Nadella signifying his candidature for appointment as the: Managing

