Letter from Chairman’s Desk

12 ................: Letter from the CEO & MD and President & Joint MD

16 ................Key Performance Indicators

18 ................Highlights of the Year

24 ................Powering Software-Defined Vehicles (SDVs) globally

Statutory Reports

26 ...............Board Report

61 ................Management Discussion and Analysis

64 ...............Report on Corporate Governance

101 ..............Enterprise Risk Management Report

105 .............R & D Activities

115 ..............Community Initiatives

134 .............Additional Shareholders Information

Financial Statements

146 .............Standalone Financial Statements.

228 ............Consolidated Financial Statements

315 .............Notice

351 ..............Communication to shareholders

CONTENT

To attend 5th Annual General Meeting via

video conferencing and to e-vote, Members

are requested to follow the instructions

provided in the Notice.

Cut-off date: Wednesday, August 17, 2022

Remote e-Voting Period:

1. Friday, August 19, 2022 at 1.00 p.m. to

Tuesday, August 23, 2022 at 5.00 p.m.

2. During the AGM (“insta poll”)

Read this Annual Report online

www.kpit.com

5th Annual General

Meeting

Wednesday, August 24, 2022

10.30 AM IST

Video conferencing and e-voting

https://emeetings.kfintech.com

Managing Director

Sachin Tikekar

Co-founder, President &

Joint: Managing

LETTER FROM CHAIRMAN’S DESK

Dear Fellow KPITians,

It is my pleasure to pen this annual: letter to you.

In this letter, I would like to talk about our journey so

far, the road that we see ahead of us and sustainability,

a key driver for our work.

You would recollect that in the year 2018, we took a

major strategic decision to be a company focussed

on automotive-embedded software rather than being

a general software company i.e inch-wide mile-deep

rather than mile–wide inch–deep.

We committed ‘to know automotive better than any

other software company in the world and to know

software better than any automotive company’.

Since then, we have seen the automotive and

mobility industry undergoing a once-in-a-century

transformation toward Software-Defined Vehicles

(SDV). This is in line with the goal of the industry to

achieve global sustainability. We have contributed to

this transformation.

Let me now turn to the current status and the

way forward.

Performance of the year gone by

The Company turned in a stellar performance in

FY 2022, with over 19.5% growth in the top line

and 28% volume growth. The total revenues from

operations were ₹ 24,323.86 million (~ $ 328 million)

and EBITDA stood at ₹ 4,385.45 million (~ $ 59 million)

with a growth of 41.4% over last year. The year ended

with a net PAT of ₹ 2,762.43 million (~ $ 37 million,

87% Y-O-Y growth) and saw continued focus on cash

conversion with 13 consecutive quarters of net

cash increase.

In line with our T-25 client strategy, we ensured

deepened focus and strategic relationships - the last

year saw more than 80% of the revenues come from

these T-25 clients.

As you would recollect, when we restructured our

company we had annualized revenues of $ 280+ million,

EBITDA Margins of 12.8%, and a staff strength of

6,600+. In the last quarter of FY 2022, our annualized

revenues were $ 348+ million and EBITDA margins

were 18.6%. The actual volume of work done is

reflected in our staff strength which grew from 6,614

to 8,245 in the last quarter. We can certainly say that

we have - amongst the largest team of embedded

software engineers in the world. We work with the top

letter), environmental

sustainability and social sustainability to improve the

lives of people.

I would like to share with you the actions that we have

taken in this regard so far. Our actions can be broadly

put into the following three categories-

1. The work we do and the solutions we offer

2. The way we work and carry out our operations

3. The way we engage with society through our

Corporate Social Responsibility initiatives, in every

market that we operate in.

Let me now turn to each one of them.

1. The work we do and the solutions we offer:

We work with our clients in areas of electrification,

autonomous driving, connected vehicles, software

standardization, and vehicle engineering and design.

Almost 40% of our revenues are from programmes and

software for the next-gen electric vehicles and from

increasing the efficiencies of conventional drivetrains.

This truly contributes to environmental sustainability.

Through the solutions in the areas of autonomous:

LETTER FROM THE CEO & MD AND

PRESIDENT & JOINT MD: Dear Stakeholders,

We would like to extend our best wishes to you and

your loved ones as we close out a year full of exciting

business opportunities coupled with tough times

induced by the pandemic and move towards building a

better world together.

The global Mobility Industry continues to undergo

a transformational change. Changes in consumer

preferences, hyper-connected devices, the proliferation

of data, climate changes, and increased awareness

about road safety are pushing the vehicles of the

future to be cleaner, smarter, and safer.

Vehicle makers across passenger to commercial

vehicles are investing in CASE (Connected,

Autonomous, Shared and Electric) technologies

to deliver and cater to the demands of the end

consumers and policymakers. As a result of the advent

of these technologies, vehicles have transformed from

being largely mechanical bodies to highly digitised,

intelligent, software-based machines. Software-

Defined Vehicles (SDVs) are gradually becoming the

primary driver of the emerging future of mobility.

Consequently, the core capabilities of OEMs, Tier 1

players and Mobility providers are rapidly shifting from

mechanical hardware to electronic hardware and

software, with the industry value chain also changing

from one-off hardware sales to software sales and

service premiums, followed by regular updates.

Towards Reimagining Mobility

Our Vision of ‘Reimagining Mobility with you for

the creation of a cleaner, smarter, and safer world’

perfectly aligns with the paradigm shift in mobility.

It allows us to think afresh, whether it is building

solutions, delivering globally, or learning and applying

emerging technologies, while developing solutions that

enable a cleaner, smarter and safer way of transporting

people and goods.

KPIT has emerged as an independent software

integrator and as a valuable partner for OEMs and Tier

1 players. The Company has striven relentlessly and

continues to work to provide defect-free software,

reduce time-to-market and share its 20+ years of

software integration experience.

Managing Director

President & Joint: Managing

Managing Director;

2. Ms. Priyamvada Hardikar - Chief Financial Officer;

3. Ms. Nida Deshpande – Company Secretary.

Board Meetings

Ten meetings of the Board of Directors were held

during the year. More details about the meetings are

available in the Report on Corporate Governance,

which forms a part of this Annual Report.

Committees of Board

The details regarding the Committees of the Board

of Directors of the Company are given in the report

on Corporate Governance, which forms a part of this

Annual Report.

Company’s Policy on Directors’ appointment and

compensation

The Nomination and Remuneration Policy of the

Company provides roles and responsibilities of the

Nomination and Remuneration (HR) Committee

and the criteria for evaluation of the Board

and compensation of the Directors and senior

management. Further, as per the policy, the said

Committee shall identify potential candidates for

becoming members of the Board and determining

the composition of the Board based on the need

and requirements of the Company from time to time

to bring out diversity in the Board and also identify

persons to be recruited in the senior management

of the Company and ensure the Companies

compensation packages and other human resource

practices are effective in maintaining a competent

workforce and make recommendations relating

thereto. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 134(3)

(e) of the Act, the said policy of the Company on the

appointment and compensation of Directors including

criteria for determining qualifications, positive

attributes, independence of a director and other

matters provided under Section 178(3) of the Act is

available on Company’s website at the link: https://

www.kpit.com/investors/#policies-reports-filings

Audit Committee Recommendations

During the year, all the recommendations of the

Audit Committee were accepted by the Board. The

composition of the Audit Committee is as mentioned

in the Report on Corporate Governance, which forms

a part of this Annual Report.

Corporate Social Responsibility

KPIT’s Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”) is

aligned to have a stronger commitment towards

the community. KPIT demonstrate its commitment

across all the regions of KPIT’s global presence. It

also aims to create long-lasting impact across the

focus areas of education, environment and employee

engagement. KPIT firmly believe, through technology

and innovation, KPIT can add significant values to

the communities worldwide. The Company had

constituted a Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)

Committee and has framed the Policy on Corporate

Social Responsibility as per the provisions of section

135 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Companies

(Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014.

The CSR Policy including annual action plan is

available on Company’s website at the link: https://

www.kpit.com/investors/#policies-reports-filings The

initiatives taken by the Company on CSR during the

year as per the said rules has been annexed to this

Report as “Annexure 5”.

Vigil mechanism/whistle blower policy

The Company has established a vigil mechanism/

whistle blower policy as per Regulation 22 of the SEBI

(LODR) Regulations, 2015 for Directors and employees

to report their genuine concerns. The details of

the same are explained in the Report on Corporate

Governance. The Policy on Vigil Mechanism & whistle

blower may be accessed on the Company’s website

at the link: https://www.kpit.com/investors/#policies-

reports-filings.

Auditors

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 139(1) of the Act,

read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules,

2014, M/s. B S R & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants,

were appointed as the Statutory Auditors of the

Company in the Annual General Meeting held on

August 29, 2018 for a period of five years.

The Notes on financial statements referred to in the

Auditors’ Report are self-explanatory and do not call:

Managing Director

and Ms. Priyamvada Hardikar, Chief Financial Officer,

pursuant to the provisions of regulation 17(8) of the

SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, for the year under

review was placed before the Board of Directors of the

Company at its meeting held on April 27, 2022.

A copy of such certificate forms a part of the Report on

Corporate Governance.

Cost Records

The Company is not required to maintain cost

records under the provisions of Section 148(1) of the

Companies Act, 2013.

Directors & Officers Insurance Policy

The Company has in place an insurance policy for its

Directors & Officers with a quantum and coverage as

approved by the Board.

Acknowledgments

We take this opportunity to thank all the shareholders

of the Company for their continued support.

We thank our customers, vendors, investors and

bankers for their continued support during the

year. We place on record our appreciation of the

contribution made by our employees at all levels. Our

consistent growth was made possible by their hard

work, solidarity, co-operation and support.

We further thank the governments of various

countries where we have our operations. We

also thank the Government of India, particularly

the Ministry of Communication and Information

Technology, the Ministry of Commerce, the Ministry

of Finance, the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, the

Customs and Excise Departments, the Income Tax

Department, the Reserve Bank of India, the State

Governments, the Software Development Centers

(SDCs)/Special Economic Zones (SEZs) – Bengaluru,

Pune and all other government agencies for their

support and look forward for their continued support

in future.

Pune

July 26, 2022

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

S. B. (Ravi) Pandit

Chairman of the Board:

letter of

Grant at the time of Grant.

Exercise price will be

the Market Price of the

Company, subject to

the condition that the

Exercise Price will not be

less than the face value of

the share (₹ 10/-) under

any circumstances.

The Offer Price per Share

shall be such price being

not less than the face

value of a Share of the

Company at the time of

the Offer.

5

Maximum term of

Options granted (years)

Pursuant to the Scheme

of Arrangement and the

Applicable Law, Company

has taken into account the

Vesting Period completed

under the KPIT ESOPs

prior to the Grant of

Options to the Employee

under the ESOP 2019.

The Exercise Period in

respect of an Option shall

be subject to a maximum

period of 5 (Five) years

from the date of Vesting

of such Option.

Not applicable to the

Scheme.

6

Method of Settlement

Settlement by issue of Equity shares

Not applicable to the

Scheme.:

Managing Director

Pune

July 26, 2022:

letter:

1. Maintenance of secretarial records is the

responsibility of the management of the Company.

My responsibility is to express an opinion on these

secretarial records based on my audit.

2. I have followed the audit practices and processes

as were appropriate to obtain reasonable

assurance about the correctness of the contents

of the secretarial records. The verification was

done on test-check basis to ensure that correct

facts are reflected in secretarial records. I believe

that the process and practices, I followed provide

a reasonable basis for my opinion.

3. I have not verified the correctness and

appropriateness of financial records and books of

accounts of the Company.

4. Wherever required, I have obtained Management

Representation about the compliance of laws,

rules and regulations and happening of events, etc.

5. The compliance of the provisions of corporate

and other applicable laws, rules, regulations,

standards are the responsibility of management.

My examination was limited to the verification of

procedures on test-check basis.

6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an

assurance as to future viability of the Company

nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which

the management has conducted the affairs of

the Company.

Dr. K. R. Chandratre

FCS No.: 1370, C. P. No.: 5144

UDIN: F001370D000221832

Peer Review Certificate No.: 1206/2021

Place: Pune

Date: 27 April 2022:

letter from the CEO and

the Joint MD.

Cautionary Statement

Certain statements under ‘Management Discussion

& Analysis’ describing the Company’s objectives,

projections, expectations may be forward looking

statements within the applicable securities laws and

regulations. Although the expectations are based on

reasonable assumptions, the actual results could

differ materially from those expressed or implied,

since the Company’s operations are influenced by

external and internal factors beyond the Company’s

control. The Company assumes no responsibility to

publicly amend, modify or revise any forward-looking

statements, basis any subsequent developments,

information or events.:

letter and spirit in the preparation of

financial statements taking into account the interest

of the stakeholders and the annual audit is conducted

by an independent and qualified auditor. Investor

updates and earnings call transcript are uploaded on

the Company’s website on quarterly basis. Further,

additional updates are provided to the stakeholders

on any matter that concerns them, as and when the

circumstances arise.

Our Board of Directors periodically reviews its

corporate strategies, annual budgets and sets,

implements and monitors corporate objectives.

It effectively monitors the Company’s governance

practices and ensures transparent Board processes.

Further, it appoints and compensates the key

executives and also monitors their performance. It

strives to maintain overall integrity of the accounting

and financial reporting systems.:

Managing Director of the Company with effect from April 1, 2022

$ Appointed with effect from December 22, 2021.

$$ Appointed with effect from September 15, 2021.

$$$ Appointed with effect from November 1, 2021.

B. Core competencies of the Board of Directors as per the requirements given in Schedule C of Corporate

Governance Report of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015:

The Board of Directors has identified skills/competencies/expertise such as Business Operations &

Management, Technical expertise, Business operations at Global Level including Industry knowledge, Strategy

and planning, Financial, Treasury Management and Taxation, Governance, Compliance and Risk Management in

order to assist the management and provide them advice in the business operations, which are available with

the current Board of Directors of the Company. The list of expertise/core skills/competencies identified by the

Board of Directors is detailed in Table 2.

Sr.

No.

Name of

Director

Category of

Directorship

at KPIT

Relationship

with the

Directors

No. of

Director

ships held

in Public

Companies*

No. of

Committee

Membership in

Companies@

No. of

Chairmanship

in

Committees@

Names of the listed entities

where the person is a director

and the category of directorship

Name of listed

entity

Category of

directorship

6

Mr. B V R

Subbu

Independent

None

3

1

2

1) MTAR

Technologies

Limited

2) Sona BLW

Precision

Forgings

Limited

Independent

Director

Independent

Director

7

Prof. Alberto

Sangiovanni

Vincentelli

Independent

None

1

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

8

Dr. Nickhil

Jakatdar

Independent

None

1

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil

9

Ms. Bhavna

Doshi$$

Independent

None

8

4

5

1. Nuvoco Vistas

corporation

Limited

2. Indusind

Bank Limited

3. Sun Pharma

Advanced

Research

Company

Limited

4. Everest

Industries

Limited

Independent

Director

Independent

Director

Independent

Director

Independent

Director

10

Prof. Rajiv

Lal$$$

Independent

None

1

Nil

Nil

Nil

Nil:

letter of appointment to

Independent Directors

The Company has issued formal appointment

letters to the Independent Directors and

brief terms & conditions of which have been

placed on the Company’s website.

5. Performance evaluation of

Independent Directors

The Nomination and Remuneration (HR)

Committee has laid down criteria for

performance evaluation of Independent

Directors, in its policy which are given below:

a) Attendance at Board meetings and Board

Committee meetings;

b) Chairmanship of the Board and Board

Committees;

c) Contribution and deployment of knowledge

and expertise at the Board and Committee

meetings;

d) Guidance and support provided to senior

management of the Company outside the

Board meetings;

e) Independence of behavior and

judgment; and

f) Impact and influence.

As a part of the annual Board evaluation,

detailed questionnaires were circulated to

all the Directors. On the basis of responses

received on these questionnaires, the

Chairman of the Board and the Chairman

of the Nomination and Remuneration (HR)

Committee evaluated the Board’s performance

and that of its committees. The Board also

conducted evaluation of independent directors

which included performance of directors and

fulfilment of criteria as specified in SEBI (LODR)

(Amendment) Regulations, 2018, and their

independence from the management, where the

independent directors did not participate.

6. Separate meeting of the Independent Directors

During FY 2021-22, a separate meeting of the

Independent Directors of the Company was held

on March 29, 2022.

7. Familiarization Programme for

Independent Directors

Our Directors, at the time of their

appointment, are provided with information

about the Company and its organization

structure, business model, vision and values,

latest published results and internal policies

to enable them to familiarize themselves with

the Company’s procedures and practices.

The new Directors are also invited for

meetings of Board of Directors and Board

Committees held before their appointment

which helps them to familiarize themselves

with the Company and its Board process.

A familiarization programme was also

conducted in the month of February, 2022.

The details of such familiarization programs

are uploaded on the website of the Company

(https://www.kpit.com/investors/#policies-

reports-filings).

Further, at every Board meeting, there are

detailed business presentations made which

are useful to the Directors in understanding

the business. The presentations are made by

the business leaders so that the Directors

are able to connect with the leaders and ask

them related questions.

D. Responsibilities of the Chairman and other

Executive Directors

Mr. S. B. (Ravi) Pandit is the Chairman of the

Board of Directors, Mr. Kishor Patil is the Chief

Executive Officer (CEO) &: Managing Director,

Mr. Sachin Tikekar, Whole-time Director is a

President & Joint Managing Director and Mr.

Anup Sable is a Whole-time Director of the

Company. The authorities and responsibilities

of each of the above Directors are clearly

demarcated as under:

The

Managing Director is in-charge of

the overall management of the Company. He

is specifically responsible for all day-to-day

operational issues like planning and executing

business, reviewing and guiding the country

offices, customer delivery units and support

functions and ensuring efficient and effective

functioning of the organization as a whole. He

has a particular focus and vision for growing

products and platforms. Currently, he is

focusing on creation and management of new

Product Business Units, executive sponsorship

of critical GAMs, management of key external

relationships in India & strategic infrastructure

projects. He is also responsible for building

strategic partnerships and integration of

acquired entities.

The Joint: Managing

Managing Director of the Company with effect from April 1, 2022

** Appointed with effect from December 22, 2021.

@ Appointed with effect from September 15, 2021.

@@ Appointed with effect from November 1, 2021.

# Resigned with effect from June 17, 2021.

I. Code of Conduct

The Company has adopted a Code of Conduct

for its Board members, senior management and

all employees and this Code has been posted on

the Company’s website. All the Board members

and senior management personnel affirm

compliance with the Code on an annual basis.

The declaration of the CEO &: Managing Director

to this effect is provided in this Report.

J. Vigil Mechanism and Whistle Blower Policy

In an effort to demonstrate the highest

standards of transparency, the Company has

adopted the ‘Vigil Mechanism’ and ‘Whistle

Blower Policy’, which has established a

mechanism for employees to express and

report their concerns to the management in

a fearless manner about unethical behavior,

fraud, violation of the code of conduct or ethics.

This mechanism also provides for adequate

safeguards against victimization of employees

who avail this mechanism and also provide

direct access to the

Managing Director (‘Non-

Executive Director), may be paid remuneration by

way of commission if the members of the Company,

authorize such payment. However, members of the

Company at their Annual General Meeting held on

Wednesday, August 25, 2021, have approved by way of

a special resolution:

1. Overall maximum managerial remuneration limit

payable to its directors, including: managing director,

whole-time director and manager, if any, in respect

of any financial year from 11% to 17% of the net

profits of the Company, computed in the manner as

laid down in section 198 of the Companies Act, 2013.

2. The limit of 5% or 10% (as applicable), as stipulated

in section 197(1)(i) of the Companies Act, 2013,

payable to any one or more managing directors

or whole-time directors of the Company in any

financial year to 8% or 15% respectively of the net

profits of the Company, computed in the manner

laid down in section 198 of the Companies Act,

2013 and in excess of limit under regulation 17(6)

(e) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015.

3. The limit of 1%, as stipulated in clause (ii)(A) of

the first proviso to section 197(1) of the Companies

Act, 2013, payable to Non-executive

Managing Director

This is to certify that the Company has laid down

code of conduct for all the Board members and

senior management personnel of the Company

and the same is uploaded on the website of the

Company www.kpit.com.

Further, certified that the members of the Board of

Directors and senior management personnel have

affirmed the compliance with the code applicable

to them during the year ended March 31, 2022.

Kishor Patil

CEO &: Managing Director

Pune

July 26, 2022

VII. CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

As required by Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V

of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, the certificate

on corporate governance issued by the Auditor is

annexed to this Report.

Further, during the years under review, there have

been no penalties, strictures imposed on the

Company by the stock exchanges and other statutory

authorities, on any matter relating to capital markets.

Lastly, the Company has also made the necessary

disclosures as required in sub-para (2) to (10) of Part

C of Schedule V of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015.

VIII. COMPLIANCE WITH MANDATORY

REQUIREMENTS

There were no non-compliances by the Company,

no penalties and strictures were imposed on the

Company by Stock Exchanges, SEBI or any statutory

authority, on any matter related to the capital markets,

during the year from April 1, 2021 to March 31, 2022.

The Company has complied with the all the mandatory

requirements of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015.

IX. COMPLIANCE AGAINST DISCRETIONARY

REQUIREMENTS OF THE SEBI (LODR)

REGULATIONS, 2015

1. The Company has appointed different persons for

the post of

letter dated 13

September 2019 and addendum to the engagement: letter dated 25 March 2022.

2. We have examined the compliance of conditions

of Corporate Governance by KPIT Technologies

Limited (“the Company”), for the year ended 31

March 2022, as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27,

clauses (b) to (i) of regulation 46(2) and paragraphs

C, D and E of Schedule V of the Securities

Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and

Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as

amended from time to time (“Listing Regulations”)

pursuant to the Listing Agreement of the Company

with Stock Exchanges.

Management’s Responsibility

3. The compliance of conditions of Corporate

Governance as stipulated under the listing

regulations is the responsibility of the Company’s

Management including the preparation and

maintenance of all the relevant records and

documents. This responsibility includes the design,

implementation and maintenance of internal

control and procedures to ensure the compliance

with the conditions of Corporate Governance

stipulated in the Listing Regulations.

Auditors’ Responsibility

4. Our examination was limited to procedures and

implementation thereof, adopted by the Company

for ensuring the compliance of the conditions of

the Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit

nor an expression of opinion on the financial

statements of the Company.

5. Pursuant to the requirements of the Listing

Regulations, it is our responsibility to provide

a reasonable assurance whether the Company

has complied with the conditions of Corporate

Governance as stipulated in Listing Regulations for

the year ended 31 March 2022.

6. We conducted our examination of the above

corporate governance compliance by the Company

in accordance with the Guidance Note on Reports

or Certificates for Special Purposes (Revised 2016)

and Guidance Note on Certification of Corporate

Independent Auditors’ Certificate on Compliance with

the Corporate Governance requirements Under SEBI

(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015

Governance both issued by the Institute of the

Chartered Accountants of India (the “ICAI”), in so

far as applicable for the purpose of this certificate.

The Guidance Note requires that we comply with

the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics

issued by the ICAI.

7. We have complied with the relevant applicable

requirements of the Standard on Quality Control

(SQC) 1, Quality Control for Firms that Perform

Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial

Information, and Other Assurance and Related

Services Engagements.

Opinion

8. In our opinion and to the best of our information

and according to the explanations given to us, we

certify that the Company has complied with the

conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated

in the above-mentioned Listing Regulations.

9. We state that such compliance is neither an

assurance as to the future viability of the Company

nor the efficiency or effectiveness with which the

management has conducted the affairs of the

Company.

Restriction on use

10. The certificate is addressed and provided to the

Members of the Company solely for the purpose

of enabling the Company to comply with the

requirement of the Listing Regulations and should

not be used by any other person or for any other

purpose. Accordingly, we do not accept or assume

any liability or any duty of care for any other

purpose or to any other person to whom this

certificate is shown or into whose hands it may

come without our prior consent in writing.

For B S R & Co. LLP

Chartered Accountants

Firm’s Registration No. 101248W/W-100022

Swapnil Dakshindas

Partner

Membership No. 113896

UDIN: 22113896AHWKOV49096

Place: Pune

Date: 27 April 2022

Managing Director and Priyamvada Hardikar, Chief Financial Officer of KPIT Technologies

Limited (“the Company”) to the best of our knowledge and belief, certify that:-

A. We have reviewed financial statements (consolidated and standalone) for the year April 1, 2021 to March 31,

2022 and to the best of our knowledge and belief:

(1)

these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain

statements that might be misleading;

(2)

these statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance

with existing accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.

B. There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the listed entity during

the year i.e. April 1, 2021 to March 31, 2022 which are fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company’s

code of conduct.

C. We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that

we have evaluated the effectiveness of internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial

reporting and we have disclosed to the auditors and the Audit Committee, deficiencies in the design or

operation of such internal controls, if any, of which we are aware and the steps we have taken or propose to

take to rectify these deficiencies.

D. We have indicated to the auditors and the Audit Committee:-

(1)

significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year i.e. April 1, 2021 to

March 31, 2022.

(2)

significant changes in accounting policies during the year and that the same have been disclosed in the

notes to the financial statements.

(3)

instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of

the management or an employee having a significant role in the Company’s internal control system over

financial reporting.

Pune

Kishor Patil

Priyamvada Hardikar

April 27, 2022

CEO &: Managing

Managing Director

4

Telephone number

+91 20 6770 6000

5

E-mail ID

grievances@kpit.com

7. Donation to Maharashtra State Lawn Tennis Association (MSLTA) & Pune Metropolitan District Tennis

Association (PMDTA) for “Training & Development of Indian Tennis Players”

8. Economic Empowerment of women through skill training

9. COVID Care Center & COVID Combat

SECTION C: OTHER DETAILS

1.

Does the Company have any Subsidiary Company/Companies?

Yes, the Company has the following subsidiaries:

Sr. No.

Name of Subsidiary

Nature

1

KPIT Technologies (UK) Limited

Wholly owned subsidiary

2

KPIT Technologies Netherlands B. V.

Wholly owned subsidiary

3

KPIT Technologies Holding Inc.

Wholly owned subsidiary

4

KPIT Technologias Ltda

Wholly owned subsidiary

5

KPIT (Shanghai) Software Technology Co. Limited

Wholly owned subsidiary

6

KPIT Technologies GK

Wholly owned subsidiary

7

KPIT Technologies Pte. Limited (Under strike-off)

Wholly owned subsidiary

8

KPIT Technologies GmbH

Subsidiary of KPIT Technologies (UK) Limited

9

ThaiGerTec Co., Limited

Subsidiary of KPIT Technologies (UK) Limited

10

MicroFuzzy Industrie-Elektronic GmbH

Subsidiary of KPIT Technologies GmbH

11

KPIT Technologies Inc.

Subsidiary of KPIT Technologies Holding Inc.

12

PathPartner Technology Private Limited

Subsidiary of KPIT Technologies Limited

13

PathPartner Technology Inc. (USA)

Wholly owned Subsidiary of PathPartner Technology Private Limited

14

PathPartner Technology GmbH,

Wholly owned Subsidiary of PathPartner Technology Private Limited

2. Do the Subsidiary Company/Companies participate in the BR Initiatives of the parent company? If yes, then

indicate the number of such subsidiary company(s).

Our responsibility practices and reporting are focused on India, our home ground. However, our subsidiaries

share our vision and values and are responsible businesses.

3. Do any other entity/entities (e.g. suppliers, distributors etc.) that the Company does business with, participate

in the BR initiatives of the Company? If yes, then indicate the percentage of such entity/ entities? [Less than

30%, 30-60%, More than 60%]: No

SECTION D: BR INFORMATION

1.

Details of Director/Directors responsible for BR:

(a) Details of the Director/Directors responsible for implementation of the BR policy/policies

1.

DIN: 02918460

2. Name: Mr. Sachin Tikekar

3. Designation: President & Joint: Managing

letter has been attached to this report requesting all the shareholders whose email addresses are

not registered with their depository participants or our Registrar and Share Transfer Agent, KFin Technologies

Limited or with the Company to update their email addresses.

25. Board members’ profiles:

The Board of Directors of the Company consists of executive and non-executive members. The present Board

consists of following members:

Co-Founder & Chairman

Mr. S. B. (Ravi) Pandit is the Co-founder and Chairman of board of KPIT Technologies Limited. Since its

inception, his ambitious vision has steered KPIT towards achieving a global leadership position as an

engineering technology partner to the automotive industry to make it safer, smarter and cleaner through

green energy generation, storage and usage technologies. He has been instrumental in shaping KPIT’s vertical

focus strategy and building a unique partnership model based on the tenets of innovation and sustainable

development. Having run a Chartered Accountancy firm for close to a decade after finishing his masters

studies, Mr. Pandit decided to venture into Information Technology consulting and services, thus setting up

KPIT, with his co-founders, in 1990 and over the last 20+ years, KPIT, under the leadership of Mr. Pandit, has

combined its deep industry & technology expertise, presence in relevant geographies and highly scalable

delivery infrastructure to enable clients expand their product development footprint, enhance operational

efficiencies and optimize processes. Mr. Pandit has been a Director on our Board since incorporation. He

shouldered the responsibility as a Chairman & Executive Director (Whole-time) till March 28, 2020 and

thereafter, he has been a Chairman (Non-Executive Director) of the board.

Mr. Pandit has been awarded the prestigious Rotary Excellence Award for exemplary leadership and

outstanding performance. He has also been honored with the Maharashtra Corporate Excellence (MAXELL)

Awards for Excellence in Entrepreneurship and for his contribution to the economic and industrial

development of Pune City; he has also been conferred with the prestigious Samata Award. In recognition of

his tremendous contribution to global technology and mobility sectors as well as his significant contribution:

Managing Director

Mr. Kishor Patil is the Co-founder, CEO &: Managing

Managing Director of KPIT. He has been with the

company since the beginning and has lead and guided the company in different areas. In his current role, he

is responsible for growing & nurturing strategic relationships with customers and partners.

Mr. Tikekar has served the company in a number of capacities. He has been the Executive Sponsor for Europe.

He was the Chief People & Operations Officer with responsibility for imbibing KPIT culture in the organization,

accelerating learning opportunities for employees globally and fostering innovation in attracting, nurturing

and retaining talent. He was also the Chief Operating Officer for KPIT in the US. He established the company’s

now deeply rooted presence in the US.

Over the years, he has spearheaded the successful integration of acquired entities within KPIT. Before joining

KPIT, Sachin worked with US Sprint and Strategic Positioning Group.

He attended Temple University for Masters in Strategic Management and International Finance. As an ardent

food lover, he dubs himself as Anthony Bourdain 2.0! He is a member of the World Wildlife Federation and

pursues his fascination with wildlife and nature through traveling.

Mr. Anup Sable is the Chief Technology Officer and Board Member of KPIT. In his current responsibilities,

he manages the CTO function and steers the technology direction of the company and is currently also the

board member for PathPartner Technology Private Limited, Subsidiary Company. He is also responsible for

incubating the Middleware and Virtualization Practices which will be a major growth drivers in future and will

enhance our recognition as a trusted software and integration partner to the Automotive & Mobility industry.

Anup has been with KPIT since 1994 and has led global teams at KPIT which include Electrification of

Vehicles, Digital Cockpit, Autonomous Driving, AUTOSAR and Diagnostics. He was instrumental in starting the

automotive business unit and developing the Cummins relationship for engineering services. A co-inventor of

4 patents in the areas of electric vehicle technology and automotive safety, he continues to remain involved

in his passion for technologies hands on. Anup, Mechanical Engineer began his career at the Automotive

Research Association of India (ARAI) as a research assistant in the Powertrain domain. In the past, he has

held a position on the Board of Directors of GENIVI® Alliance, contributing towards driving open innovation

and collaboration in the automotive industry. He was also a member of the NASSCOM® engineering council,

where he supported the council’s vision of making more and more companies in India achieve the ‘Engineered

in India’ dream. Anup had received ‘Best outgoing Mechanical Engineer’ award in 1990 from College of

Engineering Pune (COEP). He also represented State of Maharashtra and received Junior National Silver Medal

award for rowing. He has additionally carried out board responsibilities for KPIT GmbH Germany.

Independent Directors

Prof. Alberto Sangiovanni Vincentelli is the Buttner Chair at the Department of Electrical Engineering &

Computer Sciences, University of California, Berkeley. He is a Co-founder of Cadence and Synopsys, the

two leading companies in the area of Electronic Design Automation. Prof. Alberto is a member of the

Board of Directors of Cadence. He was a member of the HP Strategic Technology Advisory Board, of the ST

Microelectronics Advisory Board and of the Science and Technology Advisory Board of General Motors as

well as a member of the Technology Advisory Council of United Technologies Corporation. He served as the

Chairperson of the Strategy Committee of the Italian Strategic Fund, and as the Chairperson of the National

Committee of Research Trustees for the Italian Ministry of University, Education and Scientific Research. He

is the Chairperson of four High Tech Startup in UK, Netherlands and Italy. He consulted for several companies

such as Intel, IBM, ATT, General Electric, BMW, Mercedes, Magneti Marelli, GM, Fujitsu, Kawasaki Steel, Pirelli

and Telecom Italia.

Mr. Anant Talaulicar holds a bachelor’s degree in Mechanical Engineering from Mysore University, a master’s

degree from the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor and a MBA degree from Tulane University, USA. He was

the Chairman and: Managing

Managing Director

Membership No. 113896

DIN : 00075861

DIN : 00076190

UDIN: 22113896AHWJXE6281

Priyamvada Hardikar

Nida Deshpande

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Pune

Place: Pune

Date: 27 April 2022

Date: 27 April 2022

See accompanying notes to the standalone financial statements:

Managing Director

Membership No. 113896

DIN : 00075861

DIN : 00076190

UDIN: 22113896AHWJXE6281

Priyamvada Hardikar

Nida Deshpande

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Pune

Place: Pune

Date: 27 April 2022

Date: 27 April 2022:

Managing Director

Membership No. 113896

DIN : 00075861

DIN : 00076190

UDIN: 22113896AHWJXE6281

Priyamvada Hardikar

Nida Deshpande

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Pune

Place: Pune

Date: 27 April 2022

Date: 27 April 2022:

Managing Director

Membership No. 113896

DIN : 00075861

DIN : 00076190

UDIN: 22113896AHWJXE6281

Priyamvada Hardikar

Nida Deshpande

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Pune

Place: Pune

Date: 27 April 2022

Date: 27 April 2022:

Managing Director

Membership No. 113896

DIN : 00075861

DIN : 00076190

UDIN: 22113896AHWJXE6281

Priyamvada Hardikar

Nida Deshpande

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Pune

Place: Pune

Date: 27 April 2022

Date: 27 April 2022

NOTES FORMING PART OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

for the year ended on 31 March 2022:

Managing Director

Membership No. 113896

DIN : 00075861

DIN : 00076190

UDIN: 22113896AHWJXZ1311

Priyamvada Hardikar

Nida Deshpande

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Pune

Place: Pune

Date: 27 April 2022

Date: 27 April 2022

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements:

Managing Director

Membership No. 113896

DIN : 00075861

DIN : 00076190

UDIN: 22113896AHWJXZ1311

Priyamvada Hardikar

Nida Deshpande

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Pune

Place: Pune

Date: 27 April 2022

Date: 27 April 2022

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements:

Managing Director

Membership No. 113896

DIN : 00075861

DIN : 00076190

UDIN: 22113896AHWJXZ1311

Priyamvada Hardikar

Nida Deshpande

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Pune

Place: Pune

Date: 27 April 2022

Date: 27 April 2022:

Managing Director

Membership No. 113896

DIN : 00075861

DIN : 00076190

UDIN: 22113896AHWJXZ1311

Priyamvada Hardikar

Nida Deshpande

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Pune

Place: Pune

Date: 27 April 2022

Date: 27 April 2022:

Managing Director

Membership No. 113896

DIN : 00075861

DIN : 00076190

UDIN: 22113896AHWJXZ1311

Priyamvada Hardikar

Nida Deshpande

Chief Financial Officer

Company Secretary

Place: Pune

Place: Pune

Date: 27 April 2022

Date: 27 April 2022:

Managing Director

of the Company, to hold an office or place of

profit in the Company as Senior Manager (HR),

or such other post as she may be promoted

hereafter, in the Company, at a remuneration

up to ₹ 45 lacs per annum inclusive of salary,

allowances, perquisites, benefits, amenities, but

exclusive of variable performance incentives per

annum, special bonus incentive per annum and

increment as per the policy of the Company as

applicable to the other employees in her grade

with effect from August 24, 2022 and the Board

of Directors may alter and vary the said terms

and conditions of the appointment subject to

the limit on the remuneration stated above in

such manner as may be agreed to between the

Board of Directors and Ms. Manasi Patil.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any of the key

managerial personnel of the Company be and are

hereby severally authorized to furnish a certified

copy of this resolution and to do all such acts,

deeds, matters and things and take such steps

as may be necessary and desirable to give effect

to this resolution.”

12.

To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or

without modification(s), the following resolution

as a SPECIAL RESOLUTION:

Approval of the ‘KPIT Technologies Limited-

Restricted Stock Unit Plan 2022’

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions

of Section 62(1)(b) and other applicable

provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013

read with rules framed thereunder, relevant

provisions of the Regulation 6 of the Securities

and Exchange Board of India (Share Based

Employee Benefits & Sweat Equity) Regulations,

2021 and any circulars/notifications/ guidance/

frequently asked questions issued thereunder,

as amended from time to time (collectively

referred as “SEBI SBEB Regulations”), the

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing

Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)

Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to

time (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), the provisions

of any regulations/guidelines prescribed by the

Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”),

the provisions of any other applicable laws and

regulations (including any amendment thereto

or modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof

from time to time), the relevant provisions of

the Memorandum and Articles of Association

of the Company, and subject to any applicable

approval(s), permission(s) and sanction(s) of:

managing director(s).

(d)Perquisites and other details: Please

refer to previous paragraphs in this item of

business.

5. Comparative remuneration profile with

respect to industry, size of the company,

profile of position and person:

The comparative remuneration in the

Engineering Industry for companies with

revenues in the range of ₹ 24,108 Mn to

₹ 105,253 Mn for the position of Executive

Director (Whole-time) ranged from ₹ 17.03 Mn

to ₹ 142.03 Mn for the year 2021-22.

6. Pecuniary relationship directly or indirectly

with the company or relationship with the

managerial personnel, if any:

Please refer Note No. 44 to the standalone

financial statements attached.

III. Other information:

1.

Reasons of loss or inadequate profits: Not

applicable.

2. Steps taken or proposed to be taken for

improvement: Not applicable.

3. Expected increase in productivity and profits

in measurable terms: Not applicable.

The Agreement will be entered into between the

Company and Mr. Anup Sable and the draft agreement

will be available for inspection by the members in the

manner provided in the Notes to this Notice.

As per the provisions of Section 196 and 197 of the

Companies Act, 2013, the appointment of a Whole-

time Director shall be approved by the members at a

general meeting of the Company.

Mr. Sable is not related to any other Director or Key

Managerial Personnel of the Company or the relatives

of other Directors or Key Managerial Personnel.

Mr. Sable is concerned or interested in the Ordinary

Resolution to the extent of the remuneration payable

to him under the authority of the resolution.

None of the other Directors or key managerial

personnel or relatives of other directors or key

managerial personnel is concerned or interested in

the proposed resolution.

The Board of Directors recommends the Ordinary

Resolution set forth as Item No. 5 & 6 of the notice

for approval of the shareholders.:

managing director(s).

(d)Perquisites and other details: Please

refer to previous paragraphs in this item of

business.

5. Comparative remuneration profile with

respect to industry, size of the company,

profile of position and person:

The comparative remuneration in the

Engineering Industry for companies with

revenues in the range of ₹ 24,108 Mn to

₹ 105,253 Mn for the position of Executive

Director (Whole-time) ranged from ₹ 17.03 Mn

to ₹ 142.03 Mn for the year 2021-22.

6. Pecuniary relationship directly or indirectly

with the company or relationship with the

managerial personnel, if any:

Please refer Note No. 44 to the standalone

financial statements attached.

III. Other information:

1.

Reasons of loss or inadequate profits: Not

applicable.

2. Steps taken or proposed to be taken for

improvement: Not applicable.

3. Expected increase in productivity and profits

in measurable terms: Not applicable.

The Agreement will be entered into between the

Company and Mr. Chinmay Pandit and the draft

agreement will be available for inspection by the

members in the manner provided in the Notes to

this Notice.

As per the provisions of Section 196 and 197 of the

Companies Act, 2013, the appointment of a Whole-

time Director shall be approved by the members at a

general meeting of the Company.

Mr. Chinmay Pandit is concerned or interested in the

Ordinary Resolution to the extent of the remuneration

payable to him under the authority of the resolution.

Mr. Chinmay Pandit is son of Mr. S. B. (Ravi) Pandit,

Chairman and Non-executive Director of the Company.

None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the

Company including their relatives are concerned or

interested in the resolution in any way, except Mr. S.

B. (Ravi) Pandit.

The Board of Directors recommends the Ordinary

Resolution set forth as Item No. 7 & 8 of the notice for

approval of the shareholders.:

letter of Independent

Directors displayed on the website of the Company at

(http://www.kpit.com/company/investors/corporate-

governance).

Ms. Bhavna Doshi has submitted a declaration of

her independent status as required under Section

149 of the Companies Act, 2013 and that she is not

disqualified from being appointed as a Director by

the SEBI or any other authority, which has been taken

on record by the Board of Directors of the Company.

In the opinion of the Board of Directors, Ms. Doshi

fulfills the conditions specified in the Companies Act,

2013 and the rules made thereunder and SEBI LODR

2015 for being appointed as an Independent Director

and Ms. Doshi is independent of the management.

Considering the qualifications, experience, expertise,

accomplishments, mature wisdom and performance

evaluation of Ms. Bhavna Doshi, the Board of Directors

is of the view that appointment of Ms. Doshi as an

Independent Director will benefit the Company and

hence, recommends the Ordinary Resolution set forth

as Item No. 9 of the Notice for the approval of the

shareholders.

Ms. Bhavna Doshi is not related to any other director

or key managerial personnel of the Company or

relatives of Directors or key managerial personnel.

Ms. Bhavna Doshi is concerned or interested in the

proposed resolution to the extent of the remuneration

that the office of an independent director may carry.

None of the other Directors or key managerial

personnel or relatives of other directors or key

managerial personnel is concerned or interested in

the proposed resolution.

Item No. 10:

Prof. Rajiv Lal, aged 64 years, was appointed as an

Additional Director of the Company to hold office till

the date of the ensuing Annual General Meeting & as

an Independent Director of the Company with effect

from November 1, 2021 pursuant to the provisions:

letter of Independent Directors

displayed on the website of the Company at (http://

www.kpit.com/company/investors/corporate-

governance).

Prof. Lal has submitted a declaration of his

independent status as required under Section

149 of the Companies Act, 2013 and that he is not

disqualified from being appointed as a Director by the

SEBI or any other authority, which has been taken on

record by the Board of Directors of the Company. In

the opinion of the Board of Directors, Prof. Lal fulfills

the conditions specified in the Companies Act, 2013

and the rules made thereunder and SEBI LODR 2015

for being appointed as an Independent Director and

Prof. Lal is independent of the management.

Considering the qualifications, experience, expertise,

accomplishments, mature wisdom and performance

evaluation of Prof. Lal, the Board of Directors is of the

view that appointment of Prof. Lal as an Independent

Director will benefit the Company and hence,

recommends the Ordinary Resolution set forth as

Item No. 10 of the Notice for the approval of

the shareholders.

Prof. Rajiv Lal is not related to any other director or

key managerial personnel of the Company or relatives

of Directors or key managerial personnel.

Prof. Rajiv Lal is concerned or interested in the

proposed resolution to the extent of the remuneration

that the office of an independent director may carry.

None of the other Directors or key managerial

personnel or relatives of other directors or key

managerial personnel is concerned or interested in

the proposed resolution.

Item No. 11:

The Board of Directors in their meeting held on

January 29, 2020, approved the appointment of Ms.

Manasi Patil, on recommendation of the Nomination

and Remuneration (HR) Committee, as Manager (HR)

with effect from February 1, 2020, at a remuneration

up to ₹ 30 Lacs p.a., the allowed limit under Section

188(1)(f) of the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules

thereunder, being daughter of Mr. Kishor Patil, CEO &: Managing

Letter etc., authorizing its

representative to attend the AGM through

VC/ OAVM on its behalf and to cast its vote

through remote e-voting. Together with

attested specimen signature(s) of the duly

authorised representative(s), to the Scrutinizer

at email id: jbbhave@gmail.com with a copy

marked to evoting@kfintech.com.

The scanned image of the above-mentioned

documents should be in the naming format

“Corporate Name_EVEN No.”

(B) Shareholders whose email IDs are not registered

with the Company/ Depository Participants(s),

and consequently the Notice of AGM and e-voting

instructions cannot be serviced, will have to

follow the following process:

i)

Shareholders who have not registered their

email address and in consequence, the Notice

of AGM and e-voting instructions cannot be

serviced, may temporarily get their email

address and mobile number provided with

KFintech, by accessing the link: https://

ris.kfintech.com/clientservices/mobilereg/

mobileemailreg.aspx:

letter providing the

email address, mobile number, self-attested

PAN copy and Client Master copy in case of

electronic folio and copy of share certificate in

case of physical folio for sending the Notice of

AGM and the e-voting instructions.

iii) After receiving the e-voting instructions,

please follow all steps above to cast your vote

by electronic means.

9.3)Details on Step 3 are mentioned below:

Instructions for attending the AGM of the

Company through VC/ OAVM and e-voting during

the meeting (Insta Poll).

i)

Shareholders will be provided with a facility

to attend the AGM through VC/ OAVM platform

provided by KFintech. Shareholders may access

the same at https://emeetings.kfintech.com/ by

using the e-voting login credentials provided in

the email received from the Company/ KFintech.

After logging in, click on the “Video Conference”

tab and select the EVEN of the Company.

Click on the “video symbol” and accept the

meeting etiquettes to join the meeting. Please

note that the shareholders who do not have

the User ID and Password for e-voting or have

forgotten the User ID and Password may retrieve

the same by following the remote e-voting

instructions mentioned above.

ii) Facility for joining the AGM through VC/ OAVM will

be open 15 minutes before the scheduled time

for commencement of AGM and shall be closed 15

minutes after such scheduled time.

iii) Shareholders are encouraged to join the Meeting

through Laptops/ Desktops with Google Chrome

(preferred browser), Safari, Internet Explorer,

Microsoft Edge, Mozilla Firefox 22.

iv) Shareholders will be required to grant access

to the webcam to enable VC/ OAVM. Further,

shareholders connecting from Mobile Devices or:

Managing Director

Sachin Tikekar

-

President & Joint: Managing Director

Anup Sable

-

CTO & Whole-time Director

Priyamvada Hardikar

-

Chief Financial Officer

Pankaj Sathe

-

President – Europe

Rajesh Janwadkar

-

Executive Vice President-Passenger Cars and Global Practices

Rajeeb Nath

-

Executive Vice President-US

Chinmay Pandit

-

Executive Vice President-US

Pushpahas Joshi

-

Executive Vice President-Connected Solutions & Services

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

S. B. (Ravi) Pandit

